"Are you ready for your reward?" she asked me breathily.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Power of Porn, Chapter 3 (MF, cons, inc, mc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

When I got home after work, I wondered what would happen if I went to sleep during this dream. It was obviously a dream, as not only had my stepmother forced her younger daughter and me to have sex to lose our virginities, but a shoplifter at work had fucked me so that I wouldn't call the police. Both were classic porn scenarios, things that just didn't happen in real life.

I also noted that I hadn't been acting like myself in the latter scenario. I would never have forced a young woman to fuck me to avoid jail time! Yeah, this was definitely a dream. Still, I realized that I stank like pussy after fucking two women that day, so I went and had a shower.

Dinner was kinda odd. Ella kept glancing at me across the table, her face turning red when I looked back.

"What's going on with you two?" Tanya asked as she speared some asparagus on her fork and glanced back and forth between us.

"N-nothing!" Ella squeaked.

"Hmm..."

"Oh, eat your dinner, Tanya," her mother admonished her elder daughter, "and stop trying to cause problems."

"Mooom..."

---

After dinner I retreated to my room. There were still a few hours before bedtime, so I wondered if I should watch some porn on my laptop. Would the Internet work in a dream? I didn't get the chance, though.

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!*

There it was again! There was no discernible source for the strange musical sound; it seemed to come from everywhere, and was loud this time, as it had been the first time that I heard it.

*Knock knock!*

"Um...yes?"

Rayanne stuck her head into the room. "Wade, I need to see you in your father's...um, the office, please, in a couple of minutes."

"Uh, okay, Rayanne."

I headed downstairs to my Dad's old office and opened the door to find my stepmother with her butt perched on the edge of his desk. She had changed into a dark, above-the-knee skirt and dark nylons that showed off her shapely legs.

"Close the door behind you, Wade." I did so. "C'mere..." She held out her arms, and I moved forward so that she could pull me into a hug.

I was acutely aware of her large breasts pressing into me as she gave me a squeeze, as well as her heady perfume. Had she been wearing that earlier?

"Are you ready for your reward?" she asked me breathily.

I pulled back to look into my stepmother's eyes. She had the same intense expression as when she had ordered me to take her youngest daughter's virginity. My cock quickly filled with blood as I realized that another sexy scenario had started, and also that she kinda reminded me of the porn star Melanie Hicks. "Umm...yes, Rayanne..."

She pulled me into a kiss, surprising me, but her lips were surprisingly soft and supple. Soon we were making out, standing in my dead father's office. She moved her lips to my neck and whispered into my ear, "You were such a good boy earlier, pulling out of Ella's tight little pussy to give me your cum." I moaned.

She pushed me back, dropped to her knees, and unfastened my jeans. They and my underwear quickly hit the floor, and I moaned again as my stepmother's hot mouth surrounded my six-incher. My hands moved to her hair to steady myself as she bobbed her head on my erection.

"Jeeesus..." I groaned as the experienced woman's tongue slipped around my shaft. That shoplifting girl had nothing on my stepmother's oral skills! I gripped her hair tighter as she sucked me into her mouth again and again.

Then she pulled back. With a smoldering look, she stood up and pulled down her skirt, revealing garters holding up her nylon stockings, and her trimmed dark pussy...she wasn't wearing underwear! She turned, swiped her arm across my Dad's desk, and knocked half of everything there onto the floor. Luckily, my Dad's laptop was closed up, but pens and other office paraphernalia thunked onto the plush carpet. Then she turned back, shimmied her butt onto the desk, and spread her legs.

My stepmother's pretty pussy was visibly wet. I needed no invitation. I moved between her legs, slotted the head of my turgid cock between her vaginal lips, and pushed inside.

"Yeeesss..." she hissed in pleasure.

I pulled back a bit and thrust inside again, making her gasp and moan. As I hilted myself inside her, I felt her nylon-covered legs wrap themselves around me.

"I've been so lonely...give it to me, Wade..."

I did, thrusting hard and fast inside the sexy MILF. I unfastened the buttons of her blouse, revealing her slightly rounded tummy and lacy bra, and grabbed those magnificent mammaries through the fabric as I fucked her. Finally, I yanked her bra up, revealing her nipples and large areolas, and glommed my mouth to one of her stubby nips.

"Yes, suck Mommy's tits..." she moaned. This was kinda perverse, but I kept suckling and thrusting. "Ohh...ohhh..." she gasped, and then arched her back. "O-hhh!"

I felt her pussy squeeze me tight, setting off my own orgasm. I suddenly realized that not only was I not wearing a condom, but Rayanne hadn't said whether I could cum inside or not. Was she on the pill? I half-heartedly tried to pull out as my cum rose up my shaft, but her legs tightened around me.

"Uhh! Ohh noo, my good boy, you get to cum inside...insiiiide...huuuh..."

I felt my stepmother's orgasming pussy milk my cock, and I watched her eyes widen as my first blast of sperm-filled semen eagerly injected itself into her forbidden depths. "Uhhyyeesss..." she cried out softly as she used her legs to pull me all the way back inside her. As her body continued to shake in orgasmic pleasure, my cock emptied the rest of my load deep inside her fortysomething reproductive system. Finally, I leaned against her, my face between her bountiful breasts.

She stroked my hair. "Ohh, Wade, that was so good. I hope you'll forgive me, but this wasn't entirely for you."

I perked my ears up. "Hm?"

She hugged me to her chest. "I miss your father, and now that you're 18 you'll probably be leaving me once you graduate high school. I'm not your real mother, after all. Ella's extra birthday gift earlier gave me the idea: this way after you leave I'll have a piece of you and your father that's all mine. Uhmm..."

I felt her pussy grip me in an afterorgasm. Was she saying...?

"Can you get it back up, honey? I'm going to need you to cum inside me a lot for the next few days to make sure I'm knocked up."

I pulled back to look at her again. She still had those crazy eyes. What if I had just impregnated my stepmother? I hadn't even considered the consequences of my actions, just being focused on getting my rocks off.

But no, this was just a dream! I shook my head...stepmothers didn't just throw themselves at their stepsons, trying to get pregnant...that was definitely another porn dream scenario. I looked down at the sexy MILF, with her large breasts and slightly rounded tummy, and started thrusting into her again.

"Mmm, you young stud! I can feel you getting harder. Amazing..."

She had me pull out so that I could take her from behind, massaging her bouncing breasts and tweaking her nipples as I rammed my reinvigorated cock inside her, making her cum several more times. Finally, I cried out in ecstasy as I inseminated my stepmother for the second time, giving her one final, shuddering climax.

After we recovered, she turned and gave me a passionate, fiery kiss that could have melted steel. "Be ready for me at a moment's notice," she urged me.

Smiling, I redressed and headed to bed. I was super tired...four orgasms a day was nothing compared to my record during those two weeks of near-continuous porn after my Dad died, but fucking definitely took a lot more out of you than just masturbation.

Wondering again if you could sleep within a dream, I got into bed and closed my eyes.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)