"She tastes like a peach."
I instantly wished that I hadn't heard my wife, Marie, say those words. She was outside on the deck, and her voice travelled in through the open window.
Marie had long been bi-curious, and we had engaged in a lot of enthusiastic fantasies in our sex play. As far as I knew, however, she had never done more than a few drunken playful make-out sessions. All the sex talk had pretty much stopped though two years ago when I got sick. Though I had encouraged Marie to look around for satisfaction, and would have enjoyed the tales, she had remained focussed on my recovery. I was much better, but intercourse was definitely out of the question. Given that muff diving had been one of my passions, I had hinted recently to Marie that I was ready to get back in the game. She had skilfully avoided the subject, and lately had gotten grouchy when I raised it.
Now I had a clue about the source of Marie's attitude- she was definitely eating somebody, and was for some reason not willing to share that fact with me. Accidentally overhearing the comment left me in a delicate position. I could not see who she was speaking to and did not know of whom she spoke.
I guessed, perhaps wishfully, that it was our boarder, Jess. Marie and I both enjoyed the scenery when Jess was around. Who wouldn't admire the view of a twenty-four year old college kid with a volleyball honed body, who tended to tie her long blonde hair back in a braid while sunning on the deck in one of her collection of technicolor bikinis?
I could easily believe that body tasted just peachy.
The thought of Marie going down on Jess made my balls ache, even though my poor cock no longer obliged by stiffening. I did feel some familiar pulsing and a rise in my blood pressure as my brain provided images of Marie's black mane bouncing joyfully between Jess' splayed thighs.
The fantasy unreeled in my mind like a film clip. Though I had never seen Jess topless, in my mind I saw bubblegum pink nipples erect and naked, reaching up towards the sun. I imagined Jess's fingers grasping handfuls of Marie's hair., her youthful hips bucking up off the lounge chair, back arching, my wife's mouth straining to maintain contact with that peachy muff. A guttural roar from Jess, followed by gasped demanding words alternating with screams of joy.
Since I couldn't spew forth great gobs of goo, the scene did not end abruptly, but usually carried on to include Jess releasing Marie's hair as my wife continued to display eager abilities I had always imagined but never seen. The young blonde's fingers would run up her own washboard abs, pausing briefly to cup those firm modest tits, continuing up so that scarlet nails pinched her own nipples as if the ache was not yet enough.
Feet locked behind Marie's wonderful taut ass as Jess's throat blushed pink turning red as it spread down her chest, her breathing becoming shallow as her ass bounced off the seat with increased ferocity.
The fantasies varied from there, but all ended the same way, with Jess climaxing throwing her limbs wide, and Marie lifting her dripping wet grin up, sliding along the younger body to exchange a messy kiss.
The end result was always the same though- me soaked with sweat, panting with excitement, testicles tight in my scrotum, every nerve buzzing in a psychological climax which proved that sex still had a role in my life.
It all was just fantasies for a month or two. Then tanning weather arrived. When she and Marie had agreed to the rental deal, Jess had asked for permission to sunbathe on the deck, but my spouse had agreed only on condition that we had full use of the shared space. Jess had quickly proven that she enjoyed sunning on the deck.
My favourite of Jess' bikini collection was a red top which she matched with a variety of skimpy bottoms in primary colours. As her tan deepened, the fabric seemed to decrease, but it might have just been my imagination. Maybe she had been rotating in that sunshine yellow piece that was barely more than a postage stamp displaying her lack of pubic hair, barely covering her labia, held in place by two strings of floss and a band not even an inch wide that tended to creep right into her ass cleavage.
I learned to peep discretely rather than stare as she frequently twanged the string out of that crack with a flick of her fingernail. It always snuck back in. By the third of fourth repetition, Jess would emit a tiny sigh as she squirmed for comfort. Once again maybe it was my imagination, but I started to think that at least occasionally she gave a quick glance to check whether I was watching. I wondered whether that was her desire, or whether she worried that I was a creepy old man, not the safe sick gent whose wife had rented her a spare bedroom with run of the house.
There was also a noticeable scent of peach, making me wonder about her bath products. That of course led to my picturing her in the tub, her breasts buoyant, her throat exposed as she titled her hair back, her hands roaming across her chest, teasing her tits, and sliding effortlessly past her navel to pleasure her petals.
Still, my wife continued, at least in my presence, to treat Jess more like a niece than a lover.. No gentle resting of fingers on a shoulder, no love pats on that shelf-like ass. Not even girlish giggles. Also no sudden startled moments when I entered the kitchen to find them chatting over coffee.
Maybe Jess being Marie's secret lover was all in my imagination, but as long as I was enjoying the fantasy, I did not fret.
The hunger grew before I even realized it was there. All along, I thought I was having the harmless fantasies of a dirty old man.
Realization smashed into me just like a car crash one afternoon as I stood at the kitchen window, lost in space, focussed on Jess, lying on her tummy reading a book, her elbows raising her chest just enough that her tits hung loosely in the bikini top, exposing flesh. I was hungry to see a nipple pop or even peak out of the fabric.
Just then, Marie asked me, "Would you like to share a peach?"
"Maybe Jess would like some too," I replied.
"Let's ask her," Marie replied. I thought I saw a wink, and followed her out to the deck.
Sure enough, Jess said "Yes, please," to the offered fruit. I could have sworn she also tossed a wink, though whether to Marie or me I knew not.
Marie stepped between us and offered a slice of ripe fruit to my lips, as she lifted another piece to her own mouth. She nibbled the edge softly, and then slid the flesh along her lower lip. Her tongue darted out and rolled around the damp fruit. Then she bit half off, but did not swallow.
She swivelled and offered Jess the rest of her slice. Rather than hand it to Jess, Marie brought it directly to the younger woman's lips.
I saw that Jess' jaw was slack. She seemed to be panting softly. Her eyes were glazed. A quick glance down confirmed that her bosom was heaving.
Marie help the offering just in front of Jess' lips, forcing our boarder to bend forward to accept the treat. This gave me a better view of the valley between her orbs.
Jess acted much like Marie had, suckling the peach rather than devouring it. Her tongue also caressed my wife's fingertips, licking them clean of drops of nectar that had dripped from the fruit.
Marie stared at Jess' hunger, and then swivelled her head and her eyes found mine, as if to ask whether I was enjoying watching. My tongue flicked across my lips and I felt my chin give a tiny nod without me consciously willing the movement. I shifted in my seat to get a closer look, but suddenly, Jess was done and fell back on her chair.
My balls were tight to my groin and my poor cock was pulsing, wishing that it could give me the rise I craved. My fingers automatically caressed the non- existent bulge, lingering slightly.
Jess giggled at the sight, then she grabbed Marie's wrist and guided my wife's fingers inside that teeny top. Marie needed no more urging to tweak Jess' nipple. My wife continued to watch my reaction. I obliged by shifting forward in my seat, my face now so close to the ladies that I'm sure they could feel the dew of my breath on their skin. From this angle I had a better view of Jess' cleavage, but at the wrong angle to see her nipple. As if reading my mind, Marie nudged the fabric aside, baring Jess' right breast. I swear there was an audible "pop" as the nub burst free, in all it's bubblegum glory just as I had pictured it, hard and long sticking away from the mound like a thumb.
Marie's other hand was caressing her own hip, and then as Jess and I watched, her fingers skid into her bottoms, teasingly slowly, gradually building the anticipation, stopping where I knew her labia started. Having been up close and personal there many times, I easily pictured Marie's sweet pearl peeking up out of it's hood.
I felt the tingle all over my body as I slowly turned in their direction.
Jess wasted no time cupping her fingers behind Marie's neck and drew my wife's lips to her mouth. She stopped them so they barely touched, and then her tongue snaked out of her mouth and slid over Marie's panting bottom lip, teasing my wife's teeth before retreating. Instantly, Marie responded by mashing her mouth intensely against her tenant's, hand leaving heaving tit to grab a hank of blonde mane to hold Jess close. I could see clearly the bulge of Marie's tongue in Jess' cheek.
Automatically I leaned forward, lifting off my chair until no doubt they could feel the warmth of my breath on their skin. A stream of peach juice had run down Jess' chin and dribbled onto her upper chest just below her shoulder. I tucked by head in next to Marie and licked up the nectar. It felt like sparks were igniting on my tongue as a shudder range through Jess' body.
Marie lifted away from Jess, turned slightly, looked down and grinned at me. Jess grabbed a handful of my hair and dragged my head up to where my cheek pressed against my wife's.
"Kiss her for me," Jess whispered.
It took a bit of squirming, but Marie broke loose from Jess just far enough to turn her lips to meet mine. The taste of the peach nectar was sweet.
"Now kiss Jess for me," Marie gasped to me as she slid her tongue out of my mouth.
Marie slid halfway off Jess' body and allowing me to hoist my head up and over. One of my hands slid around my wife's waist, and the other gripped our boarder's shoulder- just for balance of course. As I lifted my mouth to meet Jess' lips. My fingers squeezed her bicep, and grazed the side of her tit.
I caught Jess' responding moan with my mouth, tasting a bit of peach lingering on her lips. Marie nudged my hand so that I was cupping Jess' breast fully as the young woman's tongue clacked against my teeth, forcing my mouth wide open, allowing her to share even more of the fruit flavour with me. Her nipple brushed against the side of my thumb. I could not hesitate, because Marie was guiding my hand further, leaving my palm to cup the flesh, but leading my fingers to surround Jess' nubbin.
A hand now grasped my ancient cock, stroking it. I could not tell which woman it belonged to but, despite my excitement over the novelty of experiencing Jess, at that point I did not care. I was confident that the walls had come tumbling down and that I wold enjoy all the fruits of the moment. The stroking made warmth run through my groin and my balls danced in there sack though my cock barely responded.
Still, this was my first extra-marital sex treat in 35 years, and there was no guarantee of a repeat, so I resolved to make the most of it. I captured Jess' nipple in the notch between my ring finger and baby finger and slowly applied pressure. I could feel her moan though it was muffled by our kiss. My hand closed tightly around her firm but modest it and I squeezed it hard. Her moan turned into a groan.
"Hey, what about me?" Marie laughed, pulling us apart and sliding in between our bodies. She immediately took Jess' nipple into her mouth and guided mu head to the matching nub.
That made me guess that it was Jess manipulating my cock. Any doubt was removed when Marie's hand cupped my balls with a friendly familiarity, which 
I had been missing since my illness.
"Sadly my dear he can't get off in the traditional manner, but I bet he'd love getting you off," Marie explained to Jess.
"I bet he'd doubly love getting us both off," Jess giggled. "And since you are being so kind as to share him, I insist that you get off first."
"But, sweetie, he's tasted me plenty of times. He deserves your freshness today."
"How about we do both at once," I suggested.
Without waiting for further objections, I began kissing down Jess' body. My tongue began just below her left ear and I took my time, licking along the edge of her throat and then across towards the tiny divot where the collarbones met.. as I was rolling my tongue playfully in that space, Jess pulled my head up.
"Wait," she laughed. "We need to shift our positions so that I can do Marie."
My wife as usual proved highly competent, tossing the chair pads together on the deck and then lowering her self, face up, legs spread in a wide welcome.
"I think I need the bottom," Jess commented. "That little tease made me crave Jeff licking all down my body. Plus if I present doggy style, we might both regret him not being able to fuck me."
"Oh, darling, I regret that everyday," Marie said wistfully," But he has so many other talents I always get over it quickly. For you, however, I want him to go slowly, so you are right- get down here."
Both women giggled as Jess jumped so fast that her hip bumped my wife's, settling on the chair Marie wasted no time lifting up, placing one knee on either side of Jess, and lowering her already dripping cunt to the waiting mouth. I watched that young tongue display some highly developed moves around my wife's labia, but not for long before I lowered my face and obeyed Marie's instructions.
I cupped Jess' left tit as I licked down to her right breast, slowly drawing a circle of dampness around her erect nipple. Her thigh was bumping up against my hip in excitement, but I just teased the nub for a slow minute, listening to Marie sigh. Then without warning I devoured Jess' nipple, drawing it swiftly into my mouth, flicking it hard with my tongue. I closed my teeth firmly around the base and then eased off just enough to draw my mouth up with teeth scraping her flesh until just the tip rested between my lips.
There was a loud "plop" as I let go of Jess' right nipple. I rolled my whiskers in the valley of her boobs as I worked my mouth to the left tit. I switched to giving the right one a tender fingering as I licked along the lower curve of Jess' left tit, nuzzling below that nipple with my nose. Now her hips were revolving from side to side, threatening to knock me off my perch. Perhaps that was why my teeth grabbed tightly around Jess' nipple. I think she gasped, but the sound was muffled by Marie grinding her muff down on Jess' mouth. A quick glance and I confirmed that my wife's nectar was gushing out, threatening to drown Jess, who swallowed as much as she licked, and still a river ran down her chin.
Marie was kneading her own tits. Her head was thrown back, and she was growling and grunting the same way she used to when we fucked. I had missed that. When I ate her cunt, she never reacted this fiercely. At that moment I loved Jess for being able to please my wife so well. That inspired me to try to please Jess even better.
I ran a hand down her flank and caressed her hip as I made her nub dance in my cheek, nipping at the base with my teeth. She was still wearing bikini bottoms, though they were just a wisp. My fingers followed the string along from her hip across her flat athletic belly. Watching her had already made me sure that we has hairless around her cleft, but her groin still had a coating of invisible fine down that guided me to the target.
Her labia were already engorged so much that the cotton floss wrapper of bikini had been sucked right into her cleft. I nudged it aside as my little finger trailed along her swollen nether lip. I ran my nail up and down the length, feeling her shudder.
That must have had special effect on what Jess was doing for Marie because my wife shouted out "OHMIGAWD!" so loudly that I figured the deaf centenarian who lives at the corner would hear. Maybe he'd like to join the party.
At the same time, I had kissed down from Jess' chest and was rolling my tongue inside her navel, which tasted like a fresh spring dew rather than peach. I'm sure we were all anxious for me to taste her nectar but I took my time, teasing her clit with each of my digits, rolling it from side to side and then up and down.
"You're making her dance," Marie laughed. "I can feel it from her tongue to my clit.It's almost like your tongue fucking me, but with Jess' body as one giant cock."
I kept the rhythm going with my thumb as I stiffened my other fingers and started to thrust them into Jess' cunt. She was so wet that I could hear the sloshing even over Marie's pre-orgasmic panting. I thought I ought to hasten my mouth to Jess' cunt in the hopes that the two women could cum together, but Jess had other ideas- she held my head in place as her hips rolled in response to my fingering.
My cock throbbed and my balls danced. It was almost as if I was hard. I had missed that sensation so much. Meanwhile, I was too busy to miss actually getting hard.
My free hand found my wife's thigh, and I gave her a loving caress, noticing how her excitement had made even her legs dewy. I wished that I could tell her at that moment how much I appreciated this gift that she was sharing with me.
Marie always could read my mind.
"I'm so happy that we can do this together, baby." Marie managed to speak between gasps as Jess performed some sort of oral magic on her. I made a quick mental note to ask Jess to show me the trick later- assuming that this threesome did not lead to lasting regrets and recriminations.
But for now all was good as Marie completed her thought, adding, "I know you love pleasuring me, but isn't this treat even better?"
I mumbled my muffled agreement. Marie kept riding our roomer face like a rodeo star on a bucking bronco.
Jess had a teeny pearly of a clit, and it was swollen into a perfect ball in response to my fingers dancing it in a figure eight pattern just like I knew that Marie always loved. I felt Jess' abs flexing and her cunt was pulsating. Finally, she started to shove my mouth downward. I was about to find out whether this young woman actually did taste like a peach.
I was not disappointed. Whether it was her diet or choice of shower products, my wife had perfectly described the flavour of Jess' nectar. It was sweet without being excessive, and had just the right notes of fresh citrus. It contrasted gloriously with Marie's more musky cunt, which I had always enjoyed eating. I instantly realized that it would be risky if I was asked to compare the two. Falling back on loving both because they are so different might work, but after tasting Jess I could no longer honestly say that my wife had the best tasting cunt I had ever enjoyed.
Jess gasped when my tongue found the top edge of her cleft, loudly enough that it was audible despite Jess' face still being buried below Marie. She was so wet that before focusing my oral attention on her clit, I decided to lick up the excess moisture from all around her labia and out along her dewy thighs. My fingers continued to explore her cunt. Her clit was throbbing like a tiny cock ready to burst forth. My balls shared the feeling.
I paused just long enough to glance up and saw that Marie was still writhing, her hands pulling at her own nipples.  
"Touch Jess, honey," I suggested and Marie lowered one hand to Jess' tit, tugging on a nipple. That was the last thing I saw before resuming and redoubling my attention on Jess. I slid my tongue across to replace my finger underneath the edge of that tasty clit. She was so wet that I had to keep swallowing her juices, which delayed my efforts to take Jess' nib into my mouth but soon I had it in my cheek, lips gently closed around its base, teeth softly scratching her ripe flesh.
Jess shook wildly.
"I don't think she's ever been so turned on in her life!" Marie observed. "I know I haven't been. My clit is aching like I'm about to explode"
Jess's ass was bumping forcefully up off the chair as I moved my hands to stabilize myself. I made the pearl dance, which made Jess squirm harder.
"Yeah, honey, do that," Marie commanded. "Jess is so excited she's attacked me better than I've ever felt before. I'm about to come all over her beautiful mouth."
That was all the urging that I needed to batter Jess' swollen clit with both teeth and tongue, striving to bring this young beauty to orgasm in synchronization with my wife.
Marie had stopped talking, but was screaming familiar sounds. I started thrusting my stiffened tongue into Jess' cunt like a tiny cock. She started screaming in pleasure, while Marie's juices flowed freely.
I managed to lift my head away from Jess' still shivering groin in time for Marie to collapse forward. Our faces met and she licked Jess' nectar off my chin. Jess' face shined with Marie's juices, so my wife and I proceeded to lick her clean.
Although of course I hadn't been able to physically climax, I felt exhilarated and exhausted at the same time, with all the familiar adrenaline and endorphin rush as if I had indeed completed my orgasm. It was just like my dreams- me soaked with sweat, panting as I came down from waves of excitement, testicles still tight in my slowly relaxing scrotum, every nerve buzzing. I grinned, pleased that sex still had a role in my life.
In a few moments, all three of us finished gasping for air and cuddled, three bodies intertwined.
"You're right." I told Marie, "She really does taste just like a peach."