Do you want to see me naked?
by TXtabber

She just likes to show her body

"Do you want to see me naked?" she asked.
 Amy was my friend from school.  We'd known each other for years.  We were supposed to be working on a school project.  We were just killing time before the other student came over.
We'd been upstairs going over our notes in her gameroom. Jamie, the other student, had texted that she'd be about fifteen more minutes.  I was going over the assignment sheet again when Amy broke the silence.  
"Do you want to see me naked?" she had said.
"Are you kidding with me?" I asked her.
"No, really," she responded.  "I can trust you, and my Mom won't come up here."
"Yeah, but we're friends!" I reminded her.  "Plus, Jamie is on her way.  We can't do this, right?"
"We're not going to fuck." she said crudely.  "I just want to show off.  I need to show off.  It drive me crazy wearing clothes. I don't know what's wrong with me, but I wish I could be naked all of the time."
She quickly stood up and ran downstairs.  I could hear her talking to her Mom, and then coming back upstairs.  She had a bag of chips and a few sodas.
"Okay, Mom thinks we're working hard!" she exclaimed proudly as she set the chips and drinks down.
I sat up and moved to the edge of the sofa.  She took a deep breath and then turned toward me.
"Have you ever seen a girl naked?" she asked softly.
"Just one,"I replied.  "but we were little kids."
"Oh, then I have to show you!" She said happily.
I was already throbbing hard in my jeans as she stood about three feet away from me.
"You're excited, but nervous," she whispered to me.
I adjusted my thickening cock in my jeans and replied, "Well, yeah.  You're saying you're going to get naked and I don't want to get caught."
She thought about that for a few seconds, her pretty pink tongue popping out of her lips.
"Tell you what," she began.  "Let me get naked for you and I'll give you a handjob."
"Wait a minute," I said.  "You are going to get naked for me and then I get a handjob?   That doesn't seem fair for you."
She paused at that and thought for a minute.  "Okay," she said thoughtfully.  "You can eat my pussy."
"That's still more in my fav..." I was saying but was interrupted as she moved closer and, reaching down, grabbed the lower hem of her shirt and quickly pulled it over her head and tossed it into my lap.
Okay, just to pause here for a minute to share something simple, yet so erotic.  You know how someone will walk by you really fast and you get a whiff of their personal odor in the after-breeze?  The simple act of tossing her shirt into my lap brought with it her sexy smell.  It was a combination of soap and lotion and her own excitement.  All of that overwhelmed my senses as she stripped her shirt off and threw it at me.
She smiled at me and I took a moment to admire the sexy young body in front of me.  She had blonde hair that fell a few inches below her shoulders.  Her skin was flawless and smooth.  Her breasts were held in a light pink bra that did a great job of adding to her cleavage.
As I admired this, she kept a smile on her face and looked me in the eyes.
"You like?" she asked sweetly.
"OMG!  Do I ever?" I replied in a raspy voice.
"Good!" She said happily.  "Here comes the rest!"
She arched her body and reached behind her and undid the clasp of the bra.
She did the tease.  It must be instinctual to women.  She let the staps fall down her shoulders until her arms, one at a time, slipped free.  Then she held the cups in front of her for a moment.  Then she let the bra fall to the floor.
Breasts.  Oh shit, I was looking at breasts!  Amazing breasts.  So full and with pink nipples just begging for me to take into my mouth and suckle on.  
She giggled and shook them.  She cupped them in both hands and presented them to me.  She ran her fingers across the stiffened nipples.
"Nice?" She questioned.
"More than nice," I said breathlessly.  "they're perfect!"
"Thank you, I love my titties. I wish I could show them to everyone! " she said proudly.  "Now you get to see the rest!"
She reached over and unsnapped the button on her denim shorts and see-sawed them down her hips and then slid them down her legs, kicking them off of her feet.
Naked.  Naked girl.  Naked woman.  Pussy.
I was going to melt away into the sofa.  I was lost in the shock of the moment.  
Then she turned around.
Oh wow!  The backside was just as beautiful, tanned, and smooth as the rest of her.
She turned back to face me, and stepped forward, leaning down toward me, her breasts full and hanging down.
She put her hand right onto my crotch and squeezed my cock.
"Unhhhh!" I thrust my hips upward, pressing against her hand and came hard and fast!  She held my cock in her hand as my cock pulsed and pulsed and I shot my load in my shorts.
"Oh my gosh! I, no!" I uttered.  
She just laughed and smiled.  "I'll take that as a compliment!" she said as she released me.
She ran down the hall and I sat there admiring the jiggling of her ass as she did it.  She came back with a box of tissue and tossed them to me.
"Pull your shorts down and clean that up!" she said with a laugh.
I was still in a daze, breathing hard and staring at her naked, flawless body.  She walked over to look down the stairway to check on her Mother, then she slowly sauntered back over to me.
"I love being naked!" she said in a whisper.  She walked over and stood right in front of the window, letting the sun shine on her chest.
She turned and looked at me and smiled.
"Aren't you going to clean up?" she said again.
"Oh, yeah," I muttered absently.  
I began to stuff the tissue down my pants but she interrupted with her instructions.  "No! You have to take it out and do it right!"
So I unzipped and raised my ass and slid my shorts down.  I slid my boxer briefs down a bit and exposed my still thick, but cum-covered cock.
"You've got a nice one!" she said as she bounced over and sat on the sofa next to me.  She curled one leg under the other and her chin was resting on her knee.  I could see her pussy.  I had only seen them in magazines.  Hers was a bright pink and I could see the dampness on her lips.
She waited until I'd wiped myself clean, and then she reached over and softly touched my cock.  She worked her fingers lightly along the shaft and rubbed her thumb across the sensitive head.
I jumped when she did that, so of course, she did it again.  In seconds, I was hard and throbbing.
"Did I do that?" she asked teasingly.
"You did that.  You also were the cause of me shooting off in my pants!" I told her.
Her cell phone rang at that moment.  Jamie was going to be another thirty minutes late.
"Okay, no rush," she told her friend.  "I'll just get started with Joey alone."
She tossed her phone over on the sofa, met my eyes and crawled on top of my lap.
In seconds, my hard cock was sliding back and forth between her wet pussy lips.  She rocked her hips back and forth, taking my cock between her pussy lips but stopping just shy of penetration.
"We can't fuck," she whispered, "but we can get very, very close!"
I leaned forward and slipped a nipple into my mouth.  I worked on it, sucking and nibbling.  Then I went to her other nipple and did the same.
She moaned and rocked harder and harder, grinding her clit along the length of my cock.  Soon, she was moving her hips so fast that her orgasm soon rippled through her.  She froze in place for a second as the tremors shook her body. 
"I love being naked and I love this!" she growled softly in my ear.  Her body felt so fine against mine.
"You know what?" she asked me in a whisper as our eyes met.
"I think I'm a nympho," she said with a short giggle.  Then she gave me a serious look and her gaze found my eyes.  She smiled and then she slipped downward, adjusting the angle until my hard cock slid deep inside of her.
"Ohhhh!" she moaned.  "I shouldn't have done that!"
She looked at me and smiled as another spasm shook her body. I hadn't come yet from her pussy rubbing my cock, but now that I've slipped into the moist heat of her pussy, I was ready to shoot.
"Amy," I warned her.  "I'm going to cum!"
"No, wait!" she yelled as her trembling body shook again.  Then she slowly withdrew and dropped to her knees.  She grabbed my cock in her hands and pumped it about ten times and I was shooting my cum on my thighs and a few drops on her face.
She held my cock until it had softened completely, then she let it go.  Strings of cum were holding onto her hand and my cock and we watched as they broke, one by one.  
She grabbed the box of tissues and we spent a few awkward moments cleaning up.  Then, she smiled, got up and grabbed her clothes and headed to the bathroom.  
When Jamie arrived, we were back at the table working on the project.  She gave us a quizzical look and I could actually see her nose flaring a bit as if she smelled something.  She sat down and we began working on our projects.  We gave it another hour and then wrapped it up as best as we could.
The next day in class, the teacher decided to give us two extra days as everyone was a bit frustrated.  Jamie and Amy agreed to go back to Amy's house that afternoon.  
As class was ending, we gathered up our things and were walking out together.  Amy and Jamie were whispering together as we walked.  They stopped just outside of the door and turned to me. 
Amy had a big smile on her face as Jamie leaned over and whispered into my ear, "Do you want to see me naked?"


