She sat in her booth trying not to cry. You would think she would be used to the odd stares and sneering remarks, considering what she did for a living, but alas, she was only human after all, with all that that entails. She had been working the freak show ever since she hit puberty. She' d had no choice if she wanted to live after her family had abandoned her. It wasn't all that bad really; she had all her fellow freaks for friends.
She was never so glad to see Yvonne, as she was today. She had endured the scathing remarks, rude prods, and lecherous pokes from a predominantly male audience as usual, but] she was feeling sorely abused. She was glad the show was closed for the night; she didn't think she could handle even one moment more than she had. Why today should feel any different then the unending procession of previous days she didn't know, but nonetheless.... it was.
She headed to the woods behind the big tent for her evening walk in the woods. It had been a muggy day and she was feeling uncomfortable so the little stream down the path seemed like just the thing. She stripped out of her simple sarong and dove into the stream, savoring the simple pleasure of the water's velvet touch upon her skin. She so loved the peace she gained from the misty forest every night. It always helped erase the dirty feeling of being on display all day.
She swam a while hoping to wear herself out. She wanted to sleep peacefully tonight. She didn't want to dream... Oh, the dreams were truly lovely, but they served as a constant reminder of the things she would never have; mainly a man to love her as she was and whom she could love in return...
She pulled her wet, glistening body from the water's loving caress and laid upon the grassy bank to stare at the stars above. She wasn't concerned that any would bother her.... most found her form disgusting. Besides the other freaks avoided this portion of the forest due to some strange superstition they had. She thought they were all silly but didn't complain, that just meant her solitude would be guaranteed. She had never had any eerie encounters here. In fact it is was the exact opposite, as though she was always welcome...

He watched from the confines of his earthen home. He had spent nearly
a thousand years trapped on this planet full of unforgiving beings.
He missed the warm touch of a lover and the infinite pleasures to be
had during copulation. He had thought to end his miserly existence
until she came...
He had watched her grow from adolescent into a beautiful woman. A
woman to be touched in love not despised for her difference. He didn't
understand how she managed to blossom under such harmful conditions.
Always laughed and pointed at, while being discussed as if she were a
non-being. He understood her need to be accepted by someone, though, he
thought she had chosen poorly.
He had seen her the first time as she ran to the stream crying soul-wrenching sobs. It had been her first day on display and she had been too tender hearted to ignore the things said and done to her. That was the first time he went to her. That night while she lay sleeping, he had slipped into her adolescent dreams to become the friend she
dreamed she had. It had been the first time he had been touched willingly in a thousand years. He had been sorely tempted to drag her off to his cave and keep her, but he had realized she was too young for what he wanted, so he watched and waited, biding his time.
He had started his "haunting" again once he realized she came to the
forest for peace. He made sure none disturbed her while he protected
her from afar. He had decided on her 16th year that she was for him
and he had steadfastly scared any of the male freaks that tried to
follow for a sample of what was his.
He wondered if she realized that this was her 18th year. He had
visited her dreams every night since his first invasion and had
gleaned much about her. He had become all her fantasies, all her
needs, while he waited in frustration for her to reach maturity. He
would bind her to him and keep her with him always.
So he watched and waited until her body was ready and he could claim
his prize and hopefully win her heart in the process.... He knew she
loved him already, though she assumed he was a figment of her
imagination. Only time would tell how she really felt once he claimed
her

She waited impatiently for the last of the gawkers to leave so Yvonne could close for the night. She was uncomfortable and needed to cool off. Her body seemed to have developed some inner fever lately and nothing seemed to relieve it except the coolness of the stream and even then it only cooled it marginally.
She ran through the forest stripping as she went. As she neared the stream, her pace increased. It wasn't long before she was diving headlong into the stream. She was so tired and cranky she nearly took the head off of a youth who had come in this evening. The young man had the unmitigated audacity to tweak her genitals. She had felt violated by his touch, dirty and soiled. She wanted to crawl out her skin. She didn't understand what was wrong with her. Things like that happened all the time; it was always upsetting to her, but never to the degree she had felt today.
She swam in the cool water keeping her mind blank as she tried to rid her body of the strange heaviness that had settled in the pit of her stomach this past month. She had tried relieving herself once she accidentally discovered touching herself lessened the deep-seated ache, but today it didn't work. No matter how many times she searched out that part of her anatomy, nothing relieved the hollowness. She was painfully engorged, achingly empty, and she now understood, thanks to the insensitive youths, that she needed more.........
He peered at her through the opening in the cave and smiled in triumph. At last she was ready! He inhaled her scent and felt his semi arousal burn into extreme arousal.
He had visited her physically the night of her 18th year while she slept. He had entered her dream, making sure she was well and truly under before leaning over and swiping the inside of her mouth with his tongue. He nearly took her as she slept while he let the enzymes from his saliva swell and begin the assault on the cells of her body, imprinting his DNA upon hers.
He had wanted to posses her that night but had decided to let her body accept his marking first. He wanted to be sure she would accept him when the time came. Forcing himself to wait had been a test to his self-discipline, but in the end he was sure his restraint would be rewarded.
Her body was ripe, ready for his pleasure and the completion of the mating bond. He hadn't been sure she would exhibit any of the symptoms women of his species did, but he reasoned with her similarity to his race, she most likely would. Sniffing the air again and the way she was acting, told him quite plainly that he had been correct. She was in need and none would be able to sooth her but him. It filled him with excitement to know his lonely eternity was at an end.
He left his hiding place, making his way steadily closer. His phallus swelled, weeping with anticipation as he neared. The walls of his Vagium quivered in joy, and his tickler pulsed in demand. She needed him... May the Gods have pity on any that tried to interfere because he wouldn't! He had waited patiently all these years and his penance was at an end.

She pulled herself from the icy stream, lying upon the grassy bank. Her body throbbed with a need she didn't know how to appease. She moaned as the wind stirred the grass upon which she lay. The cool, green blades tickled her penis and vagina, making her writhe in misery. The sensation was painfully pleasant, intensifying the achy emptiness tenfold. She wanted to roll over and rub her burning flesh against the cool silkiness of the earth, yet to do so would only sharpen the frustration.
With shameful tears in her eyes, she gripped her breasts with her cold hands; squeezing and pulling the soft flesh, letting the wind carry away her needy cries. She was truly pathetic! Despite the heart wrenching shame, she continued her manipulations. Working her fingers over the turgid nipples, she gasped with fleeting relief. The hard twists and pinches only satisfied momentarily. There was no help for her. She was an abomination...who would want her? Who could ever love her? No wonder her parents threw her away.
Moving her hands down between her legs, she clutched her shaft in one hand before seeking the slippery, wet opening with the other. She sighed with the fleeting pleasure. The grip of her hand close to the base.... squeezing, stroking rhythmically was soothing but still not enough. Was there no end to the torment?! In desperate misery, she traced her fingers through the slippery folds of her heated entrance, letting the probing fingers enter as deeply as they could. This she felt certain would end the painful void but her fingers weren't thick enough, nor did they go as far as she felt they would have to. Even as she moaned with pleasure she was sobbing...Still not enough................

As he moved closer his tickler began to vibrate as it emitted his scent. His phallus and tickler were both erect and throbbing as he reached her. He masked his presence, watching with excitement as she pleasured herself. She was magnificent! She was as beautiful as any female from his world. His tickler danced again, letting out a cloud of scent, preparing her for his claiming. All was as it should be.... she belonged to him.

Lost in her misery, she had closed her eyes in hopes of drowning out everything but the sensations she was giving to herself. Logically, she knew it wouldn't matter, the incessant ache would never go away, but she had to try anyway. No use! It was no use! Releasing herself, she let her hands fall to the ground and curled into a ball. Thoughts of ending it danced in her mind... All she would need to do was let the icy depths of the stream suck out her breath and refill her lungs with its cold. The thought once planted grew... No more pain, no more misery. No more insensitive gawkers, snickering and laughing, as they pointed and prodded...Why hadn't she thought of it before? What did she have worth staying for? Prepared to answer the call she rolled to get up then froze.
What was that beautiful smell... warm... gooey... It was chocolate with a hint of mint. She inhaled deeply... Immediately her body's temperature raised at least three notches. She opened her eyes and screamed. Standing before her was a man...the man in her dreams!
Why she was certain he meant her no ill she couldn't say, but it was true nonetheless. He seemed peaceful and calm...smiling at her as he had every night since she was 15. She could feel nothing dangerous from him. Was he real?
Slowly getting to her feet she moved closer to him, timidly reaching out to touch him... He was solid. Her fear forgotten, she let her eyes roam over him. His beauty took her breath away. Had her mind shattered? Had she gone insane? If he was an illusion she hoped never to return to reality.
She marveled at their similarities even as she wondered at their differences. He, like her, had two sets of genitals yet he had an odd appendage she didn't think any other man had. She wondered at its purpose even as she realized it was the source of the delicious scent. As she peered closer however she noticed an important difference... his anatomy was the mirror image of her own. Needing to touch him to believe, she reached her hand out...

He waited for her to reach him. The look in her eyes was one of sheer hunger and he relished the sight he thought never to see. She was his, lock, stock, and barrel. No one would be able to take her from him now.
He watched and waited as she looked at his body. He could tell she was surprised to see he was like her. It was expected... she was a rarity in this world, one that most abhorred, they couldn't see the treasure they had in her. This species were an ignorant lot and he hated them all for it. They could not see the heart for the shell. Blind they were, one and all but not him... He knew what she was for and he would keep her for himself. The others didn't deserve such bounty.
He spread his limbs so she could look her fill at him. He needed her to be comfortable with his body. He hissed his pleasure as she fingered him. He hadn't been touched in so long... His hips bucked hard against her probing hands as she stroked his phallus and tugged on the tickler. She was going to kill him!! If He weren't careful, he would waste his seed on the ground before he could sample her.

She watched in amazement as his two penises; One large and heavy, the other small and slender covered in some strange gelatinous substance. She inhaled deeply once more and was overcome with the need to taste the strange appendage. Did it taste as well as it smelled? What was its use? Why was it covered like that? Dropping to her knees, she moved in closer, drugged with a strange intoxication. Some how she knew he would make it all better...

He watched in anticipation as she lowered her mouth to the tickler. It made his heart sing. Her body had recognized his as her match; the call of his tickler was the proof he needed. She was drawn to it and he had to fight to keep himself from forcing her mouth over it. It had to be her choice; once she tasted him she could never choose another.... He groaned as she darted her tongue out and tasted his lube. When she latched onto it and started sucking in earnest, he lost his control.
She was his and he would claim her now..............

He pushed her to the ground so suddenly she lost her breath. Before she could gain it back, he was on her. He licked her nipples one after the other ravenously. He had waited so long to taste her; it was hard for him to take his time. He didn't want to frighten her with his need, yet he didn't want to give her the time to change her mind. Slowing down a bit to keep her interested, he sucked in one fleshy globe. He took his time, paying homage to it while he continued to pluck at her other breast. He wanted her to enjoy his claiming, as much as he would enjoy claiming her. He planned to make certain she enjoyed intimate play as much as he knew he would. Feeling her relax beneath him, he slowly let his free hand roam over her delicate torso. Releasing the breast he had been fondling to show the other pouty globe the same appreciation, he let his roaming fingers caress over her most heated portion.
She was so tender, so beautiful; he barely knew how to express his appreciation. The need to feel every bit of his bride, to mark her flesh as his own, was an awesome force, but he had to go slow. This would be her first experience with a male and he wanted it to be memorable to her.
Stroking his hand over her penis, he cupped it gently. By the gasp of pleasure she emitted, he was assured she was into it. With each down stroke of his hand he allowed his fingers to lightly tease her. With each mewling cry of pleasure she released, he grew bolder until finally he entered her silken sheath. He could tell by her excited cry that she had enjoyed the feel of his thick fingers. Things were progressing beautifully. It wouldn't be too much longer before she would accept him wholly into her body. It was his duty as her mates to guarantee her readiness. With his purpose cemented in his mind, he set about preparing her body.

She moaned at the dual pleasures, not sure which felt better. She gasped, moaning with the strange sensations his mouth on her breast garnered even as she screamed as she writhed beneath his invading fingers. She didn't know whether she wanted to move closer to this strange man or pull away from him. What he was doing didn't hurt; it felt good, but strange at the same time. She had never experienced such emotions before. She could feel a strange heaviness settling in her belly and lower places, that seemed to grow larger with each jerk and stroke of his mouth and hand, it made her nervous but she couldn't seem to want it to go away..........

He kissed his way down her body nipping and licking as he went. When he reached her pleasure zone, he sucked her swollen shaft into his mouth even as he continued to pump his fingers inside her molten core. As her juices dripped down to her delicate rear he swirled his free fingers in her cream before slowly inserting them into the small puckered rosebud. He held on tightly to her as nearly threw him off of her in her nervous shock.

His fingers seemed to move independently inside her. She was close to
swooning with the intense pleasure. When he increased the suction on her penis she threw her head back with a low scream. She had never felt such a thing! Her scream became long and drawn out as he increased the depth of his fingers thrusting inside her. She screamed with the pleasure certain he had somehow able to increase the length and width of his fingers.

He was pleased with the way she was jerking her hips, thrusting helplessly in time to the rhythm he had set. She was close to exploding he knew so he let his body take over. His teeth lengthened and sharpened preparing to initiate her into his love. Once he was certain she was consumed with the pleasure of his enlarged fingers, he pierced her shaft. He smiled as she screamed as she climaxed with both organs simultaneously.
He growled his pleasure as her juices mixed with her blood to fill his mouth. He sucked her until she had no more to give. He licked the wound he had created and released her from his mouth. He stared down at her, watching the beauty of her face as she writhed in ecstasy. He had never seen anything more erotic and it gave him pleasure to know he was the source of her pleasure.
Smiling ferally, he mounted her....

She was unprepared for what happened next. She had dreamed this over and over, but thought it a impossibility. He aligned their bodies and chanted over her. She frowned in confusion, wondering at his words, but quickly lost all coherent thought as he engulfed her. Simultaneously her penis was forced inside his Vagium, his phallus impaled her vagina, and his tickler impaled her rear entrance. Once they were joined completely, he finished the ritual words before letting his teeth lengthen to pierce his tongue.
He let his life essence fill his mouth while the enzymes in his tongue swelled and mixed with his essence. He looked at her once more before thrusting forward so forcefully that she opened her mouth to scream. He fused his mouth to hers, forcing his essence into her mouth, waiting patiently for her to swallow. This was the most important thing for her to do; else she would die before him, leaving him behind to go insane.
He waited until she had swallowed enough before letting his wound close and his loving begin. She would change on the inside, becoming his receptacle. This night would bring forth new life and she would have to be matched to him in order to survive. He would not loose his mate or his child. She needed love, he needed love and together they would find their happiness.  
He noticed the change in her scent and smiled his satisfaction. He moved slowly in and out while her shaft moved in and out of him. They moaned their pleasure as he continued to thrust. In and out softly at first, than increasing, expressing the depth of his feelings with every joining.

OOh! The feeling of his body sucking her sensitive penis in was truly awesome! And the feel of both of his cocks inside her separate entrances was bliss. In and out he went, as she thrust against him. She never wanted it to end! It was so beautiful! His soft warm folds clutching her lovingly as her body clung and sucked at his two appendages was a feeling out of this world!
He increased the tempo, pounding into her as she pounded into him. She screamed with the pleasure of her cum spurting inside him.... the pleasure of him spurting violently into her. His sperm was so hot inside her, she was certain she would melt away to nothing, but she didn't care! She wanted him to continue to grind into her, never to leave her body! Not sure how to express the strong feelings he caused, she wrapped her body as tightly around his as she could, holding him to her as if her life depended upon it.

His Vagium clenched tightly around her cock, demanding another bath of her soothing cum. He watched in pleasure to see her surprise, as her penis answered his Vagium's demand, spurting into him with such force he thought she was going to pass out.
He felt the life that began to grow inside her and smiled. He had a family and they would be with him forever. He made slow love to her again and again throughout the night. Near dawn he lifted her into his arms and brought her home. He would explain all to her once she was rested...
She would need him always now; his cum had ensured her body was addicted to his. She would never leave him, for her body would not allow it. His body would always be ready when she needed him but refuse to work for any other. Such was the way of his world. It was their species' way of insuring fidelity between a mated pair. None would satisfy either ever again.
Who says there isn't someone special for everyone?