How Daddy and I Became Nudist and More
by Nudemac
Copyright© 2021 by Nudemac

I’m 20 and live with my dad. I want to relay how we became nudists. It didn’t happen overnight. It was a gradual process that started when I was a little girl. Mom and dad have always slept naked. I have vague memories of running into their bedroom early in the morning and getting in bed with them. I can still see daddy getting out of bed naked and going to the bathroom to wash up for the day. Often, especially on weekends and sometimes in the evening, daddy just wore his robe and nothing else. Many times it was untied, and he was exposed. I can still hear mom telling him to tie it up.

All that changed when I was in the first grade. Mom had taken me to school along with my baby brother and dropped me off. That was the last time I saw mom and my baby brother. On the way home, they were hit by an oncoming car, and both died instantly. My dad came to the school and took me home. He told me mommy and little Teddy had gone to heaven to be with grandma. Even at that young age, I understood what he was telling me.

Life continued at home almost the same as before, except that, daddy now worked from home more than before. Every morning he would wake me to get ready for school. Often the both of us would be using the bathroom at the same time. We saw each other naked, which I never really gave much thought to since, for me, it was just how things were.

When I was ten, things changed. My body was changing; I wasn’t a skinny flat chested little girl anymore. My body had started to round out. I hadn’t yet reached puberty. I was flat-chested but had tiny booby knobs, and my hips were fuller, more rounded, and feminine-looking. I had also grown taller. My PJ no longer fit. They were tight across the top.

I remember walking to the kitchen naked with my PJ in my hands to tell daddy it didn’t fit anymore. He looked at it and said we would go Saturday to get a new one. I thought about it and said, I didn’t want a new one. I want to sleep naked like you.” He shrugged his shoulders and said, “OK, cool beans.”. And that was how I started sleeping naked.

Daddy did buy me a new robe, which I would wear after showering in the evening and the mornings before dressing for school. We both usually ate breakfast together in our robes. Like daddy, my robe was often untied, and just like him, I didn’t bother to close it. Neither of us ever said anything to each other about it. It was just how it was. No big deal if we saw each other’s naked body.

Just before I turned 12, I started puberty. First, the peach fuss on my pubic mound grew, and within a week or so, it thickened and got darker. It did not pass unnoticed by daddy. He suggested I start wearing undies or, at the very least, keep my robe tied. I said, “Why? You don’t keep yours tied.”

He looked at me and said, “I know, but you are starting to get boobs and hair down there. Maybe it’s time to start covering up a bit.”

I looked at him and said, “You have hair down there, lots of hair and on your stomach, chest, and legs too, and you don’t cover up. Why do I have to?” He didn’t say anything. Instead, he just nodded his head, and that was it. Nothing more was ever said about it.

A couple of years later during one of the droughts, the summer was sweltering and hotter than I could remember. We didn’t have air conditioning, but we did have ceiling fans, which helped. Still, the heat was uncomfortable. It was a Saturday morning and already hot. Daddy and I had eaten breakfast and were in the living room. The ceiling fan was on high, I was watching TV, and he was reading the newspaper. I don’t know what possessed me, but I stood up and took my robe off. I sat back down on the floor, completely naked. Daddy looked at me and asked me why I took my robe off. I said, “It’s too hot.” and he said I was right, and he too took his robe off and sat back down in his easy chair completely naked too. We spent the rest of that day naked. It didn’t seem weird or strange. It wasn’t like we had not seen each other naked before. We ate dinner and afterward watch TV together before going to bed.

The following day still naked, I went to the kitchen, and there was daddy, naked, pouring himself a cup of coffee. He saw me and smiled. “I guess we are going to spend another hot day naked together.” I just smiled back and said, “Yea, I guess we are.”

Even though I had seen daddy naked many times, being naked with him all day was different. I liked it very much and didn’t want it to end. Later that afternoon, we were playing checkers, and I asked him if at home, we could stay naked all the time. He thought about it for a minute or two and said he didn’t see anything wrong with it but did tell me it had to be our secret and we had to wear clothes when my friends came over. I smiled and said, “Cool beans, let’s do it.”

Daddy and I have been living naked at home ever since. Nothing out of the ordinary happened. I didn’t think it strange or weird being naked with my dad. I honestly did not see a naked man. I only saw my daddy.

That changed when I had sex, for the first time, with one of my HS classmates. It wasn’t really “real” sex. We were kissing, and he was feeling me up. He pulled my panties off and was rubbing his hand all over my pussy. I undid his pants, and he pulled them down below his knees. Boy, was I in for a surprise. I was expecting to see a cock like daddy’s, but instead, I saw this BIG hard cock. I had never seen an erect penis before, not even on daddy. I had no idea they could do that. He had me lay back and pushed my skirt up, exposing my pussy. He knelt between my legs and started to lick my pussy. It felt weird but good all at the same time. After a few minutes, he stood up and knelt over me. Aiming his cock toward my mouth and at the same time telling me to suck on it. I opened my mouth, and he shoved his cock in, making me gag. I grabbed it with my hand and pulled it away. Then, I heard him say, “Yea, that’s it, rub your hand up and down on it.” I did that for what seemed like ages but was probably only seconds before he shot his cum all over my face, hair, and blouse. I didn’t know what to do. He pulled his pants back up, took my undies with him, and left. I wiped as much cum off me as I could, then ran home.

I saw daddy working on his computer. He looked up at me and saw I had been crying. He rushed over and asked me what happened. I told him everything. He said he would talk to the boy and make sure he didn’t tell anyone about what happened. He also wanted to get my panties back.

I went to the bathroom and showered. When I got out, daddy was gone. About an hour later, daddy came home and handed me my panties. I watched as he undressed. I had never “truly seen daddy naked” until now. For the first time, I noticed how muscular he was. I also noticed his chest hair, his pubes, his hairy legs, his ass, his balls, and his flaccid penis. I looked at him, realizing I had indeed never truly seen him naked before. I couldn’t stop staring at him. I felt embarrassed being naked in front of him. I ran to my room crying and shut the door.

A few minutes later, daddy knocked on the door and asked if he could come in. I had pulled the bed cover over me and called out that it was OK to go in. I stared at his naked body as he walked up to me and sat next to me.

“Wanna talk about what you’re feeling?” he said.

Daddy, I feel so embarrassed seeing you naked and being naked with you. He smiled at me and said he thought he understood. He told me I had discovered sex, and now I was seeing him in a different light. He also told me it had not changed anything between us. He said he was sorry that my first experience with sex was so upsetting for me and said I should not be embarrassed or ashamed about what happened. He blamed himself for not talking to me more about sex and told me that he was there for me and that I could speak to him about sex and ask him anything I wanted to know about sex. He hugged me and left. I laid in my bed, my mind swirling with tons of unformed questions.

The next few days passed without incident. That Friday night, as we finished dinner and while we were washing the dishes, I asked daddy why Charlie’s penis was so different from his. He looked at me and asked, “Different? In what way?”

I told him Charlie’s penis was big, long and stiff, not soft and small like his. He laughed and said to me that it was because Charlie had an erection. He then asked if I remembered our chat about the birds and bees when I was 11. He asked me if I remember him telling me how boys put their penis inside a girl’s pussy, deposit their sperm, also called cum, to make a baby? I told him yes, I remembered. He then explained that to do that, the boy’s penis needed to get bigger and longer and stiffer so it could slip inside a pussy easier. He said it was tough to get a soft penis inside a pussy.

“Daddy, does your penis get erect?” He looked at me and said, “Yes, it does, every day.”

“When? I’ve never seen it erect, “I exclaimed. “That’s because you usually are not around when it happens and because I since don’t have a pussy to put it in, I relieve myself of my cum by masturbating.”

“Sperm? Cum? Is that the stuff Charlie got all over me?” I asked. “Yes,” he said.

We finished the dishes and went to the living room to watch the evening news. I sat next to daddy with his arm around my shoulder. His hand was gently touching my boob. Instead of watching the news, I was looking at his penis—it was hanging down between his legs. I could see it sticking out from his thick pubic hair. Without thinking, I looked at him and asked him if I could see his erection.

He turned the TV off and asked me why I wanted to see it. I didn’t know what to answer other than I just wanted to see it. He thought about it for a minute and said, “If I show it to you, you can never tell anyone I let you see my erection. You understand that?” “Yes.” I nodded silently nodded.

“Do you want to see it here or in your bedroom or mine?” he asked. “Here.” I managed to say.

He then scooted down away from me, far enough to lift his left leg over the back of the sofa and drop his right leg to the floor. I was sitting maybe 2 feet away from him. He asked me to scoot closer, which I did. He then took his cock in his hand and started to rub it up and down his cock. I watched in awe as his cock grew bigger and bigger. I couldn’t help noticing how hairy his balls were and how much hair he had around his anus. Finally, he stopped stroking it and holding it up from the base said, “Take a good look at it.” It was big and very thick. I instinctively reached up and grabbed it. My fingers could barely encircle it. I pulled it towards me to see it better. It felt hard yet warm and soft in my hand.

“Whoa there!” he said, “You said you wanted to look at it, not hold it.”

I didn’t want to let go of it. “It looks so much bigger than Charlie’s,”

I could feel it throbbing. Daddy didn’t make any effort to dislodge my hand.

“Can you make it shoot your cum?” I asked. “Yes, I can, or even better yet, if you want to, you can make me cum.”

“How?” I asked. “Spit on it and rub it up and down. If you need to, you can use both hands.”

I did as he said, and with both hands, I stroked his cock until I felt it stiffen up even more. Daddy was moaning softly and saying, “Yea, that’s good, baby girl, just like that. Yea.” I stroked it more. I saw the head flare out, and then his cum shot out. OMG, it flew high and landed on my hands, arms, and daddy’s stomach. When his cum shot out, daddy let out a loud moan. He was out of breath and took a few seconds to recover.

“OMG, I needed that,” he said, laughing a bit. “You know, every night after you go to bed, I do it myself. It’s nice having someone else do it for me,” he said smiling at me.

He reached down and took my cum covered right hand and licked all the cum off it. “Does it taste good?” I asked.

“It’s not bad tasting, just different. You want to taste it?” he asked me. I nodded yes, and he said, lick it off your other hand. He was right. It wasn’t bad tasting at all. It had a pleasant musky odor, and it tasted a bit salty, but I liked it.

“If you want more, you can lick it off my cock.” he said, holding his still erect penis in my direction. I did want more and eagerly started to lick his cock up and down on all sides. When it was clean and shiny, I opened my mouth and took as much of his cock into it. Daddy reached down, placed his hand on either side of my head, moving my head up and down. I heard him say, “Suck it going up and down.” I did that until my jaw started to ache from being so wide open. I stopped and said, “My jaw hurts.” Daddy didn’t say anything; he just giggled a bit.

“When Charlie was licking your pussy, did you have an orgasm?” I told him I didn’t think so, that I wasn’t sure. “You want to have an orgasm?” he asked. I nodded yes.

He sat up and pushed me onto my back. He then told me to open my legs wide. Daddy eyed my exposed pussy. He reached down and rubbed his fingers all over it before pulling my pussy lips open. He then laid down with his face up near my pussy. I could feel his breath on my pussy. He sniffed it, and then I felt his tongue licking it.

I felt different from how Charlie did it. Daddy knew where to use his tongue, his mouth, his breath. It felt terrific. I closed my eyes and let him savor every millimeter of my pussy. It didn’t take long for me to reach an orgasm, then another and another. I was arching my back, moaning loudly.

When daddy finally stopped, he sat up, his face all wet and shiny. He smiled at me and asked me if I liked it. “Oh yes,” I said. He licked my pussy again for what seemed like hours. I’d never had experienced anything like that before. I didn’t want him to stop.

When he finished, he pulled me off the couch, and together we laid in each other’s arms on the floor. I must have fallen asleep because Daddy was sitting on the couch looking at me when I woke up. I got up and straddled his legs facing him. He looked at me and reminded me it was our secret. No one else should ever know about it. I softly said, “ Yes.”

“Little girl, if there is anything more you want me to show you or teach you, just let me know.”

He winked at me and said, “Remember, practice makes perfect.”

Ever since then, daddy and I have practiced daily, sometimes 2 or 3 times a day. He has taught me everything he knows about sex.
