This story contains mature content and is intended for the exclusive use of consenting ADULTS ONLY. If you can be offended by pornographic descriptions, or if you are a minor,Under the age of 18, it is illegal and forbidden to view, download, access or acquire this file by any means.
                   Please go do something else.
This material is Copyright, 2009  by cookiesncream925.  All rights reserved.  I specifically grant the right of downloading and keeping ONE electronic copy for your personal, non commercial use and reading so long as this notice is included.  Reposting requires previous permission and is only allowed IN ITS ENTIRETY, including this copyright notice. Any other use is illegal without the prior written consent of the author.

All persons here depicted, except public figures depicted as public figures in the background, are figments of my imagination and any resemblance to persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.


Halloween Treats
Chapter 3
The movie was just ending and the children started to stir while picking up their loot and getting ready to leave. Most of the adults had been standing around in the kitchen during the movie simply, chatting while the kids watched the movie.  One of the fathers, who obviously hadn't wanted to be there but did so at most likely the nagging of his wife, had gotten a little deep into the bourbon and had a slight slur to his speech.  His wife told him to straighten up and not make a fool of himself as it was time to go.  In his drunken state he slurred and said that he agreed as it was time for him to "get a little" this naturally got him a quick slap and comment from his wife that "it would be a cold day in hell"  not the brightest light on the block,  he said "good cuz I've been there quite awhile already".  Not wanting a confrontation in the childrens' presense, I hurriedly ushered her and the kids to the door.  Looking back, I asked if someone would help him to the car.  The wench was leaning towards him and whispering something in his ear and I saw his eyebrows raise.
Got her and her kids to the car and as I was returning to the house a smirk grew on my face as I thought what a two faced bitch she and her daughter were and wondered why he stuck around.  I went back to the kitchen figuring I'd have to help him to the car but he was not there.  The wench was and I asked her where he was?  She simply said, "oh he's at the rack getting a little of what he can't get at home!"  I looked into her eyes, saw the sparkle and said "what are you doing?"  she non-chalanty said "he's wanted an ass fucking for a long time and now he's getting one".  
As the crowd started to thin, I saw the wench quietly whispering to a few other men that were there and subsequently saw her usher them to the corner of the maze.  
We were now down to just four couples and all of the kids were gone except for those that had retired to my daughters room for a sleep over.  
The moon had risen casting an eerie glow over the maze.  Of the men left, each one would excuse himself on the pretense of the toilet and return 10 or 15 minutes later with a sheepish grin on their face.  What none of them realized was that it was the wenches husband they had been plowing into, not the single mother that had passed out on my bed earlier.  
He was wide awake now and I unstrapped him, helped him with his pants and ushered him on his wobbly legs and his wench wife out to their car.  His head hung low, he said his jaw ached, his ass was sore and he could feel the cum dripping down his legs.  I waved my goodbyes and said "see you soon" only to hear the wench say "yes we'll be back for tomorrow nights "adult only party".  
Shit, I forgot and I'm slated for the rack.  
