The Experience
by EmmersonReid

The Experience Pt. 04

A photoshoot training session.

I step out of my panties and stand in front of the both. I had no idea what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised. They were both tall and handsome and so fit. Both looked incredibly strong as I quickly scan them both till I stop on the one is charge, I cannot stop looking at him now, he is intoxicating and knowing what he looks like is turning me on even further. Dark hair with a wave in it, deep blue eyes, a bit of a scruff on his face. He was over six feet for sure with such amazing chiseled features and fuck those arms...his muscles. I want nothing more than what he wants to do to me. 

Please, omg please enjoy me I silently beg. 

He lifts up a camera and points it towards me, the other guy has stepped back and is sitting on a stool I hadn't noticed in the room before.

He just sits there watching. 

"That outfit looks incredible on you. It hugs your body perfectly." He tells me as he pans the camera all the way up and down. "I want you to do a small modelling session first before we really get going. I am bringing in another model to shoot with you." He raises his hand up and the door unlocks and in walks the most incredibly stunning girl I have ever seen. The smell of her is nearly as incredible as her appearance. She smells like fresh air and honey dripping with citrus. She has long hair that lays straight down her back. Her green eyes feel like they are seeing everything about me. She is wearing a tight white tank top with low cut jeans with rips in them. She has gold bangles hanging from her wrists. She smirks at me sexily as she walks closer. "Hey, I'm Alice. Is this your first time? You look so adorably nervous." 

"Ummmm yes, yes it is." How can she can tell?

She gets even closer and and asks, "Sooooo I hear you also have never done anything with a girl before but you are open to it, at least that's what your applications says." 

I don't even know how to respond. Her confidence is so sexy and the smell of her is making me lose my mind. "Yeah, ummm yeah that's true." I finally manage to get out. 

She leans in closer and as she moves a few strands of hair away from my ear that have fallen out of my braid she puts her lips so close and whispers, "Just trust me, I think you are going to really like this part. I know I am going to enjoy it. My god you are so stunning." Her whispering words drip into my brain. I shudder. 

I have never really even thought about doing anything with a girl before but now...omg. It's overwhelming, I'm thinking everything but nothing at the same time because I have no clue what I am doing. 

She goes behind me and unties my wrists.

"I want you both to sit beside each other on the couch. Emmerson, angle your body straight at the camera and arch your back so your breasts come out towards the camera. 

We walk over, I'm so nervous I am not even sure how I am walking right now. She is beside me gliding across the floor with such sensual confidence. I sit down and I notice that he followed and knelt down on one knee with the camera up to his face. 

"Ok your legs need to relax. Let them fall open gently." 

I never even realized how clenched my entire body is. I hear the camera clicking over and over as he moved positions and took different angles. 

She was sitting beside me with her legs tucked up beside her toes facing away from me. Her upper body angled in close as she has pivoted it completely towards me. 

"Lean in so your forehead is on the side of her head." He gives a direction.

She listens so fast and so well she has definitely done this before because the moment the instructions left his lips she was leaning so close that my shoulder rested between her breasts pressing the tank top against her chest. Her forehead against the side of my head now, her lips must be inches from my ear. 

"Yessss, just like that. Perfect...you know how to do this."

Click, click, click.

"No don't close your eyes, keep looking directly at my camera. Good girl, you are so fucking beautiful. Ok Alice, now take your hand and put it on her knee...yeah the one closest to you. Omg you girls are perfect. You are photographing so fucking perfectly together." He says this as he lifts the camera away from his face to look at the screen at what am he has shot so far. 

She takes her soft warm hand and puts it onto my knee. "Do you trust me?" She asks. 

I swear I am quivering, "Yes."

"Good." The word good came out like she was smirking and proud of me. She starts sliding her hand off of my knee and down onto my inner thigh. My heart is so fucking loud right now. "Remember to breathe baby." She says. Omg I was holding my breath again. 

"Ok keep going. I want to see what you do and I want to capture her reactions." He is back into position again camera up. 

Her hand starts moving up higher and next thing I know it has slipped under my skirt and climbs higher till she is almost touching me. "Open your legs a little more hun." She says this and then she starts to kiss my neck. I feel her lips pressing so softly and then her wet tongue starts to touch me, making little circles with the perfect amount of pressure.  

"Yes, yes, yes this. This! This is what I wanted. Keep looking at the camera baby, omg if you could only see what your eyes are saying. So fucking hot.....You may be liking it a little too much just yet I think Em. Ok stand up both of you, you stand in front but angled a bit away from the camera so I can see your whole body." Oh fuck, was I too into it? He directs me and I listen. I stand up and face a bit away. 

"Perfect, omg the way that skirt falls over your fucking perfect ass." 

She comes up behind me and puts her right hand around me and over my breast. She starts to play with it while her left hand finds it's way to my leg again and under my skirt but she doesn't touch me there yet. I feel frozen and I look off at nothing.

"Look back at me, don't keep looking away. I need you to listen or I will have to punish you. Good behaviour is rewarded but not listening,  we can't have that ok?!" This time he speaks again with that commanding harshness, i feel like he scolds me.

"Yes, sorry sir." I look back at him as she keeps kissing my neck and licking. My god this feels so good, I cant help but picture her tongue somewhere else. I have never ever even thought about that before but omg I am now. I spread my legs apart a little more and she pulls my ass towards her jeans. 

"Fuck this is stunning. Yes, keep going girls. You are both so fucking amazing."

Click, click, click. The shutter is going off like mad. 

Every part of me is wanting more. Please keep going. Omg please don't stop. 

She stops kissing my neck and says "I'm going to see how wet you are now, are you ready?" 

Omggggg I don't even know where I am right now. "Yes, please." I manage to say in a breathy voice hardly above a whisper.

Her one hand keeps caressing my right breast, feeling my nipple through the clothing....her other hand is not holding back anymore sliding up and up and this time she reaches my lips and parts them softly sliding her fingertips between them rubbing and feeling everything...exploring every part of me before settling just beside my clit where she is making tiny firm circles. 

"Ohhhh you sweet thing, you are just drenched. I told you that you would like it." 

Oh I do, I like it. I like it so much. My knees can hardly hold me up right now and I find myself starting to softly moan.

"Ok that's enough of this pose.....you are not allowed to cum yet. I have way too much left for you. Let's try something different. Turn and face each other. 

Her hand immediately stops and she takes it out from under my pleated skirt. My pussy is throbbing with pressure and I swear I am actually dripping on the floor right now.

Omg omg omg. My head is spinning and I don't even know what is up or down. He is standing there and holding the camera, he seems so zoned in on actually taking photos. The other guy I see still sitting and watching but now I see his hand is on top of his jeans and he is rubbing himself through his pants while he watches. I wonder if the people behind the glass are doing the same thing? He is literally touching himself because of me. Omg it is such a rush to think I am making people feel good. I love it. 

We face each other and she moves in close. Again, she smells like perfection. She is so stunning and so fucking hot. I am loving these lessons, I have zero regrets about doing this. 

"Now I want you to start pulling off her little bra off of the shoulder facing the camera....and Emmerson, look at her this time and not my camera. I want your eyes close and locked on each other. I want to capture this moment. These photos are going to be perfect."

Her soft fingers are on my again and I feel her slide my little cap lace sleeve off. She pulls the fabric down lower so my breast is now out. Her fingers find my hard nipple and she starts to play with me as her other had slides around me and reaches under and grabs onto my ass. Both hands are touching me, exploring me. 

"Look at each other, I want your lips touching."

I look up at her, her lips looks like they taste amazing and I wonder what it is like kissing a girl. Before I even can imagine she grips my ass and pulls me and presses up against me and her lips touch mine. I can feel her lips, taste her, feel her tongue opening my lips and finding my tongue. Fuck I think I could almost cum just doing this. 

Click, click, click. 

"Omg girls, you are so perfect.  Put both your hands under the back of her skirt. lol I want your hands behind your back like you are restrained again. She is in control got it. Let her touch you." He then focussed back onto her, "I want you to play with her ass while you kiss her. Really play with it, explore it. Spread her cheeks open. I am going to get so many close ups. Ok go." 

She listens immediately and I feel my skirt lift. He comes over and rolls it up a bit so my entire ass is out. 

"There, just like that." 

I feel him step back and crouch down and hear the clicks again. Her hands are doing exactly what she was told to make them do. Exploring me, grabbing me, spreading my ass open for the camera all the while her tongue is dancing with mine. My hand griping my wrist and holding them behind me. 

"Omg you have the most beauty and sexy little ass hole." Then his voice shifts to across the room,  "Ok now is a perfect time, you can put that in place now." The other guy stands. Wait what? Put what in place. I pull back and start to ask what and before the entire word escapes my lips I feel a hard smack on my one cheek that was being caressed just a moment before. I yelp loudly and she says with a warning tone. "Don't pull away unless you are told you can." 

Smack. Her hand connects with my soft skin like a whip. "Do you understand?" She asks, again I am being scolded. Oh fuck my ass is stinging. I nod quickly.

I feel him reach up and run his fingers over where her hand hit me.

"Fuck those hand prints are photographing so fucking well." He says this proudly while I let out a whimper...my lip quivering. 

Her tone softens, "Remember, no complaints. Be a good girl and let me help train you. Own your mistake, learn from it, accept your punishment like a good slut." And before I could even think of saying anything her lips went back to their soft way and pressed against mine. Her hands groped my ass again and spread my cheeks open so wide. 

I didn't even know what to think. Those smacks stung and seemed to come from out of no where. But I suppose I was warned before I ever got to this room. It stung and hurt but can I confess, is it bad that I liked it? 

Before I could think much more about it I heard a plastic bottle snap open. 

"Get it nice and lubed for her. Let me get some shots of it before and while you prepare it. And you, keep her ass ready and presented for us."

She spreads my ass open as she kisses me even more firmly. What is going on, fuck wish I could ask. The I feel the coolness of something wet and rubber line pressing against my tiny hole. I pull my lips and gasp instinctively. 

"Shhhhhh just take it. Be a good girl and take it." 

"Yeah put it right up against her, now slowly press it in. I want to get photos of you pressing it slowly inside, photos of her ass opening up and wrapping around the plug till you get it deep inside her. I want to start getting her stretched and used to this so we can put something much bigger in later." I hear him guide the other guy. 

"Stop kissing, I want to hear her take it. Emmerson, look over at the camera over there and do not look away during this. Do you hear me?!" 

"Yes sir." I look over towards the camera as she keeps me pressed against her and keeps my ass cheeks spread open. 

I can feel the other guys hot fast breath pouring over my ass and he kneels behind me pressing it against my little untouched hole. 

"Good girl. Do what you're told, that's right. Let him do this, take it."  He keeps guiding me while the other guy starts to press harder and harder. 

Fuck I don't think this will fit. Omg it burns. My face scrunches and I whimper from the pain and the firm pressure. 

"Relax, re-lax. Be calm, breathe, your ass will accept it so just let it. Stop clenching and fighting it. I know it hurts but it will hurt less if you relax." She says this softly to me as I whimper more. I feel like my eyes are getting red the more it stings. Then I feel it slide inside. Omg it's in. Fuck  

"See, good girl. You did it. Now let me get some more angles. Keep playing with her ass while you kiss her again." He directs. 

I turn back, her lips reach mine and I open my mouth willingly and try to get my mind off of the sting and the burning. I feel my ass welting up a bit where her hand hit me.

That hurt. 

I had no idea how much I would like this. 

Click, click

"Fuuuuuck, yes. This is so fucking hot." He says loudly while looking at the camera again.

Alice pulls back slightly and then takes one hand and moves it over my sore red ass and down while her other hand travels down my hip and moves inward and then down to where my body parts and creates that little fold. She leans her face towards me and this time grabs hold of my lower lip between her teeth and she bites down gentle while her fingertips slide between that fold and her soft fingers spread my lips open. 

She keeps kissing and biting onto me all the while making those amazing small circles with her fingertips on and beside my swollen clit. I can feel some drips from me start to roll down my inner thighs. She stops kissing me and adjusts her position to she can keep playing with my oh so wet pussy and move her other hand to right over that plug now deep in my ass. 

Omg I don't think I am ready yet, not yet. Let it settle for a bit, that was so much pressure I think but I dare not pull away. I let her do what she wants to while the camera keeps clicking and the other ones keep filming. And while they all keep watching. 

Relax, relax right? It's less if I just relax and let it happen. Omg here we go, fuck. She starts to press it deeper when I thought it was as deep as it could be. 

"I'm going to get you more used to this ok? Because later..." her face explodes with an almost devilish grin, " later something by much bigger and far less forgiving is going to play there." 

What did I sign up and agree to?!


The Experience Pt. 05

They teach her more and make her beg for it.

"I want you to go over to that bench and get on all fours. Arch that back and stick that pretty ass of yours high up." She nods over to the bench by the foot of the bed. 

I feel frozen. Seconds go by, they feel like minutes. I focus on a drop that has now made it all the way to my knee. Fuck I have never been so wet. 

"Don't make me tell you again. Move. You are not hired to just stand there." She nods again to the bench.

Fuck legs, work. Walk. MOVE. 

I finally turn around and walk quickly over to the bench. I climb onto it. It seems a lot lower to the ground than an average bench. It is short too, so short so that my ass has no where to go but way up on the air. I hardly fit on this, my hands have to curl down over the edge while my feet hang off the other end. 

"Arch more, there you go. Fuck your ass is so beautiful baby." He speaks again as I feel his hands grab onto my hips and tilt me to an uncomfortable height.  "yeah, there you go sweetheart. Now I want you to grip that edge and really hang on. I am disappointed because you didn't listen fast enough back there did you?" 

Why didn't I walk when I was told to? I think park of me was frozen but maybe part was curious what would happen if I delayed? 

"No sir, I didn't. I'm sorry." My voice doesn't even sound like my own at this point. 

"No you didn't. Now part of me thinks you don't understand that this isn't a game. This experience isn't cheap for me, for Alice or for Levi, you don't even want to know how much it is for those just watching. And baby you have a full house behind there, every booth is booked and filled and paid for. They deserve better than that" 

"I am so sorry. I promise I'll be good, I promise to behave." I am almost begging now. 

"You are about to find out that there are consequences. Now hold on, get a good grip and don't you dare fucking move that ass away. Do you understand?!" His voice meant only business now. Being told what to do like that, fuck I cannot even tell you how that makes me feel. 

"I understand sir." I try to say it with confidence but I am pretty sure it sounds like I am about to cry. 

"Good." 

What is going to happen?! I have never been spoken to that way in my life. Fuck that was so hot but I am beyond nervous now. I want to stay, I want to keep going, I want this, I want..... 

SLAP!  

Oh fuck!!!! The smack lurches me forward and I nearly loose my grip. I scramble to get a better hold and to stay in position. 

My ass cheek feels like it is on fire, actual fire! 

SLAP!

Omg my eyes fill, I hold back.

SLAP! 

Omggggggg it hurts so much that my ass is almost starting to feel numb. 

I feel his hand land on me softly now...slowly caressing where the heat is. The soft touch is making it feel so much better. 

"Omg your ass looks so fucking good red, so fucking good. Levi, get some close ups on camera." 

I feel so exposed but so turned on. I never in my wildest dreams thought that this would be a thing for me. A thing that gets me drenched, pulsing inside. Wanting.

As much as my ass is stinging right now, I like it. Omg I like it. 

I see him take the camera and come over to my face. His two fingertips raise my chin up so I'm looking directly at the camera in his hand. 

"Those eyes though, perfection when they have that bit of redness to them with that wet glaze., later I am going to make that mascara run" He has such a pleased smile on his face. 

He takes his thumb and runs it up to my lip where he pressed between my lips and slides his thumb between my teeth opening my jaw. 

"Wider." He instructs. 

I relax and let him open my mouth with his hand wrapping around my jaw pulling my mouth down. I can feel my lower teeth pressing into his thumb he is pushing my jaw open so hard. 

"Good girl, nice and wide for me. Keep looking at the camera. Don't look away do you understand?" 

I try to nod and manage to say uhhh huhhh with his thumb still pulling on me. 

"You are one fast learning. I knew you were a good choice. I love how eager you are, how open and willing you are. You are such a good little slut, now let's see if you can keep behaving. Stick your tongue out for me." 

While he says this I feel Alice start to play with my ass cheeks, sliding her fingertips along the raised skin where the handprints are, almost like she is tracing the outline of the raised prints. She places one hand on my lower back pushing me further into that arch while her other hand keeps exploring me. Sliding between my legs and running up my inner thighs and back out over my ass again. Fuck it is such a good feeling, the painful burning mixed with her soft hand. 

While she plays he takes his hand off my jaw and undoes his jeans, grabs them and his boxers and slides them down at the front in one motion.  Now I get why the bench is so low to the ground. My mouth is at the perfect height. "Keep that tongue out and your eyes up here." 

My jaw feels like it is going to cramp from holding it open but I have to stay. As much as I liked being spanked, I don't want it again quite so soon. 

My eyes stay locked into that camera lens, tongue out. Fuck it's so hard to concentrate. I'm trying to focus on him but her hand...omg her hands. And I catch glimpse of Levi walking around and filming me exposed in every angle. 

I feel his hand reach back and grab a first full of my hair right against my head. He tilts me back more opening my throat. Next thing I know his hand leaves my hair "Don't fucking move." I feel him place his hard cock on my tongue and slap it softly on my tongue a few times. "Get your tongue wet in your mouth and then stick it back out." I listen immediately. "That's a good slut." His cock is back on my tongue and I feel him slide the tip along the full length of my wet tongue. "Do you want my cock in your mouth?"

I nod eagerly. I do want it, feeling is sliding and teasing me, it is so hard. Oh do I want it.

"Beg for it." 

I have never begged during sex, but somehow I found myself begging like I had done it a thousand times. There was no hesitation because I did want it. 

I stay looking up at him and say, "I want it, I want your cock so badly. Please, please let me wrap my lips around you. I want to feel you slide down my throat. I want to see how well I can take you. Please, I want it. Please."  My eyes pleading with him just as much as my body and words. 

"Omg you are such a perfect little thing, good girl. You do want it don't you, I love how badly you want it." His praise has my stomach flipping in such incredible butterflies. "Open your mouth back up and keep looking up at me, you did such a god job I'm going to let you have it." 

I open my mouth so fast and he takes his cock and puts the tip inside my mouth just past my lips. "Wrap those around me and show me how badly you want my cock. I want you to move your mouth and tongue on me. I want to watch you suck me." 

I don't think I have ever wanted to suck a dick more. I wrap my wet soft lips around and curl my tongue around the base of his shaft and I start to move back and forth. Fuck he fills my mouth up perfectly with his hard cock. I love the feeling of my tongue exploring him every time I slid off and back on. Flicking my tongue over his tip and pressing along his amazing shaft as he goes in and out. 

He feels incredible in my mouth that I almost forgot we had other people around till I feel a pressure pulling in my ass. I moan in pain from the surprise feeling. Alice is pulling back on the butt plug deep inside me. "You just focus on him, I'm swapping this one for something bigger. We need you nice and stretched. I am going to play with this tiny ass hole and get it ready. When it hurts, because you are just so tight it is going to hurt, just moan onto his cock. Trust me he will like that." 

I'm not too sure now if I want to keep going, I am so nervous again but I don't want to stop, fuck I don't want to stop. 

"Trust her and listen, she knows what she is talking about. Focus on me. I have had enough of you sucking me for now...I am going to take over and fuck your face. That will be a nice distraction from the pain. Now keep those lips and tongue pressed on me and whimper or cry out all you want but keep those beautiful lips pressed and sealed." I say ok and that I understand with my eyes, his cock still deep in my mouth. "Tilt your head back more, yeah let's open that throat nice and wide. This is going to get rougher then I assume you are used to but you are such a good learner. Relax and let it happen, I'm going to make you gag so just open that little throat and stay still. Keep your head still unless I move you." He looks down at me with such a look of someone in control. I know I can still say no, I can leave....but I also love how it's like he has all the power. 

"This is always one of my favourite parts when you fuck. I know she is going to like it." Alice smiles and says this to him as she pulls her focus from my ass and then returns back to what she was doing. 

Omg she is pulling it out again. My ass is holding on so tight, swollen around it. Omg that hurts, and it is such an odd feeling. I start to whimper a lot. 

"Fuuuuuck yeah, there it is...fuck, that whimper....I knew it would feel so fucking good on my dick."

He puts the camera on a stand fast and aims it down at me....then he grabs my hair again and pulls me back and his other hand is now around the base of my neck. He sees the instant fear in my eyes. "I like to feel you from the outside and the inside. Relax, be a good little slut." As those words come out of him in a breathy low rumble he starts to fuck my face. His cock starts sliding in and out in a slow controlled way. Ok this isn't too bad, what did he mean rough? It feels like he is enjoying every part of my mouth in a slow steady motion. 

I feel her slide something thin and plastic feeling into my swollen little ass hole. "I'm just putting some lube deep inside you. Stay focussed on him." How the fuck did she know what I was thinking?? 

I feel the cold lube fill my ass as she pressed the plunger and pulls the tube out. "Omg yes, it's dripping out of her, get this on camera. Her ass is so fucking untouched and sweet." I hear Levi move the camera closer. 

Then, I feel it. Omg that feels so big...it's not going to fit. I pull away a bit without thinking "Relax, relax, it's not even that big. Let me stretch you open." The cock shaped object starts to press on my hole. She pressed more and more, and more. Fuck, fuck, fuuuck. It's too big. Ow. I am full on moaning and whimpering now, little cries try to escape out of my closed mouth. 

"Oh fuck yes, like that." He pulls my head back and starts to fuck my face so fast and deep. I can't move, his cock sides so deep down my throat and each time I gag and my throat squeezes around him. He keeps plunging it in and out and so fucking deep. I start gagging and coughing. "Relax baby, you can do this. Take it, take it like a good slut." I can do this, fuck...relax throat, fucking relax. He keeps pumping for a bit more and then he slides out and stops pumping it rough. "I'm going to make your eyes water now, I want to see them water." He says this as he holds both sides of my head now and slowly presses his cock farther and farther so he goes right down my throat. "Relax, let me in..open up, thats right. Fuck your throat feels so good." I'm trying so hard to be good. I can take this. My throat gags over over over and he presses in slow deep and then holds his cock in for a few seconds before sliding out again letting me gasp for a few breaths or air before sliding slowly back in, all the way in and the holding me tight on. Every time he pulls back out there is so much spit from gaging that it drips down my chin. My eyes are watering so fucking much my mascara must be running all over, now I get why they don't allow waterproof...they want to see it run.  

While he does this I feel her press deeper into my ass and then slid it back out, each time putting it in deeper. "Ohhhh there you go, look at that little hole opening up. Oh you are watch a good girl. Each time I pull this out your little hole stays open now waiting for it. Such a good little play thing." She says this and then starts to fuck my ass, twisting the object as she pulls it out, pressing it up and down and each side. Stretching me. She is not as gentle as before and I start whimpering again. Every time he slides back inside my throat she starts playing with me and making me make noise.

Finally she stops and pulls it out of my ass and he slides his cock out of my mouth. "Omg baby, your eyes look so fucking incredible. Oh hon are so worth it. Now stand up and get off the bench and go bend over the bed, I want something else now." 

My knees feel so bruised and the bench has left marks on my legs and hands. I walk over and bend over onto the bed as instructed so my ass is facing all the windows clearly. He comes over and grabs my shoulder near my neck and pulls me up and puts a pillow down at the edge of the bed before shoving me roughy back down face first onto the bed. Fuck I love how he handles me. So firm and so controlled. I know this is about him, but fuck I love it. I love it so much. He grabs my hips suddenly and before I can even take a moment I feel his cock slam into my tight pussy. 

"Omfg, omggggg your pussy is so fucking perfect. Pull your legs up and bend them towards your ass." I listen instantly and he grabs each of my ankles and fucks me so fast and so fucking hard. The bed is shaking so much. "Fuck you are so tight, your pussy is so fucking wet and tight I love it...I have to switch it up or you are going to make me cum and I am not done playing with you yet." He lets go of my ankles and slides his dick out of me leaving me throbbing and my body just begging for more, that was not enough it was too quick. 

"I want you to climb up onto the bed now on all fours but position yourself close to the edge and your ass back towards me." 

He comes over and takes my top and yanks it down so both my breasts spill out. "That's better."

I am now on all fours on the bed and I feel him climb up behind me. He starts to caress and grab my ass with both hands. "I love that she got you all ready. Actually, I changed my mind...I want you to get off the bed for a min. I want to watch something while I play with this beautiful ass." Watch something? Watch what? He looks at Alice and nods over to the bed. She smiles so big and glides over knowing exactly what is expected of her. She slips her tight jeans off and I watch her panties then fall to the floor as she pulls them down. She bites her lower lip as she pulls her top off and then she unclasps her bra and drops it.

I watch her walk over and lay on the bed with her head at the opposite edge, she puts her feet up almost under her as she bends her knees and then spreads her legs open. 

"I want you to learn something and have a reward so climb back up on all fours and then lean down with your elbows and hands on the bed, ass in the air and right at the edge here so I can stand behind you." Ok, this, ummm this might be my limit. I am so curious though, I have a feeling I know what I am supposed to do but I have never before, I mean today was the first day I had even kissed a girl like I did before. I don't know if I am up for this but we are so far into this and I want to keep going, I want to turn him on and to make him feel good. Watching what is about to happen must turn him on or he wouldn't have set this up.

Here I go, I can do this.


