I had been trying to convince my girlfriend Keecia to hit the new
reggae spot with me in DC since it opened and finally to my
surprise the second month she complied with my request. With
Keecia's short notice I was baffled as to what my outfit of
seduction would be for the evening but decided to party it up
yonkie girl stylie with a tight black leather skirt, a strapless
black leather top with a huge silver buckle across the front and
my favorite strappy black leather heels. With my long legs waxed
and properly oiled and a tasteful amount of foot jewelry to show
off my red toenail polish and fresh pedicure I jumped in my
Maxima and headed off to the Club. After fussing with the
Bouncers at the front door about the outrageous price for
admittance and a search that border lined a free feel I entered
the club. Upon walking through the door I was immediately taken
aback by the theme. The club was rather large and extremely dark.
There were huge Palm Trees in all four corners used to camouflage
the speakers that must have stood nine-feet high each piled atop
one another. The air smelled of incense and weed and the bass in
the music led my body as I drifted across the room to locate
Keecia. When I finally caught up to her almost an hour later she
was already winding on the dance floor with her own personal rude
boy. I didn't want to cock block so I stood in her direction of
sight and motioned to the bar letting her know that was my
destination. As I approached the bar I felt all eyes on me not
just by the men but the women too obviously sizing up their
competition for the night. My contact high from the weed had
already started working on my inhibitions when I ordered three
shots of Tequila and a bottle of Corona to be used as the chaser.
While serving in the Army in Europe, I was able to down Tequila
like water but now, ten years later at the age of thirty it was a
bit more difficult. After the second shot I was slowly being
carried away into a world of my own when I glanced out of the
corner of my eye and saw him. He stood approximately 6'3 with
broad shoulders, huge arms and a short military style haircut. He
maintained a steady flow of attractive women unsuccessfully
flirting with him, rubbing their ass against him when ordering
their drinks or smiling at him. I thought to myself, he's either
gay or here with his girl. As I reached down to do my last shot I
caught him looking in my direction. He didn't know I saw him and
took this as an opportunity to play with him a bit. I noticed a
bachelorette group of women near him playing who could stick the
bottle furthest down their throat.  Determined to get his
undivided attention I picked up the Corona chaser and drank some
then stuck the whole neck of the bottle down my throat as far as
it would go without gagging. With the neck of the bottle down my
throat and my lips hugging the shaft I looked in his direction,
he stared at me along with the rest of the men at the bar and the
bachelorette group in amazement. When I took the bottle out of my
mouth I stuck my tongue out and licked and sucked the lime until
the last drip of juice in it was gone, I seductively licked the
juices from my lips and smiled at him. I felt the group of women
rolling their eyes as the men clapped but I did not take my eyes
off of him and he smiled at me. I quickly sobered realizing my
ignorant exhibitionism and suddenly became shy looking down into
my empty glass. He was far more attractive than I first thought.
The light from the bar shown on his dark chocolate complexion and
his smile revealed a dimple on either cheek complementing his
perfectly white teeth. His orange polo shirt traced lines over
his biceps leaving nothing to the imagination. I glanced down as
if to be embarrassed and when I looked back up a second later he
was gone. I contemplated whether or not to order another drink
and take my rejection as fate or convince myself my beauty must
have intimidated him as it did the bachelorette group who quickly
moved on to another stupid game after their obvious defeat.
Before I had the opportunity to come to any conclusion I felt a
hand around my slim waste-line and hot air against the back of my
neck. It was him; he had made his way over to me and was standing
right behind me. He introduced himself as Darius, by this point
the Tequila had taken hold of me and I had no choice but to cling
to the bar for support. As much as I love to talk I was
speechless and the only thing that fell out of my mouth was to
tell him he was beautiful and he started laughing. He told me
that he was a Patent Attorney for the U.S. Trademark Commission
here in DC. I told him that was sexy and he looked confused
asking what was sexy? With a big grin on my face I answered,
intelligence. As I proceeded to tell him about all the losers I
had seen since I walked in, he laughed once more at me and I told
him how much he resembled Morris Chestnut. He told me that he got
that a lot. We had a short humorous conversation and he was
admittedly taken aback by my intelligence as well. From that
point forward he said I did not have to pay for anything for the
rest of the night as he motioned to the bartender that anything I
ordered should go on his tab. I balanced on him and we made our
way to the dance floor. The music was a slow Beanie Man song and
as he began to move I just melted into him. His body had me
hypnotized and I just followed his lead slowly winding and
grinding his front and then turning around and working him from
the back. I knew he had seen the fatness of my ass when I was
standing legs spread and ass up at the bar and now I thought it
was time for him to feel its softness by bouncing it repeatedly
against his dick. I felt it grow with each bounce I planted
against it until he finally put an arm around my waste and one
around my chest and pulled me into him. His hands gently rubbed
up and down my inner thighs and I could feel the moisture pouring
out of my pussy. As we danced with him grinding me from behind he
gently kissed the back of my neck. I reached over my back and
grabbed his head from behind and whispered in his ear to stop
teasing me. He took my hand and led me through the floor to a
more secluded spot to continue our dirty dancing. As women
intentionally brushed against him and men grabbed at my free hand
to try and steal me away, he saw and pulled me in front of him
with his arm around my waist. We made our way to a secluded
corner of the club and began dancing between a Palm Tree and
speaker. The bass once again took hold of me and my whole body
vibrated with each thump the speaker let out. He was behind me
once more and began making his way up my skirt until his hand
reached my hot pussy. He playfully traced a circle around my lips
to my clit and then began fingering me with one hand and
massaging the back of my neck with the other. Within the first
five seconds of the next song I came all over his forefinger. He
removed his hand and stuck his finger in my mouth. I sucked all
the juices off and he began to passionately kiss my neck. I was
disappointed that it was over until I felt the tight soft skin of
is hard dick creeping between my legs. He rubbed it up and down
my ass, bent me over and slid it in. I don't know if I got more
excitement from knowing at any time someone could catch us or the
beating of the bass that intentionally had us fucking to the
music. Whatever it was he was stroking on beat with his hands on
my waist and his dick in my ass and I loved every inchly moment
of it. Three songs later he continued to stroke but instead of me
pleasuring in the fact he was one of the first to last so long
with me I took it as a blow to my ego and told him that I had to
use the bathroom. He pulled down the back of my skirt and walked
me to the bathroom which of course was crowded with the usual
groups of women, the gossipers talking about the men in the club
they planned on catching, the bitches talking about other women
in the club and how scandalously they were dressed and the
busters all huddled around a mirror complementing each other but
secretly wondering why no one had approached them. Honey the
mirror tells no lies I thought to myself. The line to the
bathroom stretched to the door and I had no intention of waiting
to use it. I walked back to Darius and told him the line was too
long. He asked me if I had ever been to the VIP room in the club
and I told him this was my first time at the club ever. We walked
to a section of the club roped off and guarded by a bouncer.
Darius gave him dap and led me through the ropes and a door. The
VIP room was quite lavish and I saw some NBA and NFL celebrities
sitting in chairs watching the dance floor from a two-way mirror.
We passed the ladies room and proceeded to the men's. He took my
hand and led me in locking the door behind him. I ran directly
for the stall and relieved myself. When I opened the stall door
Darius was sitting quietly in a lounge chair in the corner of the
restroom. I asked him if he would help me wash my hands. He
walked over approaching me from behind and began rubbing the
soapy water between my hands and then my fingers as he did this
he began kissing me slightly on my back. With one leg he spread
my legs apart and raised my skirt. As he unzipped his pants and
took out is dick I stared at it in the mirror, it was huge.
Before I had time to even comment or give him props I was bent
over the sink with his enormous dick deep inside my ass. He
grabbed my wrists and placed them spread eagle above me on the
mirror. As he fucked me I told him that I had wanted him ever
since I saw him at the bar and he told me my pussy was phat and
wet. He let his hands down and with one scoop picked my ass up
high enough so that my knees straddled the sink on the
counter-top and he was pulling and pushing my ass back and forth
on his dick with my forehead pressed against the mirror. He began
to moan and jerk pulled his dick out and exploded all over my
ass. I watched him from the mirror and the expression of
satisfaction on his face gave me more pleasure than the size of
his dick. We washed up, exchanged numbers and went our separate
ways. Although we have played phone tag for the past four months
because of our busy schedules and distance, to this day the first
Friday of every month he puts me on his guest list for the club
hoping that one day I will return.



1





