Hot Family Next Door
By Perry Jones


	Chapter Eight

	That evening both Dave and Peg were nervous since they both had something to hide from each other, something to do with the same sexy next-door neighbor.  Staring down at their plates at dinner and letting Skeet do most of the talking, it was fairly easy to hide their guilt.  

	Later, though, alone together in the bedroom, it wasn't so easy.  Dave thought Peg was avoiding eye contact with him, but he couldn't be sure because he was afraid to catch her eyes, too.  

	Peg undressed and wrapped herself tightly in her pink terry robe, then disappeared into the bathroom and closed the door tightly.  Dave recognized the signs-she wasn't in the mood for communicating, let alone fucking.  That was fine with him.  He still wanted to savor the blow-job from Fran without clouding the memory with Peg's less-skilled sex play.  

	When Peg came out of the bathroom, Dave slipped in.  And when he came out, Peg was already under the covers, her back to him, curled up like a hibernating bear.  Dave got into his side of the bed, turned his back on Peg, and said good-night.  

	"Good-night," Peg said.  

	There was silence.  But Dave kept his eyes open, staring into the darkness.  He tried to recreate in his mind the glorious sensation of Fran's hot mouth wrapped around his prick.  But lying in bed with his wife made that pleasure seem remote.  

	Peg was wide-eyed, too.  She was thinking of the lesbian fuck she'd had with Fran the day before.  But she wasn't trying to bring back the pleasure.  Rather, she was trying to forget it, to deny it.  She was convinced that Fran had caught her in some sort of witch's spell.  

	Both of them remained lying like that for a while, occasionally shifting around and making the other bounce slightly.  Finally, though, Peg broke the silence.  

	"Dave, I'm worried," she said.  

	"Why?"  Dave asked, fearing she was onto his fun with Fran.  

	"It's our neighbor," Peg said.  

	"Still think she's a witch?"  

	Peg sat up and faced her husband, who slowly turned to face her.  

	"I know you think I'm crazy," Peg said.  "But I'm not.  She's put some sort of a spell on me.  And I think she's put one on Skeet, too."  

	"Peg!  You've got to forget about this weird obsession you've got."  

	Dave really was concerned about his wife now.  Her voice sounded haunted, frightened.  He thought she might be going over the edge.  And she was looking at him with wide, scary eyes.  

	"Would I be willing to go to bed with her if she hadn't put a spell on me?"  she asked.  

	"You mean you are willing to go to bed with her?"  Dave asked, caught now between fear and lust.  

	"I already have!"  Peg blurted out, her face crinkling into a grimace before she buried it in her pillow.  

	Dave was stunned.  He watched his wife sobbing silently into her pillow as he tried to make sense of what she'd said.  

	As he got used to the idea that his wife had fucked with Fran, it seemed less bizarre and weird.  After all, he knew from experience what Fran was like.  And hadn't she said that she and Peg were becoming good friends?  Then Dave noticed he had a hard-on.  

	He moved closer to Peg, whose face was still hidden in her pillow although her shoulders were no longer shaking with sobs.  

	"It's all right," Dave said soothingly.  "And it doesn't mean you're under a spell.  She's a gorgeous chick.  I would go for her even if I were a woman.  I can understand."  

	Peg lifted her tear-stained face.  "Really?  You're not mad at me?  You don't think I'm a pervert?"  

	"Of course I'm not mad at you, and I don't think you're a pervert," Dave said.  "I'm a little jealous, though."  

	"Because you want to make it with her?"  Peg asked.  "Or just because I did?"  

	Dave moved closer to Peg, pressing his boner to her hip.  She looked down toward Dave's crotch, realizing that her confession was turning him on.  

	Dave asked when and how often Peg had been to bed with Fran.  She told him.  Then he asked what they did together.  

	Peg was silent for a moment.  Then, in a quiet voice, she began telling Dave all about her experience.  

	"I loved holding her tits," she said.  "It was the only time I ever felt another woman's tits.  Kissing her was exciting, too.  Then, when she moved down to eat me, I was hotter than I've ever been.  Not that I don't get really excited when you eat me, Dave.  I do.  But there was something extra about it with Fran.  I guess it was just that it was so perverted."  

	Dave listened quietly, but his mind was on fire.  His imagination turned Peg's words into pictures and he was getting hotter by the minute!  

	"Then when it was my turn to eat her," Peg said, "I was actually dizzy from the thrill.  Sticking my face into her pussy was incredible!  I felt her pubic hair tickling my face and the smell of her cunt drove me wild!  Oh, Dave.  I'm either a pervert or she really is a witch."  

	Dave had pulled his prick back from Peg's hip and had grabbed it secretly beneath the covers as he listened to her confession.  Now Peg threw herself against Dave, seeking comfort.  Her thigh met his hand wrapped around his cock.  Dave withdrew the hand, but too late.  Peg knew what affect her story was having on him.  

	"You're not a pervert and Fran's not a witch," Dave said evenly.  "There's nothing strange about it.  A lot of women have lesbian flings.  It doesn't mean they're really lesbians.  It just means they have a healthy curiosity and are adventurous.  Besides, even though I don't believe that Fran's a witch, I do believe she has a talent for seduction.  She could lure the Pope into bed with her!"  

	"What are you getting at?"  Peg asked suspiciously.  "Dave, did she .  .  .  and you?"  

	"Yeah," Dave said.  "So I know what you went through.  When she levels those dark eyes at you and her big tits are sticking out, practically bulging out of her blouse ..."  

	"Oh, Dave!"  Peg moaned as she fell back into her pillow.  

	Suddenly Peg jumped out of bed.  She grabbed her robe and opened the bedroom door.  

	"I'm going to have a talk with that bitch right now!"  she hissed.  

	Dave jumped out of bed and went after her, trying to stop her before she made a fool of herself.  But by the time he caught her, she was out in the hall and her fist had come down loudly on Fran's door.  

	"Peg!"  Dave whispered as he grabbed her.  "This is no-" 

	He was cut short by Fran, who swung the door open.  Seeing her neighbors standing there-Peg in a robe and Dave in his pajamas-she lifted her eyebrows in expectation.  

	"I want to talk to you," Peg said threateningly.  

	"Come on in," Fran said with a smile.  "I was just about to go to bed, but I love company in bed."  

	"That's what I want to talk to you about," Peg said.  "I mean, not about going to bed with you.  But about going to bed with you."  

	"Peg, let's go home," Dave urged softly.  "We can talk about this tomorrow."  

	"No!  I want to talk about it now!"  Peg said.  "And what about Skeet?"  

	Fran went to the end table beside the couch and picked up her cigarette case.  The lamp on the table outlined her body under the sheer nightgown she was wearing.  In profile, her tits looked sensational and the erect nipple on one tit could clearly be seen.  The curve of her ass was the most gorgeous shape Dave had ever seen, and his prick began to rise again even under these difficult circumstances.  

	"I don't know what gives you the right ...  no thanks, I don't smoke ...  the right to seduce me and then .  .  .  no, I don't want a drink!"  

	"I'll have one," Dave said.  

	"And then seduce my husband.  And God knows what you've been doing to Skeet.  Are you listening to me?"  

	"Yes, go on," Fran said calmly as she went to the liquor cabinet and fixed the drinks.  "Are you sure you won't have one, Peg?"  

	"All right.  But just a small one."  

	"Look, I don't know what all the fuss is about," Fran said, handing Dave and Peg a drink.  "But I don't think you should blame me for making it with you.  After all, I didn't force either of you.  You were both practically begging for it."  

	"Begging!"  Peg repeated loudly.  

	"Shhhh!  You'll wake Phil," Fran said.  

	It hadn't occurred to Peg that Fran wasn't alone.  She'd forgotten that Fran didn't live alone.  After all, she'd never even laid eyes on Phil.  But she certainly didn't want to involve someone else in this mess.  

	"I know how you two must feel," Fran said, sipping her scotch.  "But look at it this way.  You've been married for a long time and have stuck to the straight and narrow.  Then along comes me, willing and eager to take on all comers, and you both take advantage of the opportunity.  It's simple, really.  Now all there is to decide is whether you want to go back to the straight and narrow or come into our guest room and have some fun!"  

	The fact that neither Peg or Dave turned down Fran's outrageous offer gave Fran encouragement.  

	"Come on," she urged, getting up and standing in front of the lamp again to show off her body.  "Let's go into the other room.  After we each have an orgasm or two, we'll be calmer."  

	Peg and Dave looked at each other.  Slowly their expressions changed from tense confusion to loose acquiescence.  They smiled and stood up.  

	"Oh, I knew you'd see it my way," Fran said as she hurried over to them and put an arm around each of their shoulders.  

	They let Fran lead them to her guest room where a king-sized bed awaited.  

	Setting her drink on a dresser, Fran slowly gathered up her gown, hiking it up her legs, then over her hips, exposing her furry cunt muff.  Pulling the gown higher still, Fran revealed her tits.  Then her head emerged and she threw the gown to a chair.  She stood naked in the warm glow of Peg's and Dave's horny gazes.  

	Dave began pulling off his pajamas.  Then Peg unfastened her robe and discarded it.  Her cotton nightgown made her feel awkward and she shed it as quickly as possible.  

	Fran went to the bed and lay down on her back, her arms and legs spread.  "I love having more than one partner in bed," she said.  

	This being Peg's and Dave's first time for three-way sex, they approached Fran slowly and shyly, but with great excitement.  Dave's prick was wagging mightily and the funky odor of cunt juice was emanating from Peg's crotch as they lay on either side of Fran.  

	They each reached for one of Fran's high-standing tits as they looked into each other's eyes.  Still watching each other, Peg and Dave moved their faces toward Fran's.  

	Their mouths came together in a meeting of three wagging tongues.  As they kissed, Peg and Dave began massaging Fran's tits greedily.  Fran wrapped an arm around each of her partners.  

	"Isn't this wonderful?"  Fran asked happily as Peg and Dave both moved their faces toward her tits.  

	Dave caught Peg's eye as they began sucking Fran's dark, big, and erect nipples.  But Peg looked away, still shy about her new perversion.  Dave, on the other hand, loved watching his wife sucking Fran's gigantic tit.  

	Peg began by gently nibbling Fran's brown nipple.  Her pink tongue covered the nipple with licks as her lips surrounded it.  But soon she opened her mouth wider and stuffed it full of tit flesh.  Dave watched Peg's cheeks become concave as she gobbled the mouthful of tit.  

	Dave sucked Fran's right tit as eagerly as his wife sucked the left tit.  Fran ran her hands over their shoulders as she threw back her head and sighed with satisfaction.  

	"Ummmm!  How nice to have both my tits sucked at once!"  Fran said.  

	Dave reached to Fran's cunt.  Sliding his hand down her smooth tummy to her wiry pussy hair, he was surprised to find Peg's hand already there.  She looked up from Fran's tits and met Dave's eyes as she moved her hand to the side of Fran's pussy, making room for Dave's fingers.  

	He crept his fingers down Fran's cunt mound to her wet cunt crack.  Then slipping his fingertips into her pussy gash, he joined Peg's fingers which were already stirring Fran's cunt juice around the slithering ridges of flesh in there.  

	Even when Dave fucked a finger up Fran's cunt-hole, he had to share the territory with Peg.  

	Finger-fucking a cunt along with his wife was a new sort of togetherness for Dave, and he loved it!  So did Peg!  As she grew used to having her husband witness her perversion, she became more and more lusty.  She was reaching farther into Fran's cunt and massaging the lining of her cunt more vigorously than Dave was.  

	"Oh, God!"  Fran cried.  "You two are wonderful!"  

	Even now that he'd seen his wife in action, Dave was amazed to see Peg sinking down Fran's body.  Leaving Fran's tit, Peg began kissing her way down Fran's belly until she was sticking her tongue into Fran's belly button.  There was no doubt in Dave's mind about Peg's destination.  

	Fran spread her legs wide as Peg moved between them.  Dave took his fingers from Fran's pussy to make way for his wife's tongue.  

	Looking down Fran's body, Dave saw Peg's face half hidden by Fran's bristling pussy mound.  He saw Peg's eyes slowly close as her face neared Fran's cunt.  Then Peg's head began nodding as he covered Fran's cunt gash with broad licks.  

	"Ahhhh!"  Fran sighed with profound pleasure.  

	Dave had to get a closer look at the action at Fran's cunt.  So he moved down beside Fran's legs and peered into her crotch.  He was panting with passion as he saw Peg's tongue fucking between Fran's spread cunt lips.  

	Peg moved her head closer to one of Fran's thighs so Dave could have a better look at what she was doing to Fran's juicy pussy.  The sight made Dave's mouth water.  He had to suck a cunt, too!  

	So he swiveled around on his ass, thrusting his face at his wife's cunt.  Peg opened her thighs to accommodate Dave's head.  He rested his head on one thigh, and the other came down on his head, sandwiching it and holding it at her pussy.  

	Now Dave could see nothing but Peg's ass, which was right in front of his eyes.  But he could still hear Fran's moans of pleasure, and, most important, he could fuck his tongue into Peg's salty cunt slot!  

	"Gimme your prick!"  Fran gasped.  "Dave, let me suck you!"  

	With his head still trapped in Peg's crotch and his tongue sliding around in her running pussy, Dave maneuvered his body closer to Fran.  She grabbed his legs and pulled until she brought his throbbing cock within range of her mouth.  

	Dave felt Fran's hair sweeping over his thigh.  Then her mouth slid over his prick-knob.  The delicious sensation he had felt earlier in the back seat of her car was repeated.  But now it was even more thrilling because of the added company and perversion.  

	Blinded by the bottoms of Peg's ass cheeks as he ate her pussy, Dave tried to imagine the scene he was part of.  Seen from above, they would form a triangle of kinky sucking sex!  

	In order to have something interesting to look at, Dave spread the cheeks of Peg's ass so he could look into the eye of her ass.  He would rather be able to watch Peg lapping Fran's cunt, but Peg's asshole was a nice sight, too.  

	"Mmmmmm!"  Fran hummed on Dave's prick, adding the vibration of her voice to the sensation of her hot sucking.  

	As she sucked his prick, Fran stroked Dave's ass-one of his most sensitive places.  Tickling his ass crack, she wiggled her fingers closer and closer to his asshole.  

	Dave gave Peg's cunt a good licking even though he was distracted by the mouth on his prick and the sounds of joy filling the room.  Peg was moaning into Fran's cunt as she ate it-a kinky sound, indeed!  

	Concentrating on Peg's cuntlips and fuckhole, Dave avoided her clit.  There was no hurry to begin having orgasms; there were many more tricks to perform before the final act.  One was to stick his finger into Peg's asshole as he ate her pussy.  Tilting his head back so he could watch his finger fucking into her tight ass without going cross-eyed, Dave moistened his finger in her cunt then shoved it up her ass.  

	Fran took her mouth from Dave's prick.  As his prick cooled with evaporating saliva, Dave wondered what would happen next.  He felt Fran's lips and teeth travel down his cock shaft to his balls as her hand gripped his swollen prick head.  Then she took his balls into her mouth and held them firmly.  

	"Hummmmm!"  Fran hummed on the balls she held in her mouth.  

	Fran's humming showed the intensity of her pleasure and the vibrations stimulated Dave's balls, adding to his pleasure.  

	"Ummmm!  Ummmmm!"  Fran moaned with a muffled sound, Dave's balls absorbing much of it.  

	"Aaaaah!"  Peg moaned with an open mouth, her tongue still swimming in Fran's fuckhole.  

	The intensity of the chicks' cries grew louder, more wanton.  Dave could tell that Peg was going to come soon, not only by the sound of her voice but by the way her thighs were shaking as they held his head.  Also, he felt her ass ring spasming on his finger as he probed her asshole.  

	His balls were being munched roughly now as Fran approached an orgasm, too.  Her hand gripped Dave's prick.  

	"Ahhhhh!"  Peg wailed into Fran's cunt.  

	Peg was coming, so Dave moved his tongue to her clit and whipped that stiff organ.  She was shaking so much now that Dave's brains were being rattled as he kept her thighs clamped on his head.  But Dave didn't mind.  Having his head shaken helped him tickle Peg's clit.  

	Fran was coming, too.  The way she hung onto Dave's cock and balls and moaned made her condition obvious.  

	The bed was bouncing now like a trampoline, adding to everyone's pleasure.  Fran's hand began jerking Dave's loose cock skin over the hard core of his prick, but not enough to make him come.  He was awfully excited, though!  

	When Peg's orgasm had run its course and she stopped writhing, Dave eagerly pulled his head out from her crotch to see what was happening.  The chicks' bodies were glistening with sweat as they shook.  Peg's head was still nodding at Fran's pussy, Fran's body amplifying the motion as she clung to Dave's legs.  Now she was rubbing her face against the twitching tower of his prick with her teeth gripping the flesh of his balls.  

	"Eeee!"  she wailed at the pinnacle of her lust.  

	Then Peg stopped lashing Fran's cunt with her tongue and rested her cheek on Fran's soaked pussy mound.  

	The girls had their orgasms and now awaited Dave.  They were his to do with whatever he chose.  

	Where to start?  Dave got up on his haunches, poised and ready to strike.  

	Since he hadn't yet experienced Fran's tight cunt on his cock, he decided to stick it in there.  So he climbed over his wife and got between Fran's legs.  Peg was in the way, but when she saw Dave bringing his prick to the pussy she'd just sucked, she moved out of his way-but just enough for him to fuck Fran while she looked on.  

	As Dave brought his fat cockhead to Fran's wet and loosened cunt lips, Peg reached over and helped guide her husband's twitching cock into position.  

	"Oh, Dave!"  Fran gasped as his prick began to stretch her pussy.  

	Dave, feeling his cock being fed to Fran's cunt by his wife's hand, lowered himself onto Fran's mammoth tits.  Feeling those firm mountains of tit flesh meeting his chest was wonderful, but it didn't take away from the sensation of Fran's cunt surrounding his prick!  

	Fucking his cock to the balls in Fran's cunt made Dave gasp.  He let his prick lie still for a while as Fran's cunt tunnel caressed and held his.  

	"It feels like you're reaching halfway to my heart!"  Fran groaned as she enjoyed the feeling of Dave's prick throbbing inside her pussy.  

	Meanwhile, Peg reached into the hot area of their crotches.  Her fingers crept about, feeling Dave's balls lying on the bottoms of Fran's ass-cheeks, the base of Dave's prick where it disappeared into Fran's parted cunt lips, and Dave's ass, tensed with lust.  

	Dave took in all the lovely things that were happening, all the wild sensations that flooded his fevered brain.  Then he began pumping, fucking his cock in and out of Fran's tight, gripping cunt!  

	"Ohhhhh!  Dave!"  Fran gasped as she felt the force of his prick invading her pussy.  

	Dave's cock fucked into her relentlessly.  He crashed his crotch to Fran's, fucking his prick deep.  Then he pulled it so only his taut cockhead remained in her cunt, then lunged again.  

	Peg tried to hold his balls as he fucked Fran, but he moved too fast.  So she left her fingertips at the entrance to Fran's pussy and enjoyed the way Dave's slid over them.  

	"Ohhh!  Ohhhh!"  Dave began gasping as his orgasm bloomed.  

	Before coming, he experienced such a rush of pure bliss he knew this climax would be the greatest of his life.  And when it hit he knew he was right!  

	"Ahhhhh!"  he cried.  

	"Oh, Dave!  Dave!  Fuck me!"  Fran chanted as she held onto his churning hips with her legs and ground her cunt around his plunging cock.  

	Dave kept his prick fucking in Fran's cunt as long as he could.  Then he let his body go limp, resting his weight on Fran's tits and hips.  

	"That was so exciting to see!"  Peg said as she pulled her hand from the fuck-site.  

	"I love the way you fuck, Dave," Fran said.  "Lucky you, Peg!"  

	"Yeah, Dave tastes good care of my needs," Peg said.  "He uses his tongue real well, too!"  

	"I know," Fran said.  

	Dave rolled off Fran and onto his back.  His spent prick landed on his belly with a wet lap.  But it hardly lay there a minute before Peg snuggled up, cupped his prick in her hands and began nibbling on it.  Gradually, Dave's prick stretched and stiffened again.  

	When his prick was able to stand unsupported, Peg climbed on her husband and fitted his cock into her cunt.  She rocked gently, stirring her cunt with his fucker.  

	"No hurry, honey," she said to Dave.  "I just couldn't let your prick lie around while I felt like fucking."  

	Dave lay on his back looking at Peg.  Then he saw Fran rise to her knees beside him.  She moved to Peg and they kissed.  The sight of the girls going after each other again made Dave's cock a bit harder.  

	Then Fran threw a leg over Dave's body, straddling him and facing Peg, who had begun to fuck on Dave's cock.  The girls embraced and kissed.  

	Now Dave was presented with a view of Fran's ass where it rested on his chest, and he saw her back, crossed with one of Peg's arms as she held Fran.  Dave imagined where his wife's other hand was-on one of Fran's wonderful tits!  

	Dave grabbed Fran's hips and ran his hands up and down the beautiful curves of her body.  Then he reached around her to her tits which he grabbed.  Sure enough, he had to share one of her tits with his wife.  

	Massaging Fran's tits while his wife rode his prick was a pretty good position to be in.  Dave decided.  

	The girls moaned around their intertwined tongues.  

	Dave felt one of Fran's arms cross his wrist as he held onto her tits.  It was obvious that Fran had reached down to her own pussy, and, when Dave felt her arm move with a scrubbing motion, he knew what she was doing.  Again he wished he had a better view, but he certainly couldn't complain!  

	Having come so recently, Dave was able to last while Peg fucked herself into ecstasy on his prick.  She moaned in heat as she continued kissing and feeling up Fran.  

	"Let me fuck him for a while," Fran said when Peg's orgasm ended.  

	Peg lifted herself from Dave's cock and backed up, hovering over his knees.  Then Fran moved down over his hips with her back still toward him.  Dave could no longer reach her tits as she fucked his prick up her cunt.  But in that position, Dave had a better target for his hands-Fran's asshole peeked out at him and he fucked a finger into it.  

	The chicks were still kissing and holding each other's tits just as they had when Peg was fucking Dave.  But now it was Fran's moaning that filled the room.  

	Dave joined Fran in a smashing orgasm.  

	"Oh, you look so beautiful when you come!"  Peg said to Fran, making Dave wish he had a view of Fran's face, too.  But it was enough for him to feel her cunt sliding on his cock and her asshole gripping his finger.  

	After Dave came, Fran climbed off him and the three of them lay side by side, Dave in the middle.  

	"Oh, Fran," Peg sighed.  "This was so wonderful!  I don't care if you're a witch or not."  

	"A witch?"  Fran asked.  

	"Oh!  I didn't mean a witch," Peg mumbled.  "I only meant, well ..."  

	"I've been called a lot of things in my time, but never a witch," Fran mused.  

	"It's so silly," Peg said.  "I was reading a book about witches when you moved in and my imagination got the best of me, I guess."  

	"I know how that happens," Fran said.  "I once thought some neighbors of mine were Russian spies.  But they turned out to be bookies."  

	They laughed then slipped into a sound sleep.  


To Be Continued
