Weekend At The Lake
by noreaster20

Mishap leads to nude weekend with my sister and her friend.

"Can't you at least come for the long weekend?" Christi asked. "I know you're working during the week, but it'll be a nice little break. It'll be a good way to take your mind off of Molly, too."

Christi was my older sister. She had just completed her undergraduate degree, and I had just finished my sophomore year of college. Every summer, we'd take a trip up to our parents' lake house to hang out for a week or two and catch up. We'd always been really close, but we had grown apart a little bit when she went off to college.

I had just broken up with my girlfriend Molly a few days earlier. It was a friendly breakup — as friendly as a breakup can be, anyway — and we agreed we'd try to stay friends going forward. I wasn't optimistic. And to be honest, I was more than a little disappointed that my long-term relationship had ended. I decided to take on extra hours at my summer job in an attempt to keep my mind off things.

"I don't know if I'll be able to," I said. "I might have to work the weekend."

"Oh come on, Jack," she replied. "You haven't worked a single weekend all summer, and you'll have Monday off. Give yourself a break and just let loose for a change. Allie will be spending the weekend, too. She'll actually be spending the whole week with me since you won't be around."

Allie was one of Christi's closest friends from college. They had met freshman year and were inseparable from then on. Christi and Allie were roommates for the last few years of college and seemed to get along well.

I had met Allie briefly at the lake house last summer. She was arriving as I was leaving. She was a pretty girl with blonde hair and blue eyes. I found her attractive but quickly suppressed any further wayward thoughts since I was with my ex at the time. I couldn't help but wonder what she'd look like in a bikini out on the lake.

"I'll think about it, okay?" I answered.

"Okay," Christi said. "But I really hope you'll come. Allie does, too."

"Really?" I said. "She barely knows me."

"Yeah, but I've told her so much about you. She knows how close you and I are, and she's dying to get to know you better. Besides, she knows how to have a good time. It'll make for a fun weekend."

"I'll see what I can do. That's the most I can promise."

"That's all I ask. While you're here, can you help me with something?"

"Sure," I said. "What's up?"

"Well, I think Joey's going to be up there for the weekend with some of his friends. I heard his parents are somewhere in Europe for the summer, so he'll have their place to himself. Maybe this'll finally be the year that something happens between us."

"Mhmm," I said. "Go on."

"You're a guy. Which of these bikinis do you think he'd like best?"

She showed me a couple of options, one of which was a skimpy black swimsuit that couldn't possibly conceal all that much. The bikini bottoms were particularly tiny, probably covering only the essentials and leaving little to the imagination.

"I think the black one would drive him wild," I said. "But if you're going to wear something like that, why bother with a bikini at all?" I winked at her as I tried to conceal a smirk.

"Ew," Christi said casually. "Besides, even if I wouldn't mind him seeing me naked, I don't think I want all his frat buddies to see me like that, too."

Christi and I had always been very frank with each other about sex. Maybe it was because I was her younger brother, but I never really took on the paternalistic role that some brothers do. She's a grown woman. If she wants to enjoy herself, who am I to judge?

"Good point," I answered. "Then I think the black one is a good option. I also like the white one. It has a little more coverage but still shows off your boobs. And it'll give his friends less to ogle."

"I'll bring both," Christi said. "Thanks, Jack." Her face lit up with her usual radiant smile.

"No problem," I said.

Christi was tall for a girl, though that was fairly typical for our family. She was about five-foot-seven and had shoulder-length brown hair. Christi had a firm round ass and perky boobs that must've been popular with the college guys — not that I was looking or anything. I was sure that Joey would enjoy himself if things went how Christi wanted. Even if not, she would look great in either of the two bikinis she had picked out.

"Listen," I continued. "I have to head to work, so I'll talk to you later. I'll let you know what I decide about this weekend."

"Okay, Jack," Christi replied. "But we both know you're going to come on Friday, so I'll see you then." She smiled that same warm smile.

She was right. After some thought, I decided to go. It was tradition, after all, and I wasn't about to let my post-breakup blues get in the way of that. It would at least be a chance to get some fresh air and maybe even a tan.

Friday came soon enough. I had arranged to finish work around noon so I would have time to go home, pack, and make it to the lake by mid-afternoon. I texted Christi to let her know I'd be there later that afternoon. She responded almost immediately with a simple "see you then" followed by a smiley face.

I got home and threw some shorts, shirts, and boxers into a duffel bag. I grabbed a few other essentials — flip flops, a toothbrush, and the like — and tossed those into the bag, too. Thinking back to Christi's bikini dilemma, I realized I hadn't packed any swim trunks. I grabbed a couple old pairs and threw them into the bag along with my other items.

I zipped up the duffel bag, headed out to the car, and drove off. It was a pretty uneventful drive, though the Friday afternoon traffic prolonged the journey a bit. I was still able to make it to the lake house by 3:30 in the afternoon. Plenty of time to enjoy the rest of the day, I thought.

Christi must have heard me park my car and close the door. She burst out onto the front porch, a lemonade in one hand and her phone in the other.

"Jack!" she said exuberantly. "You made it!"

"I did," I replied as I headed up the steps to the porch.

Christi gave me a hug as I got to the top of the steps.

"Come on in," she said. "We were just getting ready to go out on the boat if you want to join."

"Sounds great," I answered. "Are you just going out for a spin around the lake, or were you thinking of going tubing?"

"Up to you," Christi said. "Actually, why don't you get the tubes out? We can make sure everything's working so that we're set for the rest of the weekend."

"Will do," I replied. Tubing was a favorite pastime of ours. I vividly remembered the years where our parents would pull Christi and me behind the boat, sending us flying one way or another as our tubes passed over the boat's wake.

I was actually kind of glad that she said that. Aside from tubing being fun, it was also an extraordinarily hot afternoon. With temperatures in the mid-nineties, any way to cool off sounded great to me. Embracing a little nostalgia at the same time was an added bonus.

Christi led me into the house. I smiled as I looked around the house where I had spent so many summers.

"You remember Allie, right?" Christi asked as we headed into the kitchen.

"Of course," I said. "Hey, Allie. It's good to see you again."

"Good to see you, too," she answered. She got up from the table to give me a quick hug. She smelled nice, but I couldn't quite place the scent. It was something floral, or so I thought. Whatever it was, I happily breathed it in.

Allie looked a little bit different from how I had remembered her. Her blonde hair was shorter now. It used to reach the middle of her back, but she evidently had cut it to shoulder length like Christi did. Her eyes were still that same unbelievable blue.

"We're going to go get changed," Christi said. "Can you make sure the boat has enough fuel and the tubes are inflated?"

"No problem," I said. "I'll go do that now. Would you mind bringing my bag upstairs and dropping it in my room?"

"Of course not," Christi answered. She picked up my duffel and headed upstairs with Allie.

I went down to the garage and pulled out the tubes. With a little bit of compressed air, the two tubes were reinvigorated. I walked down to the dock and made sure the boat had enough gas to make it through the rest of the afternoon. I tossed the tubes into the boat while I was there.

I trotted back into the house and went upstairs to get changed. My room was at one end of the hall, and Christi's was at the other end. The guest room was in the middle, right at the top of the stairs.

I looked up as I took the last step. Allie was looking out the window with her back facing toward me. She was naked from the waist down. I took in the sight of her ass and her toned, thin legs. I couldn't remember if she played a sport, but she definitely had the physique of an athlete.

Maybe she hadn't heard me climbing the stairs. I wasn't trying to be quiet, but perhaps she was lost in thought or something. Either way, she neither turned around nor made any effort to cover up. I let my eyes linger for a moment longer and then headed down the hall toward my room. I felt my sex hardening from the view I had just taken in.

Reaching my room, I shut the door and shed my clothes. I grabbed a plain white t-shirt and some navy blue swim trunks. When I pulled them on, they were looser than I remembered, as I had lost some weight over the last six months. Apparently I had lost more weight than I thought. My bathing suit easily had an extra inch or two around the waist, but without an alternative, I just pulled the strings as tight as they would go and tied a double knot. They were still loose, but they would have to do.

I grabbed my sunglasses and emerged from my room into the hallway.

"Ready to go?" I called out.

"Yup," Christi replied, stepping into the hallway from her bedroom. She was wearing the less-revealing white bikini that she had shown me.

"Me too," Allie said. Not to be outdone by Christi, Allie opted for a bright pink bikini and a trendy pair of sunglasses. My mind wandered back to what I had seen a few minutes earlier.

The three of us went downstairs and grabbed a few final things. I got some towels from the linen closet while Christi and Allie packed some drinks in a cooler.

"Want anything other than beer?" Christi called out.

"Nah," I said. "Beer is fine with me."

"Okay cool," Christi answered. "Want to carry the cooler to the boat?"

"Sure, sis," I said, feigning an exasperated tone.

"Thanks, little brother," Christi answered. She smiled as I picked up the cooler and headed out to the dock.

Allie and Christi followed close behind me. I boarded the boat first and secured the cooler up against the side of the boat. The girls followed, and Christi apparently decided to be the captain for the afternoon. She started the engine and navigated out into the open lake while Allie and I cracked open a couple of beers.

Reaching an unobtrusive spot toward the middle of the lake, Christi let the boat glide along gently. The three of us sat and talked for a while, sipping our cold drinks and soaking up the afternoon sun.

"Why don't you two get onto the tubes?" Christi asked after we finished a round of drinks. "I want to see which of you can hang on longer."

"Sure," I said, shrugging. Allie agreed.

After making sure the ropes were firmly attached to both the boat and the tubes, I dropped the two tubes into the water. I removed my shirt and jumped onto one as Allie eased herself onto the other. After receiving the "all clear" from us, the boat jolted into motion and sped across the lake.

The boat swerved and glided across the water with ease. Christi took it easy on us to start, but she kicked up the intensity as we went. Instead of the more gentle circular pattern she followed before, Christi navigated the boat across its own wake in a tight pattern. Allie seemed to be hanging on for dear life as we continued on our journey.

There was more slack for my tube than there was for hers, so I was a foot or two behind Allie's tube. This offered me a view of Allie's butt, which I happily took in. Sure, it was covered by bright pink bikini bottoms this time, but my mind couldn't help but drift back to the view I had gotten earlier that afternoon.

Briefly lost in my reverie, I must not have been paying close attention to my surroundings. My tube bounced against the water, and I lost my grip at the top of the tube. Fortunately, I was able to grab onto the back of the tube, with my head still above the water and my lower half submerged. Less fortunately, Christi showed no signs of slowing down, and one more trip through the wake of the boat caused my already loose swim trunks to fall off. Christi zoomed ahead, foreclosing any opportunity for me to regain my bathing suit. I desperately tried to keep the lower half of my body underwater.

All it took was a few more turns. I couldn't maintain my grip from this precarious position, and I fell backward into the lake. An able captain, Christi saw that I had fallen off my tube and circled back so I could climb onto the boat. Treading water, I remained almost frozen, too afraid to climb out of the water. Meanwhile, Allie climbed up onto the boat from her tube after having held on successfully.

"Come on up, Jack," Christi said. "Unless you want to swim for a bit?"

"I, uh..." my voice trailed off. "I can't."

"Why not?" Christi asked. "Can't face the shame of letting go first?"

"Something like that," I answered as my face reddened. Looking up and catching another glimpse of Allie's rear did nothing to help matters. Her bikini bottoms were wedged in pretty good, so I had a nearly unobstructed view of her round cheeks. My dick hardened in response, becoming semi-erect beneath the water.

"Will you just get out of the water?" Christi prompted. "I want to have a go at it and see if Allie can last longer than I can."

"Can you toss me that towel first?"

"The towel? Why? It's going to get soaked."

"I, uh, lost my swim trunks."

The girls looked at each other for a second or two then laughed.

"Oh, there's no way you're getting that towel now," Christi said. "Come on out of the water or we're leaving without you."

Realizing I had no choice, I swam toward the boat and took hold of the ladder. I climbed up as quickly as I could, my semi-hard sex dripping along with the rest of me. I stumbled and fumbled my way across the boat to grab a towel, wrapping it around my waist as fast as possible.

"That's quite a show you put on there, little brother," Christi said. "Or maybe I shouldn't say 'little' anymore." Christi laughed, and Allie joined her.

"Oh shut it," I said. "I'm not going to apologize for being well endowed, shall we say." I winked, knowing the only way to outdo Christi in a situation like this was to exude confidence.

"Ew," Christi said somewhat playfully. "I don't ever want to hear you say the word 'endowed' again when you're talking about your junk."

"Yeah, yeah," I said. "Move over so I can take the wheel. I'm going to give you a taste of your own medicine."

As I switched places with Christi, I couldn't help but notice that Allie was glancing at my towel-covered crotch. Maybe it was just curiosity, but she definitely stole a glance or two. If she was trying to be discreet, she was unsuccessful, though I wasn't going to call her out on it.

"You ready to go again, Allie?" I asked, looking right into her blue eyes which had an almost electric quality to them.

"You bet," she said, meeting my gaze. Whether she knew she had been caught or not, she had an attractive confidence about her. I liked that.

The two girls jumped onto their respective tubes and gave me a thumbs up. I revved the engine and motored across the lake a few times. With a few figure eights and sharp turns, the tubes were bouncing up and down as the boat sped through the water. The girls fell off at nearly the same time, so I slowed down and circled back to retrieve them.

Soaking wet, they each climbed back onboard and grabbed a towel to wrap around their bodies. We decided to pull the tubes back onboard and drift across the water for a bit, letting our skin soak up the late afternoon sun. Christi passed us another round of beers, which we each cracked open in succession.

"To a great weekend," Christi said.

We clinked our glass bottles together in unison and resumed our chatter from before. I had nearly forgotten my lack of swim trunks until I had started to move. I quickly decided against any further motion.

We chatted about the girls finishing college and their plans for the upcoming year. I couldn't help but notice a certain sadness in their voices. The fun and carefree days of undergrad were over, and the real world would confront them soon enough. Even so, the summer was one last refuge from their fate, and they seemed determined to enjoy both the coming weeks and the current weekend.

Afternoon turned to evening, and we agreed to head back to the lake house. After we arrived at the dock, the girls headed inside to shower while I tied up the boat and took the tubes inside. Having confirmed that the boat was properly secured for the evening, I went inside and up to my room.

I didn't hear the water running, so I grabbed a change of clothes and headed to the bathroom for a shower of my own. After showering, I went downstairs, now fully clothed.

I was looking at my phone as I walked into the kitchen, so I wasn't paying especially close attention. I looked up and saw Christi standing behind the counter topless. I did a double take.

"What the hell is this?" I asked.

"What the hell is what?" Christi answered.

"I mean, why aren't you wearing a shirt?" I countered, completely bewildered.

"Well, I figured that since you so boldly embraced a clothes-free approach out on the lake, I could do the same here in the house. Besides, bras are uncomfortable and I got a bit of a sunburn this afternoon, so it's just easier not to wear a shirt."

Christi and I had always been relaxed around each other, but this was new. Her pert breasts stood out from her chest. She had thick brown nipples and wide light brown areolas, clearly displaying her progression into womanhood. She had never gone topless around me before, and I wasn't sure how to react.

"They're just boobs, Jack," Christi continued. "I know Molly was a bit of a prude and all, but I figured you'd at least have seen a pair of tits before."

"I have seen boobs before, thank you very much," I said. "But you're my sister."

"So?" she responded. "What's that got to do with anything?"

"It's frickin' weird," I replied. "Besides, what's Allie going to think?"

"I don't think anything," Allie jumped in. She must have just come downstairs. She also didn't seem to have a shirt on, though a towel around her neck draped down to cover her boobs.

"See?" Christi interjected. "No big deal."

I was gobsmacked. My sister and her best friend were standing in front of me topless. This was not what I was expecting for this weekend.

"Allie and I lived together at school for years. We've both seen each other naked. And we're not shy. So, unless you have a problem with it, we thought we'd have a clothing optional weekend. After all, we already saw your little exhibition earlier, so there's not much left to hide. If you want to keep your clothes on all weekend that's your call, but if you'd rather try something a little different, be our guest."

I blinked. I had no idea what to say. It felt weird to be around Christi naked, but then again, we were both adults. And I definitely wouldn't mind seeing Allie naked all weekend, especially after the sneak preview I got earlier.



"Don't you want to cool off?" Allie said, taking the lead. "It must be ninety degrees. There's no air conditioning. You really want to wear more layers?"

"I, uh..." I struggled to find words.

"Come on," Allie said. "We can do it together. You take off your shirt, and I'll take off my towel. Then we can go from there. Deal?"

"If you say so," I said. I'm no dummy. If Allie was about to go topless, I definitely wasn't about to stop her. I pulled my shirt over my head and dropped it onto the floor.

"See? Now that wasn't so hard, was it?" Allie replied. She took the white towel from around her neck and tossed it aside. Her small but firm breasts were now fully visible. She had relatively small pink nipples with similarly small light pink areolas. Her body was fit and lean. She had a tight tummy and compact torso that were suggestive of some kind of effective fitness regimen.

"We can start there and see how it goes," Christi said. "If you get uncomfortable, you can put your shirt back on, but Allie and I are going to act the same way that we would if we were still in college."

I just nodded. This weekend was turning out very differently from how I expected.

"It's getting late, so we should probably make dinner," Christi continued. "We bought some burgers yesterday. If you can go outside and grill those, Allie and I will take care of the rest."

"Sure," I said. "Medium okay with you guys?"

The girls nodded in unison.

"Cool," I said. "I'll get started on those now."

I grabbed the burgers from the fridge along with a plate and some grill utensils. My head still clouded from the afternoon's events, I stepped outside onto the deck to fire up the grill.

It wasn't quite as hot as it was earlier, but it was still a warm summer evening to be sure. It felt nice to go shirtless in the heat, even though the whole thing felt wrong. I mean, I had only met Allie once before, but I could at least rationalize that part of the situation in a roundabout way. Christi, on the other hand, was my sister. We weren't touching each other or anything, but seeing my sister go topless around the lake house was so different from what I was used to. Then again, if she could do it without feeling uncomfortable, so could I.

My mind continued to wander as I grilled the burgers. I still felt some embarrassment over the incident out on the lake. I knew I should have tied the swim trunks tighter or bought some new ones or something. There was nothing I could do about that now, though. Allie and Christi had seen me naked. I was just going to have to come to terms with that.

To be honest, there was something exhilarating about it. It was no secret that my relationship with Molly was lacking in the intimacy department. She was a pretty reserved person who wasn't really into fooling around. That was totally fine — it was her choice to make, after all — but that led to many months without sex or anything even remotely close to it. By the end of the relationship, we rarely even saw each other naked. When we did, it was because we were changing clothes or getting ready for bed, and Molly would almost always avert her gaze. I honestly can't remember the last time she saw me fully nude.

In a way, it was nice to be looked at again, even if it was unplanned. It felt good when Allie looked toward my crotch, not away from it. For a brief moment, it was like I was putting on a show, and the audience was focused on me. When your own sister seeks out a better view of your dick than your ex-girlfriend did, it really puts things in perspective.

"Almost done?" Christi called from inside the house, jostling me from my memory.

"Yeah, I'll be right in," I called back. I took the burgers off the grill, put them onto the plate, shut off the grill, and headed inside.

Christi and Allie were shuffling back and forth between the kitchen and the table. I hadn't gotten a full view before since they had stood behind the counter, but it quickly became apparent that the girls saw no use for shorts, either. They both opted for a pair of undies and nothing more. I strangely felt overdressed in my khaki shorts.

"Mmm, those smell good," Allie said when I placed the burgers on the table.

"Thanks," I replied. "Need me to take anything out here from the kitchen?"

"Nah," she said back. "If you're looking to take something, you could always take those shorts off."

Allie grinned and winked at me, then spun around and headed back toward the kitchen. Her skimpy light blue panties did little to conceal the shapely round ass that I had caught glimpses of earlier. My sex began to harden in response. I desperately tried to set my mind to something else.

I walked back out onto the deck to clean off the grill and collect the utensils. If nothing else, it was a simple task to which I could direct my attention for a couple of minutes.

I rejoined the girls inside once I was done. The table was covered with food — burgers, buns, chips, potato salad, and the like. I hadn't eaten since lunch, so I was starving.

"Want a beer, Jack?" Christi asked from the kitchen.

"If you guys are having one, sure," I replied.

Christi brought a few glass bottles to the table along with a bottle opener.

"I think that's everything," Christi said.

"I don't," Allie jumped in. "Didn't I tell you to ditch the shorts, Jack?"

"Allison!" Christi interjected. "No pressure, remember?" For an instant, it was like Christi took on a protective role. It must have been that big sister instinct.

"Oh please," Allie answered. "It's not like he's hiding anything we haven't seen before. If you'd rather keep them on, go ahead though."

"No, that's alright," I said, not wanting to be outdone. "I'll take them off."

I unbuttoned the khaki shorts and gently pulled down the zipper. With a quick tug, my shorts fell to my feet, and a swift kick sent them cascading into the corner.

"Happy now?" I said playfully, locking my eyes onto Allie's.

"Yup," Allie said, smiling. "Now we can eat."

The three of us sat down at the table and filled our plates. The clinking of glass bottles followed along with the compulsory "cheers."

"So you two dressed like this all the time at college?" I asked.

"Pretty much," Allie answered. "Once we started rooming together sophomore year, it didn't take long for us to give it a try. It was always so damn hot in those dorm rooms. We had to do something."

"So you just said to each other 'let's get naked' and the rest was history?" I jested with a wry smile.

"You remember how hot it was when I moved in freshman year," Christi answered. "When Allie and I moved ourselves in the next few years, we worked up quite a sweat. The fastest way to cool down was to ditch the extra layers. After that, it just kind of stuck."

"Yeah," Allie interjected. "It wasn't any better in the winter, either. That old radiator heating never seemed to turn off. Going clothes-free made it more bearable."

"And you two didn't find it weird or anything?" I asked.

"Nah," Allie replied. "I mean, when you're in the same room while your roommate is fucking a guy she brought back from a party, there's not much left to hide after that."

"Allie!" Christi exclaimed.

"Oh come on, Christi," Allie said. "Jack's a big boy. I think he knows you've had sex by now."

"Okay, that's fair," Christi said, realizing Allie was right.

"What he might not know," Allie continued, "is how vocal you were during it." Allie smiled and winked at Christi.

"I'm not surprised," I quipped. "She's pretty loud at home when she masturbates. I doubt it would be much different with a guy."

"I hate you both," Christi said. She feigned anger but clearly was enjoying the lively banter.

The three of us shared a laugh and finished our dinner. We migrated to the living room to sit and chat a little more.

"At least I didn't decide to show my dick to the entire lake today," Christi joked, picking up the conversation right where it had left off.

"It was an accident!" I protested. I was never going to live that down.

"Mhmm, sure," Christi retorted.

"Speaking of which," Allie said, "when is that cock of yours going to make another appearance? It must be awfully hot to keep it all cooped up in those boxers." Her hypnotic gaze continued to suck me in. Even with her perky boobs hanging out, it was her eyes that transfixed me.

"As soon as you ditch the panties," I countered. I had no idea if this would go that far, but it was worth a shot.

"Deal," Allie replied. She put her beer on the coffee table and rose to her feet. She grabbed her undies by the waist and, with a quick tug, sent them tumbling to the ground.

I couldn't help but look. Allie's sex was clean shaven. She had prominent outer lips that filled the space between her legs. There were clearly visible tan lines from her bikini, almost adding an aura to her pubic area from the difference in skin color.

"Ahem," Allie said. "Your turn."

"Oh, right," I said. I stood up and pulled down my boxers, which promptly fell to my feet. Seeing Allie naked must have caused my dick to start to harden. Or maybe it was the same exhilaration from being naked that I had felt earlier. Whatever the reason, I looked down and quickly realized the situation, but there was nothing I could do to stop it. I also became acutely aware of the less-than-neatly manicured tangle of pubic hair that surrounded the base of my shaft.

"Well hello again," Allie said with a smile. "Seems like you're a little excited there, huh?"

"I'm sorry," I said quickly. "I wasn't... It just happens sometimes." After months of witnessing Molly's distaste for any signs of arousal, I felt the need to apologize.

"Relax, Jack," Allie said. "I'm only kidding. I take it as a compliment." She offered a disarming smile and stepped toward me. "I must say that you've got a pretty nice cock. It's nice to see it at full attention compared to earlier."

To my surprise, she reached down with her right hand and took hold of my sac. She gave each nut a gentle squeeze and let the weight of them rest on her palm.

"Solid set of balls, too," Allie added.

This was entirely unexpected, but no one had touched me like that in so long. I relished the sensation. My dick was fully hard now.

"Your brother's got a pretty nice package, Christi," Allie continued. She ran her index finger along the underside of my shaft and then pulled away to reclaim her seat on the couch. My body shuddered from the feeling.

"Allie!" Christi exclaimed. "That's my brother you're talking about!"

"And?" Allie retorted.

"And... I don't know. It's just a little weird."

"I'm just stating a fact. And here's another fact. You're still wearing your panties."

"I don't believe my undergarments were part of your deal, Allison."

"I don't believe that makes a difference," Allie said. "Either you can take them off, or I'll take them off of you. Your choice."

"Ugh, fine," Christi said, halfheartedly attempting to sound exasperated. She stood and quickly removed her panties before sitting back down.

"No no no," Allie said. "Stand back up and show the group just like Jack and I did."

Christi complied. I instinctively turned my head in the other direction.

"It's okay, Jack," Christi said gently. "You can look. I looked at you. It's okay to be curious."

I slowly turned my head back toward Christi. Unlike Allie, Christi had a trimmed triangle of dark brown pubic hair. It was neatly maintained, but the mass of dark hair filled the space atop her mons. Two pale fleshy lips appeared below.

I didn't know how to react. I mean, Christi was my sister. I wasn't attracted to her or anything, but I'd be lying if I said she wasn't attractive. Her boobs were fuller than Allie's, and her bush added a certain uniqueness to her crotch. She was a sexy, sophisticated woman.

"I see the bush runs in the family," Allie quipped.

Christi and I laughed.

"I guess it does," Christi answered. "But I keep mine a bit neater than that jungle of yours, Jack."

"I'll admit it's been a little while since I last trimmed it," I said, my face reddening.

"I like it," Allie chimed in. "Some guys get rid of it all these days. I like to see a little something there. It adds character."

"Thanks, Allie," I said.

"Remember Tony?" Allie asked, directing the question to Christi. "He used to wax his cock. There wasn't a single hair in sight. I think he thought it made him look bigger. It didn't. He was still on the smaller side and had no idea how to use that cock of his. You don't seem to have that problem, Jack. I'm sure the girls on campus appreciate it."

"Yeah, something like that," I said, a bit more dejectedly than I had intended. "I know my ex didn't really appreciate it."

"Did you and Molly have an active sex life?" Christi asked.

"Honestly, no," I said. I briefly recounted the troubles from the last few months of my relationship with Molly.

"Damn," Allie said. "That sucks. So what did you do? Did you just jerk off a ton?"

"I'd rub one out here and there," I said. "But I don't think it helped all that much."

"Time to get back in the saddle then," Christi said. "Why don't you come to that party at Joey's tomorrow? Maybe you'll meet a girl who's down for some summer lovin' or something."

"I'll see," I said. "That's a problem for tomorrow. It's been a long day, and I'm pretty tired. I'm going to head up to my room, unpack a few things, and get some sleep."

"That's a good idea," Christi said. "We were up early too, so some rest sounds good."

"Same," Allie agreed.

The three of us cleaned up the last few things from dinner, turned off the lights, and headed upstairs. I was directly behind Allie and got a clear look at her fantastic ass. My erection had subsided from the talk about Molly, but it was bound to come back after this.

"We've been keeping all the windows open at night to cool things down," Christi said. "And we've been leaving the bedroom doors open. The cross-breeze has helped."

"Sounds good," I replied. "Anything to help with the heat."

I went to my room and started unpacking while the girls used the bathroom and got ready for bed. Before heading to their bedrooms, they stopped by my room to say goodnight.

"Night, Jack," Christi said. "I'm glad you came up for the weekend." She gave me a quick kiss on the cheek, which was nothing new. "I'll see you in the morning."

"Yeah, goodnight, Jack," Allie said, following suit. She, too, decided to give me a quick kiss on the cheek. I stood there motionless as they turned around and walked down the hall to their rooms.

My balls were aching. I wasn't used to this. I grabbed a toothbrush from my bag and went to the bathroom to get ready for bed.

I turned on the bathroom light and closed the door behind me. My dick was fully hard again. I set my toothbrush down on the counter and instinctively began rubbing my throbbing sex organ.

"Jack?" Allie's voice called out from the other side of the door. "I think I forgot my phone in the bathroom. Can I grab it?"

"Sure, no problem," I said. Not thinking, I continued stroking my dick in one hand and opened the door with the other.

"Thanks, Jack," Allie said. "Oh... I didn't mean to interrupt."

Realizing what she had just witnessed, I quickly stopped rubbing and began apologizing.

"Sorry, Allie," I said. "I didn't realize..." my voice trailed off.

"It's okay, Jack," she said. "It's not a big deal. In case you haven't noticed, I'm pretty laid back."

Allie stepped into the bathroom and closed the door behind her.

"I can help if you want," she said.

"You don't have to, Allie," I replied.

"But I want to," she said, taking my dick in her hand. "I didn't mean to bring up all that stuff about your ex. Let me make it up to you."

"You really don't have to do that," I insisted, but she had already started stroking.

"Do you want me to stop?" she asked, continuing to work her magic on my sex.

I shook my head.

"Good," she said. She stroked my hardened shaft with one hand and fondled my balls with the other.

After all those months with Molly, I had forgotten just how good this could feel. With every stroke and tug, I inched closer toward the point of no return.

"Tell me when you're close," Allie said softly.

"I'm almost there," I said.

"How close?"

"Pretty close. Listen, I can finish it off myself if you don't want to."

Without even responding, Allie took me in her mouth. Her tongue worked along the underside of my shaft as her mouth moved back and forth along my length. Her hand continued to play with my balls.

Kneeling in front of me, Allie looked up at me as she sucked my dick. Her electric blue eyes looked into mine as her shoulder-length blonde hair swayed back and forth.

I reached my breaking point.

"Oh shit, Allie," I said. "I'm about to come." I expected her to stop, but she just kept going.

Keeping the same steady rhythm as before, Allie moved her mouth up and down along my sex. I felt the warmth build inside me and then came hard. I shot a few thick ropes of cum into Allie's mouth. My knees buckled as the flow of cum slowed to a trickle and then ceased entirely.

Allie stood up and spit the milky fluid into the sink. She smiled.

"So, how was that?" she asked.

"Amazing," I said. "Thank you. You really didn't need to do that."

"Shh," she said. "It's nothing. Get some sleep and I'll see you in the morning."

Allie spun around, grabbed her phone, and quietly opened the door. I watched as her naked body disappeared into the dark hallway.

I looked at myself in the mirror. My face showed utter disbelief. Determined not to let myself overthink the unexpected moment, I cleaned myself up, brushed my teeth, and headed back to bed. I smiled as my head hit the pillow, and I quickly drifted off to sleep.

*****

I woke early the next morning. After tossing and turning for half an hour in an unsuccessful attempt to fall back to sleep, I decided to get up and enjoy the quiet hours of the early morning. I instinctively started to put on some clothes but, wanting to stay true to my agreement with the girls, decided against it.

After a quick trip to the bathroom, I headed downstairs to make some coffee. To my surprise, Christi was already up and had a fresh pot of coffee brewing. Like me, she wasn't wearing a single stitch of clothing.

"Morning, Jack," she said.

"Morning, Christi," I replied.

"You're up early," she said. "Want some coffee?"

"Yes please," I answered. "I woke up early this morning and couldn't fall back to sleep, so I decided to just get up."

"Same," she said, handing me a cup of coffee. "But I figured you would've slept soundly after last night."

"What do you mean?" I asked, not knowing what she was getting at.

"That little rendezvous of yours in the bathroom with Allie."

"You heard that?"

"How could I not? You two weren't all that quiet. Besides, after living with her all those years, I know what it sounds like when Allie is sucking a guy's dick. From what I can tell, she's pretty good at it. It sounded like last night was no exception."

I took a long sip of coffee in an attempt to hide my embarrassment.

"I'm sorry, Christi," I said after a brief pause. "I didn't think you would hear. I didn't even mean for it to happen! I was in there trying to take care of things myself when she came in to get her phone. When she saw me jerking off, she offered to help because she felt bad about bringing up Molly. So I let her. It started as a handjob and, well, you know the rest."

"Mhmm," Christi said.

"It felt good to be touched like that again," I said. "It had been a really long time for me. It was nice to feel wanted, even if she was just being nice."

I paused for another sip of coffee.

"Are you mad?" I asked.

"About what?" Christi answered, looking more than a little confused.

"That I kind of fooled around with your best friend."

"Of course not. That doesn't bother me at all. What you and Allie do is up to you two. I just don't want to see you get hurt."

"What do you mean?"

"Allie can be kind of a free spirit. She's my best friend and I love her to death, but in the years that we lived together, she got with more guys than I can count. There's nothing wrong with that, so don't get the wrong idea. All I'm saying is that she has a tendency to move from one guy to the next pretty quickly, and I don't want you to fall for her and get hurt because you're looking for something to fill the void left by Molly. Sorry to get kind of preachy. It must be the big sister in me coming out."

Christi smiled her usual warm smile. In a way, her protectiveness was touching. It was nice to be reminded that she still looked out for me, even now that we were adults.

"Thanks for saying that," I said. "I won't get hurt. It was one blowjob. I doubt it'll go any further than that. I know I said all that stuff about it being nice to be touched by someone and wanted by someone after being rejected by Molly for so long, but I'm not really looking for a relationship right now. It's summertime. I'm busy with work, and I'm going back to school in the fall. If I have a little fun this summer, great. If not, it's not a big deal."

"I get it," Christi said. "Besides, it's nice to have a good orgasm every now and again, right?"

"No kidding," I replied. "Especially when I apparently agreed to spend the weekend in the nude with two girls. Let's just say I would've had to relieve the pressure one way or another."

We both laughed. I loved that Christi and I could talk about basically anything.

"Are you sure you're comfortable with it?" she asked.

"Yeah, why wouldn't I be?" I replied.

"I don't know. Maybe seeing your big sister naked would have grossed you out."

"No, not at all. Not to be weird or anything, but you've got a pretty incredible body. I must say the bush was a surprise, though!"

"You don't like it?" Christi asked, laughing. "Allie loves to make fun of me about it. I like it. I feel like it's something different."

"I didn't say that. I think it looks good. Besides, you should do whatever makes you happy."

"Thanks, Jack," she said. "Would you believe a guy once refused to go down on me because of it?"

"Fuck that guy," I said. "Actually, I hope you didn't."

We both chuckled at my choice of words.

"Oh I didn't. I kicked him out of my room. Allie was there, so we ended up lying on our beds and having a masturbation session instead. Let's just say it turned into a pretty fun night."

Christi winked at me. College girls will be college girls, I thought.

"More coffee?" she asked before I had a chance to inquire further.

"Please," I said, handing her my mug.

Christi went to the kitchen and refilled our mugs. She returned with two full cups of coffee and a couple of muffins.

"Allie and I picked these up from the bakery yesterday," she said. "She likes to sleep late, and I get hungry, so I figured I'd bring them over now."

We drank our coffee and nibbled on the muffins as we talked. It was nice to catch up. We talked about school, about Christi graduating, and about family. Christi told me that she was going to spend a year or two working as a paralegal in the city, but she was hoping to go to law school after that. I was excited for her. She was smart — far smarter than I am — and undoubtedly would make a great lawyer. It was amusing to think that the girl who could be the next great attorney or judge was sitting naked in her parents' lake house just casually chatting with her naked brother.

As was often the case, the hours passed quickly while we talked. By late morning, Allie had woken up and had come downstairs, though she still looked half-asleep. Her hair was a tangle of blonde curls, and she hadn't put on any makeup. It was nice to see her in a more natural state compared to the polished, put-together look of the day before. She, too, was completely naked.

"Good morning, princess," Christi said sarcastically. "How nice of you to join us at this early hour."

"Yeah, yeah," Allie retorted, playfully giving Christi the middle finger as she walked by. "Coffee?"

"In the kitchen," Christi said.

"Cool," Allie answered as she walked toward the kitchen.

"She's not a morning person," Christi said to me.

"Yeah, I figured that," I said.

"Don't worry," Christi countered. "She'll perk up. All she needs is a cup of coffee and she'll be good to go in no time."

We both chuckled as Allie rejoined us from the kitchen.

"What's so funny?" she asked as she took a large sip of her coffee.

"Oh nothing," Christi said. "We were just reminiscing about an old family memory, that's all."

"Ah," Allie replied, taking another sip of coffee. "So what's the plan for today?"

"I figured we could go out on the boat for a bit," Christi said. "We can come back to the house for a late lunch and sit out on the deck to catch some of the afternoon sun. I wouldn't mind checking out the party at Joey's later tonight, too."

"Works for me," Allie said, already becoming a little more engaged after her morning coffee. "Do I have to put a bikini on for this?"

"We probably should," Christi answered. "If there's nobody out on the lake, maybe we take them off then. But we should have them with us just in case."

"Ugh, fine," Allie said dramatically but not at all seriously. "If you insist, I'll go get ready."

"Me too," I said. "I'll have to make sure I tie my swim trunks tighter this time."

We all laughed. I followed the girls upstairs, once again falling directly behind Allie and taking in the welcome sight of her round ass. I longed to reach out and touch it, but I was a little self-conscious after my chat with Christi, and I didn't want to push things too far. I just admired the view instead.

We all got ready pretty quickly and were set to go in about fifteen minutes. I was ready first and offered to pack some drinks for the trip. The girls readily accepted. I prepped the boat, and the girls joined me out on the dock. A few minutes later, we were off.

I navigated to a more secluded corner of the lake, hoping it would offer at least some privacy if we wanted to go clothing-free. Sure enough, almost nobody was around, so it looked like we would be able to do as we pleased.

"Well, there's nobody here," Allie said. "Time to ditch the suit." She removed her bikini in short order and cracked open a beer as she sat on the back of the boat.

Allie had a certain confidence about her. She was determined to do as she pleased no matter what anyone thought. In a way, it was refreshing to see.

"You two coming or what?" Allie called in our direction.

"Yup," I said as I turned off the engine and dropped my trunks. I grabbed a beer and joined Allie at the back of the boat.

Christi followed shortly behind with a drink in hand and without her bikini. Christi sat on my left and Allie sat on my right as our legs swayed back and forth off the end of the boat. Strange as this weekend was, I felt relaxed and at ease. I was glad I came.

Our time on the boat passed quickly. We sat, drank our beers, and talked for a while, breaking only for a quick dip in the water.

We returned to the lake house in the early afternoon. We made a quick lunch of leftovers from the night before and opted to eat out on the deck in the afternoon sun. Fortunately, some tall trees offered us privacy from the neighboring houses, so no one was catching glimpses of us dining in the nude, at least as far as we knew.

At Christi's suggestion, I brought up a few reclining deck chairs from the garage so we could work on our tans after lunch. The three of us stretched out and soaked up the warm rays of sun as afternoon turned into early evening. Every so often, I thought I caught Allie looking over at me, but it may have been the sun getting to my head.

I, too, attempted to catch a glimpse of Allie's naked body every now and again. When she wasn't looking, I'd sneak a peek at her small but seemingly firm boobs and her silky smooth sex. I think Christi picked up on my glances after a while, and she met my gaze with a "remember what we talked about" look. I mostly kept my eyes to myself after that.

After flipping over to get some sun on our backsides, we went inside for an early dinner at about half past five. Christi and Allie chatted about the party at Joey's later that night, but I wasn't paying much attention. Between the early morning and the sun exposure, I was exhausted and chose to let my mind wander. All I gathered was that Christi was pretty intent on going. I wasn't surprised considering my chat with her earlier in the week.

"Do you want to come with us?" Christi asked me as we cleaned up the table after dinner.

"No, I don't think so," I replied. "I'm pretty tired and don't think I'm feeling up to it. I might try to relax here and get to bed early."

"Are you sure?" Christi asked under her breath when Allie was out of earshot. "I'm sure there'll be some girls there, too. It could be a fun night."

"I'm sure," I said back. "Thanks, though. It's nice of you to think of me." I put my hand on her back and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. Despite being naked, the interaction felt pretty normal, which was a little surprising. I guess we had gotten used to it after only a day or so.

The girls went upstairs to get ready while I finished cleaning up downstairs. When I finished, I went to my room, sprawled out on the bed, and quickly fell to sleep.

*****

When I woke up, my room was still dark. Outside the windows, the sun had set, but the light in the hall offered some illumination.

I fumbled around on the bed in an effort to find my phone and figure out what time it was.

"Oh hey, you're awake," a voice called from the doorway. It was Allie.

"Hey," I said groggily. "Yeah, I just woke up. I thought you were going to that party with Christi?"

"I was," she said. "But she seemed more interested in getting with Joey than in going with me. And putting clothes on just seemed like such a hassle," she added with feigned exasperation.

"Not interested in a bunch of frat guys like my sister is, I take it?" I asked.

"Not really," she said. "Especially when I can have the guy I'm after without leaving the house."

"Is that right?" I asked rhetorically.

"Mhmm," she answered, moving further into the room from the hall. "You saw what I could do with my mouth last night. Don't you want to see what the rest of me can do?"

I was speechless. After my chat with Christi, I wasn't sure how to react. I never thought it would get this far.

Allie didn't wait for a response. I felt her warm, smooth body brush against mine as she climbed into my bed. She ran her hand along my shaft, which had already begun to stiffen.

"Ooh, ready to go," she said. "I like that."

Allie leaned in and kissed me. Her lips were soft and supple. Before long, she opened her mouth to me and offered her tongue — an offer I readily accepted. She knew what she was doing.

She reached back with her hand to stroke me while we kissed. I was as hard as ever, a fact that was not lost on Allie. She lifted her hips and guided me to the opening between her legs. I felt the wetness as she slipped me inside of her, as she slid down my length, as she wrapped her sex around me.

I started to lift my hips when Allie stopped me.

"No no," she said. "You just lie back and enjoy the ride. I'll let you do the work when we go again later."

I did as I was told. Allie began rocking her hips back and forth, letting me push my length deep inside of her with each motion. She bent down to kiss me again, more urgently than before, thrusting her tongue into my mouth where it forcefully met mine.

Allie picked up the pace. Her torso vigorously bounced up and down as she placed my hands on her boobs. Her body twitched as I pinched each of her tender nipples.

"I can't last much longer," I said as I felt the warmth building in my crotch.

"I'm ready when you are, Jack," Allie replied. "Just let go."

"You mean I can —" I began to say. But it was too late. Allie sent me over the edge as I sent a few long spurts of cum into her sex. She continued to ride me as my stream of cum turned into a slow dribble.

When I had finished, Allie leaned down and kissed me once more before lifting off of me.

"Glad you came?" she asked unironically as she walked down the hall to clean herself up.

"Mhmm," was all I could muster. But I really was glad I came — not just in bed with someone who wanted me, but also to the lake house in the first place. This was turning into a weekend I would never forget, and it had only just begun.

