Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Seventy-Three: Breeding the Centaur's Daughter
Summary: Pyrriah breeds the chieftan's daughter.
Keywords: Hf MF Ff inc oral creampie anal exhib voy public breed wife cheat cuck 1st inter
Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Pyrriah  The Savannah, Kyaza's Tribe

I grinned at the chief's daughter giving me such a guilty look. The ebony cutie thought she was in so much trouble because I caught her peeping on my brother Kurtis fucking her mother. My brother was in there taking the chief's wife hard.

Centaur women were so gorgeous. Human and nubile. 

I... I... the girl whimpered. She was maybe fourteen or fifteen. Ripe and ready to do such wicked things. I was just... I mean...

It's okay, I purred and opened my robe. I let it fall off my body, revealing my round breasts and blue bush. I still wasn't used to having blue hair or being a hermaphrodite. I missed the Phoenix so much. I used to have a role in the party.

I wasn't sure what mine was now.

The lust burned so hot through me, though. They blazed, demanding that I do such wicked, wicked things. I was eager for that with this girl. My clit throbbed and sprouted into my hermaphrodite-cock. I shuddered as it happened.

That wild moment of swelling delight. The slender girl stared at it, quivering in her hide skirt wrap and a band of cloth tied around her budding breasts. She licked her lips as I felt her lust and curiosity grow in her.

You are... She stared up at me. I thought elves had pointed ears.

I'm a demigoddess like my brother, I purred. A daughter of Las. My mother was a hermaphrodite, so I am, too.

Oh, she said, her body trembling as her lusts mounted. I reached into her and gave her a little nudge. This was such a delicious thing to do. She was so different from her mother, that busty woman gasping in delight in there.

My brother did so love cuckolding men. Even a centaur chieftain.

I wondered if I could breed her. That would be hot. I bet I could. Leave a daughter in the daughter's belly while my twin left a son in the mother's womb. He would. He always knocked up new women he fucked. He could control if he did it.

I bet I could, too.

So far, I had only fucked women that were already bred by my brother or were off-limits for breeding (which was my mother). I quivered in delight as the girl stared at my cock. I wanted to sink into her pussy and just fuck her hard.

Turn around, I told her. Face the hole you were peeping through. Go on. Don't be shy. You wanted to see my brother fucking a woman. This is your chance. Watch him take your mother. Don't you hear how she's gasping in delight?

Yes, the girl whimpered and turned around. She presented her rump covered in the soft hide of a cheetah. The spotted fur on the back was cute. Exotic and wild.

I dropped to my knees, my hermaphrodite-dick slapping down on the girl's ebony rump. She was so much darker than me. I loved the contrast of my tan dick sliding over her delicious ass. I worked down toward the downy thatch of black hair adorning her pussy.

I nuzzled into her curls, loving them on my cock. They felt incredible on me as I rubbed up and down her slit. She moaned as my hermaphrodite-dick touched her. My clit-shaft ached to bury into her. I gripped her hips as she watched my brother fuck her mother.

I thrust.

The cutie moaned as I ripped right through her hymen. I reveled in popping my first cherry. I deflowered my first girl and made her into a woman. She moaned as her cunt swallowed my clit-dick. I sank my hermaphrodite-cock to the hilt in her tight depths.

She squeezed down around me like a silky vise. I couldn't believe how tight she was. How hot and silky. She whimpered as she adjusted to my dick in her. It was a wonderful thrill for me to have all that pussy wrapped around my cock.

I stroked her sides, caressing her ebony skin as she whimpered and adjusted to having so much cock in her. I loved that she had all my dick in her. It made this such a wicked moment. I smiled as I drew back my cock.

She moaned as I pulled back. I drew out my hermaphrodite-dick from her hot cunt. She clamped her twat down around me, massaging me. It was an outstanding moment. I buried back into her, my round tits heaving. My blue hair danced around my shoulders.

The chieftain's daughter moaned like a wanton hussy. Lady Pyrriah! Lady Pyrriah!

Mmm, I know, I purred, fucking her cunt hard and fast. I thrust into her snatch with force. I plowed deep and hard into her. Just enjoy that delight.

I am, she whimpered as I fucked to the hilt in her cunt. I buried deep and hard into her snatch. I fucked her with force. I love it!

I grinned as I pounded her deflowered pussy. She squeezed her twat around my cock. She held me tight as I pumped away at her. I fucked her with force. I thrust deep into her snatch. I pounded her with everything that I had.

I fucked her hard. Fast. I buried into her cunt with everything that I had. It was a delight. A wonderful thrill to hammer her pussy. My hermaphrodite-cock drank in the silky friction. My boobs bounced as I enjoyed the delight.

She clamped her twat down hard on me. She held me tight with that cunt. It was a wild moment to fuck her juicy snatch with my girl-dick. I hammered her as she moaned, watching my brother ravish her mother.

He's fucking her so hard, I purred. Isn't he?

Yes, she whimpered, squeezing her pussy down around me. Oh, wow, that's just so wild to witness!

Uh-huh, I moaned, burying to the hilt in her snatch. And now you get to see it. You get to watch it. Ooh, see him fucking her. He's plowing into her over and over again. And she's loving it!

Me, too! The girl clamped her twat around my dick. Oh, yes, yes, Lady Pyrriah. You're making me feel incredible!

I smiled, loving that delight. I pounded her with force. I fucked her with all that I had. It was just a wondrous moment to bury into her pussy with my hermaphrodite-dick. The pressure in my ovaries grew and grew. I wouldn't be able to last much longer.

I didn't want to last much longer. I just wanted to cum in the girl's snatch. I fucked her hard and fast, eager to erupt into her pussy. I slammed my dick into her cunt. She clamped down on me. She held me tight as I did that.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Las's big dick, that's so good. That's just a delight. Keep gripping my hermaphrodite-dick like that.

Keep fucking me, she moaned. Gods, that's wondrous!

I felt her orgasm building and building in her as I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her with everything that I had. It was a wondrous moment. I fucked to the hilt in her. I buried deep and hard into her cunt.

I slammed hard into her. It was fabulous to fuck her with force. I thrust into her again and again. I hammered her over and over again. She gripped my cock with her hot pussy. She held me tight with that wondrous cunt.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Las's big dick, I'm going to cum in you! I'm going to breed you!

Breed me, Lady Pyrriah! gasped the girl. Her pussy went wild around my hermaphrodite-cock.

I shuddered as her orgasm swept hot through her. The deflowered virgin trembled through her rapture. Her thick, woolly hair swayed around her face. I slammed into her pussy, burying to the hilt in her writhing depths.

She suckled on me. She nursed with everything she had on me. It was wild having her do that. I loved it. I savored her convulsing around me. My ovaries quivered. I gasped and threw back my head as my girl-seed flooded her fertile pussy.

I bred the chieftain's daughter.

My hermaphrodite-cum pumped into her writhing pussy again and again. Ecstasy shot from my clit-dick and slammed into my mind. My pussy spasmed, soaking my bush in my juices. The waves of rapture washed over my thoughts.

Las's big dick! I moaned, shuddering to such delight. 

I erupted again and again as she suckled at my hermaphrodite-cock. My clit-dick filled her with my seed. I loved pumping her hot twat with my cum. I shuddered there, my boobs bouncing as the pleasures swept through me. Dual delights that drowned me in euphoria.

She milked my hermaphrodite-dick. I erupted into her with the last blast of my girl-cum. I shuddered there, swaying from the bliss. It was such a titanic moment. I quivered, on fire. My head swayed from the delight of this moment.

It was perfect. Just a fabulous treat.

I swayed at all the bliss sweeping through me. I felt so good. I was so glad to be here. Just so thrilled to have all that pleasure washing through me. I groaned, sucking in a deep breath. I felt fantastic.

My heart pounded in my chest. It was just a wonderful time. I filled her up with all my cum while she whimpered there. I pulled my hermaphrodite-dick out of her pussy. My brother threw open the hide draping off the storage shed, the chieftain's wife on her back.

Have fun out here? he asked, his cock dripping in the married woman's cum.

Of course, I said, the busty, ebony beauty lying on her back in a happy stupor. She had ivory charms woven in her multitude of braids that spilled around her joy-filled face. Her big boobs rose and fell. Cutie, go eat out your mom's creampie as she eats out yours.

The girl gasped as I nudged her passion.

Her mother opened her eyes, my brother playing with the wife's desires. Oh, yes, come and sit on my face, Nyaza.

Yes, Mother, the girl moaned and scampered forward, crawling off my hermaphrodite-dick in the process.

I shuddered as her hot cunt no longer was squeezed about my dick. That felt just amazing. I panted, glancing at my brother. He grinned at me as I let my girl-cock shrink back into my clit. He wanted me. 

I wanted him.

My twin brother. We shared a womb. Lasla was almost as close as us. She was born at the same time. She was our dear sister, but she missed out on that one singular thing that I had with Kurtis. I shuddered as he pulled me into the storage hut.

Mother and daughter were both feasting on the other's sloppy cunt. The girl licked my brother's cum out of her mother's pussy while the chieftain's wife devoured my hermaphrodite-seed from her daughter's twat. It was a beautiful thing to witness.

So I was thrilled my brother pushed me down beside them. He lowered himself onto me. He kissed me with passion as his wet cock rubbed through my blue bush adorning my pubic mound. I kissed him back, loving him.

My heart pounded so fast.

I was so eager for him to take me hard. To make love to me.

He shifted his hips, moving his cock through my bush until he nuzzled against my pussy lips. I shuddered as he thrust into my snatch. My boobs rubbed into his strong chest. The mother and daughter we'd bred moaned beside us.

Mommy! cooed the girl.

Oh, my sweet girl, whimpered the mother.

I loved their sounds as they devoured each other. My pussy clenched down on my brother's cock as he filled me up. I had every inch of him in me. Every last bit of his shaft was in my twat. That was an incredible moment.

I quivered in delight as he thrust away at me. He pumped his cock in and out of my twat. It was fantastic having him thrusting away at me. He fucked me with such passion. He buried into me with all that he had. 

I shuddered as he fucked me with force. He buried into me with hard strokes. Powerful plunges. I quivered beneath him as he thrust away at my snatch. My cunt clamped down around him as the incestuous bliss rippled through me.

I broke the kiss and gasped, Kurtis!

Yes, yes, Pyrriah, he groaned, thrusting away at me.

His cock churned up my pussy. He fucked into me again and again. My legs and arms held him. I moved beneath him, clamping my snatch down around his cock as he worked it in and out of my pussy. It was fabulous.

Gods damn, that's good, he growled, his blue eyes full of such passion.

It is! I whimpered, wanting to climax beneath him. I ached for this quest to be over so I could have his babies again.

The mother and daughter moaned as they devoured each other, bringing each other closer and closer to cumming. The sounds of their passion were so delicious. I loved it as my brother drilled his big dick into my pussy.

He fucked me with such force. He pounded me with everything that he had. I loved it. He slammed his cock into my snatch. I squeezed my pussy down around him, reveling in all this bliss. It was a beautiful thing.

I'm going to cum on your cock! I whimpered.

I know, he groaned, his heavy balls slapping into my taint. They were full of his cum. All that jizz that would flood my pussy.

I wanted that so much. I ached for him to dump his cum into me. I squeezed my pussy around him as those heavy nuts, brimming with all his wondrous seed, smacked into my taint. I could feel the pressure building in him, too.

And in the mother and daughter beside us.

They were licking out the cum and making each other squeal in delight. They were sharing such a delicious meal. I loved the sounds they made while feeling their growing orgasms. It was hot sensing how close they were to cumming.

They suckled on each other's clits.

They moaned, squirming. My brother pumped away at my pussy as the incestuous pair beside us reached their crests. They both gasped out in delight as they climaxed together. Their pussy juices flooded out, bathing each other's faces.

Mommy! squealed the daughter. 

Oh, my little girl, gasped the mother.

I loved the sounds they made. My brother buried his cock into my pussy. I gasped as I joined them in incestuous rapture. My cunt convulsed around my brother's thick dick. He drew it back, his face twisting in delight.

Gods damn, he groaned and plowed back into me.

He erupted.

His heavy balls emptied their cum into my pussy. I loved the feel of his jizz splashing into my snatch. My cunt writhed around him. I shuddered beneath him as he dumped all that jizz into my pussy. He filled me to the brim with it.

I trembled, savoring that delight, my cunt writhing around his dick. I suckled at him with everything that I had. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. It was a magical moment. A wonderful thrill to have all that pleasure sweeping through me. I shuddered, suckling at his dick. 

Kurtis! I gasped as he pumped more and more jizz into me.

He shuddered on me as he filled my pussy up with all his cum. He flooded me with so much jizz I loved this moment so much. I quivered her, reveling in this bliss that washed through me. I was in just such blissful delight right now.

I suckled at his cock with my pussy. I worked out all the jizz that he had in his balls. All of his cum was in me. I trembled on him, so happy to have all that wonderful jizz in me. I could just have stayed like this forever.

He was such a magnificent stud. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

While my brother and sister were enjoying the centaur chieftain's family, I was eager to enjoy my own massive stud. My pussy was burning for it and my asshole tingling as one of the centaurs escorted me to a mating stone.

Another female, her ebony boobs swaying as she was taken hard by her mate glanced at me. She had such a happy look on her face. And of course, she did. She had a big dick stretching out her pussy and fucking her hard.

Every woman's dream.

You are going to be blessed by a Daughter of Las, Azayl, I told the male. He was handsome with a rugged face and that ebony skin. His horse half had a deep, black coat. He was magnificent. Are you ready to fuck my perfect ass?

I am, Lady Lasla, he said, his voice a deep rumble. He made me quiver in delight. I couldn't wait to have his big dick in my asshole.

I dropped my robe, letting it fall off my naked body. My cunt soaked my bush, my juices trickling down my thighs. He whinnied at the sight of me, his eyes wiggling up and down my light-tan body. I was so pale compared to them.

Magnificent, he groaned.

I know, I purred and winked at him.

I knelt on the stone and wiggled my rump at him. I was so ready to have him pound me. The stone, draped in soft hides for cushions, was just at the perfect height for him to fuck my pussy. Or my asshole. I wanted a centaur's mighty cock in my bowels.

Everyone in the tribe could watch me being taken hard by the stud. I quivered, a big smile on my lips. I was so ready for this stud to hammer my bowels. He mounted me, his fur rubbing on my back and ass. It was a delicious sensation.

His cock nuzzled into my butt-crack. Such a thick, blunt tip. I shivered beneath him, so ready to be ass-fucked hard. He slid down to find my asshole. He snorted like a horse. His hoofs clopped on the ground before he thrust.

Las's big dick! I moaned as the centaur's thick cock stretched and stretched out my asshole. My entire body quivered as he pushed harder. Fuck me! Fuck me, stud!

Ooh, fuck her, moaned the woman getting fucked on the other rock. 

I grinned at her as my asshole opened wider and wider. I shuddered as my anal ring stretched to take such a magnificent cock. I quivered in delight before I groaned as that huge cock popped into my bowels. He sank into my anal depths.

My eyes rolled back in my head as I enjoyed that huge cock sinking inch after inch into my anal sheath. I quivered on the rock, my round boobs swaying back and forth. My back arched into the fur of his belly as his dick sank deeper and deeper into my asshole.

Truly, you are Las's daughter to take so much of my cock, he groaned as he reached so deep into me.

Yes! I moaned, my entire innards melting from being stuffed with centaur-dick.

He drew back his cock. I squeezed my bowels down around him, loving that thick shaft in me. I gripped him with my shaft, loving the friction melting down to my pussy. My juices dripped down my thighs as he plunged back into me.

I howled in ecstasy. In wordless pleasure at that big cock thrusting away at me. It was magnificent to have all the cock slamming into me. He pumped away at me, making me quiver. I enjoyed every last second of that massive cock burying into me.

I squeezed my bowels around his cock. I took his dick into my asshole again and again. I reveled in that delicious dick slamming into me. He grunted as he fucked me with force. He thrust into my asshole again and again.

He churned up my anal sheath. He fucked my bowels with force, the centaur neighing as he buried into my asshole. I clamped down on him as my boobs swayed back and forth. My orgasm built and built as he fucked me.

Las's big dick, you have an ass, Daughter of Las! he grunted.

And you have such a mighty cock... I forgot his name already. But I didn't need to know his name.

I just needed that cock fucking me.

Pounding me.

He slammed into me with force. He fucked me with passion. I loved the way he buried into me again and again. He slammed deep and hard into my bowels, the heat melting to my pussy. I clamped my bowels down around him as I rocked forward and back.

The centaur had such powerful strokes. He buried into me again and again. My pussy swelled with the pressure. I hurtled toward that delicious moment when I would climax on his mighty centaur-dick. He thrust into me.

Oh, yes! gasped the woman as she climaxed. Put a foal in my womb! A colt to grow up into a strong stallion!

Her stud neighed as he plowed to the hilt in her pussy. His orgasm burst in his nuts. He fired his spunk into her pussy as she trembled there enjoying what he did to her. He fucked her with force. It was a delight to have all that passion sweeping through his body.

My centaur's orgasm built and built with rapture. He was going to cum so hard in my asshole. That was just so hot. I clamped down on him, my climax swelling toward that bursting point. I quivered in delight at how great this felt.

He slammed into me.

I exploded.

My orgasm swept through me. Waves of rapture washed through my body as my asshole spasmed around the centaur's massive dick. He pulled back his cock, my anal sheath suckling at him. He whinnied and thrust back into me.

Her erupted. 

Yes! he growled as he flooded me with his hot cum.

So much of his jizz pumped into my bowels. My eyes rolled back in my head as he soaked me with his jizz. He pumped blast after blast of his cum into my anal sheath. It was an incredible rush to have all that spunk soaking my asshole.

Las's big dick, he bellowed. I'm fucking your daughter!

Yes, you are! I moaned. Oh, Daddy, he's jizzing in me!

I didn't know if Las could hear us, but I hoped he was and he was happy. That he had a moment of peace knowing his sexy daughter was taking all that centaur cum in her asshole. I quivered here, my bowels rippling around that cock.

I wanted to have my father fuck me, too. I knew he would after we saved him. He was the God of Lust. He would fuck me and Pyrriah, too. If our brother was smart, he would breed us before we saved Las.

The centaur grunted as he pumped more and more of his cum into my asshole. He filled up my writhing anal sheath with all that spunk. I trembled, loving every last moment of the ecstasy sweeping through me. 

Oh, that's so good, I moaned. Ooh, that's just a delight.

He groaned as I drained him dry. My asshole milked out all his cum. I was so happy to have all that jizz in me. I quivered there, feeling so good. I glanced over at the other couple. The woman had her face resting on her hands, her ass in the air and her mate's cock still in her pussy.

You're going to get pregnant, I told her, feeling her mate's seed filling her womb. I gave one a nudge right to her egg. I promise.

Thank you, Daughter of Las, she said, smiling from ear to ear.

I felt so good about that. It was wonderful to help strangers. And I knew she would make such a good mommy. Maybe she would show her son how to please a woman as well as his father. Wouldn't that be hot to watch?

Yep. I loved being a Daughter of Las. I would help rescue him. Now, I needed to find more centaurs to fuck me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I felt good the next morning. The chieftain's wife and daughter had returned to the festivities unnoticed. Lasla looked happy from the various centaurs who had fucked her. I was surprised she wasn't walking bowlegged this morning.

I had enjoyed a few other women, of course. Young ones. Unmarried. I left a few more babies behind. I suspected Pyrriah was doing the same thing with her hermaphrodite-cock. It was a good visit. A wonderful people. 

Kyaza looked happy. She had gotten to see friends and family she probably never expected to meet again. They were thrilled she was alive. She returned to join the rest of us as we were packing up the camels to continue our trip to the Uth Jungle.

Chief Taryak with his wife and daughter flanking him approached. Behind him, a group of centaurs was carrying supplies on poles. They set them down before us as the chieftain smiled at us. His wife flashed me a naughty grin.

For our new friends who have brought us news of our dear, lost Kyaza, the chief said, supplies to keep you fed as you venture into the dark jungle.

My thanks, I said, bowing to him.

Yes, yes, you have brought much to our tribe, he said, his gaze glancing down at his wife. I am sure there will be many blessed wombs that will have strong foals carrying your powerful lineage.
He knew. He knew and smiled at me.

I was honored to share my seed with the unmarried women of your tribe, I said. I wish we could stay, but our quest is long and perilous. We have passed through many dangers, and more lie before us.

His face darkened. Yes, the Uth Jungle is not a place lightly entered. The savage rakshasas rule on their thrones of skulls. He flicked his gaze to my rakshasas. They know only cruelty and malice as they play their games of domination with each other. Stay clear of their bloody ziggurats.

We'll try, I said, not bringing up that we were heading for a mountain of bone where we would find what we sought. 

I have dispatched racers to spread the word to the other tribes that you are friends of the centaurs so you should not be molested by our folk, said the chieftain. Though a few tribes may wish to be blessed the Son and the Daughters of Las.

You have been too generous, I said as the new supplies were loaded on.

The centaurs cheered us as we departed. The women blew kisses at myself and Pyrriah while the males all shouted Lasla's name. She blew them kisses, a big smile on her lips. My sister had this smug grin as we left knowing that she would not be forgotten by the males.

I felt good about this meeting. I knew that we would have smooth travels in the days ahead. I was looking forward to that. Some peaceful days before the final leg of our journey would commence. The jungle sounded horrifying.

But we would face it with strength.

We had the Nephi, the rakshasa, Kyaza, Beliala, Stalker, and Nazak. Oberoy's fairy magic may prove useful, and Mother was always there. Our last resort. She would unleash her true power. Let the rakshasa do anything against her might. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana

Five days had passed since we left Kyaza's tribe. We had met two others who had hosted us. My children and Lasla had enjoyed themselves, of course. But the easy times were at an end. Ahead, the green band of the jungle loomed. 

We had traveled far, and there it was. Our ultimate destination. Worry rippled through me. I knew that my former friend Ziryihm would not give up in her mad quest to protect me by removing me from my son. Antagony was with her, that crazed amazon who had almost murdered my son.

Who had almost killed all my children with that foolish attack on the Treasure Box?

If I saw Antagony, I would rend her limb from limb. She better hope that son didn't free me from my collar and chastity belt around her, because I doubt my anger could be contained. I had the dragon's fire in me.

The reckless rage that had led to our near-extinction.

Even me, twisted by my nixie mother, had that anger lurking in me. It was good that I was collared by my son. That he chose when to use me because I would have not been as diplomatic as he had been several times.

We stopped to make camp on a hill overlooking at the jungle. We would enter the dark depths tomorrow. The transition from plain to dense forest was subtle, with a thickening of brush and an increase of trees until the wall of massive balsa and kapok trees rose ahead, mixed with some mahogany and ebony species. Vast trees reached for the sky.

I couldn't stop looking at the jungle in worry. I shifted there as dinner was cooked. Night fell. The moon rose bright and silvery, painting the grass with ethereal highlights, while the Uth Jungle grew black. Impenetrable.

A vast maw that stretched across the horizon threatening to swallow all that existed. It hungered for me. My son. Our family. We were merely things to be consumed by it. Small morsels that it would swallow with ease.

What if we never returned?

Arms wrapped around me from behind. My son's. Strong and comforting. His cock nestled between the cheeks of my rump. I squeezed down on his hard cock as I trembled. His lips kissed at the side of my neck just above my slave collar as he slid his hands up to my breasts. He cupped my large boobs. 

I sighed, melting into his embrace. It was such a comforting moment. I felt so safe in his arms. A smile spread on my lips as he kneaded my tits and his cock throbbed between my butt-cheeks. I could just stay like this all night long.

It's going to be okay, he whispered. We know what we must find. It's in there. What we need to free my father. We'll finish our business with Throwia. Las will be free. And so will we. Our kingdom awaits. Your wife. Your other daughters. Your grandchildren. They'll all be safe there. Queen Tinia is preparing us a mighty castle.

I know, I said, squeezing my rump around his cock. A refuge, but... I just wish we were there now.

Throwia. His fingers dug into my tits. 

Throwia, I repeated, sighing. 

There was no escaping a goddess's reach. We had to fulfill our task or become her slaves. Beliala was here to watch us. She pretended to serve us. Right now, she was eyeing Oberoy. Soon, she would be entertaining him in her tent. Whipping him, perhaps. He seemed to enjoy it as much as it shamed him. 

He craved the pain and punishment, the submission to someone greater. I understood that impulse.

I turned around and kissed my son. My boobs rubbed into his back. My nipples throbbed against his chest. His hands slid down to cup my rump. His cock now throbbed against my belly. So hard and mighty. A dick that needed to be loved.

To worship that mighty cock. My fears of the dangers of the jungle melted away with my desire to love my son. I brought him into this world. He was a part of me. I felt his heart beating beneath his chest against my breast.

I made that heart in my womb.

I fashioned that cock throbbing against my stomach.

I forged this powerful man standing here who would change the world.

I broke the kiss and sank to my knees before him. I grabbed his cock and stroked him. I worked my hand up and down his cock. I stroked him with passion as I stared up at him. He stared back down at me, his blue eyes bright. His smile confident.

I will follow you into the green darkness, I moaned and swallowed his cock.

Mother! he groaned as I suckled on his dick. My tongue danced around the crown of his cock. He throbbed in my mouth as I worshiped him. Gods damn, yes!

I felt so proud to be his mother. I nursed on him with all my might. I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down his dick, savoring the taste of his precum. He groaned as he throbbed in my mouth. He felt so wonderful between my lips.

This was where my son belonged.

I suckled on him with passion. I bobbed my head, nursing on him with all that I had. He groaned as I did that. My tongue flicked around his crown. I drove him wild. He slid his hand through my blue hair and gripped a handful of my tresses.

I stared up at my son and Master, loving him with all my might. I suckled on him, my cunt dripping juices. I wanted him so badly. I craved to have even more of his children. He smiled down at me as I suckled on his cock.

Another, huh? he said. Well... I should take some precautions before freeing Father.

I whimpered around his cock as I suckled with all my might. I bobbed my head, nursing on him with all my delight. I reveled in suckling on him. I nursed on him with all my might. My tongue flicked around his cock. 

He groaned and gripped the sides of my head. He thrust his cock to the back of my throat. I utterly surrendered as he drew back. I held his thighs, drool spilling down my chin. He thrust forward again and plowed his cock down my gullet. He fucked my throat. His nuts slapped into my chin.

I loved that meaty impact as I suckled on his cock with everything that I had. I nursed on him hard as he drew back. More drool spilled down my chin. I suckled hard on him as he thrust forward again. He buried to the hilt down my gullet. I shuddered as he did that.

He used my throat as he grunted, Mother! Gods damn!

I suckled hard on him. I worshiped him with passion. He thrust down my gullet over and over again. I loved how he fucked me. This was fantastic. His nuts slapped into my chin over and over again. They held that precious seed.

That's it, Mother, he groaned. Yes, yes, we are going to succeed.

She suckled hard on him.

He grunted, his cock throbbing down my throat. I just knew he was close to cumming down my gullet. He would pump so much spunk into my mouth. I was so ready for him to do that. He fucked me hard, burying down my gullet.

My son's grip on the side of my head tightened. He buried his cock down my gullet with hard thrusts. His meaty balls thwacked my chin while his pubic hair rubbed into my lips and nose. I couldn't believe how wild this was.

He grunted.

Erupted.

His cum pumped straight down my gullet and into my belly. I didn't get to taste a drop of his seed as he pumped blast after blast of jizz into my stomach. His nuts twitched against my chin as he unloaded all his passion.

Gods damn, Mother! he grunted as he erupted again and again.

His dick pulsed in my gullet. He flooded my belly with every that he had. He gripped the sides of my head. I stared up at his eyes, witnessing the pleasure in them as he erupted the final spurt of his cum into me. He panted, a smile spreading on his lips.

That was perfect, Mother, he groaned.Now... Now face the jungle so I can fuck you hard! I want to pound that cunt of yours, Mother! I want to breed you.

I ripped my mouth off his cock. His dick popped out of my lips. I gasped out, Yes, Master!

My pussy quivered with frantic delight as I spun around. My big boobs swayed back and forth, slapping together. I knelt there like a bitch. A dragoness-slut ready to be fucked hard. My son would pound me. 

The cock I had molded in my womb would fuck me. Breed me once more. I had shaped him to fit my cunt perfectly. I shuddered, waiting for him to fuck me. My fingers dug at the grass. The strands tickled the ends of my boobs, my nipples throbbing.

He dropped to his knees and pressed his cock into my hairless pussy. He nuzzled into my cuntlips. I trembled, so ready for him to ram into me. Just so ready for him to fuck me hard. I would love that. He teased me.

Please, please, breed your mother! I moaned, staring out at the darkness of the jungle. I defied it. Please, Master!

He thrust.

I gasped in delight and savored that wondrous cock filling my snatch. He stretched me out so wonderfully, fitting my pussy perfectly. I clamped my cunt down on his dick, reveling in this wonderful bliss. I wiggled my hips back and forth, stirring my snatch around him.

That's it, he said as he drew back his cock. Wiggle those hips and make me explode. You know just how to do that.

I do, I moaned. I promise you, my son, I know how to make a man cum!

He chuckled at my words. I loved hearing him make those sounds as he drew back his cock. My cunt clenched down on him, reveling in his girth. I shuddered, so happy to have my son's dick massaging my pussy. 

He buried back into my snatch. He slammed to the hilt in me with that big dick. I gasped at him doing that. It felt magnificent having him pumping away at me. Truly, he was Las's gift to me. The perfect dick that fit my pussy. Pyrriah's cock came so close, but my son was the exemplar of dicks.

The paragon of cocks.

I trembled with delight as my son thrust away at my snatch. He slammed to the hilt in my cunt again and again. He buried over and over into my pussy. It was a wonderful moment to have him fucking me like that. I enjoyed it so much. 

He gripped my hips and thrust over and over into my pussy. He churned me up with that magnificent dick. My boobs swayed beneath me as I rocked to his hard thrusts. The tips of the grass tickled my nipples.

Oh, Master, I moaned.

Mother! he grunted. I can feel that lust. You want my seed filling your womb.

Fertilize my egg, please, Master! I moaned. I want to have your children!

He slammed into me. He fucked me so hard. So fast. He thrust to the hilt in my cunt, [lowing deep and hard into my snatch. It was a wondrous delight. A pure moment of magic. I shuddered as he fucked deep and hard into me. It was spectacular to have that mighty cock of his fucking my twat.

I gripped my cunt with his dick. I held him tight as he plowed into me. My orgasm built and built as his balls slapped into my clit. Sparks sizzle through me. My son would have me squealing in no time. He was such a stud.

I loved him so much.

I was so thankful that Las had given me two wonderful children and a beautiful step-daughter.

My hips undulated, stirring my cunt around my son's mighty cock. He fucked to the hilt in my twat again and again. He buried deep and hard into my snatch. It was delicious feeling him burying deep. Hard. I trembled, my orgasm swelling faster and faster.

Yes, I whimpered.

Mother, he groaned as he fucked me. I quivered on the brink of climaxing, about to explode on that mighty dick. He buried into me, his hairy nuts smacking my clit. I threw back my head and howled, Cum in me, Master!

My cunt convulsed around his dick. My hot flesh suckled at him as he pumped away at me. I nursed on him, eager for his incestuous seed to pump into my snatch. I wanted all that jizz to fill me up. It would be magnificent to have every drop of it in me.

Yes, yes, yes, he growled as my cunt writhed around his dick. Mother! Gods damn!

His cum erupted into my pussy.

My son is breeding me! I howled to the night, feeling his seed flooding my womb.

I knew he found an egg in me. I could feel that magical moment happening in me. He grunted as he spurted into me over and over again. He filled me to the brim with all that spunk. He pumped his seed into my snatch over and over again.

I howled out in rapture, stars flashing across my vision. They danced with the ones shining overhead. He grunted, spurting over and over into my snatch. My twat milked him. I worked out all the passion from his dick.

Matar's big dick! I whimpered, my juices flooding down my thighs.

Yes, Mother! he growled. You are mine!

Yours! I gasped as the pleasure washed through me.

I trembled as my cunt suckled at his dick. I worked out drop after drop of his cum. I nursed out every last drop of him. My glorious son filled my pussy with his jizz. I shuddered, my boobs slapping back and forth.

I felt so good. Just divine. A big smile spread on my lips as he erupted that final time into me. He felt so good. I loved the way he panted. He stroked my body as we both shivered. My orgasm crested in me. Euphoria washed through my body.

That was amazing, I purred.

Yeah, he said. That was excellent. We're going to do it, Mother.

I know. I smiled. It's a mother's job to worry about her family.

He pulled out of me slowly. I shivered as that magnificent cock withdrew from my pussy. His excess cum spilled out after him. He ran down my thighs. I loved that feeling as I shivered here. It was such a magical moment. 

Mmm, dinner smells ready, I said and rose. It'll be

A horn resounded behind us. Another blared before us a moment later. My son whirled around only for something to whistle past his head. An arrow streaked out of the darkness and clipped his head. Blood spurted as he spun and collapsed to the ground.

Antagony! I roared and rose to my feet. I grabbed at my collar and tried to rip it off, fury hammering in my heart.

To be continued...
