The Dinner Show
by Showife (showife@hotmail.com)


We'd had quite a nice time attending a convention over 
past weekend. As usual it was a break from the long 
Midwestern winters and since we were away from home I'd 
taken the opportunity to expose Samantha a couple of 
times during the past few days. 

She'd been a good sport about the adventures I'd planned 
and was quite willing to flash every time that I 
suggested we try it out. However, tonight was the final 
night for the convention and as usual everyone attended 
a big dinner at the hotel. All the guests would be 
seated at those big round tables that hold ten people. 
The seating arrangements were random and it was very 
unlikely that we would be sitting with anyone we knew.

Sam just couldn't quite believe it, "Y-you want me to 
wear this? Without anything underneath it?" she asked me 
for the second time, as she held up a soft white blouse 
that was almost transparent. "Whoever's sitting at our 
table will be staring at my breasts for the whole 
evening." 

When I explained to her that was exactly what I was 
hoping would happen she blushed a bit and said that she 
didn't think she could deal with people sitting that 
close and staring at her nipples for such a prolonged 
time. I encouraged her to go and try the blouse on, and 
then after modeling it for me we could make the 
decision. 

I think that she already knew that as soon as she put it 
on it was a done deal and she finally said she would and 
started to get dressed.

After Sam had tucked it into her skirt she turned to me 
and walked back and forth in front of me as she tried to 
look in the mirror to see how sheer it really was. I 
think that if she'd have been watching me closely she'd 
have known just how transparent the blouse, because I 
was immediately turned on by seeing her in the blouse 
'and' knowing that she would be wearing it out in 
public. Sam's nipples were very visible through the 
fabric, as were the tan lines that crossed the tops of 
her breasts. 

After examining herself in the mirror she slowly turned 
to me and exclaimed , "It shows an awful lot of me, 
don't you think." 

Actually it couldn't show "A LOT" because Sam's only a 
32A, but in addition to showing her nipples and tan 
lines it also clearly showed the complete shape of her 
sweet little tits. 

When she said that she didn't think she could 'go like 
that all evening',  I suggested that she could start out 
by wearing a little jacket over the blouse at the 
beginning of the evening and then after we were seated 
at our table - and she was a bit more comfortable - she 
could then take off the jacket. 

Sam seemed to think that this would be a better idea and 
quickly went to the closet for a jacket. 

I appreciated her choice as it was a jacket that didn't 
button up or fasten in the front and it left a couple of 
inches open in front so it was easy to tell that she 
wasn't wearing anything beneath her sheer blouse.

Sam seemed to be quite comfortable dressed this way and 
since nothing was showing yet she was ready to go down 
for dinner. I guess that it was a good thing that we'd 
settled on the jacket, since there was quite a long wait 
to get into the banquet room and we ended up chatting 
with many people that we knew before we eventually found 
our table. 

When we were finally seated Sam was relieved to see that 
we were in a rather out of the way spot toward the side 
of the room. (Of course I planned that.) However, as the 
table started to fill up she became a bit tense when a 
couple of men that we had talked with the day before 
took the chairs across the table from us. Sam knew that 
the people who sat in those chairs would have a perfect 
view of her and she had been hoping that it would be 
somebody she didn't know, and who wouldn't know her 
name.

Eventually our table was full and much to Sam's relief - 
and mine too -  since I was afraid she might chicken 
out, we didn't know anyone else at our table. While the 
dinner was served Sam quickly downed a couple glasses of 
wine to help calm her nerves. By the time the dessert 
course was being served the business program was 
beginning. 

After the usual greetings and self congratulations a 
video presentation was introduced. As soon as the lights 
were dimmed I figured that this would be a discreet time 
for Sam to take off her jacket. She must have also been 
thinking the same thing as I only had to reach over and 
tug the hem of her jacket lightly and she immediately 
began to take it off. Since she didn't want to attract 
too much attention she simply folded it onto her lap. 

The next few minutes were agony for me as I waited in 
eager anticipation for the video to end. It seemed like 
an eternity, but in just a few minutes the house lights 
went up and the affect was startling. I had thought the 
blouse looked sheer up in the room, but here under the 
bright lights of the banquet room it was even more 
transparent than it had been up in the room. 

If Sam had known just how clearly it was showing off her 
sweet little breasts I'm sure that she wouldn't have 
agreed to wear the blouse to the dinner. It was very 
evident to anyone at the table that Sam's breasts were 
being displayed for anyone with eyes.

It didn't take long before the two men that we had 
previously talked with - and who were sitting directly 
across the table from us - lost all interest in the 
speaker and began to concentrate on my lovely wife's 
breasts. 

Sam was trying to concentrate on watching the program 
and avoiding any kind of eye contact with the others at 
the table. It wasn't long before all of the others at 
the table had also discovered Sam's tits.

For about 30-minutes the speakers droned on with one 
special guest after another being introduced. So far Sam 
had managed to keep from making eye contact with anyone, 
but she was beginning to have a hard time trying not to 
notice their stares. 

It became particularly evident as the man sitting next 
to her gave up all pretense of paying attention to the 
program while he stared intently at my wife's chest out 
of the corner of his eye. Her blouse was so sheer he 
really didn't have to look very hard to get a really 
good view of her little breasts. 

The guy that was sitting next to me was at the table 
with his wife and he was starting to get a bit 
embarrassed as his wife poked him when he would look at 
Sam too long. Finally, at his wife's urging, he leaned 
over and said something to me about Sam's blouse being 
"awfully sheer." He said it loud enough that a few 
others at the table, including Sam, also heard him. When 
I remarked that I had asked her to wear it because I 
liked to see her perfect breasts. He became all 
flustered and his wife eventually dragged him away from 
the table.

This caused a bit of disruption at the table, which 
finally forced Sam to have to look around the table 
instead of just staring at the stage. She quickly saw 
that all of the men had their eyes locked on her chest 
and she blushed quite deeply. She took another big drink 
of wine and looked over to me for some kind of 
direction. 

I leaned over and kissed her, and loud enough for most 
of the men at the table to hear, told her she looked 
really beautiful tonight, just the way I liked. With 
that she simply leaned back into the chair and closed 
her eyes for a few minutes while everyone stared at her. 

Although they were looking at my wife I was watching 
everyone's reaction to her being on display like this. 
Most were enjoying the show, while they had the chance, 
and a couple of the younger men even made eye contact 
with me and nodded or saluted with their drinks. One of 
the two men we'd met the day before was doing his best 
not to look but kept stealing glances anyhow.

I was just about ready to let Sam put her jacket back on 
when I realized that the guy sitting next to her seemed 
to be busy with his hands under the table. I leaned over 
and asked Sam if he'd reached out to touch her, but she 
nodded her head no. When I told her that it seemed like 
he was jacking off under the table she opened her eyes 
and looked first at me, and then over at him and peered 
down toward his lap. 

Although he was being very discreet it was obvious to us 
what he was doing. I whispered a couple of words of 
encouragement in Sam's ear and with a Madonna smile she 
picked up her jacket and put it back on. 

Needless to say the faces around the table looked a bit 
disappointed. It seemed like the situation was getting 
too close to the edge of losing control, so I suggested 
that we leave. 

When we got up a couple of the other guys protested and 
one wanted to follow us, but we quickly moved away. 
While we were waiting for the elevator Sam pulled open 
up her jacket to see how sheer her blouse looked in the 
bright light. 

When we got into the elevator she asked me if I was 
satisfied with her performance that evening, and also 
said that she was glad she hadn't known how visible her 
breasts really were through the blouse or she wouldn't 
have had the nerve to go through with it. 

I told her that she had made me happy, and I suspected  
- others was well -  and reminded her about how much I 
liked to show her off and how much I enjoyed watching 
her show herself to other people. 

Sam said the blouse had almost been as revealing as if 
she'd had been sitting there totally exposed. She 
commented about sitting in a public place for so long 
with her breasts exposed had really made her horny 
though. That was all it took for me to get naked and 
show my lovely lithe wife just how turned-on she'd made 
me that evening at dinner.

END