Getting over my shyness
by Rjun17 

Part 1

My name is Sarah. I’ve always been pretty Conservative about my body and shy to be seen even in my underwear or bikini.

One day I was swimming with my friend Millie in her swimming pool. Speaking of Millie, she has always been the cool, extroverted type girl who always believes in You Only Live Once. She would always be topless or sometimes even naked when it was only two of us in the pool, tanning out in the sun.

So it begins when she suggests me to be topless like her and tan out nude to avoid the tan marks all over my body. I gasped shockingly like, “ Mills, don’t you know me at all?” Millie just rolled her eyes.

I had thought she would have just ignored me and so I nodded off pretty soon on the chair out there. Suddenly I felt Millie’s hands over me, who had just walked over silently and was now tickling me all over (btw did I mention I’m extremely ticklish too)
She started attacking my stomach, chest, sides, arms, arm pits and even my DAMN CLEAVAGE(which gives me a strange tingling)
I soon started thrashing around. I was laughing really hard and I couldn’t even ask her to stop as my breath was lost.

Millie then speaks up while slowing her assault , “there’s no one even around here you weirdo, what’s the big deal?”

I catch up my breath and say, still panting, “I don’t care, I’m too shy and don’t want anyone to see my body.”

I thought she would stop and let it go but boy what was I thinking.
She gives me a devilish grin and says, “Sarah darling, I’m gonna get you over your shyness, whether you like it or not.”

So here she was, tickling me again, harder than before. My eyes were shut while I was thrashing around, so what came next shocks me.
I feel my bikini top strings getting loose. Before I could comprehend what just happened, i felt cool air around my breasts and nipples.


Part 2

I felt a wave of tingling all over my body as I started screaming. My face (and maybe my whole body) turned to a shade of pink. I watched Millie giving me a wicked grin while subtly biting her bottom lip.

She held my hands above my head and slid my top up my hands, and off me.

“There you go, honey. Does this feel good now?” said Millie

“You’ve got to be kidding me Millie! What the f was this. Give me my top back!”, I said while covering my boobs with my hands. I never knew i could be this loud. But I knew this was the least of my worries.

But Millie just laughed off and dove in the pool with my top.

“You want this? Come and get it” she says.

“Mills, there’s no way I’m gonna uncover my chest. How am I supposed to swim to you!”

“Well then there you go. I like it that you’re gonna stay topless now like me” she says while winking at me.

Here I was with a tough choice now. Either to uncover my boobs and try to chase Millie in the pool. Or stay up covered (with my hands)

“Tell you what babe, I’ll give you a chance to get your top back. I’ll throw this top to the other side of the pool. All you have to do is reach there before me. Else you’ve to stay the way you are for the whole day.”

Making it even more difficult to chose now. I started panicking now. I thought screw it, it’s just Mills around here no one will even notice if I uncover my boobs. But what if I can’t beat her? Staying topless just for a few minutes was dreadful enough. How would I do it for the whole day!

“Speak up before I change my mind honey” Millie says while playing along with my top.

“Ughhhhh” I groaned and let down my hands and got in the water. “I’m ready. If I win, the top is mine” I say while trying to sound confident

“You got it” Mills says while throws my top and it almost reached the other side of the pool.

“Ready, set,.... GO!”

We both swim fast. I swim as if my whole life is depended on it, well my social life kinda is. But I have to agree, being topless under water did feel good as my boobs were out free.

I notice that Millie is lagging behind a bit, and I get excited as I’m about to be covered again.

But I suddenly realise that Millie is more athletic than me. And is way more faster than me. So this was strange.
This realisation soon got of my mind as I was almost near my top, which was lying now at the bottom of the pool now. That’s it! All I have to do is go deep and get it now, atleast that’s what I thought excitedly.

But wouldn't you know it, my excitement soon turned to a nightmare as I felt another tug and felt something brushing my thighs.

