I've learned over the years how to do recon on the best massage establishments in any given area. The internet makes it a lot easier than a lot of people think. Websites and forums are there to guide you with reviews and in some cases, hidden gems.
I was in Kansas City for business for a couple of weeks, a few days into the trip I was needing my fix. I logged on to a local board and looked around, mostly old Chinese women giving happy endings was the result of my hour search. A few full service places existed, but the service level seemed iffy, and I really like a good massage.
I posted a few messages and within a couple of days had some recon from the locals. I sent one of the guys a private message to inquire about one of his recommendations, and he responded after some back and forth that I should try Royal Spa, a higher end place reserved for the suburban housewives. This was a strange recommendation, as most of these places are not only 100% legit but cover you up like an eskimo and if you try anything, they will call the cops.
I replied as such, and he told me there was a secret password of sorts. That I should call for an appointment and ask that the owner Emily to give the massage. He told me, "What do you have to lose? $90 and a hour of your time?"
I called the next day and asked for an appointment with Emily and was scheduled in for 6:00pm that evening. After a long day shuttling paperwork between offices of one of my bigger clients, I was off to Overland Park to find my way to Royal Spa.
It was in a atypical shopping center in a higher end area of town. Mostly BMW's and Mercedes parked out front with an occasional mini van. I parked my rental and walked into the front door to a very well furnished waiting room, with dark leather chairs and couches and high end tile on the floor. Behind a deep mahogany desk sat a young Asian girl who was dressed in a traditional Chinese Qipao silk dress showing off her very thin frame with a nice set of tits.
I informed her of my 6:00pm appointment with Emily and she asked in perfect English if I had been there before. When I replied it was my first time, she smiled and handed me a clip board and asked me to fill out the first two forms.
I went and sat in one of the oversized leather chairs and filled out the standard paperwork. Of course, I didn't use my real name or address, and indicated the places on my lower back, my glutes and hamstrings that needed extra attention on the outline of a human body.
I returned to the front desk and handed the clipboard back to the young lady behind the desk. She took the clipboard from me and asked to me take a seat, it would only be a few minutes and I will be called back.
No sooner than I had sat down, I heard my false name being called from a door off to the right of the waiting area. The name I use is similar enough to my real name that it is easy to recognize for me when I'm not paying attention.
Waiting for me at the door was another very slim Asian woman, about 5'4" tall and maybe early 30's (you never can tell with Asians, they age so differently than the rest of us). Her breasts weren't nearly as large as the girl behind the desk, but she was much more stunning in her facial features. Big dimples accented her brown doe eyes, shimmery white teeth, plump lips. Her hair was up in a bun.
She wore a similar traditional Chinese silk dress, very tight to her thin body, it was long with a slit up both legs to almost her midsection showing off her thin white legs that looked smooth as glass. She also wore 3 or 4" high heels on her very small feet.
She thrusted her hand out to me and introduced herself, "I'm Emily," she said as she gave me a firm handshake with her very tiny hands. I introduced myself to her and she escorted me back down a long corridor to a private room off the right-hand side. It was much larger than most massage rooms and had a huge massage bed in the center. The room was lit by dim light sconces on either wall with a table setup at the back of the room with massage oils and other supplies. On the left wall was a doorway that was open to a private bath, with a shower stall, toilet and sink. The fixtures and decorating were of very expensive origin. There was no way this was a jack shack. I just hope it's a good massage at this point.
Emily turned on the shower and then came back into the main room, she told me to hang my clothes on the hooks in the bathroom and to shower. After I shower to put on the shorts that were currently hanging on the hooks and to lay face down. She would return in five minutes to begin the massage.
She turned on some soft Asian music and exited the room and I went to the bathroom and undressed. I felt the water temperature and got in the shower and washed my body with the supplied liquid soap. Hanging beside the shower was a big fluffy white towel, which I used to dry myself off after finishing the shower. I wasn't expecting anything other than a good massage at this point, so my cock was hanging in disappointment.
I put on the blue paper shorts and laid face down on the huge massage table. It was warm, so it must have an electrical heater built in. As soon as I was face down, I heard a soft knock on the door and hear someone enter the room. I raised up a little to see that Emily was back and she smiled at me and went into the bathroom to grab the towel I had used to dry off. She brought it back and used it to finish drying my back, telling me that I had missed a few spots.
Emily's English was nearly perfect, with just a hint of a Chinese accent. She then asked me about my trouble spots, and I told her about my constantly tight hamstrings, which caused lower back issues. She told me to relax, and that she would see if she could work out my muscles for me.
I felt her soft hands begin to apply warm oil to my back. She covered my entire back with oil before applying any pressure. Her hands felt great on my skin, I knew she was going to give a good massage from that first 30 seconds. She continued to work on my upper, then my lower back. She and I talked about nothing in general, then she asked what had brought me to her place? I told her a buddy of mine had recommended her place, and her in particular. When she asked the man's name, I made one up...Jim (the guy had a handle on the forum, so I didn't know his real name).
She told me she had a few customers named Jim, if I could describe him, maybe she would know which one he was, so that she could thank him for the recommendation. At this point, I told her, "I don't really know him in person, we are just friends online."
"Ah," she replied and continued in silence massaging my back.
"Damnit," I thought to myself. I might have just screwed myself with this "password" that the guy on the forum talked about. He never briefed me into what she would ask, and I didn't think to ask too many questions. Oh well, I'll just sit back and enjoy the massage.
Emily finished working on my back and arms and moved to start work on my legs. I decided to break the silence and I started to ask her about her business. She told me that most of her clients were local housewives that come in for a spa day. She offered everything from massage to pedicures, waxing and even Botox. She said business was very good, and that the biggest problem was dealing with demanding women after a few glasses of Champaign. I laughed and told her that she was learning what it was like for most of us men in the world.
She giggled at my response and she whispered, "Yeah, some of them are very demanding, if you know what I mean..."
I laughed back at her and said, "Yeah, I know all about demanding women. I'm married to one."
She went on to open up about some of her demanding customers, telling me a few stories about women who threw temper tantrums over little things and demanded free services because of who they were. As she was telling the stories, she was massaging the back of my left thigh, moving her hands to the inner thigh on the trip back towards my feet. On the upstroke, she brought her small hands under the paper shorts to massage the bottom of my glute.
She leaned over and whispered into my ear as she massaged my glute, "Some of them demand other things, sometimes I think they are worse than the men customers."
"Oh yeah," I said while exhaling. "How do you handle their requests?"
"I leave it up to my girls to respond. If they are good customers and the girl feels comfortable, we might give them what they request," she said with a small laugh. "If they are bitches, my girls have been known to tease them and leave them to take care of their own problems."
As she told me this, she ripped the side of my paper shorts to expose that side of my ass. She continued her very expert massage working my glute and upper thighs, applying pressure with her elbow from time to time. She moved to the other side of the table and proceeded to massage my right leg and glute. All the while we talked more and more, getting her to open up on her business and her history in the US.
She was very interested when I told her that I visited China often, and we talked about the food and the different places I've been. She asked if I got massages while in China, and I responded that yes, I usually get a massage every other day when I'm there.
"Chinese traditional massage is different than this," Emily said while she did a shiatsu massage stroke up the back of my thigh to my glute.
"Yeah, those gals try to kill you. No oil, just pressure, but it does feel good," I replied as she tore the shorts on the other side and ripped the area by my balls to expose my entire ass to her.
"Yes, I get massages also when I go back to China, but even me being Chinese I've grown accustomed to a more western style of massage," she told me as she applied a generous amount of oil to my ass cheeks.
"So, you get massages also?" I asked her as she started to lightly massage the oil into my cheeks. She had applied so much oil that I could start to feel it drip down between my cheeks and across my anus and taint.
"Oh yes," she whispered, "I love getting a massage. Sometimes I have one of my girls massage me, and any new hire that is their interview, giving me a massage."
I laughed at her response and told her, "I want to fill out an application for a job, I'd like an interview."
She slapped my ass and said, "You are funny, you wouldn't want to massage my old body. Besides, I couldn't hire a handsome man, the customers would only request you and my girls would be upset and jealous."
"Old body? I'd love to give you a massage, but you'd have to tip me well!" I said a little too loud for the quietness of a massage room.
"Shhhhhh!" Emily shushed me and began to rub my butt in semi-circle motions. "Be a good boy, good boys get rewards," she whispered. She began to lightly rub my ass, her fingers dipping into the valley, rubbing softly over my rosebud. I exhaled sharply when I felt her fingers apply pressure as she diddled at my backdoor.
"I'll be good, I promise," I hissed as she moved her fingers down to my balls to apply generous amounts of oil to my big sack.
"Your friend Jim, did he tell you I like handsome laowai like you?" she asked as she grabbed my balls with her left oil coated hand, lightly squeezing them while bringing her right hand back up to my ass and inserted just the tip of one finger.
I gasped and raised up into her finger and hissed, "All he told me, was you were worth the price of admission. To be nice." She moved her hand from my balls up to my lengthening shaft, covering it with oil while slowly penetrating my ass with her middle finger of her right hand.
"Yes, I like good boys," she giggled as she grabbed my shaft as I was nearly up on all fours at this point. "And you are a big boy," she stated as she removed her finger from my ass and took her left hand out from under me, using it to slap my ass a little and said "Hot towel, be back in a minute."
This massage was going better than I would have ever guessed. Emily not only was giving a great massage, she was good looking and even better still, she had a playful personality. I told my beating heart to slow down and told my mind to let her make the moves. Don't' get out over my skis.
A few minutes later, after my heart had slowed to normal and my dick had started to soften, Emily returned with a basket of hot towels. She proceeded to wipe the oil off my body and even off my balls. She failed to remove the oil from my rosebud. She then grabbed a towel from the table and placed it over my back, using it to rub my back to get any excess oil off of it. She situated the towel over my butt, trapping it between the table and the front of her legs, she held up the other end and asked me to turn over. A technique used around the world to keep you covered as you turn over in a massage.
She laid the towel over my semi hard dick and waist. My hands were at my sides as she began to oil my stomach and chest. I was staring at her face and upper body, and I remarked to her that she was very beautiful. She smiled and stated, "The room is dark and the blood has left your brain," nodding towards my semi hard cock under the towel. "I am just a normal older woman, nothing special."
"How old are you Emily," I asked while she moved her hands over my small nipples, massaging my pectorals.
"I'm 37. Not a young girl anymore," she replied as she twisted my left nipple in her hand, bringing a new rumbling beneath the towel.
"You are still young, I'm an old man compared to you," I said as I moved my right hand to the edge of the massage table hoping to touch her hip or rub against her silk dress. She looked down at my hand inches from her hip and continued her massage, moving to my stomach and the edge of the towel. The sensations of her hands inches from my cock began to have its effect as it started getting hard. I was looking at her face as she looked at my growing member inches from her hands and then I felt her hip. She had moved her hip to my waiting hand, daring me to touch her.
I slowly opened my fingers and lightly rubbed her hip and then slowly moved my hand up to her slim waist. Her hands were still massaging my stomach and my dick was now tenting the towel. I slowly moved my hand from her waist and down over her small ass, feeling the sensation of the silk on my hand. My hand traveled down over her ass to her upper thighs and then back up over her ass, giving it a squeeze on the way back up.
She inched closer to my hand allowing me to grab her other cheek as her hand traveled under the towel to touch the head of my cock. When she touched my cock, she just paused there while I explored her ass and her silk dress. She glanced down to look at my look at her and then moved her hand over my shaft grabbing it softly and started to tug on my cock. Using my left hand, I pulled the towel off of my midsection and threw it on the floor. Her left hand was wrapped around the base of my cock while her right hand was twisting my purple cock head. It felt incredible. She was an artist with her hands.
I moved my right hand to the slit in her dress and rubbed the back of her naked white thigh. Moving my hand up to her left cheek and noticed she wasn't wearing any panties under the tight dress. Her skin was soft and smooth and when I touched her close to the valley between her globes, I felt her body cover with goose bumps.
She was now speeding up jacking my cock and I started to explore more under her dress. Down between the globes of her ass to her smooth cunt, which was moist. I moved a finger over her damp lips and slowly inserted the tip of my finger into her wet hole. She continued to twist and jack my cock, her little hands barely able to get around the full thickness of my 7" shaft. When I put my finger into the second knuckle into her tight hole, she suddenly stopped her movement and looked at me. "You are a bad boy Bob," she said as she pushed onto my finger, forcing it further into her pussy.
"I think you are a bad girl also Emily," I whispered to her as I began to explore the inside of her wet pussy. "Kiss my cock Emily, show me what a bad girl you are," I told her as I moved my thumb over her clit, an amazingly big one for her little size.
She leaned forward and licked the head of my cock, putting her in a position to where I had better access to her pussy. I now had two fingers in her while my thumb rubbed on her engorged clit. She took the head of my cock in her mouth as I pistoned my fingers into her ever wettening cunt. I moaned as she swirled her tongue over my cock and grabbed on to her bun with my left hand, encouraging her to take more of my cock into her small mouth.
She sucked my cock while using both of her hands on my shaft, then she moved her right hand to cradle and fondle my balls. She moved it to my taint and as I raised off the bed she pushed two of her fingers into my ass at the same time she forced all the cock she could get in her mouth. She timed the fucking of my ass with her movements of her mouth on my cock. I knew at this rate I wasn't going to last much longer.
I wanted to see how far Emily would go, so with my left hand I pulled her off my cock and brought her to my mouth. I kissed her lips hard while she continued to jack my cock. She wouldn't open her mouth but was kissing me with closed lips. I switched my hand around in her pussy, inserting my thumb and then using my index finger I inserted it roughly into her asshole. She gasped, and when she did I pushed my tongue into her mouth. She fiercely kissed me, moving her tongue against mine. The little minx decided to play my game and inserted a third and then fourth finger into my oiled ass.
I growled into her mouth and inserted another finger roughly into her ass, using her pussy juice as lubricant. Using the inserted thumb and fingers and leverage, I lifted her light frame up on to the table, in doing so, it pulled her fingers from my ass and her hand off my cock.
I removed my fingers from her and finished picking her up to straddle my body, while still kissing her. She pulled back and looked at me with her brown doe eyes and then reached under herself to grab my cock and position it at her pussy. "Yes," she moaned as she used my cock to rub against her pussy.
I put my hands on her thighs as she slowly inserted my cock into her very hot and wet hole. Making small thrusts and pushing it deeper with every push. She brought her hand up off my cock and then leaned down to kiss me again as she took my shaft until I bottomed out in her tight cunt. She held me there for a few seconds and then started to pump my shaft in and out of her pussy as she kissed me wildly.
I moved my right hand up under her dress to her big clit and started to rub it as she fucked my big cock into her small Chinese cunt. She was getting close and so was I. I could feel the cum start to shoot into her cunt just as she was clamping her cunt around my cock. She clamped so tight that it blocked me from cumming my first spurt, but then she relaxed her cunt enough that I shot four ropes into her unprotected pussy.
She laid on top of me for a few minutes while we both caught our breath, then she got up and grabbed a hot towel out of the basket and put her leg up on the stool and wiped her hands clean and then the cum off her cunt. She grabbed another and cleaned my hands first, then cleaned off my cock, balls and finally she cleaned my ass where she had invaded me.
She finished cleaning me, then leaned over and lightly kissed my lips. "You passed your interview, when can you start?" she chuckled. She went into the bathroom and started the shower, came back out and told me to take a shower and she would be back in a few minutes. She stripped the sheets off the bed while I grabbed a fresh towel and washed the oil off my body, letting the water flow over me to wake me out of that freshly fucked feeling.  
A few minutes later and I was getting dressed when she came back into the room. Her makeup had been refreshed and new red lipstick was applied to her plump lips. She handed me a cold bottle of water went about tidying the room for her next client. Once I was dressed, I pulled two hundred-dollar bills from my wallet and laid them on the table. She grabbed them, pulled the slit apart in her dress to reveal a white thong, and placed the fresh bills folded into her waist band of her panties, winking at me when she caught me looking.
She walked me back down the hallway to the reception area. As we approached the front desk to pay, she talked to the young girl behind the desk in Chinese. Emily shook my hand and walked back through the door we had just came, telling me "Thank you for coming Bob, make sure you tell Jim that you enjoyed the massage."
The young girl punched something into her computer and told me, "Ms Emily said your massage was on the house as a new customer special. She recommends that you come back tomorrow on a follow up treatment and has recommended that you get a four-hand massage with her and Julie, her sister. Is 6:00pm a good time for you?" she asked while looking up at me with a very sexy smile on her face.
"Yes, 6:00pm would be fine," I said immediately.
"OK, I will book you with Emily and my mother...I mean Julie... tomorrow at 6:00. See you then," she said with a smile and a wink.