"Boys Will Be Boys" by Eagle1 (m+M/f, gangbang, teens, mf, high school)

Boys Will Be Boys by Eagle1

I love football.

I love the rush. I love playing in the crisp, cool autumn weather. I love the roar of the crowd on a Friday night. I love tackling another player, and smashing him flat on the ground. I love getting a hold of the ball and running down the field to the adulation of a whole stadium full of rabid fans.

I love the game.

Ive played football since I was a freshman in high school. It was the first sport I lettered in and the one I hold above all others. My dedication showed in that I was the only freshman at my school to be picked for the varsity squad after first year summer tryouts. 

And while the game has many finer points to love, as with all sports, one of the best parts is of course the cheerleaders.

What could be better than playing the game all the while knowing that some of the most beautiful girls in school would be cheering you on? Doing their sexy little routines. Their tits bouncing up and down while they cheered. Their asses shaking in those tight little outfits. Their short skirts riding up their thighs.

The lucky players had a cheerleader of their own for after the game. And I was often a very, very lucky player indeed. Man, there is nothing better than winning a hard fought game and then a quick fuck right after the game with some tight little bitch in the back of a car, so horny that you cant even wait to get your clothes off. There were plenty of girls who didnt want anything more from a young jock than to just help him relieve some of that post game tension. And the coaches quietly looked the other way of course, because it gave us players something to focus all our left over pent up energy on.

Yes, I love football.

But I didnt love practice nearly as much.

We had a game that Friday night, as we did most Fridays. But before the big game we had practices. This was the one inevitable evil that I could think of. And the Coach was a hard man. He always put us through all our paces, making everything especially rough, a real workout. And this practice had been no exception to the general rule, in fact maybe a little worse. If I had spent more time concentrating on the game, rather than on the cheerleaders doing their routines across the field, I didnt think I would be feeling it quite as much as I was about then.

My muscles ached.

Coach had made some of us run extra laps in full gear. Ostensibly to make sure our stamina was up to mad dashes across the field, but truthfully because we needed to be reminded who was boss. Most of the players had left the field earlier, except for those lucky guys like me who were sent running around the field a couple times.

When we were finally finished we went into the locker room and started stripping off our uniforms and gear, joking around as usual. A lot of the guys had already showered at this point and were getting ready to leave or had left.

The simple fact is that in a locker room guys razz each other. It is common and it is the accepted and expected practice. If you dont engage to show you can take it, you just wind up making it harder on yourself. Thats what a lot of shy guys dont understand.

I walked up to my locker as I heard one of the junior linebackers say to another, Hey, man, I heard you laid Jen Franklin the other night. Is her pussy really as tight as Nick says it is?

Man, its better! came the wholehearted reply.

Fuck you know McFarland? responded someone else from further down the line, who made a crude hand gesture as he said, The only action you ever got was with your own right hand.

Funny, man, said McFarland, not taking it seriously, Thats not what your mother told me last night when I had my dick in her loose pussy and she was calling my name like a whore.

The whole aisle erupted in general laughter.

Having reached my locker, I opened it and started taking off my gear. My locker was near my friend Gregs. He was laughing at some joke with our other friend Steve, whose locker was across the aisle. They were both just back from their showers.

Steve said to no one in particular, Did you see that new red-headed girl in Chem?

I was naked by this point and wrapping a towel around my waist in order to head to the showers.

Naw, man, I asked Whats she like?

Big hooters, man, said Greg, making gestures to indicate their size.

Yeah, you think you can get some of that, man? Steve asked him, knowing Gregs type.

Dont know, Greg pondered, She gives me a woody whenever I look at her, man. I feel like Im gonna break my desk apart its so hard.

He paused thinking it over, Yeah, I think Ill have to try her tight ass out.

Not if I get in there first, I said jokingly and I gave him a playful shove as I turned to go to the showers.

You had to go outside the area where the lockers themselves were and down a short hallway to get to the actual showers. I stopped to talk to a few guys along the way. I was pretty popular and on friendly terms with most of the other guys. When I finally made my way down to the showers there were some guys still under the running water. I put my towel on the rack outside the door and walked inside with a nod to one of the guys. It was a big open room with a bunch of shower heads. I picked one that was a couple away from the next closest guy and I started soaping down my body, closing my eyes as I let the feel of the warm water pulse over my aching muscles.

Calgon take me away. The spray felt damn good and I swear I was about a million miles away when Frank Jamesons voice pulled me out of my daydream.

Harry, you fag! he shouted over the spray, Get away from me man! What the fuck are you doing with that boner?

It wasnt that I particularly wanted to look. I mean Id seen plenty of boners before, mostly in porn videos, but I still looked involuntarily over to confirm what the hell Jameson was hollering about. Sure enough Harrys prick was standing up at attention. Oh, man, I thought, hed catch hell for that. But then I looked up at his face. He wasnt looking at us. I glanced in the direction of his gaze and saw a sweet young thing standing in the doorway.

Naked that is.

And female.

Very female.

Her name was Julie Shafer. She was one of the cheerleaders I had been watching earlier when I should have been paying more attention to the Coach.

You see, later on that night, we would learn that Julie was on some kind of dare from the other cheerleaders. But at that moment she all we knew was that she looked like Venus silhouetted in the doorway. Her hand supporting her lithe body against the frame of the opening. At that point we didnt really care why she was there.

Her full, round tits were hanging in front of her, nipples large, hard and pointing out sharply in front of her. Her long strawberry blonde hair was up in a twist, but a lock of it had escaped and hung ever so invitingly against her cheek, stuck somewhat to her forehead by the humidity of the room.

My eyes traveled down her frame to take in her revealed outline and the gorgeous shape of her firm round ass and luscious thighs. But the highlight of the whole experience was that delicate pink pussy, clearly visible, nestled in its neatly shaven home.

She put her free arm on her hip and sort of lounged nonchalantly.

I felt my manhood rise to the occasion.

Hey boys, she said, Looks like I made a wrong turn somewhere back there.

Wow! said someone stupidly.

Well, you boys, she said looking around her smiling, What a way to welcome a lady!

I took my eyes off her for a moment and, looking around, noticed we were now all sporting boners. A little unsure of how to handle the scene developing in front of us, and being of the same pack mentality, we moved inadvertently closer together.

Julie moved away from the doorway and started slinking towards us, immersing herself into the shower spray, reached up and loosen her blonde locks as she strutted. Her firm breasts rode high and proud in front of her. Her long hair spilled down her back as she got as wet as the rest of us. She paused about halfway between the door and the closest man of us, modeling a little for us, moving her hands through her wet hair as the water hit upon her chest and ran down her skin in rivulets until it hit her cunt lips and then proceeded on down her long silky legs.

I didnt come all the way over here from the ladies locker room for nothing, she said with laughter in her voice, Whos going to be first?

Clearly that was an invitation to party.

We looked around at each other, each of us strangely hesitant to engage her on the offer considering all of our earlier bragging. Harry Duchene bravely stepped forward, and we patted him on the back, urging him on. He was a cocky son of a bitch anyways and we watched him walk over to her. She knelt down in front of him without any preliminaries and took his cock into her mouth, grabbing him by the balls at the same time. That was what broke the spell holding the rest of us in check. Josh Reardon and Bill Howard moved in closer and pressed their dicks into Julies face. She couldnt take all three of them in her mouth at the same time, and Harry was insistent she work on him first, so she did the only thing a girl in that position could do, she reached up with each available hand and started jacking Josh and Bill off.

After a couple minutes of watching all this though, Jameson clearly had other ideas. Ideas which I shared.

Guys, lets get this show on the road. Get her on her knees, he said to those who would listen, rubbing his hands together to mime anticipation.

Every man in the place wanted to get a feel of that sweet body and a few were actually trying. Those of us who hadnt moved fast enough or werent close enough to get a front row seat moved our hands up and down our dicks as spectators.

Jameson was insistent. At his urging, they finally got her down on her knees. Harry wasted no time in moving back in front of her face so that he could continue to receive his blowjob. She needed to lean on her hands and arms; otherwise Im sure that Josh and Bill would have liked to have had their hand jobs continued. Now they were relegated to the same frustrated condition as the rest of us, although they continued to stand near her in case any orifice became vacant. There wasnt an immediate chance of that, with Harry in her mouth and Jameson positioned behind her.

Jameson wasted no time in sinking to his knees, moving in behind her, and without hesitation slipping his wet prick into her pussy.

Oh, man, he said, closing his eyes and savoring the feel of her for a moment, Shes just as tight as I hoped.

He thrust his modest prick in and out of her pussy, hammering at her cunt. After a few moments Harry grunted and came into her pretty mouth. He moved away and Josh wasted no time in getting into position in front of her. He was so eager to get sucked that he grabbed her hair forcefully shoving his prick down her throat and started fucking her face. He was very wound up and it took him only four thrusts before he was shooting his load into her mouth.

Jameson in turn gave one mighty thrust at about the same time and pulled out of her pussy, shooting his load against the outside of her ass and pussy lips.

I was getting ready to take over from Jameson, having waited long enough, but Bill Howard, who was closer, slipped into position in front of me, replacing my man Jameson. He started to work away on her, pecking at her pussy with his tiny little dick. Another guy took up Reardons place in her mouth, which left three of us who still hadnt gotten a piece of anything yet.

Hurry up, I said to Bill, putting a hand on his shoulder to urge him to finish, Or some of us are going to need to take a cold shower instead of a warm one.

Randy and Todd and I were the only ones left and we stood around looking at each other expectantly. Randy and Todd were both linebackers, each weighing in at around an impressive two hundred fifty pounds. But at six feet, three inches tall, I weighed in at a cool two hundred pounds of pure, dense teenage muscle. I was also the atypical alpha male in the room. No one there had anything on my thick almost ten inches of cock. When Id been in junior high, Id been teased mercilessly for being well hung. Now that we were all older though my buddies had become the most envious mother fuckers on the planet because they knew my dick was part of the reason why I got laid so much.

Watching all this action had me real boned up and I was horny as hell.

Id missed my chances earlier, but I couldnt wait much longer. This was too much. I wanted some pussy now one way or the other. So I muscled Bill off of Julie while he was still thrusting into her. He didnt even have time to protest.

I moved in behind her, lifting her ass up so that I could get my steel hard cock into that moist, slick pussy. I felt like I could cut a diamond I was so hard.

I moved into her slowly savoring that tightness. She was so wet from the stimulation that she had gotten from Jameson and she was breathing heavily. I watched myself as I pushed forward, forcing my fat cock to squeeze further inside her tight lips. I slid inside until about four inches was filling her tight hole. 

Ohhhhhh... she moaned around the guys dick in her mouth.

I backed out of her then, just before sliding my entire cock into this girls needy hole. 

Ohhhh God! she cried, taking the dick in her mouth out for a moment, really feeling me fill her up more fully than the first two dicks shed just had.

I began to slide in and out of her. The guy in her mouth finished then and Randy moved in to take his place. He may not have had the longest equipment, but like me he was thick as a tree trunk and he forced himself down Julies throat. The sight of it was so hot that I pumped again and again, my horse balls slapping against her.

I had my rhythm down.

Ohhh! she cried out, momentarily pulling Randy out of her mouth, Ohhh, God! Fuck me harder! Fuck me harder!

Randy quickly stuck his log back inside her. Meanwhile my long, thick cock pulled her pink pussy lips outward each time I withdrew. Her cunt was so fucking wet! And so tight around my dick! She was writhing, moaning on the floor helplessly as I screwed her hard, her orgasm rising. Suddenly, Julie stopped moaning around Randys dick and all that could be heard over the shower spray was my dick slapping into her as I fucked her.

Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! she suddenly hollered around Randy, cumming hard.

Feeling her pussy walls vibrating around my dick made me totally lose it. I pulled my huge, throbbing meat out of her warm vagina and a huge wad of my cum shot into the air just as my head pulled out of her lips. It shot over her naked body and onto her upper back. I groaned, leaning forward as more cum shot out. It landed on her right ass cheek, and more shot onto her left. I was like a fire hose and the remainder of the white cream firing out of my dick was aimed for her pussy itself, creating a nice cream pie for the next guy.

She was so fucking hot, that I groaned again, getting out from between her legs as I moved out of the way for Todd who was waiting patiently. Like Randy, he had a thick bull cock, though not as thick as Randys and certainly not in my league.

Meanwhile Bill was clearly feeling the urgency too much to be angry with me.

When Randy finished with Julies mouth Bill put his dick in there. She must have found his tiny dick a relief after having to deep throat Randys big monster.

Todd and Bill finished dropping their loads in short order. At this point all of the guys had either fucked her or gotten a blowjob.

But things were really only just getting started.

Jameson was feeling insatiable, as were we all.

He moved Julie down onto the wet floor, so that she lay flat on her back in the pooling water from the shower spray, and he became the first to go for seconds as he climbed on top of her. My dick was like iron and I wanted nothing more than to fuck this girl again too. Therefore, even though I knew that time was passing quickly, my excruciating need made everything feel like slow motion. Frank, positioned prone over this waiting girl missionary style, started fucking into her cunt deliberately. None of us wanted to risk leaving a load in her pussy, so when he was nearly there Jameson pulled out and dumped his second load on her stomach. The water quickly began to wash his semen down the drain along with that of mine and the other guys whod taken turns fucking her orifices earlier, that is to say those of us who hadnt cum in her mouth. The empty place in her pussy was quickly replaced in succession by Harry and Josh, neither having any staying power for serious fucking, so there wasnt long to wait for another turn.

When Josh was finished I realized that Id have my best chance. Walking over to her, stroking my boner as I went, I helped Julie up to her knees.

She brought her hand down and stroked my cock as she kissed it tenderly. The water poured off her back and shoulders and my hard cock remained inches from her smiling face as she continued to stroke me, looking at it. Then she shoved it eagerly into her mouth, as much as she could take inside all at once. I groaned as her warmth engulfed me. I placed my hand on her wet hair, watching her lips glide up and down my shaft. She pulled my dick out of her mouth and held it straight up as she lapped at my balls hungrily, sucking them inside her mouth. Her hand stroked my cock as she licked all over my sack and my shaft.

Then she stood up in front of me, smiling her beautiful smile. 

Fuck me again Marc she whispered erotically.

Happy to oblige, I told her, as I turned to the roomful of guys wanking their dicks and said, Let me show you how its done gents.

I slipped my arms around her soft, wet body, hands grabbing her ass. I kissed her hard, tongue sliding into her mouth. We were both breathing heavily into each others mouths, pressing our wet bodies against one another. I broke the kiss and Julie was helpless as I spun her around. She bent over in front of me in the shower, arms resting against one of the ledges on the shower wall. 

I almost came just at the sight of her amazing ass bent over in front of me, soaking wet. Julie parted her legs, giving as much of herself to me as she could. As bad as I was dying to shove my cock into her, I found the strength of will to kneel behind her. I kissed each of her ass cheeks, my hands grabbing them and squeezing them, spreading them apart. I could see her asshole as my hands held her cheeks apart. Then I kissed along the crack of her beautiful ass, kissing down towards her cunt. 

I lapped at and kissed her furrowed pussy lips and she gasped. I sucked the swollen lips of her cunt into my mouth, running my tongue up and down them as I sucked gently. Julie brought her hand down between her legs and began to play with her clit as I tongued her pussy slit. I let the sensitive lips slip out of my mouth and I licked up the inside of her cunt towards her ass, tasting her delicious juices.

Oh she sighed, pussy on fire.

I licked up to her ass, running my tongue around the entrance to her asshole. This girl got even wetter. I slid my tongue into her asshole. 

Oh, yes she whispered, her fingers rubbing her clit harder.

Squeezing her ass tightly, I began to slide my tongue around her anus, rimming all over the tight hole. 

Oh, God, she moaned out of clenched teeth, Im gonna cumIm gonna cumOhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

She clearly was cumming. Her entire body was wracked in orgasm; I could see her body pulsating. I kissed each of her ass cheeks again as she recovered, gasping for breath. Then I stood up behind her, my cock now as hard as ever. Slowly I ran the tip of my cock down the crack of her ass, Julie stayed bent over in front of me. 

Then I placed the mushroom head of my dick against the swollen, inflamed lips of her cunt. I pushed forward and her lips parted easily for me, so stretched by her earlier fucking that they allowed me to slide all the way inside in one long stroke. 

Oh, God! she moaned loudly as my cock slid deep into her.

She pressed her ass back against me in response, trying to get me as deep in her as possible. I grabbed the sides of her ass and began to fuck her. I immediately began to screw her hard, there was no stopping me. My dick slid in and out of her horny pussy using long hard strokes. I was staring down at her beautiful ass as I fucked her, her ass cheeks were shaking with each impact. Our sex making a constant slap, slap, slapping noise as my groin connected loudly against her. 

And she felt good. Her cunt was so hot, so warm around my thrusting rod as I fucked her with as much intensity as I was worth. This girl was capable of multiple orgasms and I hoped our audience was taking notes as she came again from the thorough screwing I giving her!

Ohhhhhohhhhhohhhhh she moaned repeatedly, cumming again.

Her cunt spasmed violently around my driving cock! Still I fucked her doggy style right there in the shower with God and several other witnesses taking in my slapping hard dick pushing and pulling against her ass. 

Oh, God! she cried out, recovering, Fuck me up the ass!

I didnt need to be told twice. I had been staring at her ass the entire time, desperately wanting to be in there. I slid my cock out of her slick pussy and ran the mushroom head up the crack of her sexy ass. It stopped at the entrance to her asshole. 

I pushed forward, but her ass wouldnt give. 

I pushed harder, trying to squeeze the head inside her tight hole. Still no luck. I looked at the shower, hoping a bottle of shampoo or body wash was available. Now I was in luck! Sure enough there it was. I reached over and grabbed it, scrambling to get it open. I poured some onto my cock, rubbing it all over the head and shaft. I put the bottle back as I prepared to try again.

I placed my now lubed up cock at the entrance to her asshole again. Then I pushed forward and watched my hard dick slowly slide into Julies asshole. 

Oh, fuck! she moaned with pleasure and pain, Oh, my God!

My cock was halfway up her ass. I slid partway out and than rammed it back in, this time jamming my entire dick into her rectum. She moaned in pain. I grabbed the sides of her ass and held it against me. I looked down at her ass, loving how it looked with my cock disappearing into her tight asshole. I began to fuck her, gentle at first so as not to hurt her. In and out of her asshole I went, over and over. In no time at all, she relaxed and was actually ramming her ass backwards to meet my thrusts. She was moaning loudly as her ass got fucked, and she was losing control again. I slid my hand around to the front of her body, my fingers finding her clit as I fucked her ass. As soon as my fingers rubbed her clit her orgasm exploded. 

OHHHHHHH GOD! she cried out so loud I figured the whole building must have heard her, OHHHHHHHH GOD! OHHHHHHHH! OHHHHH FUCK!

She came as hard as ever, actually gasping for breath, heart pounding, her ass and cunt convulsing. I let out a groan, she was so fine.

Oh, God, I groaned against her, I need your pussy.

We wasted no time. As I pulled out she climbed into my waiting arms and I lifted her like a feather. She hung on to me wrapping her sexy legs around my waist and I leaned back against the shower wall, lifting her by the legs up and down onto my big shaft as we went.

Give me some of that ass, Randy begged, coming over to us.

He moved up behind her, grabbed onto her ass, and then he started fingering her in her freshly fucked asshole.

I pulled my dick out of her pussy to accommodate him and in the process my soldier became wedged between Julies stomach and my six-pack. We were so wet in the spray of the shower that I was able to continue thrusting between our bodies, rubbing in the friction created as our damp bodies pressed together. Randy continued to slide his finger in and out of her ass, but then finally pulled it out and replaced it by wedging his thick cock into the rosebud of her ass instead. We were of the same general height, so I was able to easily reposition myself back inside her pussy. I could feel our thick cocks moving in rhythm together, one in each hole.

Harry came over to us and I adjusted Julies legs to get them up as high as possible. Harry eager for any action moved his hand between my chest and Julies in order to grab onto her breast. He started trying to thrust his cock closer towards us desperately. Luckily for him, Randy had little staying power. Unlike me who had more practice with women, most of my buddies in the locker room were not that experienced, either that or the excitement was too much for them.

When Randy pulled away Harry slipped in behind him, filling up the void left in her ass.

I could only keep thrusting because I was pinned against the wall. Julies dazed eyes looked back at me, a mix of pleasure and pain, moaning and groaning.

Fuck I needed her pussy so badly.

I rammed into her hard, the warmth of her vagina engulfing me on each thrust. I was voracious. Harry quickly lost it and pulled out of her ass. If anyone else wanted the opportunity to try it, I didnt give them the option. Pulling away from the wall, my lips found hers and I began to kiss her, but we were forced to break the kiss as I began to fuck her really hard, bouncing in and out of her cunt, faster and faster. But I was finally losing it. Her huge breasts were bouncing violently up and down between with each time I rocked her down on my dick. Her feet were flailing behind my thrusting ass. My cock jack hammered in and out of her helpless body. 

Oh, God, I groaned, Im cumming! 

Oh, yes Marc, she moaned excitedly, Cum inside me! I cant get enough of your cock!

I couldnt have pulled out if Id wanted to; I pumped her a few more times before I lost it. I slid my dick inside her all the way and held it there buried deeply. A long thick stream of cum fired out the top of my dick and into her pussy. 

I groaned, shooting out more semen into her womb, and she held me close to her, ensuring that she would get all of it. We kissed softly for a minute, as the showers continued to run around us.

One of the other guys had gone to get those players who were still in the locker room. Steve and Greg came in ready to fuck. As I pulled her off my dick I saw that even Assistant Coach Skinner had came into the shower. He was only just out of college and so not much more than six or seven years older than the rest of us. But even being a figure of authority, he clearly had his cock out of his pants and was stroking it.

I dont know if this was what Julie or her friends had in mind when she taken the bet to come in here, but there was no stopping it now. In addition to those of us already in the showers, seven more guys had just shown up who had still been in the locker room. The guys helped off of me and went to work on her. We all trailed behind as she was carried into the locker room itself. We were all dripping wet, leaving a trail of water behind us. All the new guys took turns fucking her, making it a competition as they gave each other high fives for particularly powerful performances.

When Bill, the runt of the litter, finally got a chance to slip back into her pussy, he was sorely disappointed, What the fuck did you guys do? Shes so loose; its like fucking the Grand Canyon.

Someone helpfully suggested that Bill fuck her up the ass instead and that helped him create enough friction to cum.

We all wanted to continue fucking her as long as we could. I fucked her pussy at least two more times between rounds of other guys, but didnt cum, preferring to prolong the experience.

But some of the guys were expected home, so they fucked her pussy at least once for good measure, some not even taking off their clothes, and left.

Of all of us, Skinner was the most patient and the most careful, preferring to watch as his horny players had their wicked way with Julie. Finally after everyone had left except for Steve and me, he finally made his move, reaching over to Julie and grabbing her breast. She giggled almost drunkenly. Skinner had one leg between hers on one of the benches, his arms pinned hers down. His face was merely inches from hers as he looked at her silently for an instant. 

She looked up at him, and her breathing deepened. 

He slowly bent to kiss her. His lips touched hers and, pecking her softly. His cock hanging outside his pants grew noticeably harder when Julie parted her lips, allowing his tongue entry. His tongue touched hers, exploring her mouth as they kissed for the first time. 

He released her arms and her small hand held the back of his head as they kissed. She was writhing her crotch into his thigh as their kiss grew more urgent. Skinner caressed up and down the side of her small body, running his hand over her leg and the side of her ass as they made out. 

His hand slid down between her legs. He began to gently rub her pussy and she kissed him with more intensity, her own small hand sliding down his body. Her hand found his dick as his finger gently caressed up and down the moist lips of her cunt, all the while sucking her upper lip into his mouth.

He dipped a finger into her tight hole. 

Oh... she moaned, breaking the kiss temporarily.

He pushed his finger all the way inside her. He began to slide it in and out of her. In turn Julies fingers circled his cock as he fucked her pussy with his finger. He still had on his shirt and jeans. Skinner had been a college man and I knew there was plenty I could yet learn from his technique. I watched it intensely. Of the many dicks that Julie had taken that evening, mine was by far the biggest, longest and thickest, although a couple other guys were also pretty thick. By contrast Skinner was long and thin.

Could he make her cum?

In answer Skinner pulled his hand out of her pussy. He stepped away and shed his clothes. When he was finished he slid his hand up her smooth leg as he bent to kiss her once more. Their lips smacked loudly as his hand found the warmth of her pussy and began to rub. His fingers began to caress her puckered lips with his digits. She was incredibly juicy, her lips were so slick. His finger found her clit and he began to tease it, rubbing it gently. 

She moaned into his mouth, her hand diving back towards his dick. Unable to take much more, she eased him onto his side on the bench, gradually rolling him onto his back so that she was straddling him. I groaned as I watched.

Her hand gripped his shaft, stroking it expertly as she stared at it. He watched Julie bend towards his dick. Her tongue snaked out and licked the top of his helmet, and he gasped. 

Still stroking him, she slowly licked down to the base. She sucked one of his balls into her mouth, and his hands went down and held the sides of her head, holding her down there. With a loud slurp she released his ball, and licked back up his pole. 

Staring at him with her beautiful blue eyes, she eased his cock into her hungry mouth, sliding her lips down his shaft. She expertly took his entire dick into her warm mouth, holding it there for an instant, before sliding her lips back up to the top.

Then Julie began to bob her head up and down Skinners prick, expertly slurping hungrily on it. Skinner gently held her hair back out of her face as she gave him amazing head, we could now see her pretty face much better. 

She pulled his cock out of her mouth and she looked at him, smiling. She crawled towards him on the bench. She pressed crotch against his shaft and she began to rub herself against him as her searching lips found his. 

They kissed sloppily as they ground together. He boldly slid his hands up her back. From behind, we could see up her short legs to her ass. My gaze trailed further up her body, up her back. His hands caressed her breasts, squeezed them, feeling her hard nipples as he kissed all around her chest. She was breathing heavily, watching his tongue lick around her nipple.

Then he sucked it into his mouth. Trying not to take her tits away from his mouth, Julie raised her ass a little. Her hot, wet pussy was now pressed against his shaft, and she began to rub herself against him. They were both gasping for breath as her lips again found his, and her tongue darted inside his mouth. 

She reached underneath her, breaking the kiss. Her small hand raised his cock up into the air and she pressed her hungry slit against his head. Her eyes glazed over as she slowly eased his dick inside her welcoming hole until he was halfway inside her. 

She moaned in pleasure, her tightness stretching around his manhood. Skinners hands slid down to her soft ass, squeezing and spreading her white ass cheeks. 

Inadvertently, he allowed me to have the perfect view of Julies pink cunt lips stretching outward around the mid point of his cock. She slid her pussy off of most of his dick, before slamming her ass down on his lap, driving his entire rod into her needy twat. 

Oh, yes! she moaned a little louder.

Skinner began to thrust his hips up into the air. She began to ride him, sliding his meat in and out of her. He pulled her down on him, his mouth finding hers and they locked into a kiss. 

I had an amazing view of the Assistant Coachs dick ramming upwards into Julies eager cunt, over and over. He began to stroke my dick, watching them. Skinner had a good grip of her ass cheeks and was spreading them as if he was trying to give us a show. 

She moaned into his mouth and it was clear she was cumming soon. 

Forced to break the kiss, her moans carried across the room. Skinner did all the work for her, slamming his hard dick upwards into her and as she finally settled down, he slowed. 

He gently eased her off of him, and I could hear the noise his cock made when it slipped out of her wet twat. Skinner rolled her over onto her back, and Julie obediently lay on the bench with her legs spread wide, invitingly. 

Skinner bent down between her legs and immediately began lightly licking her sensitive slit.

Oh... she sighed.

He slid his hands under her ass, holding her soft ass cheeks as he slid his tongue into her steamy hole, tasting her juices. He gently sucked her lips into his mouth, running his tongue over them softly but quickly. She squirmed beneath him, her hand reaching between her legs and holding his head there. She closed her eyes, concentrating on the intense feelings that he was giving her. 

Skinner released the lips of her cunt, and slowly licked his way up to her clitoris.

Oh, God she groaned as pure pleasure shot up her spine.

His tongue teased around her tiny button, nudging at times but never truly focusing on it. He held her clit between his lips, and his tongue danced over it rapidly. She moaned a little louder, writhing her pussy up into his face. He began to run his tongue lightly up and down her clit relentlessly, driving her towards the edge. 

She was losing it, a big orgasm coming on.

Oh, God! she finally moaned as the intensity wore off a little.

Skinner kissed her twat one last time before kissing his way up her stomach. He briefly stopped at her tits, kissing and sucking at her nipples, before continuing on up her chest. He kissed up her neck and her mouth quickly found his and they kissed passionately. 

As if with a mind of its own, his hard dick found the entrance to her treasure and he slid inside her warmth in one eager stroke. She grunted into his mouth as her pussy was filled up. 

Once more, he was sheathed in Julies warmth. Skinner sent his tongue into her mouth as he slowly slid most of his long dick out of her. He slid back into her hard. She grunted and her hands clawed at his back, as her feet caressed up and down his legs. 

He began to fuck her at a steady pace, kissing her lustfully as his pole drilled in and out of her. I watched Julie raise her feet in the air. I could see the pink bottoms of her feet; her short legs spread wide, my buddys ass thrusting faster and faster. I watched Skinner break the kiss, and could now hear her moans loader without his mouth to muffle them. 

Her tits were bouncing up and down with every thrust, and I knew he was ready to cum at the sight. I stroked my cock a few more times and stifled a moan as it spasmed in my hand, shooting cum onto the floor, and on my hand. 

Skinner continued to pound into her harder and harder. Her feet were flailing helplessly behind him; her eyes were closed, wincing in ecstasy. 

Ohhhhhhhh, God! she cried as pleasure exploded within her and her entire body was engulfed in flames as her orgasm overtook her.

Her legs were outstretched; her hands were clawing at him. Skinner was losing it as well, increasing the pace further. 

Im cumming! he grunted, thrusting a few more times.

He slid his entire penis far inside her, holding himself there. Julie wrapped her arms and legs around him, holding him tight. He moaned, dick spasming inside her.

Skinner lay on top of Julie, softening inside her, for a few minutes, kissing. Their lips smacked loudly as they caught their breath. He got off of her, sliding out of her sloppy cunt.

I think maybe someone needs to take this lady home, he said warmly.

I volunteered eagerly. Julie went back to her locker room and I put on the rest of my clothes too.

We met at my truck.

When we got inside she said, Thanks, Marc. It was nice of you to give me a ride home.

Thats okay, I replied, My motives are completely selfish. I just wanted to fuck you again without all the other guys around.

I thought she would resist my coarse advances, but she didnt seem surprised and readily agreed to the idea. Knowing her from around the school, I was a little shocked at what a cocksucking slut she had turned out to be.

Her pussy had to be sore from all the lays she had just received. But she had the stamina of a porn star.

We pulled into a quiet wooded parking spot where a lot of the high school kids went to make out. Julie wasted no time. Taking off her seatbelt, she moved over to straddle me in the drivers seat, resting her back against the steering wheel. I felt up her skirt, eager to get her panties off. However, when my finger brushed against the soft lips of her vagina, they were moistened from the soaking wetness of her still sopping snatch. It was readily apparent that she hadnt bothered to put any panties on. Thats when I started to feel the testosterone fueled urgency of a teenage male right in his prime. I could jerk off up to five times a night easy, as my big balls produced a lot of cum. I could certainly fuck as much or more, having gone nine times during the course of one particularly eventful night once.

We groped each other with youthful need.

I unzipped my pants, grabbing for my cock so I could work it through the front hole in my boxers. I moved her shirt up to reach for her tits and Julie pulled my shirt over my head at the same time so that she could run her hands across my chest, licking and sucking my nipples also. I urgently jostled her, pushing my pants down to free up my cock. Then she grabbed my dick in one hand and placed it at the entrance to her treasure, guiding herself down onto my throbbing rod. There was a low squishing noise as I sank inside her, filling up her sloppy hole. I couldnt get as much leverage as I wanted to in order to thrust, but I got her in a rhythm of moving her hips up and down.

Baby, I breathed in her ear, Did you like getting fucked by all those guys?

Yeah, but not as much as I like making love to you Marc, she moaned in response, You have the best cock of the lot.

After a minute of moaning, she sighed and said, That bitch Heather Marshall gave everyone on the basketball team a blowjob last year. I wanted to prove that I could beat her.

My cock was starting to swell in her pussy at the thought.

But dont you worry about getting knocked up? I asked, grunting with some effort.

I was wicked excited and the pressure was building in my balls.

No, she replied, in between moans, Im not stupid, Im on the pill.

I thought it was so funny that women thought of getting laid as much as men did. The motives of the opposite sex were still something of a mystery to me at that point in my young life, even though I got laid with alarming frequency. And ever since I had popped my cherry I had been pussy hungry like every other guy that age, but since I hadnt ever had a steady girlfriend Id never had to deal all that much with the female psyche.

I was just a guy. It was all about sex and sports.

But mostly sex.

The windows had really started fogging up.

Julie put a hand on the window to steady herself, and as I watched it left a mark as she moved her hand from the pane of glass to my shoulder. Her other hand moved across my smooth chest, playing with one of my nipples and then up my shoulders to move her fingers to play with the gold chain I wore around my neck.

Im gonna cum, I finally told her, unable to take any more.

I started groaning, my thrusting becoming very uneven. My balls actually hurt as they tried to squeeze out a last round of cum. Finally, though, I let loose the last few drops I had left in my balls for that night.

We didnt speak much as we put our clothes back on. Both our passions were spent for the evening. So I took her the rest of the way home.

But I thought to myself that the bitch had tasted too good on my hard dick for this to be the last of it. I knew wed have to find another night together.

When I got home my brother wanted to know what had taken me so long. If it hadnt been for all the marks of the sex I had on me I dont think hed have believed a word of it.

* * *

Copyright  2001, 2009 by Eagle1. All rights reserved. All characters portrayed in this story are meant to be over the legal age to consent to sexual activity. Any similarity to characters or situations, real or imagined, is purely coincidental. Unless you happened to be there of course. May be reprinted without permission of author in materials distributed free of charge or on websites where there is no fee charged for access, provided this copyright notice is attached.