Kayla

Here is my story

Well here is the story its kinda lame so i hope its ok. This happened last year so I was really 13 and 1/2 at the time. 
I was at school and I had a skirt on which is usual for me. Some of the girls say im slutty cause I wear really short ones but Im not I just like the way they look and im not slutty cause i really haven't been with any boys that way yet. 

So we were all playing outside and some of the older boys were trying to catch us and we were running from them but we kinda hoped they would catch us cause they are hot guys. Anyway these three guys started to try to catch me and i sort of let them but when they did they held me down on the ground and i felt some hands grabbing me but it was ok cause it was fun. But then i felt some hands up my skirt and one of the guys was pulling at my knickers and all I could think of was i was glad I wasn't wearing a thoung that day like i usually do. My Mom says I too young to wear one but I do anyway. So all of a sudden i feel this rip and then off they came. It kinda hurt like getting a wedgie and then i just felt the cold air on my butt. They all got off me and this one boy was holding them up in the air and was like look what I have here guys. Kayla's knickers. I wanted to die. Then they passed them around and this is really gross but they were all smelling them and this one boy was licking them. 

My girlfriends were all laughing and not really helping me which kinda made me mad. So I tried to get them back but they were all ripped anyways and i couldnt wear them again especially after that gross kid licked them. I though I had a pair in my gym locker but I didnt so I had to go the rest of the day without any on which sucked cause this skirt was short and I am almost sure my science teacher saw my goods in class. 

As if it couldnt get any worse it did when i was on the bus going home. i sat next to this girl so I would be left alone but after her stop this boy sat next to me who i thought was a real hottie. He is on the football team but is like 2 years older then me. So he says to his friends I am being stuck up and should show them what i got under my skirt. He was there but not the guy who ripped off my knickers. I said no way and to leave me alone but they all started saying they should spank me for being bad. So they all grabbed me and pulled me out of my seat and he put me over his lap and pulled up my skirt and started to spank me. On my bare butt!!! I totally sucked cause I don't even want to think about what they all could see. Then as he was spanking me I felt a lot of hands all over my ass and someone grabbed me really hard and i felt some fingers go inside me!! I don't know who did that and I was really kinda mad but they were all kinda cute so I guess it wasn't so bad. 

I wore jeans for like 2 weeks after that but i have worn skirts since and nothing like that has happened even this one day we had a dare and 4 of us didnt wear underwear to school. I am a lot more popular with the football guys and I have dated 2 of them since that. 

I do have a couple other funny stories if you girls think you wanna hear them let me know. I hope this wasnt too boring ! BYE !! ;-)


Another funnie story

No one said if they liked my story but here is another. This happened just this last summer. 

I was at the beach and my friend Jen untied my bikini bottoms while I was swiming in the ocean. We were playing in the waves and they were pretty rough that day and we were getting pounded by them. I didn't even know she did it for a long time. She grabbed me like she was trying to help me from getting knocked down and she pulled both sides at the same time and off they came just as a big wave hit me. I had no idea I was standing there naked from the waist down. Lucky for me I was covered by the water. She kept laughing at me but I didnt know why. Then I started to get out of the water and as soon as the water was about knee deep I looked down and was like OMG ! I looked up at the beach to see if anyone saw me and like 20 or 30 people were staring at me. Mostly the Dads of a lot of my friends. I ran back into the surf but had no idea where my bottoms were. I though I lost them forever in the water but my friend had them and gave them back to me. I was so mad at her. The worst thing was my Mom saw me and kept asking me why I had shaved everything that summer. She wanted to know if I was letting boys see me like that. It was soooo embarasing. I wanted to die. My friend Jen's Dad still looks at me up and down when ever I go over her house. It makes me nervous a little. Hehe. Oh well I guess it is funny now. Bye ! Kayla



Another thing that happened to me last spring

Ok I have a few more funny stories. I don't know why this stuff always happens to me but it does. This happened last spring. I was home alone cause my parents were out and was getting ready to go out to the mall with some friends later. I had just taken a shower and was walking around the house in my towell which I do all the time when no one is there. Well I saw that the mailman just delivered mail to us and I was wating for a letter frome a friend (this hot guy) who moved away but promised to write me. Anyway I figured I could make it out to the front porch and grab the mail in the towell cause it is like only 5 feet away from the door. So I open the door and check really well that no one is outside at all. It looked clear so out I go and all of a sudden I see my cat run out of the house. Last time she got out it took us like 3 days to find her. She is a very naughty cat. So without thinking like I should have i went running after her so she didnt get too far. I got her just as she was about to go into the street. Then it hit me I was standing in the middle of my yard in only a towell and my flip flops. 

I started to go back to the house holding the cat with both hands so she didnt get away again she was squirming a lot trying to run away again. I mad it about half way across the lawn when i felt it happen. My towell started getting loose and was starting to fall off. I tried to grab it with one hand and hold my cat with the other. Just as it came loose i stepped on the end of the towell and off it came totally! Then the cat jumped out of my arms and took off across the yard. I turned around to pick up the towell and see where my kitty was running to when all of a sudden the Mailman was standing right there. I screamed and dropped to the ground grabbing the towell but he like thought I was being attacked or something cause he came running over to me asking if I was allright. I was so embarassed. He got a really really good look the first time but I don't even want to think how much he saw when he was trying to help me up. I can't be sure it might have been an accident but i think he got a couple cheep feels in. 

The worst thing is he is like our usual mailman and I like see him all the time walking home from school. He always says hi to me too. It is kind of sicko of him. He is like old in his 40s or something like my dad. 

Well haha hope you think this is funny. How come no one else has anymore lately? I don't want to bore you with all my silly stories. Let me know if they are too many or if you want some more .. I have some funny stuff that has happened to friends too.


My Mandy Storie

Ok so this happened this summer and she will die if she knew I was telling this. We all like her but sometimes she can be a bitch. So like this one day she was being so rude to us all and we were sick of her. We were over house and her parents were away for the weekend. She has a pool and is rich and everything too. So anyway my friend Tiff and me were staying over for the weekend and we were all having a good time till we started playing dress up and Mandy made fun of us when we were trying on her clothes cause she has the bigest boobs of the three of us. She was all like ok try to hold up this tube top if you can and stuff. 

So like later in the afternoon we were swimming and of course she was totally posing in her bikini in front of us all and when some of her brothers college friends were over she was acting all sexy in front of them. We got this idea to break into her parents basement where they keep the liquor and stuff and we found these peach wine coolers. They are like totally yummy! So like i had a couple and got really drunk but mandy had like 6 or 7 and passed out in the lounge chair by the pool. It was like 3 in the afternoon! Her Mom has the same problem but that is a hole different story. 

So like right before she passed out she told Tiff that she needed a boob job if she was ever going to get a guy. It is like so stupid because she is just lucky to have biig boobs if you can even call them that 32 b! at 14 1/2. 

So like Tiff wanted to write something on her bod in SPF 30 like cock hore or something LOL ! but i said no lets strip her ! I thought it would be funny ! Especiall if her brothers friends came over later. We kinda chickened during it but we did untie her top and let it fall off her. We undid it from the back and just left it on the floor next to her. We were hoping he fabiouls boobs would get sunburned. The really funny think happened next. We were watching MTV in her living room when the doorbell ringed and it was the UPS dude and he was like I have a package for well lets just say (Mandy's mom name) and I need a signature. We we like Oh she is out by the pool around back. LOL haha then as he went around the house we ran through the kitchen and sure enough she was still passed out in the lounge with her top off. So we see the UPS guy go over to her and just stop right there and he just looked for a while. H e looked around to see if anyone was watching him but we were still inside and he didnt see us. He just stood there looking for a couple minutes and Tiff said she saw him touch his thing but I didnt see that. So after a little while he goes over to her and touches her on the shoulder and shakes her a bit and she wakes up and is all pissed like what do you want and who are you. I took her a minute to look down and see she was totally topless !!! hahahaha it was soooooo funnny she was looking for her top as he was trying to get her to sign that stupid brown computer thingy. I think he loved it! Mandy came running into the house screaming the ups guy saw me naked! And we were just like oh you took you top off to get a tan and must have fell asleep and she must have thought she was drunk and did it herself cause she believed us. 

Tiff said the UPS guy stayed in his truck for like 10 minutes out in front and that he was prolly doing nasty stuff to himself in the back ! That is just gross but I dont know.


The Jen Story

Ok so Jen is this new girl we just started hanging around with this year. She really wants to be our friend but we are not sure. Anyway we were at the mall and we were trying pon clothes. I don't know if the guys here know this but we always go into the dressingrooms together like 3 or 4 of us and try on the stuff between us all. A lot of guys think that is really hot but it isn't to us lol. So at this Abercrombie there are 4 dressing rooms and a big couch in front of them full of nasty boys trying to watch under the doors. They are so pathetic to get off on seeing us strip from the knees down. 

So this was the first time Jen was doing this with us and we just grab a lot of clothes and start trying stuff on half the time we are naked in there. She was a bit shy and we could tell didnt like changing in front of us. So Mandy was like "what is your problem" and Jen said she wasnt used to walking around in some store in her underwear in front of a bunch of other girls. We all thought it was stupid because she was in a dressing room after all. So Mandy gave me this look that made me think she was going to do something and I was right. She told Jen that she had to try on this tub top cause it was hot and she needed to start dressing hotter. 

At this point I was wearing this hot little skirt and top I was trying on and Mandy was as usuall standing there half naked. Jen had on these shorts and was in her bra. Mandy trys on this tiny dress and Jen starts to put the tube top on OVER her bra. Mandy was like you idiot loose the bra no one wears a bra with a tube top. She really did not want to take it off but Mandy would not let it go. So Mandy goes over to her and pops it off from the front and says there you go. We all had a good laugh at it and she took it off and dropped it on the floor in the big pile of clothes we had made there. So she puts the tube top on and it ddid look hot on her. She has a totally nice bod. Not as nice as mine though ;-)haha 

So here is where it gets funny. Just as she is pulling the tube top off over her head Mandy looks at me and says "why dont you go out and get some more stuff" 
Then says I'll go with you too. 

At this moment Jen is standing there in her knickers and topless holding the tube top up to cover herself. Mandy grabs the tube top and kicks all the other clothes on the floor under the wall to one of the other dressing rooms that was empty. 

The opens the dressing room door. Jen lets out a scream which only made sure everyone in the store looked over. Mandy swings the door totally open and holds it there with both hands. I just walked out and stood ther watching. 

Jen had such a look of fear on her face. She was half naked right in the middle of Abercrombie. The couch full of boys were all laughing and whistling. 

She tried to pull the door closed but Mandy was holding it and she was useing only one hand cause the other was busy covering her boobs. 
She didnt know what to do. Finally she gives up trying to cover herself and grabs the door with both hands and pulls it closed. But while she was doing that she was standing like 2 feet out in the store and everyone saw her boobs and ass since she had a thong on. Like 10 kids must have seen her and even this one older guy with his daughter who was shopping there. He really was staring. His daughter kept saying Dad this sick don't look! 

She crawled under and got her clothes back and was so pissed when she walked out of that dressing room. She ditched us in the mall and we didnt see her till School on Monday. 

She still hangs out with us cause we are so popular but you can tell she is still kinda mad. 

Well hope you like the story BYE! K;-)~


I am glad some of you like the things I posted. I can't belive Dan thought what happened to me was one of his favorite stories! 

Maybe all you "sickos" as Mandy calls you LOL will like this. I have to go to this Dance for New Years for part of a school thing. So I needed a new dress. I went shopping at the mall with Mandy to buy one. I totally thought she was going to do something to me to get me back but that never happened. 

OMG we must have tried on every dress in the mall! I knew we would be doing this so I kinda planed on it and wore something I could take off easy several million times. It seems everyone ikes details so here goes. I just wore this jean mini and a tanktop, flip flops and yes of course I did wear underwear! Sorry ! Lol 

Well here is what happened. I was in this store trying dreses on and I kinda think I know what I want. A strapless white or pink long dress that makes me look totally hot and is really classy. We take pictures of each other wearing stuff in the dressing rooms so we can look at it later and see how great we look in stuff. We were in this department store and the dressing rooms were coed and all these guys were checking us out it was hot. I had this really cute white dress on. Mandy was taking pictures and was like "Nice Kayla I can totally see your underwear through that dress." They had writing all over them. I forget what it said but you could read it through the dress. Hahah it looked totally dorkie! So I had to take them off for the pictures. Ok so here is the weird part. We were running around the store getting more stuff to try and when I go back in to change I looked around and someone stole my flip flops and my underwear! They didn't take my back pack with my money or my bra that was on the floor right next to everything. Just my underwear and shoes! Weird right? I totaly thought Mandy was playing a trick on me but she was with me the whole time and we were there alone without any other friends. 

Why would someone do that ? She said I sould ask my "sicko" friends on "that crazy boad" Thats all of you ;-) hahah j/k. 

I sucked cause all I had was this totally short mini I wore cause it was easy to get out of. Now Ihave worn skirts without underwear before but never this short! The lingerie dept was two floors up and I hate dept store underwear anway. I figured I would just run into the first store and buy some. So I got dressed and headed out barefoot into the mall REALLY carefull to watch Mandy so she didnt pants me there in the middle of it all. I was so nervous cause it felt like everyone was staring at me. Luckly nothign like that happened and I just ducked into AE and bought some new flips and new underwear and put them on in the bathroom. But I did have to walk like half way throught the mall in that short skirt bare fooot and bare something else! LOL Mandy was trying to get me to go sit on Santa's lap like that and give him a thrill but i didnt want to kill the old guy!~ 

Well I just wanted to say hi and happy holidays and sorry but this was the only crazy thing that happened to me since the last time. I f anyone has any ideas on why someone would steal my stuff I will let Mandy know what you thought. LOL And if it was one of you guys who did it you can keep the stuff I had those flip flops since I was 12 and they are probably really smelly !!!!!hahaha BYE!!!


My mascot story

OMG!! some of those last stories are pretty sicko ...hahaha. 
Sorry I haven't told you guys any stories lately. 

I do have a couple but they are not as good as the ones i just read. Sorry !!! 

I did end up having to be the mascot at that game and everyone was trying to get me to go commando as one of you said. I have to tell you i kind of chickened out. I had never worn one of those costumes before so i didnt know what to expect. I called me friend jules who usually does it and she just said it gets totally hot under that stupid thing. By the way its a bever ... no jokes!!! 

She said just wear shorts and a sports bra. So I am in the locker room and my girls are trying to get me to do it with nothing on under it and I was totally nervous. Finally i said i would do it in my underwear. I started to get undressed and was like oh great .. I wore a thong that day. Hhahaha. Then I got the stupid bever coustume on and I needed help getting the head on. Mandy was like I will help you but you have to loose that bra. Then she dared me .. I realy can not say no to dares. So off it came! It wasnt a big deal cause I had the thng on and I just slipped it off. I kinda felt good any way it was totally soft inside. 

So pretty much nothing happened for the first hour or so. The usuall I guess for the mascot. People making stupid bever jokes and drunk people trying to get me to talk. We arent supposed to talk at all .... that is really hard!!! 

Then at half time I saw Mandy talking to a bunch of the guys on the bench and a little later a couple of them came over to me and were like " Kayla is that you in there" I just shook my head up and down. These guys were really cute! 
Then one goes "Mandy says you are naked under that costume" I almost died! I shook my head side to side. Then one of the boys started groping me to see if it was true. He was like I cant tell. Then they both did it. It was kinda hot in a way how they were paying attention to me. Soon about 5 of them were all around me teasing me and feeling me up. One of them started humping me from behind and saying stuff about giving it to the bever real good. 

The boy doing that is only like the hottest boy in school and never really pays attention to me. He was only doing it cause all his friends were there but I really didnt care it was totaly turning me on. I kinda wished I had skipped the underwear!! 

It is really hard to move in that costume cause it has this stupid big tail and big feet. All of a sudden I feel a draft and I realize someone is pulling down the zipper in the back. I tried to turn around but someone was standing on my tail and I couldnt. Then i felt a hand in there with me feeling around. 
This boy Dayton ( the hot one) had unzipped me and reached in to find out. 
I felt his hand on my butt and then .. yep on my boob and he was like "holy shit" Kayla is naked under there!! Then I got rushed and like a bunch of hands were in there totally groping me. They squeezed my butt and boobs and someone was yanking at my thong giving me a totaly huge wedgie. 

It went on for a couple minutes until one of the teachers and the coach broke it up cause they thought it was a fight. At that point I didn't know if I wanted to run away or screw the first guy I could get my hands on. It was really hot having all those cute guys paying so much attention to me!!! ;-) 

The coach had to zip me back up and the zipper was stuck and he had to work on it a while I can only imagine what he saw!!!! I kinda got in trouble but not really. The coach called me in and said Kayla you are really supposed to wear something under that costume. I just said it was really hot and i didnt know and no one would have if those nasty boys didnt unzip me. He toally bought it! We flirt with him all the time and he loves it. 

Anyway I dont think I am going to be a mascot again anymore. It was really fun but people still laugh about it and sometimes make that bever face when they pass me in the hall. That sucks. 

Well there you go not to exciting compared to some of the stories but some are kinda hard to belive they are true!!!!OMG 

Well byebye KaYlA :-)~


