

              

Girl Scout Chronicles - 5
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

Jan takes a walk and finds out Boy Scouts can be 
prepared, too. (Mm/f-teen, ped, inc, exh, orgy)

***

Early the next morning I awoke and looked at the two 
bodies lying beside me on the lodge floor. God, what a 
night we had had! I slowly stood up, and being careful 
to not wake Sandy and Lisa, stole silently out the 
lodge door and walked down the trail to my tent. 

I removed my little sundress and then went around to 
the outdoor showers. The sun was already shining down 
into the curtained off area, so I opened the canvas all 
the way so I was standing in the open air. I stood 
under the warm water as the rays made my wet skin 
glisten.

I felt my nipples start to swell as I kneaded my 
breasts and moved under the cascading water. I backed 
up so the spray was pouring directly on my shaven cunt 
lips and I moaned with pleasure at the feelings 
building in my body's nerve endings. 

I opened my legs so the water flowed down between my 
outer lips and teased my clit and inner folds 
delightfully. As I got more and more aroused I slid my 
fingers up and down my little crack and bucked my hips 
back and forth until I could feel the orgasm coming on 
fast.

I leaned my head back and sucked on the water as 
shivers ran through my body. Fingering myself faster 
and faster, I panted and moaned, louder and louder, 
until I gasped and jerked as the orgasm wracked my 
swollen cunt and stiff little nipples. My legs trembled 
and shook as wave after wave hit me until I was gasping 
and quivering and clutching my breasts and cunt hard, 
stiffening at every contraction running up my stomach.

I finally came back to earth and turned off the shower 
and stepped off the slat flooring and onto the soft 
grass area beside the showers to dry my soaked hair and 
body in the warm heat. The breeze blew between my legs 
and cooled my little cunt down but my nipples hardened 
again almost immediately from the wind's caress. I ran 
my fingernails across the pebbled ends and gasped as I 
felt them swell even tighter until they were aching and 
throbbing under my light scratching.

I decided that I would go for a walk in the forest 
until my friends woke up, so I headed up the slope 
toward the ridge where Angie and I had found the little 
pool a few weeks ago. 

I stretched as I went feeling intensely horny from the 
constant breeze caressing every part of my naked little 
body. I licked my dry lips and panted as I climbed 
higher until I was on a low promontory overlooking the 
valley and the shimmering water below.

As I topped the rise I heard laughter and stopped dead 
in my tracks, and then I dropped to the pine needle 
covered forest floor. I slowly edged forward until I 
could see over the cliff edge, and looked down on two 
boys playing in our pool. I could clearly see from my 
vantage point that they were young, possibly Boy Scouts 
from the neighboring camp up the valley from ours. 

But the thing that made my heart race and moisture form 
on my cunt lips was the fact that they too were naked 
as the day they were born and both were sporting very 
yummy looking erections as they cavorted around in the 
water and on the rocks.

I watched as I moved my hips on the soft bed of needles 
under me, brushing them across my swelling little puffy 
cunt lips. As I humped the ground faster and faster I 
brushed my nipples back and forth, too, so my nerve 
endings were driving me crazy with lust.

Just as I was about to come I gasped as one boy grabbed 
the other's penis and pulled on it! I was shocked and 
mesmerized at the sight. Then the other reached down 
and did the same to the first boy and they began to 
jerk up and down on each others stiff shafts as they 
stared at each other and moaned loud enough that I 
could hear them plainly.

Then I heard them both gasp loudly and saw white cum 
fly out of the ends of their penises all over each 
others' legs and stomachs. At the same time I reached 
back under my sweaty body and shoved my fingers up my 
cunt and sprayed my juices all over the pine needles as 
I came, and came, and came, jerking and twitching and 
gasping so hard that the little needles were waving in 
the wash of my breath as I lay with my face turned to 
the side on the moist soft carpet. 

I let out a little squeal, and then realized that the 
boy's probably had heard me. I leaned up on my elbows 
to peer over the ledge and saw them staring up at my 
face looming above them, with my hair hanging in my 
face and a wild look of lust just now starting to fade 
from my eyes.

They leaped into the thick trees and I could hear them 
dashing away as twigs snapped, and I heard them shout 
to each other to run for it. I couldn't help but laugh 
at their plight, and at the fact that they had no idea 
what I had just been doing as I ogled their little 
white hairless bodies. 

I stood up and brushed the leaves and needles off, and 
then walked down the trail to the pond to dive in and 
clean my sweaty body. I was grinning from ear to ear 
remembering the shocked look on their faces as I 
floated lazily on my back luxuriating in the cool 
water. I dove under, and then slowly floated back up to 
the surface and swam around for a while until I got 
cold, then I climbed out onto the flat rock by the edge 
of the pond and stretched out to dry in the hot sun. 
The warm rock felt great on my wet buns and back and I 
wiggled to feel the smooth stone caress my backside.

I don't know how long I had been asleep when I heard 
voices and opened my eyes to look up into the grinning 
faces of about ten little Boy Scouts grouped around my 
naked form on the rock. Apparently the two boys went 
back to camp and told the others and they ran to see 
for themselves the naked little blonde girl in the 
woods.

"What are you doing at our swimming hole?" one asked.

"I didn't see your names anywhere, guys," I giggled, as 
I tried to cover my private parts unsuccessfully. I was 
bigger than any of them and had the advantage since 
they were spellbound staring at my naked cunt and 
breasts. I smiled, and then gasped, as a new person 
stepped into the circle and stared down at me!

"Jan! What the fuck are you doing here?" 

I stared incredulously at my big brother Bobby standing 
there in a Scout Leaders uniform. He is a student at 
Glendale Junior College, and I hadn't heard from him in 
almost six months, so I was shocked, to say the least 
to see him ogling me in front of all his little boys.

"Bobby, is that really you in that outfit?" I giggled, 
as I turned bright red and tried once again to cover 
myself.

"Yeah, the Boy Scout Council came to school looking for 
a coach type to act as counselor for the summer and I 
accepted since the pay was great. But what are you 
doing clear down here, and why are you naked? Though I 
must admit that I'm getting hornier and hornier staring 
at your sweet little bod that I love so much," he 
laughed, as he took his scarf off, then got another 
from one of the boys, so I could cover up somewhat.

I draped his big neckerchief around my breasts and tied 
it in back, then held the smaller one over my stomach 
to hide my cunt from the scout's view. I sat up on the 
rock as Bobby told the Scouts to sit down on a log 
nearby while we talked.

"So, tell me, what's up?" He asked as he sat beside me 
and held my trembling hand. I explained all about the 
Girl Scout camp, and Angie and all the rest, as he 
listened with those piercing blue eyes focused on mine. 
He laughed at the end, and smiled, and then kissed me 
softly.

"Well, I never in a hundred years would have expected 
to see you here, and definitely not naked," he 
chuckled, as he reached over and pinched one of my 
nipples through the scarf.

"Bobby, stop, those little guys are already horny 
enough!" I whispered, as I pushed his hand away.

"Hey, Coach!" One of the bigger boys yelled, "Are you 
going to fuck her?"

All the rest giggled, and poked each other in the ribs, 
as my face got even redder. Bobby grinned, and then 
winked at them as he put his arm around my shoulder and 
hugged me.

"What do you say, little sister, want to get laid in 
front of a bunch of Boy Scouts?" He whispered, as he 
panted softly in my ear.

"Bobby, you can't be serious! They would blab it all 
over the valley, if we did anything like that!"

"Hey, guys, can you keep a secret? My little sis here 
wants me to fuck her in front of you all, what do you 
think? Think I should?" He yelled, as he hugged me 
tighter against his side. 

The stunned looks turned to lascivious grins as they 
all nodded in unison and yelled, "Right on! Sock it to 
her, coach!" then burst out in uproarious laughter 
while giving each other high fives.

Bobby turned to me and whispered, "You don't have to do 
this if you don't want to. You know?"

I nodded and bit my upper lip as I felt moisture run 
out of my swelling cunt lips onto the hard rock beneath 
me. I was so turned on by the Scouts staring at my 
almost nude body that I was shaking with anticipation 
of being totally naked with Bobby's fat penis up my hot 
little cunt while all the boys watched and lusted after 
me.

"You know me, big brother, better than anyone else in 
the world, so you know that I am so hot I could scream 
wanting you inside me and fucking me until I can't 
stand!" I replied, as I watched the boys' little 
hardons raising tents in their Scout shorts as they 
ogled me.

"Okay, then, let that scarf you are holding in your lap 
slide down slowly until they can see up your hot little 
pussy, okay?"

"Oh,God, Bobby! I am so turned on I'm dribbling here!" 
I whispered, as I let the scarf fall away from my 
thighs and then spread my legs a little until the wet 
pink folds of my outer cunt lips were exposed to the 
lusting looks of the Scouts, now shamelessly rubbing 
their penises through their shorts. 

I heard soft panting and gasping coming from the group 
as I leaned back on the rock on my elbows, and then 
spread my legs even wider to let the sun light up the 
shimmering wet lips on my little cunt, and my engorged 
clit starting to peek out.

Bobby leaned over and ran his hand up my leg as chills 
ran up my spine and my nipples swelled to little 
mountains on my breasts. He signaled to the boys and 
they all got up and came over and surrounded the rock 
staring down at me. I laid back and stretched my arms 
over my head and arched my back so my cunt was open in 
front of their lusting eyes.

"Oh, God, Bobby, fuck me now! I want you inside me, 
please?" I whimpered, as Bobby continued to run his 
hand all over my trembling little body. He pushed his 
fingers into my slit and then spread my outer lips so 
the boys could see the pink inner folds and my clit 
throbbing inside. I was rolling all over the rock now, 
begging him over and over to fuck me, I was soooo horny. 
I couldn't take much more or I would cum right then.

At that exact moment Bobby shoved hard and I spurted 
cum all over his hand and the rock as I screamed out my 
release, and jerked and shook violently under my 
orgasm's shock waves.

Then Bobby stood up and pealed his shirt off. His pants
followed as did his boots until he stood over me with
his stiff erection jutting out and waving in front
of my half closed eyes.

He spread his body above me in a pushup position, 
steady as a rock on his strong arms and his penis 
dangling and rubbing up and down over my sweaty little 
body, leaving little trails of pre cum over my belly 
and down to my cunt.

"Oh, God, Bobby, please, stop teasing me and shove your 
dick up my cunt, now!" I yelled, as the Scouts one by 
one tore their shorts down and freed their pulsing 
little dicks to the cool mountain air.

Bobby oh so slowly lowered his muscular chest until his 
taut nipples were brushing mine sending shivers over my 
stomach and twinges through my nipples and cunt. He 
kept moving up and down over my hot little body until I 
was crazy with longing and trying desperately to pull 
him down on me.

"Not yet, little one, I'm going to get you really hot 
first, and then I'll let you have what you want," He 
panted, as he continued dragging his shaft up and down 
over my slick front, every once in a while dipping it 
down over my swollen clit and causing me to jerk and 
buck my hips up at him.

"Oh, God, Bobby! If you don't fuck me soon I'll 
scream!" I panted, as he slid the tip of his penis up 
and down my sopping wet slit, parting my lips with the 
big mushroom head so he could tease my inner lips and 
clit. Slowly he slid a little bit in and than pulled 
back as he grinned down at me. He did this over and 
over driving me up the wall, and I kept arching my back 
trying to shove his fat dick into my hot hole.

The Scouts were all jerking their little penises as 
they watched Bobby tease me. I pulled my arms from 
around my big brothers neck and reached out for the 
nearest two boys on either side of me and grabbed their 
little cocks in both my fists, and began to squeeze and 
slide up and down the rigid little shafts as the boys 
grunted and sweat poured off their straining little 
bodies.

Then, when I was going almost crazy with lust, Bobby 
finally eased his big fat penis slowly up into my 
hungry little cunt and I sighed with pure delight as I 
felt the ridges of his head rub my nerve endings along 
the inside walls of my vagina. He slowly edged back out 
to the very tip and I strained up off the rock to keep 
him in. 

I wanted to feel him in me all the way so bad that I 
begged him over and over to please fuck me, please fuck 
me, please fuck me, until he finally eased back in 
until I felt his balls brush the sensitive area between 
my cunt and my anus and I shuddered.

I wiggled my hips and he started fucking me in earnest, 
ramming his cock in and out, in and out, as the Scouts 
stared in awe at the little blonde girl writhing under 
her brother and screaming at each new thrust.

"Oh, bobby, fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck your little sister! 
Harder! Harder! Oh God, fuck meeeee! Faster, Bobby, oh 
God, give it to me, harder, harder, fuck me 
Bobbeeeee!!! Unh, unh, unh, unh, unh, oh shit, I'm 
gonna' cum Bobby, I'm gonna' cum, oh God, here I cum 
Bobbbeeeee! " 

My screams drove the little masturbating Scouts over 
the edge and they shot cum all over Bobby and me until 
we were slipping and sliding in the pools on the smooth 
rock surface. Then I jerked up stiff in the air as I 
shot a stream of cum out around Bobby's fat penis as 
he added to the flow with his own hot ejaculation. I 
twitched my trembling legs around his slim hips, until 
I was completely drained and exhausted, and feeling a 
deep glow in my cunt and the rest of my battered little 
body.

Bobby looked down at me and smiled. Then he kissed me 
so softly that I began to cry, I was sooo happy, with 
him inside me and holding him tight against my soaked 
little body.He nuzzled my ear and whispered,

"Honey that was the best fuck I ever had in my life! 
You were totally out of control, and looked soo hot as 
you lay there under me. I love you honey, more than 
ever."

"Oh, Bobby, I love you so much, and thank you for 
making me feel so very special. Can we fuck again while 
you are still here?" 

"Well, I don't know if these guys can be trusted to 
keep quiet, but I'll try to see you whenever I get the 
chance to sneak away, okay?"

"Maybe I could come over to your camp sometimes, too, 
you think?"

"I don't know if that is such a good idea, you might 
have your hands full again if you do," He laughed, as 
he looked at the forlorn looking Scouts with their limp 
little dicks hanging down. 

I laughed then, too and he let me up and we dove into 
the pool and horsed around with the boys until we were 
all clean and grinning from ear to ear. Then Bobby 
loaned me his big Scout shirt and I put it on and 
grinned when he looked at me with renewed lust on his 
face.

"I can just see the bottom swells of your cute little 
butt and your nipples are poking up under that shirt 
and driving me crazy all over again, little sis," He 
panted, as he pulled me close and pressed his swelling 
penis against my cool white tummy, through the opening 
in the front of the unbuttoned fabric.

I hugged him and ran my fingers through his hair and 
kissed him hard on his sweet lips as he ran his tongue 
over mine and then deep into my gasping mouth. I moaned 
and sank harder against him as he reached down and 
grabbed my rear end and pulled me to his erect penis. 
Then he lifted me up and I placed my legs around his 
waist as he entered me once more, while holding me up 
in the air. He is so strong and I'm so light that I 
felt like I was floating on the air as he fucked in and 
out of my tight little cunt. 

I squeezed his dick with my vaginal muscles until he 
gasped and shot a load of his hot cum so far up in me 
that I thought I could taste it on my tongue! His hips 
jerked and he gasped as each contraction passed and I 
came over and over with him, clasping my legs tight 
around him and gushing all over his thighs.

He let me back down and I took the shirt off and we 
dove in again. He laughed as he swam around me in 
circles. Then we got out and dried in the sun as the 
boys dozed from their hard days play. 

Finally it started to cool off so we said our goodbyes 
and I kissed all the little guys and hugged them until 
I felt their little penises getting hard again. They 
wanted to fuck me but Bobby said no, so they trudged 
off down the trail muttering among themselves about the 
unfair coach and the hot little blonde babe that he 
wouldn't share with them.

I giggled, and kissed Bobby one more time, and he 
slapped my butt and turned to go catch up with his 
group. I slid the shirt on and left it open so the cool 
breeze could blow across my sore nipples and headed 
back up the hill to camp

As I descended the other side to our valley I could see 
Sandy and Lisa looking up at me. They met me at the 
trail, and asked me where I had been, and I told them 
the incredulous story as they gaped at me in awe.

"Wow!" Sandy gasped, "So when do we get to meet this 
Adonis brother of yours?"

"Yeah, Jan, you have to share with your bosom buddies," 
Lisa giggled.

"Well, I suppose we could all go over to the Boy Scout 
Camp and fuck everybody there," I laughed, as we headed 
into the lodge to get something to drink.

The rest of the day we lazed by the pool, playing with 
each other. Later, after dark, Angie came back and we 
headed down the trail to our tents while I filled her 
in on the days escapades. She was as surprised as I had 
been when I told her Bobby was just down the valley 
from us. She wanted to go right then, but I persuaded 
her to eat me instead, and she giggled as she spread my 
legs and shoved her big fat tongue deep up into my 
cunt.

"Oh, God, Angie, I love your tongue! No penis will ever 
feel as good, though Bobby sure runs an awful close 
second."

"I agree!" she mumbled into my smooth slit, as she 
licked me up and down and probed in and out. I pulled 
her around until her puffy little pink cunt lips were 
on my mouth and I ran my own tongue up and down her 
pretty little vagina opening until we were both gasping 
and fucking each others faces. I moaned as I felt her 
moist juices on my searching tongue. She is soo sweet 
tasting and I love her so much!

Then we both gasped loudly as the orgasms washed over 
our sweaty little bodies. We trembled for what seemed 
like hours until the tensions slowly eased, and then we 
drifted off, two happy little campers with satisfied 
smiles on our faces.


