      
      Part VII
      James sent flowers to Lisa's office on the day 
following the night Lisa got on her knees for him and 
encouraged him to think about her face between Susan's legs 
and Susan's pussy opened by Lisa's fingers.
      Lisa called Susan.  "Hey, I hope you were serious 
about all of us getting together.  I think James is 
certainly interested."
      "Oh my god, did you tell him?"
      "Well, not in so many words, but we talked about 
having you in bed with us."  Lisa was whispering.
      "Oh, girl, give it up.  What did you say to him?"
      "Susan! I'm at work.  I can't talk."
      "Well, I can.  Did you tell him we would both suck his 
cock?"
      "Nail on the head."
      Susan laughed.  "Did you tell him I'd like to lie 
underneath the two of you and watch him fuck you?"
      "Nail two."
      "Or, you nasty girl, did you tell him you wanted to 
watch him fuck me?"
      "Three for three."
      "I'll talk to Charles.  How about this weekend?"
      Lisa laughed.  "Well, let's see.  Maybe we can just 
get together.  If things happen, they happen, okay?"
      "Oh, I bet things will happen.  I'm already getting 
wet."
      "Well, I'm at work so that's not a good option for me 
right now."
      "What?  You're not allowed to get wet at work?"
      "Yes.  I think that's in the manual."
      "So if I talk to dirty to you, there's nothing you can 
do?"
      "Yes, that would be correct."
      "So, it might cause you discomfort to think about 
having James fucking your pussy while you suck Charles's 
cock and I suck your nipples?"
      "Yes, that sounds like a good idea, but that little 
problem we discussed may be about to happen."
      "Hmmmm.  I'm getting wet, too.  I've always wanted to 
get fucked in the pussy and the mouth at the same time.  
That won't be a problem with you, will it?"
      "No.  I can't say THAT will be a problem.  But, I 
really am going to have to go now."
      Susan laughed.  "Okay, go.  I'll talk to you later."
      Susan called Charles and he agreed that the four of 
them getting together for drinks and dinner on Saturday 
sounded like an excellent idea.
      They went to dinner at a bar and grill where the 
steaks were cooked on a big open pit grill in the middle of 
a patio.  Charles picked a good white wine, a Gloria St. 
Jean chardonnay and James picked a Black Opal merlot from 
Australia.  Later; after four bottles of wine, Caesar salad 
for four, two strip sirloins and two filet mignons; the 
group was laughing and having a terrific time.
      After the plates were cleared, James picked up his 
glass of wine and held it for a toast, "To a great time, 
great food, and two terrifically gorgeous ladies."
      "Ah," said Lisa, "he's so sweet."  She leaned over and 
gave James a quick kiss on the lips. 
      "Ah," said Susan, "he is sweet.  Do you mind?"  She 
leaned over and gave him a kiss, too.  He was slightly 
surprised and most intrigued that her lips were parted and 
he, without a doubt, felt the touch of her tongue against 
his lips.
      "Hey," Charles said, "I'm sweet, too, you know."
      Susan gave him a good kiss.  When she was through, 
Lisa leaned over and kissed Charles.  Their tongues touched 
and moved together.  James smiled and surprised himself by 
getting excited when he noticed Lisa's and Charles's kiss 
involved open mouths and lips that moved passionately 
together.
      "Hey, you two up for a night cap at our house?" Susan 
asked.
      "Sure," Lisa said.
       

      
      At the house Lisa and James ended up on the couch.  
Charles sat in his recliner while Susan went into the 
kitchen to get soft drinks for everyone.  Lisa was 
determined to push the evening and was sitting close to 
James.
      "Thank you," Lisa said, "for a great evening."  She 
kissed James.  She would not let him pull his head away.  
Her tongue moved between his lips and one hand gripped his 
arm firmly.  She made a purring sound in her throat and 
rolled toward him.  "Thank you very much," she whispered 
and then continued kissing him.
      "Hmmm," Susan said returning to the living room, 
"looks like fun."  She sat in Charles's lap and started 
kissing him.
      Lisa's hand made its way inside James's shirt.  He was 
very surprised and a little worried about how forward Lisa 
was being.  He could still only believe that their bedroom 
fantasies were destined to be only fantasies.  He glanced 
over at Charles and Susan and noticed that they were 
seriously involved with each other.  Charles's hand was on 
Susan's side with Charles obviously caressing the side of 
Susan's breast.
      Okay, fine, James thought to himself, he would see 
just how far Lisa was willing to go in this passionate 
embrace.  He moved his hand up her side.  As his palm slid 
over her side, he could feel her ribs.  He let his thumb 
slide up the front of her body so that when his hand felt 
the gentle swell of her breast at her side, his thumb was 
nestled in the crease just beneath her breast.  He could 
feel the soft warm weight of her breast against his thumb 
and the side of his hand.
      Lisa moved just a little, pulling her breast away from 
his chest to give him room to move his thumb up and over 
her nipple.  He could feel the hard nub of her nipple and 
he circled his thumb around it.  She rewarded his move with 
a gentle moan deep in her throat.
      Across the room Charles had unbuttoned two of Susan's 
buttons and was running his fingertips across the swell of 
her breasts above her bra.  Charles looked over Susan's 
shoulder just in time to see James look up at him.  Lisa 
was kissing James's neck. James's hand was filled with 
Lisa's breast.  Charles winked at James and smiled.  
Charles let a hand drop to caress Susan's ass.  James did 
the same to Lisa.
      Both ladies were unaware of what the other was doing, 
but the guys both noticed that both ladies rolled their 
hips to give their man easier access to their bottom.  Each 
guy let their hand slip further under his lady.
      James, who had always shown restraint with Lisa, 
decided Lisa knew what she was doing and she seemed to want 
. . . well, he wasn't sure what it was she wanted, but he 
decided that a bit more aggression and a bit more raw 
physical activity would not be a mistake.  He moved his 
hand over her ass and pressed his finger tips between her 
cheeks, gripping her ass with lustful attention.  She 
responded by swinging one leg over his and grinding her 
groin against his thigh.  At that point he knew that, in 
this moment, he had not made a mistake.
      Susan tried to straddle Charles and he moved both 
hands to her ass.  The recliner did not lend itself to 
their posture and almost tipped over when she tried to rub 
her mound against his cock.
      Susan laughed and looked over at the other couple.  
James had one hand on Lisa's breast and the other gripping 
her ass.  Lisa looked back over her shoulder at Susan.  She 
smiled and their eyes met knowingly.
      Susan said, "Guys, Charles and I are going to kill 
ourselves in this chair.  We're going to the bed.  It's 
king size and you can have half if you want."
      Lisa tugged James to his feet and followed Charles and 
Susan to the bedroom.
      The couples lay side by side, the girls prone on top 
of the guys, kissing their respective mate and rotating 
their hips, slowly against their partner.  Both men had 
their hands fondling the bottom of their partner.  James 
raised his eyebrows in question to Lisa.  She put her lips 
beside his ear and whispered, saying, "You okay?"
      He nodded.  She smiled and mouthed "good."  She 
pressed her hips harder against him and groaned when his 
hands squeezed her bottom.
      James glanced over at Susan and Charles.  Charles's 
face was hidden by the open panels of Susan's blouse.  
Susan's head was tilted back, her eyes closed and her hands 
on Charles's head.  Charles obviously had his mouth on 
Susan's breasts.  While James watched, Susan shrugged her 
shoulders and her blouse slid down her arms.  He could not 
help but enjoy his view of Susan, her top slipped down, her 
bra pushed up exposing her breasts to Charles's mouth and 
James's view.
      James looked at Lisa to see if he could tell what she 
was thinking.  She looked at what he was looking at, 
smiled, reached down and grasped his cock through his pants 
and said, "Sexy, huh?"
      "Oh, yeah."
      "You don't mind do you?"
      "No."
      Lisa started unbuttoning his shirt and letting her 
lips and tongue trail over his chest.
      Susan looked over at her friends and seeing no 
objection on James's part, she slipped her shirt and bra 
off and tossed them to the floor.  She smiled at James.  
Charles's hands were on her breasts as she undid his shirt.
      Lisa sat up and pulled her top off over her head and 
tossed it to the floor.  She put her hands behind her as if 
to unfasten her bra and looked at James.  She raised her 
eyebrows as if asking him whether she should proceed.  He 
nodded and soon her bra joined her shirt on the floor.  Her 
nipples were swollen with excitement and James raised his 
head to take a nipple into his mouth.
      Both ladies made moaning noises as the guys sucked and 
licked their breasts.  Susan reached a hand out to Lisa and 
Lisa took her hand.  They looked at each other, smiled, 
nodded, and gave their hands a squeeze.
      At the same time, Lisa and Susan began moving down the 
bed until each could get to the waist of their lover's 
pants.  They unbuttoned and unzipped the pants beneath 
them.  James looked quickly to confirm that the same thing 
was happening with Charles.  Charles grinned at him and 
shrugged as if to say, "what can we do?"
      Their pants slid down their legs and soon the girls 
were fondling them through their shorts.  Lisa's hand went 
to James's waist band and pushed its way to where she could 
grasp the solid mass of his cock.  Susan's hand on Charles 
was not far behind.  James sensed more than saw Charles's 
erection as Susan pulled his shorts down to free the cock.  
James felt the cooler air of the room wash over his cock as 
Lisa exposed him in the same way.
      As Lisa bent down to take the tip of James's cock in 
her mouth, he no longer worried about what was going on.  
His eyes closed and he concentrated on feeling the warm, 
wet wash of Lisa's tongue over the tip of his cock.  He 
could hear the noises Susan made as she sucked on Charles.  
The bed moved as Charles pushed his hips toward Susan, 
seeking to be deeper inside her mouth.
      Charles was the first to speak when he said, "You 
girls need to get naked."
      The girls looked at each other and both climbed off 
the end of the bed.  Charles and James raised their head to 
watch as the two ladies stripped, removing their pants and 
panties quickly.  The ladies then tugged off the men's 
shoes and pulled their pants off.  Two cocks pointed 
stiffly toward the ceiling.  
      "God, this is so hot," Susan said, "I am so wet."
      "You're not the only one." Lisa said.  "Excuse me, but 
I'm going to get fucked now."
      Susan laughed.  "Me, too."  
      They straddled their respective men and, taking cocks 
in hand, they spread their legs, reached underneath 
themselves, and together slid down, taking the cocks 
inside.  James and Charles each moved in rhythm, seeking to 
match the movement of the ladies with thrusts of their own.
      In a moment, Susan looked over to see Lisa bending 
over James, her hips pistoning on his cock, her hands 
resting on the bed, and her breasts moving with each plunge 
and thrust of her hips.  Just the sight was enough to send 
Susan to the edge of orgasm.  When she tried to take a 
breath it turned into a moan of pleasure.
      James heard Susan's moan and it sent him to the edge 
of an orgasm.  He moved his hands to Lisa's hips and 
started thrusting harder, seeking release in her depths.
      Watching James start to thrust harder into LIsa made 
Susan lose it and she had an orgasm, crying out as she 
tried to take Charles's cock as deep as possible as her 
body shuddered and jerked.  The sounds Susan made, and the 
movement of James beneath her, were all it took and Lisa 
began to climax as well.
      Charles was holding back, enjoying his wife and the 
friends beside them and the abandonment of everyone having 
sex at the same time.
      Watching Susan climax actually distracted James and 
just at the edge of orgasm, he hung there, not quiet 
willing to go the extra step over the edge.  He did not 
want things to end.
      The girls collapsed on their men.  Lisa and Susan 
looked at each other, giggled and reached out a hand to 
each other.
      "That was nice, but I don't think Charles came," Susan 
said.
      "How about you?"  Lisa looked at James.
      "Not quiet, but that's okay.  I will soon, I think."
      Susan looked at Lisa and said, "I know what Charles 
would like.  He wants to come in my ass, don't you dear?"
      Charles laughed.  "You know me.  Always."
      Lisa looked down at the expression on James's face.  
"I've never done that.  Have you?"  She asked him.
      "No.  I tried once, but we couldn't do it."
      It was very quiet in the room for a moment.  Then, 
Lisa said quietly, "Would you like to try with me?"
      "Are you sure?"
      "Yes.  I want to try and take you in my ass.  Okay?"
      "Sure."
      Susan bounced off the bed and said, "Cool, hang on 
I'll get the lube."
      She opened a drawer on the nightstand and pulled out a 
bottle of lube.  She looked at Lisa and said, "Charles was 
so gentle the first time we did it.  Let us show you how.  
You can do it like we do."
      Susan climbed back on the bed, rolled over Charles, 
pushing him backward with her hip and told Lisa, "Get on 
your side facing me."
      Lisa moved off James and lay on the bed about a foot 
and a half from Susan.  The men lay behind them.  Susan 
reached back and squirted lube into Charles's hand.  She 
held the lube toward James.  He reached a hand out and she 
put a large dollop in his palm.
      "Always use lots of lube," Susan said.  "Put some on 
her ass, push a little in... hmmm... yeah, like that," she 
said looking back at Charles.  Charles's fingers were 
rubbing her, pushing part of the way into her ass to spread 
the lube.
      James reached down to Lisa's ass and, using two 
fingers, spread lube over her asshole.  Seeing that Susan 
had done the same, Lisa reached back with one hand and 
spread her cheeks to give James easy access.  For some 
reason, James found that to be very sexy.
      "Be sure and lube your cock.  Then, leave the bottle 
here in the middle so either of us can get more lube if we 
need it."  
      James followed Susan's instructions.  
      "Now, it will be a little easier for me, but I'm going 
to try to describe how to make it go slow and gentle.  
Okay?"
      Lisa could only nod.  Even though she had just 
climaxed, she was very excited about what was happening.
      "Now, James," Susan said, "you have to let Lisa kind 
of be in control.  Hold your cock in your hand so that you 
can't accidentally slip in.  Start to masturbate against 
her asshole, but don't come.  If you need to rest, rest 
first."
      "No, I'm okay."  James's hand started to stroke his 
cock.  The tip of him was buried in the slippery warmth 
between her cheeks, pressed against her skin.  It felt very 
good to him.  It felt very exciting to Lisa.
      Charles was doing the same thing with Susan.
      "Hmmmmmm," Susan said, "just enjoy the way that feels.  
Feels good, doesn't it Lisa?"
      "Oh yeah."
      "Well, as he holds it and rubs it against you start 
putting a little pressure against him.  Try to keep him 
centered on your asshole."
      Lisa did just that, she started moving her hips and 
thrusting gently back against the cock that pressed against 
her.  She could feel the knuckles on James's hand pressing 
against her bottom.  She could press hard against him and 
his hand would keep him from plunging too quickly inside 
her unused ass.
      "Keep doing that and enjoy the feeling."  Susan closed 
her eyes.  She had a hand on Charles's hip urging him 
against her.
      "Now, I can feel myself opening up to him, but that's 
because I'm used to this.  You need to try and relax as 
much as possible.  When it slips in, you'll be surprised at 
how easy he'll slide in."
      Lisa pressed harder against James.  She could feel her 
asshole give just a little against the spongy tip of him.  
It didn't really hurt.  There was a pressure, but it was an 
erotic feeling, a feeling enhanced by the very forbidden 
nature of what they were about to do.
      "Can you feel him trying to get inside?" Susan asked.
      "Yes."
      "James, don't thrust, but slide your hand back to give 
her room.  Let her control the penetration"  
      Although it wasn't necessary, because of their 
experience, Charles did the same thing.  He stopped his 
movement and let Susan control.  Susan pressed her back 
against him.
      "It might help if you hold him," she told Lisa.
      Lisa reached back.  Her hand grasped his cock and he 
moved his hand further away to give her room.  She extended 
a finger and felt her asshole.  She rubbed the finger 
around to gather lube and press it against her hole.  Using 
the finger as a guide she pressed the tip of his cock right 
against her opening.
      Lisa held him and moved her hips back, pressing with a 
steady pressure.  She watched Susan doing the same thing.  
She reached a new plateau of excitement.
      James felt her start to give beneath his cock.  It was 
as if an indention had formed in which he was centered.  
The tight ring of her ass started to spread, giving way to 
the pressure.
      Lisa felt the tip of his cock slide into her ass.  It 
surprised her that it did not hurt at all, it felt as good 
as when she had occasionally fingered her ass while 
masturbating.
      It was all James could do to keep from plunging into 
her.  He wanted to bury his cock into her ass.
      Charles's cock was slowly sliding into the more 
experienced Susan.
      "That's right," Susan said when she noticed Lisa's 
eyes widen a bit at the sensation and a small smile of 
triumph appeared on Lisa's face.  "Push on back."
      Lisa pressed harder.  Her ass slowly opened, slick 
with lube and hot with her inner heat.  Her hand controlled 
him as he slowly slid in.
      It hurt a bit, being stretched like that for the first 
time.  The sensations could not be separated.  There was a 
bit of pain, but it was almost, or maybe completely, 
pleasurable.  There was a new feeling of fullness, of 
having a cock up her ass for the first time ever.  There 
was Susan in front of her fucking Charles with her ass.  
There was the smell of sex.   There was sweat.  There was 
the feeling of James behind her.  It was hot.  It was 
nasty.  It was sex.  It was good.
      James was maybe an inch and a half inside her, the 
rigid shaft just grasped by the tight ring at the opening 
of her.  She moved her hand away from his cock and rested 
it on his hip.
      He started to press forward, but Lisa said, "No, wait, 
let me get used to you.  I've never done this."
      He stopped.  She breathed deep, enjoying all the 
sensations of what she was doing.
      It felt like he might slip out.  She put a little 
pressure on his hip with her hand and said, "Okay, just a 
little more.  Slowly."
      He pushed forward.  Slowly.  His cock spread her and 
moved slowly into her lubed passageway.  He pushed in about 
three inches and paused.  James and Lisa could see that 
Charles was moving back and forth, fucking Susan's ass.  
Susan's back arched and she smiled at the sensations of 
Charles's cock inside her.
      James withdrew a little and pressed in.  He took the 
lube and added more to his cock right where it pressed into 
Lisa's body.
      "Yes," Lisa said, "go ahead, fuck me."
      James pushed a little deeper and pulled back.  He 
pushed deeper and pulled back.  He was fucking her ass now, 
trying not to go too fast or too hard.
      Lisa was enjoying the sensation of his cock in her 
ass.  She moved a hand to her clit.  Susan noticed the 
move, and with a smile, Susan took Lisa's hand and moved it 
and pressed it against herself.  She put her hand on Lisa 
and stretched two fingers, one on each side of Lisa's clit 
and began stroking her in time with the slow movement of 
James's cock in Lisa's ass.
      Charles was starting to move faster.  He knew that 
Susan would let him know if he got to forceful, and he 
wanted to fuck harder.  He wanted to come.
      Susan had no desire to stop him.  An orgasm was 
building in her beneath Lisa's fingers and the surge of 
Charles's cock inside her backside.
      Lisa realized with a start that she was flowing toward 
an orgasm.  It did not feel like the orgasm was building 
because Susan was stimulating her clit.  As nice as that 
was, this orgasm was being stimulated by the cock in her 
ass.  It seemed to be stroking her clit on the inside.
      Soon, Lisa felt James's pubic hair brush against her 
ass and she took a deep breath.  His cock was deep in her 
ass and she was definitely enjoying the sensation.  
      Next to Lisa and James, Charles was passing the point 
that made an orgasm inevitable.  He was fucking faster, 
taking himself to the edge.  Susan's hand on his hip urged 
him on, pulling him into her ass, moving with the power of 
him.
      James started to orgasm.  He resisted the urge to slam 
into Lisa's tender ass.  To let her know, he said, "I'm 
coming."
      "Go ahead," Lisa said, "Push deep, come deep in my 
ass."
      Hearing her was all it took.  He pushed harder.  The 
orgasm took control, blanking his mind and his thought and 
his motion with the avalanche of pleasure that seized his 
entire body.  He could feel the sperm surge through his 
body and squirt into Lisa's ass.  His orgasm was more 
intense than he could ever remember before.
      Charles came in Susan's ass just as Susan's orgasm 
wracked her body.  His hands were on her breasts pulling 
her back to him as his cock emptied inside of her.
      There were gentle moans and small laughter as the four 
of them basked in the heated moments after their 
lovemaking.
      James smiled as Susan bent over and gave him and then 
Lisa a kiss.  
      Lisa felt Susan's tongue against hers and opened her 
mouth willingly to the warmth of Susan's kiss.
      Later, at Lisa's apartment, warm from a shower, Lisa 
and James fell asleep, his arms around her, her bottom 
pressed against the soft weight of his cock.

