Me and my Father In law-15
By Jeevan << jeevan80@yahoo.com>>

	As promised, FIL really invited his two friends, Bhidekaka with his Bahu Neelam and Karnik kaka, on Friday afternoon. Before inviting them he had ensured that we all would have privacy to play the games as we wish. Sujata was eager to play with us. Both of us were really excited and  we waited impatiently rubbing our choots, for them to arrive. During that time Sujata was telling us how she was fucked by her distant uncle when she was just 13 years old. Ohhhhhhh! That was fantastic. The way she narrated it made me hot and I lifted her sari and sucked her choot. FIL had taken out his lund and was rubbing it slowly and Sujata had her choot exposed and was openly fingering it. Ohhhh readers we were too dirty in our shameless behaviour. We did not want FIL to discharge as we needed him to participate in the sex orgy that was due. So I had brought two big cucumbers for the two of us. One was big and another was long but slender. I had thought of putting them in choot and asshole.
	Sujata told us, "Ohhh Seema I was so small that I did not know what sex was but my uncle taught me everything.  At that time my breasts were just like lemon and there were no hair on my choot. Uncle was watching some bad movie and I walked in his room. That was xxx movie I know now. While watching that he was holding his lund in his hand and rubbing it. I was curious and went to him. I asked him what he was doing and he jumped up. He was shocked and looked at me with strange eyes. He told me that there was some pain in his lund and he was massaging it. I looked at the screen and saw one girl sucking on the lund of a man. I asked him what that was."
	We listened to Suju and I inserted one big cucumber in my choot. I pushed it all the way in. Suju looked at me and smiled. FIL watched me fucking with the cucumber and he got up and came near me. He caught my breasts in his hands and massaged them heavily. This showed his excitement! I passed the slender cucumber to Sujata and asked her to insert it in her choot while she narrated her experience. Sujata spread her legs and pushed the slender cucumber in her choot. Ohhh god! What a nice thing to do while listening!
Sujata continued, "Uncle told me that the girl was soothing the pain in the man's lund and asked me if I could do it for him. The dirty bastard! I was ignorant of this and thought that what he was telling me was right. I wanted to help him so I said yes. He asked me to take his lund in my mouth and suck on it. I knelt in front of him and innocently took his lund in my mouth. Ohhhhhhh Seema! It was a big one and I could not put my mouth around it. He urged me to open my mouth more and I did. 3 inches of his lund was in my mouth and it felt nice and hot. His cock head was smooth and I liked to move my tongue over it. He loved it and said that the pain was diminishing and that I should continue to rub my tongue all over it. I did!"
Listening to this I was fucking faster and faster with the cucumber. Suju had all the 8 inches of the cucumber in her choot and was slowly moving it in and out. FIL was now sucking my nipples and chewing on them. Suju watched us and continued with her experience.
" I don't know why I liked it but this did some changes in me. I felt my choot getting wet and there was some unknown sensation there. It was like some itch and I wanted to rub my choot and breasts too. This made me breath faster and my whole body was shivering. My Uncle watched this and smiled. Mini was my pet name and uncle called my name 'Mini what's happening to you?' 'Uncle there is itch in my private part. And my chest has different feeling.' I said. Uncle looked at me asked me to sit on his lap so that he can comfort me. I took my mouth off his lund and sat on his lap. I could feel his lund poking my nether lips and ass. Uncle held me tightly and put his hands on my budding breasts. He cupped them and caressed them. Ohhhh Seema! It felt so nice. I was not wearing any chaddi at that time and I felt some liquid come out of my pisshole and tickle onto my ass. Uncle then lifted my frock and caressed my buttocks and thighs. Ohhhh ssoooo niceee Seema'
While narrating this suju pushed the cucumber deep inside her choot and stiffened. She was cumming! Suju moaned Ahhhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhh! Aaiiiiiiiii gaaaaa! And her body fell limp. This triggered my orgasm too and I went to Suju and feell over her body. FIL too lay near us and caressed us lovingly. This was so nice!
Then we heard the doorbell ring and FIL got up and adjusted himself in presentable manner and went to open the door. He told us to lie as we were, in each others arms. So we lay on my bed fondling and kissing in the beautiful aftermath of our orgasm. We heard Bhidekaka talking to my FIL and my body had goose pimples all over, thinking about the ORGY we were to participate. We both put on shorts and T-shirts and went out to greet our guests. When we entered the drawing room Bhidekaka was introducing his Bahu to my Father in law.
"Sudhir! This is my soonbai (bahu), Neelam. And Neelam, this is my friend Sudhir I told you about. We are all broadminded and love to enjoy life as you know."
FIL shook hands with Neelam and pulled her to him, placing soft kiss on her lips. They saw us as we entered and FIL welcomed us and introduced us to Bhidekaka and Karnik Kaka. They both kissed us lovingly. We all settled down on the sofa and chatted. I looked at Neelam critically.
Neelam was tall, say 5'6" and had nice buxom body. Her eyes were of light colour, making her look sexier. She had nice figure, towards plumpish side. 38-32-36. her breasts were high on her chest which was not common. Her ass was plump and jiggled as she walked. She had nice style of walking. As she walked her boobs bounced and made our eyes go up and down with this. Karnik kaka was alone but had brought rare toy with him, a vibrator with lund shape. When he showed it to us our eyes bulged out! It was big, almost 12 inches long and 7 inches in circumference. It was like a wrist and I wondered if I could take it all. Neelam was sitting between Karnik and FIL and Bhidekaka sat between me and Suju. ]
Bhidekaka opened the topic, "Here is a toy Karnik brought today. He desires that any of you should take all the 12 inches in your choot. the prize for this is  the toy itself plus Rs 5000/ in cash. SO any of you wish to try?"
I raised a doubt; Suppose each of us take it all the way in then how can you give one toy for three of us?"
 Karnik said, "Don't worry ladies I have 6 toys of the same type and one is more than 18 inches, and can be used for two. I will give it to any of you who win. Ok?"
FiL challenged us and we were determined to give it a try. Since I was the eldest, I was to try it first. I stood up and removed my t -shirt. My big 36 inch breasts popped out and danced with every movement of mine. I then pulled down my shorts, shaking my ass from side to side as I removed it. This was making the audience squirm in their seats, including the ladies Suju and Neelam.
Karnik walked to me and handed the toy. Ohhh god! It was really big and thick too. I knew what I had to do! I took the fake lund in my hand and moved my wrist around it. It was thick all right! I then took the tip of the vibrator in my mouth and sucked on it. It would not go in my mouth so I took out my tongue and moved it over the tip. It was smooth and nicely shaped. I felt as if I was sucking a real lund!
I spat on the tip and let my saliva dribble down. I knew it was useless making the lund wet what I had to do was to make my choot wet and flowing! I put my hand on my choot and started to massage it as I hungrily sucked on the fake lund. Mt hand felt nice on my choot and I inserted a finger in my choot hole and rubbed it all around. I asked Karnik kaka if I could take the help of anybody in arousing me and he said NO! no help and one must do efforts of his own. OK I shall try I said.
I knew that unless I put the actual thing in my choot ay efforts are useless. So I took the fake lund in my hand and rested one end of it on the floor. My GOD! It was really a challenge! I held the lund in one hand and with the other I spread my choot and lowered my body right on it. My choot hole touched the massive vibrator and I felt it enter. It was as if something was cutting into my choot! Ohh god! But I did not stop and continued to lower my choot on the dildo. It entered inch by inch into my choot and I felt very full. I felt aas if something BIG is being stuffed inside and feared that it may tear my womb. But I had to try. It was question of my FIL's prestige and a slut has to keep it. My legs trembled and I had to lie on the floor with my legs up.
Everybody watched me take this toy in and all were in different degrees of undressing. Sujata had fished out Bhidekaka's big lund and was massaging it. Bhidekaka had removed Suju's top and were massaging her tough breasts. FIL had Neelam naked and she was sitting on his lap with his mouth glued to one of her big melon. Neelam's hand was in his lap, massaging his hard Lund. Karnik kaka was massaging his own dick, being left out and I felt bad for him. So I asked Suju to accommodate him,
"Suju! Help Karnik kaka. Ohhhhh Kaka sit near Suju and rub her breasts along with Bhidekaka. Suju you take his lund in your other hand and rub it. WOW its getting ho and I am getting wet watching this action."
And really this helped me as my choot secreted love juice steadily. I caught the massive dildo in both of my hands and pushed it inside. Ohhh god! It was really great! I looked down and saw that just 7 inches of the fake lund had entered my choot and still I had to take 5 inches! I moved my hips and relaxed my choot muscles. As my hips moved from side to side and then up and down, I felt the vibrator dig into my choot, deeper and deeper. Ohhhhhhhhh! What a filling! I felt my choot fully filled with solid lund like never before. I must have taken about 9 inches of it in my choot and had to take 3 more inches, critical ones!  All were watching me and now FIL had Neelam near Suju, kneeling down with her mouth on Neelam's breast. Suju was sucking Bhidekaka' lund and Karnik kaka was licking Suju's ass cheeks. My FIL had his lund on Neelam's asshole and was slowly massaging it with his cock head. He was to take the virginity of Neelam's asshole!
Neelam was moving her ass cheeks seductively and I was tempted to go to her and lick her choot. But I had a lund to take, the fake lund! I pushed the lund with some force with my hand and felt it touch my cervix. Ohhh god! I had taken 10 inches and just 2 inches were left. Itook a pause and adjusted my buttocks. I moved my buttocks vigorously and then let my choot loose. I did all this while pushing on the big dildo. Ohhh god! With one jerk all that lund went into my pussy and just the lower portion peeked out. I placed the flat oh my hand on it and bottled it up! Ohhh god! I had taken all the 12 inches in my choot! I shouted!
" Look! I did it! That big ram rod is inside my choot. all the bloody 12 inches of it!"
End of part 15

