Lawn mowing
by Georgebass

Introduction:
I’m 16 years old and home alone during the summer holidays for three weeks. I was supposed to take care of the house, water flowers, empty the mailbox and mow the lawn, but now I was sunbathing on the porch in my blue bikini.
I’m 16 years old and home alone during the summer holidays for three weeks. I was supposed to take care of the house, water flowers, empty the mailbox and mow the lawn, but now I was sunbathing on the porch in my blue bikini.

I have trimmed the bikini line, but left it a bit of hair. I have quite light skin, so I have to use factor 20 sunscreen. My tits have finally started to grow and now they have become size C, and I have quite large nipples. I have kept the top on, due to the neighbours who live quite close in the terraced houses on both sides. Sometimes I sneak a finger in and enjoy my sensible nipples.

Part 01

As I lie there, I suddenly hear, "Hello" behind me.

It is the neighbour Maryann, who is married to Herman, both are in their mid-30s. She is also obviously sunbathing, because I can see she is wearing a red bikini. She is a nice lady, well trained, with small tits and big ass.

"Hi," I replied.

"It looks lovely," said Maryann, and I was a little embarrassed because I didn’t know if she was referring to the sunbathing or the nipple cuddling.

"Mm," I said.

“You’ve got a beautiful body, almost a grown woman".

"Thank you," I replied, blushing lightly.

“I Hope Herman doesn’t see you, I will be jealous,” she smiled.

"Enjoy yourself".

I didn’t know what to say.

"See you soon", she finished and laid down again on her side.

I laid there for a while listening to music on my phone, before I needed more sun lotion. As I sat up and reached for the tube, I saw some movement inside the neighbours house on the other side. There lived a handsome boy, a year older than me, named Sven, but it wasn’t him I saw, it was his parents who lay on the couch and enjoyed themselves. I could see through a small window and into their living room. They had taken off their tops, but Helen was still wearing a purple bra. Her husband Karl kneaded her big tits while she struggled to open the belt in his pants. I was completely paralyzed, but could not take my eyes off them. I wore my big dark sunglasses and pretended not to see them. I lotion myself slowly all over my body, with my eyes fixed on what was happening next. Helen took off Karls pants and I saw that he had an erect penis which she stroked on the outside of her panties. I hadn’t had sex yet, just jerked off some classmates at parties, but this was something completely different.

I continued to lubricate my shoulders as her tits rolled out of her bra. She held them in her hands so Karl could lick her nipples, they were big and looked very soft. I dared not look more out of fear of being discovered and lay back on the sun chair, with a pounding heart and dripping wet pussy.

I wanted to see more so badly ... Now she's probably got his cock out and maybe she's jerking it off? I wonder if she has hair on her pussy, or if she might be completely shaved? It was completely unbearable to lie there so I sat up and pretended to be looking for something. The only thing I found was the cell phone, and I opened it while my eyes looked at something completely different, Helen had Karl's dick in her mouth, while she held his huge balls in one hand. They were both completely naked now. She had a lot of hair on the pussy and she spread her legs a bit so I could see the the pussy lips. She was clearly horny, just like me. I wanted to run a finger into my pussy hole and fuck myself right now. Karl laid Helen down on the couch and directed his cock towards her open pussy. Her hair around her hole was wet with pussy juice. Maybe I hadn’t seen him licking her there? His stiff cock slid into her and I even heard her moan loudly as he began to fuck her slowly. His balls slapped against her ass and her tits floated across her chest and down the sides. I put down my cell phone and found more sunscreen. Now I glistened in the sun, and even put a little lotion inside the bikini. It was easy to see me for both neighbours, but I couldn’t help it.

He fucked her faster now and the balls slapped against her asshole. They switched and now she sat on top of Karl and started riding. Her tits hung down on his face and he stretched out his tongue to lick them. I licked my own lips and imagined how her nipples tasted. She rode faster and faster and soon she leaned forward and a lot of semen came out of the tip that and landed on her ass, mostly around her asshole.

They lay still for a few seconds, then she stretched a few fingers behind and rubbed the semen into her ass. Now it became too much for me and I snuck into our living room. inside the door I pulled the bikini aside and massaged my clit, it was as if I could feel Karl's sperm on my pussy and I quickly came in a rumbling orgasm. I stood shivering for a few minutes before going to the bathroom and washing myself. After five minutes I ventured out on the porch again and then Helen and Karl sat in their respective chairs on their porch, he in shorts and she in a skirt and a light top, with nothing underneath. I had switched to a red bikini with a g-string.

"Hi," they both said

"Now you must remember to sunblock yourself so you don’t get burned".

Their eyes looked at me from head to toe.

"Shall I put sunscreen on your back?" Helen asked.

"Yes .... thank you,” I stuttered and went over to the low fence that separated our porches. She smeared me on my back with soft fingers, she loosened the bra a little, and i trembled a little.

“You can do our delicious ass yourself, or maybe you want to try, Karl?" she laughed. Karl smiled.

The next day it was time to mow the lawn. It was even warmer than the day before, and I put on a pair of denim shorts and a white sports bra. It was not a large lawn, but I had promised to mow the the neighbours grass’ as well, and I did not have a mower with a motor. When I got to the lawn outside Maryann and Herman, I saw them waving at me from the porch. I also noticed that they wore minimal clothing. Herman wore fairly tight shorts, and Maryann was topless. I could see that her nipples were long and stretched out. It made me even hotter. I waved back. Then I came to Karl and Helen's garden. They also sat outside, and Helen was topless too! The long tits hung over her belly with two dark areolas pointing at me. When I got back to my garden I was so hot, I took off my sports bra. The tits swung out and I felt free and a little horny. I moved on and eventually came past Maryann and Herman again and they looked at me with interest as I passed. I could feel their eyes on me. I felt delicious. I wanted to undress more ... When I came to Helen and Karl they were still sitting there, it looked like there was a bulge on Karl's shorts. Suddenly the porch door opened and their son Sven came out in his blue shorts. He has a nice thin body, and I was wondering where to hide, but it was impossible. I just had to continue my round with the tits out. On top of that, I felt my nipples stiffen and I was sure everyone could see it. I was horny and ashamed.

That night I stayed inside, I was still horny, and I thought of finding something sexy to read on the internet on my mom and dad's Mac. I started up safari and surfed a bit. Then I thought I should check the log ... I noticed that someone had been careless with their incognito online history. Dad or Mom had seen a movie called "Mag`s Choice 188". It was over two hours of fucking from the 1970s, with both young and old people. Lots of different people with hairy pussies and dicks. There were two girls rubbing their pussies against each other and a group of people watching and applauding. The semen was squirting on tits, asses, buttocks and mouths. Just as a black man with a long dick was sucked by a lady with red hair, the doorbell rang. I shut down the computer, and walked to the door, opening it gently. It was Sven who had brought four beers with him, and wondered if I wanted one. I showed him in. I was wearing a green dress and nothing more. I hoped he would not mention the lawn mowing earlier and I asked where he had gotten the drinks from and he replied that he had gotten them from his father. He had told him to thank her. I did not dare ask what he thanked for.

We sat on the couch and sipped our beers and talked about this and that. I knew him a little from before since we had been neighbours for a few years. After a while he sat a little closer to me and put an arm around my shoulders. It was nice. He stroked me and soon he held a tit in his hand, and squeezed gently. Delicious… We kissed and soon we cuddled on the couch.

"You looked so lovely outside today," he said.

"I so wanted to touch your tits."

"Mm," I mumbled.

"Do you want to see what I found on the Mac?" I asked, and showed him the movie I had found.

I opened the machine and it started just as a lady in a bridal veil and white stockings tried to get the cock of a bald man into her hairy pussy. She sat over him and rubbed it against her pussy lips before it went inside.

"Wow" said Sven.

The next scene was a couple lying in 69 position and licking each other. A lady with long wavy hair got one man in her ass and one in her pussy, both squirted in her and it dripped out of both her holes. Sven was hard, and I touched it outside his trousers.

"Have you tried anything like that?" He asked.

I did not answer, but opened the buttons in his pants and took his cock out. He groaned. I think it was quite big, bigger and straighter than his father, who was a little more curved. I pulled a little in it, it was nice to touch. On the screen there was a blonde girl jerking a man while he stuck a thumb into her pussy. I bent down and stuck my tongue against the tip of his cock.

"Mmmm", I groaned and put my lips around the cock head. Sven pulled the dress over my head, so I was completely naked and lightly massaged my breasts. I stuck his dick far into my mouth.

"Shall we try?" he said and lay down on the floor and steered me into a 69. For the first time I had a mouth on my pussy. I continued to suck him while his tongue rotated around my hole. I licked his scrotum and suddenly he started shaking and squirting all over my stomach and tits. I tasted the semen. I lay for a while with my pussy over his face, wondering what was going to happen now. He lifted me off and said he needed a little break, while he stroked my body. I wiped his semen with a napkin I found on the table. He held my ass in his hands and licked my tits. Guess he tasted some of his own sperm.

Soon his cock stood again and I sat over him with my face towards him. I slid slowly down his cock. I was very wet and I sat there for a while with the whole cock inside me. It was so delicious. I closed my eyes and enjoyed it to the fullest. From the computer I heard wild moans from two ladies and two men. I kept riding him faster and faster. He pulled at my nipples and I opened my eyes a little.

I suddenly saw two faces peeking in from the porch next door. It was Helen and Karl who stood there, without hiding. It looked like they were both naked and Karl was standing behind Helen holding her tits. I did not know what to do, here I was lying and fucking their son while they watched. I had seen them fuck the day before and maybe they had discovered me and wanted to catch me redhanded with Sven as bait? I didn’t know where to look and became quite desperate, but could not stop moving on the dick. The computer screen showed two ladies who had a double dildo in their pussies. Helen made signs with her fingers communicating that I should not reveal that they were looking. They were cheerful and it seemed like they were having a great time. Maybe Karl had his dick in Helen from behind. I didn’t know.

Now I felt like I was cumming. All this became too much for me. It built up and I came in a huge orgasm on Sven’s cock. Then he also came and squirted into my pussy, he tried to pull out, but it was too late. I felt it run down my thighs. I glared at the spectators and saw two happy faces giving thumbs up and disappearing behind the curtains. I barely managed to notice that Helen's ass had some wet spots when they disappeared.

I did not tell Sven that we had been watched. We sat naked and drank the last beer. Sven said that he had seen our other neighbours having sex. He said that Herman and Maryann sometimes fucked on the porch at night, when no one was awake.

He went home at twelve o'clock and I sat up for a long time thinking and hoping that our other neighbours would do it tonight. I would like to see that. Wondering what Herman's dick look and tastes like? Does Maryann shave her pussy?

Three days later I was going to mow the lawn again and then I put on the blue bikini. Unfortunately there was no one on their porches, so I thought I could sunbathe my tits a bit and took off my bra. It was lovely to walk around almost naked and work. Then suddenly Herman came out with a coca cola, he put it down and clapped his hands for me, while I walked proudly past.

Late one evening a few days later, Sven suddenly came to visit. He whispered that they are fucking right now. Our other neighbours Herman and Maryann had sex on the porch.

"Hush," he said, pulling me to the small window. We looked out and Maryann rode on Herman’s cock in a chair. They were completely naked, but they had turned off the outdoor light, so it was difficult to see clearly. Herman seemed to enjoy the clit with one hand and her ass with the other. It was tantalizing to see Maryann's dark nipples bouncing up and down in front of his face. Sven took my hand on his cock. It was stiff.

"Can you suck it for me?"

I answered by bending down and taking out the cock and licking the head with my tongue.

"Tell me what they do," I said.

"Now he has one nipple in his mouth and suck it".

The cock tasted a little salty.

"Now they fuck faster".

I took as much of Sven's cock in my mouth as I could. He moaned loudly.

"I think they are cumming .... oh".

While Herman squirted into Maryann's pussy, Sven came into my mouth. I was a little surprised by the amount, and tried to swallow, but something ran down on my sweater.

That summer the heat held up, and soon the lawn had to be mowed again.

I put on my red bikini and went to work. I was a little disappointed that no one was sitting outside looking at me. Suddenly Herman was sitting there in a garden chair. He had sneaked out.

"Shall I help you?" he shouted.

I said yes thank you. He came over to me and said that I could sit and rest and sunbathe a little. "The sunscreen is on the table."

I smeared myself in while looking at Herman, quite tall, about 35 years old, tanned and a tattoo of a seahorse on one leg. He was wearing blue football shorts. He was nice to look at.

When he was in the other gardens, I took off my bra and put sun lotion on my tits, but I did not manage to put it back on again until he was back. He looked interested. I left the bra on the table and continued to sunbathe topless. I had gotten a nice tanline on the tits this summer.

"Do you want something to drink?" he asked when he was done mowing.

"Yes, thank you," I replied.

We sat outside again with each soda. "Nice summer," he said.

"Has anything exciting happened?"

I thought about it and said, “I have really only been around the house here and a little swim in the sea from time to time. Yes, I have also become better acquainted with Sven ”.

"Yes, I have noticed," he said.

Had they seen us? It was quiet for thirty seconds before my suspicions were confirmed when he said, "Did you like watching us?"

My face turned red.

"Ye-yes," I stammered.

"It's okay," he reassured.

"Do you want to see?"

"Who-what then?"

"You know what," he said.

“Come inside".

We got up and went in, I was still topless and my nipples stiffened and my body was shaking. We ended up in their bedroom.

"Sit there," he said, pointing at the bed. I sat down, and he slowly took off his shorts. His cock was half erect and pointed straight out. It was really long and grew every second. Was he horny at me?

"What do you think?" he asked.

"It's nice", I just wanted to touch it. It grew big and stiff, bigger than Sven's.

“Wow".

Suddenly we heard someone at the door. I had completely forgotten Maryann and she was coming home right now.

"Hello, anybody home."

We said nothing, but she saw us as she walked past the bedroom.

"Hello," she said.

"What are you going to do with it?" she smiled and continued into the kitchen. Herman took a step closer to me. I hesitated a little, but reached out a hand and gently touched the shaft. It was lovely to touch. I touched on his balls and he moaned lightly. He was shaved on the scrotum and above the dick. I jerked a little and wondered if I should use my tongue. I kissed on the cock head, and tried to get my lips around the cock, but he was very big. I just got the head in, while I heard Maryann standing in the doorway saying "m-m, it looks lovely." She sat down on the other side of the bed, and I did not know what to do having her husband's cock in my mouth. I saw in the corner of my eye that she pulled up the top and began to cuddle with her tits, and I felt safe to lick the dick.

"Take off your bikini bottoms," she said.

I did as she said. It was a little strange to sit there with hair on the pussy when his cock was completely smooth, but I spread my legs a little, so they could see.

"Do you want to feel him inside you?" Maryann asked.

I just nodded in response. Maryann had pulled up her skirt and taken her panties aside and touched her clit. I lay back on the bed and spread my legs. Herman lay over me and stuck his cock against my pussy. I was wondering if I could take it, since he was so big, but I was very wet and horny. He pushed a little harder and soon it slid a little further in. He spent several minutes getting it all the way to the bottom. It was the best thing I’ve felt my entire life. I lay with my eyes closed and enjoyed, but I heard Maryann rubbing her pussy right next to me. Herman started fucking me. He started slowly, but gradually increased his pace. I took my tits in my hands and tickled my nipples with my thumbs. Now he fucked me hard and I bounced in the bed.

Suddenly I noticed that someone sat over my face and I got Maryann's pussy and ass over me. It was so unexpected and distracted me from the big dick in my pussy. I had to stick my tongue into Maryann's hairless pussy and she curled up, so I got the tip of my tongue in her asshole as well. I felt myself approaching orgasm. She tasted delicious. I began to shake in a powerful orgasm and felt Herman increase the speed. I exploded and stuck my tongue deep into the pussy over my face.

Herman pulled his cock out of my pussy and Maryann bent down and took it in her mouth. She probably tasted my pussy juice. Not long after, I saw him squirt sperm all over Maryann's tits and clothes and she massaged her nipples in the semen. It was a great sight.

All three of us lay on the bed and relaxed. I did not know what to do, but snuck out after a while. Maryann had not cum yet and wanted Herman to fuck her. I found my bikini bottoms on the floor and the bra on the porch and put them on and went home to myself, still airy of the wonderful experience.

In the evening I got horny again thinking about the big dick I had had in my pussy and my tongue in the holes of an adult woman.

I put on some porn on my parents computer and massaged my clit calmly. I first saw a movie with a lady with big tits who rode with a dildo in her pussy, and then two men who lay on their beds and were ridden by all the girls and ladies in the village.

I was looking forward to more lawn mowing…

The next day I went to see Sven. I rang the bell, it took a while before someone answered. It was Karl who opened and said "come on in" before I had time to ask if Sven was home. Karl was only wearing a bathrobe. Just sit in the kitchen, and we'll be there soon, he disappeared into the bathroom. Sven was obviously not home. I was a little worried, after all that had happened, but it went well because they were so friendly and natural. I sat down and flipped through a photo book I found under the table. It was the photographer Man Ray, he had taken pictures of people and shadows. It was mostly naked ladies. Then Helene came into the living room wearing a bathrobe too.

"Hey," she said.

"A lot of hair in that book there," she chuckled.

"Hi," I said, not understanding what she meant.

"We have taken care of that now," she continued.

“What about you, do you shave downstairs?" I did not know what to say.

"Just the bikini line," I mumbled. I remembered her hairy pussy I had seen a week ago and wondered if she had taken it all away now.

"I have not taken everything," she said, as if reading my mind.

"Sven is not home, he is on an evening job on 7/11, but you are welcome to stay, we thought we could watch some TV."

Karl came in and sat down between Helene and me and put an arm over her shoulders. He was wearing sweatpants and a shirt. We watched an episode of Game of Thrones.

"Oh" Karl said when some tits appeared on the screen. Then he kissed Helen on the mouth. I peeked down at Karl's trousers and thought I saw a slight movement. Helen bent over and kissed him on the mouth, they began to tongue kiss each other. I continued to watch tv, but the tension rose in the room. I noticed that Helen's bathrobe had slipped a little to the side so I could see the tits. They were large and looked very soft. Karl slipped a hand inside and lightly squeezed the left breast. I felt horny and did not quite know what to do. Maybe I should sneak out?

Helen spread her legs so I could see her freshly shaved pussy.

"Does it look good?" she asked.

"Mm," I replied,

"Good," said Helen, letting her dressing gown fall to the floor and lay back on the sofa. The tits flooded out.

"Undress," she told me. I got a little nervous, but started unbuttoning my jeans. Karl asked if he should help me. I nodded and he pulled my sweater over my head. I was wearing a black bra.

"Take it off," Helen commanded with a smile and I did as she said. Helen had taken Karl's cock out and sat and jerked it lightly, while they watched me fiddle with the bra. She bent down and took the dick in her mouth and licked around the head. I just watched and felt my nipples stiffen.

Helene sat down on Karl's lap and slid down on his cock. She started riding him up and down while her big tits dangled in front of his face. He stretched out his tongue and licked her nipples a little. I started to cuddle a little with my tits while they were busy with the fucking. I was super horny and wet in the pussy, I eventually dared to stick my hand into my panties. I massaged my clit as they fucked faster and faster right next to me. Helene began to tremble and came in a big orgasm and lay forward on her husband and lay for a few minutes, I pretended to watch TV, even though I had my tits out and I was breathing heavily.

When Helen had gone to the bathroom and closed the door, Karl was still sitting there with a stiff cock and said "Hurry up, take off the rest of the clothes."

I took off my pants and he led me up on his lap. The cock was wet from Helen's juices so I slid down easily. It was lovely when Karl kneaded my tits with his big hands. I started riding the way I had seen Helen do before. He pulled me closer so he could lick her tits. He grabbed my ass and helped me up and down. He would probably come before his wife was finished in the bathroom. I wondered if he would squirt in me or what he was planning. He fucked harder and harder and I danced around on top of him. Soon he pulled out his cock of pussy and squirted over my ass. I felt the semen run down down towards my pussy.

I could see Helene standing naked in the bathroom door watching us. She smiled slyly and came over and helped me wipe away some sperm.

I borrowed the shower and stood there for a while relaxing.

When I came out, they had gone out on the porch to sunbathe.

"Bye," I said.

"Thank you for now," they replied.

Soon the three weeks I was to be home alone over, and my parents returned from the cabin in two days. Herman and Maryann invited us to a summer party on Friday for the three neighbouring townhouses. I got there by six o’clock and the others were already there, Helen, Karl and Sven. Everybody had a beer and sat out on the porch in an outdoor sofa and some chairs. Maryann barbecued and Herman set the table. It smelled good. I had turned 17 a few days before, so everyone thought it was okay for me to drink some beer. I had celebrated my birthday with some friends and we were in town and dancing.

"Congratulations", everyone toasted.

We ate and had a nice time. The adults drank a little more than me and Sven and the conversation went easy.

They thought it had been a glorious summer so far.

"Especially the lawn mowing," Herman said.

"Thank you for the show," Helen added.

I was a little worried when I thought about everything I had done with the neighbours.

"How about a little competition?" suggested Sven.

"Who is the best lawnmower?"

"Who will participate?" wondered Herman.

“The ladies", Maryann laughed and picked up the mower. She took a few laps and fooled around a bit, before she suddenly took off her top and walked around in her bra to big applause from all the spectators. I realised it was me she was thinking about. The bra was purple with lace so you could see her nipples through the fabric.

Maryann bowed and nodded and then it was Helen's turn. She went a few laps and finished by flashing her huge tits for everyone. Everyone laughed and had a great fun. I realised it was my turn and wondered what to do. Maybe I should do the same as Maryann and Helen. I danced a bit with the lawnmower and finally lifted my skirt Marilyn Monroe-style. They liked it and shouted for more. I was maybe a little breezy so I pulled up the sweater and showed off my bra. It was pink and quite sexy. The applause was loud afterwards. Everyone thought that I was the winner and was allowed to advance in the competition.

"Did you like it?" said Maryann, placing a hand on Herman's dick outside of his trousers.

"Yes!" replied Herman.

"I'll also check," said Helen, doing the same to Karl.

"You must check Sven!" they said to me and I asked if it was okay if I felt his cock and it was actually quite stiff. To my surprise I saw that Maryann had taken Herman's cock all the way out and sat and jerked it a little. Helene unbuttoned the buttons on Karl's trousers and struggled a bit to get his cock out. They were both erect.

"Release Sven", they shouted at me.

I looked at Sven and he nodded, so I pulled down the zipper and suddenly I also sat with a dick in my hand and jerked in rhythm with Maryann and Helen. The gentlemen obviously enjoyed themselves. After a while, Maryann wondered if we should switch. I sat down next to Herman and she moved over to Sven. Herman was so big so I jerked it with both hands. I wanted to taste the dick head and bent down and licked a little.

"It looks lovely," Helen said, wanting to swap with me.

“Have you sucked Karl before? Now you have the chance.”

I sat in front of Karl and got his cock in my mouth, and I sucked and jerked at the same time. I saw that Maryann had Sven deep in her mouth and Helen had taken her tits out and Herman had the dick between them. It was a wonderful sight and I was very horny.

"Shall we move on to the next post?" said Herman.

"What's the next post?" I wondered.

Herman whispered something in Maryann's ear.

"Come with me," she said to me and I followed her inside.

She took me to the bedroom.

"Take off all your clothes," she ordered, and I did as she said. She stood looking at me as I undressed.

"Good," she said when I was finished, she found a handkerchief and tied it in front of my eyes.

"Now the competition is that you have to guess whose cock you get inside you. Do you agree with that? ”

"O-okay," I replied.

She followed me out into the living room and placed me on all fours on the couch. I was obviously going to be fucked from behind. I was so horny and excited that I shivered when I heard Maryann lead the first participant in. I felt two big hands on my ass and a dick trying to get into my pussy. It was so sexy! It felt like it was Karl, but I was not sure, but when he fucked me harder his big balls slapped against my clit.

After a few minutes Maryann said "Do you know who it is?"

"Karl, I think."

The cock pulled out and the next participant stood behind me. The pussy was ready and I felt that it was Sven's dick that slid inside of me. He bent over me and grabbed my tits and fucked me slowly. It was very strange to be fucked first by the father and then the son, it made me very horny. I bumped into Sven to get the dick far into my pussy. He fucked me harder and harder, he tried to be quiet and not make noises. I noticed that he was approaching climax. I pushed hard against him and he could not pull out and squirted into me. He lay on my back for a few seconds before pulling out his cock and I felt it dripping some semen out on the couch.

The last man was ready and I figured it was Herman, and soon I felt his big dick penetrate the pussy. He obviously did not care that it was full of Sven's semen, he just fucked me at a high pace. I was pushed into the couch. His cock went to the bottom of me for every thrust. My hole was slippery with pussy juice, semen and saliva from when I sucked him earlier and it ran down my legs. Just before I came, he pulled out and squirted all over my ass and back.

Then I had had all three dicks in my pussy and wondered what was going to happen now, I wanted an orgasm soon because I was extremely horny and ready for anything.

I took off my blindfold and saw that I was alone in the living room.

I got up from the couch and snuck out on the porch.

Outside Maryann rode on Sven while Helen sucked on a half-erect Karl. Herman, who had just squirted all over me, sat in a chair and relaxed.

"Was it delicious?" he asked, "Do you want more?"

"Yes, of course," I muttered.

Herman lifted his wife off Sven so I could ride him. Sven's cock was pink from all the fucking. I sat down carefully and started riding him. Sven lay with his eyes closed and enjoyed the fucking of two pussies that day. I lay forward so he got my tits in his mouth and he licked my stiff nipples. While I was lying like that, I felt someone approaching my ass and then I suddenly felt a sharp tongue on my asshole. It was surprising and delicious, so I lifted my ass up in the air. I did not quite know who it was, but I think it was Maryann who was licking. To the side in front of me I saw Herman licking Helens pussy and Karl stood next to him jerking off his cock which had become really stiff again. Maryann stuck her tongue into my ass and made it completely wet.

Svein fucked me slowly and I lay completely still. She stuck a finger in my ass and rubbed it a little.

"Mm," I moaned.

Then she pulled out her finger and I suddenly felt something else against my asshole. It had to be Karl's dick that wanted to get in there. I was not sure if I would make it, but he pushed himself slowly and finally he slipped into me. I suddenly had two dicks inside me and on top of that it was father and son who fucked me at the same time. They started to move in rhythm in my pussy and I just had to lie down and relax completely to be able to receive. It was an incredible experience and I felt a huge orgasm slowly approaching. I was glad that Karl did not have as big a dick as Sven. I looked back and saw Maryann playing with Sven and Karls balls. Karls big balls probably hung down on Svens dick, but they did not care, now they both fucked me faster. I had had my own finger in my ass before during masturbation, but never anything big like this.

Suddenly I felt Karl stiffen and squirt into my ass. He pulled out carefully, and Maryann smeared the semen around the opening. Svein continued to fuck me as if nothing had happened even though his father's semen ran down his cock. Helen had also come over and felt up my asshole.

"She is ready for more," I heard her say.

More? What does she mean?

Oh no, Herman of course. Then I felt his huge cock against my asshole. I was soaking wet everywhere and could not resist. He managed after a while to get the tip into my ass. he moved it in and out a bit and eventually the hole gave way and his whole dick head slid in. It sweated a little, but it was also delicious and I was very horny and soon I got more and more of Herman into me. Now I was close to my long-awaited orgasm and felt that I began to tremble, Sven began to fuck me a little faster and harder and I came and came for a long time, the dicks were stuck inside me when the holes contracted. I fell over Sven and both dicks pulled out of me. Helen jerked Herman and Maryann jerked Sven as fast as they could and soon I felt both of them squirting against my pussy and ass. I was sticky with sperm all over my body and I was wet with sweat. I rolled off and lay on my back with my legs spread. I noticed that several people touched my pussy to feel how wet I was. Helen licked some of the semen of the three different men who had squirted on and in me.

Eventually it seemed like everyone was done and we went to take a shower, Herman and Maryann had a pretty big bathroom so we all showered a in turns. Everyone helped to soap each other in. It was a lovely ending.

Soon the summer was over and my parents came home from the cabin and wondered if I had had a good time.

"Did you remember to mow the lawn?" they asked.

"Sure," I replied.


Next Summer (Lawn mowing part 2) 

I used to wear a singlet and my denim shorts. It was hot in the greenhouse.

A few minutes walk from the farm, there was a little undisturbed lake you could swim in. I went out there as often as I could if the weather allowed it.

I was always there alone and sunbathing my tits in the summer sun. I had almost no tanline from the bra anymore.

One afternoon I was lying there topless, Christine came cycling and she was obviously going to swim too.

“Hi", she said a little surprised, but she did not seem angry because she was not going to be alone. I was happy for some company. She changed awkwardly under a slightly too small towel, even though it was just me there. She took off her shorts and t-shirt. She had black lace panties and a white bra probably size E, that came out of the towel. Her white ass showed from the crack in the small towel. She put on a blue bathing suit with a lot of effort and laid down.

We laid there warming ourselves in the afternoon sun and said nothing. After ten minutes she went to bathe in the water. I looked at her as she walked carefully down to the water. She was not very thin and her tits bounced in her swimsuit. She swam calmly back and forth before she came up again. I saw that she had some hair on the pussy and two stiff nipples inside the swimsuit after the cooling swim. I turned over to my stomach, so she wouldn’t notice my own nipples which also stiffened. I was not a lesbian, but I really enjoyed watching porn movies on my iPad. I occasionally looked at young men with large penises, who slept with mature women with large tits. They put their heads in between the tits and licked their hairy pussies.

Christine dried herself. Her long brown hair clung to her shoulders. She first dried herself on the outside of the bathing suit, but soon realized that there were only the two of us there and pulled off the top of the suit to get to the upper body. Her big tits were pretty firm and had a very nice shape. They were a lot bigger than mine and had pink and quite small nipples.

"I'm not that shy," she said shyly.

I also bathed and lay down next to her, both with our tits out.

We lay there until the sun began to set.

One sunny day after, Christine asked if I wanted to go swimming. I said yes, and we went down to the little lake. This time Christine took off all her clothes and laid down, naked. I did not quite know what to do, but decided to drop the bikini myself. It was nice to lie there and feel some wind in the pubic hair. Christine turned over to one side and spread her legs a little, and then I saw some of the labia behind the dark hair on her pussy. I spread my legs a little too and hoped that Christine would take a look.

Suddenly we heard voices down the road. There were three men of probably 25 years of age, who were also going to swim. We just managed to lie down on our stomachs, but not to put on any clothes. They watched us in secret while we laid there wondering what to do. They bathed and sunbathed, joked and showed off for each other and us.

After three quarters of an hour, Christine got bored and suddenly said to me, "Come on!" She got up and took me with her. We walked naked down to the water. I followed her and was very embarrassed that the three men, could see my pussy and my tits. They made big eyes and their games stopped. Christine laid on her back into the water and her tits floated to the surface. I swam breaststroke and was happy to be able to hide underwater. It was nice to feel the water against the bare skin. The three men were lying on the beach staring at us. Finally we had to get up again and go hand in hand to our towels. Christine laid down on her back and I followed her example. I saw that the guys had bulges on their shorts. The darkest of them even squeezed his cock on the outside of his shorts. Christine had noticed it too because she spread a little more on her legs, so they could see.

"Spread your legs a little," she told me. It was lovely to lie there naked.

After a while, Christine called out to them. "Hey, you! Come over here, please."

They got up reluctantly and had some trouble hiding their dicks.

“Can we see the cocks?” Christine asked.

“What", said the tallest.

"Please."

Then they pulled down their shorts one by one.

“Nice", said Christine.

“Let's see how you jerk off.”

They began to gently pull their dicks.

The dark one had a pretty big dick, with lots of fuzzy pubic hair. The tallest had a long and rather thin dick which he pulled the foreskin all the way over for each stroke. The last was red-haired and a rather small curved dick.

“Faster", said Christine.

The three did as she said.

"Look at our tits”, Christine continued.

"Aren't they delicious?"

They answered "Mm".

Christine held one nipple in her hand and caressed it.

“Are you ready soon? I want you to squirt on us. One on the tits, one on the pussies and one on our faces. ”

I just laid there and enjoyed the strange experience. I cuddled with my tits too and I was wet in the pussy.

The tall one came first over our tits. He had lots of sperm that hit everywhere, on our stomachs and tits. We spread the semen all over.

"Oooo," said the darkest, squirting in my face. Everything ran down on me and nothing on Christine. I felt her lean against me and lick my cheek and neck. While I had his cum on my lips, the ginger came over our pussies, he came a long time and controlled his load so it landed in the dark hair of both our pussies. Christine felt my pussy if I there was anything there and rubbed the sperm into my curly hair.

They just stood there, a little bewildered with cocks getting smaller and smaller before they put on their shorts and ran out into the water and cooled down.

We laid on the beach and smeared the semen around before taking another skinny dip and washing ourselves.

They left before us and soon we were on our way home to the farm.

"Did you like it?" she asked me.

"Yes!" I replied contentedly.

When I got back to my little apartment, I was still very horny and took out my iPad to watch porn.

I was watching porn and laid on the couch and watched for over an hour and a half with my finger in my pussy and massaged my clit gently so I would not cum too fast. I wanted to enjoy the memory of the three dicks squirting over us and the sight of the sperm running down Christine's delicious tits. I went in the shower to wash myself and feel the shower on my pussy. I was very ready for an orgasm and turned the shower head to my pussy. The pussy was wet and I stuck two fingers in and fucked myself as hard as I could. I felt the orgasm approaching.

As I dried myself, I heard a small squeak. It sounded like it was coming from the other side of the wall, facing the barn.

The next day, after breakfast, I went for a walk in the barn to examine. There were no animals there, just lots of equipment. I examined the wall towards my small apartment. There I found a small hole. I looked into it and then I looked straight into my shower.

Had anyone been standing there looking at me the night before?

Had anyone seen me finger myself until I came in a trembling orgasm?

I blushed when I thought about it.

Was it Steven who had been standing there jerking off while I showered?

That day it was very hot, so I was going to work in a gray sports bra and shorts. My tits had grown to size D. All four of us worked in the green-house, Christine, Rachel and Steven. I noticed Steven staring at my tits every time he had the opportunity. Christine stroked my ass as she walked by. I liked it and felt my pretty big nipples stiffen.

"Wow, you look nice today!" Rachel said to me.

I blushed a little.

"Today there will be a beer on each other after work," said Steven.

At four o'clock, right after work, we sat sweating and warm on the porch with one beer each. Christine took off her t-shirt and sat there in only her bra. It was white and it barely hid her pink nipples.

“You have to take off some clothes too”, Rachel said to me.

“it is too hot.”

"I only wear this bra”, I replied.

"It doesn’t matter," she said.

"You have such beautiful tits”, she said smiling.

At the same moment, she took off her blouse and bra and shorts as well. She was a slightly large lady and two large tits rolled out of her purple bra. She was now wearing only a black lace panty. I could see that she had some black hair on her pussy that came out a little on the sides of her panties.

“That was delicious”, she exclaimed.

I felt like undressing myself too, but did not dare. Steven followed excitedly. Christine also took off her shorts and showed off a white panty. I got a little braver and took off my own shorts. I was wearing the red panty with a G-string. My nipples protruded straight into my tight bra. Steven lay back without hiding the growing cock he had in his shorts.

"Look at that!" in Rachel.

“Don't notice me," Steven muttered. Rachel took her big tits in her hands and pushed them up to his face while she laughed. Steven quickly kissed one of her long nipples.

“Come on girls. Steven would like to see more tits, but is too shy to ask. ”

Christine unhooked her bra and showed off her perfect tits. Her pink nipples were stiff.

"Your turn," she said to me.

I pulled the sweaty sports bra over my head. My tits fell into the open air.

The sight of three couple of tits was too strong for Steven. He took out his cock and jerked it lightly. He had a pretty long and thick dick.

“This is a nice view for Steven, I think," said Rachel.

“Three generations of delicious big tits”

"Can I feel yours, Christine?" she asked.

Christine nodded and Rachel weighed her tits in her hands. She squeezed them a little and pulled the nipples gently. Christine got up a little and lifted Rachel's big tits. Her ass was right in front of my face. I could see her asshole through her white panties. Christine began to cuddle with Rachel's big nipples. She bent down and took one of them in her mouth. Steven pulled his cock and was clearly horny. I was wet in the pussy and touched my tits and wondered what it would be like to feel Christine's tongue on my nipples. Rachel stretched out her hands and pulled down Christine's panties, right in front of my eyes and I looked straight into her ass and pussy. I saw that she was wet and it smelled delicious. I completely forgot that Steven was there and touched my pussy outside my panties. I dared to feel a little on Christine's ass. I stroked her buttocks.

"Mm," said Christine.

"Feel how wet I am."

I put a finger on her pussy. It was so delicious. I pulled my own panties a little to the side and felt my wet pussy. I had one finger in Christine and one in myself. Rachel got up and took off her panties. She bent down and took Steven's cock in her mouth. She licked around the cock head and took his balls in her hand. They were large and probably full of semen. Her tits hung down on his thighs.

Christine turned around and kissed me lightly on the mouth. I was a little surprised.

"Can I lick your tits?" she said.

"Yes, gladly," I replied softly.

She gently took my nipple in her mouth. I lifted my upper body so my tits stood out. She held both my tits in her hands and alternated between the two nipples with her mouth. Now Steven and Rachel came to us. Steven sat down behind Christine and stuck his face between her buttocks. It looked like he was licking her ass. Rachel came over to me and took one of my tits in her mouth too. Now I had two adult ladies' tongues on both tits. It was so delicious. They pulled off my red thong which was completely wet with pussy juice. They both felt a little on my pussy. Rachel touched my clit while Christine felt my pussy lips. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the treatment. Suddenly I noticed something in front of my face and it was Steven who was standing with his cock right in front of my mouth. I stuck my tongue out carefully and licked a little on the shaft. He pushed his cock closer to me so I could lick the head. He had pulled the foreskin back so I could lick the underside of the penis head. He groaned. Rachel and Christine had moved, Rachel had her mouth in my pussy and had started licking me. Christine had laid down under her so Rachel sat on her face. Steven stuck his cock in my mouth and I gaped as best I could because it was quite big. I heard slapping sounds from tongues in pussies. Steven grasped my tits and kneaded them in his hand. It was still wet after his wife's tongue.

"Delicious tits”, he said.

"Thank you", I replied as best I could with his cock in my mouth.

Steven pulled out his cock and sat down in a porch chair. His cock stood straight up. Rachel found her big bra and put one cup over his face so he didn't see anything.

"Now you have to guess whose pussy it is," said Rachel.

"It is not allowed to look or feel with your hands."

Rachel smiled wisely at us, before she sat down on him, as the first woman.

"If you guess correctly, you can touch our tits while we ride you."

She slid down on Steven's dick.

"Oh, I recognize this one. It's my wife's hairy pussy! ” Steven said, grabbing her tits. Rachel laid back so we could see the cock slide in and out of her pussy.

“Next!” cried Rachel.

Christine and I looked at each other. Christine got up slowly and spread her legs and pussy lips for Steven.

"Mmm," they said in unison.

“This one was delicious and new to me. I have to fell more. Quite tight, but is the 40-year tight, or the 17-year tight pussy? ”

Christine tightened her pussy around his cock to fool him.

"I think it's a 17-year-old!" said Steven.

"Wrong!" said Rachel.

Steven squeezed a little on Christine's big tits.

"Now I am exited the last one!" Steven cried.

It was my turn. I got up and sat on his lap with the tits in front of his face. My pussy was wet and his shaft was moist from the two pussies he already had fucked. I slid all the way down and had the whole dick inside me. It was so delicious.

"Yes, this one was even tighter”, said Steven.

I started moving, up and down. Someone touched my ass. There were several hands touching my abdomen. Both Rachel and Christine touched my asshole and around my pussy. I leaned forward and put my tits in Steven's face. As I moved slowly down, I felt a finger trying to enter my ass. Steven still had the bra on his face and struggled to lick my tits. He freed his face and rubbed my nipples with his tongue. I continued to fuck him slowly and the finger in my ass went in and out. I was so horny and felt like I was coming.

“I’m cumming”, I whined.

Steven started to fuck me even harder. The finger was right inside my ass and I felt the tremors start. My pussy squeezed hard around Steven's cock.

“I’m cumming too!" he shouted.

I could not get off him in time and the semen splashed into my pussy. I felt it running out of my hole.

I laid calmly on Steven while the cock became softer inside me.

I saw that Rachel and Christine laid down in a 69. Christine at the bottom with the huge tits of Rachel hanging down on her stomach. They stuck their tongues in each other's pussies. after a few minutes, I felt Steven's cock grow inside me. He had obviously gotten horny from looking at the two sexy ladies. He began to move slowly. My pussy was very wet and slippery with semen, saliva and pussy juice. His big cock slid easily in and out. Eventually he lifted me off and put me on all fours in the chair. He penetrated me from behind. He fucked me fast and hard. Rachel and Christine occasionally looked up at us.

Now Christine wanted to switch. She stood on all fours in the chair and I laid down on Rachel who had laid down on her back. Her breasts floated outwards. I put my wet pussy, full of her husband's semen, on her face. She licked it. I bent down and sniffed a little at Rachel's pussy. It was wet and hairy. I stuck the tip of my tongue on her clit.

"Delicious!" she said.

"More."

I had my whole mouth around her pussy and licked her crack. Rachel had a big nipple on my clit and rubbed it hard.

Steven slammed Christine hard from behind and it sounded like Christine was cumming.

Steven pulled out. and came over to me and Rachel. He stuck his cock into my mouth and I sucked it a little.

"Stick it in my wife," said Steven.

I pulled it down and placed it in her hole. The cock went into her pussy right in front of my eyes. Rachel moaned and stuck her tongue deep into my pussy. After a while Steven pulled out and Rachel lifted her legs so the dick could get into her ass. While the cock slid gently in there, I managed to lick her clit a little.

"Continue," Rachel ordered both me and Steven. Steven fucked her ass and soon Rachel came in a huge orgasm. Steven pulled out his cock and Christine and I jerked it together for a new orgasm. The squirt hit my cheek and ran down my mouth.

"You are delicious," said Steven.

Everyone went naked into the shower in their house. The girls showered together in the big shower. It was a large glass door that we squeezed our tits against to tease Steven. His limp cock did not move at all.

