The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.
 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 8

New York, New York, Its a Wonderful Town

It took the next six weeks to again read all the texts Uncle Bert had arranged for me to
read. With Andy and Mary around, I did not spend full time reading, of course.  But, I did
spend a great deal of time on them.  I was very pleased Uncle Bert had programmed me
for higher and greater intellectual and memory capacities. From the heavy instruction
Andy and I received from Father O'Brien in Santa Fe, and, from all the books, my view of
humanity from a religious - philosophical - ethical - intellectual perspective had been
greatly changed.  That is what Uncle Bert wanted.  I guess what surprised me most was I
had considered myself a very well educated individual, but I was not well educated.  I
was well trained in the sciences.  There is much to be said for a liberal arts education.

All the arrangements to receive training from America's two sex queens were made
during those six weeks.  

It was on to New York. 

I suspect you readers are not really interested in how I spent two weeks in the hands of
the world's leading domantrix learning, shall we say, to give and to receive, but I will tell
you a little about it anyway. 

Andy and I flew into Newark, now New York City's leading airport, grabbed a limo, and
rode into Manhattan. New York is the world's city.  It is so full of life and energy that
driving into it is exciting.  Andy had never been there, so she was particularly in awe and
energized.  We registered at our hotel and unpacked. 

Andy was glowing, dancing around the room, her eyes bright and shiny. She waltzed to
me, put her arms around my neck and leaned against me to be kissed which I happily
did. I wrapped my arms around, letting my hands drop to caress her ass.  (If I wrote every
time my hands found her ass, this whole thing would be one big ass grab. But, while I did
it a lot, I will only write it occasionally.)

"Davy, this is so wonderful! It feels like... like a honeymoon!" 

She froze and a fearful, questioning expression came over he face.

"Davy, please, I did not mean..."

I had not yet programmed a woman, or a man, for that matter.  I was really flying blind as
to how it was actually done and the impact of it.  And, I was not the one who programmed
Andy or Mary or any of the other 3,000 women Uncle Bert left me. I was unsure of how it
was done in general and how Uncle Bert had done it, specifically.  Was Andy
programmed to reveal her true feelings to me?  By that, I mean those feelings she would
have had if she had not been programmed. Or, were her only feelings those which had
been programmed in her, so they became her true feelings?  Or, was it a combination of
the two set in some way by Uncle Bert to give me the best of both worlds?

I had many questions about the control, the programming.  One thing I had learned was
to control the programming I had received which affected my cock.  Getting hard on
command, staying hard forever, and orgasming without ejaculating were delightful, no
doubt about that.  But, seeing or touching a special woman and having her cause the
special twitch in my pants was even more delightful. I had set myself to respond naturally
which I did in this case, causing my intellectual ruminations about the programming to
take back seat to the woman in my arms.

"Oh, Davy," she whispered as I began to undress her. "I love you so much."  

Sometime later, we ordered room service.  The next morning we started our lessons.

When I used the name of Uncle Bert to register at the domination castle, I got the head
lady herself and not an assistant.  I wondered how much time Uncle Bert had spent there
to receive such first class treatment.  Then, I wondered, since he was really my father, if
the love of B&D was genetic or environmental. 

Mistress Diana, as she called herself, was a British woman with a beautiful accent.  She
was a giant, standing about six three, not including the six inch heels she always wore,
which made her six nine and taller than most NBA players.  She had a body like a Barbie
doll except on a larger scale. My guess she was 46EE - 34 - 47.  She obviously worked
out a lot because it was all muscle except for those watermelons on her chest.   I could
not tell what her face looked like since she wore a mask.  Overall, she was very
impressive.  

She wore what I would call fetish clothing, in this case, PVC.  On her it looked great.   In
fact, I got the name of her clothier and bought Andy a few things. Well, I bought Andy and
me a lot, actually, but, I will cover that later. 

When we first saw her, she was dressed all in black except a red glove on her right hand. 
In that glove she had a whip. A large, black whip with a red tip.  She had on a black PVC
cat suit covering her from neck to ankle except her breasts and pussy, which were bare. I
mean bare.  She had on a mask that covered her face except for her lips and eyes. Her
eyes were a wild emerald green, effectively reinforced by the use of emerald eye
makeup. Her lips were painted bright red, matching the glove and whip tip. She had
painted the lips of her pussy and her nipples the same red.  Very effective use of color.  

It dawned on me she was big enough to do real damage with that whip. For a moment,
fear paralyzed me and I wondered if Uncle Bert had messed this one up.  Probably not. 
Knowing him, Mistress Diana was one of the 3,000 women he had enslaved.  I had to
know.

"Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?" I asked as she towered over me. Her eyes got soft.

"It depends on the chef."  

Oh, yes!  She was programmed. That lowered my anxiety level a lot.  "What does your
pussy prefer?" I asked.  "It prefers following your commands," she replied.  Slowly,
gracefully, she knelt before me.  It was like watching a giant redwood fall to the ground,
except redwoods don't have hourglass figures.  She was the first of the "other" women
Uncle Bert had programmed who I encountered.  I wondered if they all would kneel, or if
Uncle Bert had given her a special instruction because of her height. 

Andy was still and quiet, watching passively. Was this a programmed response in her? 
How did Uncle Bert handle multiple slaves when they were together?  "Andy?" I asked.
She looked at me with that defused, unfocused look she got when she was in a trance.
So, there was some kind of instruction.

"Andy, what have you been programmed to do when I am working with another slave?" 

"Mary and I have been programmed to wait quietly for instructions when you are working
with another woman, except for when you are working with either of us.  You are not to
use the word slave.  Uncle Bert did not like that."

"What word am I to use to collectively describe you ladies?"

"Kittens."

"Kittens?"

"Yes."  Her expression changed from a vacuous stare to a slutty grin. "Meow," she
whispered as her back arched and she thrust her breasts out at me.

Uncle Bert was good! He may have thought of everything.  Now, I knew Andy was
programmed to tell me how the others were programmed.  That made my life (work?
fun?) a lot easier.  I turned my attention back to Diana, who was my "kitten" but would
soon be my mistress.

I was going to command Diana to be real easy with us.  But, I decided to ask a few more
questions first.  "Tell me your philosophy behind the training we are to receive."

"My training in to enhance the sexual desire and responsiveness of my clients.  I
introduce them to new worlds and instruct them in how to use those worlds for their own
pleasure. It is always for pleasure.  I use restraints, submission and pain to enhance
pleasure. It is never pain in place of or to eliminate pleasure, or, pain for its own sake.
There is fear without danger, anxiety but with rewards, submission to receive bliss."

Andy was quiet again but she looked up at me with sheer lust in her eyes. A shy smile
crossed her face as she licked her lips. She was going to enjoy this, as was I.

"Treat us as any other very important client. Do the best job you can."

"I always do, Master David."  I called her name, bringing her back to consciousness, out
of her trance.  Blinking rapidly, she focused on me, realizing what had happened to her. 
Those huge red lips parted in a devilish grin revealing perfect white teeth. 

"Trust me, David.  You will enjoy it... well, some of it.  But, how will you know if you like it
or not unless you try it."

That made me wonder.  Not about what Diana would do to us, but about the
programming. Mary and Andy never knew they had been in a trance. But, Diana knew. 
And, she responded out of the trance to something that happened in the trance. Why?

I extended my hand to help her stand. She kissed me gently on the lips, then stood back.
She called an assistant, who escorted Andy from the room.  Andy looked back at me with
a hot but hesitant expression as the door shut behind her.  Now, it was just Mistress
Diana and me.  I knew we were going to start. 

"Strip, pig!" she screamed.   Pig was me.  I began stripping. 

It occurred to me as I undressed, that since she judged my receptiveness to and desire
for a particular act or technique she used, in part, by the status of my cock, I needed to
be programmed to respond naturally, which, as I have said, I already had done for
myself. However, I did it again to make sure. 

She waited impatiently, tapping the whip against the side of that oak tree she called a
leg, as my clothes hit the floor.  I saw a door open and a woman, dressed in an all black
cat suit, enter. The women walked behind me and pulled back my left arm.  I felt leather
being attached. When she took my right arm, I looked at the left one. She had put a very,
thick, wide leather restraint around my wrist.  It had two buckling straps and an O-ring
imbedded in it.  It looked ominous and she was installing another one to my right wrist. 
Then, the woman attached something around my waist and crotch. It was like a one-
piece leather jock strap with built in cup. I would learn later it was to protect my cock and
balls.

The woman pushed me forward a few steps.  I heard an electric motor and looked up.  I
was under a hoist.  Diana was staring, her eyes boring into me. I could not tear my eyes
away from her as the woman attached chains to my wrists.  She pushed a button and my
arms were pulled upward until I stood on the balls of my feet. Diana tapped that whip
against her leg as the woman exited, leaving me hanging by my wrists and alone with an
amazon in a PVC cat suit.

Diana walked over to me. With the whip handle, she raised my chin until I was staring
into her bright, emerald eyes. I did not feel fear, just anticipation.  I knew I could take
command of her if what she did to me was not to my liking.  Then, I saw her eyes glaze
over. 

"David. This is Uncle Bert again.  I suspect you know Diana is one of my women.  Since
you are receiving this message, I know you are hanging by your wrists in Diana's
dungeon. This is the only message you will receive from Diana but it is an important one.
She has been programmed to be your kitten except during your training.  During training,
she is your mistress, David.  She will do to you as she wishes. Boy, I wish I could see
your face right now! I bet you are saying 'Oh, shit' under your breath and you have
already started to sweat. Give up control, Davy.  Let yourself enjoy the power of
submission, even if only this once.  My guess is that you are dominant and will enjoy
much more that part of your training, but you need to experience all of it. Have fun."   

"Oh, shit!"  

Diana laughed out loud. It was an evil, commanding, loud laugh. I began to shake.  As
Diana would explain later, helplessness and fear are essential to receive the sexual
pleasure of surrender...  submission... to a master (mistress, in this case.)  

I was totally helpless. I was so afraid I was about to pee on myself.  So, my sexual
pleasure should be great.  At least, that is what I hoped. 

To be continued . . . .

Please! Give me your comments. 