Copyright 2003 by Tomahawk43@runbox.com, All rights reserved.  Publication (including the storage of this work on any electronic server or website on which a fee is charged to access the server or website) or retransmission of this work without permission of the copyright holder is prohibited.

DISCLAIMER:  No resemblance to any person, living or dead is intended.  All acts described herein are purely fictional and is offered for entertainment purposes only.  This story may not be viewed by any person under the age of 18, or where local laws would prohibit its publication and viewing.  Further, this story should not be read by any person who has no appreciation for the difference between fiction and reality.   

NOTE:  This is a rape story as described through the police report

University of Bedrock Police Department								Crime Scene Incident Report
Case: __04-209__
Type of Incident:  Rape/Sexual Battery/Forcible Sodomy
Date: 9/13/04   Location: West Tower   Room: 666
Time of Report 5:23 a.m.    Officer:  Sgt. M. Davis

Summary of Incident:
	Lisa Michelle Lawson, a 21 year old, 5' 2" white female, with medium length black hair and brown eyes reported being sexually assaulted in her Dorm room (West Tower 666) between the hours of approx. 11:04 p.m. on Weds. September 12, 2004, and 2:51 a.m. on Thursday, September 13, 2004.  Ms. Lawson, a Resident Advisor, reported she returned to her floor at approx. 11:02 p.m. from an Honors College reception.  
	She stated it was a semiformal reception, so she was dressed as follows: a white silk blouse with a red dress jacket, a red knee length skirt, a white 32B cotton bra, a pair of white cotton bikini panties, pearl white sheer Lycra pantyhose and white 3" pump heals.  Ms. Lawson also reported she had done up her makeup, wearing black eyeliner and eyeshadow, a pink blush, bright red lipstick that had been recently reapplied and red long fingernails.  She also stated she was wearing white pearl earrings and a matching pearl necklace. 
	Lisa stated that upon arriving back at the West Tower she took the elevator to the 6th Floor.  She stated she exited to her left to approach her room, and she saw a middle aged white man in the floor lounge next to her room, but thought nothing of it at the time.
	A few seconds after entering her room, Ms. Lawson reported she heard a knock on the door, and she opened the door without viewing the person through the security peephole.  Lisa stated the when she opened the door, there was a white male, approx. 6'4" tall,  about 38-40 years of age, with a bald or shaved head, blue eyes and a tan complexion wearing a white short-sleeve cotton collared shirt, beige khaki pants with a brown belts, and sneakers standing at her doorway.
	Ms. Lawson stated he brandished a 12" knife to her and quickly pushed her back into the room, slamming the auto-locking room door shut.  The victim stated the assailant, whom she believes was the man in the lounge, then wielded the knife and threatened her life if she made a sound.   She reported first noticing he was carrying a small black bag, similar to camera case and that he spoke with a slight English accent at this time.
	Lisa stated that the assailant the pushed her against the bed and ripped her jacket off, throwing it to the floor.  She remembered struggling against him, but he overpowered and pressed the knife to her neck.  Ms. Lawson said she stopped actively resting at this point, and her assailant grabbed a nearby piece of telephone wire.  She continued that her attacker proceeded to tie her wrists together, and then to the top left leg of the bed.  
	She stated he proceeded to pull a pair of latex hospital gloves from the small case. and placed them on his hands, before he grabbed the knife and cut her blouse off.  The victim remembered her assailant cupping and kneading her breasts through her bra as she blushed, before he cut the bra straps and ripped it from her chest, throwing it the floor as well.  Ms. Lawson stated he next began to pinch and rub her tender nipples, causing them to become erect and hard.  She reported he then removed his shirt, exposing his well muscled hairy chest.  
	Lisa stated he then slid his knife slowly down her belly to her skirt, and then slipped it under the waistband of the skirt, slicing the fabric with a continued downward motion, exposing her hose covered thighs, which she was desperately trying to keep together.  She said her attacker then pressed the knife against her smooth stomach around her belly button and ordered her to spread her legs.  Ms. Lawson indicated she feared he would harm her, so she reluctantly complied.  She added that as soon as she began to widen her thighs, he kneeled between them.  She further added he began to grope her pantyhose covered genital area hard, rubbing the palm of his hand against her pubic mound, causing Lisa to squirm and grunt in discomfort.
	Ms. Lawson stated her attacker then slid the knife gently down her belly and began to slice her pantyhose.  She stated he then grabbed the crotch of her hose, where he had cut an opening, and pulled hard, ripping the area directly over her genitalia.  Lisa then added the he began to rub her vaginal lips though her soft cotton panties.  Ms. Lawson then recalled that her assailant cut the waistband of her panties and yanked them off, revealing her private parts and her neatly trimmed dark brown pubic hair.  She added he tore her hose further at this point, so he could easily access her vaginal region.
	Lisa reported he began to roughly grope her exposed vaginal lips, with one hand, causing them to swell.  She recalled he unbuckled his pants with the other hands, removing his belt and placing it on the shelf next to the bed.  Lisa added he then kneeled further up, lodging himself securely between her splayed thighs.  She stated he began to unbutton his pants, and the lowered them, exposing his fully erect penis, which she remembered being about 9" long and 3" wide, by far the biggest she had ever personally seen.
	Ms. Lawson stated he then removed a small package from his bag, and ripped it open, revealing a condom.  (Exhibit #2 is a Trojan non-lubricated latex condom, covered in various fluids, presumed to be the condom at issue recovered from the scene)  Her assailant proceeded to place the condom on his penis, and she reported he then lowered his hips and told her to "prepare to be conquered you sweet bitch."
	Lisa reported she tried to clench her thighs closed, but her attacker was firmly lodged between them.  She stated he roughly spread her vaginal lips with one hand white he guided his penis with the other.  She stated he then proceeded to shove his hips forward, driving his penis into her exposed vagina.  Lisa reported he used steady pressure to penetrate her completely, pushing his penis deep inside her, until the head of it rested against her cervix.
	She added that he then began to repeatedly force his penis in and out of her dry vagina, causing her great pain as she slowly began to lubricate her vaginal juices.  Ms. Lawson stated the rapist used short, deep, hard, rapid thrusts, causing her to grunt as he raped her thoroughly.  
	Lisa continued that he reached up and began to maul her breasts squeezing the soft flesh roughly as he penetrated her pussy with his prick.  She stated he began to talk to dirty to her as he violated her, calling her a "man teasing bloody tight sweet bitch slut" and a "tight little young cunt".
	Ms. Lawson reported he continued to pound her vagina, maul her tits and talk in vulgar language to her for about 15 minutes, at which he point he began to moan, and he gripped her hose covered hips tightly.  Lisa said the rapist slowed the pace of her violation, and began to penetrate her vagina with longer, slower deep strokes of his penis.  She added she felt his penis throb as he buried it in her inexperienced vagina (she reported she had been vaginally penetrated by a penis only twice before).
	Ms. Lawson recalled he then suddenly removed his penis from her vagina, and scooted up so he was kneeling above her breasts, pointing his penis at her face.  She added his condom-covered penis was covered in her lubricating juices.  Lisa stated he then placed the knife against her throat and ordered her to open her mouth.  She again felt threatened and complied with the order.
	Ms. Lawson remembered that he dropped knife next to her and grabbed the back of her head with one hand, as he guided his penis with the other hand towards her open mouth.  She stated he inserted the head of his latex covered penis into her mouth, and began to thrust his hips back and forth, pushing his penis slowly in and out of her mouth, forcing her to taste the combination of his flesh, the latex rubber condom and her vaginal juices.
	Lisa continued by saying the he began to jab his penis against the back of her throat, causing her to gag and retch.  She added he placed both hands on the back of her head and began to force the condom-covered penis into her throat.
	Ms. Lawson recalled that she began to choke as he cut off her air supply with his rubber-covered penis.  She remembered struggling, but the rapist held her head tightly as he forced the entire 9" of his penis down her unwilling throat.  She added he stopped only when her face was buried in his pubic hair and the entire penis was in her mouth. 
	Lisa further reported her attacker kept the entire length of his penis buried in her throat for several seconds, causing her to gag violently with the taste of the rubber condom and her musty vaginal lubrication on his penis.  She continued by stating that he finally withdrew his penis from her throat, but only so far as his penis head was resting on her tongue.
	Ms. Lawson recalled the rapist then began to repeatedly force his penis down her throat using quick sudden thrusts.  She added he held her head tightly as he roughly raped her throat, gagging her again and again.  She reported after several minutes of fucking her throat mercilessly, he withdrew his penis suddenly from her mouth.
	Lisa stated she watched him quickly remove the condom, dropping it on her chest, as he pumped his penis with one hand and began to spurt his thick semen on her face.  She reported the first glob of ejaculate struck her right cheek, before he pressed the head of his penis against her lips.  She continued that his next shot of semen was directed straight into her mouth, before he pulled back and directed multiple blasts of sperm to her nose, hair, eyes and chin.  Ms. Lawson then stated he again pushed his penis into her mouth, releasing the two final spurts of semen into her mouth and down her throat, forcing Lisa to taste the salty fluid for the first time in her life.  She reported he grunted and then withdrew his limp penis from her mouth with a snicker.
    	  Ms. Lawson continued that after ejaculating, her rapist reached into his bag and withdrew a very small digital camera.  She stated he took various pictures of her cum covered face, breasts, and of her red and bruised vaginal area.  She reported he told her that if she reported the rape he would send them to every male she ever teased.
      	Lisa stated he then picked up her shredded white cotton panties and proceeded to wipe the sticky sperm off her face with them.  She then added he stuffed the semen-stained underwear in her mouth and secured with a piece of duck tape he found in the desk drawer, effectively gagging her.  
      	Ms. Lawson stated he then untied her arms and holding the knife to her throat, he dragged over to the desk chair and forced her to sit in it.  She reported he then roughly tied her hands behind her to the back of the chair, and he spread her stocking covered legs and tied them to the front legs of the chair, ensuring her genitalia was exposed.
      Lisa continued that he reached over and grabbed his belt from the shelf, as she stared him wide eyed with fear.  She added he ran the belt slowly across her chest, causing her sensitive nipples to become erect again.  She reported he swung his arm back, and then snapped it forward quickly, causing the hard leather to slam into Lisa's firm left breast, just below the nipple.
      Ms. Lawson stated that she screamed in pain into the gag, but only a small muffled grunt came out of her stuffed mouth.  She continued that her attacker sneered and raised his arm again, then brought it forward quickly again, driving the belt into her right breast, striking her directly on the nipple causing her to shake violently in pain.
             Lisa further stated he continued whipping her breasts with his belt repeatedly, covering her firm mounds in welts.  She added he was methodical, striking her every 5-10 seconds, causing her to writhe in her bonds.  Ms. Lawson reported after several long minutes he stopped thrashing her breasts and began to rummage through her room.  
         After a short search, she stated he brought several objects over to her, including several close pins, a hairbrush, a flexible wooden yardstick and a battery powered electric toothbrush.  Laying these items on the desk next to her, she reported he said, Im going to hurt you so bad youll forever regret being such a bloody teasing little bitch.
         Ms. Lawson continued that he picked up the close pins, and pinching her bruised nipples, proceeded to place them on, causing her extreme discomfort, as she whimpered into her gag.  She added he pulled on the pins, stretching and twisting her tender nipples.  Lisa further stated he then dropped to his kneed in front of her exposed genitals.
         Still wearing the latex gloves on his hands, she continued that he began to roughly fondle her exposed vaginal lips, before he inserted two fingers into her now wet vagina.  Ms. Lawson reported that her assailant thrust his fingers in and out firmly, causing her to lubricate further.  Although she didnt want to, she continued that she began to feel pleasure as he continued to manipulate her genitals, causing her to approach orgasm.
  	However, Lisa stated that when he sensed her nearing climax, he stopped all contact, withdrawing his lubed fingers.  She reported that he asked her to beg for her orgasmic release, which she refused to do.  Lisa stated he then grabbed the plastic hairbrush and began to roughly drag the hard bristles over her sensitive vaginal lips and clit causing her to rotate her hips and moan in agony.
  	She added he continued this, speeding up the strokes of the bristles until her genitals were red and sore.   Ms. Lawson then reported he shoved the plastic handle of the brush roughly into her vagina, and began to fuck her with it.  She stated she closed her eyes as she felt the involuntary pleasure begin to build again, combined with a dull throbbing pain as her attacker slowly moved the handle around in her vagina. He again brought her to the edge of an orgasm, but Lisa reported he slammed the plastic brush handle hard into her vagina several times, causing a sharp pain each time, before he withdrew it from her vagina.
  	Ms. Lawson continued that he then stood up and ran the juice-covered brush under her nose, before rubbing it against her lips, smearing her juices.  She reported he then picked up the knife again, and untied her, forcing her to stand.  Lisa stated he then swung her around, once again tying her hose covered legs spread apart to front legs of the chair, then he pushed her forward, face down, binding her wrists to the bottom of the back of the chair, and pressing the undersides of her breasts against the top of the back of the chair.
 	 Lisa added he ripped her white pantyhose further, exposing her small firm ass to her rapists gaze.  She further continued her grabbed the flexible wooden yardstick, and began to beat her ass cheeks with it, causing her to wiggle her butt to avoid the rough blows of the wood on her flesh.  She reported he snickered as he drove the yardstick against her ass several times, causing her bottom to become sore and red.  
 	 Ms. Lawson stated he slammed the yardstick into her exposed vaginal lips in a particular display of cruelty, and she further reported she shook violently and screamed into the panty gag.  Lisa added he repeated this several times, striking her genitals with forceful, purpose filled stokes, causing her extreme pain.
  	The victim then reported her assailant picked up one of her white 3 pumps off the floor, and began to rub the heel against her vaginal lips.  She continued that her lips were very sensitive from the recent beating, but she began to feel a mixture of pleasure and pain as he inserted the heel into her vagina.
  	Lisa stated he slowly fucked her with the 3 heel, causing her to again build towards climax.  She added he skillfully brought her to the brink of orgasm, before he withdrew the heel.  Ms. Lawson reported she felt him move forward and then he impaled her vagina with his penis once more, this time from behind.
  	She stated he used slow, long, deliberate strokes, penetrating her all way up to her cervix.  Lisa continued that she felt a sharp pain as the rapist shoved the 3 heel, lubed with her juices up her virgin rectum.  She stated he pushed the heel in and out of her ass, roughly stretching her as he continued slowly pumping her vagina.
  	Ms. Lawson further added after a few minutes he withdrew the heel from her butt, and slid his penis, wet with her sweet vaginal lubrication, from her slick tunnel.  She stated he then roughly pulled her ass cheeks apart, and placed the head of his penis into her butt crack.  Lisa remembered screaming as he pushed hard, slamming his thick, long, erect penis through her sphincter and deep into her virgin ass.
  	She continued that he firmly gripped her hose covered hips and began brutally sodomizing her.  Ms. Lawson reported he anally raped her by punching his thick penis into her bowels hard and fast, as she thrashed her hips wildly and screamed into the gag.  
  	She added he then reached down and while still pumping her ass, shoved the 6 long, 2 wide electric toothbrush (minus the brush attachment) into her vagina.  Lisa stated she felt stuffed and stretched as he turned the toothbrush on, making it vibrate in her vagina as he continued violating her asshole. 
  	She remembers that he left the vibrating toothbrush/dildo stuffed in vagina, and concentrated on rhythmically stabbing his organ into the deepest parts of her bowels.  She added she felt her rectal muscles stretch and tear under the violent assault, as he painfully butt fucked her for over 15 minutes.
  	She reported suddenly feeling him throb in her ass before he removed his penis with a pop.  She continued he then removed the toothbrush from her vagina as well.  Ms. Lawson then stated her attacker firmly shoved his penis deep into her vagina, slamming the head against the sensitive entrance to her womb.
  	Lisa reported suddenly hearing the rapist grunt and she felt a sickening feeling   in the pit of her stomach, as he became the first man to ejaculate into her unprotected vagina.  She added she felt spurt after spurt of hot semen splash against her cervix as he yelled in triumph.  Lisa remembered he filled her completely with his sticky, potent sperm and some leaked out of her vagina as he withdrew from her.
  	She reported he whispered, Youre my bloody conquered bitch cunt now, look at you, dripping my cum out of your tight pussy.  She continued that he took numerous picture of her violated body with his camera, including several of his sperm leaking from her defiled vagina.  Ms Lawson stated he then dressed, repacked his case and left, leaving her bound, gagged and exposed.
  	About one hour later, she was found by her fellow RAs, crying as she stood bound, gagged, her nipples still clamped with the close pins, and sperm drying in her vagina.  The police were called and she was taken by ambulance to the Medical Center.
       The hospital report stated the following: Ms. Lawsons breasts were swollen and bruised, consistent with be struck by an object, perhaps a hand or belt.  Her nipples were also bruised and appeared to be stretched consistent with the close pins found attached.  Ms. Lawsons labia were red and swollen, and a large amount of sperm was found in her vagina.  The bruising of her labia and inner lips and tissue, as well as the sperm is consistent with forced sexual penetration/rape.  Ms. Lawsons ass cheeks were red swollen, consistent with being struck by a hard object.  Her rectum was stretched wide, and the inner muscles were torn and bleeding.  A small amount of sperm, consistent with pre-ejaculate was found deep in her bowels, and it is possible this injury was caused by brutal sodomy.  

  THE END
