Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Thirty-Seven: Cheering Up His Sister Maid
Summary: Lance has to cheer up his liltle sister!
Keyword: mf fsolo Fsolo mFf Ff mF mc inc oral creampie anal A2M 1st voy exhib super

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother.  
Chantelle Hayward: Lance's eighth daughter with his mother
Chastity Hayward: Lance's third daughter with his mother.
Delilah Hayward: Lance's fourth daughter with his mother.
Rose Hayward: Lance's sixth daughter with his mother.
Serena Hayward: Lance's fifth daughter with his mother.
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 
Zelda Hayward: Lance's seventh daughter with his mother.

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Cherry Milton: Twin to Sherry
Heather Goldsmith: Daughter of the jewelry shop owner.
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Sherry Milton: Twin to Cherry
Yuki Hanada: Shrine Maiden at the Tsukuyomi Shrine on Sanuki Island in mountains
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Esmerelda Jimenez: Pilot, Aeronautical Engineer
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Ming Hu: Chinese college student with a masters in mathematics going for Ph.D.
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Petra Jimenez: College student studying archaeology
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Carmen Black: Pilot
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Hannah: Stripper at Club Desire.
Janet Varsity: Pilot
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Melissa Stevens: Member of the Sigma Lambda Tau sorority.
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Dalia Smythe: Wedding planner
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Lily Myers: Pilot
Mrs. Kenning: Mother to Opal
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

The Demon-Maid  Black Garter
The Seductress: An imprisoned in the flesh.

The Fallen Maids
Deidre: Attends First Baptist. Slain by the Huntsman. Wearer of the Orange Garter.
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend. Slain by the Huntsman. Wearer of the White Garter.

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Bianca: stripper at Club Desire. black hair, big boobs
Britney: Cheerleader for the Mt. Tahoma Tigers
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Dara Bigsby: Pilot
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Estella Rayne: Pilot
Iris Devim: Pilot
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Luscious Lisa: stripper at club desire, bleached-blonde hair, blue eyes
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Goldsmith: Won of the men who owns Goldsmith & Sons Jewelry.
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Principal Murphy: Principal of Franklin High School.
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Tina: Cheerleader fro the Hoover Harpies
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
The Huntsmen
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Stalker
The Tempest
The Twin
The Warmth
The Weeper
The Woods

The Unbound

The Queen
Kylie Hayward

I absently rubbed at the frame of a painting of a woman in a pink dress with a round mouth full of teeth. Lady Smile's picture. I normally was creeped out by them, but I just rubbed mechanically at the gilded frame. She was gone. My best friend was waiting for me beyond.

I kept rubbing and rubbing at the gild, hardly noticing. My heart ached for her. I missed her so much. She was such a cute thing. So loving and generous. She put up with me. I was such a brat at times, but we stayed friends.

Everyone said it would get better, the funeral was only yesterday, but would it? Would I ever stop missing her? I sighed when I realized the frame was clean. Another evil being that would never get out of her painting.

There were so many of the nasty things.

And there was a new one to clean. The Huntsmen, hanging in the second floor's smoking den. Right over the fireplace. I should go there and scrub him clean. She was such a loving girl, and he took her from Master Lance. From me!

Kylie, a voice said softly.

I jumped and spun to find my brother in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt standing right next to me. My heart pounded at being startled. My skirt swirled around my legs. The garter squeezed about my thigh in such a comforting way. I started to feel good. To relaxed as I stared up at my Master.

Yes, Master-Big-Brother? I asked, my heart racing. He was so handsome with his blue eyes and his dark hair. Do you need something for me?

I'm going out, he said. And I need my Sister-Maid to make sure I'm taken care of.

Of course, I said, the garter squeezing again. I smiled at him. That's my job. To make sure you're always taken care of!

I smiled and took his arm. I missed TabithaI would always miss herbut I was a maid of Hayward Manor. That was an important thing. I had to be ready to serve Master-Big-Brother in anyway he wanted. 

Let me just go put my cleaning supplies away, I said.

Yuki will do it, said my big brother. He motioned.

I turned to see the shrine maiden sweeping in. She was one of my maids with the white garter on her thigh. She was a slender and graceful thing. She bowed when she reached my brother and took my cleaning supplies.

I will take over, she said, speaking clear English thanks to the power of the manor. It was so funny how she spoke it perfectly, but Ji-Woo, the Korean masseuse, had a thick accent and didn't speak it as well.

Mrs. Johnson theorized that since Ji-Woo already spoke English, even if it was poorly, the magic of Hayward Manor didn't have to teach it to her like it had with Yuki. 

I took my brother's arm as Yuki took over my duties. She had a bright smile on her lips. All my maids were being so considerate of me, trying to make me feel better. They all knew that I was hurting, but I was feeling better now.

I had my duty to my big brother.

We headed down the hallway to reach the entrance to the manor. The doors were open and a group of maids were already waiting on the porch even as the limousine pulled up. Alice and Dalia were there, the two Concubine-Maids wearing their green garters. They would be the bodyguards. Chantelle was there, too, my newest sister. She was well-endowed like Mom, her tits almost spilling out of her bodice. Not like my small boobies. Melissa and Hannah were there, the two Slut-Maids had just joined the harem when everything had gone wrong. They would be ready for a fight. They looked sexy in their uniforms. I loved Hannah's pigtails. Last was Principal White, one of the Wise-Maids. The Black woman nodded to us.

Where are we going? I asked as my brother and I headed down the steps, the other maids surrounding us.

It's a surprise, he said.

A surprise? I gasped as Principal White opened the door for Master, a big smile on her lips. She was a sexy maid. I remembered when she was recruited. We had so much fun in her office. I love surprises.

I know, said Master.

I slipped into the limo and he followed. Aunt Nancy was the driver. She glanced back, this wicked smile on her lips. I sank down into the seat, Master on the other side. The other maids piled into the limousine. We rode in comfort.

You sure we can't bring the Seductress? asked Aunt Nancy. She deserves a reward. Going out would be a wonderful one, Master.

No, he said. She doesn't belong in the mortal world. She would just stand out.

Of course, Master, said Aunt Nancy. Though, wouldn't the magic of Hayward Manor just cause everyone to accept her? I mean, I just go up to someone and say, 'I'm here on Hayward Manor business,' and they bend over backward to accommodate me. Like where we're going. We'll have the box all to ourselves.

My big brother chuckled. Probably, but I think she should remain in the manor. She needs her regular fucking with the strap-on.

She almost died for you, said Aunt Nancy.

You're winning her over, I squealed and pressed against him. Mmm, do we have a long drive?

The limousine pulled away as Master glanced down at me. Why? Do you want to suck my dick?
I squealed in delight and bounced up and down. Can I, Master-Big-Bro? Can I suck your cock! Please, please, please!

The world had been so gray, but not it was full of color. I would always miss my Tabitha, but my garter just pulsed so wonderfully on my thigh. I just burned with all this naughty sensations. I had to serve my Master. I had to be ready to love him. I beamed at him and fluttered my eyelashes.

You're too cute to say no to, he said. I'm glad you're feeling better. So, yes, you may suck my dick and drink all my cum!

Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! I bounced up and down before I slipped off the seat and attacked his fly.

You're really are feeling better, he said, shocked as I unzipped his jeans and unsnapped the fastener. I pulled him out. Wow, you were so out of it since the funeral.

I'm just feeling better, I said. I miss her, but... I smiled at his cock. It's my duty to suck my Master's big dick and make him cum and swallow all his jizz. I'm a maid!

 I swallowed his cock. My lips slid over his cock. He groaned, his face twisting with passion as my mouth sealed around him. I loved having him in my mouth. It was just such a treat. I loved him with all my might, suckling on him.

He slid his hand through my black hair and found one of my pigtails. He gripped my hair, wrapping it around his hand. The other maids watched me suckling Master's cock. I felt their envy. They all wanted to be in my position.

Principal White, sitting next to us, purred her throaty passion as she watched me bobbing my head.

Kylie, my big brother moaned. Damn, you're such a good cocksucker.

She is, purred Principal White. Mmm, Master Hayward, your sister is so lucky to have you for her owner.

Oh, yeah, cooed Hannah. I'm so glad to be done stripping and being your personal maid. You have such a big dick!

Yes! gasped Melissa. Ooh, ooh, Master, I love your cock so much!

Master-Daddy is the best, Chantelle added. She was such a good daughter-niece.

I suckled on my big brother's cock, loving him with all my might. My cheeks hollowed as I nursed hard on him. I bobbed my head, my lips working up and down him. My tongue danced, the salty flavor of his precum melting over my taste buds.

What a wonderful treat. I loved that delight. My hips wiggled back and forth, the heat sizzling in me. I closed my eyes, nursing on him with every ounce of passion that I had. It was such an amazing moment. 

I suckled. I slurped. I moaned around his cock, loving him with all my might. I wanted to just have all his cum spurting into my mouth. That would be such an awesome thing. He groaned as I worked on him. I bobbed my head, swirling my tongue around his dick.

Shit, he groaned.

Ooh, ooh, cum in her mouth, Master, Alice moaned. The Black Schoolgirl-Maid quivered on Master's other side from me. Mmm, I love sucking your dick.

Mmm, yes, Dalia purred. The wedding planner was across the bench from us. I'm thankful Bella chose me. Your Maid-Wife is such a loving soul, Master Lance.

She was. I suckled hard on Master-Big-Bro's cock in complete agreement. I loved the salty flavor of his precum. It was a treat, but I wanted more. I wanted all his to cum spurting to my mouth. I craved it gushing out of his cock and splashing against the back of my throat.

My pussy clenched as I bobbed my head as fast as I could, eager for that moment. I wanted all that spunk gushing from his cock. I craved it so much. I hungered for it to erupt from his cock. That would just be such an amazing moment.

He groaned as I did that. His face twisted in passion as I suckled on him with all my might. I nursed with hunger on him. My tongue swirled around his dick. He groaned, his cock throbbing in my mouth. 

Shit! he gasped. Oh, shit, that's good. You're going to get your reward, Kylie!

Go, Master! squealed the Sorority-Maid. Dump all that cum in her mouth!

Yes! Alice gasped, bouncing to my left. Flood her. Such a lucky maid!

I was so lucky to be his. I was thrilled to love his cock. My tongue danced around him, his precum growing stronger and stronger. I loved this delight. I flicked my tongue around him. He groaned, his cock twitching. Then it happened. 

Master-Big-Bro erupted into my mouth with his incestuous cum. I loved all that seed gushing into my mouth. It was just so perfect. I swallowed again and again. I gulped down the cum. I savored all that jizz flooding down my throat. 

It was amazing to have all that spunk flooding my throat. I gulped it down. I swallowed again and again, reveling in that wonderful jizz. He grunted as the other maids squealed and clapped. They were all so happy for me.

Kylie! Chantelle cried as Alice purred, Oh, Kylie, gulp down that cum!

Mmm, just swallow all of Master Hayward's jizz like a good sister, purred Principal White.

I did. I swallowed it all as my brother gripped my pigtail. He grunted with each blast of spunk that sprayed into my mouth. I loved his jizz flowing down my throat and warming my belly. My pussy was so wet, juices dripping down my thighs. He grunted and erupted one more time.

The limousine cruised down the road. I had no idea where we were going. It didn't matter. I was serving my Master-Big-Bro. I ripped my mouth off his cock, all his cum now in my belly, and grinned up at him. I licked my lips.

You're still hard, Master, I cooed and scrambled up into his lap. Better to ask forgiveness than permission. Let my pussy help with that.

He smiled from ear to ear. I would love that so much. I'm glad to see you so happy again!

I'm a maid of Hayward Manor! Of course I'm happy. I presses his throbbing cock into my trimmed bush and found the folds of my pussy. If I wasn't a maid, it would be so taboo to do this. I impaled my cunt down his dick. I'm especially happy when I have you in me, Master!

The other maids added their agreements as I savored having every inch of Master's cock in my pussy. I closed my eyes, enjoying this delight. It was wonderful having so much of him in me. I shuddered on his dick, my hips wiggling back and forth. I stirred him around in me.

Fuck, Kylie, he groaned. That's good. That's really, really good.

I know, I purred and squeezed my cunt down on his cock. Ooh, ooh, you know my cunt is just the best!

I plunged my snatch up and down his cock. I rode him hard as Alice grinned beside us. The Black cutie had her hands between her thighs, rubbing at her cunt. She quivered there. I breathed in, smelling all that wonderful pussy in the air. 

Principal White diddled herself, too. All the maids must be rubbing themselves except poor Aunt Nancy who was driving. I grinned at my Master-Big-Bro and worked my cunt up and down his dick. I rode him hard and fast.

Yes, yes, these are the needs I need taken care of, groaned Master as I worked my tight cunt up and down his big dick.

That's why you have me and my maids! I squealed. Tabitha loved being his maid and doing this. She would have to wait a while, but we were all connected. She would service our Master again some day. Yes, yes, yes, we'll always take care of you, Master-Big-Bro!

My pussy clamped down on his cock. I massaged him as I worked up and down his dick. I held him tight as I rode him. He groaned as I did that, my pussy massaging his dick. It was fabulous to ride him. I worked toward my orgasm.

And his.

That was the important part. Mine was just a bonus of being a good maid. A reward for using my tight and juicy cunt to pleasure him. He groaned as I rode him, my pigtails bouncing and my skirt rustling. His cock felt so amazing in my pussy.

Just so wondrous. Glorious. Fantastic. I squealed in delight as I worked up and down him, reveling in every second of his cock massaging me. He brought me closer and closer to climaxing on his cock. He moaned, his face twisting in delight.

That's it, he growled. You're going to get a pussy full of cum!

Yum, Hannah moaned. The Stripper-Maid sounded so eager to eat a creampie. I loved them.

I grinned wickedly as I worked my cunt up and down my big brother's cock. My pleasure swelled. It was so glorious. I shuddered, squeezing my silky flesh around him. He groaned as I slid up him, his face twisting in pleasure.

His blue eyes squeezed shut as I plunged back down him. I took every inch of him. My clit rubbed into his pubic bone. I loved the sparks that flared. I was so close to cumming. Just so near to bursting. I slid back up him.

Fuck! he groaned. I'm going to cum!

Yep! I purred and impaled my snatch down his dick. Cum in me, Master-Big-Bro!

My pussy writhed around his dick. I shuddered as I bucked on him. My twat rippled and writhed around his dick. It was wondrous. Glorious. The waves of incestuous delight washed through my pussy and drowned my mind. I gasped, stars flashing across my vision.

He grunted and erupted in me. Kylie!

Master-Big-Brother! 

My twat writhed around his spurting cock. Blast after blast of his cum flooded me. So much of his jizz rushed into me. It was just an amazing moment to feel. A wondrous delight to have all that spunk filling me up. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side as I reveled in this delight.

Oh, Master! I moaned. Master, that's so amazing! Ooh, ooh, you feel amazing. Just outstanding! Thank you!

You're welcome, he groaned. Damn, that's good. I love that pussy going wild around my dick. Just love it!

Yay! I moaned, my twat sucking at his cock.

The waves of rapture swept me higher and higher. I squirmed on his erupting cock. He grunted and pumped the last of his cum into my pussy. I just felt so good. I floated there, savoring all this delight. My pussy was full of all his cum.

Which meant... Hannah, want to lick my pussy clean?

Yes! squealed the Stripper-Maid. I totally want to do that. Ooh, ooh, thanks for picking me!
The other maids were nodding. I turned around to watch Melissa squealing as she came. Chantelle frigged her pussy and suckled at her own nipple, gulping down her breast milk. Principal White shuddered, her boobs jiggling in her bodice.

So hot.

I slid my pussy off Master's cock and sank onto the seat beside me. I spread my legs, all that jizz spilling out of me. Hannah pulled her fingers out of her cunt and slid onto the floor. She crawled to me, her blonde pigtails swaying.

I grabbed those and yanked her face right into my pussy. She gasped in delight, her lips kissing at my sloppy twat. She licked the cum spilling out of me. I loved it so much. I shuddered here as Master rose, his cock dipping in my pussy juices.

Ooh, anal, Master-Big-Bro! I squealed as Hannah licked at my pussy. 

Damn, you must be my sister, said Lance. You definitely think like me!

That pervy Hayward blood running through my veins! 

He smiled and pressed his cock into Hannah's butt-cheeks. The Stripper-Maid moaned into my pussy as she licked his cum out of my snatch. Boy, I liked her doing that. It felt so good having her stroking through my folds. I was all tingly from riding my big brother's dick, and now she was making me feel so good.

She moaned louder and louder as he drilled against her asshole. The slut's backdoor didn't hold out long. He penetrated her anal sheath, groaning as he did. Such delight slid over his handsome features. I smiled at my big brother as I savored her licking at me.

She lapped at me with such feverish heat. It was glorious having her do that as my big brother's cock vanished into her bowels. He bottomed out in her, a big grin on his face. I winked at him as he drew back his dick.

She gasped as he did that. Her entire body trembled. She moaned into my pussy as he pulled his dick out of her asshole. Her tongue flapped hungrily at my pussy. She stroked up and down me, gathering that wonderful cum.

Fuck! she gasped as Master buried his dick back into her asshole. Oh, god, I love that dick, Master Lance!

Yeah, you do, slut! Melissa purred. She pulled her fingers out of her pussy and held them up to Chantelle's lips. My sister suckled on them. Mmm, you're just a delicious slut, too.

She moaned around her fingers. I loved the sight while gripping Hannah's pigtails. I held the Stripper-Maid to my sloppy pussy. She moaned as my big brother fucked her asshole. He pounded her with force, thrusting into her as he churned her up.

Her tongue thrust into my cunt. Hannah wiggled it around in me as she scooped up the jizz in my snatch. It was just such a treat to have her doing that. She flicked her tongue into me and licked out more and more of Master's cum.

He thrust away at Hannah. He fucked into her bowels with such hard strokes. I groaned, savoring that wonderful tongue licked about in my snatch. Hannah feasted on all that cum in me while I watched Melissa slip to the floor.

She devoured my sister's pussy.

Yes! Chantelle moaned, her big boobs jiggling. She gripped the Sorority-Maid's head, holding the slut to that yummy cunt. Well, I hadn't eaten that sister's pussy yet, but I just knew she would have a yummy snatch. Ooh, ooh, Melissa!

That's right, sluts, Aunt Nancy said. You better be doing great jobs eating cunt, or else!
She's doing so great, Aunt Nancy! whimpered Chantelle. 

She's not bad, I said.

Not bad! Hannah gasped. You bratty liar! Ooh, take that!

Her tongue flew up and down my pussy. I shuddered, grinning at my Master as he fucked into her bowels. He hammered the Stripper-Maid hard, his dick burying into her bowels again and again. I trembled, my boobs quivering in my bodice.

Her tongue felt amazing. She licked through my folds and found my clit. She licked at it. I shuddered, my orgasm swelling in me. I whimpered, my hands gripping her blonde pigtails. I held her to my cunt as Master hammered her asshole.

Master-Big-Bro grunted as he buried to the hilt in her bowels. He fucked her with all that he had. It was so hot to watch. He just drove her wild. It was so delicious. She moaned into my pussy as I loved this moment. It was just wild. My heart pounded in my chest.

Shit, grunted Master. That's a tight ass. I didn't know a stripper could have such a tight ass!

You just have a big dick, Master Lance! moaned Hannah around my clit.

So big! Principal White cooed. Mmm, your lance is mighty, Master Hayward.

Uh-huh, Alice whimpered. Oh, I wish it was fucking my asshole! Yes!

She bucked in the seat beside us as she came. I smiled at her, my own orgasm swelling as the naughty Hannah suckled on my clit. Her soft lips nibbled on my bud. It was such a wild thing to experience. I trembled, my toes curling.

Master-Big-Brother hammered her asshole, her butt-cheeks jiggling. Her skirt rustled as she moaned into my cunt. My face twisted as my orgasm swelled toward my climax. It was amazing. I arched my back as she flicked her tongue over my clit.

Yes! I gasped and burst. 

I exploded in delight. My cunt writhed, juices flooding out and bathing Hannah's mouth. The stripper licked up my cream. I tossed my head, pigtails flying. My brother grinned at me as he slammed to the hilt in the Stripper-Maid's asshole.

Oh, yes! squealed Hannah. 

She moaned into my pussy as my brother grinned. He buried to the hilt in her and threw back his head. He roared is passion for the entire limousine to hear. He dumped his cum into the Slut-Maid's asshole. He filled her with his passion.
Master Lance! Hannah gasped, rubbing her face into my pu
ssy. Ooh, that's so good!

Shit, it is, he growled, pumping her asshole full of cum.

I grinned, holding tight to her pigtails as I rode my orgasm. I shuddered, bucking through all the rapture. My mind drowned in ecstasy. I felt so good. I was a maid of Hayward Manor. I had to keep serving my Master no matter what happened.

I panted, shuddering through my pleasures as my brother groaned. He spurted so hard into the slut's asshole. It was amazing. He ripped his dick out of her bowels as I panted there, feeling so good. Already, Melissa was going for his cock, her face dripping in Chantelle's pussy cream.

My sister was panting. She must have cum while I did. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Melissa engulfed my dick. I savored my Sorority-Maid working her mouth up and down my cock. I slid my fingers through her bleached-blonde hair. Her skirt swayed over her rump as she bobbed my head and suckled my dick clean.

I hadn't gotten to enjoy her much. That was one of the reasons I brought her and Hannah. The other maid had a great ass. My sister was smiling. She had changed so much. She had been so despondent, then had snapped out of it so fast.

Too fast.

Hayward Manor's magic. The Pact my ancestor had made with Cali. The one that had sacrificed her twin sister. I stared at Kylie. I couldn't kill her. Not if it was required to save the world. I loved her. I couldn't imagine hurting someone I loved like that. 

Melissa's suckling drew my attention to her hot mouth. She winked up at me, her brown eyes peering up at me. She had such passion in them. She nursed on me with all that she had. It was such a wonderful treat having her polishing me clean.

She did it wish such love, a slave to the garter around her leg. God, had I sacrificed my mother, sister, aunt, Bella, all my daughters, and more to the Hay? I chained them with the garters. I wasn't killing them directly, but...

But...

Melissa's mouth felt so good. Just so wonderful around my cock. I shuddered, a big smile spreading on my lips. It was important maintaining the Hay, but what if there was another way? I should talk to Asuka and Ms. Docea about it. 

For now, I just enjoyed Melissa's mouth working up and down my cock. She suckled on me with force. She nursed with all that she had on me. I groaned, my dick twitching with the feel of her hot mouth buffing me clean.

Her tongue danced around my cock. She knew what she was doing. She was skilled at it. Just so wonderfully good at sucking on my dick. I loved her doing that. I loved her working that hot mouth up and down my cock. She groaned as she did it. Her cheeks hollowed as she loved me with all her might. 
Damn, I groaned as she bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock.

My sluts are good, Aunt Nancy said. She glanced at me through the divider. I could just see her out of the corner of my eye. We're almost there.

Almost where? Kylie asked. Where are we going, Master-Big-Bro.

I winked at her as Melissa suckled on me with all her might. I felt the pressure rising. Around us, there were lots of parked cars. We were driving slowly as we approached the venue. I grinned, knowing that we would be ushered right to the front. 

My dick throbbed and ached in Melissa's mouth. The pressure rose at the tip. The need to cum built and built. I would have a huge orgasm. Just spurt all my cum into her mouth. She groaned as she suckled on me. 

She loved me.

Worshiped me.

That's it, I groaned. Keep polishing my dick, slut!

Melissa purred around my dick. Her tongue danced, sending such delight rushing through me. I enjoyed it so much. she was amazing at it. My nuts twitched as she suckled with all her might on me. I hurtled toward my climax.

She suckled and slurped as Kylie glanced about the window. Lights flashed as we passed some police cars, a cop waving us by. The limousine inched along as my nuts tightened with the pressure. Melissa's mouth formed such powerful suction. She thirsted for my cum.

Are we going to a concert? asked Kylie.

It's ten in the morning, said Alice. It can't be a concert. It looks like a game!

A competition, said Hannah. I know what this is. I attended it once. It's nationals.

Yes! I growled and erupted into Melissa's mouth. The National Cheerleader Competition!

I pumped blast after blast of cum into my Slut-Maid's mouth. I groaned as she gulped it down. My sister stared at me in such confusion as I groaned over and over again. I filled her mouth with jizz. I pumped her full of cum.

Look in the... trunk. I groaned, savoring the ecstasy shooting through me. I flicked my eyes to the storage compartment. 

Kylie opened it and gasped. She pulled out a cedar box. She opened it up, her eyes widening. It would hold one white garter. I groaned through the pleasure slamming into my mind. Stars flashed across my vision.

Fuck! I groaned as she held out the garter. Grief flashed across her face for a moment then she smiled. 

Yes, yes, a new maid, Kylie gasped. Of course! A Cheerleader-Maid. That's so hot!

Two of them, Aunt Nancy purred as I dumped so much cum into Melissa's hungry mouth. You get the purest, and I get the sluttiest. Sounds fair.

Yes! squealed Kylie as I dumped the last of my cum into Melissa's mouth.

I felt so amazing as the limousine pulled into a parking garage. I shuddered, Melissa sucking hard to make sure she got out every last drop of cum. I loved this delight. I felt so good. My entire body brimmed with the delight of this moment. I felt so good. So damned good.

I could just float away. That was how amazing I felt. Melissa popped her mouth off as Aunt Nancy was guided through the parking garage until she parked. Melissa zipped me up. My maids piled out of the car. I came out last with my sister and daughter taking my arms. Officials were smiling.

Welcome, welcome, Master Hayward, said a middle-aged woman with a perm. This way! We're so happy that you've come to watch the competition.

Glad you could accommodate us on such short notice, I said.

Well, when Nancy called us, we were just so excited to host you, the woman said as we headed up into the stands. We were coming out into the stadium. It was filled with fans. Cameras were ready to film the event. Just so thrilled.

I smiled as we were taken to the box overlooking everything. Our own private booth. I stretched as the festivities were just beginning. There was a grand opening ceremony with marching bands and flag waving. All the cheerleader teams were out on the field, each in different-colored uniforms. Blue-and-silver, black-and-gold, orange-and-white, red-and-blue, green-and-yellow, red-and-gold. So many combinations, all in their cheer units.

Principal White was the first of my maids to suck my dick as I watched the show. I dumped my cum into her mouth as the national anthem was sung, standing up, my hand over my heart as I filled her mouth with my jizz.

Alice was next as the first team cheered, the Mt. Tahoma Tigers. They looked delicious in their black-and-gold uniforms, their skirts fluttering. The maids not sucking my dick watched them as the cheerleaders went through their routine.

I couldn't believe how impressive it was. This wasn't like the cheerleaders at my high school. These girls were on another level. Pyramids. Flips. Feats of athletic prowess and balance. They were all so beautiful, too.

I filled Alice's mouth and Chantelle's. I was having a great time. The Springfield Ewes were next in their black-and-white uniforms. Then came the Cloudcroft Devils in their blue-and-silver. It was impressive. I dumped load after load of cum into my maids' mouths. They rotated. All save Aunt Nancy and my little sister. The Hoover Harpies shook their asses in their purple-and-gold while the Lincoln Beavers pranced around in their green-and-yellow. 

Do you think they all shave their beavers? asked Kylie. I don't think I want any girls from that team.

Probably, I said as I enjoyed Principal White's mouth again.

The competition was intense. The judges gave out their scores in a variety of fields. The crowds cheered their favorites. People had traveled all across the country for this. It was so exciting to see. I was thrilled just to be here and watch all these lovely women.

Shame I couldn't have them all be my maids.

The last team up was the McKinley Leopards, wearing red-and-blue. They were prancing about, doing flips and pyramid stands, all to their music. Their routine was such a delight to watch. I filled Hannah's mouth with my cum as the judges scored them.

Well, I told Kylie and Aunt Nancy, go find me two Cheerleader-Maids. You have full rein to go into their locker rooms. They gathering for the closing ceremony, but in twenty minutes, they'll be inside.

Right! said my sister. Ooh, I loved the first team.

They left while the winners were announced. The Springfield Ewes took the gold medal, the Hoover Harpies received the silver, and the bronze went to the Lincoln Beavers. The girls all looked so happy as they stood in the groups, the other teams filing off the field. They had given it their all, the just hadn't won. 

I was glad I came. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kylie Hayward

The Mt. Tahoma Tigers did not look all that happy when they entered their changing room. This stadium had lots of rooms, but the staff was so helpful to me. They hadn't won, but I had loved their black-and-gold uniforms. They looked so sexy with their pleated skirts and their tight-fitting, sleeveless tops. The gold sparkled as they moved.

Hi, I said brightly, holding the cedar box in hand, I'm Kylie from Hayward Manor, and I want one of you cuties to be a maid to my big brother.

All of the cheerleaders gasped in delight. They bounced up and down, squealing so much, I couldn't understand them. I smiled at them, hoping one of them was a virgin. It was a gamble with them being cheerleaders and all, but they couldn't all be big sluts.

Right?

I hoped this wasn't a repeat of the pilots. At least I had gotten a pair of virgin twins to serve Master. If I could get a cheerleader, that would be even more awesome. I awaited for the girls to stop cheering and calm down.

So, I said, who here is a virgin.

The entire squad all snapped their gaze to a busty brunette. She blushed so prettily and squirmed there. I grinned from ear to ear as I crooked a finger at her, so excited that there was a virgin here for my Master-Big-Brother to deflower.

Lift that skirt and drop your underwear, I told the brunette as she stepped up before me. I have to check if you're a virgin, er...

Britney, she said and reached beneath her skirt. I am.

She never has time for fun, a Black cheerleader said. Always training or studying.

She's a good girl, added a blonde. Not like me.

The others laughed as Britney peeled off a pair of thick, gold panties. They couldn't even be called panties, more bloomers. In fact, she had a pair of white panties she was rolling down with them. She pulled off the gold and sparkly bloomers. She took a deep breath and raised her skirt. She had a trimmed, brown bush dripping with her excitement.

Virgin checks were one of the most important duties I had. Right next to making sure my big brother was always taken care of. Only maids who had never known any other men could properly take care of him. Sluts could fight for him or do research for him or guard him, but they couldn't properly make sure he was always happy.

They needed to be blank slates when it came to men. It was so important. My garter throbbed with how important it was as I dropped to my knees and slid my fingers through Britney's brown hair to find the folds of her pussy.

She gasped as I rubbed at her cuntlips with my fingers. A quiver ran through her as the other girls watched on in awe. I parted her outer labia and pushed my finger into her depths. Or tried to. A barrier. A virgin cheerleader.

Such joy shot through me.

Well, well, well, she is cherry, I said. 

Man, if I was a virgin, I could be a maid? the blonde asked.

Yep, I said and opened the box. I pulled out the garter. A wave of grief washed through me. I knew this wasn't Tabitha's garter, which was still on her thigh, but this one felt... important. Tears almost overwhelmed me, but the soothing warmth washed through my body, driving it away. 

I held it up for Britney.

She gasped as she peeled off her sleeveless top. She threw it to the ground. It landed face up with the tiger snarling on the front. She had on a gray sports bra she peeled off next. She had big boobs. They spilled out and bounced. 

The only man who would ever touch those big boobs was my brother. 

She unzipped the side of her skirt before letting it drop to the ground. She was down to her tennis shoes and her athletic socks. She didn't have to take those offfootwear was importantand was ready for the garter. 

I slipped the white band of frilly cloth over her leg and up her thigh. She shuddered as I did that. Her eyes were so wide. A shiver ran through her as I worked it up higher and higher. She whimpered as it passed her knee. Then it seated around her thigh.

She was chained to the Hay forever just like me.

There, I said and hopped to my feet. Now eat my pussy! Time for you to have some fun!
The other cheerleaders whooped as Britney dropped to her knees before me.

She pressed her mouth up into my pussy. I gasped as she did that. It was amazing feeling her tongue flicking through my folds. I shuddered at the way she lapped at me. She stroked me with her eager tongue, sliding over my clit.

I gasped in delight at the pleasure of her tongue stroking over my clit. Sparks sizzled through me. I moaned, my pigtails dancing. I smile down at her as I ground my snatch on her face. She whimpered into my pussy, licking me with all that she had.

She was so good at that. She was just so amazing. I loved it so much. I was so glad that she was tonguing me like that. I groaned through my pleasure, my heart pounding in my chest as she stroked through my folds. It was such an amazing moment. I loved this so much.

Oh, yes, yes, that's so good, I whimpered. That's just amazing. Ooh, ooh, just like me like that. Lap at me with all that you have! Give it your all!

Yeah, Brits! the other squealed.
GO, BRITS, GO!

Eat that pussy!

Buff that muff!

The others were clapping and cheering. I loved it as I ground on her delicious mouth. She feasted on me with all that she had. It was amazing. I quivered here, my heart pounding in my chest as she feasted on me with passion. She lapped at me with all that she had I groaned, my face twisting in delight. She stroked her tongue to my clit.

Sparks flared again as she licked at my bud. My orgasm swelled in me as she stroked her tongue around my bud. I gripped the back of her hair, grinding on the Cheerleader-Maid's lips. She whimpered into my pussy.

You're getting so good at eating my pussy! I moaned. Ooh, ooh, lick my clit!

LICK HER CLIT! the cheerleaders chanted. LICK HER CLIT!

I loved it. squirmed there, rising to my orgasm as Britney licked at my bud. She stroked around my little bean, making me feel amazing. My head tossed. I shuddered, savoring the delightful way the virgin feasted on me.

There was nothing like a virgin maid devouring my cunt.

I quivered as her tongue flicked around my bud. She suckled on it next. She nursed on me. I groaned as I rose toward my orgasm. I was so close now. My entire body quivered. My skirt rustled as she loved me.

Yes! I howled as I came.

Go, Britney, go! squealed the other cheerleaders as I climaxed on the sexy Cheerleader-Maid's mouth. 

My entire body bucked as my pussy cream gushed out into her mouth. She licked through my folds, the virgin doing such a good job. She was so amazing at it. I loved how she licked and lapped at me. She sent such pleasure rushing through me. I groaned, bucking through all that bliss. It was amazing having her tongue sliding through my folds.

Oh, Britney! I gasped. Brits!

Ooh, ooh, Kylie! she moaned as she bathed in my pussy cream.

Such sweet passion swept through me. I groaned, grinding my snatch on her face. I shuddered through my orgasm, reveling in every moment of gushing out my cream. It was wonderful. I groaned, my face twisting in delight as she licked at me.

She lapped at me with all the effort that she had. She stroked her tongue through my folds. I groaned as she did that. She tongued me with such passion. He feasted on me with all that she had. It was a magical moment.

Oh, oh, Brits! I moaned as I hit the peak of my pleasure. Welcome to the service of my Master-Big-Brother!

Yay! squealed Britney. She jumped to her feet and did a jumping splits, her big boobs bouncing.
Wow, how did she ever keep her hymen when she could do that? She was so special. I was glad to have her. She couldn't replace Tabitha, but I knew that Britney would be a valuable member of the harem. We would protect the world and keep my big brother happy together. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

I strolled into the Hoover Harpies' locker room, the girls celebrating their silver medal. They were all squealing in delight and shaking their hips. They were down to their bra or panties or just their panties. A few pairs of lovely tits bounced as they squealed in delight.

Well, well, well, congratulations, I purred, clapping my hands. That was quite the performance you gave. Really inspired me. I mean, Harpies, I love your mascot name.

Thanks, a Hispanic girl said. She was in a pair of gold spankiesthe panties like bloomers cheerleaders woreand a gray sports bra. Wow, you're a maid. One of them special maids.

Hayward... manor, a redhead said like she was drawing the name out of the ether. That's cool.

I know, I said and set my cedar box on a makeshift locker. This wasn't normally a locker room, but it had been converted into one. I opened the box and revealed the orange garter.

All the girls stared at it, salivating like sluts staring at Master Lance's big dick, all thirsting to suck it and drink his cum. I smiled in delight, my boobs quivering in my bodice. It was a shame the Seductress wasn't here. She would have had fun with them.

She deserved a reward. Taking those daggers to protect Master Lance proved she had changed.

So, I said, flicking my gaze around at the girls, who here has a clit piercing!

Me! the redhead said. She was wearing only her golden spankies, her round boobs quivering as she stepped up. See. She pulled the waistband of her spankies and the panties she wore beneath her back so I could peer down at her shaved pussy and the gleaming ring threaded through her folds.
Yeah, Tina's the only one crazy enough to do that, said the Hispanic girl.

Uh-huh, a black-haired cutie said.

So, you fuck a lot of guys, Tina? I asked.

Her green eyes gleamed.

She sucked off the entire football team, a sandy-blonde cutie called from the back. She was hooking on a normal bra.

And the basketball team, added Tina. That was harder. There were more big, Black cocks I had to gag on. My jaw was sore but my belly was so full of their cum!

Perfect, I said and grabbed the orange garter. Welcome to serving Master Lance Hayward, Tina! And congrats on winning the silver, too!

Thanks! she said had shoved off her spankies and pink panties in a single go, bending over as she did. My pussy clenched in delight as she stepped out of them. She was wearing only her athletic socks. They were ankle ones, leaving most of her feet bare. I'm so happy to serve!

I grinned from ear to ear as I knelt and held the garter in my hand. She lifted her left leg. I slipped it on, rolling the band of cloth over her toned calf and up her delicious thigh. It sealed on her and she groaned in delight.

Now, I said, pulling another object out of the boxit didn't just have to hold garters. I held up the strap-on and tossed it to her. Put this on me then bend over and touch your toes! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I waited for Kylie and Aunt Nancy in the limo, my other maids with me. Principal White and Alice both bent down to suck my dick. I sighed. I missed Tabitha and Deidre, but I had to replenish my maids. 

Life had to go on.

Still, if they weren't necessary. If there was a way to end this once and for all...

To be continued...
