Twin Sons & Different Brothers
A World of Darkness/Lattice/Highlander Crossover
© 1998

~Chapter One: Fear of Falling~

Max clambered up the ladder, hands slick with sweat, and nearly vaulted up onto the rooftop. A bullet whined over his head and he ducked instinctively, waiting, but nothing else seemed to come after it. Getting to his feet, he ran across one rooftop and jumped over the chasm between buildings to another and another. By the time he felt he'd placed enough distance between himself and the FBI, he was sweating and breathing hard. He bent over, hands on his knees and tried to gulp in some air and think. That good-looking female agent and her broomstick-up-the-ass partner had to want to know more about Vault and that could get messy. True, he'd been a runner but Vault had trusted him to the point of keeping him by his side so that Max had seen a lot of the people that had come and gone as well as a lot more of the business than most runners would ever see.

He needed to keep moving, though. It was dark on the roofs, much darker than down below where the street lamps cast a sickly amber glow on everything. He'd have to try and pick out landmarks from up above and then make his way over to his apartment building and start from there. Ignoring the stitch in his side, he straightened up and tried to get his bearings. As he did, Max heard a small scuffling noise and whipped around in a 360 looking for the source, trying to tell himself that idiot with the gun couldn't be that fast.

He saw nothing but that didn't mean nothing was there. Dragging a ragged breath into his lungs he took off again, seeing the edge of the roof and the one beyond, close enough as he pushed off the edge of the building and was airborne again just as he saw a shadow on the roof beyond. It threw him off his stride and either he was too tired or had misjudged the distance. He knew he wasn't going to make it even as both feet left the roof.

Fuck! He hated falling. Instinctively his hands clutched at anything and he felt his fingers grip the edge of the opposite roof but only barely. Oh, this is going to hurt... his fingers slipped and then he was falling....

Or not. Something clamped around his left wrist like a vise, nearly breaking it but he stopped falling. He hung there for a second, fear and hope warring and then he was moving, upward.

Fast.

He came over the edge and the man who had so ...strongly...caught him, went falling backward as well, ending up on his back with Max laying on top of him, between his spread legs, both of them a little stunned and surprised.

At the moment all Max could think was that he wasn't a blood spot on the pavement --- and he was really grateful for that.

His rescuer moved, getting both arms under himself, propped up on his elbows as he looked at Max, a small grin on his face. "A simple thank you would have done," he said, voice rich and laced through with a soft southern drawl but without a New Orleans accent. He flexed his hips slightly, reminding Max of the rather intimate position they were in. "But I'm not complaining," the man said and smiled, showing white teeth in a pale face, fangs just barely visible.

Max scrambled back. His legs, still trembling from the adrenaline rush of both nearly falling to a rather spectacular landing and his subsequent rescue, refused to work properly and he ended up sitting on his ass facing the stranger, legs splayed out in front of him. "Uh...thanks," he finally said. "It was lookin' like I was gonna wake up in a rehab learning to braid lanyards for fun and income." There was enough light for him to make out the small fangs showing and, for a crazy moment, he thought he was staring at Yvette. "You're...one of them, aren't you?"

The smile faded a bit as the other man nodded, moving to sit up, hooking his arms around his knees. "If by them, you mean vampire. Yeah. Don't worry. Not hunting," he said quickly, dark eyes meeting Max's anxiously.

"No, really, it's...not a big deal," Max protested. "My...uh...girlfriend is one." God. He ran his hands through his hair. Yvette a vampire, the Feds showing up, nearly falling off the roof and now being rescued by a vampire who looked like one of those pictures of Greek statues in his World History books before he'd dropped out of high school. he asked himself. "You hang out on roofs a lot?"

The other man rose to his feet in a swift, graceful movement, seeming to just unfold and rise. After a moment he held out his hand to Max, the anxious look fading a bit. "Yeah, actually...I do...did at home anyway...great place to get away. Not too many visitors." The smile returned a little shyly. "I heard the noise...took a look just in time to see you doing a Batman imitation..."

Despite himself, Max looked back at the ledge he'd nearly fallen from. "Yeah, I usually do a bit better than that." In response to the other man's quizzical look, he tried to explain a bit further, not exactly sure why he was doing so. "I've had...previous experience." Both hands remained firmly on the ground and Max thought the stranger looked a bit amused.

His hand was still out. "I'm not going to bite. Honest. I didn't just haul your ass up here because you looked like an easy meal."

I certainly hope not, Max thought. 24 hours of helping out a nearly hysterical friend who'd come to confess that she was now one of the undead did not qualify him to be an expert on vampires by any means. Still, it would be better not to antagonize the guy. He extended his left hand, keeping his right unseen by long habit. It made the process of assisted standing a bit more difficult since Max had to extend his hand across his body but, eventually, both of them were upright.

"I've seen you before...earlier at the Blue Flamingo.. you were with the girl who looked to be in a world of hurt. Val Everett," he introduced himself, then glanced over Max's shoulder.

"Max Griffin," he responded automatically before following the now introduced Val's gaze. "And I was at the Flamingo earlier but I don't recall seeing you."

"I think we'd just gotten there when you ditched...you looked...occupied with your friend," he murmured. He glanced back at Max, giving him a quick once over before returning his gaze to Max's face. There was no challenge in his gaze, just an odd curiosity.

Straight as a board. Cute, but straight. Val thought, though oddly not disappointed. Somebody had to breed the babies and it sure as hell wasn't going to be him...especially not now. He let his eyes scan the rooftop behind Max again, hearing tuned to any further sign of pursuit but sensed nothing. He was intrigued though. He had heard enough gunfire to know that was what had caught his attention just before he saw The Flash here start his run. He let his attention wander back to what Max was saying.

"That was Yvette. She's kinda' new to this gig, apparently, and I was trying to help her out." What that might mean to this Val, Max didn't know. "I don't think I've seen you around the Quarter. You new 'round here?"

"Being a new vampire can be very...rough," Val said softly then seemed to collect some dark thought and toss it away, faint smile returning. "And I am very new to New Orleans."

He looked around. "Well, I probably shouldn't be hanging out up here much longer and you shouldn't either unless you really enjoy talking to the authorities."

"Wouldn't be the first time," Val muttered. "But I doubt the cops here are interested in me."

Max had to grin slightly at the other man's expression. "Didn't think so; therefore, here's a friendly word of warning. If you're hanging out with me, you're bound to get asked a whole lot of questions."

"I already talked to them and didn't know you then..." The grin was back and Val chuckled a little. "Pushy though...and they aren't local. You do know that, right?"

"Fuck, don't I know it," Max said bitterly. "Same damn song, same damn verse. Go after the.." He stopped, wary of saying too much even to someone his instincts told him was on the same side of the law that he was. Instead, he paced a bit and continued to let his breathing work its way back down to normal. His right hand felt like he'd scraped the hell out of it but he didn't want to take it out of his pocket to look; instead, he looked at his left palm and was not surprised to find the skin pink and criss-crossed with brick skid marks and drops of blood. He'd fought hard to stay on that ledge.

"Are you okay? You didn't sprain anything?" Val sounded concerned. "I forget sometimes that ...I'm stronger than I feel..." he finished a little embarrassed. "If you need to rest a bit...go ahead. Anyone heads our way I will either hear or smell or see them before they get too close...and your heart's still racing a little fast..." he added.

"I'm fine - hands are just a little sore," Max offered. The information of a vampire's heightened senses gave him some small bit of comfort that he wouldn't be having to check over his shoulder every ten seconds.

"So what do they want you for -- you don't have to answer."

Max looked at Val for a long moment. Now that they'd stood talking face to face, Max could see Val had the look and the stance of the street hustlers he'd seen in countless towns across the country. Sometimes, they'd come into the carnies area after hours and ply their trade - but with little luck. Carnies were a rabidly heterosexual lot...at least on the outside. Max knew of one or two that had made side arrangements with the hustlers to 'meet them later'. Still, the guy seemed to have an undefinable quality about him. He wasn't sure what it was but there was something about Val that invited talk.

"They say they just want to 'chat', to ask some questions but I've heard that before," Max told him. "I do...some work around town and those guys are always pretty eager to try and get a toehold in and then use the body to climb up the ladder on."

"That's pretty much the story they gave in the bar...but," Val hesitated. He didn't know Max and the man didn't have any reason to trust his instincts at all. "I think they really did want to talk to you...badly. But they seemed pretty concerned about something...scared even. Something odd is going on, no lie." He moved past Max, settling down on the ledge to sit again, long legs spread out as he braced himself on the concrete guard. "But there is talk and then there is talk," he acknowledged.

Max wished his palms would stop stinging. Since the adrenaline had subsided, he was beginning to notice a few aches and pains that hadn't been there when this whole encounter had started. "These two...I don't know about. The guy looks like your standard white knight Fibbie. The woman's...different."

Val laughed, nice sound, deep and truly amused. "Yeah, well, you know what they say about us and them," he said teasingly, dark eyes dancing as he tossed Max's words back at him. "But I don't think she was looking for an easy meal either."

Max sat back down on the roof, leaning against the exhaust vent. "Oh man, she's a vampire?"

Val shrugged. "I am not great at picking out others like me, but yeah. Unless she has the average body temp of a slab of bacon, I would say she is...Kindred." he tripped over the last word as if unused to saying it. "And the word she used in referring to your..." he was guessing but he had a suspicion he was on target. "Former employer...said he was old...which means that however he died caught her off guard...and she's not new to the nightlife, unless I have really lost my ability to size people up."

"Well, you saved me from splatting all over the ground so I think I'll consider your sizing up abilities tops at the moment," Max joked before sighing out a long breath. "Great. Fucking wonderful. Not only is my boss dead...and dead before he was dead...I've got the FBI and vampires wanting to talk to me and I've gotta' convince 'em I don't know shit."

Val churned the pieces over in his mind, not liking the conclusions he drew, but he was operating on minimal information on all fronts. "You know, slipping out of town, probably would be a really good idea," he suggested quietly.

"No can do," Max told him. "Professional and personal reasons. You just don't up and leave without talking to the...bosses. I do that and I'm going to be in big trouble. Besides, I...want to make sure...Yvette is OK and that she gets what she needs." The last sounded as though Max had to drag that admission out of himself. "Looks like I'm gonna be stuck here playing cat and mouse with the FBI. Even more attention I don't need." Max was talking to himself, he felt. Val probably didn't understand what he meant.

Respect for the man sitting in front of him came suddenly. Mother Mary, to have had someone care for him when he had been brought over, then his thoughts choked. Someone had. Someone had cared enough, like Max did for Yvette. Hopefully Yvette would be a little more cautious about her friends. He swallowed, suddenly sick and ashamed and buried that feeling as well -- as he had Marcus. "Keeping a low profile can be tough," Val said, speaking before he screamed, focusing on Max who looked about as well as he felt at the moment - confused and fearful and just plain worn down by life...or death.

"You ever just--" Max stopped his outburst for a moment. Where had that come from? It was like the words were just right there in his head waiting to spill out if he'd let them. "You ever just feel like too many people have holds on you and some of 'em ain't for the right or good reasons?" He exhaled again, feeling weighted down to the rooftop. "Everybody wants somethin'. Everybody takes somethin' whether they know it or not. If it's good, it's OK. If it's not, you can't ever get it back."

"I never did until recently," Val said and slid off the ledge to sit in front of Max, raising his knees and looping his arms around them again. "Or if I did I didn't think about how deep they had those hooks until I had to pull them out so I could let somebody else dig in...But you're right...some things you can't ever get back....and sometimes..." he paused and swallowed again. "Sometimes you find yourself taking without ever meaning to."

Max recoiled from Val's gaze as if stung. Unbidden and unwanted, the memory of the night he'd almost lost his life returned; he could see the dead girl laying on the ground, legs spread apart, surrounded by a ring of carnies trying to decide what to do. His stomach tightened as he remembered the shout of dismay and then the sickening realization he was falling and there was nothing he could do to stop it. He only remembered hitting the first trestle. "And sometimes there's nothin' you can do to make up for what you took," he said to the girl who still visited his dreams sometimes.

"You know the worst thing about being a vampire?" Val said suddenly. "You can't get really, really drunk any more."

"That is something I definitely would miss," was the response. "Especially as I am feeling the need to get really, really drunk right about now."

He hesitated. "Max. You don't know me...you have no reason to trust me...but if you need to get out of town...if you need a place...I have one and folks who will...keep their mouths shut. You could take Yvette. Until you can regroup."

"'preciate the offer, Val, but the less people I involve in this the better. Believe me, you don't want the attention from either side." Max looked out at what they could see of the skyline over the city. "I'm gonna have to play my cards the best I can." He really did appreciate the offer - odd as it seemed to advertise space and security to someone you'd just met. "Although if I ever really get hard up, I'll let you know. I can always juggle to earn my keep."

"Always nice to have something to fall back on," Val said, not pressing. Like the hooker he'd met, you could only offer. You couldn't make things better for people by force.

"In the meantime, I should probably get back to my place and pick up some stuff. Those agents probably have it staked out by now. That fire escape better work." Max looked at Val. "What do you do with your nights?"

Val gave a rough laugh with little humor. "Well, I used to earn my keep...as a hustler,." he said it without embarrassment or regret. "Nice life if you can stand it...or you like it...but...sometimes the payoff is a stone cold bitch." he said bitterly and then visibly shook off the mood, grinning suddenly and charmingly. "You looking to change jobs, Max?" he asked with real amusement. "But if you are wondering what other vampires do with their nights, I couldn't tell you. Haven't met that many. Any particular reason you want to know?" he added, not sure if he had actually answered what Max was asking.

"Nothin'. Just curious. Yvette's my first experience with y'all and I somehow doubt she's...typical." Nope, 'typical' had never described Yvette.

"Typical seems to mean a lot of things...as far as I can tell, no vampire is typical -- just some know more than others. I'd like to meet her, sometime." He put no commitment on the interest, rising again and once more holding out his hand to help Max up. There was less hesitation this time and Val grasped his wrists rather than his hands to pull him to his feet. He glanced over the rooftops. "Your friends seem to have decided to keep their pursuit to the ground. Of course, they probably don't think they can fly..." he said archly, and turned Max's hands over before the man could jerk away, looking at the bloody scrapes. He pulled a clean handkerchief out of his back pocket, pressing it over the worst cut. "I'd keep that on there until the bleeding stops, if I were you...just in case you pass somebody who is hungry," he cautioned with a straight face.

If he noticed the missing digit he said nothing to Max, but moved past him to where a ladder hooked over the side of the building and looked down. "It's clear." He backed down, holding onto the rungs for a moment, studying Max.

"Weird as it sounds, been a pleasure, Max. Maybe I'll see you around," he said with that cocky grin again. He hesitated: Couldn't hurt. "If you decide you need that place to hunker down...Go to Atlanta...Little Five Points...Ask for Andrew McAran. Runs a bookstore there called Lattice. He's a good guy, Max, and while Yvette might surprise him, he won't turn either of you away. See ya'!" he added and slipped out of sight.

By the time Max followed him to the edge and looked down the three story drop, Val was gone.