TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  February 2000 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MF, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Story:  Marrying The Right Man
Author: C.D.E.

Abstract: 
Gail and Gerald are engaged, however, Gails former 
boyfriend, Gus, wants her to be sure that Gerald is the 
right man for her.  Gus proposes a few tests for the 
prospective groom.


CAST:

Fiancee/Wife-Gail
Fiance/Husband-Gerald
Gails old boyfriend-Gus


	Gail you cant be serious?  I replied in shock at my 
Fiancees revelation.

	Yes I am Gerald.  I know Gus is not the type to be 
married and tied down, as he puts it, but he says he wants 
to be sure I marry the right guy.  He says that if you love 
me youll accept me just the way I am now and wont be 
offended because Im this way.

	B-But Gail, would he accept you the same way?

	Probably not, but hes not the one saying he loves me 
so and wants to marry me.  Didnt you also say that it 
wasnt my beauty alone that made you love me?

	T-Thats true darling, but t-this is so unusual.  I-I 
just dont know what to say.

	So Gus was right, you are waffling.  Just like he 
said youd do.  At least I can believe him even if hes 
only interested in whats between my legs. At least hes 
honest.  Well I guess this is goodbye then Gerald?

	G-Gail, c-cant you see it from my point of view?  
Even though I-I know I love you it-its so humiliating 
to...

	So, just like Gus said you say, youre only worried 
about yourself.  Isnt true love supposed to be unselfish 
and not self-serving?

	W-Well yes, b-but...

	But what Gerald darling?  Are you ashamed of me 
because Ive come to you with the smell of his big cock on 
my breath, the taste of his cum in my mouth, and my pussy 
slick with his semen?

	Uh, m-more surprised than anything else.  I-I know 
hes your former boyfriend a-and you loved him, but he 
admitted that he needed more than one woman to keep him 
happy.  W-Why did you let him put you up to this?

	Because what he said made sense.  Plus youre 
reacting the way he said you would.  Just like a man who 
lets his pride get in the way of true love.  He was right 
on the money.  After you found out Id just sucked his 
dick, you didnt want to kiss me.

	B-But dont you think its sort of impolite for him 
to interrupt our date.  We were sitting here watching TV 
and petting the way we were a-and then he drives up and 
blows.  You go out to the car and go off for an hour with 
him, leaving me sitting here...  a-and then he brings you 
back freshly fucked.

	Gerald, I told you Id be right back and I said in 
about an hour.  I was back in an hour and five minutes, if 
you want to be precise.  Gus just had time for a quickie. 
So he only got off three times.

	T-Three times?  I-I cant believe...

	Yes, believe it Gerald.  Hes quite an athlete in 
bed. Thats why I value his assessment of you.

	G-Gail, I-I can see some of what hes saying, but not 
all of it.

	So youre saying you cant accept me then?  I thought 
love was a take it all or nothing proposition?  I accepted 
you that way.

	I-I see some of what youre saying, b-but...

	I do love you Gerald and I dont mean to hurt you.  
Besides you do have a mean tongue.  It really makes my 
pussy feel good and tingly.  It makes up for your smaller 
prick.

	I-I guess I should thank you.  I-I dont know what 
else to say.

	Why dont you just say youre willing to love me and 
accept me the way I am?  Just as when we practiced the 
wedding vows.  If you can say in sickness and health, 
surely you can say whether fucked by another man or not.

	Oh Gail, I do want and love you.  Youre the best 
thing thats ever happened to me.  I-I can see youre dug 
in on this idea.  O-Okay... I-I accept you the w-way y-you 
are.

	Oh darling, I feel so good about us now.  Please tell 
me again and say it completely.  Tell me you accept me 
after Ive been fucked by Gus or other men, and that you 
dont mind their cum being in me.

	O-O-Other men!

	Just a figure of speech Gerald darling, please repeat 
it for me.

	I-I accept you if youve been f-f-fucked by G-Gus or 
o-other men...a-and with their c-cum in you.

	SMOOCH!  Gail gave me a long stale French kiss that 
had the full flavor of her previous boyfriends cock and 
cum.

	Were going to be so happy Gerald.

	Now darling, since youve proven the first part of 
your love, I know you wont mind letting your mouth prove 
you say what you mean, and mean what you say.  As Gail was 
speaking she begin to undress.  In a swift move she had her 
skirt and her panties off.  Before I knew what was 
happening, she had laid back on the sofa and had parted her 
legs to reveal her moist tangled pussy bush.  The odor of 
heavy sex emanated from her beautiful snatch.  There was no 
doubt another man had been playing in it.  Her vulva was 
reddish and slightly swollen.  Her twat slit had definitely 
been well stretched and had not snapped back to its pre-
fuck condition.

	Gerald, darling, come eat me out and lets seal this 
moment of love between us.  I feel so romantic.  Show me 
that Gus is wrong about you.  Show me that youre a man who 
goes after the woman he wants and doesnt worry about the 
price he has to pay.  Thank you darling for being a man for 
all seasons.  Gail cooed in a most sensuous tone.

	She was so convincing.  Her building up my ego also 
played a role in me letting her guide my head and lips 
right to her heated, slick, still leaking, previously used, 
slimy muff.

	I started off slow licking, lapping and getting use to 
her swampy jism saturated and flavored cunt. I was 
surprised at how easy my taste buds acclimated to the lusty 
slimy fuck juices. It was a far easier eating than I 
thought it would be.

	It was even more eerie that I felt more in charge and 
confident as I worked my tongue and felt the woman I love 
squirming in response to my efforts as she ground and 
scrubbed her sloppy crotch in my face.

	After I got her off three times with my oral actions, 
She finally let go of my ears and let me mount her.
	She was still very wet and well lubricated as I slide 
my far smaller prick in her well used love canal.  The 
heated wetness was oh so soothing and pleasurable even if I 
didnt last but thirty seconds.

	Gail basically didnt seem to notice much of my 
efforts, as she seemed to still be settling down from my 
suck job on her cunt.  It hurt to hear her mumble what I 
thought was Guss name just as I was coming in her pussy.

After we both had delighted in the afterglow of our 
orgasms, we laid there and talked about stuff, including 
how she couldnt wait to see the look n Guss face after 
she told him, I passed all his tests and that I only had 
one more to go.

	One more test?  I inquired with a puzzled look on my 
face and in the tone of my voice.

	Yes, he did bring it up, but I wanted to wait a 
while.  Im not sure Im ready for it yet myself, even 
though I think I am. But I want to wait a day or two to see 
what your reaction will be to all this.  After all Gerald, 
you may wake up in the morning and not want me anymore.  I 
really want a true soul mate, some one for all seasons.  
Someone I can believe in.

	I reassured her I was that person.  I even swore that 
since Id gone as far as I had, surely there couldnt be 
much more to embarrass me in me paying the price of love, 
so to speak.

SEVEN MONTHS LATER

	Here I am standing at the altar waiting for my bride, 
Gail, to walk down the aisle any minute.  As Im waiting, I 
think back over the last few months and the changes thatve 
occurred.

	How Gus influenced us to wait until June to get 
married. I still dont fully understand why we did as he 
desired of us. Some people have this influential power over 
others I guess.  

Anyway he recommended to Gail that she be six months 
along, carrying his baby as she walked toward me to be 
joined in wedlock.

	Yes, her being pregnant by another man was the last 
test to determine my true love for her.  Not just pregnant, 
but clearly and visibly showing with people knowing it was 
not my child.

	It was strange, but after I first committed to accept 
Gail  whether fucked by other men or not, I dont believe 
we ever made love again when she didnt have Gus or some of 
his buddies sperm in her.  I got use to her smelling of 
having been used by several men when we made love. 
 
	One time she came in from a gang bang with semen 
soaked clothes and jism all in her hair.  She refused to 
shower and clean up until Id made mouth love to her raw, 
puffy, and bruised sperm laden cunt.  We Frenched kiss so 
much that time that the groups melded semen was second 
nature to my palate, as I got use to my fiancees slick 
jism coated gums and tongue.

	I had fallen in love with a slut and was apparently 
becoming acclimated to it. I recalled all the cum Id eaten 
out of her well fucked and stretched snatch since last 
August.

	My commitment had been made in August.  In November it 
was decided by Gus that she was to get impregnated by 
January, therefore I was excluded from coming in her pussy, 
even wearing a condom, until she was inseminated.  She 
either sucked me off or jacked me off for relief during the 
time she was trying to become inseminated.  She was tested 
pregnant by the end of December. Gus had done his deed 
well.  She told all her girlfriends he was the real father 
of her baby to be and that I was going to be the legal 
daddy.

	Of course by the time the wedding rolled around, it 
was all over town that Gus had fucked and impregnated my 
fiancee and that I was still going to marry her with his 
baby in her.

	I felt so foolish, but yet I also felt good about 
having proved to him and my wife that I was indeed man 
enough to pay the price of love.

	She looks so radiant, doesnt she?  Gus said as he 
stood next to me.  

	I nodded affirmatively to my best man.  It was Gails 
idea for me to ask Gus to do that honor.  She said it would 
truly signal to Gus that I was secure with my love for her 
and that I was man enough to show him so, even though hed 
knocked her up and she was going to have his child.  My 
objections to doing so were met with persuasive logic from 
her that only a real man would be big enough to do what 
she was asking of me.  Again I capitulated to my fiances 
desire, as I once more demonstrated that I could be the man 
she perceived me to be.

	As the music starts and Gail walks down the aisle in 
her white maternity gown, Im full of jitters that finally 
shes at last going to be mine, even if shes bringing me 
her tummy full with another mans baby too.

SIX MONTHS LATER

"What!" I cried out in disbelief.
	"Honey, you're upset?  Why?  He just wants to 
borrow me for the evening.  He knows I belong to you.  
It's not like hes taking me away from you or Im 
leaving you.  He's going to bring me back home to 
you."

	"B-But Gail, y-you promised that you'd be all 
mine a-after we're married."  I angrily stammered out 
words of anger.

	"Darling, I am all yours.  But what I really 
said was that my heart belongs to you and you alone.  
No one will take that from you.  My love spirit 
belongs only to you.  We are soul mates, remember?  
If someone threatens to take my emotional love from 
you, then you'd be justified in being concerned.  But 
you don't have a thing to worry about honey, he and 
his friend just want to have a good time and probably 
want to borrow my pussy for a little fucking, that's 
all."

	"Borrow y-your... H-His friends? T-that's all!"

	"Sweetie, lets look at this logically.  First of 
all, you're not much on going out or dancing right?"

	"W-Well..." I attempted to reply, but was 
searching for words when my wife cut me off.

	"You know you're more of a homebody, and when we 
do go out you're worried about how much it costs.  
Well this won't cost you a cent. They're paying for 
the evening.  So therefore you're saving on the cost 
of a night out on the town for me. Not to mention 
with you here watching the baby, we save on the cost 
of a babysitter. See my point?"

	"W-Well..., but..."

	"And another point darling, you really won't be 
using my pussy the whole night anyway.  What does it 
take, no more than two minutes for you to get off 
after a few strokes in me?"

	"Y-You know I-Ill l-lick you as long as it 
takes to satis..."

	"You can still eat my pussy when they bring me 
home, besides I expect you to do that anyway.  If you 
didn't, I'd think you didn't love me."
	
	"I-I see, w-well that is, I-I think I see."  I 
replied slowly trying to make some sense of my wife's 
logic. I-I guess it may be okay, a-at least since 
I'm sure they'll be using condoms... Y-you are going 
to have them u-use condoms?"

	"I'm glad you brought that up darling.  No they 
won't. In fact Gus called earlier to let me know he 
wasn't going to use any rubbers.  Just like before I 
was married, he wanted to let me know he wanted my 
pussy wet and raw - black skin to white skin, with 
only hot pussy juice between his dick and my pussy 
flesh."

	"B-But Gail, y-you're off the pill.  Y-You could 
get pregnant. A-And besides, if-if I have to wear a 
rubber why doesn't he and his buddies?"

	"Well darling, you and I both know you wear them 
not only for protection but to also to increase your 
stamina to prevent pre-mature ejaculation.  Gus never 
had that problem and all the fellows I dated never 
had that problem, hence they don't have to wear 
rubbers for that purpose.  Their dicks do well, very 
well, in my juicy hot pussy.  You know how Ive told 
you how long they last before shooting off."

	I know I looked truly pathetic now as my wife 
reminded me so pointedly of how superior her ex-fuck 
studs were in comparison to me.
 
	Darling, theyve all promised to pull out and 
let me swallow their cum.  No mess no fuss, just good 
fucking and sucking thats all thats going be 
happening.  Theres nothing for you to be upset 
about.  And besides, if for some reason, their cum 
should happen to get me knocked up, itll just give 
you another opportunity to further prove your love to 
me, not to mention a new little brother or sister for 
little Gus here.

	I stood virtually speechless at my wifes words. 
I knew further discussion was futile. 

	After she tenderly kissed me goodbye, I stood at 
the window holding our son, Gus Junior. I continued 
looking out, as my wife drove off in the night.  She 
would soon be in the arms  of our sons real father, 
Gus Senior.

	I mentally sighed. I thought Id pass the love 
test with flying colors.  However, now it looks like 
there will be many more to go. 

				### END ###

Send comments to C.D.E. at ccwriter@hotmail.com

	
	
	


