Author: mypenname3000
Title: Winning a Genie Harem Chapter 9: Harem Master's Naughty Consequences
Summary: The naughty fun Corey's been having with his harem is making waves across the all-girls' school!
Keywords: mf mFf D/s anal toy school oral

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Characters
Main Characters

Corey Derrickson: High school senior, friend of Kyle Unmei, given the chance to marry one of four genie, each from a different tribe, if he can find them at St. Maria Theodora Catholic School!
Aleah Buckley: Corey's first sex slave. High school senior. He claimed her after Kyle suggested she'd be a good candidate for starting Corey's harem.
Tania Buckley: Aleah's younger sister. Corey's second sex slave. High school sophomore. Seduced into the harem by Aleah.

Students

Asra Duff: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and PE. A goth lesbian who doesn't like Corey being at her school and is trying to get him expelled.
Bettie Black: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and History classes. A spoiled princess dripping for a man to take her in hand. 
Briana Hamilton: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and PE classes.
Brenda Nevada: A senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes.
Debbie Goffe: Sophomore at St. Maria Theodora.
Franny Keighley: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Jennifer Nielson: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Hallie Hunt: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and Chemistry classes.
Havva Najjar: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class. After eating her pussy and seeing her submissive nature, Corey suspects she is the Jann. She is also his sex slave.
In'am Alfarsi: Junior at St. Maria Theodora. A slutty Arab girl who waited naked in Corey's locker room eager to enjoy the only boy at school. Corey suspects she is the Si'lat.
Lisa Comstock: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Megan Scrivenor: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Nadia Rivers: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's PE class. Challenges Corey to a hot race. When he caught her, he claimed her.
Natiqua Osbourne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Regina Florence: Girl who moved in next door to Corey, sophomore at St. Maria Theodora. In Tania's math class. Is seduced by Tania and becomes Corey's girlfriend.
Pita Reyes: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and Chemistry class.
Ritsuko Takayama: A Sophmore at St. Maria Theodora.
Rita Pickle: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Sheila Thorne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's History and PE class.
Tammy Fredrick: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and PE Class
Ursula Bannister: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Chemistry class.
Vanessa Shearer: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes. Wants a private study session with Corey.
Zahia Qadir: A Junior at St. Maria Theodora. A submissive, Arab Christian that is eager to learn naughty things from Corey. Suspected to be the Marid.

Faculty

Mrs. Abigail Reynolds: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Ms. Allie Reid: Corey's English teacher and the librarian at St. Maria Theodora. A naughty teacher doing wicked things with Corey.
Coach Denise Bennett: Corey's PE teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Mrs. Donna Blackwood: A philosophy teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Anna Petra: A nun and Corey's Chemistry teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Doris Suzette: A nun and teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Ester Sarah: A nun and Corey's Math teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Francis Jean: A nun and Corey's History teacher at St. Maria Theodora. Suspects Corey of having sex at school. Not happy about it.
Sister Nova Victoria: A nun and new headmistress at St. Maria Theodora. Corey suspects she's the Ifrit after she initiates a sexual relationship with him.
Ms. Valerie Terrence: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.


A serious problem, the Marid said.

The four genies, sent to the mortal world by the new sultan, gathered on the roof of St. Maria Theodora, the all-girls' Catholic high school they'd infiltrated. It was well past midnight, the world mostly asleep. They were on the side of the older school building looking down upon the smaller dorm and the attached convent where the nuns who ran the school lived.

A Ghul is here, the Marid said, her voice calm as a placid lake, but anger stirred in her depths. 

How is she here? demanded the Jann. That violates the Sultan's law. Should we tell Sultan Unmei?

Master Derrickson needs to handle it himself, said the Ifrit, her voice containing the sultry heat of a simmering fire. 

The Ghul is working to get him expelled, the Marid said. That would ruin things for the Sultan. He expended a lot of effort to arrange this for Master Derrickson.

Luckily, I adopted a disguise that has some authority at this school, the Ifrit boasted. I am in the perfect position to handle this Ghul and keep her from being a problem.

A position that denies you the freedom of being claimed by Master Derrickson like I have been, the Si'lat said. He knows who I am. He already told me. I'm his.

The Jann rolled her eyes. I've already submitted to him. He knows just how eager I am to be his naughty submissive. That's what he craves, Si'lat.

Oh, I think I know exactly what he craves. The Si'lat smiled with delight. 

That doesn't solve the current problem, the Marid said. And he hasn't made his choice. He hasn't even figured out who we are.

He figured out who I am, the Si'lat said again, sounding delighted.

I have the perfect solution to the problem at hand, said the Ifrit, but we'll need to use all our magic to craft it.

Agreed, the Jann said. 

Sure, said the Si'lat. I can't wait for him to let you all know I'm his wife.

I have no problem in using our powers jointly for this. The Marid glanced at the Si'lat and added, I have his interest, too, Si'lat.

And he's putty in my hands, purred the Jann. I've given him exactly what he wants.

The Ifrit laughed. Oh, I'll melt his bones. Boys crave an older, more experienced lover. He can't stop thinking about me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Corey Derrickson  Wednesday, September 9th 

I woke up early like I usually did. 

I sat up between the two girls. Neither were the usual girls I slept with. It wasn't Tania and her older sister, my two sex slaves, but Jennifer and Regina. My new girlfriend concubines. A tingle of excitement ran through me, my cock hard.

I wanted to do something, but I had a morning ritual. I couldn't let that slide just to fuck some beautiful women. Though it was tempting. I had to stay in shape. You couldn't be the master to a harem of beauties if you let yourself go soft. You had to be a man.

I carefully extricated myself from them and avoided stepping on the three sex slaves sleeping on the floor. Aleah and Tania were on a futon mattress with Havva between them. Havva, the suspected Jann, had such a delicious shade of dusky brown skin that contrasted with the paler flesh of my sex slaves.

I slipped by them, my cock bobbing before me, and headed to my dresser. I quietly pulled out some boxers, socks, jogging shorts, and a tank top. Then I slipped out of the room, letting them all sleep. I headed down the stairs and got dressed. My dad was still at work, on a long shift as a fireman. 

I donned my jogging shoes and headed into the cool morning. The sun wasn't up yet, but nearing, the eastern sky lighting. A few clouds glowed pink along the bottom, picking up those first rays. I stretched and then jogged out down the path. 

My dad always made sure I stayed in shape. As a fireman, he needed to be in peak physical condition. I'd been jogging for as long as I could remember. It was a great way to start the day. I could let my mind wander as my body followed my usual route.

I didn't live far from St. Maria Theodora, my path took me into the same neighborhood around the Catholic school. So I shouldn't have been surprised when Nadia appeared.

I was. And excited.

Her glossy, black hair flowed behind her as she jogged ahead of me. They danced down her back. She wore a gray tank top and a pair of black jogging shorts that hugged her rump even tighter than the ones she wore yesterday during PE.

My cock stirred at the memory of our race, a wild run that led out of the school, lasted for blocks, and ended with us fucking hard in the alley against a fence. Asra, that dyke who hated me, had snapped a few pics of us, threatening to ruin our reputation or get us in trouble.

I wasn't worried. 

I sped up my pace to catch up with Nadia. This was no race like last time. My dick stirred, remembering how steamy and wild her pussy had been. She had the passion of a simmering geyser just brimming to erupt and spray her rapture across the world.

As I came alongside her, a smile spread on her lips. Her dark eyes flicked to me, intense and challenging. She was my age, seventeen, her body tall and lean, athletic but still very feminine. She had toned legs and arms. She boiled my veins with the look she gave me.

Hey, she said. I do so love a beautiful sight in the morning.

So do I, I said, not going to get tripped up. I never thought of myself as beautiful, but I wouldn't tell her that. If she wanted to ogle me, she could ogle away.

Then her head turned to Mount Rainier to the east, the glaciers covering the large volcano thrusting high above the rest of the Cascade Mountains. That's a glorious sight to see every day.

My eyes fell on her round breasts bouncing and jiggling. Mmm, definitely. Nothing like a pair of impressive peaks.

I feel like we're talking about two different things, she said and glanced at me. Her eyes went low. Though that is impressive. Just thrusting up.

I smiled, becoming aware of just how hard my dick had become. It bulged my tight shorts. Every morning, it's a sight to behold.

Nadia laughed. 

At the next intersection, I had to turn right. If we kept running, we'd reach the school. To my delight, she turned with me. I had no idea where she lived. But it had to be close. Unless she was in the dorms. But if she were, why was she moving away from the school?

You like attending St. Maria Theodora? I asked her, our feet smacking on the ground. The burn in my thighs felt great. 

I'm so fortunate to have the opportunity, she said. I'm one of those scholarship girls.

Athletic? I asked. You must kick ass on the track and field team.

You should try out, she said. Be our captain. Inspire us all to run as fast as possible.

So I should wait at the finish line with my cock out all ready to be sucked on by the winner.

Nadia laughed, a throaty and wicked thing, full of boiling passion. Oh, that would be motivation. I haven't had the pleasure of sucking your cock.

Yet.

So it's going to happen? 

Eventually, I said. We took another right onto my street, though we had a few blocks to go to get back to my house. My time jogging was coming short. I'm sure we'll find some free time in PE.

While Coach Bennett and the other girls watch, getting all envious that I'm sucking on your dick. Nadia licked her lips, wetting them.

Most of them, I said.

Her face tightened for a moment. That bitch Asra. You're not worried about her at all.

She just needs to get laid, I said. I'll find the right girl to lick her pussy and distract her.

How generous of you. Nadia's smile flashed naughtily. It won't be me. I prefer cock.

Which means you still like pussy? I asked.

If there's cock involved. She drifted closer to me. Her shoulder almost touched. If the right cock's involved.

My dick throbbed as we jogged past Regina's house and reached my own. I slowed to a stop at the driveway. She went a few steps beyond me and then stopped, too. Her breast rose and fell in her tank top. A sheen of perspiration covered her face. It gave her an exciting look, flushed and steamy and ready for more action.

This is my house, I said. I'd love to jog more, but I have to get ready for school.

She sighed. Me, too. I have to get to the dorms and change.

Well, I said, grabbing her hand and drew her closer to me, if you were to shower with me, why, you wouldn't have to return to the dorms so fast.

She arched an eyebrow. So bold. You think I'll hop in just like that.

I slid my hand around her back to cup her ass. I pulled her the last step to me. I pressed my hardon into her. You're the one that was appreciating my mountain this morning. He rose proud. Don't you want a closer look?

The passion flashed to hot steam in her eyes, the geyser erupting. She kissed me hard, her hand shooting between our bodies. She grabbed my cock, squeezing it. She groaned into the kiss and then broke it, the sweetness of her lips lingering on mine.

Sounds like the perfect plan, Corey.

I dragged her inside. I could hear the girls stirring above as I headed for the downstairs bathroom. It had a full shower. I pulled Nadia in and slammed the door shut behind us. I attacked her clothing, ripping up her tank top to find a dark-gray sports bra with a blue stripe running across the middle. Her nipples poked hard.

I unveiled her beautiful tits. I grabbed her breasts, squeezing and kneading them. She shuddered. My thumbs swept over her nipples. Her hips undulated from side to side, steamy passion filling her eyes. 

She kissed me hard, tongue thrusting into my mouth. Her hands shoved down my shorts and boxers. She grabbed my cock. Gripped it. Stroked it. She pumped her hand up and down my body. The pleasure surged to the tip of my cock.

She was an exciting one. My blood boiled.

We ripped off each other's clothes as we kissed. Tops and shorts and underwear spilled off. Our clothing landed across the bathroom, her shorts in the sink, my t-shirt lying on the toilet tank, her panties dangling from the doorknob. She had her black pubic hair shaved in an inviting V that pointed down at her bare pussy lips.

The water hissed on. The heat spilled out, steam dancing around our bodies as I kissed her against the door. Her breasts pressed on my chest. Her tongue danced in my mouth. She moaned, my cock throbbing against her belly, her pubic hair brushing my balls. 

Damn, I panted as I pulled her into the shower. You are going to be a handful, aren't you?

That's the way a woman should be, she answered, her eyes smoldering with passion. If we're not surging over you with our desire, then what's the point?

I laughed as the hot water spilled over our bodies. The steam danced around us. I spun her around and pressed her against the wall of the shower. Her ass gleamed from the water. It splashed on my back and shoulders, the spray jetting past me in narrow streams to graze her as she wiggled that ass at me. She glanced at me over her shoulder.

I am so wet and ready for you, she moaned. We don't have much time, do we?

No, we don't, I groaned, my dick aching to be in her. I smacked her wet ass with my hardon. Got to shower fast in the morning.

I like it fast, she moaned. Hard.

I remember.

I slid the tip of my cock down her butt-cheeks. I nuzzled it between her thighs, felt the heat of her pussy. Her juicy passion soaked it. I groaned and thrust into her warmth. Her silky flesh massaged my tip. 

We moaned together.

Damn, I groaned as I sank into her steamy depths. She had a heat in her. She could keep any man warm in the coldest of winter. I grabbed the soap and lathered up while she stirred her pussy around my cock. Let's get clean.

Mmm, yes, she moaned, squeezing her pussy around my dick. I'll start here. Let me just work my pussy up and down your dick. It'll be sparkling when I'm done. I'll polish it to a bright shine.

I laughed and rubbed the soap up and down my chest, coating me in a thick lather. Then I thrust my sudsy hands around her body and washed up her stomach. I hugged her from behind, scrubbing her back clean as I drew back my hips.

The incredible, wet heat of her pussy gripped my dick. I growled and thrust back into her depths. My balls smacked into her wet flesh. My soapy hands washed up to her round breasts. I grabbed them. Lathered them as my hands slid over them.

I made sure they were clean as I fucked her.

I hammered my cock into her juicy pussy. The water sprayed down on me. I held her tight, her wet hair caressing my face. She moaned and gasped as I rammed into her from behind. Her lithe body wiggled in my arms, rubbing her skin against my soapy chest.

Yes, yes, yes! she gasped. Oh, Corey! You know what you want, don't you?

Right now, I want you! I panted, pumping away at her pussy.

You better, she moaned, that steamy snatch squeezing around me. My cunt better receive all your attention.

My soapy fingers pinched her nipples. Slippery with the lather, they didn't so much as twist them as slide around them. Her pussy clamped down on me anyways, the pleasure surging through my body. I buried deep and hard into her.

What do you think? I growled as I hammered her. 

That you are reveling in my cunt washing your big dick! she moaned, her hips wiggling from side to side, rubbing her butt-cheeks into my crotch. Corey! Corey! You make things so exciting! Oh, yes!

I buried deep and hard into Nadia's pussy. Every stroke into her sent pleasure shooting down my dick. The pleasure built and built. My balls approached that boil, the hot bath of her pussy juices engulfing my cock bringing me closer and closer to erupting in her cunt.

I'd flood her cunt with my steamy jizz. I'd fire it into her. First, I had to orgasm. So I pounded her hard. 

I squeezed her breasts, kneading and playing with those round tits. I covered them in soap as I rammed fast into her cunt. My crotch smacked into her perky ass, burying deep and hard into her. Her moans echoed through the bathroom, her passion building and building towards that explosive release.

Yes, yes, Corey! she moaned. Oh, god, you want me!

Can't you tell? I growled into her ear. I nuzzled in and licked. Don't you feel every inch of that dick filling you up.

Every last inch! she gasped, clenching her cunt around my dick. I'm going to explode on it.

Don't hold back! I panted. I want you. You're going to be mine.

Yours? she gasped in excitement. Are you picking me? Huh?

Yes! I panted, burying into her hard and deep. Damn, Nadia! I want you in my harem!

She gasped and came.

Her pussy convulsed around my cock. Her hot pussy writhed and spasmed, working at my dick. The pleasure rippled down my shaft. I groaned as I buried into her deep and hard. I slammed to the hilt in her snatch, her flesh writhing and rippling around me.

I'll be yours! she moaned. Yes, yes, claim me!

You're fucking mine! I snarled as her orgasm rippled through her. Her boiling flesh writhed around my cock. The pleasure sucked at me. Shit, yes, you are mine!

I buried into her wild pussy and erupted.

I flooded her with my cum. I pumped the jizz into the athletic and beautiful and steamy girl. Her body bucked against me. Her pussy writhed around my dick as I claimed another concubine. I squeezed her round, soapy breasts as the pleasure slammed through my body.

She moaned in delight, her wet pussy milking my cock. Her juicy flesh worked out every spurt of my erupting dick. I pumped my passion into her, a steamy geyser spurting hot spunk into her cunt. She bucked and moaned, her hot snatch pleasing me.

Stars danced before my eyes.

The pleasure hit that wild peak.

Damn, I groaned, leaning against her. Oh, fucking damn, you're amazing, Nadia. One of my girlfriends. My concubines.

Like those two sisters everyone's whispering about?

And more, I said. It's growing fast. So many exciting girls.

Oh, who else are you claiming? she asked.

So many. There's In'am. The Si'lat whore should be waiting for me out front of the school, carrying out my special instructions. Bettie. That submissive slut needed to be made a sex slave. I should have done it yesterday. Zahia. She needed to be educated. The Marid beauty needed me to teach her all about losing her virginity. Vanessa. I was tutoring her in during the lunch break. Maybe I'd include Zahia in that lesson. Ms. Reid. My naughty English teacher had fire in her. And let's not forget the Headmistress. The Ifrit who'd infiltrated the school as its leader was the reason I had no fear of Asra's schemes.

You have been busy, she said. Mmm, the Headmistress, huh? You're really not worried about Asra's photos.

She can take all the pics she wants, we won't be in any trouble. I squeezed her breasts. Damn, we should finish showering before the hot water runs out.

She laughed. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tania Buckley

Look at you go, I said as Havva worked in the kitchen scrambling eggs. You know how to cook.

Of course I do, she said, glancing at me as I fried bacon. She'd refused to touch that. It wasn't halal. Turned out, genies kept that. I guess it made sense. They were from Arabic culture. I learned from my mother.

You're going to make Corey so happy, I said and beamed at her. 

Yeah, she is, my sister Aleah said. She came up with a big smile on her lips. You're going to fit right in. I hope he chooses you.

A look of panic flashed across Havva's face. She darted a hand to her neck. I thought he had. He made me his sex slave.

Aleah bit her lip and flashed a glance at me. I'm sorry, I guess maybe it's still a secret.

Secret? the girl squeaked.

The Jann genie was good at hiding what was going on. Corey probably had to figure this out on his own. It wasn't for Aleah and me to make guesses. I nudged my naked hip into hers. We wore only aprons, of course. How else did you cook for your master?

Don't fret, I said. You're his. He loves you. The way he popped your cherry last night proved it.

I did enjoy being tied up, she said. I had no idea. Being controlled feels so right.

You are going to make him a perfect sex slave, I said. You'll be his. I just know it. You'll get your own collar and everything.

Havva stared at envy at the collar around my neck. It said, Corey's Girl on the shiny plate riveted to the thick band of leather. I never took it off save to shower or go swimming. I wore it underneath my school uniform. Shame I had to wear my blouse buttoned up and a tartan bow tie, but we did look cute in them.

Well, you weren't kidding about a harem, a new voice said.

I glanced over my shoulder and smiled at the naked, black-haired girl. She had a lean and athletic body. That must be the Nadia Master had told us about, the girl he'd fucked in PE. I had no idea when she showed up. 

I thought it was weird you were showering downstairs, Master, I said. Jogging buddy?

Yeah, he said. This is Nadia. She's my new girlfriend.

Oh, Regina said. My blonde friend sat at the table and fidgeted. Another one, Corey?

Don't be jealous, he said. Jennifer's not.

Jennifer, the other naked girl at the table, blushed bright red. Well, I mean, Nadia's cute. And that means we get to play with her, Regina. Doesn't that sound fun.

Sounds fun to me, Nadia said, giving Regina this bold look, all full of steamy challenge.

Regina gave a graceful shrug of her shoulders and leaned back. I guess it does. It certainly makes things interesting.v
The shy virgin had been swallowed by the storm of passion she'd unleashed when she lost her cherry. She had closed herself tight, but now she whirled with desires. She pushed up her glasses and gave an airy smile. 

Yes, it certainly does, Regina said. Sit, sit. Let's make Corey happy. We could make out.

I was so happy that the harem was growing so fast. If I ever saw Kyle Unmei again, I would give him a kiss. On the cheek. He was a great friend to my Master. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Corey Derrickson

Breakfast turned out amazing.

My girls had to shower together and then scrambled to get ready. The hot water heater held out so well, I had a feeling Havva used some sort of genie magic on it. I had the vaguest impression they could do things like that. She was a Jann. Kyle called them submissive. Good wives or something. I bet domestic stuff fell into Havva's area. 

Nadia borrowed Aleah's skirt and Tania's blouse so she had a uniform to wear. She, sadly, had no underwear to go with it. Not that she seemed to mind. My new harem clustered around me on the way to school. Regina clung to my arm, her blonde hair in pigtails. She looked so adorable, but her blue eyes swirled with hidden passion.

Her shyness blowing away last night had been stimulating.

Aleah had my other arm. My chief sex slaveI needed to make that officialhad her auburn hair in pigtails, too. It was a popular style. Tania, walking beside Nadia before us, had her black hair similarly divided and bound in tartan ribbons. The school girls around me were a treat. A bevy of beauties all talking and giggling and enjoying the morning.

We drew looks as we approached the school. Those who commuted to school, which was about half the girls, were passing in carstheir own or driven by parentsor walked to school like I did. They all glanced at me. I felt more than a few envious sights.

Vanessa, the busty brunette I would be tutoring, waved at me from across the road.

Sheila, another brunette, and her friend Briana, a third brunette who had cute freckles, held hands and whispered together.

Hallie strolled before us, a blonde with her hair gathered in an elegant, French braid.

Natiqua and her friend, both girls Black, sauntered by us, giving me bold looks. I winked back at them.

That willowy Asian girl with the blue-black hair blushed when she saw me and trembled.

A black-haired girl whose ass looked great swaying beneath her skirt drew my attention. She walked with a girl with sandy-blonde hair gathered in a simple braid.

Lisa and Ursula were talking beneath a tree when we entered the ground, both brunettes looking adorable. They glanced at me and waved. Ursula blew me a kiss, too.

I loved the attention. I strutted amid my harem. 

We approached the school. Sister Francis Jean wasn't out front like she had been yesterday. Which was a relief to me. That nun didn't like me. She knew I'd fucked Bettie between classes and caused us both to be late to my third period. She tried to get me in trouble with the headmistress, not knowing that Sister Nova Victoria was a sexy Ifrit trying to win my favor.

She pretended to be a nun who couldn't stand her fifteen-year vow of celibacy any longer. Not with such a hot guy attending the all-girls' school she just took over running.

Instead, In'am leaned against the wall. The Si'lat girl, looking like an Arab beauty just like the other three genie candidates, gave me a wild look. Her large breasts strained her crisp, white blouse. It looked a size too small for her. The tails of her tartan bow tie splashed color across her top as they dangled down the slopes of those lush tits. Her skirt looked a tad too short, showing off her dusky thighs. 

Sahib, she moaned in submissive desire. She had waited for me naked in my locker room masturbating with a vibrator. 

Sahib? Jennifer asked.

Are you also his sex slave? Havva asked, her hair covered by a tartan headscarf. Something In'am lacked. Then Havva switched to Arabic and the pair exchanged a rapid conversation. The two were both genies. I bet Havva was establishing her claim to me. I doubt she'd be happy to have such blatant competition.

In'am only smiled larger. Then she turned to me. I obeyed you, Sahib.

She drew up her skirt. The fabric rose higher and higher. My harem all giggled or gasped or sighed in envy as the Si'lat whore exposed her shaved bush and the thick end of the silver vibrator thrusting out of her pussy lips. Her labia clung to the shaft, spread open by it. 

I can turn it on at your command, Sahib, she moaned, her dark eyes flashing, begging me to give it.

Oh, Sir, she's like me, whimpered Havva.

Yes, she is, I said. Shame I had to pick only one of them.

Would you care to use it on me? the Si'lat moaned.

I did. Get to classes, everyone. No reason for the rest of you to get in trouble with the teachers if this takes too long.

Have fun, Corey, Jennifer said. She sounded excited that I had another girl. It'd be hot if you tied her up to your bed.

I loved how Jennifer had accepted the harem. She grabbed Regina and pulled her into the school, the blonde looking like she wanted to stay and play. I had unleashed a whirlwind in her that there was no containing. 

Enjoy her, stud, Nadia said and winked at me. She hooked Aleah. We're both in History, aren't we?

Yeah, Aleah said. Goodbye, Master. Make her beg to be your slave.

Yes, yes, make me beg, Sahib! whimpered In'am, still flashing her twat stuffed with the vibrator at me.

Other girls were seeing as they passed us, blushing and gasping and giggling. It was exciting knowing that they were all witnessing the naughty things my harem got up to. I hoped a few more would be keen to try and join.

How big could it get?

Love you, Master, Tania said, the last of my harem to head inside. Turn that vibrator up to full then order her not to cum! That will drive her wild.

Such a good idea, I said, winking at her.

She grinned back, her green eyes twinkling behind her dainty glasses. I'm just full of them, Master.

Yes, she is, moaned In'am.

As Tania went inside, I reached for the vibrator. But before I could grab it, In'am straightened and shoved down her skirt. A figure in black moved out of the corner of my eye. I tensed as I turned my head to face the nun who'd stepped out of the doors.

Relaxed.

Headmistress, I said.

The Arab nun, her dusky features contrasting with the white wimple that framed her features, faced me. A smile played on her lips as she glanced over at In'am. Sister Nova Victoria shook her head, amusement smoldering in her dark eyes. 

We need to speak, Mr. Derrickson, she said.

Sure, I said. Then I glanced at In'am. I had the Si'lat and the Ifrit right here. If they were truly competing to please me... I think you should talk to In'am as well. She has a vibrator buried in her pussy. Can you believe that?

Her parents told me all about their... issues with her, said the Headmistress. She has a strict curfew in the dorms, don't you?

I can still find time to have my fun, In'am said without a hint of shame or fear. School hours is providing all sorts of interesting possibilities.

She is a naughty Si'lat, isn't she? I asked.

Sister Nova Victoria gave me a strange look. That's an... obscure word from our culture. A being of sexual seduction. She smiled. It is appropriate for her.

Mmm, I think so, I said.

I am surprised you knew it. She gave me an appraising look.

I know a lot. Jann, Marid. I gave her a penetrating look. Ifrit.

She didn't react to being called out, though her eyes smoldered. Then she purred, Both of you, come with me. Let us discuss this matter in private.

The nun led the way. Her black habit hugged her gorgeous rump as she walked, that delicious ass making me ache. In'am clung to me, a big smile on her face, her cheeks flushed darkly. That thick toy must be stirring around in her body.

The main office was right off the hallway. We passed by the secretary's desk where Jennifer was settling down. For the week, she did the office work during the first period. The school used students to do some of the clerical work. She had a big grin on her face.

In trouble already? she asked me, a wicked gleam in her eyes. Her short, brown hair swayed about her face. 

Looks like it, I said. 

The Headmistress gave me a curious look. I just smiled at the Ifrit. She shuddered and kept going. She opened the door to her office. In'am and I slipped inside. The Si'lat clung to me, the scent of her tart pussy filled my nose.

I've been bad, haven't I? I said, grinning at Sister Nova Victoria. 

Yes, you have, the headmistress said. She turned the flat screen monitor on her desk to face me. On it was a picture of me plowing into Nadia from yesterday. You could see my ass clenching, Nadia pinned to the fence as I fucked her. She tapped the keyboard, and the next showed me pulling out, clear evidence of our sex, the school-issued gym shorts around our ankles. A third pic showed Nadia turned all the way around to face the camera, her breasts lush and round. A student sent these to Sister Francis Jean. She forwarded these to me with demands that I expel you.

But you're not going to do that, I said, loosening my tie. Not when I have the only cock in school. That dick you crave sliding into your pussy.

Oh, god, and you call me a Si'lat? moaned In'am. This is juicy. The Headmistress? Love it.

I told Sister Francis we can't prove this happened during classes, Sister Nova Victoria told me, and it's really none of our business if you and Nadia have a sexual relationship outside of school. That those sort of morality rules wouldn't hold up in the modern era.

I bet she was livid, I said, my tie sliding off. I dropped it to the floor.

Oh, she was, the older woman moaned, her body undulating. It's why I told her I would be keeping a close watch on you. Make sure you didn't corrupt any more of the young women attending our august school.

Look what he did to me, Headmistress, In'am moaned. She yanked up her skirt. He made me come to school with this big, thick vibrator buried in my pussy. It makes me soooo wet. I just want to cum, and he won't let me.

Yet, I said, unbuttoning my dress shirt.

So you'll be moving into the dorms, the headmistress said. They're attached to the convent. I picked a room that is adjacent to the connecting door, she said. It's, coincidentally, by my cell. I'll be able to monitor your comings and goings. Make sure no lost lambs wander into your lair.

My grin grew. The dorms... All those girls. I expect you in my bed waiting for me tonight. That way, you can make sure I'm a perfect gentleman to those women who call on me.

She shuddered. Yes, Mr. Derrickson, I'll be there. Oh, and it's a special dorm. One that used to house the student council. It's more an apartment. It has several rooms off a meeting room. Like a living room. The idea was for them to be close together and bond, have a place to gather after hours and discuss ways to improve the school. Aleah and Tania were assigned to the other rooms.

You should make sure Regina gets one, too, I said, untucking my shirt and pulling it off. I bared my muscular chest. I'm sure her parents will be thrilled that she has the opportunity to stay in the dorms.

The Headmistress arched an eyebrow. Regina...?

What was her last name? She's a sophomore. New student. Blonde, pigtails, glasses. I'm sure you'll figure it out.

I'll take care of it, the nun purred, her eyes smoldering as I attacked my gray slacks. She shivered. You know, I'm supposed to be the one in charge here.

I grinned at her as I shoved down my jeans, my cock tenting the front of my boxers. Why aren't you then?

She shivered. You know why, Mr. Derrickson.

Say it, I said, kicking off my loafers before peeling off my pants.

Because I want to worship your cock, she moaned, trembling. Oh, god, I can't believe I went fifteen years without enjoying one.

That sounds insane, the Si'lat moaned. Well, good thing he's here to please you. My Sahib knows how to make a woman cum.

Yes, he does, moaned Sister Nova Victoria. The Ifrit groaned as I thrust down my boxers and exposed my cock. Her tongue flicked over her lips. 

You're going to make sure I get to have all my fun, I said. Sister Francis and Asra won't stop it, will they?

No, she moaned. I'll run interference with the board of trustees and the archdioceses. I'll cover up all the girls you want to fuck, just don't neglect me.

I won't, I said. I glanced at In'am. Use that little gift on her naughty cunt. I bet the Headmistress has never felt a vibrator churning her up.

Gladly, Sahib, the submissive and slutty Si'lat said. She ripped the vibrator out of her cunt, her tartan skirt falling about her thighs. She held it up, her juices gleaming on it. 

Sister Nova Victoria grabbed the hem of her black robe. She drew it up and up her thighs, showing off the dark nylons covering her lush legs. The older woman trembled as she kept drawing up her habit. My dick throbbed. I stroked it as she stared at the wicked schoolgirl.

In'am turned on the vibrator. 

Sister Nova Victoria gasped and yanked her robes up, exposing the thigh-high stockings held up by a lacy, black garter belt. She had no panties on, her shaved pussy on display. Juices coated her vulva, a spicy aroma mixing with the tart passion coming from In'am.

The nun set down on her desk, legs spread wide. She kept it bare of everything but the computer monitor, mouse, and keyboard. She leaned back on it, giving In'am access to her juicy pussy. My dick throbbed hard.

I advanced on In'am as she bent over. Her skirt just fell over her rump, the fabric swaying about her thighs. I had to fuck that Si'lat slut. The humming sound of the vibrator changed. The headmistress gasped. Pleasure crossed the nun's face.

In'am! she moaned. Oh, you are a Si'lat slut, aren't you?

I am, the submissive Arab girl purred. And though I love cock, I enjoy pussy, too.

The headmistress shuddered again. Had In'am licked her. I bet she had. The sound of the vibrator grew muffled. The nun gasped, her wimple-wrapped face twisting in pleasure. Her black veil danced around her shoulders.

I threw up In'am's skirt, exposing her pussy lips. Her cunt had mostly sealed tight, but her lips still had a slight gap to them, showing off her pink depths. Her juices soaked her vulva, her clit hard. I pressed my cock against her juicy snatch, rubbing up and down.

She purred in delight, wiggling her hips. Then she gasped as I slid my tip into her cunt.

But just the tip.

She whimpered and moaned, her flesh squeezing around me. The headmistress moaned, loving the naughty things In'am did to her. The Si'lat wiggled her hips, stirring her pussy around the tip of my cock. Then she pushed back, swallowing another inch of my cock in her hot depths.

Sahib, she whimpered. You are such a tease.

Isn't he? Sister Nova Victoria moaned. She licked her lips. Mmm, what are you doing to that poor girl? She's moaning into my pussy.

Not fucking her, I said. Just giving her a taste.

Such a big taste, the girl moaned. Her pussy squeezed around my cock. Please, please, Sahib, fuck me!

Fuck you, huh? I asked. But I already had pussy from Nadia this morning.

The headmistress laughed. So you have fucked her off the school grounds and not in the middle of PE?

I winked at her. Maybe she should move into my new dorm apartments, too.

Maybe.

Sahib! groaned the Si'lat. Please, please, Sahib, this is torture. I don't care what you do to me, but, please, fuck me!

I almost denied her, but I did want to fuck her. I wanted to have a great cum before I had to go to my math class. I pulled my cock out of her pussy and slid it up her taint, smearing her pussy juices across her dusky flesh. I pressed between the bottom sweep of her butt-cheeks and stopped on that naughty hole.

I thrust hard.

Her anal ring hardly resisted.

Her slutty asshole devoured my cock. I sank into her warm, velvety heaven. She moaned into the headmistress's pussy. My dick throbbed as more and more of that delicious asshole swallowed me. The friction gusted rapture down my cock to my balls. They brimmed with excitement. My cum. 

I bottomed out in her, my red bush rubbing against her dusky asscheeks.

As I drew back my cock, the sound of the vibrator oscillated. Loud and soft. Loud and soft. I could hear the rate at which she fucked it in and out of the nun's pussy, burying that humming toy to the hilt in her before sliding it back out.

Just like I fucked in and out of her tight asshole.

The pleasure swept through me with every stroke into the submissive Si'lat's asshole. I buried into her again and again. The pleasure brimmed in me. This heat surged to the tip of my cock over and over. The pleasure swelled and swelled in me. My dick slammed to the hilt in her bowels. My balls smacked into her taint.

Yes, yes, Sahib! she moaned. Fuck my ass! Fuck my naughty, slutty asshole! Oh, yes, I bet that's making your dick feel amazing. Kess ommak! 

You dirty girl! gasped the nun. Don't say such vile things.

I'm eating your pussy, Headmistress, In'am moaned. I think that allows me to do things like this.

The vibrator hummed louder. I heard wild sucking sounds as the toy plunged in and out of the headmistress's cunt. Sister Nova Victoria's wimple-wrapped face burst with delight. She shuddered and moaned, trembling on the desk.

I fucked In'am's tight asshole harder. Faster. I loved the delight my Si'lat gave to my Ifrit. I pounded hard into her asshole. Fast. I buried to the hilt in the whore's bowels over and over. My balls cracked into her flesh, heavy with my cum.

Oh, Lord, I'm such a sinful nun! My sweet lamp is reaming my cunt with her toy! In'am! That vibrator is going to send me over the edge and... and... Keep sucking on my clit.

Make her cum! I growled, drilling my cock hard and deep into In'am's bowels. My orgasm swelled faster. Her tight flesh gripped me. I want the headmistress drowning your face in her cum.

The girl whimpered and moaned. She sucked with noisy passion. Her bowels clenched around my cock. Her butt-cheeks jiggled from the force of my impacts. I plowed deep and hard into her. I fucked her with all my strength.

It was incredible to enjoy. To savor burying into her again and again. I plundered her bowels. I loved every second of burying into her hot flesh. I reveled in it. The pleasure surged through me. It brought me closer and closer to that moment of eruption.

To cumming in her delicious bowels with every drop of my spunk.

Oh, my god, yes! I grunted, pumping away hard and fast. Let me feel that asshole spasming around me.

I'm going to cum so hard! whimpered In'am. After I make you cum, Headmistress.

Do it, little lamb! gasped the nun. I had no idea a girl's lips could feel so amazing on my pussy.

I watched Sister Nova Victoria's face twisting with rapture as she stared at me. The nun whimpered and groaned. Her eyes burned with bliss. She shuddered, her head arched back. She bit her lip. Her moans echoed through the room. They were incredible to hear.

I loved every moment of listening to them as I sodomized my Si'lat. Then the nun gasped. She shook her head, her black veil dancing over her shoulders and swaying around her white wimple. Her face burst with delight.

Oh, Lord, I am such a sinful creature, but I love this!

She bucked on the desk, lost to her orgasmic rapture. In'am moaned. I could hear her licking and lapping as she stirred the vibrator around inside the nun's pussy. The change in pitch and intensity of the buzzing toy excited me more and more.

The nun fell back on her elbows, bumping into her computer monitor. She arched her head back. Her veil fell off as she cried out her pleasure. She bucked and trembled through her bliss, lost to the pleasure of her orgasm.

I loved it when my women came.

Sahib! gasped the Si'lat. Oh, yes, yes! Sahib, I made her cum! I obeyed you!

Her asshole exploded around my cock. Her flesh writhed and spasmed. I savored every moment of her bowels convulsing around me. Sucking at me. I buried to the hilt in her, the rapture surging through my body.

I unloaded into In'am's asshole.

My cum fired again and again into her depths. I pumped her full of my jizz. The pleasure surged through me. Stars danced before my eyes. Her asshole convulsed around my cock, milking me. Drawing out my jizz.

Yes, yes, Sahib! she moaned. Oh, I love it when you cum in me! Yes, yes, I'm you're Si'lat slut! Kess!

You are mine! I groaned, wishing I could keep her and Havva and Sister Nova Victoria and Zahia. The genies were all amazing. 

I panted as my jizz pumped out of me. My pleasure hit that crescendo and then died down to swirling rapture. My chest rose and fell, my heart hammering in my chest. In'am's asshole spasmed a few more times around my dick. Like me, her rapture dwindled.

Damn, I groaned. That was a good meeting, Headmistress.

Lord, it was, she purred, her voice brimming with satiated heat.

So good, whimpered In'am.

You two should get to class before the tardy bell rings, the Headmistress panted. 

Tonight, I'll reward you for what you've done, I said, winking at the nun.

She shuddered in delight.

And me, Sahib? In'am asked.

Why, you're one of my sex slaves, I said. You and Havva are going to have so much fun serving me. I would have three of the four genie candidates in my room tonight. I had to make it all four. Zahia had to show up, too, so I could give her the final lesson.

My dick throbbed as I dressed. In the outer office, Jennifer had a flush look on her face. My girlfriend lifted her hand, showing off her fingers covered in her pussy cream. I grinned at her and leaned over the desk, smelling her tart musk.

I heard you, she said. I couldn't resist.

God, I love you, I told her and kissed her on the mouth.

I was glad Jennifer had her fun.

I sent In'am to her class with the vibrator jammed back in her cunt. My dick throbbed as I rushed to my Math class taught by Sister Ester Sarah. I hurried, not wanting to be late. The halls were almost empty.

Almost.

How did your meeting with the Headmistress go? a cold voice asked. It brimmed with malice.

Amazing, I said, glancing at Asra. Afraid, you'll have to take better pictures. Not against the rules for Nadia and me to hook up after classes, is it.

Asra, the goth girl lesbian, glared at me. She wore fishnet stockings on her pale thighs that vanished beneath her tartan skirt. Her black lips pursed. She flexed her fingers, nails also painted black. Instead of flats or heels, she wore heavy boots. She'd look sexy if she didn't want to rip my face off and eat it.

You fucked her during class.

Did I? I asked. What proof was there in the picture?

I'll have the coach corroborate that you two slipped off, she said and marched away.

There's another solution, I called out to her. I can hook you up with what you want.

She spun around, her black hair dancing about her face. You have no idea what I want.

Sure I do. What girl do you want in your bed? I'll make sure that she keeps you warm for hours.

Asra hissed like a vicious cobra then launched herself at me, fury in her eyes.

What is going on here! a loud voice crackled. It brimmed with fiery anger. Miss Duff! Mr. Derrickson! What is going on?

Ms. Reid marched up, her auburn hair sweeping about the shoulders left bare by her low-cut top. Her ample cleavage bounced with her steps. My English teacher glowered at Asra. The goth girl thrust her hands behind her back and glared daggers at the teacher.

Nothing, Ms. Reid, she spat.

Then you should have no reason not to be in your class, Ms. Reid said, her coal-black eyes blazing behind her glasses. Her dark-ash skirt clung to her legs as she widened her stance and planted hands on her hips. Her breasts jiggled in her light-gray blouse. It looked like she forgot a bra, her nipples hard, the impression of nipple rings clear through the cloth. Go!

Yes, Ms. Reid. Asra whirled and stamped off, her boots thudding on the floor.

The teacher shook her head. She's a handful, isn't she?

I guess so, I said. I grinned at the busty teacher. Yesterday, Ms. Reid jerked me off on her pussy in the middle of class, right under the noses of the other students. I came all over her shaved twat. She didn't like wearing underwear. I can't be loved by every student in school, can I?

No, you can't, she said, her eyes now simmering. Mmm, I can't wait for the next period. I'll have a special assignment for you, Mr. Derrickson. I hope you won't disappoint me.

I smacked her ass as she sauntered by. I never do.

She laughed and my dick throbbed. I couldn't wait for math class to end. English sounded so much more interesting to study.

To be continued...
