Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 5

Dinner was amazing and Madison had not eaten food that good in a long time. She put her napkin down and leaned back, holding her full tummy.

Was it good? Brad asked.

It was amazing, Katie, you are such a good cook. Madison said and Katie laughed.

Oh sweetie, you are so cute. I had nothing to do with this dinner, we have a wonderful cook, Mrs. Golden, but I will pass on your compliment. Katie said.

Oh, sorry. Madison said.

Thank you for assuming I could do this. Now, what do you say we take a swim before the movie? Katie said.

Ok. Madison said.

Katie jumped up and grabbed Madison by the hand.

We will meet you at the pool. Can you have Aaron bring some wine out? Katie said as Madison stood.

Sure thing honey. Brad said.

Madison followed Katie into a bedroom. It was huge and beautiful. She looked and there were two swimsuits on the bed.

I hope you dont mind, I bought you a suit. Katie said.

Thank you but you didnt have to, I packed some. Madison said.

I figured but I didnt want to take any chances. The red one you wore to the cookout was great. I think you will like this one too. Katie said and held up a yellow bikini.

Katie sat on the bed and pulled Madison between her legs. She reached up and started to unbutton Madisons shirt. Madison flinched and Katie smiled.

Relax, its just us girls, and I saw them already if you remember. Katie said and continued to unbutton.

Madison remembered the cookout and sitting in the hot tub as two older men stared at her breasts. She took a deep breath and stood still as Katie finished and pulled her shirt out of her skirt and then off her arms. Before she could react, Katie reached around and popped her bra. She pulled it off and Madison put her hands over her chest. Katie grabbed Madisons arms and slowly pulled them away from her chest. Madison took another deep breath as Katie looked at her bare chest.

Sweetheart, they are so beautiful. Katie said and ran her hand over a firm young breast.

Madison felt the soft hand touch her breast and then softly touch her nipple, she gasped. Katie smiled and took both of Madisons boobs in her soft hands. She flicked the nipples with her thumbs and the young girl fought to keep standing on shaky legs.

Madison closed her eyes to try and focus and then felt a warm wetness on her nipple. She looked down to see Katie kissing her nipple and running her tongue over it. Madison had never felt anything so wonderful in her short life. She tried to slow her breathing as she watched the girl kiss on her chest.

Katie used every ounce of patience and self-control she had to pull her lips off of the young girls tits. She moved her hands down and popped the button on the jean skirt. She pulled down the zipper and then let it drop. It fell down over Madisons ankles and Katie thought she had never seen a more perfect picture. A perfect young girl topless with her skirt gathered around her ankles and wearing pink panties with little blue flowers.

She paused and then pulled the pink panties down. The young girl seemed to be in shock a little as Katie stripped her. Katie struggled to not go into shock herself as she looked at the perfect little body. The firm little titties, the tight stomach and then the smooth pussy sitting between two powerful thighs. She noticed a few dark hairs as she ran her fingers softly over the smooth skin, but they were small and soft. She heard Madison moan and she felt the little body shiver under her fingers. She took a deep breath and picked up the bikini bottoms. She slid them up the smooth legs and slipped them over that precious ass. They fit perfect and hugged the young girl.

Katie picked up the top and covered up those cute tits. She leaned back and smiled. The suit was perfect, cute and not too small. It covered everything but looked smoking hot on the little package in front of her.

Madison stepped back and looked at her suit. It felt great and looked really good. She had never had a yellow suit, but it looked good against her bronze skin.

Your turn. Katie said and Madison looked to see Katie sitting on the bed looking at her.

Madison stepped forward and started to unbutton the white shirt. She thought this was incredibly exciting, she had never undressed a girl before, even at a sleepover. She had seen Sam naked before, but she was never the one that made her that way. She thought of her cute friend and wondered what it would feel like to do this to her. He pulled her brain back from her fantasy and opened all the buttons and pulled off the shirt.

Katie was wearing a sheer blue lace bra and it was working hard to hold in her wonderful boobs. Katie pointed to the middle of her bra and Madison noticed the clasp was on the front. She put her small fingers on the clasp and popped it. She stepped back a little as the bra sprang open and Katies perfect boobs were right there in front of her. They were pretty on the computer screen, but the picture did not do them justice. They were so firm but looked natural and the nipples were small and pink and really stiff. Katie took Madisons hand and pulled it to her chest. Madison felt the soft warm skin as her hand was placed over Katies breast. Katie moved her hand away and Madison kept her hand in place.

Go ahead, feel them. Katie said.

Madison squeezed the breast gently and it felt so soft but yet so firm. She put her other hand on the other one and then she started massaging both of Katies breasts. It felt so different from anything she had ever done in her life, but she felt a shiver in her thighs as she rubbed. Madison looked up to see Katie smiling at her.

Katie held out her top and Madison helped her put it on. She again marveled at how firm Katies boobs were and looked down at her own, she wondered if hers would ever get as nice as the ones she just handled. Katie stood up and pulled her shorts and panties down. Madison saw a smooth pussy that looked a lot like hers, but just a little more grown up and the lips were open slightly so she could see a little pink inside. She was pulled out of her trance as Katie pulled up her bottoms.

Katie looked down at the young girl and was amazed that she was so calm. She had been worried that she was too young and would freak out a little, but she seemed to be taking everything in stride so far. She licked her lips and wondered how long she would have to wait to truly taste her charms.

She took Madisons hand and led her out of the room and the house and out towards the pool. Madison looked around and remembered all the people that were out here the last time she was here. It felt so much different now, it was calm and peaceful. She laughed as Katie jumped in the water and the water splashed over her. She jumped in as well and it felt great. She loved pools and this one was magnificent.

They swam for a while and then Katie got out and laid on a lounge. Madison hung on the side of the pool and watched Mr. Thompson bring Katie a glass of wine and then bend down and kiss her. She saw him touch her breast lightly and rub it a little. She saw the nipple harden and poke out of the suit as he sat back in his chair. She thought they looked really happy and hoped she would be so happy when she got a boyfriend. They both looked at her and smiled at the same time. She realized she was making them happy as well and that was good for her daddy. Maybe she could help him after all. She was proud of herself being such a grownup and helping her daddy. He told her she had helped him get the job but now she was truly helping by making Mr. Thompson and Katie happy.

She climbed out and sat in the lounge next to Katie. She noticed Mr. Thompson walk over to a table near the door. Aaron was standing there, still in his work suit. He looked so official, then she saw him look at her and smile. She smiled back at him; he was a nice man. Mr. Thompson pulled a wine bottle out of a container of ice and poured another glass. He walked over and handed it to her. She looked at him a little confused and he nodded and smiled. She remembered the last time she drank wine with them and hoped she could handle it a little better this time.

Mr. Thompson leaned over her and kissed her softly on the lips. He pulled away and she looked up at him.

Go ahead sweetie, practice what we learned. Brad, try again. Katie said and took a sip of wine.

Brad leaned over the young girl and kissed her again. He felt her open her mouth a little and her tongue pushed into his mouth. He wrapped his tongue around hers and they kissed hard for about 10 seconds. He felt his cock start to harden. This little minx was unbelievable. He pulled away and her mouth stayed open for a second, she looked so fucking sweet and hot. He reached down and rubbed her little boob. He felt the nipple harden under his fingers.

Good girl, that was nice. Was that your first kiss with a boy. Katie asked.

Madison remembered having to kiss someone at a birthday party, but it was not anything like that. Now she was not sure if it even qualified as a kiss. She looked at Katie and nodded.

Brad, you were her first kiss. Arent you lucky? Katie giggled.

He sat back in his chair and continued to be surprised by the little one. He looked at her tight body and pretty legs. He moved his cock around as it continued to harden. As he was adjusting himself, he saw Katie untie her top and drop it next to her lounge. His breath caught in his throat, he never got tired of looking at those tits.

Madison watched Katie take off her top. She felt like that was probably the norm around here as she remembered how many ladies took off their tops at the party. Katie looked at her and made a movement with her head. She wanted her to take off her top as well. Madison was a little stunned but then thought it was obviously a grownup thing to do and she pulled the strings and dropped her top next to her chair as well. She tried to stay calm, she remembered that they both has already seen her boobs, in addition to Mr. Smith and Mr. Jackson. All of a sudden, she realized that that more people had seen her breasts in the last 3 days than in her whole life. She leaned back and tried to act as normal as possible.

Brad felt his cock try to jump out of his pants as he looked at Katies awesome tits and then a pair of small handfuls of potential on the young girl. He tried to think of baseball and failed and then got up and dove into the pool. Katie laughed.

You made him do that. Katie said to Madison.

What? Madison responded, confused.

You got him so excited he had to jump in to cool off. Katie said and took another sip of wine.

No way, he wasnt looking at me with you sitting there. Madison said and took a sip, she felt the warmth of the alcohol flow through her.

Darling, believe me, he was looking at you. Your tits are magnificent, and your little body is amazing. Katie said.

Madison smiled and then thought about what Katie said. She did remember how Mr. Jones had looked at her when she was in the wet shirt. He had the same look in his eyes that Mr. Thompson just had.

Maybe she was pretty enough to look at, at least for older guys. The boys at school had never looked at her like that. She took another sip of wine and leaned back her head. She closed her eyes and felt more like an adult than she ever had in her short life.

Brad Thompson swam until his erection calmed down and then crawled out of the pool. He noticed the girls were asleep and he marveled again at how pretty they both were but yet so drastically different. Katie was a sexpot, incredible tits and ass and she knew exactly how to use them. She was also not afraid of her sexuality which Brad found so refreshing.

Then there was Madison, his eyes moved over her perfect face, innocent and clean, then to her developing tits, small compared to Katies but big enough to be noticeable and attractive. Then he looked at that tight stomach, the beauty of youth, and then to her hips, just starting to widen but still slim and perfect on top of those magnificent legs. This was where the young girl was equal to Katie, her legs were smooth and powerful and made his crotch tighter every time he looked at them. Then he noticed her cute feet, he resisted the temptation to just kiss each of those little toes or blast a load of cum over them and watch it run down those pretty feet. He rubbed his crotch and walked up to get a towel.

Pretty scenery today? Brad said to Aaron as he grabbed a towel.

Yes sir, absolutely. Aaron said and smiled.

Aaron had seen Katies tits before but the little one was constantly surprising him. How she could go from a cute kid to a fucking smokeshow in seconds was incredible.

Brad was finishing with the towel as he saw his phone ringing. He looked at the screen and noticed it was Henry.

Henry, how is training going? Brad said.

Great, learning a lot and excited to start when I get back. Henry answered.

That sounds great, I was right in recommending you to the board, keep up the good work. Brad said.

How is Madison, I really miss her. Henry asked.

She is great, you have a good kid there. We had a nice dinner and then her and Katie took a turn in the pool. They are both snoozing on lounges at the moment. Brad said as he walked back over to the girls.

Great, was she ok with coming to your house and all? Henry asked with concern.

She seemed to adjust well; she did her homework first thing. She seems comfortable. She did ask me to let her walk home and have us pick her up there. I think she was a little uncomfortable getting into the big limo in front of school. Brad said with a chuckle.

Yeah, that sounds like her. Can I talk to her? Henry said.

Sure, hold on. Brad said and stepped over to Madison.

He touched her on the thigh, and she opened her eyes.

Hey, sleepy girl, daddy wants to talk to you. Brad said and held out the phone.

Madison sat up quickly, unaware of how her breasts bounced as she grabbed the phone. Brad thought it was incredibly hot to see the young girl talk to her daddy as he stared at her young firm boobs.

Hey daddy, how is training going? Madison asked, excited.

Good baby, how are you doing, you sure you are ok staying there? Henry asked.

Yes, daddy, I am fine. Do not worry, Mr. and Mrs. Thompson have been very nice. Madison said and looked up at Mr. Thompson, he was looking at her with that look in his eyes again and she remembered she was topless.

That is great sweetheart, I am so proud of you. We are going to be back together soon. Thank you so much for being brave and strong through all of this. Henry said.

Madison felt her body get lighter as her daddy spoke, she felt so good about begin able to help him as he worked to get their life back in shape.

Thank you, daddy, I miss you. She said.

I miss you too baby girl. You have a great night, and I will talk to you tomorrow. Henry said.

You too daddy, good night. Madison said.

Good night sweetheart. Henry said and hung up the phone.

Henry held the phone and thanked God that his daughter was so good. She could have turned out a lot different after her mother left them. He considered himself very lucky.

Madison handed Mr. Thompson back his phone and covered her boobs with her arm. He took her arm gently and moved it.

Do not ever be ashamed of your body sweetheart, it is beautiful. He said and caressed her young breasts.

She tried to stay calm as he rubbed on her boobs, it felt good, but she still wondered why. Shouldnt she be afraid of an older man feeling her boobs? She hadnt even let a boy see her boobs much less touch them. She wondered if her friends ever did anything like this. Boy, would Samantha be surprised when she told her. She thought about her friends again. Mr. Thompson stood up and walked back over to the deck.

Hey, I am going to take a shower, we need to get out of these wet suits. Katie said and stood up, holding their tops in one hand and reaching out her other hand.

Madison took her hand and stood up. Katie led her over the deck and into the house. They walked right past Aaron. She saw him look at her, damn, there was another one. Pretty soon her boobs were gonna be on TV. Madison walked through a house for the first time without a shirt and she thought it didnt feel so bad. They walked into the bathroom, Katie knelt on the floor and before she could react she had untied her bottoms and pulled them off. Madison was naked and looked down at Katie.

My God, you are so perfect. I could just eat you up right here. Katie said and wrapped her arms around the young goddess.

Madison felt Katies lips on hers and she opened her mouth. Their tongues wrapped around each other and the young girl felt a tingle in her thighs again as she kissed the beautiful girl. Katie broke the kiss after 10 seconds and looked down.

Are you having a good time, are we making you nervous or scared? Katie asked.

I am ok. Madison said in a small voice.

Ok, but if you ever get uncomfortable with anything you tell me. Katie said.

Madison nodded. Katie opened the shower door and turned her around. She slapped her butt and Madison jumped and giggled. She stepped into the huge shower and then felt Katie right behind her. She turned and Katie was also naked. Her body was perfect, and Madison felt a little tinge of devalue as she thought about what her little body looked like in comparison.

Katie turned and started to adjust the water; Madison looked at her butt. It was tight like hers but bigger which made it look even firmer as it stood out. Katie stepped aside and the warm water struck Madiosn in the chest, and she stepped into it and closed her eyes. She liked to let the water hit her in the head and run down her body.

Katie sat on the bench and took in the site before her. It looked like a movie scene, a beautiful girl with water running over her perfect body. She especially liked the way the water ran over that little ass. It was tight and stuck out from the slim body. She wished she could just take a picture; she had never seen anything so hot in her life and here she was with a front row seat.

Madison turned and looked at Katie sitting on the bench and smiled. So many things had happened to her in the last couple of weeks but now she was sharing a shower with one of the prettiest women she had ever met. She blinked and made sure this was not a dream. Katie reached for the sponge and soaped it up. She looked at Madison and held up her finger, motioning for her to step forward. Madison smiled and stepped toward the pretty girl.

Katie slowly and methodically ran the soapy sponge over the tight little body in front of her. She started with the cute feet and then over the strong young legs. She was kneeling and staring at the small pussy and licking her lips. She resisted and ran the sponge lightly over it. Then she worked up the tight stomach and over her chest. She finished and then turned her around and ran the sponge over the back of her body, she did spend a little more time to make sure that tight little ass was very clean.

She stepped back and pushed Madison back under the water. She sat back down and watched again as the water ran over the young girl, washing away the soap and making Katies pussy tingle. She stepped up and grabbed the shampoo. She turned the girl around and then shampooed the long dark hair. She finished and turned the girl around and sat down. She watched her raise her arms and start to rinse the shampoo out. God Damn, she was so fucking pretty and perfect. Katie touched her pussy gently and moaned a little. She would need Brad tonight and maybe multiple times. This little one had her so flustered.

Madison finished rinsing her hair and Katie walked up to her and hugged her. Madison felt the touch of their skin and it felt so different to be hugging a naked girl. Her head was between those wonderful boobs again but this time she could really feel them without any clothes in the way. She liked it better this way. She felt Katie hug her harder.

Katie loved having Madison body against hers. She loved to hug girls and feel skin on skin but this little one was special, and it felt so good she didnt ever want to let go. She forced herself to let go and stepped back. She opened the door and turned the girl towards it.

The towels are in the cabinet next to the sink. Get out of here and let me finish. I will meet you in the living room, get in your jammies and we can watch a movie. Katie said and slapped that cute butt.

Madison jumped from the slap on her butt and stepped out of the shower. She grabbed a soft towel and started to dry herself off. She wrapped the towel around her body and stepped out of the bathroom. She was walking to her room and then Mr. Thompson came up the stairs.

You all clean? he asked as he looked at her in a towel

Yes, sir. She said.

He thought he had never seen a cuter thing than her standing there in that towel, her wet hair over her pretty shoulders. The towel almost went down to her knees, he chuckled as he thought of how different Katie looked in that same towel.

Is Katie still in the shower? Brad asked.

Yes, sir, she told me to get my jammies on and meet her in the living room. She said.

That sounds like a perfect plan. I will make some popcorn. Brad said and smiled.

She moved past him, and he took a deep breath, the smell of innocence and youth felt good as he took it in. He turned and walked to the bathroom. He went in and noticed through the glass that Katie was sitting on the bench. He smiled and quickly stripped, his cock hard and rigid as the image of that towel was still in his head. He opened the door and saw his young wife on the bench with her legs spread and her fingers moving over her clit. Her eyes were closed, and now he had seen two incredibly hot things in a matter of seconds.

He knelt in front of her and grabbed her arms. He pulled them away from her crotch and replaced them with his tongue. Her pussy was on fire as he licked through the soft lips and up to the small clit. He felt her hands on his head as she pulled him into her.

Katie was in bliss; she could not get the image of that cute ass with water running over it out of her head and now her husband was doing his magic between her legs. She loved the way he ate pussy, and she was in desperate need of his tongue right now. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath as she felt the wonderful tongue moving expertly between her legs.

Brad loved the way his wife tasted, she was fresh and clean, but she had a special flavor that he could not place. He just enjoyed doing this as much as she enjoyed getting it. He looked up at her face and chuckled, well almost as much as she did. He sucked on her little clit and she pushed her hips into him. He noticed her breathing and knew he was close. He held her clit in his teeth and pushed a finger into her hot pussy. She gasped and then he bit gently, and she exploded. He heard her scream and he held on.

Katie felt the blast of pleasure hit her between her legs and explode through her body. She felt herself tighten up and then start to convulse, this was a big one. She grabbed his head and rode out one of the best orgasms she had had in a very long time and there had been quite a few married to this man between her legs.

He felt her relax and he stood up. He grabbed her and turned her to face the wall. She gasped and then he slammed his steel hard cock up into her steaming pussy. He drove deep and held it, loving the tightness and the warmth of her. He could almost feel her heartbeat through her tight pussy. He pulled out slowly, grabbed her hips and started to drill into her. He heard her groan every time he bottomed out and he knew she needed it hard today. He held her and continued to pound her pussy.

Katie felt the huge cock enter her; he had fucked her many times, but it always felt so big when he first shoved it in. She loved it and he did not disappoint. He was hammering her viciously as she was pushed against the wall with every thrust. She felt his fingers digging into her hips as he worked to keep leverage. This felt so good, she loved cock and he had such a great one.

The sound of skin slapping echoed through the shower, him hitting her ass every time he drove in and her tits slapping against the wall as he pushed into her. His cock was ripping into her now and she was just limp in his hands. She was just a piece of meat for him to hammer, she loved this feeling, being dominated by a powerful cock. Her body flopped against the wall and her pussy was pulsing, she felt another orgasm building, this never happened so close together, but it was unmistakable. She worked her hand between the wall and her body and touched her clit. She felt his cock moving in and out with her fingers as she rubbed her clit.

Brad noticed she was on the verge again and he picked up speed. He was brutalizing her pussy and he knew she loved it. He drove deep into her and he felt her start to shake. He pulled out and drove back in even harder and she exploded. He held onto her hips as she convulsed again, and he dumped load after load deep into her.

They both slowed their breathing, and he wrapped his arms around her. He was leaning on her shoulder and he felt her wonderful ass against him.

My god girl, what was that? He asked.

It was wonderful. Thank you. She whispered.

The little one driving you a little nuts? He said with a smile.

You have no idea. She said in a small voice.

Dont worry, she is only here for nine more days. He said and laughed.

He heard her sigh, and he grabbed her ass. He loved her body, but all of a sudden he had the image of Madison bent over his kitchen table and his cock sliding into her. He felt his cock lurch again, but it was spent. She turned around and grabbed it. She rubbed it softly and then grabbed his balls with her other hand. She looked him in the eye.

I am going to suck this cock like a madwoman tonight after that little temptress goes to bed, you ok with that? She said and rubbed the huge cock with her soft fingers.

He nodded enthusiastically and she giggled.

But right now, I have to wash off the scent of sex, so get out of here. She said.

He smiled and stepped back, her fingers slowly sliding off his cock. He loved this woman. He got out of the shower and grabbed a towel. He wrapped it around his waist and walked to his bedroom.

Madison closed her door and pulled the towel off. She rubbed her hair some more and walked over to the dresser. She noticed her reflection in the long mirror behind the door. She stopped and looked at herself. She touched her boobs and felt her nipples. She had never thought of them as attractive, but the Thompsons seemed to really like them. Now that she thought of it, Mr. Jones seemed to really like them as well. I guess they were nice. She ran her fingers over her tummy, she loved the way it was so tight, she noticed the small ponch on a lot of the other girls. It didnt look bad on them, but she liked her tight tummy, she figured her running was keeping her like that and she would keep that up as long as she could.

She stepped to the dresser and pulled out her jammies. They were soft and light blue. The top buttoned in the front and stopped just over her belly button. She slipped it on and buttoned it up. The bottoms were cute and not too short. She liked the way they were soft and not too tight. She normally wore panties under the shorts but tonight she pulled them on without. She walked back to the mirror and made sure they were not too transparent. She knew she had just sat on a lounge outside topless, but she still felt weird wearing something see-through.

Katie slipped on one of Brads t-shirts and a pair of panties. She loved the way his shirts smelled and fit her comfortably. The shirt ran to her mid-thigh, and she knew he liked the way it looked on her. She chuckled as she thought of how hot they both were with Madison around, so she didnt need to make it any hotter but oh well. She pulled her hair back in a ponytail and walked out of the bedroom.

Brad popped the popcorn and filled three bowls. He walked into the living room and he saw Madison sitting on the couch in some cute blue jammies, those pretty legs and feet forced his crotch to tighten again. Katie was standing near the TV, going through the movies. His poor crotch got even tighter as he saw she was wearing one of his T-shirts, he loved that. He handed Madison a bowl and she thanked him.

He sat down and pulled a blanket over his lap. Katie sat on the couch next to Madison and he noticed her pink panties as she crossed her legs. The movie started and everyone got silent, save for the crunching of the popcorn. He noticed Madison and Katie finish their popcorn and put their bowls on the floor. Katie pulled Madison to her and the young girl sat between Katies open legs and leaned back. Katie was leaning back against a cushion with Madison sitting between her legs.

Katie loved the smell of the girls hair and the feel of her soft body against her. She felt small fingers land on her knees as Madison put her hands on Katies legs. Katie ran her fingers through the long dark hair and laid it across the young girls chest. Katie sat still as long as she could and then her arm moved to Madisons stomach and then up under the small pajama top. She felt the girl take a breath as her hand closed over a small breast. She felt the nipple stiffen a little under her hand and she just held the little boob.

Madison sat between Katies legs and watched the movie. She was very comfortable with her hands on Katies legs. Then she felt Katie run her hand under her top and start to caress her breast. It felt good and she felt her body react a bit. She felt a little tingle as Katie ran her hand softly over her chest. She took a deep breath and enjoyed the touch of the warm fingers.

Brad sat in his chair and felt his cock harden slowly as he watched the two girls on the couch. Katies legs were incredible but having them sitting next to Madisons was an abundance of wealth. He rubbed his cock under the blanket and tried to not spray in his lap. He noticed the movie ending.

Time for bed, you have to go to school tomorrow little girl. Brad said.

Madison got up off the couch and Katie groaned. Madison giggled and bent over and kissed Katie.

Good night, thank you guys for a great night. Madison said and looked at Brad.

Mr. Thompson, remember to have Aaron drop me off at my house in the morning so I can walk to school with my friends? Madison asked as she walked over to him.

He put his arm around her waist.

No problem, sweetie. I will let him know in the morning. He said and squeezed her hip.

Thank you so much. She said and leaned over and kissed him on the lips.

He watched her cute little ass walk away and up the stairs. His poor cock was swollen and aching. Katie walked in front of him and smiled. She lifted her shirt to expose her belly and the pretty pink panties.

You ready for bed, big boy? She said and squeezed the shirt in her hands.

He pulled off the blanket, his cock was rock hard and creating a tent in his pajamas.

I guess you are. She said and giggled.

She turned around and stuck her ass out to him, he tried to grab it and then she jumped away. He chased her up the stairs to their bedroom. He caught her as she got through the door and pulled the shirt off of her. She squealed and tried to get away.

Close the door. She whispered as she struggled.

He let her go and closed the bedroom door. When he turned around, she was sitting on the bed, twirling her panties on her finger. He walked up to her and she tossed them on the floor. She pulled his pajama pants down and he stepped out of them. She grabbed his cock with both hands and pulled him closer. She kissed the head softly and licked it slowly with her warm tongue. She looked up at him with his cock on her lips.

You ready for this Mr. Thompson? She said in a little girl voice.

He groaned as she slid her warm mouth over his cock. He felt the back of her throat as she held him in her warmth. Her hand moved down to caress his swollen balls. He closed his eyes as the pleasure flowed through him, fuck, she was good at this. She pulled back slowly and let her tongue run along his shaft as it moved. She pulled off and sucked on the head, twirling her tongue all around. She ran her hand slowly up and down his cock as she licked the head.

He put his hands on her shoulders and looked down. She was now moving back over his cock and he could see her amazing tits bounce as she moved his cock in and out of her mouth. He wondered if there was a prettier site than a girl with your cock in her mouth. She slid him to the back of her throat and then he felt her neck contract and he started to feel his cock move into her throat. She slowly moved into him until her face was against his stomach. She held him deep in her throat for a few seconds and then pulled back slowly.

Fuck baby, that is incredible. He stammered as his cock slid over her warm tongue again.

She smiled at him and drove her head back into his stomach. She started a rhythm of pulling him into her throat and out again, her hand on his shaft as she pulled away. He felt his balls tighten and she squeezed them gently. She pulled back and flicked her tongue right under the head of his cock and he felt his balls start to blast a load right into her mouth. She pulled him into her mouth and milked him dry. He saw her swallow multiple times as he dumped his seed into her.

She pulled off his softening cock slowly and then lifted it and kissed his balls. She sucked on them and ran her tongue over them. He held onto her head as she continued her magic. He felt her pull away and then he saw her lean back on the bed and spread her legs. She was looking at him with a shy look on her face. He dove between her legs and started to lick all over her beautiful pussy.

Katie closed her eyes and spread her legs even wider. She grabbed her knees and held herself wide open as he ate her. She was so hot, and his tongue was the medicine she needed most at the moment.

Brad licked and kissed his young wifes soaking pussy. He was not sure he had ever seen her this worked up. Yes, the little minx down the hall was lighting her up and he was liking it. He sucked her clit and felt her explode in another orgasm. He saw her bite her own hand to keep from screaming as she shook beneath him. He kept on licking until grabbed his hair and pulled him off.

He pulled away, her legs were still spread, and she was breathing hard. He watched her recover for a few seconds and then she looked at him. He heard that little girl voice again.

Mr. Thompson, are you going to fuck me now? She said.

Son of a bitch. Was all he could say and then he drove his cock into her.

He grabbed her legs and opened them wide as he drove into her again and again. She grabbed her own legs and pulled them back to her head. He was now driving straight down into her and drilling her into the bed.

Harder, Mr. Thompson, harder. The little girl voice said.

He was now fucking her as hard as he had ever fucked anyone in his life. He found this amazing as he thought of all the secretaries he had bent over his desk through the years. Some of them were brutal hate-fucks right before he fired them. This was topping them all as he powered into her over and over. She was moaning and her hair was flying all over her face. He felt himself sweating as he kept up the pace. He fucked her for another 10 minutes it seemed, his stamina lasting after already cumming twice today.

Eventually he felt his balls tighten again and he buried himself deep and groaned. Katie felt him unload again inside her, she was amazed he had any left. He finished and collapsed on her. She wrapped her arms and legs around him and held him. They were both breathing hard.

Brad rolled off of his wife and stared at the ceiling. He was working hard to catch his breath. He turned to see Katie also staring at the ceiling, her legs still open and her chest moving up and down. It was incredibly sexy and if he wasnt totally spent, he would do something about it. All he could do now was to grab her hand. She squeezed his hand as she slowly recovered. He saw her move her head to look at him.

Holy fuck! She whispered.

Yes, I agree. He whispered back and she giggled.

Madison laid in the incredibly comfortable bed in the amazing room and thought about everything that had happened to her today. The day started normal enough with school and all but when that big black car picked her up everything changed. She kissed Katie and it was amazing. She also laid on a lounge and talked to her daddy without a top on. She giggled at what he would think if he knew. She then watched a movie as Katie rubbed her boobs. What was going to happen for the rest of the week if this was all in one day?

She ran her hand under her top and rubbed her breasts, squeezing her nipples. She ran her other hand into her shorts and touched her pussy. It was warm and she felt a tingle as she rubbed her finger over the sensitive spot. She rubbed it gently as she pinched her nipples. Her orgasm rolled over her young body and she moaned. She shook gently in the comfortable bed and then fell asleep with her hand still between her legs.



