I am your average 19 year old guy really. I have a fairly carefree but dead end retail job, I like movies and video games and hanging with my dumb mates. I'm bisexual and have had my fair share of experimenting with both teams.
I get on with my parents really well. My dad Ben is a pretty great guy who shares many interests with me. He is always borrowing games and movies from my room but never remembers to return them. We are both fairly husky guys. Not obese, but we are clearly not starving. You can definitely tell we are related from just looks alone.
My mum Sue is kinda the opposite of my dad. She is quiet and sensible, most of the time anyway. For a woman reaching 41 she looks pretty good. Glasses, blonde shoulder length hair and tall. Taller than the average woman and a great smile that never fails to cheer you up.
None of us will be winning any beauty contests anytime soon but 3rd place isn't bad in my books.
It's Sunday night and I'm playing against my Dad on some fighting game in the family room. My Mum is laying on the sofa reading her latest romance novel.
"Who's winning?" She asks looking up over her glasses at us.
"Who do you think?" My dad laughs as he puts his controller down, beating me for the 5th time.
"Sorry Jamie, you know your old man is the best." He brags as he flexes his muscles jokingly. I slump in my chair and clap my hands on my lap defeated.
"Right, I'm off to bed. See you guys in the morning." I yawn as I get up out of my chair and head to the stairs.
"Night!" I hear back in chorus as I walk upstairs.
I get to my room and decide to watch some tv for a bit before jumping on my computer to check for any new messages. I had signed up to a website for hookups, swingers and fetishes a few months ago and had met up with a few people from there on different occasions.
I've always dreamt of having a threesome with a couple on the site so I decide to browse the couple section. As I'm scrolling along looking at the various sexy profile pictures of couples bent over or fucking ect, I stop and go cold. There, under the username 'sexycouplefun' I see the faces of mum and dad. Fully clothed, it is a picture of them from a party they went to a few years ago. I do a double take and just stare at the screen gobsmacked. My hand trembles as I consider clicking on the profile to have a closer look. My mind tells me that I should just close the browser and forget what I saw, but something tells me to click. My breathing gets deep and I feel a kind of electricity flowing through me, I'm nervous but in a good way. I then realise that I am getting excited at the idea of what I might find on their profile. What's wrong with me? Surely that's not something a normal person would feel in this situation. I mean, they are MY parents, I'm allowed to look right?
It takes me a few moments but I eventually give in to my curiosity and click the link, heart pounding. The profile loads up and reveals a bio.
'Fun couple 47M 42F, looking for woman 21-50 to join in with our fun. We are fairly new swingers looking to spice up our love life. Message us if interested.'
I can't believe it, my own parents on a hookup site! I look further into their profile feeling disgusted at myself... which excites me even more. I find a gallery of photos but unfortunately they are only available to view if you are friends with them. I look down the page and Their status reads as 'online via mobile'. They were looking on the site downstairs while they think I'm asleep!
My mind starts turning and before I know it I find myself creating a new fake profile. My curiosity was driving me wild. My bio read:
'ScarletRose. A 30 year old woman up for threesome fun.'
I found some alluring pictures of a porn actress from a random site and set it as my profile picture. I send them a friend request and sit back, contemplating what I was getting myself into.
I felt I needed to see the pictures. I needed to know what they were putting out there on the net for people to see. Ten minutes pass and I get an alert telling me my friend request was accepted. I click back on their profile and enter the gallery feeling a rush like I've never felt before.
I click on the first picture and there she is, my Mum looking up directly into the camera over her glasses kneeling down with my dads cock in her mouth. I'm stunned. She would always look at me over her glasses like that, but until now I had never noticed how sexy her eyes were, crows feet and all. I felt my cock get stiffer and my eyes scanned the image. My Dad's cock was soaking with precum and saliva, glistening in the camera light. His cock was magnificent. Similar to mine but slightly bigger.
I was now fully erect and harder than I had been in ages. I could feel the veins in my cock pulse with my heartbeat. Without a moment's hesitation and a kind of urgency, I unzipped my jeans. Whipped my cock out, grabbed it hard and started pumping away vigorously like it was pure animal instinct. Looking at my Mum and then my Dad, then back to my Mum. I spat on my finger and started teasing my hole with it, Imagining how Dad's cock would feel as it entered me. I continued to pump with one hand and finger fuck myself with the other. Within moments my cock exploded in pleasure as I struggled to keep my moans and nose breathing quiet. I sat back in ecstasy, quietly contemplating what had just happened. I closed the browser and got into bed. I had a lot to think about.
I awoke the next morning to the sound of knocking on my bedroom door.
"Wake up, you have work at 10 remember." My mum said loudly through the door.
"Shit, I'm running late!" I moan as I hurry to get dressed and run out the door without bothering to shower first.
I get to work only to find out there was a mistake on the rota. I wasn't due to work until Wednesday. Steaming, but yet happy I had a day off I decided to wander along the high street for a bit until I headed home.
As I walked through the front door I heard an unfamiliar laugh from the family room. I poke my head around the corner and see mum and dad sitting on the sofa with a gorgeous redhead.
"Hello?" I say out loud as they turn and see me standing in the doorway.
My Mum and Dad's eyes widened.
"Jamie! I thought you were at work." They both blurted out nervously.
"I'm not in until Wednesday. Who's your friend?" I ask curiously.
"Just an old friend from work. She was just thinking of leaving I think." Mum explained.
Looking closer at her I realise who she is. I remember seeing her profile on the swingers website! They were meeting up for sex! They were planning to fuck this great piece of ass while I was at work! My cock stiffened at the idea. I had to see this. The thought of seeing my dad fuck this girl with his hard cock made me wish I was her.
"It's okay," I explain, "I'm thinking of going to see friends anyway. I will be back for dinner later" And head out the door. I lied.
As soon as I'm out the house I go around the back and sneak back in through the back door. I silently move into the kitchen and hide behind the counter as the three of them head upstairs. I sneak into my room, lay on my bed and listen to what's happening in their bedroom next door. I hear some muffled giggles before it goes silent.
"Mmmmm, Do you like that Ben?" I hear the redhead ask Dad, " Do you like it when me and Sue suck on that nice big cock? Mmmm I can't wait until your fucking us with that thing." I started getting hard just from the dirty talk.
That is until I heard my Dad reply, "No... no I'm sorry, it's just not doing anything for me. I'm so sorry, I think you should go."
"What? Dad, are you out of your mind?" I think to myself. I hear the red headed woman leave down the stairs angrily, slamming the front door as mum sighed loudly.
"Ben, I have no idea what else to try. We haven't had sex in months! Is it me? Do you not love me anymore?" Mum cry sadly.
"Of course it's not you honey. I don't know what's wrong with me. I just can't get it up." Replied Dad.
"That's the third girl we have tried," I hear mum sob, " I'm going crazy here. I need to release this pent up sexual energy Ben. I love you but I'm struggling."
"I need to clear my head!" My dad bellows in a panic as he leaves the room, heads down stairs and leaves the house.
I hear my mum in the other room sobbing . Why is dad having trouble? Mum is gorgeous. I think back to the picture from the website. My dad's thick cock filling up my mums wet mouth. I bet he came all over her face and glasses that night. I close my eyes, stand up and leave my room. I walk into my parents room and see my mum sitting on the bed. She looks up shocked as she tries to hide her tears.
"Jamie! When did you get back?" She shrieks surprised.
I move into the room and sit next to her on the bed. "Mum what's wrong? Why are you crying? " I ask knowingly.
"Ahh nothing, just your father being silly as usual." She scoffs, looking around the room trying to avoid eye contact, wiping a tear.
I pause for a moment, "Mum, I know about you and dads sex life trouble. You're a beautiful woman and should be treated like one. How can I help you two get back on track?" I whisper as I put my hand on her shoulder.
Mum looks at me embarrassed and sighs, "You're a good boy Jamie, but there is nothing you can do to help. Your Father needs to find out what it is he truly wants." She says as she looks at me over the top of her glasses and smiles.
It was at this point something truly awoke inside me. I just couldn't take it anymore. That look she gave me, it was just like the one from the picture. I had to do something about these feelings. After a few moments of looking directly at each other I moved in quickly and kissed her on the mouth. After a couple of seconds mum pushed me away shocked.
Looking right at me she shouts, "No! Jamie, what are you doing? Are you out of your mind?" I stare at her mortified as she stares back eyes wide. She is speechless for a few seconds as she processes what just happened.
Mum then looks down at my lips curiously, looks back up at me, hesitates, then whispers to herself, "Oh.... fuck it."
She grabs the back of my head and pulls me in for another kiss. This time passionately, like something finally awoke in her too. I run my fingers through her hair taking in the fruity scent it gives off. The kiss starts to get a little more wild as our lips slowly widen as I take her tongue into my mouth. She gives off a slight whimper as our tongues start twisting inside the kiss.
She finally pulls back her head and hastily scrambles at my belt buckle. Seeing where this is going I stand up to give her better access. She pulls my jeans down along with my boxers to reveal my rock hard cock which flicks out into the open air. She looks at it for a second, taking the sight of it in before she puts it in her ready mouth. She looks at me over the top of her glasses. This is it. The moment of my fantasy come true. I could have cum right there and then, but I didn't want to waste this moment. She took the whole length of my cock into her mouth, gagging with pleasure, taking note of my size. She pulls back and starts to gently suck. I let out a quiet moan as I grab her hair and Guide her lips up and down my shaft.
"Mmm fuck, Mummy." I moan. She stops and looks at me with the dirtiest fucking smile I have ever seen.
"You have never called me mummy before," she says with a straight face, "Fuck, Say it again."
"Mmmm... oh Mummy." I groan as I look up and the ceiling, cock throbbing when I said it.
"Yell it!" She moans as she continues to suck my throbbing cock.
"Mummy!" I yell passionately. It was at that moment I stopped cold. My dad was standing in the doorway of the bedroom holding a shopping bag.
"Shit, fuck. Dad!" I stepped away as my mum stopped sucking. Dad dropped the bag where he stood. We looked at each other for what felt like an eternity. Taking in the sight dad just abruptly starts unbuttoning his shirt in a hurry.
"Oh my fuck, oh god." He mumbles, panting hard as he moves towards me. As his shirt is removed he grabs me by the waist and pulls me in, our lips touching passionately. Feeling my smooth hips as we kiss he starts sobbing out of a mixture of emotion and passion. His sobs turn into deep moans as like with my mum, our mouths widened. Exploring each other's mouths. It was clear that neither of them had ever kissed somebody in this way before.
Dad stopped and looked down at mum who was still on the floor. She stood up and started to open-mouth kiss him. As they did dad started undoing his belt and pulling his jeans down, revealing his now throbbing cock as mum started stroking mine. She pulled back from the kiss and took both our cocks in her hands.
Looking down and smiling Mum moans, "Mmm my two big strong boys." Me and Dad started kissing my Mum's neck, one of us for each side. One of my hands had his cock in it and the other was running all over my mother's soft upper body. My dad had my cock in hand as he also felt her up. Mum slowly pulled her top over her head to reveal two perfect breasts. Her nipples were dark and slightly droopy with age and stretch marks magnificently donned the sides of her tits. I couldn't believe how amazing they looked, I couldn't help myself, I took one and placed the nipple into my mouth, sucking hard. She let out a hushed moan as my teeth nibbled them gently. My dad followed my lead and started lashing his tongue over the now erect nipple of the other.
All three of us stood there completely naked, entering into unknown territory. My dad really knew how to handle a cock. His felt so natural in my hand, his big balls swinging after every stroke of my hand. Mum moved over to the bed, taking her trousers down as she went, revealing her sweet little ass. She then laid on her back, opening her legs to reveal a nicely trimmed pussy. She started touching herself as I kneeled down and took my Dad's cock into my mouth. I did just as my mum had done to me. I took it all in to gauge the size of it before gagging gently. I looked up at my dad who had a perverted look on his face. My dad then grabbed the back of my head and started thrusting my mouth onto his cock. My forehead hitting his chubby belly as he got faster and harder. He started thrusting himself into my mouth, timing it with my head thrust.
"Ooooh, fuck Jamie. God your mouth feels great," My dad started panting heavily and in frustration put my head against the bed, held it in place and proceeded to face fuck me, "Fuck. Fuck, uhhh Christ son. Mmmm god yeah."
My mum was meanwhile watching us, fingering her now leaking pussy. My dad looked up at her and fucked my face even harder, "Mmmm look honey, look what I'm doing to our boy." Dad says to her with intensity in his eyes.
"Mmmmm Ben, what's gotten into you?" Mum asks as she continues to finger fuck herself.
"God sue, I've never felt so alive. I've imagined this kind of thing since he hit 18, I just never thought you two would be into it. Mmmm fuck yeah that feels good." He replies as he gets really deep inside me.
After moving my head around to better get his whole cock in my mouth, Dad stopped and helped me up. He motioned towards my mum who was now also motioning me with her finger to come over, "Now it's my turn to use you." She says seductively.
I climbed up onto the bed as my mum put her legs into the air. I mounted my mum and glided my rock hard cock into her soaking cunt. we both moaned "Fuck" as I entered her and shuddered at the pleasure. The final taboo had been broken. I didn't look back. I started pumping away at her pussy hard and fast. The sound of my mums pleasure was music to my ears.
"Oh shit. mummy, I can't believe I'm fucking my mum. Holy shit!" I say as I close my eyes and truly think about the situation as I carry on pumping away.
"Mmmm, my big strong boy," Mum moans, "Fuck Mummy's pussy harder! Show me what you can do." I started fucking her even harder, the sound of her wetness and the sweet scent of sex filling the room.
"Oh god. Mummy, I can't believe I came out of this hole! How did you squeeze me out? It's so tight, I can barely fit my cock back up there." I exclaim, barely believing this was happening.
As me and mum fucked dad climbed up behind me, panting fast, "Mmmmm, I see another hole that needs attention." Dad moans, breathing heavily.
He started to lightly finger my asshole, teasing it, getting it ready for his cock,"Mmmm I bet your little hole is going to take all of me." He says as he gets in position. I stopped fucking mum for a moment as dad slowly entered me from behind.
"Ohhh Daddy! You're so big!" I shout loudly as he got deeper and deeper into me.
Dad looked at mum, slightly puzzled after hearing the word Daddy, "I'm Mummy now honey and your Daddy." Mum tells him with a sexy laugh.
Dad laughes back, "Well, you better fuck your mummy while your daddy fucks you sonny." He tells me while grabbing onto my thighs. I start fucking mum again, my thrust entering her then back out onto dads cock. All of us are now groaning with pleasure. Dad started caressing my ass while it bounced back and forth onto him. He gave it a few quick slaps.
None of us could believe what we were doing. This was literally the craziest thing ever. Dad's legs started to shake as he got louder with his grunts and harder with his thrusts. His balls slapping against my ass cheeks. I stopped fucking mum so that dad could grab a hold of my whole waist and fuck my hole into oblivion.
"Uhhh...fuck...oh fuck...sue, Jamie. Sue, watch me. Watch me fuck our son. I'm going to.... OHH MY FUCKING GOD!!" Dad grabbed my ass hard and gave one last almighty thrust. He emptied his balls in and around my hole. He sighed deeply and took himself out of me. He came around to the front as I cleaned his cock off with my mouth. He was still a little hard so I kept going.
I started to fuck mum balls deep again as I sucked my dads cock. I felt it getting hard again in my mouth.
"Make mummy cum Jamie. You make your mummy cum like you did me." Dad demands as I'm determined to give this pussy my all.
"Make me cum Jamie!" Mum screams as she looks down at my cock slamming into her cunt.
This was it. All our sexual frustrations were finally coming to an end. I started fucking mummy like a jackhammer. Her pussy started exploding with her juices. The slapping of my balls making the most amazing sound.
"Oh fuck, I'm going to come Jamie....don't stop....don't...u...uhhhh...UGGGGH!" Hearing my own mother orgasm all over my fucking cock put me over the edge.
"Mummy....oh fuck....oh FUUUUUCK!!!" I gave one giant thrust as I came inside her so hard it sent my dad over the edge for a second time. My dad came all over me and my mum. All of us orgasming at the same time. The pleasure was immense.
I flopped down onto the bed with mum and dad. We all stayed still and silent for at least a minute, only the sounds of our panting could be heard. We all laughed and laid back, satisfied.
After 5 minutes my mum broke the silence, "Ready for round two?"