Karen and Michelle's Sad Story Part 1 Chapter 31 By Redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com
My Blog URL:
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger


Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.


Chapter 31, Laura Finds Hell And Lisa Finds Heaven

Doggyslut slept for a couple of hours after Prince fucked her.  One of the male slaves that had been assigned to fuck her mother came and got her when they had all exhausted themselves and couldnt cum any more.  As doggyslut got up and followed him out she asked, Have the two bitches been enjoying your attentions for the past couple of hours?

The slave answered, Oh yes she has doggyslut.  And like you requested, we made sure that they came as often as possible.  Your mom came so many times and so hard I think she passed out at least a dozen times in the past couple of hours.  She definitely knows how much pleasure can be had from sex now.  I think she is ready for the next phase.

Doggyslut was listening attentively to what the slave was telling her.  As they were approaching her mom she looked at the slave and ordered, Take her gag out.  I want to see if her attitude has changed.  If it has, Ill reconsider part of my plans for her.  What happens next is entirely up to her.

Karen/doggyslut stopped and stood about ten feet in front of her mom.  She admired how well her mom had taken care of herself over the years.  Even though she was thirty six years old, she looked like she could pass for twenty.  Her long blond hair was full and had a natural curl that most women would die for.  Her tits were a bit on the small side and looked as if they were a 32 or 34 but definitely not more than a B cup.  They didnt sag much either as you might expect of someone that age.  You could just see a little cellulite starting to appear in her thighs but that is common as women get older.  It wasnt enough yet to detract from her natural beauty though.  Her pubic hair was a full bush and currently was matted with cum from all of the fucking she had been receiving.  Cum was currently running down her thighs in streams and some was also dripping out of the corners of her mouth.  She hung there in shackles with her arms stretched up at forty five degree angles from her body and her feet were shackled about four feet apart to anchors on the floor.  

Doggyslut watched as the slave went up to her mother and took the gag off.  It took a couple of seconds of her mom opening and closing her mouth a few times to get the stiffness out of her jaw from being held open for so long. Doggyslut just waited to see what she would do now that she could talk.  She didnt have long to wait.  Instead of her mom asking for forgiveness and mercy as doggyslut had hoped for, she did exactly as she suspected she would.  She launched into a verbal assault on Karen.  

When Laura had loosened her jaw and saw Karen standing there looking at her she felt a revulsion at the evil that had come from her loins.  She believed that all children are evil because they are derived from an evil, depraved act.  Sex was nothing but a tool of the devil to rob ones soul of its rightful place in heaven.  She took a deep breath and immediately launched into a tirade yelling in a raspy voice, Karen you evil whore of the devil.  How could you do this to your mother and father?  I knew when you were born that nothing good could ever come from you.  Sex is evil and I told your father that anything produced from having sex would be an abomination to the lord.  He agreed too.  When you started doing all of those things, he was the one to cast you out and disown you.  I may not have wanted you, but I was willing to raise you and not throw you out.  You have paid your weakling of a father back for what he did to you, wont you have mercy on me.  Please Karen, have mercy on your mother.

Doggyslut was just letting the words feed her anger at her mother.  She had just sealed her fate.  It was going to be the full treatment.  No mercy given.  She went up to her mother, leaned in to her and whispered in a calm but angry tone in her ear, Oh mother, please do shut up.  I know it was you that demanded that dad throw me out.  Dad was the only one over the years who paid any attention to me and helped raise me and support me.  You never did.  You never congratulated me on any of my achievements and I had a lot.  I tried to be the perfect girl for you so you would like me.  Thats why I spent so much time studying.  Just so I might hear you say something good to me.  But you never did.  You hated me.  And that night you found me in the bathroom crying after finding out I was pregnant.  I heard you yelling at dad in your bedroom that if he didnt make me marry Darrell and cast me out of the house that you would divorce him and take everything he had.  You were always the one wearing the pants in the house.  Dad catered to your every whim, even to the point of making his brother marry that bitch sister of yours who was such an ice queen that no one else would have her.  But as bad as she was, she couldnt hold a candle to you.  No you are definitely the ice queen.  And now you are going to pay for all of the pain and anguish you have caused to so many.  

Doggyslut stepped back and in a normal tone said, You agreed to Darrell divorcing me so I am not married.  So he isnt my husband.  He isnt even my master.  I am a slave now, but not to Master Darrell.  You see, I am not worthy of being a slave to another human so I was made a slave to a dog.  Thats right mom, I am a slave to Prince.  He is my true master and I have come to love him more than anyone else other than my daughter.  Now think about that for a minute.  If I am a slave to a dog and you have been given to me to do with as I want, what does that make you?  

Laura yelled, How dare you speak to me like that you devils whore. If I was free I would put you across my knee  Doggyslut turned and ordered to the slave, Let her rant for a while so shell remember her last words to me.  Go ahead and do her hair like I told you.  She went to the dildo cabinet and looked for a new little creation that the group had developed.  Finally she found it and put the specially designed high power batteries for it in.  It was about ten inches long and had air holes in it that would allow the victim to breath when it was inserted.  At about the point where the vocal chords would be there was a metal sheath with a series of vertical and angled ridges on it with slits the length of the ridge.  On the base were a series of controls that would turn it on and off and allow for selection of two choices.  Talk and bark and bark only.  She took it back to finish watching Lauras new and permanent hair style.  

The slaves had taken Laura down from the wall and tied her into a heavy wooden chair so that her hands and leg couldnt move.  All four of them were quickly and efficiently using electrolysis to remove her hair.  Doggyslut came up to them and ordered, Make her open her mouth for me.  I have a new little toy I want her to experience while you are working on her.

One of the slaves pinched her nose closed and another reached down and pinched her tits hard to make her scream.  When her mother started screaming from the pain, she forced the dildo into her moms throat all of the way.  She put her hand on her throat and felt for the vibration of her vocal chords as she was made to scream.  When she felt the ridges of the dildo lined up with where the vibration was coming from, she turned it on and put the setting to bark only. She stepped back and let the slaves get back to work.

As the slaves were permanently removing her moms hair, doggyslut said, Look at me mother, in a very disrespectful tone.  When her mom looked at her she continued, These fine outstanding gentlemen are removing your hair permanently.  Now they wont be taking it all away, that wouldnt be good now would it.  I know how much that wonderfully luscious blonde hair means to you so I have allowed you to keep a little bit just above the ears.  By the time the boys are done with you, it will look like you have a pair of nice long doggy ears and the rest of your head will be bald.  Now about that little dildo I stuck down your throat.  It has one purpose.  That is to make it so that a slave can bark like a dog.  Of course there are two settings on it.  One setting allows the slave to keep its voice while allowing it to bark realistically but the other permanently removes the ability to make any noise other than to bark.  Because you just couldnt learn to keep your mouth shut and ask for forgiveness for how you treated me, I have decided that you will no longer be able to speak.  The only sound you will be able to make from now on will be to bark as a dog.  Of course since your new lifes profession will be as a training bitch for Mistress Martas dogs, that will be perfect for you.

Laura looked like she was angry and was trying to say something to Karen.  The dildo prevented her from saying anything however.  Doggyslut saw her reaction and said, Even now you fail to understand your new place in the world.  You will though, trust me you will.  I can see by the pain in your eyes that you can feel the blades cutting your vocal chords.  In a minute youll start to feel it burn as it cauterizes the wound and makes the scarring form exactly the right way for you to make a barking sound.  It will take a couple of hours for the effect to be permanent.  That should just about be enough time for my dear fellow slaves here to remove all of your hair except for your doggy ears.  In the mean time I think Ill join Nika in taking care of Aunt Lisa while were waiting for you.  Doggyslut turned and went up to Nika who had stepped back from licking her mothers bare cunt.  Doggyslut admired how much Lisa and Laura looked alike.  If she didnt know that Lisa was two years younger than Laura, she would think that they were twins.  Lisa wasnt quite as fit as Laura but she didnt look bad at all for a thirty four year old.

Nika smiled and hugged doggyslut as she came up and said, Thanks for this.  I cant tell you how much fun Im having.  When I came out here after you left the room, I found her looking at what your slaves were doing to her sister.  She was breathing heavily as if she was excited and when I felt her cunt she was leaking she was so wet.  I couldnt resist and decided to let her enjoy herself as she listened to what you were going to do to your dear sister.  I think she likes the idea of her sister being a doggy, dont you mommy dear?  She said as she patted her mom on her hairy pussy.

Lisa looked as if she were coming down from a very intense orgasm and when she heard what her daughter told her it rang as true to her.  She had enjoyed watching her niece and listening to her tell her sister that she was going to be a dogs bitch from now on and would be made into a bitch for them.  Heaven help her, but one of her most depraved fantasies had always been to live like a dog and have that kind of freedom and not have to worry day to day about anything.  All she would have to do would be to show love to her masters and they would take care of her.  She could never share such a depraved fantasy with anyone and had suppressed it and tried to live the kind of life her sister had always told her they were meant to live.  She almost wished that she could be in Lauras place.  She thought why does she get to live out my deepest fantasy and I dont.  Then she remembered the question her daughter had asked and shook her head excitedly yes.  Her gag was still in place so that she couldnt say anything.  She looked pleadingly at her daughter because she wanted to tell her how it wasnt fair that her sister got to live out the very fantasy she had dreamed of and felt guilty of for all these years.  

Nika was very perceptive and watched her mother as she looked at Laura and looked back at Nika.  She saw that she didnt show fear but that a lust was building within her.  She wasnt angry.  She looked as if she wanted to say something.  Nika turned to the slaves and ordered, Remove her gag.  I think she wants to say something.

When the slaves had removed the gag and she had worked her jaw loose she looked at her daughter and said, Im sorry Nika.  Im so sorry for how I treated you and Jasmin.  I only tried to live how Laura taught me to.  You know that she is the one who really raised me after your grandma died when we were very young.  Dad was a drunk and was never home so I latched on to the only family I really knew.  I did everything and believed everything she told me.  And I am coming to realize that everything I believed was just a lie.  That doesnt absolve me of my failed responsibility as a loving mother to you and Jasmin.  I know now that I failed miserably to be the mother you both needed and didnt even come close to being the loving wife that my husband needed.  I dont blame you or him any more for what happened.  I realize now that it was my own repressed guilt that made me that way.  I I I Ive felt so bad since the original arrest that Ive wanted to commit suicide.  I have thought about my life and how I have felt.  My whole life has been miserable.  I cant imagine living like that any more.  I cant remember a happy thought my entire life except when you and Jasmin were born.  But then even that couldnt keep me from being miserable.  I have felt so filthy and guilty because I bought in to what the preacher and Laura always told me and I had these horrible thoughts running through my head all of the time.  You see, when I was a little girl I saw a dog making love to his bitch once and I fantasized that it was me.  I thought how wonderful that it must be to be a dog where all you have to do is show someone that you love them and they would love you and take care of your every need.  I wanted so much to be a dog and live like that but I knew I had to repress that kind of thinking.  I knew that no one would ever understand my thinking that way and I felt so guilty that I took it out on everyone and made their lives miserable while I tried to be what they taught me was the perfect person.  And now as punishment my sister is going to get to live the life that I have dreamed of living my whole life.  She has decided everything for me in my life.  She decided how we would live, how we would worship and how we would treat our husbands.  I even let her decide who I would marry for goodness sake.  Yet she is being rewarded with being able to live my fantasy and I hate her for it, I hate her for it all.  She began crying and sobbing uncontrollably.

Nika and doggyslut were stunned at the admission.  They looked at each other in wonder and doggyslut shook her head yes at the unspoken question in her cousins eyes and said, Help me first and do it.

Nika thought for a few minutes and then asked her mother, So you want to be allowed to live like a dog?

Lisa begged, My previous life is over.  I dont want to go back to living like that anymore.  If you make me live my life as a human I will end it.  I would love to live the rest of my life as a loving pet dog to you and your father and sister.  That will be like Lisa has died and a new pet dog has taken her place.  I promise that I will be the most loving dog you will ever have.

Nika asked, What are you willing to do to earn the right to live your fantasy for the rest of your life?

Lisa answered without hesitation, I will do whatever you want.  I would walk through hell if I have to in order to live my fantasy and be with you guys and share my love with you to make up for everything.

Nika asked, Would you be willing to participate in everything that doggyslut has planned for Aunt Laura, even if it means that you suffer terrible pain in the process?

Lisa answered immediately, Oh yes.  I will do whatever it takes and I will be a perfect doggy for you.

Nika finally asked, And you will willingly submit yourself to a kennel full of dogs for one of them to choose you for his bitch?

Lisa was getting very excited and the cum was just streaming out of her cunt as she answered Yes in a husky voice and came harder than she ever had before from just the thought of being raped by a kennel full of dogs.  

Nika looked at doggyslut and said, Its settled then.  Mom will become the dog she always dreamed of and live the rest of her life as a dog in every way.  I think that is a fitting way for her to live from now on and she can show us how much she really loves all of us and try to make up for everything.  But we will do that at the end after you are done with Aunt Laura.  I dont think well need to change her slave name though so lets get her down and get her branded.

Nika turned to her mother and said, Ive decided that if you do everything you are told from now until Aunt Lauras punishment is over, I will let you live out your fantasy and become our family pet.  Of course if we have to tell you more than once to do something or if you refuse anything at all, I will go back to my original plans for you.  Is that something you can do?

Lisa answered quickly and excitedly, Oh yes Nika.  I will do what ever you say.  Just please let me be your pet dog so I can show you how much I love you and try and make everything up to you.

Lisa looked at the slaves and said, Release her.  She turned back to her mom as they undid her shackles and said, I want you to walk over between those two support beams where that forge is and allow the slaves to shackle you in willingly without complaint.  If you are to be our pet, you will need to be marked as ours so that everyone will now who you belong to.

When Lisas shackles had been undone she stretched a moment and then quickly walked over to where Nika had pointed and lined her feet up to the shackles and raised her arms out so she could be shackled in to place.  She saw the forge with the red hot coals and the irons sticking out of them and knew that she would suffer soon but it would be temporary compared to the joy of living her fantasy.  She meant it when she said she would do anything to live that life now.  After everything that has happened, she knew that she would never be able to leave and live normally again.  She would always be on the run as an escaped convict.  That part of her life was over and it released her to be able to live out her one fantasy that had always haunted her deepest desires.  Yes she really would do anything she had to in order for that to come true.

The slaves shackled her into position and left.  Nika came up and said, Mom she hesitated for a minute and then continued, I will no longer call you that because you are no longer my mother.  You are the family pet so I will call you by your pet name from now on.  You will be named Peterson Family Doggybitch.  So from now on you will only answer to doggybitch.  Do you understand?

Lisa shook her head yes and said, Yes I will only answer to doggybitch from now on.

Nika went on after doggybitch answered and said, As our pet doggy, you will have to wear the markings we have chosen for you.  You will wear three rings and receive five brands as my new pet.  Now I will give you a choice.  I know that this will be painful for you.  I dont want to hear you scream out loud because that hurts my ears.  I would much prefer that you take your brands as a sign of your determination to becoming our willing doggybitch.  But you will have to keep your mouth closed as you scream to keep it muffled.  If you are able to do it that way, I promise that I will make the pain be as light as I can.  Now the brands are going to hurt, a lot, and if you dont think you can do that without screaming out loud, I will allow you a gag to quiet you.  I leave the choice to you but understand that if you fail after electing not to use the gag it will be much worse for you.

Lisa thought for a minute and asked, If I do it willingly without the gag then youll minimize the pain?

Nika said, Yes.  She held her breath as her mom thought about it for a minute.  

Lisa looked at Nika and said, I choose to go without the gag.  I hope I am able to meet your expectations.

Nika looked at doggyslut and asked, Do you have something that will deaden the skin a bit?

Doggyslut went to a cabinet and took out a spray bottle.  It said, Xylocaine spray, for medical use only.  She handed it to Nika and said, This should deaden the skin, but wont do much for the tissue underneath.  The skin is the worse though.  I know from experience.

Nika said thanks and turned to her mother and said, Very well doggybitch.  I will make this as painless as possible for you.  But the minute you open your mouth and scream, I quit using this to deaden the area first.

Nika sprayed doggybitchs left tit around the nipple with the deadening spray.  After about a minute for it to work, she took the first branding iron out and dipped it in a bright green dye that she had selected and pressed the brand on her right tit so the brand would be on the left as you look at it. 

Lisa turned red and screamed a bit as the branding iron burned through the skin and into the flesh but did so through closed lips.  The tears streamed down her cheeks from the pain but she felt good that she had been able to keep her mouth closed through it.  The pain wasnt as bad as she thought it would be.  It must have been the spray because she didnt feel anything at first.  It was only after it had burnt through that she felt any real pain.  She knew that she could go through it now and determined to do so.

Nika removed the brand.  It left a bright green mark around and on her nipple that was the shape of a full circle with a dog face in it and above it was PETERSONS.  She asked, Now that you know what it is going to be like, do you want to change your mind about the gag?

Lisa shook her head no and said, I can handle the pain.  It will remind me of the evil way I treated those I loved the most.

Nika picked up the bottle and sprayed her left tit and allowed a minute for it to work.  She picked up the second brand and pressed it against her target tit and held it.  Lisa again screamed behind her closed mouth from the burning pain.  
When Nika took the brand away it left the same green full circle with a dog face in it but with FAMILY above it.  

Nika repeated the process, leaving a the full circle with dog face on her pubic mound and a two inch tall green DOGGYBITCH above her pubic arch just above where her pubic hair would have been if the slaves hadnt removed it during the break after Karens dad had been taken away.  When she was done she had two of the male slaves unshackle doggybitchs legs and pull them up until she was in an L and then spread them apart until her cunt was completely exposed and her bare outer lips were pulled tight.  

Nika picked up the spray and sprayed an extra heavy dose of the spray on either side of doggybitchs cunt and waited.  As she waited she said, I put a bit more spray on this time but it will hurt real bad because of where it is at.  You have been doing wonderfully well so far so just try to make it through these next two.  I suspect that they will be much worse than the piercings.

Doggybitch shook her head yes and closed her eyes as she saw Nika reach for the next brand.  Nika pressed the generic PROPERTY OF brand on her right outer cunt lip and then quickly replaced that brand and picked up the last one and pressed it on her left outer cunt lip.  The brand said NIKA PETERSON.  Lisa screamed and almost failed to keep her mouth closed through the branding.  Tears were streaming down her cheeks from the pain but it was all worth it to her to life her fantasy life now that she could never have a real life again.

Nika patted her mom on her stomach and said, Very good doggybitch.  I didnt think you had it in you to go through that.  We have three piercings to do now.  I wont use the heated needles so it shouldnt hurt as bad as the brandings but it will hurt.  Doggybitch shook her head yes and just kept her eyes closed as she braced for more pain.  

Nika picked up the piercing needle and pierced her right nipple at the base of the nipple.  She put the ring on and closed it with the liquid solder and stepped back to admire it.  It was a fine gold ring with a small puppy on it that covered her nipple.  She thought it was cute and smiled at her choice of rings.  She quickly disinfected the needle and did the other nipple.  When she looked down she saw that doggybitch was excited and that her clit was sticking out from its hood.  She disinfected the needle and then knelt down.  She leaned in and took the clit into her mouth and sucked on it.  She kept licking and sucking and when she felt doggybitch beginning to orgasm she pushed the needle through the base of the clit.  The combination of pleasure and pain was too much and doggybitch let out a loud moaning scream and passed out.  Nika quickly put the clit ring in and stood up admiring the three rings with the little puppy that lay atop her new pets nipples and clit.  The clit ring was specially designed so that it would constantly stimulate the wearers clit.  Doggybitch would always be horny and ready to mate with the constant stimulation she would be getting from it.

Nika turned to doggyslut and said, I think she really wants to be a dog.  I never would have believed that she would willingly suffer so much pain.  I saw what your dad went through and even though we deadened it a bit, I know it had to hurt.  And did you see her get excited from the piercings and finally cum as I pierced her clit.  That was absolutely amazing.  Jasmin will never believe me when I tell her about this.

Doggyslut turned to her and said, Dont worry.  Everything that happens in this room is taped for the pleasure of the masters and mistresses.  You will have a video of the whole thing to show how she begged to become a dog.  Your family will be able to watch and know that this was her choice.  I know that you didnt plan it this way, but I think for you guys it is the best thing that could happen.  Im very happy for you.  At least your mom has recognized how badly she treated you.  Maybe there is still hope for mine but I fear it is too late now.  Im so mad at her for keeping to her perverted beliefs at the cost of her own flesh and blood that I just cant forgive her anymore.  I gave her more than one chance to apologize and she never took it.  Any way its time to go see how trainingbitch is doing.  Thats her new name you know.  Well, its actually MARTAS DOGGY TRAININGBITCH.  Have you decided whether you will let her keep her ability to speak or not?

Nika answered, I think she would never forgive me if I let her maintain her ability to speak.  She wants to be a doggy so bad that I think that she wouldnt want to go half way.  But I will leave the choice to her.  Can you see if they have a second set of the stuff they gave you for your mom er trainingbitch I mean?

Doggyslut said, Let me go and check.  When I get back well see where trainingbitch is in her conversion and go from there.  She should be done by now.  Doggyslut turned and went to the masters suite and asked for another set of the doggy conversion kit for doggybitch.  She had to laugh at how excited that her uncle was at knowing that his ex wife had always dreamed of living like a dog and being a doggy bitch for real.  If he had known he would have started down this path a long time ago.  It was going to be nice to have a loving pet around that he could fuck any time, in any way he wanted and who would willingly mate with any dog they bring to her.  He never in his wildest dreams ever thought anything like this could happen with his wife.  He told Darryl, Go ahead and get her a conversion kit.  Ill pay for it.  I think Ive died and gone to heaven.  I never believed anything like this was possible and here I find it is her deepest and most heartfelt fantasy.  God I wish I would have known.

Doggyslut went back out and told Nika the answer and looked at her mom.  All of her hair was gone now except for a three inch oval bundle just above each ear with the long part of the oval going up and down.  The hair hanging down had been doubled up and banded so that the hair really did look like long puppy dog ears.  She could see the pain in her eyes from the dildo in her mouth.  She knew that it must be on a heat cycle.  She looked at the clock and saw that it was about three hours since she had the dildo inserted.  Darrell had told her that it would take at least two to make it permanent so anything else was just added pain.  She decided to test it and see if it worked.  She went up to trainingbitch and removed the dildo from her throat.  She stepped back and waited for the verbal barrage she had come to expect from her mother.

As soon as the dildo was removed, Laura launched into another one of her tirades at Karen.  When nothing came out when she tried to talk normally she got really worked up and tried to yell at her.  All that came out was a barking sound as the force of the air that had built up on the scarred vocal chords was released suddenly causing a loud sound that was just like that of a barking dog.  

Doggyslut smiled at her mom and picked up a mirror that was on a table and held it up to her.  It showed her how she looked and she started barking repeatedly at Karen trying to tell her how evil and depraved she was for doing this.  Tears were starting to run down her cheeks as realization started to dawn on her that she would never talk again and that her life as she knew it was over.  And the cause of her losing everything was the demon spawn of a daughter that was standing in front of her.  She glared at her daughter with a hatred like no other.  

Doggyslut turned to the slaves and said, Release doggybitch and shackle trainingbitch in her place.  Leave doggybitch free for now but watch her to see that she doesnt interfere or try to escape.  I want to see if she meant what she said about really wanting to become a dog and that she would do anything for that chance.

The slaves began releasing doggybitch and told her to stand over in front of the mirror to the masters room and stand there and masturbate until she was told to do something else.  Doggybitch stood there with her legs spread wide and put her hand down and started fingering her new clit ring and playing gently with her nipple rings.

The other slaves were busy putting trainingbitch up and attaching the shackles to her wrists and ankles.  When she was secured, doggyslut looked into her mothers hate filled eyes and said, Lets see if you have the fortitude of your sister.  She was able to keep from screaming out loud.  She kept her mouth shut for all five of her brands and three new rings.  I bet youll be screaming your head off.  But Ill be glad to hear it out of you.  You just dont get it.  You belong to me now and I have the power of life and death over you.  No matter how much you hate me, remember that it was you that forced me to become what I am.  If you had listened to me when I told you about being raped and supported me instead of forcing me to marry my rapist, you wouldnt be here.  Now get ready because your about to feel a pain like no other.  And I should know, I had to go through this myself.  Only I had the added insult to be over filled with an enema which caused more pain on top of the branding from all of the cramping.  Im sure that youll get your fair share of that in the future with as many times as you are going to have babies.  Well here goes.  Lets hear those screams.

Doggyslut took the first iron out of the forge and pressed the red hot brand on her moms right tit and held it there until the iron turned black again.  Trainingbitch screamed from the pain and passed out.  It sounded like the howling of a dog instead of a human scream.  It seemed funny to both doggyslut and Nika and they bent over laughing at the sounds coming from Laura.  The other slaves were smiling as well.

After they woke trainingbitch up with an ammonia capsule, Doggyslut turned and grabbed the next iron and pressed it against her left tit and held it until it turned from red to black.  It caused the same mournful howl as the first one had with the same end result of an unconscious slave.  She quickly broke an ammonia capsule under her nose to wake her up and got the third branding iron and pushed it against her lower abdomen above her pubic mound.  When she was done the three brands read MARTAS, DOGGY, and TRAININGBITCH.  Centered underneath each one was the head of a German Shepherd.  Doggyslut turned to the slaves and ordered, Get her into position for the next two brands.

The two slaves picked trainingbitchs legs forward and up into an L and then spread them into the splits so that her cunt was pulled taught.  Doggyslut woke her with the ammonia capsule and picked up the red hot generic PROPERTY OF iron and pressed it on trainingbitchs right outer cunt lip and then repeated the process with the second iron on her left cunt lip.  Both times trainingbitch howled in pain and passed out.  Finally doggyslut stepped back and admired the final two brands that said, PROPERTY OF on one side and MARTAS KENNELS on the other.

Doggyslut picked up the same large piercing needle that she had used on her dad and pierced her right tit.  The screaming howl caused by the red hot needle was music to doggysluts ears.  It took away a lot of the hurt from the betrayal to know that those that had betrayed her the most were now experiencing the same painful hell she had to live through.  She replaced the needle with a large stainless steel ring.  Where trainingbitch was going, she wouldnt need anything dainty on her.  The piercing went from edge to edge of her almost silver dollar size areola and hung down about two inches.  The ring was just shy of a quarter inch wide.  She repeated the process with her other tit and then she started to pick up the needle to do trainingbitchs clit but stopped.

Doggyslut paused and put the needle back and stood up.  She went to a cabinet and searched through a drawer of instruments and found what she was looking for.  She returned to her mother and stood looking at her.  

Trainingbitchs face was streaked with tears from the obvious pain she had been suffering.  Doggyslut smiled and taunted her mother saying, AwwwwDoes it hurt?  I dont want to hear about it mother dear.  You havent experienced anything that I havent.  This is the life you banished me to.  I was lucky in that I learned over time to find the pleasure in the pain and use it to make me cum.  Some of my best cums Ive had have cum from the most severe pain.  I wouldnt ever seek it out voluntarily but it has made it endurable.  It takes a lot to get to that point.  My big turning point was when daddy raped me at the poker game next door, the night before the orchestrated show at church the next day.  You didnt know that did you mother dear?  That is why I did what I did to daddy.  He deserved what he got, just like you deserve what you are getting.  You willingly participated in my humiliation.  I remember well that you made me drink your piss in front of the whole church.  I cant tell you how disgusted I was and how much I came to hate you and dad at that point.  I begged Master Darrell for the opportunity to exact my revenge on you.  After giving him such a beautiful daughter he willingly gave me my wish.  Now that I have you here though I realize how much you hate anything to do with sex.  I dont know why, but you seem to think that the natural urges the good lord gave us are evil.  If we listened to you then humanity would soon go extinct because there would be no children.  But I just decided that since you hate sex so much, Ill make sure that you dont enjoy anything when you get fucked by your canine masters.

Doggyslut knelt down and took the tool she had found.  It looked like a pair of pliers but the business end at the tip was curved and when they were closed they formed a perfect circle with a hole through the center.  The inside hole was smooth and the outside made a beveled round cylinder that increased in size as you moved away from the tip.  

Doggyslut leaned in and began pinching and manipulating trainingbitchs clit.  When it started getting bigger and came out of its hood she leaned in and started sucking and chewing on it.  When it had gotten as big as it was going to doggyslut took the pliers looking tool and closed it around trainingbitchs clit and pushed down to the base ensuring that the clit hood pushed up the outside of the device until finally it could go no further.  That is when doggyslut squeezed the pliers like device closed which triggered a set of spring loaded blades at the base to release and snip the clit off at the base.  Trainingbitch screamed from the searing pain that seemed to go on forever and just wouldnt quit.  She would run out of breath and gasp in another breath and screamed some more.  Doggyslut took a needle and while spreading the handles of the pliers like device and stuck the pin down the middle hole.  When she pulled it out it had her mothers clit attached to the end.  She set it aside and pulled a red hot rod out of the forge and pushed it down through the hole she just pulled the severed clit out of and pushed the end into the bleeding stub where her clit had been.  The end result was that trainingbitchs clit was severed and cauterized.  The scream of agony was clear to anyone listening.  It was obvious that this had hurt much more than anything that had been done to her previously.  Trainingbitch passed out from the pain.  

Doggyslut stood up and looked at the inch and a half long piece of flesh that she now held in her hand.  She contemplated what to do with it and got an evil look on her face.  She woke trainingbitch up with the ammonia capsule and slapped her a couple of times to wake her up.  When she finally was alert enough, doggyslut looked her straight in the eyes and said, Now that you have lost your pleasure center you wont be able to enjoy sex near as much.  I know youve had a lot of orgasms over the past few hours, probably more than youve had in your whole life, but its all gone now.  Youll never know that feeling any more, unless of course you want to feel it again.  Would you mother dear? Would you like to have your little pleasure button back?  Its not too late you know.   I can make it so you get it back.  Maybe youll be able to enjoy that feeling again.  What do you think mommy dear?  Would you like to enjoy pleasure again?  Doggyslut taunted and taunted her mother about her lost clit and how she could earn it back.

Training bitch had been crying from the pain and from having her most private part mutilated.  When Karen offered to let her have it back she immediately shook her head and said, Yes.

Doggyslut took one hand and grabbed a nipple ring and twisted it hard.  When trainingbitch screamed she stuffed the small remnants of the clit down her throat far enough back so that she would have no choice but to swallow it.  When doggyslut let go and stepped back, trainingbitch swallowed to clear her throat.  When she looked back at Karen she saw that both she and Nika were laughing at her.  Then she realized what it was that she swallowed and began to get nauseous.  Doggyslut saw this and immediately grabbed the dildo gag and stepped up and forced it down trainingbitchs throat.  Doggyslut said, I thought I made it clear earlier that there would be none of that throwing up stuff.  You asked for your clit back so I gave it back to you.  I dont think itll help you though where its going to end up but I dont want you to go messing up everything.  Ill give you a few minutes for your stomach to settle down and then Ill have them take you down and well get started on the next phase.  We still have a good six hours of time yet before I have to give you up.

Doggyslut and Nika then began to set things up for the next phase of the nights activities.  They moved the portable forge over to a large urn shaped container on a stand.  The urn part was at just the right level to be even with the girls tits.  There was a hole on either side of the container that had a cable running through it that was about twice the thickness of a bike brake cable.  The ends were coiled in a circle and had a u-clamp at the end.  Hanging on either side of the stand was a coil of smaller cable that was about four feet in length.  They called doggybitch over and Nika ordered, I want you to stand still doggybitch while we get your tits wrapped up with cable.  When we are done we will have a little competition between you and trainingbitch to see which of you wants to live like a dog the most.  If you lose then I will consider that a breech of our deal.  If you win I will let you have a half hour to fuck your sisters ass with the dildo of your choice.  Do you understand my doggybitch?

Doggybitch excitedly answered in a lusty whisper, Oh yes Nika.  Ill win.  I want to be your doggybitch.  Ill do whatever it takes to win.

Nika frowned a little and said, I dont want you calling me Nika anymore.  From now on you will only call me mistress and when you come to me you will kneel in front of me and look at the ground.  That is until I finally make you a dog.  Then I will expect you to come to me and act like a loving dog.  Ill make you practice when the time comes so dont worry too much about it right now.  You just kneel here and wait while we finish getting things set up.

Doggybitch kneeled and took up the position that Nika had told her and waited patiently.  As Nika turned to say something to doggyslut she saw that trainingbitch was being helped over to the area where they were waiting by a couple of slaves.  As they approached doggyslut handed them a coil of wire and said, Bind her tits.  You know whats next so make sure they are good and tight.  Well finish up the rest.

Doggyslut and Nika started using scoops to fill the metal urn full of the red hot coals.  They disconnected the propane from the burners to the forge and hooked it up to the burners at the bottom of the urn that would keep the coals at their hottest.  Of course the thin metal tube that the metal cable ran through heated up quickly and started to transfer the heat to the cable.  They were just reaching down to pick up the ends of the cable when the slaves brought trainingbitch to them with her tits looking like they were ready to pop.  They looked like blue balloons they were bound so tight at the base.  When she looked at doggybitch, her tits were turning blue as well but they didnt look nearly as bad.  She said, Nika, you hook up doggybitch while I hook up trainingbitch.  Then well see which is the most motivated of the two.

Doggyslut picked up her end of the cable which was starting to get warm.  She knew that it would be very hot soon.  She took the U-clamp at the end and loosened it to put on the cable stretching between trainingbitchs two bound tits.  She quickly screwed the thumb screw as tight as she could and then had the slaves turn it an extra time to make sure.  She stepped back just as Nika was finishing connecting doggybitchs cable.  One of her helping slaves also turned the thumb screw to ensure it was tight.

When Nika stepped back doggyslut explained, This is a little competition to see which of you is the more motivated.  The winner will get a little surprise at the end at the expense of the loser of course.  This is kind of like a tug of war except there is only one person per team.  Your hands are not allowed to be used.  As a matter of fact your wrists are to be bound behind your backs shortly so the only thing you can use to pull against each other are your bound tits.  When I say go, you will be expected to try and pull the other forward into the urn.  Once we hear the scream caused by the losers tits being burned by the urn we will call a winner and announce the prize.

Doggyslut noticed that the two women were beginning to become uncomfortable from the heat being transferred to the cable.  They were only about a foot and a half from the forge and could feel the heat radiating off of it.  The way it was designed, when the loser was forced against the now red hot urn she would burn the entire area between her tits and the inner surface of her tits but it would not affect the nipples.  When she was satisfied at the level of pain showing in the two sisters eyes and from the moans they made she ordered the slaves to cuff them.  Once their hands were cuffed behind their backs doggyslut said, Its time to get started.  Bitches take your position.

Both women were lined up opposite each other.  Doggybitch had a look of feral lust on her face and looked ready for anything.  Trainingbitchs eyes were focused on the red hot urn and had a look of fear and trepidation on her face along with the pain from the increasing heat of the binding cable around her tits.  She wasnt paying attention to what doggyslut was saying so she missed when she said, On your mark, get set, GO!!!

Trainingbitch was taken by surprise and was pulled forward and it was only through a Herculean effort that she wasnt pulled into the red hot urn with the first pull from doggybitch.  She was able to catch herself and brace against being pulled closer but the effort took a lot out of her.  Her feet were actually now planted on either side of the support post for the urn.  One of her thighs was only about a half inch from the metal support and she could feel the heat burning her even though she wasnt touching it. Her cunt and tits were only about six inches from the urn and support post and they could also feel the heat.  They were starting to turn red as if they had been severely sun burned.  The metal cables were now rapidly heating up because of the close proximity of the cable and doggybitch noticed that hers were actually starting to cool a little because of the added foot of cool air to dissipate the heat.  

Trainingbitch tried her hardest to pull back from the urn.  But she was so tired from all of the torture and the ever increasing heat on her loins and tits distracted her too much.  Doggybitch looked like she was almost giddy at how successful she had been and just braced herself for a minute to get her strength built back up.  She found that it didnt take much effort to hold her position as her sister tried to pull back away from the red hot urn.  She was finally ready and gathered all of her strength and waited for her sisters next try to pull away.  When she felt trainingbitch pull against her again she grimaced from the ache in her tits but held strong and when she felt the tension release on the cable she pulled back hard.  In the next instant there were two screams.  One was loud and quick because of the sudden stop when doggybitch found she couldnt pull back any further and the cable on her tits tightened and cause more pain.  

Trainingbitch was the one that suffered the most though.  When she relaxed to get her breath after her exertion to get some distance from the urn she was suddenly pulled forward into it.  The urn pressed against her chest between her tits and started burning her skin over the entire area.  But that wasnt all because when she was pulled forward, her cunt was pulled up against the hot metal support post.  Though it wasnt red hot like the urn, it was hot enough to cause second degree burns.  And second degree burns on her already branded cunt lips was the last thing that she wanted.  She screamed a long and hideous howl of pain and finally passed out.  

The male slaves rushed in to remove her from the cable and the burning urn but leaving her tits bound.  They immediately took her to the inclined support table and had her kneel down on the vertical side and lie her upper body down on her now burnt tits down the inclined side.  The pain from her tits woke her up and she screamed in pain again from the pressure being applied to her burnt chest and bound tits.  She sobbed in pain as they shackled her into position.

Doggyslut and Nika took doggybitch over to the dildo cabinet congratulating her on her victory.  Nika told her how happy she was that her new pet doggy had done so well.  When they opened the dildo cabinet, doggyslut took out the dildo harness and began strapping it into place onto doggybitch.  Nika explained what each of the dildos was designed to do as they looked at them.  The one doggybitch chose was a twelve inch long two inch wide dildo that had a knot built in about a third of the way up from the base.  The insidious thing about the dildo was that as it was pushed in to the hilt there was a pumping mechanism that would allow the knot to grow until it was six inches across.  It was designed to mimic a dogs knot in every detail.  

Nika smiled at the choice and she lifted her hands and started petting doggybitchs hair as if she were a dog.  Doggybitch pushed her head against the hand as if she were deriving great pleasure from it, which she was.  She was rapidly changing mentally into the dog she always fantasized about.  She was almost purring like a cat when Nika leaned in and whispered in a shortened clip as if she was talking to a dog saying. Doggybitch made a good choice, didnt doggybitch?  Yes doggybitch made her mistress very happy.  Yes she did.  Doggybitch made the perfect choice to fuck trainingbitch with.  Yes she did.  Doggybitch will make mistress very happy by fucking trainingbitch until doggybitch is knotted with her.  Yes make trainingbitch your fuck bitch doggybitch.  Mistress will be very happy.  She leaned in and kissed doggybitchs cheek and stepped back to hand the dildo to doggyslut.  

Doggyslut quickly attached the dildo to the harness and they led doggybitch over to trainingbitch.  They stepped back and doggyslut ordered, You now have thirty minutes to fuck your bitch.  You will make your mistress very happy if you cum at least three times in that time.  Try not to let trainingbitch cum though.  Your time starts now.  

Doggyslut and Nika stepped back and watched as doggybitch began forcing the large dildo up her sisters ass.  It went in fairly easily until she got to the knot.  Then it took quite the effort as she tried and tried to force the knot into her tight ass.  She finally put everything she had into the plunge and then continued pressing.  She felt the knot slide in a couple of inches.  She pulled back an inch and pushed hard again and it slid in a couple of more.  She kept this up until she had the whole dildo in to the hilt. That is when doggybitch had her first orgasm.  She stood there and trembled from the wonderful sensations she was experiencing.  When she had recovered, she put even more effort into fucking her sister in order to have another good cum. 

The whole time trainingbitch was howling in pain.  She sounded just like a dog that was being tortured.  She kept trying to beg for them to stop fucking her ass but all that came out was a bark.  The sounds heard by all of the observers sounded like a pack of dogs barking and howling.

Doggybitch picked up a good steady rhythm fucking her sisters ass and each time she pushed the dildo all of the way in, the knot increased a little in size.  After about ten minutes the knot had reached its maximum size of six inches.  Trainingbitchs ass had expanded to accept the large knot but it also meant that as doggybitch continued to fuck her, the only way the knot moved was to pull the tissue surrounding it back and forth as well, causing additional pain.  Doggybitch had cum three more times and had built up quite a sweat due to the effort.  Perspiration was pouring off of her.  Finally when doggyslut called the end of the thirty minutes she collapsed on top of her sister, breathing heavily from the effort and having cum almost continually for the last five minutes.

It took her a minute before doggybitch became aware that there was clapping and whistling going in the back ground.  Nika stepped up and leaned down to whisper in her ear as she petted her hair saying, That was wonderful my pet.  You did very well and made mistress very happy.  You keep this up and you will be the perfect little pet for Mistress Nika.

While Nika was stroking and soothing doggybitch for a job well done, she disconnected the dildo from the harness so that she could stand up and back away from her sister.  Nika helped doggybitch as she stood up and took a couple of steps back.  

Doggyslut pushed a button at the base of the dildo that released the air in the expanded knot.  She took the base of the dildo in trainingbitchs ass and pulled it out.  She took it around and presented it to her face.  She ordered, Clean your dildo off bitch.  I cant let my wonderful new pet use this unless it is cleaned properly.  

Trainingbitch saw the shit that covered the dildo and refused to open her mouth.  Doggyslut grabbed her hair and yanked it up yelling, You stupid bitch.  When are you going to get it into your head that you dont have an option to refuse?  She looked over at one of the slaves and ordered, You two slaves come here.  Our little bitch here refuses to do her duty and clean her dildo off.  I think she needs to find out what happens to bitches that wont pull their fair share of the load.  I know you havent gone to the bathroom yet today so nows your chance.  Ill hold her head up as you piss and shit in her mouth. 

The two slaves immediately lined up and when doggyslut pulled hard on her mothers blond hair to cause her to scream, the first one stepped up and started pissing down trainingbitchs throat.  She refused to swallow though and doggyslut ordered the slave to stop.  Doggyslut stepped back and put her hand down on her moms cunt until she found where her clit had been cut off.  She pushed her finger against the burnt stub of flesh that remained.  Trainingbitch howled in pain.  Doggyslut said loudly, Now bitch, you will willingly drink down every drop of piss and eat every ounce of shit or Ill keep pushing my finger through your burnt off stub of a clit.  Now lets try it again.  Drink the slaves piss now.

This time when the slave started pissing in her mouth, trainingbitch swallowed all but a few dribbles.  When he was done he turned around and started to force a hard log of shit out of his ass into her mouth.  At first she wouldnt open her mouth so doggyslut again pushed her finger hard into the burnt stub of her clit until she did.  Trainingbitch opened her mouth and allowed the log of shit to enter and held off from chewing as long as she could.  The taste began to get to her so she opted to begin to bite it off and swallow as rapidly as possible.  As she did she felt the pain in her clit lessen and knew that she did the right thing.  She began to take quick bites and swallow without much touching her taste buds.  She finally noticed that the slave wasnt shitting any more but held his ass there in front of her.  She finally realized he expected her to clean him up so she leaned forward and licked his dirty asshole clean.  She almost puked but remembered the warning she had been given and fought the urge.  She went through the same process again with the next slave.  When she was finally done with relieving the two slaves of their waste, doggyslut presented the dirty dildo to her again.  She now knew better than to refuse so she started licking it clean.  It took her about five minutes to finally get it clean.  When she was done she sighed in relief and lay there throbbing in pain from every part of her body and crying as hard as she had ever cried.

This is end of Chapter 31.
   
Please e-mail comments to 
redlegtiger@hotmail.com 

or visit my blog at My Blog URL:  
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story.  I am always looking for ideas and invite suggestions.  If you are reading this on Storiesonline or BDSM and like the story please vote and comment.  



Redlegtiger
