My Pareo/Sarong 
From: FREEBUFFING Jun-5 10:33 pm 
To: ALL (1 of 8) 
20.1 
I absolutely adore being naked, but unfortunally in our society, I can't always be. I don't know diddly about sewing, but I did know that I could go to my local fabric store, pick out some nice fabric, and buy enough of it to tie around me as a pareo. (I got a friend to hem the edges.) Today, it was HOT so, when it came time for me to have to get dressed, I reached for my pareo. I tied it around my neck, halter style, and let the material drape over my body. I had to run a few errands, AND it was a breeze blowing in over the Bay, so, suffice it say, I was accidently exposed a few times. It was so hot today, I just wanted to take the thing off! 
 
From: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) Jun-9 4:53 pm 
To: FREEBUFFING (2 of 8) 
20.2 in reply to 20.1 
Since I'm a bit unclear, do tell us a little more. For example, how did you have your pareo or sarong brought together in the back? I tend to think of a sarong as a wrap, not a halter. Also, I always thought a pareo or pareu was one of those Tahitian skirts tied at one side and worn really low like a loincloth. So I can't quite picture how you had this thing on. Also, how long or short was it? Did the breeze off the bay expose you under the hem or did it expose your breasts? And who saw? 
Inquiring minds want to know. :-) 
-- Trish 
 
From: FREEBUFFING Jun-10 12:59 am 
To: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) (3 of 8) 
20.3 in reply to 20.2 
It's actually just a piece of material. Sometimes I wear it as a dress, sometimes as a skirt. When I wear it as a dress, I hold each end of it, with my arms stretched out, and I bring the two sides together, and criss cross the ends, and tie them behind my back like a halter, the rest of the material, hangs off my body, forming the dress, when I walk, if I don't pin it, the front, will flap open. When I wear it as a skirt, I just tie it around my hips. Check out http://www.kismethawaii.com, then go to "tie a pareo." I had mine tied similar to "D", but instead of tying it in the front, I just tied it around the back of my neck. 
On the day in question, I was visiting a relative, and one of the neighbors homes was in the process of being remodeled. Lots of construction guys were out! 
 
From: LAZYLINDA2 Jun-10 7:27 pm 
To: FREEBUFFING (4 of 8) 
20.4 in reply to 20.3 
So what do you think those construction guys saw? 
And what did they do or say? 
Yours, Linda 
 
From: FREEBUFFING Jun-11 12:37 am 
To: LAZYLINDA2 (5 of 8) 
20.5 in reply to 20.4 
Well, when it blew open, they saw all of me, 'cause I wasn't wearing nothing under it, but some perfume. 
 
From: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) Jun-11 8:02 am 
To: FREEBUFFING (6 of 8) 
20.6 in reply to 20.5 
And when that happened, did that excite you, embarrass you, or matter very little? 
Did the construction workers give any notable response? 
-- Trish 
 
From: FREEBUFFING Jun-11 9:26 am 
To: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) (7 of 8) 
20.7 in reply to 20.6 
It didn't thrill me, it didn't embarrass me, I really don't know what it did, but I know, I didn't make any effort to close it. I think they were surprised, 'cause they kept looking in my direction, but since I was pretending that I didn't know that they'd seen anything, I couldn't really monitor them looking. 
 
From: LAURAZINN Jun-18 8:38 pm 
To: FREEBUFFING (8 of 8) 
20.8 in reply to 20.7 
Arielle, 
I know exactly what you mean by the pleasures of wearing a pareo or sarong, and nothing else. The way the breeze can flow up and under that light and airy material, it can make you feel really comfortable on a hot day . . . and nude. 
I like to wear my sarong as a short skirt, Tahitian style. Little sarongs for wearing this way are easy to find in swimwear stores or catalogs. They come in various fabrics and sizes and are sold as wraps to wear over bikini bottoms. (See the picture from the Skinz catalog.) 

But nothing is stopping you from wearing it INSTEAD of the bikini . . . if you're daring enough. You might, however, prefer an opaque Polynesian print instead of a semisheer hot red mesh! 
In my own case, what I've done is taken a good-sized square of flower print fabric and folded it in half, bandana style, to make a triangle. Then I've wrapped it about me as a little skirt, looping the ends around each other and pulling tight. I've seen no need to tie the ends into a serious knot or bow. The sarong stays on fine with the ends just looped firmly and left to dangle. And this is true even if, after running around, the fit becomes a little looser. Swimming in this sarong is no problem, either, at least if the surf isn't too rough. But it really does LOOK risky, which is a real turn-on for the guys. 
The actual risks are that someone might be able to see up the skirt or the wind might flip the skirt up. The way I reduce these dangers is by wearing the sarong as far down on my loins as possible, allowing the material to cover more below. This has worked pretty well. And it looks even sexier. 
Instead of a bikini top, I've completed my Tahitian swimwear ensemble with a long and narrow strip of the same flower print fabric. I give this strip a little twist between my breasts and then wrap it about my bosom, bandeau-like, and loop or tie the ends at my back. The ends tend to dangle down to my waist. Then I position this top so it reveals as much of my upper cleavage as I can safely manage. The strip is too narrow, however, to cover all of the lower part of my bosom. So, again, this attracts a lot of attention. 
But that's my risky little home-made swimsuit. I love the way it feels on me--and the looks it attracts. But I have to stay alert when wearing it, especially keeping my eye out for rowdy young guys who've gotten a bit too familiar and have had a few too many drinks and therefore might too easily just pull the whole outfit off. During Spring Break it can be particularly dangerous this way. That's one reason why I'd say that swimwear like this is only for those really daring enough. 
Laura 
 

This file is from the "Dressing Dangerously" Yahoo! Group at: http://http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Dressing-Dangerously/ 
E-mail the manager, Trish Landin, at: Trish_E_Landin@Yahoo.com . 
