DISCLAIMER:
This story is a work of fiction.  Any coincidences are just that, coincidences.

   The Power of Touch by NotVeryNice (notveryniceoneeither@yahoo.com) MC, LONG, INC, ANY COMBO OF MFmf, CON, ROM

   Chapter 3

   I woke up the next morning with a raging hard on.  I rolled over and looked at my clock and saw that it was 6 AM.  I had less than 20 minutes to get to the bus stop.  I got up and got ready as fast as I could.  I went to the bathroom to go brush my teeth and saw that Sam was already there.  She was sitting on the toilet doing her business.  We'd been so close for so long that it didn't bother either of us to go pee with the other in the bathroom.
   Mom and Stupid Steve didn't have to get up to go to work for another hour or so.  She looked at me from the toilet as I go closer to the sink and eyed my hard on. 
   "Having trouble with your morning woody, there?" She loved to tease me. When I turned 12, I would get sudden (what I called) drive-by boners at random times.  She seemed to never miss an opportunity to let me know my pants were tented.  It wasn't until the last few months that she's actually touched it.
   ........
   We were both sitting on the couch on a Saturday evening a few months back.  I was laying on the armrest and Sam was sitting with my legs over her legs.  Mom was out with Stupid Steve on a date.  We were watching some movie that wasn't holding my interest at all.  I did what any normal teen would do.  I started thinking about boobs.  More specifically about Jae's boobs.  Naturally, I started to get hard.  From where Sam was sitting, it was inevitable that she would notice.  She had never actually said anything bad about me getting my drive-by boners so I thought to myself 'screw it'. 
   I had my eyes closed this whole time.  I kept thinking about Jae and all the sudden I felt Sam touch my dick through my shorts with her finger. I opened my eyes and she asked me "Why are you always getting boners?" 
   Not really knowing how to answer that I said "I don't know, it just happens.  Usually it'll go away after I jerk off."
   "Doesn't it hurt to be all hard like that?  The girls in class talk about guys' boners and how they all want girlsto touch it and stuff."
   "It's sort of a good hurt.  It's hard to explain." As I said this I readjusted myself while she watched. 
   "Are they all this big?" She asked innocently. 
   "Some are bigger, some are smaller." She reached over and touched it again.  This time she left her hand there and then used her palm to press on the head.  I grunted softly and she pulled her hand back like she hurt me.
   "You didn't hurt me, it felt good." She tentatively put her hand back and this time she wrapped her fingers around it and squeezed.  I made a satisfied grunt and smirked at her.  She took this as encouragement and kept doing it.  After a few minutes of this I started to want more. 
   "Do you want to see it?" I tentatively asked her.  I was hoping I wouldn't scare her off.
   "I dunno...  Isn't that bad?" She was definitely hesitant.
   "Doesn't feel bad.  Plus, if we don't tell anyone, nobody will know."
   Sam kept squeezing for a few moments more, weighing her options.  Then she slowly nodded, almost imperceptibly.  I lowered my waistband.
   I looked at her and smiled.  Then I lifted my butt and pulled my shorts down.  I'm not hung like a horse, but I'm quite fond of my 7 inches.  She reached out tentatively and took it in her hands again.  "Oh, wow.  It's really hot.  It's like your thing has a fever."
   I looked up at her eyes.  "My thing?"
   "Yeah, your...  dick." She acted like she was saying a bad word or something.
   "Sam, you do know there is nothing wrong with saying that, right?"
   "I know!  It's just weird..."
   Skin on skin contact was so much better than through my shorts.  Even more so now that it's not my hands doing the contact.  "Try to rub it up and down."
   She glanced at me then back at my dick.  Her hand started to pump and the sensations were, well, sensational.
   She saw a bit of pre-cum seep out the tip.  "What's that?" She asked pointing at it with her other hand.
   "It's pre-cum.  It's like a lubricant.  Try to smear it over the head.  "She did so and it was exponentially better than when it was dry, causing more to seep out.
   "Are you cumming?" She asked when she saw that more was coming out.
   "Uhnn...  No, you're just making me feel really good and the better it feels the more comes out.  Where did you learn about this anyway?"
   "The girls at school.  That's basically all they talk about.  Boys and sex."
   "Well, have they talked about blowjobs at all?" I asked her, hopeful. 
   "Yeah, of course.  They all say it's the best way to avoid actually having sex.  Why?  Do you want one?"
   "I would never turn one down from you.  I would love you forever if you gave me a blowjob right now."
   "Haha!  They also did mention that guys will pretty much do whatever you want when you have their dicks in your hand.  Or mouth..." She leaned down after she said that and took a tentative lick of the newly emerged pre-cum.  "It's not bad." She said.  She pushed my legs onto the floor and then without another word she took the whole head in her mouth. 
   "Oh fuck.  Yeah, that's good.  Keep going." I was starting to feel that tightening behind my balls.  "Do they say anything about swallowing?"
   She just nodded and kept bobbing her head.  Her tongue would circle around the head and she would bob back down.  I wondered if she's done this before.  I put my hand on her shoulder and squeezed lightly and began to involuntarily buck my hips.  She redoubled her efforts and that did the trick.  I blew everything I had into her hot mouth.  She was expecting it, I guess, because she clamped her lips around the head and sucked harder. 
   After what felt like damn near eternity, my dick stopped throbbing in her mouth and she lifted off.  I saw her visibly swallow and smile at me.
"Holy shit that was sexy!" I told her.  "Who taught you to do that??" 
   "Jae." Now that was a surprise.  I guess I was telegraphing what I was thinking because Sam started to laugh at me.  "What?" She asked between her chuckles. 
   "When did you and Jae practice blowjobs?" 
   "We didn't blow a guy together, if that's what you're thinking.  She's got this vibrator that she showed me and we practiced on that."
    "You just went up to Jae and asked her if you could practice giving blowjobs on her vibrator?  How did you know she even had a vibrator?" I was very intrigued by all this. 
   Sam blushed a little when she responded.  "Cuz we've played with it before.  We have been for a while now.  She's really nice you know, not just a pair of tits." 
   "Wow.  I'm not mad or anything, I just think it's hot that you're messing around with Jae.  And I don't think that Jae is just a pair of tits, by the way.  How did all that start, anyway?"
   "Well, I've always seen your...  dick...  poking your pants and I was curious.  I would, like, die if I asked mom about it, so I asked the next best person.  She showed me some stuff on her vibrator and one thing led to another and all of the sudden I was laying on her bed naked and her mouth was on my clit and her vibrator was inside me...  Do you think that's weird?"
   After a few moments passed and the information sunk in...  "Are you kidding me?  That's gotta be the sexiest thing I've ever heard!  Did you put the vibrator in her too?" 
   "So you don't think it's weird that I was having sex with your best friend's sister who happens to be your crush?"
   "Hell no, Sam!  It's awesome!" I replied excitedly. 
   "Oh.  OK then." She smiled.  "Yes, I did use the vibrator on her too.  She calls him George." Sam giggled when she said that.  She has a really
cute giggle. 
   "Do you want me to return the favor?" I asked her this while I looked at her crotch.
   "You'd do that?  I'm your sister, though..."
   "I think we are way passed that, aren't we?" I motioned to my still slightly hard dick.
   She giggled again and lifted her butt to pull her shorts down.  I just stared at the first pussy I've seen outside of the computer or TV.  It was perfect.  She had smooth puffy lips and no hair to speak of.  I leaned down slowly and she spread her legs to give me access.  I've seen quite a few porn videos where they do this, so I know a little bit about what to do, but no real-world experience.  I know that her clit is inside her slit at the top.  I decided to start there.  I pressed my tongue between her lips and pressed upwards.  She moaned and it encouraged me to do it again.  I felt a little nub at the top and I figure that this was her clit.  I pulled her lips apart and sucked in her clit's general direction and she nearly tore my head off with her legs.  I pulled back and looked at her.  "Ow!  Watch your legs!" I was half laughing as I said it and she giggled at me again.
   "Sorry.  It's just sensitive and felt good.  Now get back down there and finish..." She grabbed the back of my head and basically shoved my face into her pussy.  I didn't mind being manhandled all that much because this was the first pussy I've eaten.  I continued to push and pull her clit with my tongue and she would make her adorable mewling noises.  I figured I was doing something right, so I kept on doing it.  After a few more minutes, I decided to spice it up a little and I put my fingers at the entrance to her pussy.  She didn't change pitch of her mewling or anything so I wet my fingers from our combined lubrication there and slowly inserted my fingers. 
   One thing for sure is that I was glad I watched porn.  I would have been really embarrassed if I got down here and didn't know what to do.  I also remember reading some stories and how they say that she had something called a 'g-spot' right inside to the top.  I curled my finger up like I was telling her to come closer and she started to rotate her hips a little more wildly.  I pulled back and got a second finger lubed and tried it again with two fingers.  Once again, she gyrated her hips.  I could feel that she was getting close so I tried one last thing.  I bit down lightly but firmly on her clit and she cried out and started to jerk her hips.  I couldn't keep contact with my teeth without hurting her, so I resolved to just suck on her clit while I still told her to come here with my two fingers.
   She was buckling for quite a while.  30 or 40 seconds at least.  I know that, for me, after 10 seconds I'm done cumming.  She reached down with her hands and pushed my head away.  "Enough.  Enough...  God that was nice..." She had a really relaxed look on her face.  I guess I did good, hehe.  She seemed to have her thoughts in line again because she started giggling at me. 
   "What?" I asked her. 
   "Your face is completely soaked..." More giggles.  "That was good...  You've done that before, haven't you?"
   "No.  First time." I responded as I got up.  We heard the garage door opening and looked at each other with wide eyes.  "Shit!  Mom's home!  Quick, put your clothes on!" I told her as I pulled up my shorts. 
   "Well of course, doofus.  I'm not going to sit here with my vagina hanging out and wait for mom!" She retorted as she pulled her shorts up.  "You need to go wash your face!"
   "Crap!  OK, I'm going upstairs."
   ...............................
   That was our first time together.  I don't think that mom or Stupid Steve realized what we did.  Since then, every chance we got, we were being some sort of naughty.  It was just our thing and I think that it's one of the reasons why we trust each other so much. 
   "So do you need some help or not?" She asked me as she got off the toilet and flushed.
   "I don't think we have time." I said dejectedly.  "We gotta be at the bus stop in less than 20 minutes."
   "That's what you get for oversleeping.  I've been up for 25 minutes already.  I'm ready to go."
   "Lucky you!" I told her sarcastically. 
   "*Sigh* Here, turn this way." She motioned for me to stand at the sink and turn sideways towards the bathtub.  She got on her knees in front of me and looked up.  I was just staring at her.  "Well, brush your teeth." She said this as she pulled my boxers down.  God, I love this girl!  She took me in her mouth and worked on me expertly.  After a few dozen times, you kind of get to know what your partner likes.  She likes it when I tickle her asshole with my tongue.  I like it when she uses her nails lightly on my balls.  She pulled out all the stops and had me going hard as a rock before the toothbrush was even in my mouth. 
   "Don't you dare drip toothpaste on my head!" She warned me in the brief moment that she pulled her mouth off my dick.  She basically rammed my dick into her throat after that.  I tried my best to brush my teeth.  I supposed I was doing an OK job brushing my teeth, but I was very distracted.  She would deep throat me then suck on my head and repeat.  On one such time that she pulled me out of her throat she started to jack me off and looked at me.  "Hurry up and cum.  We gotta go!" Then she proceeded to jam my cock into her throat again.  It didn't take long.  I was so close already and her saying that just set me off.  I hosed her throat with about what felt like 2 gallons of cum.  She kept me in her throat so she wouldn't choke and waited until I stopped throbbing.
   When she felt I was ready, she pulled me out and put me away.  She stood up and patted my dick.  "All better." she said as she walked past and kissed my cheek.  I just smiled and finished brushing my teeth.  
   I walked out to the bus stop with Sam.  We made it by the skin of our teeth.  The bus was just pulling up when we got to the bus stop.  Eddie was already up and ready to get on the bus when he spotted us.
   "Hey guys!  Hurry up!" We got in line behind him and boarded the bus. 
   I let Sam get on before me.  Eddie chose an empty seat and I nudged Sam to go sit next to him.  She glanced back and me and glared for a split second...  Then sat next to Eddie.  I took the seat right behind them and leaned over the back of theirs.  "Guess what I figured out last night, guys!"
   "That you suddenly love me and you want to run away and get married and move to Sweden where we can spend the rest of our lives as exotic dog breeders and start our own reality TV show that is going to go viral and have it's own American spin off and we, then, get invited to travel back here where we can meet the newly elected president who happens to be Donald Trumps son?" Eddie sarcastically asked.
   "That you're secretly a woman and you want to come out to the world in a big blazing cross-dressing glory and have your own TV show on MTV?" Sam was ever sharp as a whip...
   "What??  No!  Eddie, what the fuck, dude?" We all started laughing.  When it died down a little bit I leaned in again and attempted to elaborate. "I can do that same thing I did yesterday to animals."
   "Huh?" Sam said.  Eddie asked me "Like Dr.  Doolittle?" 
   "Yeah, sort of, but better.  Same as with you and Danny, I can change things in animals, too."
   "Did you give your chameleon an 8-inch dick?" Sam said.
   "Haha, no, not this time." I responded laughing at that mental image.  "Although...  That'd be something to see, huh?"
   They looked at me astonished.  "I'm kidding!  Jeez!" I laughed.  They did a half laugh, not completely convinced that I was kidding.
   "Hey, Aaron, show Eddie that thing you did with your arm!" Sam asked hushed.
   I looked around and put my arm between them.  Then I focused on myself and visualized writing in cursive on my arm.  A message appeared baring the words 'Eddie is gay!' in hot pink on my arm.  "Whoa!!  That's so cool, man!" Eddie seemed to be impressed.
   "It's cool that you're gay, Eddie?" Sam again...
   We all shared a laugh and he lightly smacked her thigh below her short shorts.  He let his hand stay there though.  I saw it, but didn't draw attention to it.     "Oh, ha ha, Sam!" Eddie could take a joke.  He's good like that.  He turned to me, pressing his hand more on her thigh and putting his fingers a little bit in between them.  "What do you think you could do with that now, 'talking' to animals? 
   "I don't know yet.  Maybe I can get a bunch of poisonous spiders to go kill criminals." 
   "Heyyy, there's an idea!" Sam said and turned towards me too.  She put one of her hands on Eddie's hand and held him there as she turned, pushing it further between her legs.  "You should definitely do that.  Image the headlines: 'Every crook ever has been inexplicably killed by poisonous spiders.  No one else was hurt.  Full story at 7'.  That would be interesting, huh?" "Not a bad idea.  I'd have to think about all that.  In the meantime, Eddie, Sam...  You guys gotta promise...  No, vow to me that you arent going to tell anyone about what I can do." 
   They looked at each other and I'll be damned if I didn't notice Eddie squeeze Sam's tight as he said "Yeah, man, I won't tell a soul."
   "Me neither.  What would I do without you, big brother?" She took her hand off Eddie's and gave me a one-armed hug.  Eddie took his hand off her leg and held his fist out to me.  I bumped him and thought for a bit.
   "If you guys can think of anything I could do that would be good for everyone, let me know, huh?  I feel like I've watched too many superhero movies and now I feel like I have the responsibility to do something." 
   "That's a good idea, dude.  I'll let you know if I think of anything." "Yeah, for sure."
   I sat back and closed my eyes.  We were still on Turner St, so leaning on the window was out of the question.  I jostled enough just sitting there. I focused my senses on people on the bus.  Normal stuff, really.  There was one kid with a bit of a thyroid problem.  That was probably that awkward overweight kid that always sat by himself in the front.  The bus driver seems to have scarring in her lungs.  Probably from all the smoking. Everyone else seems to be in good health. 
   I opened my eyes and saw Eddie and Sam talking.  It's about time.  Seriously. 
   The rest of the ride was uneventful.  We got to school and Sam went to her classes while Eddie and I went to the opposite side to where our classes were.  We got to the collection of trailers that our first few periods were in and he went to his first period, waving to me when he turned off.  I walked up the steps to my trailer and walked through the door to my homeroom.  The teacher was at her desk doing whatever teachers do and the students were chatting among themselves.  I went to my usual seat and sat down. 
   I looked around and saw that nobody was paying attention to me.  I decided to do some remote recon.  I was scanning people left and right and they were all healthy 15-year-old's.  I opened my eyes and thought some more.  I looked to my left to where Sasha normally sat.  She wasn't here yet.  I wonder if there is something I can do to make her like me...  An idea struck me.  I pulled out my homework and waited.  I always hated doing homework at home so I always make sure to do it before I leave school.  She walked in the door in all her glory.  She's a good 5'5", dark brown hair always done up in some sexy new way, beautiful blue eyes, and a very nice and toned lacrosse body. 
   She walked towards her chair and sat down.  I leaned over to her.  "Hey, Sasha, did you do your homework?  I had a question about one of the things on there." 
   Sasha looked at me and said "Yeah, hold on.  Let me get it out." 
   "Sure." I replied.  I formulated what I wanted to change on her, and kept it in mind.  She pulled out a piece of papers with numbers all over it in the typical girly handwriting.  You know the kind: curve curve line dash line line curve curve....  I reached over to grab it and closed my eyes while focusing.  When I made contact with her hand, I changed her.  She's now going to get extremely horny and her pituitary is going to release a small flood of endorphins every time she looks at me.  Once she and I start making more physical contact, I'll be able to make more changes.  For now, that should be enough. 
   "Thanks!" I told her as I made to compare hers to mine.  She wasn't paying attention so I just kept looking at it for a few more seconds then I tapped her arm, making sure to send surges of pleasure every time I touched her.  I saw her shiver as she turned to me. 
   "No problem.  You figured out what...  what it was you were confused about?" She paused a bit between the 'whats' because that was the  first time she looked at me.  I bet her pussy is really wet right now.  I grinned at her like I knew exactly what it is she is feeling. 
   "Yeah, I had it right, I was just checking.  Thanks." I reached over and touched her arm again as I thanked her and had her pleasure center go haywire for a bit when I touched her and I told it to linger for a few minutes after I let go.  I don't think she's going to pay much attention today.  She kept stealing glances at me throughout the class. 
   I spent the rest of the period resting my brain.  I knew that 3rd period was the class with Ms.  Walker.  She was one hot number.  She's a couple years out of college and this is her first teaching gig.  She's got a knack for getting the students to understand Grammar.  Maybe people pay attention to her because she reeks of sensuality.  You know how they say some people don't even have to try, while others have to work at it day and night to look and act sexy?  Well, she doesn't have to try.  Maybe she doesn't even realize it. 
   Second period was history and even paying minimal attention to the lecture, I was still catching everything.  I could probably catch everything in my sleep.  Not that the teacher there was boring, on the contrary, he's a great teacher.  I just had more important things to think about than WW1.  That did give me an idea and I filed away the thought of getting recorded lectures and playing them to myself when I slept so I would already know stuff without having to pay any attention in class. 
   I thought about things I could try to do.  One thing I definitely needed to figure out was how to get the teachers to let me be in class.  I know that the second layer was emotions and maybe if I tried something there, I might have some success.  They needed to believe that everything I said was right without question. 
   I thought to myself for a bit.  What kind of person has others do things for them and think that they are gods?  Kings and Pharaohs.  Why did their people do those things?  They either loved them, feared them, had great respect for them, or admired them.  I already know that I can have someone feel something each time they look at me.  So, if I give them a really strong cocktail of all 4 each time they looked at me, it should do the trick. 
   Now the next problem: How to deliver this cocktail inconspicuously.  If I try to be sneaky, it might backfire.  Taking a direct route might have the best chance of delivery without having them suspect anything.  I'll just go up to Mr.  Pitts and shake his hand and thank him for being a great teacher.  That seems simple enough.  Of course, I wouldn't reap the benefits until tomorrow, but who's complaining? 
   I wonder if this cocktail will work on animals too?  I can just imagine myself with a huge animal kingdom ready to defend me to the death.  That'd be something!  I should find a better test subject than a chameleon though. A dog would be a good choice, but who's dog am I going to use?  There is that one really friendly white dog on the way to the gas station from my house.  I could try on him.  It's a shame that his owners leave it in their backyard all day and night long. 
   The bell rang and I started to gather my stuff.  I took my time so that most students had already left the classroom.  I held the cocktail recipe in my head while I walked up to Mr.  Pitts.  I extended my hand and he looked at me a bit skeptically but took it.  I blinked and changed him.  "I just wanted to tell you that I'm glad you're one of my teachers and I wanted to say thank you." 
   He got this funny look on his face.  "Oh.  Well, you're welcome and thank you, Mr.  Gordon." He let go of my hand. 
   I decided to try the changes out.  "Hey Mr.  Pitts.  I think I have a good grasp of pretty much everything that happened in World War 1. I want to take the midterm early." 
   "Oh, of course!  Of course!  How soon would you like to take it Mr.  Gordon, sir?" Sounds like it worked. 
   "On second thought, I think I will just take them with the rest of the students.  Oh, and you don't need to call me sir.  Just call me Mr.  Gordon, like you always have." 
   "No problem Mr.  Gordon.  As you wish." 
   "Sounds good.  Thanks Mr.  Pitts." I turned around and started to walk out of the classroom. 
   Mr.  Pitts called out as I left.  "Have a good day, Mr.  Gordon!" 
   "You too!" I yelled back over my shoulder.  I walked past some students trying to walk into the classroom. 
   I knew I spent quite a bit of my 5 minutes between classes waiting for everyone to leave and talking to Mr.  Pitts, so I had to hurry to my next class.  I briskly walked down the hallway, dodging people, and walked in the doorway to Ms.  Walker's class.  I sat down and a few seconds later the bell rang.  She went right into the lesson plan without delay.  I pulled out my notebook.  I didn't have time to stop by my locker. 
   I watched her as she explained this and that about verbs and adjectives and such.  She was one of those teachers that liked to walk between desks and up and down the rows.  On one such pass, I 'accidentally' touched her arm and gave her the same cocktail.  I only added one little thing to it. She would get extremely horny every time she looked at me.  I couldn't pass up that opportunity. 
   I spent all lesson asking questions or answering her questions just to make her look my way.  She seemed to look visibly uncomfortable, I wonder why?  I was just being a good student, after all.  Hehe... 
   After that very enjoyable class was lunch.  I moseyed down the hall to the cafeteria.  Our school lunches were barely considered fit for human consumption.  Lunch period's only saving grace was the fact that they served pizza in the next line over.  I got into that line and waited.  I spotted Laura right outside the doorway of where the pizza line exits.  She was standing with the normal 'cool kids' which basically consisted of most of the jocks and cheerleaders.  I've wanted her for ages and here is my chance. 
   I stepped through the 'in' doorway to get my pizza.  The whole time there I was thinking of what I'd do to get Laura.  She was born in Denmark and came to the U.S.  when she was a baby.  It's not often you have beauties like this, so any detail about their lives floats through the rumor mill readily.  She has long dirty blonde hair, cute nose, clear skin, big green eyes, nice medium sized tits, and a body of someone who's done gymnastics and cheerleading her whole life.  She was also a genuinely nice person.  Not like some of her fellow cheerleaders who would scoff at you for trying to talk to them. 
   I paid the lunch lady and walked out the doorway.  They give us these paper plates, so I put one of my slices on top of the other and folded the plate so I could hold the pizza better.  Since Laura was right there, I didn't have to walk much to get to her.  I walked behind her and brushed her arm while closing my eyes and focusing.  I was getting good at changing people in an instant.  I gave her the same cocktail I gave Ms.  Walker plus a couple of additions.  She now sees me as her king and her erogenous zones have much higher sensitivity and responsiveness. 
   I opened my eyes again and continued to walk, except I was also close to Chad, the big dumb gorilla they get to throw footballs around at games.  He's pretty good at that.  He also didn't miss an opportunity to be a dickhead to anyone smaller than him, which was basically the whole school. 
   He pushed me away from him.  I'm not a tiny guy, I'm about 5'10" and I weigh about 155 or so.  He almost took me off my feet anime-style.  I had increased my reflexes along with all those other things in my body, so I was able to deftly divert the brunt of his push and kept going.  I did save my pizza, but I dropped my backpack.  He didn't even notice, nor did he stop his conversation.  I was apparently beneath his notice.  Maybe I should change him into a 5'3" scrawny little thing that needs glasses.  That would teach him... 
   I walked away from Chad and his nonsense and spotted Sam and Eddie sitting close together.  The cafeteria gets packed not even 5 minutes after lunch starts.  I only had to dodge 3 people before I reached Eddie's table.  I sat down in a huff and Sam looked at me.  "What happened? Someone pee in your backpack?" Where does she come up with this stuff? 
   "No, Chad decided to use me as a training tool and pushed me just because I walked near him.  I dropped my bag, but I saved my pizza." I replied. 
   Sam reached over and put her hand on mine.  "Don't worry about that Neanderthal.  Karma is a bitch.  Speaking of karma, I've been thinking.  What do you think about helping people around here?  You know, like the ones who would benefit a lot from just a little push.  You see that girl over there?" She pointed to her right with her eyes.  "The one with the really bad acne?  I bet that her self-esteem and self-image would get a big boost from a little nudge from you, O Merciful One." She smiled a little bit as she refereed to me as a god. 
   Eddied lifted both his hands up and bowed to me in reverence.  "I am not worthy..." He kept half whispering. 
   I tore a bit of the crust off my pizza and threw it at his head "Cut that nonsense out, you guys!" I laughed at them.  "That's actually a really good idea, though, Sam.  I'll just have to figure out a way to do this so that they don't think I had anything to do with their life altering changes."
   Sam piped up excitedly "I already thought of that.  Her name is Andrea Taylor.  She's in 3 of my classes.  I've had a few group projects with her and she's really nice.  She's just so shy and introverted.  I was able to get her to open up a little.  She's got a big crush on you." She smiled at me.
   I felt my face flush a little.  This was the first time I've heard of anyone having a crush on me.  "Well, how do you plan on having me make physical contact with her?"
   Sam looked at me and Eddie with a mischievous smile.  "Slumber party." Was all she said.
   "What do you mean a 'slumber party'?  You think mom will go for that?  Even if she says yes, who are you going to invite?"
   "Just 2 or 3 people.  I can get mom to say yes.  I have my ways, you know." 
   Eddie couldn't resist responding to that.  "Hey, Aaron, can I come spend the night at your house that night?  You know, for moral support..." He would ask that...
   I laughed a bit at Eddie.  "Sure.  You just gotta promise to keep it in your pants." 
   "What if I lose my pants somewhere?" 
   "I will let you borrow different pants.  Jeez!  Ha ha" 
   The bell rang signaling the end of lunch.  We all said our goodbyes and headed to our classes.  I had quite a bit to think about.  Sam had a good point.  I do have a great opportunity to help people, but I didn't want to get trampled by people requesting I make their dicks or tits bigger.  I don't think that this should by my main focus when I help people, I should be thinking about all the disabled people who have no say in how they were born.  That was something worth think about.  
   I settled down in my chair at the next class.  I did some remote recon as people were filing in.  They were basically all healthy, except one guy who was walking in on crutches.  His name was Dave and he was in track I believe.  He sat a couple of rows to my right.  The seat behind him was empty, so I got up and went to sit behind him.  He seemed like a good guy. I've just never really talked to him.  I leaned down and asked him if he had a pen I could borrow while he was looking through his bag. 
   "Yeah, hold on." He pulled out one of his extra ones and handed it to me. I kept in mind what I wanted to change and as I grabbed the pen, I made contact with his fingers.  I didn't want him to immediately be healed, but I sped it up for him.  He should be 100% in a few days.  "I want it back, though." He looked at me when he said that. 
   "Sure, dude.  I'll give it back at the end of class.  Thanks." 
   The rest of class was pretty uneventful.  We had a pop quiz halfway through the class.  The teacher liked to roam the rows of desks when he gives out tests or quizzes to discourage cheating.  As he passed by my desk, I made to lean back on my chair as I swung my arm slightly outwards. I made contact with his hand and made the same changes to him as I did to Mr.  Pitts.  I already finished my quiz so I started to ponder some more.
   I should give the changes packages names...  There's the ones I gave Mom and Sam, that should be the Basic Female Enhancement Package.  The one I did to Stupid Steve should be Basic Happiness.  Danny's and Eddie's should be the Basic Male Enhancement.  The teachers should be the Basic Adult Package.  Then there's the one I gave Laura.  Hmm...  That one I should save for girls I like.  Maybe I'll call it Crush Package.
   I snickered to myself.  I'm sitting here in class naming the different moves of my super powers.  I do play too much video games.
   At the bell, I handed Dave his pen with another "Thanks." and collected my stuff to leave.
   At the next class I walked and saw that I was one of the first ones in the classroom.  The teacher, Mrs.  Palmer, was erasing the blackboard.  She was probably 60 years old and kinda fat and dumpy.  She was a really nice lady and always made time for her students, so I figured I could help her too.  I tapped on her arm and gave her the Basic Female and the Adult Package, I just removed the constant cell regeneration so she wouldn't all of the sudden start reverting back to her 20's, but I bet her body quality would improve immensely.  She turned around and asked: "Yes, Mr.  Gordon?" 
   "I just wanted to ask if we had homework last night.  I couldn't remember if we did." A white lie is OK every now and then, right? 
   "Not last night, Mr.  Gordon." She turned back around and finished washing the board.  "Oh, by the way Mrs.  Palmer.  I can do whatever I want in your class from now on." Taking everything I say as law and truth, she says: "Very good, Mr.  Gordon.  Just keep it down, please." "Sure thing, Mrs.  Palmer.  By the way, you're looking pretty good today, are you losing weight?"
    Mrs.  Palmer had a big smile on her face as she looked my way again.  "Why, thank you Mr.  Gordon.  That's very kind of you, but no, I don't think I lost any." 
   "I dunno, you should check tonight.  It looks like you are losing weight." I knew she would be, but what's the harm in a compliment now?
   I went to my seat and sat down.  This class was set in the lab which doubled as a classroom.  She would teach from the board up front and would rarely ever move around the classroom.  In this class, we had assigned seats made by last name order.  I got lucky because the seating arrangement meant Amy Goodman sat next to me.  Our table was in the back of the class room.  Mrs.  Palmer just went down the line and we got put in the corner of the class.  Next to us was another table with a bunch of lab tools put away into their own plastic receptacles and a whole bunch of books we all used for our labs.  
   She was a quiet girl.  Medium length dark brown hair dyed red, a little shorter than me, pretty freckles on her nose and cheeks, and one of the most beautiful smiles I've seen.  I think she was quiet and reserved because she had a lisp (who was the wise guy who decided to name this particular affliction that anyway??). 
   We've chatted a bit before and she seemed like a real nice girl, just very very deep in her shell.  I decided to help her too, but I wanted to have some fun and possibly give her some fun.  I made a movement with my arm without looking her way and made contact with her arm.  I quickly fixed her lisp, made the crush (with one addition that she would get increasingly horny when she sensed me with any of her 5 senses), and the Adult Package changes to her.  I kept looking away and acted like it was just an accident.  I fished out my stuff from my bag and settled it onto the shared desk we had. 
   I pulled my chair much closer to her than I usually have it and leaned over next to her ear.  "Nod if you can hear me." She nodded almost imperceptibly. 
   "Don't be scared or shy, there's no need.  I'm not going to hurt you.  I'd never let anything bad happen to you.  Do you understand?" She visibly relaxed a little and let a hand fall to her lap conspicuously close to her crotch.  I was sitting very close to her so she was getting hornier every time I spoke and every time she took a breath. 
   She nodded much more visually.  "You trust me with everything you are, right?" 
   "Of course I do!"  She said a little too loudly. 
   I didn't want her to draw anyone else's attention.  "Shhhhh, let's play a game.  Don't make any noise, OK?  Not a peep." She smiled and glanced at me with her pretty sky blue eyes.  She nodded and faced back to the front. 
   Amy was wearing these comfortable looking black sweat pants and a big grey hoodie.  Her hoodie wasn't all that thick, but it seemed to be so big she could swim inside it.  "OK, now you're going to take your bra and shirt off without taking your hoodie off.  Just zip your hoodie up and nobody will notice."
   I could tell she was getting increasingly turned on and even more so when I told her to go take her shirt and bra off.  She looked in my eyes for a moment.  She had never done anything like this in her life, I bet.  She knew that she trusted me beyond life itself, so she pulled her hands inside her hoodie.  I saw her move around inside and she leaned down to her backpack. She came back up with her arms through the hoodie sleeves again and showed me her shirt.  It was a black tank top or something.  She held it between her and the table to show me and set it down on her lap.  Once more her arms retreated into her hoodie and she fidgeted inside the immense looking garment.  Her hands poked outside the sleeves again and she reached underneath the bottom of her hoodie and pulled out her pink bra.  Then took them both and stuffed them in her backpack. 
   I leaned over again.  "That's a very good job.  I'm proud of you.  Now, for this next part, you need to look forward and not make any noise, OK?  Let's see how good you are at following those instructions." 
   She studiously paid attention to what Mrs.  Palmer was saying up at the front of the class.  I focused on her while mostly looking ahead, I had to keep up appearances for the other students, after all.  She was about to cum right here in class, she was so turned on.  I reached over to the bottom of her hoodie and pulled it out a little so it didn't bunch up as I told her "Lean forward on the table." She put her elbows on the table and continued to look ahead.  I reached underneath her hoodie and lightly rubbed on her flat soft tummy.  She visibly shivered.  I traced my fingers up her tummy and felt the bottom of her tits.  I went back and forth on her under-boob, slowly edging my way to her nipples.  I touched her right nipple lightly and kept going.  I can tell she just wanted to close her eyes and enjoy it, but she just stayed there looking ahead and looking like she was paying attention. 
   I took her nipple between my thumb and finger and lightly pinched it and rolled it back and forth.  She had really nice pencil eraser nipples that fit perfectly between your fingers.  I could feel that she loved it.  She was probably also wondering why they are so sensitive.  I let go and reached across and circled my hand on her left tit and gently squeezed and played with it.  Who knew that quiet little Amy had such amazing tits?  She always hides them in her hoodie, so I suppose that was why it was easy to miss.  I spent a good 5 or 10 minutes just playing with her epic rack.  Each second turning her on more and more.  I saw that she was breathing hard and I decided to be gracious and connected her clit to her nipples and pinched her right nipple hard. 
   She let her left arm fall silently to the tables edge and held onto it for dear life while she had her right hand planted firmly on her book.  Her head was looking down and she was quietly shaking.  She did an amazing job keeping that huge orgasm quiet and not attracting attention to us.  I flicked her nipple (leaving her clit and nipples connected) and saw her shiver again while I withdrew my hand from her hoodie.  She shook for a little while longer and I sat there and watch, proud of myself.  I'm beginning to think that causing a girl to cum might just be my biggest turn on. 
   When she was done riding those nice waves she looked at me with utter happiness in her eyes.  "Did you like that?" I whispered to her. 
   She pulled her notebook back to her and used her pretty girl handwriting to write out 'THAT WAS AMAZING!!  What did you do to me?  I've never cummed so hard in my life and you didn't even touch my pussy!' 
   I quietly chuckled at her note.  "I treat all my girls like this." 
   Wide-eyed, she looked at me and wrote some more.  'I can be one of your girls?'
   "You were one of my girls as soon as you took your shirt and bra off without any complaint.  I wanted to see if you had what it took." 
   She made an excited gesture with her hands and had a huge smile on her face.  "Yes, Ms.  Goodman?  Do you have a question?" Mrs.  Palmer mistook her hand gesture for raising her hand. 
   "No, I'm sorry, I was just stretching." She was able to think on the fly too.  I like this girl. 
   'Sorry, I spoke...  Mrs.  Palmer called on me.......  :(' 
   I smiled at her.  She knows when to do what I say and when not to.  "Sweetie, you handled that great.  If it wasn't for your quick thinking, Mrs.  Palmer might have thought something was wrong back here." 
   She visibly shuddered at my praise.  I hadn't been focusing on her, but it looked like she just came.  "Did you just cum?" I whispered.
   'Yes!  It wasn't a very strong one, but it was very nice!' She wrote when she calmed down a bit. 
   "Cum for me again." She shuddered again, clenching her hand on the pen. Then she opened her eyes again. 
   'Yes, master.' I was already turned on from playing with her epic tits earlier, but her calling me master was a surprising addition to that.  My dick was straining against my shorts something fierce.  I adjusted myself so it wasn't so tight in there.  She noticed and wrote 'Here, let me....' Then reached down and grabbed my rock-hard dick.  I needed to let that beast out, there was no way I was going to walk down the hallway with a tent this big in my pants.  It didn't take much to let him out since I was wearing shorts that didn't zip or button up.  I just pulled my pants down a bit and she caught my dick on the upswing.  Luckily the desks are nearly chest high and all of this was concealed. 
   She pumped my cock slowly and I savored every second.  I had an urgent need though and I let her know that by grabbing her wrist and speeding her up.  It didn't take very long for my dick to start throbbing.  I knew it was coming and so did she.  I saw her glance around and nobody was looking my way so she leaned down and sucked the head into her mouth and pumped harder.  I came almost instantly into her mouth and she caught it all. 
   After I was done, she put me away and turned her head towards me.  I looked at her and she opened her mouth to show me that she had saved all my spunk in her mouth.  Then she visibly swallowed and smiled with her eyes closed.  Holy crap, Batman!  This girl was hiding in plain sight, too!  She wrote down 'MMMMM, that was yummy.  Thank you, master!  Maybe I could have some more soon?' 
   This girl is amazing.  Why was she always so shy, then?  I needed to find out the truth.  I leaned in and whispered to her.  "Hey, you know you have to tell me the absolute truth, right?" 
   She nodded and started writing on her notepad.  I asked her why she was so quiet all the time and why she knows so much about sex.  Turns out that she had run away from home, if you can call it that, because her dad was abusing her.  She lived in the streets for a few months when a cop saw her walking around and questioned her.  He looked her up and found out her mom was killed by her dad when he found out that she ran away and he's now in jail.  Her mom had been no peach either.  She wasn't directly mean to her, but she watched as he did all the terrible stuff he did.  She was put into the foster care system and started going to school here. 
   Man...  This girl just wanted to belong and be loved.  This explained why she had no self-confidence and why she knew so much about sex.  Her dad most likely made her do a lot of things she didn't want to.  I vowed to myself then and there that I would take care of her as much as I could.  I whispered back to her when she finished telling me her story.  'I wanted you to know that I'm here for you and if you need anything, you just ask, OK?' 
   'All I need is you.' 
   The bell rang and we all started to gather our stuff.  "Hey, Amy?" 
   She looked my way, still not speaking.  I smiled.  "You can talk now." 
   "Oh ok.  I wasn't sure if I could, but I wasn't going to do anything until you told me it's OK." Her eyes went wide.  "It's.  It's.  What happened to my lisp?" 
   "Oh, I fixed it.  Just don't tell anyone it was me.  OK?
   She flung herself at me and gave me a big hug.  We parted and she smiled her beautiful smile at me and gathered her bag.
   "I was going to ask you if you wanted to come over this weekend." 
   "Really?  I would love to!  This is the best day ever!"  She hugged me again, but we had to get to our next class and I cut the hug short.
   "See you Saturday, I'll text you my address." We had been sitting next to each other all year and had to work on a couple of projects together, so I already had her number.
   "OK!" She smiled again as we parted ways.
   I had P.E.  next so I headed to the gym.  I went into the locker room and saw Eddie.  We quickly got changed and headed out to the bleachers to wait for the teacher.  We had a nice view of the females streaming out of their locker room.  We chatted about nothing and watched the cute girls until the gym teacher came out.  We were going to play soccer today.  Not bad, I liked soccer.
   Gym was like any other day.  We had a good time.
   After we changed back I headed to Study Hall.  I needed to get my homework done here so I wouldn't have to do it at home.  It didn't take long because I remembered everything from the lectures and I could read really fast now, too.
   I got to the bus before Sam and Eddie and sat down.  Sam came and sat next to me and Eddie showed up soon after and got the seat behind us.
   He leaned over his seat and asked me "You're trying to help people, right, Aaron?"
   "Yeah.  I helped Amy Goodman with her lisp and Mrs. Palmer with her... oldness.  Why?"
   "Well, I was hoping you could help my mom.  She's been complaining about pains in her hands and back, but she can't afford to go to the doctor for it."
   "Oh, yeah man, I'll do what I can for her."
   "Awesome!  Thanks, bro!" He leaned back on his seat.
   "You're a really good person, you know that?" Sam told me.
   "Well, what good is having an ability like this if I can't help people?"
   "Still, many people would probably do a lot of selfish things with it."
   "I still have my selfish moments, but it turns out that even in my selfishness I helped Amy.  She was a really quiet kid because she had a really rough past.  I guess I gave her a reason to hope now.  She's one of my girls now."
   "Your girls?  Are you starting a harem or something?"
   "I thought about it.  I figured it would be more like a family.  Any of my girls would be ecstatic to be there, anyway.  I'd take care of them and give them a happy place to go to, even if they lived somewhere else.  Hope is powerful, you know." 
   "Yeah, that's true.  Am I one of your girls?" 
   "Pshhh, you are my main girl!  I'm not giving you up.  Whatever guy tries to take you is going to have to go through me!"
   "You're a pretty great big brother, you know." Sam smiled and hugged me. Then she laid her head on my shoulder. 
   The rest of the bus ride was quiet.  I thought about what would be waiting for Sam and I at home.  Hopefully Stupid Steve wasn't so stupid anymore.  I'm also really interested in how mom is going to act.  I wonder how much she had changed since last night.  I should go make sure Danny doesn't blab to anyone either.  Maybe I can see if I can make some changes in Jae.  Tonight might be quite the interesting night, indeed.


   Critiques?  Send me an email at notveryniceoneeither@yahoo.com
Constructive criticism is always welcome.  
