GUALIN KI LARDKI (THE MILKMAID)

By Sahebji

Dear Readers the incident I am about to narrate took place when I
was eighteen
years old.

For the benefit of those readers who are new to my erotic
experiences I feel a
few words of introduction will not be out of place. Sahebji, is not
my given name
but every one calls me by this name. I am 6 feet tall, slim and
women find me
handsome, so I have been told. I am a commercial artist by
profession. Enough
about me, now let us continue with the story.

After finishing my Intermediate degree on my father's estate, I
enrolled myself in
an undergraduate course in a college situated in a near by city.
This was much
against the wishes of the family except for my father, as they did
not believe in
`over' education.

Having no place to stay in the city I looked for paying guest
accommodation. This
concept was very new in those days and no one wanted to take a
stranger into
his or her house. With much difficulty I found a lady, about 50
years of age ready
to let out a room to me. The room was a barsati (a room on the roof)
on the first
floor. The lady lived alone on the ground floor. Her children were
all grown up
and were living separately or lived out of town.

The room had an attached bathroom and a small kitchenette. It was
large, airy
with plenty of light. The room was just ideal for a student. The
price she wanted
was quite steep but having nowhere else to go I accepted.

My landlady had some problem with her knees and could not climb up
to the first
floor therefore I had to engage the woman, who did her work, to keep
my rooms
clean. The deal was that along with the room she would also give me
dinner. For
other meals and any extras I had to fend for myself.

I was not a breakfast eater, lunch I could eat in the college but I
had to make
arrangement for my morning coffee, afternoon tea and the glass of
milk which I
loved to drink before going to bed. Most things I could procure from
the market
but not fresh milk. So I asked my landlady if some arrangement could
be made
with the guala (milkman) who supplied her with milk.

She said no problem and introduced me to the `gualin' (milkman's
wife) who
supplied her with milk. Having settled the rate and quantity I
required daily, I told
her that I would require the milk between 5.30 and 6 in the morning.
She
undertook to supply the required quantity at the desired time.

Thus began my student life in the city. My college was not far away
and the
dinner I was served was good and wholesome. Every morning the gualin
would
knock on my door at the appointed time and say in a loud
voice, "Saab, dhood
lelo (Sir, collect the milk)." I would get up, open the door and she
would measure
out the required quantity.

This routine went on for a couple of months. Then one morning
instead of the
high and shrill voice of the gualin I heard a sweet musical voice
say, "Saab,
dhood lelo (Sir, collect the milk)."

I got up and opened the door. I saw a beautiful girl wearing a loose
blouse and a
lahenga (long skirt) standing with a big grin on her face.
Immediately my cock
started to stiffen. She repeated, "Saab, doodh lelo (Sir, collect
the milk)."

I invited her in and showed her where to put the milk.

I asked her, "Tu kaun hai? (Who are you?)"

She replied, "Saab, mera naam Bela hai. Main gualin ki beti hoon.
Amma dooseri
pheri per gayi hai aur aage se mainhee aapko doodh doongi. (Sir, my
name is
Bela. I am the milkman's daughter. Mother has gone on a different
round and in
future I will be supplying you with the milk)." I told her my name
is Sahebji and I
will be happy to take milk from her.

Bela was a beautiful girl with a ready smile about 5 feet tall with
large tits. A little
too large for her slim body. From that day Bela started delivering
the milk every
morning. Each time I saw her I got a hard on. I started dreaming of
getting her
into bed and my lund (cock) inside her virgin choot (cunt).

One morning, I overslept and got up with a start when I heard loud
banging on
the door. I quickly opened the door and found Bela standing
there. "Saab, main
aap ko bees minute se jagane ki koshish kar rahi hoon (Sir, I am
trying to wake
you for the last twenty minutes)," she complained.

I apologized and told her that I had studied till late and therefore
overslept. She
said, "Koyi baat nahin. Saab, maine socha shayad aapki tabiyat na
kharab ho
(It's all right. Sir, I was only worried that you might be sick or
something)."

This gave me an idea to get her inside the room. I said, "Bela,
mujhe raat ko
bahut der tak pardhna parta hai. Agar main apna darwaza khula chord
doon tau
tu ander aaker mere liye coffee bana degi. Iss terah main kuch der
tak aur so
sakoonga (Bela, I have to study late in the night and if I left the
door unlocked
then would you come in and make coffee for me. This way I will be
able to sleep
a little longer)."

With a smile, she replied, "Bardi khushi se lakin mujhe coffee
banani nahin aati (I
would be very happy to do it but I don't know how to make coffee)."

I showed her how to make coffee and invited her to join me. She had
never had
coffee before and found it a little bitter. I added some more sugar
in her cup and
she enjoyed the first cup of coffee of her young life.

  While we drank our coffee, I asked her, `Bela, teri umer kya hai?
(Bela, how old
are you?)"

"Saab, aisse hee kuch chauda baras ki hogi (Sir, I am about fourteen
years old)."

She is very young. Would it be all right to fuck her? I thought.

Then I recalled that Mamta, the girl who had taught me all I knew
about chudai
(fucking), had told me that she had been deflowered by my father
when she was
fourteen. I decided that Bela was old enough to take my lund (cock)
up her choot
(cunt).

Mamta had also told me that in case of a young girl one must be
doubly careful.
It was like stalking a deer in the jungle, one wrong move or sound
the deer bolts
and it is nigh impossible to get it back in one's gun sight again.
Okay, I will have
to proceed slowly. First, I must win her confidence then take things
as they come.

When she left she thanked me prettily and I was very happy that she
had no
inkling of what I had in mind. I thought that today she has entered
my room and
tomorrow my lund (cock) will enter her young virgin choot.

Every morning she came and made coffee and then woke me by calling
my
name softly. Most of the days I was already awake when she came but
I
pretended to be asleep. I watched her move around with half closed
eyes and
enjoyed the scene of her big tits bouncing up and down.

When she bent over me to wake me I wanted to pull her on to the bed
and ravish
her virgin choot but resisted the temptation. I did not want a
onetime `bang, bang
thank you ma'am affair' but a long-term enjoyment of her young tight
choot.

We used to sit next to each other on the bed to drink our coffee and
talked about
various things. She told me that she lived with her parents and two
younger
brothers. Her daily routine was that after delivering milk to me she
tended to the
cows and buffaloes and thereafter went to school. In the afternoon
she did her
schoolwork and helped her mother in the household.

One day I decided that it was time to take the next step towards
mission
`Deflowering Bela'.

When she came the next morning I jumped out of bed and caught hold
of her and
kissed her and danced around the room with one hand on her ample
breast
pressing it. In this process I pushed her on the bed with me on top
of her while
still squeezing her tit. Surprised, she asked, "Sahebji, aapko kya
ho gaya hai?
(Sahebji, what has happened to you?)".

She had not yet realized that I was kneading her tit.

"Bela, aaj main bahut khush hoon mere imtehaan bahut achhe huye hain
(Bela, I
am very happy today as my exams have gone well)."

Suddenly she felt my hand on her tits and caught hold of my hand and
said, "Aap
meri choochi kyoon daba rahe hain? (Why are you squeezing my tits?)"

"Main dekh raha hoon ki yeh asli hain ya nakli (I am checking
whether they are
real)," I said laughing.

In a miffed tone, she said, "Asli hain (They are real)."

"Ho nahin sakta teri umer main itne barre mammey (Can't be possible
such large
tits at your age)," I said and pushed my hands inside her blouse.

"Kya tu mujhe inhi choochiyon ka doodh roj peene ko deti hai? (Do
you give the
milk of these breasts to me daily to drink?)" I asked.

"Nahin aap kaissi baat karte hain main tau aapko bhains ka doodh la
kar deti
hoon (No, what are you saying I bring buffalo milk for you)," she
replied blushing
furiously.

By now I had pushed her blouse well above her breasts and laid them
naked to
my sight. "Tu theek keh rahi thi hain tau asli (What you said was
right they are
real)," I observed.

She tried to pull her blouse down. "Zara tere choochiyon ka doodh
peeke tau
dekhoon (Let me taste the milk of your breasts)," I said.

"Nahin, nahin (No, no)," she protested.

Ignoring her protest and one by one I took her nipples in my mouth
and sucked
them. I kept a close watch on her reaction. Her protests became
weaker and
then stopped. She closed her eyes and started to moan with pleasure.
She was
clenching and unclenching her fist. Her breath was coming in short
gasps. Her
legs parted. Suddenly her back arched upwards and with a loud sigh
she lay
back panting. I thought Bela had had an orgasm.

"Jaan, kaisa laga? (Darling, how was it?)" I asked.

She blushed and said, "Bahut achcha laga (It was very nice)."

This much progress was enough for one day. I requested her make some
coffee.
We drank our coffee and said good bye for the day by kissing each
other
tenderly.

As she was leaving the room I pulled her back and pressing her tits,
said, "Bela,
such main teri choochiyan bahut pyaari hain (Bela, your boobs are
really very
sweet)." She smiled and left.

This part of my game plan was a roaring success.

In the days that followed we kissed, I fondled her tits and sucked
them without
any resistance from her. Actually she enjoyed it. It was my practice
to seat her in
my lap while kissing and fondling her tits.

One morning, she said, "Sahebji, mere choottar main kuch chubh raha
hai
(Sahebji, some thing is pricking me in my bottoms)."

"Oh yeh, yeh tau mera laurda hai (Oh this, it is my cock)," I said
opening my
pajamas and displayed my erect cock.

The glowing red head of my cock with the foreskin withdrawn oozing
pre-cum
was a glorious sight to watch. At first she looked at it with awe
and then turned
red. She said, "Sahebji, aapka laurda tau bahut barra hai (Sahebji,
your cock is
very big)."

"Haath main le kar dekh (Take it your hand)," I suggested.

"Nahin, nahin (No, no)," she said.

"Phikar mat kar yeh kaatega nahin (Don't worry it will not bite)," I
told her
laughing.

Hesitatingly she took my cock in her hand. I asked her to pull the
foreskin up and
down. Soon she enjoyed doing it. For one day this much was enough. I
then
kissed her tits and sucked them till she had spent and let her go.

For the next few days I remained with breast sucking and she played
with my
cock. She woke me by catching my cock and shaking it. Time for the
next step in
her seduction had come.

While sucking her breasts I put my hand on her choot from out side
her lahenga.
She immediately pressed her thighs together and catching my hand,
said,
"Sahebji, wahan nahin (Sahebji, not there)."

I asked, "Kyon? (Why?)"

"Aap kuch karoge (You will do something)," she said suspiciously.

I said, "Kya? (What?)"

She looked intently at my erect cock and said, "Aap isse meri choot
main dal kar
mujhe chodoge (You will put this in my cunt and fuck me)."

"Tujhe maloom hai chudai kya hoti hai? (You know what is fucking?)"
I asked.

She nodded. "Maine kayi bar abbu ko amma ko chodete dekha hai (I
have seen
my father fucking my mother several times)" she replied.

"Jab tu apne abbu ko teri aamma ko chdete dekhti hai tau tujhe
chudwane ka dil
nahin karta (When you see your father fucking your mother then don't
you feel
like getting fucked)," I asked.

She blushed and kept quite.

"Such, such bata (Tell me truthfully)," I asked again.

"Nahin, bilkul nahin karta (No. Definitely not)," she said.

"Jhooti (Lair)," I said with a grin. Bela blushed and lowered her
eyes.

"Toone mera lund dekha hai aur usse chooa hai iss liye main teri
choot dekhna
aur choona chahata hoon. Phir hum dono barabar ho jayenge (You have
seen
and touched my cock. I also want to touch and see your choot (cunt).
We will
then be both equal),"I replied.

She said, "Aap mujhe chodoge tau nahin? (You won't fuck me?)"

I said, "Bela jaan, dil tau bahut karta hai ki main tujhe chodoon
lakin jab tak tu
haan nahin karegi tab tak main tujhe nahin chodoonga  (Bela darling,
I want to
fuck you very much but till you say yes I will not fuck you)."

Satisfied with my promise she let me raise her lahenga and look at
her virgin
cunt. Her choot was beautiful. There was a slight growth of hair on
it. The lips
were pressed together with the clit barely peeping out.

I said, "Bela jaan, teri choot tau bahut hee pyaari hai (Bela
darling, your cunt is
very sweet)."

Then I bent her legs forward and saw the small entrance of ultimate
pleasure for
which my cock had been drooling for weeks. Then taking her clit
between my
thumb and forefinger and pressed it. She took a sharp breath and
opened her
legs further. I kissed her pussy and gave it a few licks.

"Arre Sahebji, yeh mat karo ganda hai (Sahebji don't do this it is
dirty)," she said.

"Pagali ganda nahin hai. Mujhe karne de tujhe bahut hee mazaa aayega
(Stupid,
it is not dirty. Let me do it you will enjoy it immensely)," I
replied.

Then I licked her choot and sucked on her clit. After a few moments
she started
to moan with pleasure and breathe heavily. I licked her cunt and
sucked her lump
of joy till she came three times. Each time she came she
sighed, "AAAAHhh"
loudly. I asked, "Bela jaan, mazaa aaya? (Bela darling, did you
enjoy it?"

She blushed and nodded. Thereafter we had our usual cup of coffee
and she left.

This went on for some days. While sucking her cunt, I always
positioned myself
in such a manner that she could see my cock and fondle it. One
morning while I
was sucking her cunt my cock was very near her mouth. She kissed it
and finding
an opportunity I stuck it in her mouth. Urged by nature and with
some persuasion
from me and the good feeling in her cunt, she started to suck it. It
was not long
before I shot my load into her mouth. She was lying in such a
position that she
was compelled to swallow my-cum.

She complained, "Sahebji, yeh aapne achcha nahin kara. Aapne apna
beej mere
ko pila diya (Sahebji, this was not right. You made me swallow your
seed)."

"Issme kya kharaabi hai jab main teri choot chat ta hoon tau tu apna
ras bhi tau
mere muh main chord deti hai. Ab hum dono baraber ho gaye (What is
wrong
with it. When I lick your cunt then you also release your juices in
my mouth. Now
we are equal)," I told her. She made a face but accepted this line
of reasoning.

After this day we 69-ed regularly and enjoyed ourselves immensely.
She started
liking drinking my-cum. Many a morning she woke me by sucking my
cock. We
were having a great time but whenever I said, "Bela, aaj chudai
karenge (Bela,
we will fuck today)." She always said no. Somehow I was also not
very keen
because I had found out that she had yet to have her period and was
afraid of
harming her.

One morning I heard a harsh voice saying, "Saab, doodh lelo" and saw
the gualin
(milkman's wife) standing outside my door. I saw the time it was
nearly 7.30. I got
angry and scolded her for being so late. She said she had just
finished her
regular round and had immediately brought my milk.

I told her I did not care and if she can't deliver milk in time then
I will make other
arrangements. I did not inquire about Bela to avoid any suspicion.
Next day, she
brought the milk half an hour earlier but still late. Again I was
angry and told her
why the girl can't continue to bring milk, as she was at least
punctual. She said
that Bela is not well. It is only a matter of few days before Bela
can resume her
duty but till such time I should please bear with her.

Reluctantly, I agreed, I smiled in my heart knowing that Bela would
soon be back,
and said, "Okay but only for a few days mind you." She thanked me
profusely
and left.

Five days later when I woke up I found my lund in Bela's mouth. I
grabbed her
and threw her down on the bed and asked her where had she been all
of last
week. She said, "Meri tabiyat theek nahin thi (I was not well)".

I persisted, "Itna tau mujhe bhi maloom hai. Kya hua tha tujhe?
(This much I also
know. What happened to you?)"

She was reluctant to tell me but as I insisted she said
softly, "Main aurat ban
gayee hoon (I have become a woman)."

I did not understand her meaning immediately and said, "Kya bekaar
ki baatein
karti hai. Tu aurat tau paheli thi. Tere paas mamme hain aur choot
bhi (What
rubbish is this. You were a woman already. You have tits as well as
a cunt)."

"Nahin mera matlab hai ki main jawan ho gai hoon (No what I mean is
that I have
matured)," she said blushing sweetly.

Now the penny dropped and just to make sure I asked, "Teri mahawari
shuru ho
gayi hai? (You had your period?)". She blushed and nodded.

I decided there and then to fuck Bela that morning.

I asked her to undress and get into bed. I started sucking her cunt
but made sure
that she did not have her orgasm. When I noticed her body getting
tense I knew
she was about to cum she I stopped and recommenced after a while. I
did this for
three or four times. When she was desperate to release her cunt
juices I said,
"Bela jaan, aaj main tujhe chodoonga (Bela darling I will fuck you
today)," and
throwing her legs over my shoulders, placed my cock on the entrance
of her
virgin choot.

She protested feebly but her heart was not in it. She
said, "Sahebji, dhiree dhiree
karna. Mujhe dar lagta hai aapka laurda bahut barda hai (Sahebji, do
it slowly. I
am scared your cock is very big)."

I pressed my cock into her choot. When the head of my cock entered
her, tears
welled up in her eyes and she said, "OOWww, lagta hai (OOWww, it
hurts)."

Her cunt hole was very small. I knew that further insertion would
pain her a lot. I
did not want her to scream her head off and collect the whole
neighbourhood. I
took a pencil from the table and told her to bite on it if it hurts
too much. She
nodded and took the pencil between her teeth.

Bela was my first virgin. I had been working towards this moment for
months and
I had not cum for several days. I had only one desire in my mind. It
was to shove
my cock in her tight cunt and fuck her hard and fast and release my
load.

This is exactly what I did. I pushed into her mercilessly. Due to
severe pain she
bit so hard on the pencil that it snapped.

`AAAAAAYYYYYYIIIIIIEEEEEE,' she screamed as my cock, tearing through
her
virginal barrier, buried itself to the hilt in her hither to virgin
choot (cunt).

I was mad with lust. I paid no heed to her pain or pleasure. I
fucked her with short
hard strokes till I deposited my load in her now no longer virgin
choot. While I
pushed in and out of her choot (cunt) she lay under me sobbing
quietly.

My lund (cock) started to loose it's hardness. I did not with draw
it. I kept on
moving it in and out till it was rigid again. Now I was cooler I
started fucking her
with slow and long strokes. Her choot was tight like a vice and this
was my
undoing. Even in the second fuck I could not last long and squirted
my seed in
her before she could experience any real pleasure.

As it was getting late I suggested that she wash the telltale signs
of her first fuck
and go home. When she was leaving, I asked her, "Jaan, paheli chudai
kaissi
lagi? (Darling, how did you like your first fuck?)"

With tears in her eyes, she said, "Sahebji, bahut dard hui (Sahebji,
it was very
painful)."

"Thora sa bhi mazaa nahin aaya? (You did not feel any pleasure?)" I
asked
again.

"Nahin bilkul nahin (No, absolutely none)," she said and ran out of
the room.

That night lying in bed I went over the morning's events. I realized
that I had
been very selfish and brutal. I had paid no heed to Bela's feelings
and needs.
The first fuck of a virgin should be such that she cherishes its
memory all her life
but in this case Bela would like to forget it as soon as possible.

Maybe she will take a dislike towards fucking. I swore to myself
that in future I
would never repeat this mistake. I also decided to make amends in
the morning.
Thinking about the injustice I had done to Bela I fell asleep.

In the morning when Bela woke me I felt she was quite reserved in
her manner. I
caught her and pulling her into bed got between her legs. `Please
don't hurt me
again,' she pleaded.

I knew reasoning with her now would lead to nowhere. I let her cry
and worked
my lund (cock) up and down between her cunt lips with occasional
pressure on
her clit. As soon as I felt her choot getting wet I entered her
slowly. She groaned
with pain each time my cock rubbed against the torn edges of her
hymen.

I started to fuck her with long slow strokes. She lay with her eyes
wide open
staring at me and softly groaning with pain. I kept moving my cock
slowly in and
out. After some time her eyes closed. Her oh's turned into ah's and
her hips
started moving in rhythm of my strokes. Then with a long loud
sigh, `AAAAHH,"
she released her juices.

I continued my slow in and out movements. She came again and again.
When I
felt my seed rising she had already come three or four times and was
ready to
come again. My strokes became faster and shorter but her hips
continued to
keep perfect rhythm with my in and out movement. With a
loud, `OOOHHHHHhh'
I squirted my seed in her. At this very moment she also released her
juices with a
loud, `AAAHhh'. Without withdrawing my lund from her fuck sheath I
lay panting
on her palpitating breasts.

I kept moving my now half-erect cock in her cunt till it was hard
again. I again
started the fuck motion. Bela was steeped in lust. She kept moaning
and sighing
loudly with pleasure. Second time round, which took much longer, I
fucked her in
the same manner as earlier. When I came she had released her juices
at least
five times. We lay bathed in sweat savoring the intense feelings we
had just
experienced. Soon my cock slid out of her heavenly choot.

As it was getting late we dressed and as she was about to leave I
asked her,
"Bela jaan, aaj ki chudai main mazaa aaya? (Bela darling, did you
enjoy today's
fucking?)"

"Oh Sahebji, itna mazaa zindagi main pahele kabhi nahin aaya. Aap
jab chahain,
jitna chahain aur jaise chahain mujhe chod sakte hain main aap ko
kabhi manna
nahin karoongi (Oh Sahebji, I have never felt such pleasure before
in my life. You
can fuck me when you want. As much as you want and in the manner you
want, I
will never say no)," she giggled with big grin.

After that day we fucked regularly on her `safe' days and 69ed
during her
vulnerable time. We in the manner of speaking settled down to quiet
matrimony.
Our love games went on for several months.

The day came when my final exams were over and the results were
awaited in
few days time. I told Bela, "Kuch dinau main lambi chuttiyan shuru
ho jayengi aur
mujhe ghar jaana hoga (In a few days the long vacations will start
and I will have
to go home)."

She immediately started crying, "Agar aap chale jaoge tau hamari
mulakat kabhi
nahin hogi (If you go away then we will never see each other
again)."

I told her there was no cause to cry as I will be back in two months
time and we
will again be together. I have already spoken to my landlady to keep
the room for
me and she had promised to do so. But Bela was not to be consoled.
She kept
repeating, "Hum phir nahin milenge aur main aapko kho doongi (We
will never
meet again and I will lose you forever)."

In the few days' left we fucked like mad and on the morning of my
departure we
fucked so hard that her period started.

Dear readers it is strange that in all the months I fucked Bela I
did not even once
think about fucking her in the asshole although Mamta, my sex
teacher, had
introduced me to the pleasures of asshole fucking. I did finger fuck
her ass hole
several times when she was riding me. Despite her enjoying the
sensation my
finger produced I never did feel inclined to fuck her in her butt.
Strange isn't it?

I did come back after two months but found the room occupied by a
married
couple. My landlady apologized saying that the couple had come with
the
recommendation of a very close relative whom she could not refuse.
She added
that she had made arrangement for me to stay at a friend's house and
gave me
the address.

Well, Dear readers there is nothing more to say except affirming
that Bela's
premonition was right as we never did see each other again. I was
very
disappointment at losing such a wonderful and sweet lover as Bela.

THE END

Dear readers, I hope you enjoyed this episode from my life. I look
forward to
receive your comments. Please do not hesitate. I am waiting at
sahebji70@... till then. Don't miss the next episode `Rani'
that took
place in my second year. Take care. Sahebji

SAY NO TO CASUAL SEX WITHOUT PROTECTION. HELP FIGHT AIDS

