This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. =======================================================

Im always amazed

This story is based on fact, though embellished a bit for the sake of story telling.  Never the less the foundation and facts are accurate.

Im an old man now, but over these many years have always been amazed about the attitude of women towards showing off their bodies.  Go for her pussy was the slogan in high school, they have a fortress set up to defend the tits, but the pussyjust waiting for it to happen.   And to a degree this is true.  The lady bends over and holds her tops neck closed.  Sits down and pulls on her skirt to insure its over the knee and so on.  Im sure you get my drift on this.

And so to have some fun, I decided to form a swing club and began to invite married couples who where interested, but not really experienced swingers.  Looking in the various swing ads and web sites there were many couples who claimed to be interested, wanted to experience, were curious and so on.

Once  I made contact with these folks, I explained that they had to prove themselves in two ways.  The Mrs. would have to prove her willingness and the Mr. to show that he wasnt jealous of her being with another man.
Id then set up a meeting, generally in a hotel room where the 3 of us would get together.   Some of the time, they just respond no, while others just want to get naked and fuck.  Both of these offers I turn down, as I want to enjoy the woman and push her to the limit voiding the entire previously mentioned lady like excuses.

Of those Ive met so far, probably Jim and Holly are the best examples to tell about.   They are both in their mid-fifties, married since the beginning of time and now are suddenly looking for something to spice up their sex lives.  Their words, not mine.

Speaking with Jim he said that hed like to see Holly with another man and that she was excited about the prospect, having never been with anyone other than him.  So after several phone calls and speaking with Holly also I was out of offering explanations, examples and suggestions.  I told them flat out to meet me at the local Marriott and just do as I ask.  They said fine and a day and time was agreed upon.

I then vanished and prior to meeting called and left a voice message confirming out meeting the next evening.   Hours later I received an email from Jim saying that they would like to move the time back an hour so that they could have dinner and freshen up before meeting.   This was certainly okay with me, and I replied so.

At ten to eight I left the room and took the elevator down to the lobby where I found an unoccupied sofa with a good view of the main doorway into the hotel.  It didnt take long before I saw a couple the right age and general description enter the hotel, pause and look around.

Jim, I called, getting up from the sofa.  Yes, he replied as they both turned towards me and we all moved closer together.  This was my first time seeing them, as we didnt exchange any photos prior to meeting.  Jim was about my height, 6 average weight, clean shaved with some receding hairline.  Holly was quite sexy and attractive.  

She was about 57, almost shoulder length (probably colored) brown hair, pretty smile and very attractive figure.  Oh, she wasnt Barbie and he wasnt Ken, but neither of them was overweight, or walking with a potbelly.  Jim was dressed in slacks; shirt and sports jacket while Holly was in a dress that was tailored, but not overly sexy.  Just right for a woman of her age.

Any problems getting here, I asked?   No, no traffic was light, said Jim.  And you look very pretty tonight, I said to Holly.  Thank you, she said.  I wasnt too sure what to wear, so hope this is okay.   Youre fine, I answered then asked, shall we go upstairs?

Jim said, yes lets and took Hollys arm to guide her as we walked to the elevators.  Entering I pushed the floor and the doors closed as we rode in silence to the 9th floor.  As we walked down the hall, I said, once we get inside, Jim Id like you to be seated as we agreed.  I understand, he replied then asked, you okay honey?

Yes, just a little nervous she replied as we got to the door.  Using the card key, I said, please dont be, lets just relax and have some fun.  Okay, Holly whispered her reply.

I had taken a two-room suite for this meeting.  One room, the bedroom contained a king size 4 posted bed and the main room held a sofa, a recliner, 2 wing back chairs, a desk and chair, plus assorted tables along with the entertainment center.

I motioned Jim to the wing back that I had moved to the side and he immediately took his seat.  Please, look around, make yourself at home I said to Holly.  She looked around slowly, commenting that the room was very very nice.  

Glad you like it, I said, I want you to be at ease as I found out all about you.  What would you like to know, she asked?  Well tell me a little about you, I said.  

Im 57yrs old, she began, married to Jim for 36yrs.  Thats nice, ever cheat on him, I asked.  No, that is till now, I guess, she said looking at Jim, then back towards me.  Well, instead of cheating, ever go to a topless beach or let someone have a feel.  No, not ever, was the reply.  Really..and lets say you wore a low cut top, I began.  I really dont ever, replied Holly cutting me short.

Well youre a very pretty lady, I said, so I guess there are thousands of disappointed guys.  Probably not so, was her reply.  You going to disappoint me, I asked.  I hope you wont be, she said.     Guess the best way to insure that is to just have fun, and enjoy yourself.  Ill try, she said, but I am very nervous, Ive never really done this before you know.

Please dont be, I said then asked, when did you last have sex?  The other night, she said.  You enjoy it, I asked.  Yes, was the slow reply.   Tell me about it, I said.  Holly look towards Jim and then back to me before asking, what would you like to know?   

Guess Im a little curious, I began.  Youve been married a long time, so just wondering how things occur, thats all.   I guess in the normal way, said Holly.  I was in bed and Jim began to touch me, and well one thing led to another thats all.

At our parties we do things a little difference, and our purpose here is to insure that you are willing and able.  You see, I continued, lots of times, like even now, the hubby has expressed an interest in swapping and in also seeing his wife with another guy.  Yes, said Holly.  Well, I said, this is all good and well, but it isnt going to happen, unless of course you want it to.  So there is a difference between allowing it and wanting it, I said.  I understand, said Holly.

Very well, I said, so the question is bluntly put, do you want me to see and enjoy your body and do you want to suck my cock?

Holly was a little surprised by my statement and looked towards Jim as I added, that is, unless of course you dont want to. 

 Distracted and regaining her composure Holly said, would you help me with my dress?    Not just yet, I said.  You see at our parties we like for the ladies to, well not just strip and jump into bed.  You know, I continued, if you had a twin and one of you stripped naked and the other didnt, we all know who Id look at first, but believe it or not Id look longer at the other.  

Yes, I suppose that makes sense, said Holly.  So now you can understand that at our parties we like to take things slow and not rush.  I see, she said.  Also, I continued, if like now Jim is watching, he will enjoy seeing you, lets say complying, to another mans tastes and how you interact with him.   So, as I said earlier, and in my messages with Jim, this is all pretty much up to you.  If youre interested and a willing participant we can continue, if not. . . . 

Jim and I have talked about it, she began and since hed like me to, Im okay with it.   Good, I began, so youre 57.  Yes.  Youve got a nice figure still, I said.  Thank you.  So what all are you wearing, besides the dress?

You mean?   Yes.  Ive on a bra and panties, stockings and a garter belt.  Very nice, I said, would you like to stand up now?  

Holly stood as I twirled my finger indicating she should turn round and round.  Doing so, I could see the nice curve to her calfs, her tits jutting out beneath the dress and the nice shape of her ass when her back was towards me.  

What size bra do you wear, I asked.  36DD said Holly.  Your breasts tender?  Yes was the whispered answer.  Lift your skirt for me, I said.  Holly bent forward and gathered the hem of her skirt and pulled it up revealing her black lace panties and part of her flat tummy, yet did notice some pubic hair coming from beneath.

Turn around and hold your skirt up, I said.  Holly followed my instruction and once her back was towards me, I moved close to her and ran my hands over her covered ass.  Very nice, I said, then asked, Jim, Holly have a virgin ass?  Yes, he replied, as I began rubbing my wrist and forearm between her legs.

I then reached up and in a quick motion unzipped the back of her dress and stepped back.  Turn around, I said, to which Holly complied.

Now take off your dress so I can have a better look at you, I said.  Holly gave a wanting look towards her husband Jim, who nodded his approval.  And with that, she moved her arms to her shoulders and slowly pulled the material down each arm.  Then holding the material in place with one arm, she removed the other and then the opposite.  

Come on Holly, I said, lets see that bra.  Reluctantly she pulled the dress away and in an instant pushed it down over her hips letting it fall on the floor where she stepped out of it.  Standing in her heels with, stocking encased legs, and her bra and panties she was like a deer in the headlights frozen and staring at me.

You like me looking at you, I asked?  No, no not really was the reply.  But Jim wants me to look at you and more, I replied, so why dont you bend forward so I can see down your bra.  Holly didnt move, but stood somewhat frozen, then reluctantly bent forward and asked if that is what I wanted.

Yes, youve got lovely tits, but you know that, dont you, I asked?  Now slide your straps down and lets have another look, shall we, I asked?   Holly slowly slid the straps from her shoulders and then once again leaned forward.  I could see her tits hanging almost free inside the bra so I stepped to her and move my hand inside cupping the warm meat and encircling her nipple with my fingers.  

A small moan escaped her lips as I gently pinched the nipple.  So no one has ever played with your tits like this other than maybe Jim, I asked.  No, she just about hissed as I squeezed her still hidden nipples.  Then with her position unchanged I unhooked the bra and let it fall free.  Now, lets see those tits, I said, guiding her to straighten up.  Hollys tits were still nicely shaped and her nipples jutted erect surrounded by the bright pink areola.  

Walk around, I want to see how your tits giggle, I said.  Holly glanced towards Jim, then turned and walked to the other side of the room, turned and came back towards me her tits moving and swaying all the way.   Put your hands behind your head, I said.

I moved to Holly and began licking and sucking on her tits.  Then without notice I pushed my hand into her panties and moved to rub her clit and started to slip my finger into her pussy.  No, no please dont she said, them emitted a low moan as my finger slipped into her wet hole.  

Using my other hand I began to squeeze her tit and move to her mouth kissing her neck along the way.  Jim, Jim she called only to be interrupted as her body began to jerk and hump my hand.  Nooooo, please she said, then released her hands and cupped her breasts together and thrust the nipples towards me.  I took one, then the other into my mouth pulling and nibbling while doing so, yet all the time continuing to finger fuck her.

Want me to stop, I asked?   Yes, yes, please, she said in a husky voice.  Okay, but youre going to have to take off your panties and show me your pussy, I said pushing my fingers deeper into her and moving my thumb over her swollen clit.  Oh Jim, please she whimpered as she shuttered with a mini climax.

Jims not going to help you, I said.  He wants me to see and enjoy your pussy, dont you Jim, I called out?  Have fun honey, he answered back, Im getting a giant hard on.   Take your panties off, I whispered to her.  

Holly lowered her arms and pushed the panties over her hips and let them fall to the floor.  Thats better I said, my finger still buried inside her.  Now show me your cunt.  Holly didnt know exactly what to do, so she stood there trying to regain her composure as I withdrew my fingers from her.

This okay, she asked?  Spread your legs some, I said and she did just that.  Little hairy, arent you, I asked, but didnt get a reply.  Jim, I said, if you want to attend the parties, then we will want to see as well as enjoy this pussy.  But, right now its kind of out of sight, so were going to need to shave it, that okay with you?

Okay, said Jim much to Hollys surprise.  No, please dont, Ill be, well naked.  Yes, but think of all the dicks and tongues that will so enjoy you, not to mention seeing how pretty you are, I said.   No, no, please I beg you, said Holly, youll cut me or her voice trailed off.

Nah, I said, but tell you what, before I begin, how about you show me all youve got.  Please Jim, tell him not to, said Holly.  Then in a sudden turn around said, look honey, Im doing just as you want me to, and Holly sat down and opened her legs for me.  

See my pussy, she began, and look, look at my clit.  You were rubbing it before, dont you want to play with it again.  Or, she continued lifting her tit, maybe you want to enjoy my tits.  Are they big enough for you, she asked me, yet looked towards her husband Jim for approval.  

Please make love to me, she asked looking towards me, Please she begged.   Not right now, I said, later after your pussy is shaved, but in the meantime come over here and suck my cock, I said.  Holly, paused for a second or two and then moved to her knees in front of me where she unzipped my fly and fished out my swollen member.

Turning towards Jim she flicked her tongue over the head of my cock then asked Jim if this is what he wanted to see her do.   Apparently Jim said yes, because from that moment forward Holly was busying herself like a starved woman and it wasnt too long afterwards that I was being sucked dry and then licked clean.

Regaining my composure, I motioned for Holly to get seated and then spread her legs open.  It  began to tease her pussy tracing my fingertips around her swollen lips, then lower my lips and began to kiss her lips and tease her somewhat exposed clit.  With each touch she thrust herself towards me, but I began to withdraw.  

Please, she asked, as my returning hard on filled her hand.  Turn around, I said, I want to see that cute little asshole.  Holly turn and I began to push my finger against her rosebud.  No, no please dont she cried out.  Jim, I said, as I pushed a little harder against her, Ill just have to fuck her ass, as that pussy is just too hairy for me, and my finger slipped into her hole.

Noooooo screamed Holly, Jim, dont let him, please she begged.   Hes in charge, said Jim, talk to him.  No, no please dont, she begged me, youll hurt me, she cried.   Well then lets shave that pussy so it can be seen and enjoyed.  Yes, yes, anything, please she said, dont she cried out as I pushed a bit harder against her.  

Anything, I asked?   Yes, yes, anything, said Holly as she tried to pull away from me.  Very well, I said, as I withdrew and she let out an exhausted breath of relief.   Go freshen up, I said, and Holly went to the bathroom to do just that.

Out of the room, I immediately picked up the phone and called for a pizza.  Jim, looked at me, and as I explained the plan to him his head was nodding in agreement.

Holly came out of the bathroom and I called her over to me.  Naked she approached and I grabbed her crotch slipping my finger into her crack.  Remember your promise, I asked.  Yes, she whispered horsely.  Good, I said, now put your bra and panties on.  Holly did as she was told taking a few minutes in front of the mirror to adjust the cups of her bra and straighten her hair.

As she was finishing up, a knock on the door startled her.  Answer the door, I said.  Shocked, scared, nervous she looked at me, then at Jim, who said, you heard the man, answer the door.

Holly moved to the door and asked who was there.  Your pizza you could hear through the door.  Wait a minute, Holly said and turned to look for some covering.  Open the door and let him in, I said.  Holly opened the door a crack and asked how much.  The delivery boy said, $15.95.  Ill have to get my wallet replied Holly and she stepped back turning to look for her purse.

I grabbed the door and pulled it open inviting the pizza man in.  He was a young college student, and the look of surprise was equally evident on both his and Hollys face, though she tried to cover herself with her hands.  The kid looked around, noticing Jim seated in the corner then looked to me with a question mark on his face.

Thats Jim over there, I said, and this is his wife Holly who owes you for the pizza, I said.  Forgetting her lack of covering, Holly fished around her purse for her wallet and pulled a twenty from it, and gave it to the kid, saying you can keep the change.

Oh come on Holly, I said, you can do better than than, at least show the kid your tits.  Hes younger, she began, then called Jim, please help me.  Jim, just shrugged his shoulders and said nothing.  Remember your promise, I said.  If looks could kill, I would be dead, but Holly looked at the delivery boy and asked, how old are you.  20, he replied.

OMG, hes younger than and her voice trailed off.  Whats your name, I asked.  Phil, he said.  Well, Phil, I began, Jim over there is Hollys husband.  Hes hired me to fuck Holly while he watches, but her pussy is covered over with hair.  I wanted to fuck her in the ass, but she begged me not to and promised to do whatever, if I dont.

So, do you think youd like to see an older lady, I asked.  Sure, said Phil with a nervous laugh looking at Holly.
Holly, I said, dont just stand there, show this young man what youre all about.  Holly looked towards Jim, who before she could say anything said, honey I want you to show, Phil isnt it he asked, your tits.

Holly, looking somewhat hurt, unhooked her bra and slipped it free tossing it to the side as she stood topless in front of everyone.  














No, Id rather just watch you do it, I said.  Holly reached up with both hands behind her neck thrusting her tits out and began to unfasten the button, then eased the zipper part way down the back of her dress.

Still facing me, she repositioned her arms and easily slid the zipper the rest of the way down the back of the dress.  Turn around, I said.  Holly turned and I could see her bare back to just below her waist with the exception of her still fastened bra.

Okay, I said, turn around and continue.  Holly turned back around, paused then reached for the shoulders and pulled the dress away and down her arms.   She had on a very sexy cut bra that was straining to hold her meaty tits in place.

I didnt say anything, but allowed her to continue and push the dress over her hips and it fell to the floor where she stepped out of it.

Now in her heels and stockings I could see her well-proportioned figure covered with the bra and thigh high panties.  Very nice, I said, youll certainly be a hit at the parties.  Thank you she just about whispered.

At our parties we play a lot of games and the ladies are all there to entertain and be enjoyed.   Yes, she said.  So lets see you walk around the room a little so I can see that body in motion, okay.  Holly looked around then moved to the far end, turned and walked back to me.

Nice giggle, I said.  How big are your tits?  I wear a 36 double D she said.  You like them played with and sucked on, I asked.  Yes, very much, she replied.  Well when youre attending the parties you do know that youll be getting a lot of attention, dont you.  Yes, I guess so, she replied.

All too often youve lived a quiet sheltered life and are just decent hard working people, I said.  When youre at the parties, it would be nice if you became somewhat of a slut, I said.  A slut, questioned Holly, oh I dont think I could do that, she said.  

But, you already are, arent you, I asked?  Youre here in just your bra and panties and your husband wants to see what you do with another man.   I continued, so at our parties, if some man asks you for example to lift your skirt, you should.   And, as a matter of fact, you should also ask if he approves and even continue to offer him some additional options.  Think you understand now, I asked?  

I think so, said Holly.  So, how about let me see down your bra, I said.  She paused for a few seconds and then leaned forward so I could see her tits hanging inside the cups of her bra.  This okay, she asked.  Yes, very nice, I said.   Jim, you been keeping Holly hidden too long, I said. 





