Janie the Mannequin
bycentrum1000©
My name is Janie and I'm an eighteen year old college freshman. I am 5'5" and weigh 115. I have short blond hair and a fantastic body. My chest isn't very big but my boobs are perfectly shaped and very firm.

I was a virgin throughout high school and only recently had sex for the first time. I loved it! I can't get enough and I love trying new things. I also love to show off my hot little body to anyone who will watch but my biggest weakness is that I love a good dare. My best friend, Eric, loves to see how far he can push me by coming up with new dares. So far he hasn't come up with one that I haven't done.

This story is about one of my favorite dares so far. 

Eric works at a women's clothing store at the mall. Unfortunately the store is going out of business so today is his last day on the job. Part of his job is to dress and arrange the mannequins throughout the store and in the front window.

Eric knew that it would be a slow day so he came up with a brilliant idea. Why don't I be one of his mannequins for the day? He would be the only one working and promised that almost nobody comes to the store anymore so only a few people would see me.

I thought it sounded like fun. What girl doesn't like to play dress up? He made me promise to let him dress me up in any outfit that he chose and put me in any position. I had to agree or he wouldn't do it.

I couldn't back down from a dare, so I gladly accepted his offer. He told me to show up at 5pm sharp so that we would have plenty of time to play before closing for the night.

As I approached the store I could already see him moving the mannequins around in the front window to make room for me. The store was deserted but I figured we could have some fun anyway. He waved me over to the display case and told me to take my position.

"Stay here. I've got to get you an outfit."

He returned with a short pleated skirt, a thin translucent blouse, and a pair of high heels.

"It's too bad for you that we don't sell any underwear. I guess we'll just have to make due."

After he finished moving the other mannequins around he turned to me and pulled off my clothes. He helped me into the blouse and buttoned it up. Next he had me step into the skirt as he pulled it up my legs. He crouched down in front of me and had me left my feet on at a time so that he could slide the heels on. I could tell from his goofy grin that he was getting a good view of my freshly shaved pussy.

After getting me dressed he posed me. I ended up with one foot up on a block and my other leg pushed off to the side. He positioned my hands on my hips with my arms sticking out to the side and pulled my shoulders back so that my nipples were clearly visible through the thin blouse. He gave me a quick kiss and whispered from me not to move no matter what!

He left me up there as he attended to the few customers that came in. I could see men stealing glances at me as they passed by my window. I knew that they must be able to see right up my skirt. Every now and then someone would linger with their face inches from the glass. I tried not to smile as I watched them staring right into my pussy.

After about a half an hour passed he came back and repositioned me. He turned me around so that I was facing the store and bent me over so that my hands were propping me up on a white box. I could feel the fabric of the skirt sliding up my ass as he bent me over. I wondered how much of my ass was even covered at this point.

From this angle I could still watch men staring at me through my legs. I was starting to get moist thinking about all of those dirty old men staring at my tight little pussy.

After a little while in this position he came back with another outfit. He straightened me up and removed my shirt right as a customer walked into the store. "Stay right here"

My hard nipples were completely exposed to everyone now. After chatting with the customer I heard him say "I'm sorry but the last skirt we have in your size is on the mannequin. Would you like that one?"

"Yes, please."

I felt his hands behind me unzipping the skirt. It fell to the floor leaving me buck naked in the store window. He brought the skirt back to the customer. After she paid I could see her openly staring at me as she left the store with her new skirt.

He came back over to me and lifted my hands above my head. I felt a flutter as he slide a sheer floral print dress over my body. I let him move me into a new position. This time I was sitting in a chair with my legs spread wide apart. He had me leaning forward with my elbows on my knees. He left a few button undone so that you would have a great view of my tits and my pussy.

A group of college aged guys lingered in front of my window for a little while staring at me and laughing to each other. I could feel my pussy dripping onto the seat of the chair as these young studs stared at my exposed body. After a few minutes they entered the store and pretended to browse. I think they wanted to see more mannequins like me.

"Can I help you?"

"No thanks we're just browsing."

"No, problem. I'll be over here rearranging the mannequins if you need me."

Eric moved in front of me and leaned over to pick me up. He threw me over his right shoulder and carried me across the store. I could feel the back of my dress slide away from my body, further exposing me as we crossed the store. His right hand was positioned between my legs and I could feel the tips of his fingers pressing against my wet pussy.

"I think you're having fun Janie."

He set me down and positioned me so that I was leaning forward. He left the back of my skirt on top of me so that there was nothing covering my backside. I could hear him pushing around some hangers behind me when I saw that the group of guys was standing right behind me.

Eric must have noticed them staring at me.

"They really make these mannequins realistic don't they."

I heard an "uh huh" "oh yeah" and a whistle.

"The problem is that these mannequins require a lot more maintenance. I have to rub lotion all over them each night and use a special lube to make sure that the rubber doesn't dry out."

"And you can see that this one is defective. It keeps leaking."

I felt his hand sliding up my thigh wiping up my pussy juice. He gave my pussy a little rub when he reached the top of my thighs before turning back to his customers.

"Do you want to feel?"

In an instant I felt several hands touching my body. Two of them were caressing my legs while another pair was sliding up my sides and reaching around to my chest. I felt another hand on my pussy rubbing my juices into me. His fingers were moving side to side until he pushed my lips apart. I felt one of his fingers slide right into me as the other hands made their way to my nipples. I was so horny right now I was having a hard time containing myself. His finger kept sliding in and out of me while another hand came around me and started rubbing my clit. It was almost impossible for my stay in my position like this. I could see that there was a growing puddle of my pussy juices on the carpet between my legs.

I felt a second finger slide into me right as I came. My pussy wrapped tightly around his fingers as he massaged me. I knew that my cream must be dripping down my legs by now.

"See. This stupid mannequin keeps leaking on me. Now I have to go get more lube."

I stood there holding my breath as the hands slowly pulled away from me. I could hear the guys leaving the store. I let out a little moan as I waited for Eric to return.

I heard him talking to someone else on the other side of the store.

"I overheard you saying that you need to keep your mannequins lubed? What kind of mannequins are these?"

"Well, in an effort to find the most realistic mannequins we actually ended up buying sex dolls. These aren't cheap but they are the most realistic thing you can find. "

I felt a hand sliding over my ass.

"Sure does feel real."

"These things have hundreds of sensors in them so they really respond to your touch. Look at this."

Eric lifted me up and turned me around facing the customer. He unbuttoned several more buttons and pull the top of my dress open.

"Watch the nipples."

He took my left nipple between his fingers and pulled and rolled it until it became hard again.

"You see how it responds."

"Wow. Where do you buy one of these things."

"I forget the name of the store, but you can take this one of a test drive if you want. I was just about to bring this one to the back room anyway."

"Sounds good to me, are you sure you don't mind?"

"Not at all. I'm happy to help."

Eric lifted me up over his shoulder again and carried me into the back room. He lowered me onto the break table leaving my legs dangling over the edge.

"Here you go. I'll be in the front if you need me. Oh yeah, they actually make a little noise if you fuck them hard enough. Have fun!"

"I will."

I saw Eric retreating back into the store and the customer moved himself between my legs.

"Wow. I can't believe this is a doll."

I can't believe that he just left me here to be fucked by a complete stranger. The thought of it made me so hot. I could feel my pussy throbbing between my legs waiting for his hard cock.

He unfastened his pants and stepped towards me. I could feel his warm breathe against my wet pussy as he examined me closer. His tongue poked me and swirled around a little until he hit my clit. I let out a little moan. He shoved his tongue deeper inside of me until I moaned again. I think he felt challenged to make me make as much noise as possible.

His hands slide up the front of my dress until he reached my breasts. He took both of my tits in his hands as he pushed his cock into me. I arched my back a little to better receive his hard cock. He didn't bother taking it slow as his first thrust almost knocked me off of the table. Thank goodness he was holding me in place. I let out another little yelp as his cock slammed into me.

I could feel my juices flowing again and knew that I was going to cum soon. He pounded me as hard as he could while groping my exposed chest. My pussy tightened around his cock as I came. He didn't slow down. He kept pounding into me. I came again as he thrust his huge cock deep inside of me. I started moaning louder.

His hands grabbed my waist and he pulled me towards him with each thrust. He was determined to fuck me silly. I came again as he ground his pelvis into me.

I let out another moan, which only seemed to encourage him. I could feel that his cock was swelling up inside of me. I knew he was about to explode. I squeezed my pussy tight around him as he shot his load into me. The sensation of his hot cum filling me up sent me into another orgasm. I completely lost it and screamed as loud as I could. He kept pounding away at me as his cock released more and more cum inside of me. He moved his finger to my clit as his pounding slowed down. He massaged my clit as he slowly pulled his cock out of me. I came again as the head of his cock was passing across my lips.

He left me lying there as he pulled up his pants and returned to the store.

After a few minutes I saw Eric return. I couldn't even lift myself up.

"How was that? I could hear you screaming from the other side of the store."

He helped me sit up when I realized that I was sitting in a pool of my own juices. I looked down and saw that the customer's cum was starting to leak out of me too. I could barely catch my breath.

"I'm not done with you just yet."

He picked me up again and carried me back to the front window. He had me facing out and bent me over so that you could clearly see down the front of my dress. He pulled my legs wide apart and told me to wait for him.

I heard him run over to the front door and lock it.

He came up behind me and unzipped his jeans. I felt his hands on my hips as he guided his cock right into me. slowly he fucked me right in the window. I could see an older couple walking toward the store looking right at us. "Don't move Janie." From the outside it looked just like he was repositioning one of the mannequins. Little did they know that his cock was buried inside of my throbbing pussy.

As they eventually walked away he resumed fucking me. His cock easily slide into me because of all the cum that was already inside of me. He was picking up his pace as another couple walked over to look in the window. I could tell that he was having a hard time stopping but he managed for just long enough. As soon as their backs were turned he continued pumping his cock into me.

I closed my eyes as I felt his cock exploding into me. 

I heard him say "uh oh". 

When I opened my eyes I saw that the second couple had come back to the window. I was so startled that my arm slipped and I fell forward onto the floor. Eric was already shooting his cum into me when I fell. I looked up and saw their shocked faces as ribbons of his cum flew out and landed on the window inches from their faces. He turned towards me and finished himself off with his hand shooting one last load all over my face. He reached down grabbed my hand and pulled me back through the store.

"Time to go."

I left a trail of cum through the store as we ran out the back door.

Now that was a dare!
