The Dare MD
byFrancisdonatien©

The Dare MD Ch. 05

She films her longest dare and gets off watching herself.

She moved languidly toward the floor-to-ceiling windows, a wine glass in her hand. She looked at the traffic below, the low buildings along the river, the office buildings nearby, and the hotel across the way. There were still a few people in some of the offices, and some in their hotel rooms, sitting, unpacking, getting ready to go somewhere. She took a sip of the wine and put it down on the low table off to the side.

She leaned closer to the window and put up her hand as though to wave to anybody who might be watching. She noticed at least one man at a window across the way.

He may be watching . . . or not, or at least not yet. The sun was still fairly bright, and all the lights in the room were on, in addition to panel lights for the camera that Sterling was operating behind her. It would not be hard for anybody to see her.

She ran her hands over the pullover covering her tits, down her stomach, around her waist, and then down her legs, bending over slightly till she took hold of the tight skirt and pulled it up slowly, gradually exposing her black tights, the built-in garters, and her bare skin rising to her bare pussy. She held the skirt there for a moment, feeling the tingling excitement running through her exposed skin as she sensed that two, maybe three men across the way had stopped what they were doing and were looking over at her.

She let the skirt go and smoothed it down over her legs, then slowly-every move was slow and purposeful-brought her hands up to lift her short-sleeve pullover. With one graceful move, she pulled it over her head, letting her long auburn hair cascade down over her shoulders. She held the sweater for a moment before dropping it, then brought her hands up to cup her exposed tits as she stared directly across the street at one of the men watching her. He did not move, and she swore she could feel his shallow breath as he gawked at her. She smiled.

She ran her hands up into her hair and pulled it off to the side, then let it fall down over her shoulders. She moved her shoulders back and forth, very gently, very slowly, letting her little tits shift. The other two men that she could see were still at their windows, watching, transfixed. Maybe there were others too.

Moving her hands over her tits and down her stomach, she turned slightly to one side and let her fingers drift into the waistband of her skirt. She continued turning as her hands moved around the sides till they got to her ass. She bent forward and pushed down on the skirt, letting her hands ride over her soft, round ass and down the textured stockings till the skirt fell to the ground.

An electric rush shot through her, challenging the quiet, languid mood she had created. She was totally nude, except for stockings, within sight of complete strangers, uninvited and unknown. Even though she kept the slow pace as she stood, her heart was pounding, her breathing was fast and shallow, and her head was spinning. Nonetheless, she turned toward them, resting her hands on the window, and stepped wide, her knees slightly bent, to give them the best chance of seeing her meaty pussy lips. She sensed that Sterling was filming close, letting the camera gaze over her skin, the hair over her shoulders, her fat little ass. She began swaying in front of the windows, watching the men from a distance as they watched her. With a slight dip of her head, she stepped over to the table to pick up her wine, raised the glass toward them, and turned to walk toward the bedroom. She saw that Sterling was taking close aim at her pussy and ass as she walked by.

Somehow, she felt bolder when she got into the bedroom. Standing at the same floor-to-ceiling windows, she danced sensually and slowly, brushing against the sheer curtain along its side. From the slightly different angle, she was not sure whether the three men were still watching, but in her mind she was dancing for them, offering her little tits, her fat little ass, and meaty pussy for their pleasure.

After a few minutes, she drifted away from the window over toward the bed. Standing next to it, she bent down gracefully, sliding her hands along the texture of her stockings, down one leg, up the next, Sterling following her delicate fingers as they traveled over the intricate design of the mesh. She sat down and reached for the straps of her shoes, played with them, then slowly undid one, then the other. She lay back on the bed, raised her legs in the air, Sterling following every graceful move, and rolled over onto her side.

The camera followed her fingers as they traced the contours of her body, riding over the tiny mounds of her tits, drawing circles around her nipples, then running down along her stomach. She lay back slightly and opened her legs, letting Sterling get a good view of her open pussy. After a short time, she rolled forward to close them, then rolled back to open them again. She knew he was getting a closer look than she had ever allowed on this site, and her heart was racing, but she kept her pace, slow and languid. She reached one leg down to drag a pillow from the bed and pull it between her legs, just enough to give herself a little cover.

After another playful minute, she lay on her back, slid her fingers under the garter belt of her stockings, curled up her legs, and slowly slid them off. She pulled them off each foot, stretched out each leg in turn, and tossed the stockings off the side of the bed. She was totally nude, nothing to hide behind, and Sterling was slowly scanning every inch of her bare skin as she rolled over onto her stomach, spread her legs slightly, and pushed her ass slightly into the air.

This was where her dare would end for her public posting. After a pause, she reached her hand between her legs and up toward her pussy to start the bonus for the fan who had come up with the idea. With one finger, she stroked her pussy lips, already wet from her exposure to the city, separating them, and then gracefully slid one long finger inside.

She sighed as it went in, not just at the sexual tingle, but also at the knowledge that this would be the first time that a stranger, somebody she would never meet, was to see her fingering herself and getting herself off. And if she decided to offer it for special sale, there would be several strangers. The thought sent another rush through her as her finger slid in and out of her wet channel.

Soon she slid in a second finger, and the added thickness was leading her to writhe and twist her hips. She and Sterling had agreed that she would stay on her stomach for this bonus video and that, as she stroked herself with her fingers, he would record different parts of her body, so they could create a beautiful erotic video, not just a blatant look at finger-fucking. As much as she wanted to roll over and pound her pussy with her fingers, she kept control, trusting in Sterling to get good pictures.

When her body began quivering, though, she knew that she would not have much more control. She let out a long, quiet moan to let Sterling know that she was about to cum, and she sensed him moving to the side of the bed where he could be pointing the camera right up between her legs, straight at her pussy. With her thumb pressing on her clit as she stroked her fingers in and out, her hips began shaking and her pussy clenching around her fingers as the orgasm flowed from her pelvic area through her body and arms and legs. Her hips bucked three times with decreasing strength as she gasped in response. After the last one, she let her legs relax and her hips settle down onto the bed. She ran her hands up through her hair as though to capture the fleeting sensations of the orgasm, then let herself rest and drift into a slight doze.

SHE AWOKE WHEN SHE FELT THE BED SHIFT slightly, followed by Sterling's light touch along her legs, moving up from her feet to her hip. Next came his lips on her butt cheek, teeth biting gently, then kissing their way up her back. Slowly, more and more of his body came in contact with hers, till he was close to covering her, from his feet against hers, his hands on her shoulders to support his weight as his torso rested along her back. She felt his cock stiffening against her thigh and its head just resting against her pussy lips. She slid her hand under her stomach until she could just reach the tip with her fingers. Just that touch was enough to trigger another surge against her thigh.

She shifted slightly, and he lifted himself so she could turn over. He lowered himself back down onto her, and she guided his cock to her pussy, still wet from her previous efforts, now throbbing again at the prospect of his cock inside her. She always got a thrill when she held him in her fingers like that, the contrast between the spongy head and the stiff shaft, the blood pulsing in his veins. There was another thrill when she stroked his stiffness against her own soft wetness, and he responded by pushing forward to the tight opening that stretched as his cock pushed in, and her lungs filled with a gasping intake of breath as her body reacted to his invasion.

Slowly and gently, in and out, his cock filled her warm, wet cunt on the way in, then her thick pussy lips gripped his rod on the way out. The slow rhythm sent sensations through both of them. After a few minutes, he pulled his legs up under her, so he could sit up and slide in deeper. He took advantage of his upright position to squeeze her tits and tweak her already hard nipples. She moaned as he increased the pace of fucking. Then with a practiced move, he slid his arms under her back and lifted her, rocking back on his heels till they were upright, and she bore down on his rigid cock with the pull of gravity. She dug her fingers into his back, gripping hard and moaning in response to his ever deeper penetration.

Moving one leg at a time, he shifted to the side of the bed and stood up. Bearing her weight on his legs, he shifted around so he could lie back down with her ass facing the window. Not that anybody would be able to see them at that angle. The evening had grown darker, and fewer lights were on in their room, but the mere possibility that they could be exposed gave them both an extra thrill.

She stayed pressed down on his cock till he smacked her ass and pushed up with his hips. Then she lifted her hips, sliding herself up the length of his cock, squeezed her cunt muscles around the head, and slid back down. At first, she picked up speed, riding him up and down with a fast rhythm, sending new waves through the engorged veins in his thick rod. Then she slowed down and tightened her cunt muscles around his cock, dragging her thick pussy lips along the rigid shaft. She knew that alternating in this way would push him toward the edge. His moans were getting louder and less controlled, and his grip on her arms was getting tighter, almost painful. And then, when she thought he was getting close to bursting, she pushed all the way down, squeezed her cunt as hard as she could, and just gave short thrusts, almost bouncing, till he let out a loud gasp. His body shook, and she felt his cock swell and explode inside her. His gasps accompanied each burst, and he was bouncing his head against the bed. This pushed her over her own edge, and her body quaked against his. Finally, he threw his arms around her and pulled her head down to his. She nestled her face into the crook of his neck and kissed him intensely and passionately as his orgasm slowly dwindled, and he gradually went limp.

After a few minutes, she rolled over, and they just rested there for a while.

THE SITE WAS JUST STARTING ITS FIFTH MONTH. Andrea recognized a number of regular fans, most of whom made compliments to her posts and a few of whom had started to recommend dares. Most of these were pretty straightforward, like going through a drive-through with just a thin shirt on, changing panties in a public area, and even taking off her thong in a restaurant, under the table, and leaving it with the tip. She had also taken bolder steps on her own, such as flashing her ass and pussy after that restaurant dare and posting a video she had made earlier, where she played with her pussy lips on a park bench. A couple of fans had made outrageous requests that she immediately turned down, but a few others were beginning to make some bolder suggestions.

The window strip dare had come from a fan who went by the name of baudelaire49, apparently a fan of French literature. He had made some nice comments on some of her earlier posts and had proposed a neat grocery shopping dare that involved exposing her tits and ass when she bent down; he said this was based on an incident earlier in his life. The window strip idea, though, came from a story he had written and published on an erotic literature site. He said he had loosely based the main character on her. She had liked the story, and she and Sterling thought the balcony scene would be a good way to push her boundaries, really challenge her to go outside her comfort zone.

Editing the long video from that session turned out to be more of a challenge than she expected, mostly because she kept getting so turned on watching herself strip that she frequently stopped to get herself off. When that happened, she lost track of what she had planned next steps had to go back a little to find her place. This became even more of a challenge when she got to the bonus scene, where she was watching herself masturbate. But with a couple of late-night sessions and one full weekend, thanks to Sterling taking the children to see his parents, she finally finished editing. "Nice job," Sterling said when he looked it over.

She posted the dare, her longest yet at nine minutes, early in the evening, with a longer than usual introduction:

"This dare was a super turn on. On a business trip, we had an amazing room with a great view. As the sun was setting, and with all the lights on, I stripped fully nude at our floor-to-ceiling windows. From what I saw, three guys across the street saw pretty much the whole thing and maybe others too. This was crazy fun. I went waaaay beyond my normal limits and shot a bonus scene of myself getting off and cumming for the fan who gave me the idea. I'll probably never post it, since it's way outside my comfort zone...but it's reallly hot. Maybe some day, for a price? ... I don't know. Anyway, enjoy, like and comment!"

She knew the uploading would take a while, so she went down for dinner. After the kids were in bed, she went back to the computer. The video was live, and she already had a couple of likes and comments.

Then she wrote a message to baudelaire49, asking if he had seen the post and if he was at his computer. About twenty minutes later, he answered that he could be there around ten o'clock. She spent the next hour half-heartedly working on some other videos and pictures. She got more nervous as time passed. Not just because the bonus video was such a departure for her, the first time she had exposed herself like this. She also felt close to a few of her fans, including him, and she just really wanted him to like it.

Shortly before ten, a message popped up on her screen: "Are you there?"

"I am," she replied. "Have you seen the post?"

"Yes, I scanned it. It looks beautiful. Are you going to send the bonus?"

"I wanted to be here when you first saw it. Are you ready?"

"Sure." She clicked the button and sent the video on its way.

There was silence, then he wrote, "Processing."

"So nervous," she replied, and they lapsed into some more silence.

"Got it," he said after a couple minutes. "Watching now."

She fidgeted in her chair and began lightly rubbing her pussy through her panties as she waited for him. The bonus was five minutes long, and it felt like an hour. Then a message popped up.

"My god, that was glorious. So beautiful!" She felt a rush of relief and excitement that he had liked it, but she wanted to know more. "Can you talk some more," she asked.

"The pace of both pieces was just perfect, slow, graceful, nothing rushed. Even when you slid your finger into yourself, it was ... elegant, it felt like. Very sensual, erotic. And the camera movements, particularly when it moved over your ass and down your leg, then shot up toward your pussy from your feet. Really, a work of art."

She was so relieved that he liked it and that, as she said to him, it came across as something erotic rather than pornographic. They chatted a bit more, and he ended with, "Just beautiful. I may just watch it again. And again ... And again..." After he signed off, she went to find Sterling. She wanted to share her joy at this new direction with him.

AT AROUND 1:00 IN THE MORNING, she woke up, still resting next to Sterling. She listened to his quiet breathing for a few minutes, enjoying the warmth and smell of his body, then slid to her side of the bed and got out. She picked up a short robe, threw it over her shoulders, and headed to the guest room.

When the computer came to life, she was pleased to see a couple more comments on her long post. There was another message from baudelaire49, once again praising the pace and camera work of the bonus. Then she opened the next file in the video folder.

The file flickered to life with a camera view of the floor-to-ceiling windows in their hotel room. It was the next morning, and the camera was on a tripod, closer to the floor. The image wobbled a little as the camera was adjusted, then Sterling's bare legs came into view, with the tip of his cock at the top of the frame. He made a few more adjustments, then turned and walked toward the window. Then her bare legs came into view, followed by her fat little ass and her hands cuffed behind her. As she moved toward the window, it became apparent that she was on a leash, being led by Sterling.

He made her kneel at the window, now filled with early morning sun. The leash was hooked to a thick choke collar with the word WHORE in bold letters. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and her eyes were covered with a mask.

He dropped the leash and left her there, completely naked on full view for anybody who might chance to look her way.

Watching this on her monitor, Andrea leaned back in her chair and started playing her fingers over her pussy lips. She remembered the feeling of knowing she was on display, but not certain whether anybody could actually see her. She watched as Sterling came back into the picture and stood right in front of her, loosening and shaking his cock. She remembered sensing his return, followed by the surprise when he first smacked her cheek with his cock. She opened her mouth to take him in, but instead he kept hitting her and stroking himself to get hard. As soon as she closed her mouth to wait, he pressed the head against her lips, and she opened up to take him in.

As she watched him fuck her face, Andrea slid two fingers into her sopping wet pussy. She loved the feel of his hardening cock in her mouth, feeling the textures and ridges of the head and veins as he fucked in and out between her lips and on her tongue. In the office, she moaned as her fingers rubbed the front of her cunt wall as she watched herself gag when he pushed deeper into her throat than she expected. Sterling gave her a moment to recover, then pushed his way back in, challenging her to take him deeper with each thrust. And in the office, Andrea slid further down into the chair, rubbing her thumb along her clit as now three fingers pumped into her cunt. Her gasps and moans obliterated the low sound coming out of the monitor.

On screen, she gagged a couple more times, then he pulled out and stoked his cock until he shot a heavy load of cum onto her face and tits and stomach. His loud grunts mingled with her sudden gasps in her chair as seeing him cum pushed her over the edge into her own orgasm.



She lay back in the chair, her fingers still resting on her pussy lips. She knew what came next: Sterling let her lick the last drops of cum from his cock, then left her at the window while he took a quick shower and dressed in time to let Room Service in with breakfast. She remembered the fear that came over her as she wondered whether the attendant could see her in the bedroom, naked.

After Room Service had left, Sterling came back into the bedroom and helped her stand, wobbly from kneeling so long. He removed the blindfold and kissed her, pressing his tongue into her mouth as he wrapped one arm around her and cupped her little tit with the other hand. He rubbed off some of the crust of his dried cum from her nipple.

With her fingers still caressing her pussy lips, Andrea ran the video forward, past breakfast next to the window, to the point where he set her up in the swivel arm chair facing the window. He had propped her legs on the arms of the chair and told her to cross her hands on top of her head. "I am going to set the timer," he had told her, "you stay like this till it rings. I've got to get to my workshop." And he left, never telling her how long he had set it for.

As Andrea watched herself in the video, sitting naked and totally exposed at the window, with the word WHORE emblazoned across her neck, she reached for the vibrator in the drawer next to the computer. She turned it on and began rubbing it along her pussy lips and clit, as she remembered sitting there, wondering if the three men across the way had returned. Would they tell others? Would she have a big audience? The vibrator, coupled with the memory of how desperately she wanted to get herself off at the window, was making her head spin. She pushed her feet against the desk and leaned back in the chair, gasping loudly as she furiously rubbed her clit to push her over the edge. Her hips bucked up at the first wave of the orgasm that hit her, one foot slipped off the desk, and she dropped the vibrator. It was buzzing on the floor as she continued to rub her clit through the next several waves. After the last one, the other foot dropped to the floor, and she had slipped so far out of the chair that she just had to slide a little bit to wind up on the floor. She grabbed the vibrator and turned it off.

The robe had fallen to the floor as well, and she reached over to pick it up and put it on her shoulders, just to temper the chill a little. This was going to be their next phase for the site. She would talk about wanting to be a submissive, how her husband would be her dom, and how they wanted to find new ways to expose her. She would also encourage fans to propose more aggressive custom scenarios. I want to be bought and owned, she would tell them. Make me your own whore. She was going to raise membership fees and the prices for customs, because she wanted to make sure that she had dedicated fans. She knew she might push some away, but she was pretty sure baudelaire49 and others would be glad to take up the challenge and turn her into even more of a slut than she had ever imagined she could be.


The Dare MD Ch. 06

She adds sub training to her dares.

A few days after Andrea had posted the window strip dare, she sent the bonus masturbation scene as a paid message to all members of the site. "Like I said, this was waaaay outside my comfort zone," she wrote in the accompanying message, "so I'm really nervous about sending it, but it's really hot, and I decided to offer it to people who will appreciate it... and are willing to pay for it."

Soon after that, she posted a video of herself kneeling naked at a window facing the street with her hands cuffed over her head. This time she wrote, "I've always wanted to experiment with being a submissive. I asked my Dom (husband) to train me, push me, and I want you all to help. PM me your ideas. We are going to incorporate some public/car/window fun, and I MAY also send some paid messages with "hardcore/raunchy" stuff (or MAYBE NOT, still not sure)"

The immediate reaction was strong, with lots of likes, comments, and tips. Many fans sent suggestions, many of which were impractical or too raunchy for her current tastes. Over the next week, she posted a few more pictures and videos of herself kneeling at the window, including one where Sterling whacked her ass with a crop.

They were lucky to both work at jobs that let them schedule some free time two or three afternoons a week, where they were home alone and could record some private activities. On one such Thursday afternoon, when a landscaping crew was working on their yard, Sterling came behind her in the front room and said, "Time for your next training." He took off her t-shirt and shorts, leaving her in just her thong in the middle of the room.

She clearly saw the four men working on their yard through the window. Sterling kissed her bare shoulder and cupped her small tits, rolling her nipples. She whimpered and felt her legs quiver as she stood there, exposed.

He was wearing just gym shorts and held her against his bare chest as he played with her tits. He slid his hands down her front, feeling the texture of her stomach, till his fingers touched the elastic of her waistband. She held her breath as he pulled the thong away from her waist and slowly pushed it down her legs.

"Wait here," he said and walked away, leaving her naked in the middle of the room.

She desperately wanted to put her hands over her pussy and tits, yet she also knew that Sterling would reprimand her, as her Dom, if she disobeyed the rules. So she waited, the sweat of anxiety building up under her arms.

When he came back, he stood behind her and handed her a hair tie. "Pull your hair back," he said. Raising her hands to her head brought her tits forward and made her more self-conscious. As Sterling stood close to her, she felt something brush against her ass, and she realized he was now naked. His cock had stiffened slightly and was brushing against her. Her pussy twitched at the thought that they were both on full view.

"I've got something new for you," he said and held a small black leather strap with the word SLAVE in bold silver letters. "You'll wear this collar whenever we do training or any exercise where you are a submissive." He brought the collar to her neck and attached it.

She put her hand up to it. It was both humiliating and arousing to have this sign of submission so blatantly attached to her. "Now this," Sterling said and covered her eyes with the blindfold. Then he guided her into the chair at the window.

"Just sit back, fold your legs up into the chair, if they see anything, it'll just be your cute little tits." She sensed him moving around behind the chair. "I've got the camera going, and I'll set the time for 15 minutes or so. All you have to do is sit there and let it happen." And then he left.

At first, the whine of their equipment sounded muffled. As it got louder, Andrea felt her heart racing and her pussy throbbing. Then there was a sudden roar from a leaf blower that sounded like it was right outside her window, and she jumped. Her tits bounced, and she gasped as her pussy twitched. She resisted the impulse to cover herself.

She felt a slight cramp in her legs, so shifted in the chair a little, possibly exposing her pussy. As the machine noises moved away, she heard voices, probably from the men working with rakes and other manual tools. They were speaking Spanish, so she had no idea what they were saying. A couple of them laughed, and her pussy tightened at the thought that they were laughing about her. Then somebody called out to them in English, a woman, and Andrea felt her body tightening even more.

"Alberto, clean out these dead plants, then get those new ones from the truck and plant them in the same place." The woman was right outside! Andrea knew exactly who this was, Cara, the landscape designer who had been there a couple weeks ago to discuss what needed to be done. Andrea's heart was pounding, sweat was streaming from her armpits, her legs were trembling. The woman was so fucking close! And what if Cara was still at the window when Sterling came back, naked?

The sounds of conversation moved away, but Andrea was trembling in the chair, and she felt her pussy leaking onto her legs. Two or three voices speaking in Spanish passed by the window, and she gripped the arms of the chair to keep herself in place.

Then the alarm started beeping quietly. She relaxed a little as the voices moved further away. Sterling should be coming back soon, but the alarm kept beeping. He was testing her, she thought, and she would just have to keep sitting there, a slave to her Dom. She did not relax completely, but she did feel her breath and her heart rate starting to slow down. Then she heard the door click and, a few seconds later, the alarm stopped. She waited.

"Get up," he said quietly. He took her hand as she stood and led her a few steps into the room. "Stop." He put his hands on her shoulders. "Get on your knees." She was a bit puzzled, since this had not been part of the plan, but she complied. She heard him walk away and then something being dragged, the chair, she thought. She sensed more movement, then silence.

After a while, she was startled by a gentle tap on her cheek. A couple more, and then she felt stroking along her cheek and chin. She soon realized it was his cock. She opened her mouth, and he placed it on her tongue. She closed her lips around it and started sucking.

She loved sucking his cock, the feel of the soft head riding on her tongue as the rest of it got thicker and harder. She started to reach her hands up to hold him, and Sterling said, "Keep your hands behind your back, so they'll think you're tied up." He laughed as he pushed his cock slightly forward. She felt slightly out of balance and choked on him a little, coughing some spit onto the floor and drooling onto her tits.

An engine started up, and she knew the crew was outside the window again. Maybe they would see them there, her proud naked husband with his bitch slave wife at his feet, her mouth gagging on his thick cock, drooling onto herself like a helpless whore. And that crew boss would certainly have no respect for such a shameless slut. The prospects were dizzying and sending tingling waves through her pussy as she continued to suck on Sterling's thick meat.

With the engines at their loudest, Sterling pulled his cock out of her mouth. She heard him stroking it, and soon she felt his hot load landing on her chest and tits. She opened her mouth, and he held his dripping cock there for her to lick the last few drops. She smiled and giggled, as she knelt there, a slave to her husband and a treat for the landscapers.

SHE SPENT A COUPLE NIGHTS editing the chair part of the video down to about two and a half minutes. She was developing a knack for story-telling, she thought. Here's Andrea sitting naked in the chair by the window, her little tits on display. Here's Andrea shifting in the chair as the landscape crew is working. Here's the crew getting close to Andrea, all exposed. Here's Andrea being really nervous as the leaf blower guy is just inches away outside her window.

In posting the video, she presented it as the next step in their submissive training and commented, "Things got messy afterward." Several fans asked what she had meant by that. It took her a few extra days to finish editing the blow-job video, because she kept getting turned on and distracted. When it was finally ready, she sent it out as a paid message, saying:

"OK fine, here's the bonus scene from the landscapers video. The most daring thing I have ever done... REALLY nervous. My Dom had me on my knees with my hands behind my back sucking his thick cock in full view of the landscapers. It was a sloppy, drippy, messy BJ and I gagged a few times on his girth. At the end...there is a dude standing outside the window while my Dom covers me with a HUGE load. I'm charging as much as I am because it's not my usual thing, but I would rather share it with a few appreciative/select people than just everybody. If you DARE to buy it..I know you'll enjoy."

She sat nervously for almost ten minutes before she finally pushed the Send button and then had to restrain herself from immediately retracting it. She walked away just to diminish the temptation. When she returned an hour later, there were already a few purchases and ecstatic comments about the video. "We did it," she said to Sterling, who had followed her into the room. "You did it, sweetheart," and before long, they were on the bed, fucking.

One of the early buyers was baudelaire49, the fan who had suggested the window strip dare. He was also one of the first to follow up on her request to be bought and owned, to, as she put it, "make me your own whore."

"My dear MiranDare," he wrote, "I'm taking you up on your challenge. I want to own your fat little ass. I want to make you my whore, my submissive slut, subject to my demands, my whims. I'm going to send you a series of assignments that will extend your sub training and make you as much my property as your dom's. By the end of it, you will have exposed yourself to me more than to anybody else except him. You will truly be my whore."

Every time she read this message, she felt throbbing in her pussy. She was eager to accept the challenges, each requiring greater exposure and offering higher payment.

In the first, he ordered the whore to love her body as she stripped and played with her pussy on camera. In the second, he had her repeat some of the sub training exercises she had posted on the site, but this time exposing herself to the camera, whether standing, sitting, or bent over with her ass cheeks spread. She felt totally exposed, tits uncovered, long pussy lips visible between her legs, playing with her pussy and fingering herself, spreading her ass cheeks. She had told him in the past that she did not like exposing her ass, yet he still ordered her to do it, and she had to submit.

Each new challenge pushed her limits and made her more uneasy. Each time, he told her this was what a whore would do and offered more money, and she gave in. And each time she completed a challenge, she felt excited that she had stepped past her comfort zone. She was truly becoming more and more of a whore for a complete stranger, and she loved it.

The final challenge pushed her further than ever. As with the others, he had combined elements of things she had already done and then went at least one step further. "To complete your training," he wrote, "drive to a secluded area, leave your clothes in the car, and take your vibrator and dildo with you. Film yourself walking, as you find an area close to a roadway where you can set up the camera to see both you and passing cars. Masturbate with the dildo and vibrator till you cum, then film your walk back to the car. Drive home naked. Record the whole thing."

She had done a few outside dares, usually with Sterling recording the video. This time, though, she would be alone, moving farther away from the safety of her car than she had ever done. And while she had played with her pussy on camera outdoors, she had never used a toy or had an orgasm outdoors. She already felt the fear tightening her stomach.

SHE PARKED IN THE OPEN SPACE near the trail she had used for a couple of her dares. She stepped out of the SUV and set the camera to record. She slid the strapless summer dress off and tossed it into the back seat. Then came her thong, and she was naked. She put her SLAVE collar around her neck, then took the pouch with her toys, locked the car, and headed down the trail, the camera aimed at her body as she walked briskly along.

The combination of cool breeze and warm sun on her naked skin and the fear of being discovered created a continuous thread of excitement running through her body. The further she got from her car, the more the fear dominated, and she could not tell whether the sweat running down her sides came from the heat or the fear. After a couple turns in the trail, she could no longer see the car. She felt completely isolated and exposed.

When the trail faded into shrubs and grass, she took a turn into the woods. She was heading for a secondary road that turned off the county highway; it led into a village with a small industrial plant, so there was occasional traffic, including a few trucks.

The shrubbery became thicker, and twigs and leaves were scratching and tickling her as she moved. She had to push some lower branches aside to make her way, and the ground became rougher for her thin sandals. The occasional sound of passing cars grew louder, and she knew she was getting closer.

She reached a point where she saw the road through the trees, and she started moving more carefully to make sure that she was not suddenly exposed. She heard the loud sound of a truck, and she spotted it flashing through the trees ahead.

She stood behind one tree till she was sure there was no traffic in either direction, then she jogged forward to the next tree. She did this three more times. Each time, the trees were thinner and more widely spaced, so she was less protected. The last tree before the road was barely thick enough for her to hide behind, and she squatted down to get as much cover as she could while she scouted the side of the road. A little off to her left, she saw some bushes right along the pavement and in somewhat of a culvert, where she was pretty sure she could lie down and not be seen from either direction. She waited until the road was clear as far as she could see, then sprinted over and crouched down behind the shrubbery.

Once she was safe and hidden, she set up the camera at a good position to capture both her position and a fair stretch of the road behind her. After testing the setup, she settled down within the bushes to relax.

Sitting back with her legs open, she started to stroke her pussy. She felt herself unwind as she spread her lips to each side and enjoyed feeling the moisture form along the thick soft folds. As she relaxed, she slid one finger into herself and lifted her hips slightly as it went in. After a few strokes, she added a second and started rubbing her thumb over her clit. As she gasped in reaction to the feelings that radiated out through her body, a car drove past over her head. She laughed at the thrill of being so much out in the open.

Now that she had loosened up, she pulled her glass dildo out of her pouch and ran it along her wet pussy to get it lubricated. Soon she held the knobbed head to her cunt and pressed it firmly but gently against the tight hole. She gasped loudly as it pushed its way in, then sighed as she slid it back and forth, getting her pussy wetter and looser with each stroke. With her free hand, she shook the vibrator out of the pouch, clicked it on, and began rubbing it against her clit. As the responses built up in her and she began to quiver, she felt the vibrations of an approaching truck, and the combination pushed her to an orgasm faster than she expected. As the truck roared past her, her whole body shook, and she shouted into the roar of the truck.

She fell back onto the ground and lay there limp, the dildo resting inside her pussy and the vibrator still quivering in her hand. A few more cars drove by before she started to gather her forces to sit up. The dildo shifted inside her as she moved, and she decided she was not ready to take it out. Instead, she shifted onto her hands and knees and reached between her legs to start fucking herself with the dildo again.

As the sensations began to take over, she lowered herself onto her shoulder and pushed her ass toward the camera. Cars whizzing by above her reinforced the sensations running through her, and soon another orgasm was rocking her body and pressing her into the grass and dirt along the road.

Soon the strength went out of her legs, and she collapsed on her side. Her cunt wanted more, though, and she retrieved the vibrator. She just pushed the button and wound up setting it on the highest vibration, driving herself into a rolling frenzy on the ground, her legs spread wide, bucking her hips and rolling down the slight incline into the gulley below the bushes. She lay there, shaking, bucking, gasping, moaning, yearning for the orgasm to rip through her completely until it left her drained and limp along the road.

The rumble of another truck woke her from her daze, and she crawled her way back to behind the bushes, suddenly afraid that she might have rolled away from her concealment. She pulled the dildo out of her pussy and slid it into the pouch, then she had to reach down to retrieve the vibrator. She sat there for another few moments, staring at the camera and thinking about the best way to retrieve it and get back to safety behind the woods. She was considering various approaches, playing each off against the other to figure out which would protect her the most, when an impulse just pushed them out of her mind. Fuck it, she thought, and she stood up, not even taking a moment to figure out if there were any cars approaching.

She walked slowly over to the camera, bent down to pick it up, and started across the open space toward the tree line. As she walked, she heard a car approaching on the far side of the road. She suppressed the instinct to run and continued her patient walk toward the trees. She heard something that sounded like a shout as the car went by, but she could not be sure whether that was a trick of the wind or her imagination.

She heard the rumble of a truck in the distance. She stayed just behind the first line of trees, definitely visible from the road, and the truck blew its horn as it went by. The driver must have seen her, she giggled, though she hoped that the brief glimpse of her ass and tits had not disturbed his driving. Maybe the sight had provided a moment of beauty or sexy delight in an otherwise regular day.

She laughed out loud, berating herself for over-thinking the moment. In a split second, he had seen her naked ass, and maybe that was all it was.

She got to the trail and headed back toward her car. The path was familiar, so she felt more comfortable. As she walked, she noted some dirt and grass stains on her knees and arms. There were probably some on her ass too. She laughed and started whistling quietly as she picked up the pace. The sun felt warm on her bare arms, and she was really pleased at how this adventure had turned out.

She rounded a turn in the trail and suddenly noticed some movement in the distance. She slowed down and squinted. It looked like a couple of joggers heading her way. Internally, she froze, although her feet kept moving. Her instinct was to jump into the bushes to hide, but they must have seen her already. If she hid, they might come looking for her.

She clenched her fists as she walked. She felt her stomach, her throat, her jaw, her ass, her pussy, all tighten up in fear and anxiety. Her eyes started to tear up as she kept walking, heading right toward these two figures getting closer and closer. She was sure they could see her now. They kept moving, and so did she. Yes, she wanted to run, yet she was also determined to keep going. As they got closer, she could make out that one was female, the other male. Was that better or worse than both the same? By now, they must be able to see that she was naked and heading right toward them. Her brain was spinning, and her pussy started to throb. She had this strange thought that her smooth slit was flashing, "Look at me!" This was the pinnacle of her exhibition, what she had pushed for in her dares, to be discovered, to be seen, and yet it was also what she feared the most.

She kept her eyes aimed toward the end of the trail, where she would get to the car. And when they got abreast of her, she pushed her mouth into a smile, flicking her eyes toward them. The man looked at her and said, "Hi," then looked at his running partner, who rolled her eyes. They kept on going, and so did she, filled with a giddy desire to run and hide. The sound of their running footsteps faded behind her.

She stumbled, feeling a little dizzy, and realized that she had been holding her breath as the joggers went past her. She took a deep breath to steady herself and kept moving toward the end of the trail. She glanced around as she walked, looking for other joggers or walkers, or anybody else who might spot her, who might recognize the doctor's red hair, even though she had tied it into braids to keep it under control during her escapade.

Her legs were beginning to tremble as she walked, probably a result of tension and the strain she had put on them through this whole experience. She was feeling out of breath, and her entire body was covered in sweat, dropping down her forehead, under her arms, making her thighs slippery, or was that just leakage from her pussy?

As she approached the final turn in the trail that would put her in sight of the parking lot, she suddenly heard some running footsteps behind her. Had one of the joggers returned? She kept on walking till somebody came up alongside her.

"Nice day for a walk," a different jogger said as he drew near. "You all right?"

Andrea nodded and kept walking. "Have fun," he said as he pulled away from her, then from over his shoulder, he called back, "Nice ass," and ran off.

She laughed in delight and relief and tried to call after him, "Thanks," but was not sure he had heard. She finally saw her car and picked up the pace. There was another car parked near hers, maybe belonging to the joggers. As she got closer, though, she saw one pulling into the lot and yet another parked further off, this one with several people getting out and milling around. She was not ready for a group encounter, so she started running, trying to get to her car before anybody noticed. She was still running when the family group started heading her way. She crouched down and put on a burst of speed to hide behind her car as she closed the final distance.

When she got there, she fumbled with the pouch to dig the keys out, and the contents fell onto the ground. With a groan, she grabbed the keys and unlocked the doors, so she could dive into the rear seat and hide. She heard the group talking and laughing as they passed the front of her car and headed down the trail. When their voices grew distant, she lifted her head and saw that the other people were still assembling around their car, so she snuck out, picked up her dildo and vibrator, and crawled into the front seat.

She started the engine and backed out of her space as the last group started across the lot. She drove past them, grateful that the SUV sat higher than most cars, so she was able to slump down and keep her bare tits hidden.

She sat up a little once she got back onto the road, but remained alert to the possibility of trucks or other vans that sat higher than hers. She kept a steady pace, neither too fast nor too slow till she got across the bridge and back onto familiar roads. She had originally planned to stop somewhere and pull her dress on, but she kept going right into her driveway. She knew Sterling was off with the children, so she had the house to herself. She gathered her toys from the front seat and her dress and thong from the back. After a careful look around, she eased her way out of the SUV and dashed naked to the side door, unlocked it, and slipped in, where she breathed a huge sigh of relief. Home, naked and safe.

She ran a hot bath and soaked for a long time with her hair untied to let all the tension drain out of her. She gently rubbed her pussy as she lay there. Afterwards, she took a quick shower and was all dressed and relaxed when Sterling and the family got home.

That night, she told him about the adventure, the story interrupted by one of them playing with the other. When she told him about being seen by the truck driver and the joggers, he insisted that she repeat the story as he stroked her pussy and again as he licked her. Then he said, "That's our next phase," as he slid his cock into her loose, wet cunt, "exposing you to others outdoors." She wanted to debate the point, but his cock interrupted her train of thought.

It took her a few days to edit the hour of video into a compact piece for baudelaire49 in fulfillment of his challenge. After a few highlights of her naked walk on the trail, she showed him an uncut view of the first two orgasms. She was a little surprised by how much of her butthole had been recorded when she was on her knees, but decided to leave it in. This whole exercise was about pushing past her boundaries, stepping outside of her comfort zone.

The third orgasm, though, went unrecorded, since she rolled out of camera range for that one. She included some of the walk back to the car and the ride home, but decided to keep her exposure to the truck driver and the joggers to herself; she was not ready to share those beyond Sterling.

When she sent the final video to baudelaire49, he was delighted and wrote her a glowing review, as he had done for all the other challenges he had sent her. Since this was the last of them, he bought her a WHORE collar as a reward, "because you've proved what a terrific whore you really are." His next purchase was a set of photos and a video of her wearing the collar and nothing more.


7