TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c December 2002 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for 
profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal 
use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, M+/F, MM, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


MERRY XMAS 2002 TO ALL AND TO ALL A HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!


TITLE:  Is It You or Her?
Author: C.D.E.

ABSTRACT: A husband has to contend with the antics, 
attitudes, and adultery of his wife, who supposedly has a 
split personality.

CAST:

Earl-Husband
Eva - Wife


	"Eva, isn't there something you want to tell me?"
	"I bet you want to talk about my pussy, don't you?"
	"Well, Eva, it's been pretty hard for me to not notice 
how messy and gamy and gapping it has been for the last few 
weeks when you've come in late.  Is it that new guy at 
work, Eddie?  The one that's called here a few time and 
left messages, as well as picked you up a few times."
	"Yes he's the one.  Isn't he handsome?"
	"That's beside the point Eva.  Remember, we're 
married.  You're not supposed to be committing adultery 
like this.  Or am I talking to the other Eva?"
	"You're talking to the naughty Eva now sweetie.  And 
yes, you're right honey, but it sure feels so good being 
adulterous and doing it with a big dick stud.  Since you're 
speaking of my pussy, as usual, you really do suck me good, 
just as you've done before when I've gotten control away 
from the nice Eva and change into being Eva the slut.  I 
was hoping you'd not say anything until my craving to fuck 
another man had run its course."
	"Not you again!"
"It's me now honey, the naughty Eva has gone away for 
now.  Yes, she made me do it."
"I guess I should've known.  Anyway Eva, I've been 
patient for 10 weeks, I decided we've got to talk about 
this."  Earl, her husband, spoke with an edge in his voice.
	"There you go getting upset again, just because the 
naughty Eva been feeding you a little cum from another 
man's dick."
	"A little?  Eva some nights you're really loaded.  
It's hard to believe that one man could shoot off that much 
stuff in a single session of intercourse.  Oh what's wrong 
with me?  Okay, which Eva am I talking to now?"
	"This is still the nice Eva dear.  Your darling loving 
wife. But I can answer for my other naughty side. Believe 
it darling, he's quite a stud.  He often gets off 4 or 5 
times each time we have a fuck session."
"F-Four o-or five?  Oh well, forget I said that.  
Another thing Eva, I don't know why you, or your other 
split personality, keeps all his stuff trapped in you until 
you come home and mount my face.  I really wish you or her 
would stop using pussy plugs whenever you feel the craving 
to cheat.  I almost drowned one night in the slimy deluge 
than streamed on my face as you straddled my head."
"That was Wednesday night.  I remember it well.  We 
did four guys that night.  You're right, our cunt was 
drenched and quite full.  The naughty Eva started out the 
night, but it was me that finished it up, Earl darling. I 
had no choice.  When the naughty Eva turned things back 
over to me, I found myself under the fourth man and he was 
boning me like there was no tomorrow. He was hung and knew 
how to use his equipment.  He really flooded me.  However, 
back to what you were talking about.  Yes, we both, that is 
both Eva's in me have come to agreement.  You see, we use 
plugs for two reasons.  The first is that all the men the 
naughty Eva causes me to get blamed for cheating with have 
long cocks and when they shoot off, it's deep in the bottom 
of our cunt.  So it would take a while for all their 
abundant stuff to leak out anyway.  So we use the plugs to 
keep from leaking as one of us is getting ready to come 
home to you after I've been fucked.  Secondly, it's really 
more fun sharing the delight of these fuck sessions with 
you in this way.  That is, by having you suck the fuck 
juices out of me.  That's so much better than to just let 
it run out uselessly.  It's such a warm joyful feeling for 
both of us to feel another man manly load oozing out and 
hearing you noisily sucking and slurping it up. I know the 
other Eva likes rubbing her fucked cunt in your face to 
shame you.  But for me, I just love riding your face when 
my cunt is full of another man's cum.  It shows me you 
really love me and I see myself as helping you show your 
love for me - well us."
"Eva, I really wish sometimes I wasn't so 
understanding.  It was bad enough you, well, you and her, 
tricked me for almost two years while we were dating and 
engaged, and conditioned me to enjoy sucking your gooey 
gapping drippy cunt.  It really hurt to find out you'd been 
having sex with several men.  At the same time, you denied 
me from putting it in and all the while fooling me into 
eating their gloppy stuff out of your pussy."
"Earl, by doing so, the naughty Eva proved you were a 
virgin.  You didn't know what a fucked cunt looked or 
tasted like, so that was proof positive to me that you were 
what you said you were.  I applauded her for that. However, 
the warm feeling she and I both got from having all that 
slimy fuck goo being sucked out of my messy oozing pussy 
was so ecstatic, I couldn't bring myself to stop doing it.  
Plus, Earl, you were so proud of getting me off with your 
mouth.  I could see it in your eyes, even through much of 
your face was smeared with the slimy wetness of my well-
fucked and well-sucked cunt."
"W-Well, I-I was, especially since y-you wouldn't let 
me p-put it in, I-I felt I had to do something to please 
you.  After all, I do love you Eva."
"You're so sweet Earl.  I knew you were just the 
husband for me."
"Speaking of being a husband, let's get back to the 
what started this conversation.  Eva, I know Dr. Easton has 
stressed that we should always try not to be emotional 
about these times when the other Eva takes control and 
causes you to forget you're married and commit adultery.  
You know slip into your other self, or personality.  And I 
think I have abided by his edit on that matter.  However, I 
believe you do get rather emotional, that's why I waited as 
long as I did before I mentioned it to you - that is, about 
all that jism in your pussy and your feeding it to me these 
last few weeks.  
"Earl, you're determined to bring those times up again 
and again aren't you?  Won't you ever let me forget about 
what the other Eva did then?"
"Eva, I accepted your apology each time it happened, 
okay?   What I'm trying to do is for us to talk through 
these issues instead of you possibly reverting back to her 
and resorting to physical action and doing something 
that'll you be sorry for again.  Like you did the last 
eight times you've whipped or beat on me."
"I know I was wrong each time I beat on you dear, but 
at the same time, each time you threatened to stop sucking 
my pussy or called me a slut or something like that or 
acted like I was a slut.  It was the other Eva and you were 
treating me like it was her.  I admit it's a little 
difficult for you to know which of us is in control at any 
given time, but earl darling, you have to consider my 
feelings.  After all, I'm the good Eva, your loving wife 
that only wants the best for us."
"Eva, I admit I did those things, and I suffered under 
your, a combination of both of your personality's hands, 
dearly for doing so.  You just don't know your strength.  
You've got at least 20 pounds on me and you're 4 inches 
taller too.  I also guess it also matters that you had a 
lot of Judo training too."
"Nevertheless Earl, we both made mistakes, all three 
of us.  I actually joined the other Eva in whipping you 
several times because I felt you were not sensitive enough 
about my feelings.  That is, in regard to your pledge to 
suck my pussy no matter which of my states of mind is in 
charge.  We both like you cleaning other men's cum out of 
our common pussy.  I want to be treated with respect no 
matter how many times the naughty cravings of my other self 
consumes me.  Dr. Easton was right about us respecting each 
other.  As long as you respect me and my other 
personality's need to have other men fuck us, and then have 
you suck out our common, semen soaked pussy, it really 
helps us control our emotional outbursts.  My part in 
whipping you was done because I didn't feel respected as a 
woman who had a problem. A problem that should be respected 
by her husband. The other Eva did it to show you she was in 
charge and to humiliate you as a man." 
"Yes Eva, Dr. Easton was emphatic about me 
understanding that it was not a wanton willful thing you 
were doing to me.  I guess sometimes it's been hard to 
remember that, so like he said, maybe your whipping me was 
a helpful way of reminding me your committing adultery was 
not of your own doing."
"I think it also was a way of keeping you faithful 
too, while we four - that is, myself and I, you and Dr. 
Easton - work on this problem my other self has of cheating 
on you and feeding you the outcome on my doing so."
"Not to mention raising them too."
"Oh Earl darling, I can't tell you how much more in 
love I am with you with each baby I've had by other men, 
due to Eva the slut, and brought home for you to be the 
daddy of.  You're so wonderful with our 3 kids."
"I-I try to be a good daddy for them."
"And you are sweetie, just like you're a good sucker 
of a spouse to both of us too."
"Somehow, Eva, I don't think that came out the way you 
meant it."
"Well one thing I know Earl, it's so good that you're 
acclimated to and don't find the taste of our common fucked 
pussy unpleasant.  That, along with your understanding 
nature and your honoring your vows. That is, the "better or 
worse" part.  These things have kept me your wife.  
Otherwise, I don't think I could've stayed with a husband 
who was a macho asshole.  I don't need a husband who is 
insecure with his manhood, so as to want to break up a 
marriage because of a recurring problem of adultery by his 
wife.  Or for that matter, the fact that he frequently has 
to eat another man's semen from his wife's cunt.  No Earl, 
you're an outstanding husband."
"Eva, you know I've tried, even though it's been 
difficult.  Especially, the many times when you've not been 
in the mood to let me have some after I've sucked you out 
and gotten you off with my tongue and mouth."
"It's that often I'm so tired after a good fuck 
session due to Eva the slut, by the other Eva's stud or 
studs, and an excellent suck session by you.  We're only 
human darling, our common pussy can only take so much.  
Besides, didn't Dr. Easton say that beating your meat was 
good for a husband like you who have small dicks, you know, 
as a way of controlling premature ejaculation and 
strengthening the penis muscles?"
"Uh, y-yes he did, b-but don't you think letting me 
have some 3 or 4 times a year is a bit too long to go 
without some Eva.  Especially, when it seems your other men 
are doing you several times a week?"
"Okay, you drive a hard bargain Earl darling, how 
about, Hmmmm, every two months?"
"Oh thank you Eva, thank you."
"You're welcome dear.  I'll try to make the other Eva 
understand that too.  Even though she may humiliate you 
from time to time, she loves you and thinks you are 
deserving of some of our good pussy, even though you don't 
have the equipment in your pants to work on it as good as 
our other men."
"Y-Yes please do make her understand.  And o-okay 
you've made your point.  I know now, my prick is not in the 
same league as what you're accustomed to having slipped 
into the both of you.  I-I guess I should think both of you 
for being so-so considerate of me."
"You're welcome darling."
"I-I guess, now that it's out in the open that you're 
having an affair with Eddie, by Dr. Easton's rule, it's not 
cheating anymore, it's just plain adultery, and I guess I 
have to accept that the solution is that we continue to 
talk about it, a-and work through it.  That is discussing 
why you should not be doing that.  Right?"
"Correct, and of course, the other Eva will continue 
to fuck him while we talk through this, and of course 
you'll continue to suck our filled pussy also, right?"
"Yes, yes, of course dear.  Like Dr. Easton said, if 
you hadn't conditioned me into becoming acclimated to the 
taste of jism and pussy juice, this approach would be 
difficult for me to handle."
"I'm so glad this has all worked out so well for us 
Earl.  Oh, by the way, I almost forgot.  Eddie has asked 
the other Eva to go on a cruise with him week after next.  
I'll talk to mother about helping you out with the kids 
while the three of us are away."
"A-A cruise?  H-How long will you be gone?"
"It'll be four days on the ship as we sail around the 
Caribbean.  Then a day each on the front, and tale ends of 
the cruise.  Count on me being gone about a week.  Okay?"
"A-A whole week?"
"Earl darling, I've been away at least that long 
before.  What's the problem?"
"When you're gone away, you know what can happen when 
some of the other Eva's studs coming by looking for Eva the 
slut, a-and you're not here."
"Oh that, I thought you were over that by now."
"Eva, I know you and Dr. Easton have gone over this 
with me many times, but it's sort of a principle of the 
matter with me having them drop by here unannounced in the 
first place, even when you're here.  Dr. Easton calling 
those old cases of adultery and for me to ignore those, 
because those aren't surprises to me, is something I don't 
understand."
"That's why he's the Doctor and we pay him so much to 
help us out with our marital situation.  And he has done a 
marvelous job if I say so myself."
"If-If you say so dear."
"I do Earl, I do.  Earl, the guys respect you as a 
cool husband when they come by to get some from your wife, 
who by the way, who is not really the Eva they know.  So if 
they come by when I'm not here, just tell them when you 
expect me back.  They can wait to see the other Eva."
"You know that's easier said then done.  You know what 
disrespect and abject humiliation they've put me through in 
the past when you're weren't available before."
"Oh that.  It's not a frequent thing, I don't know why 
you complain every time that happens.  I thought by now you 
would've become accustomed to sucking a few dicks when they 
needed sucking off.  It's not like you were a fag out 
trying to find dicks to suck.  It's really more of a mercy 
suck on your part, right?"
"T-They might say so, but I don't."
"Earl, look upon as them being the innocent victims of 
my split personality malady.  If the other Eva hadn't come 
on to them, they wouldn't have been after me.  Therefore I 
am at fault because of my sickness, that is of craving to 
be fucked by big hard dicks.  So once they get a taste of 
me, it's hard for them to turn it of.  So they are victims 
too Earl.  Therefore, if I'm a victim and they are victims, 
therefore you should want to help them too, since they are 
victims too."
"Y-You make it sound so-so justified.  Besides, it's 
not like they take no from me for an answer when they want 
to put their big dicks in my mouth.  They get belligerent 
and want to create a scene when I refuse them, not to 
mention threatening me with physical harm."
"You've done the right thing in the past.  That is, of 
being a cocksucker for them.  It can't be the taste of 
their stuff you're upset about, not as many quarts, or 
maybe gallons, of jism you've sucked out of my cunt - 
thanks to the other Eva.  Anyway Earl darling, you know 
what they say about a hard throbbing dick not having a 
conscience.  It's the reason they lose control and threaten 
you. Humiliating you is probably the farthest thing from 
their mind.  Getting off is on their mind. I know the 
fellows appreciate your sucking mouth as a surrogate pussy. 
They've told the other Eva so. By the way, they say you're 
a pretty good cocksucker swallow real well too."
"Eva, I-I wish you wouldn't even bring that up when we 
talk."
"Darling, I'm just telling you what the gays have told 
me.  And on a more serious note, Earl dear,  I don't want 
you getting beat up either.  You know you're no match for 
those brawny guys. I don't want you hurt.  You are not to 
resist or refuse them in any way when they push their dicks 
in your face.  Just do as I've told you.  Concentrate on 
licking their dick head slits before engulfing as much of 
their stiff meaty shaft as you can.  Also, and don't forget 
to fondle their balls, men like that in a good cocksucker. 
Okay? Promise darling?"
"O-Okay, I-I promise Eva."  Earl replied softly as he 
held his head down rather than looking his wife in the 
eyes.
"Good boy.  Remember it's for a good cause.  Your 
sucking them off solves their problem and makes them more 
reasonable and easier to deal with.  Can't you tell that 
they're less threatening after they get off in your mouth?"
"W-Well yes, now that you mentioned it.  They were.  
Sometimes a few of them have even stayed afterwards and had 
a beer and watched the games on TV with me before leaving."
"You see darling, if they meant to humiliate you, do 
you think they would drink your beer and watch games with 
you?  No darling, this is just their way of thinking you 
for being what they consider a cool liberated husband and 
being a true partner with your wife.  They do respect you 
Earl, maybe not as they would another real man, but in 
their own way, they do."
"I-I guess I hadn't looked at it that way before.  I 
do remember one of the guys saying something about he 
didn't think I-I was much of a man, a-and that I-I was a 
wimp for sucking h-his peter.  H-However, he said h-he 
respected me for doing what it took to keep my pretty wife 
from leaving me for men with b-bigger dicks.  He said you, 
I mean the other Eva, told him how short m-my prick is. I 
think his name was Eric.  I-I do remember it being easier 
to talk to chat with him after he said that.  I-I haven't 
seen him a while."
"She tells all her lovers about your shortcomings 
Earl, so don't be surprised at that.  About Eric, he's 
traveling a lot now, but he does fucks the other Eva 
occasionally.  He has a big handsome dick, and doesn't he 
shoot a lot?"
"H-He is well endow..., p-please Eva don't embarrass 
me further b-by asking me such things.  It's bad enough
I-I'm even talking with you about one of your, I-I mean the 
other Eva's lover's cock."
"Earl darling, we're married. We should be able to 
talk about the dicks of men that you've sucked on, 
especially if they've fucked me, your wife, even if was 
because of the other Eva.  We've done it before, remember?"
"I-I know Eva, b-but that doesn't make it any easier 
on me e-each time we've done so."
"Earl darling, how many times do I need to tell you 
that you're only doing what any good husband would do under 
the circumstances.  Don't be hard on yourself.  I'm proud 
of you for being a cocksucker for such well-endowed, big 
muscular men.  After all, it takes a lot of effort to suck 
on their big hard dicks and swallow all the hot jism they 
pump out.  I know from first hand experience through the 
other Eva."
"I-I guess I can't disagree with you there Eva.  A-And 
thanks Eva, it's been hard at times, but I've tried to be 
the best husband I can be for you."
"Yes darling you have. I appreciate it to.  And I know 
you'll continue to be a good husband for me. Won't you?"
"Of course I will, Eva, my love."
"Thank you darling.  So therefore Earl, don't be 
unhappy because you've had to suck dicks before, and maybe 
will have to suck the dicks of Eva's studs in the future.  
Just remember, it's for a good cause."
"Well, I-I'm not totally happy about any of this. 
H-However, like you've indicated, it appears to be a 
necessary thing I have to do.  Like Dr. Easton said, If I 
don't do these things, the naughty Eva could convince you 
to leave me, a-and that would hurt me badly."
"Me too Earl darling, I love you and want to be your 
wife.  I'm so glad you're doing everything possible to 
accommodate the slut side of me and appease the naughty 
Eva's desires."
"I love you too Eva and I guess I should be thankful 
that things have worked out as well as they have for us and 
that the other Eva hasn't taken you completely away from 
me.  Even though I'm not the biological father, we have 
three beautiful children and I'm always getting compliments 
about how I kept my vows and how faithful I am to you, 
despite the other Eva's antics."
"Yes Earl, you deserved to be praised for being such a 
noble husband.  And yes, you're a wonderful daddy to the 
babies of other men, which the other Eva and me have 
brought home to you.  All in all, things are going good for 
us even though the other Eva tends to cause a bit of 
mischief here and there for us."  
"Yes she does.  But going back to the other Eva's 
studs, yes, I'm glad that I didn't get beat up by them.  I 
didn't want to do what they wanted me to do. However, I 
didn't really have a choice otherwise.  And Eva, You've 
said many times before it doesn't bother you.  But I'm sure 
it's got to make you upset just a little bit that these men 
just walk in here and make me s-suck their huge c-cocks and 
swallow all their heavy loads of viscid semen."
"Just the opposite Earl darling, you doing that for 
them again shows me what a wonderful husband you are.  
Marriage is a partnership.  You being there for them is 
just another way of you helping me, your marriage partner, 
carry the load, or should I say take their loads.  Hee! 
Hee! Hee!"
"Funny! Funny! But seriously Eva, t-they'll listen to 
you. C-Can't you tell them t-that they shouldn't force me 
to..."
"Earl darling, remember what Dr. Easton said about 
cocksucking being educational for you? That is of 
experiencing what it feels like to be a warm wet cunt and 
being on the receiving end of those spurting seminal 
hoses."
	"I-I don't need to be reminded about how bigger, more 
robust, and sturdier your..., I-I mean the other Eva's 
other men's cock are compared to me.  B-But Eva, that was 
nine years ago.  Since then, I-I've must've had to suck 
your stud's dicks over a 100 times.  I-I don't think there 
is anything else for me to learn about what dicking prowess 
they have."
"Earl, think of it as a continuing education.  Also, 
didn't Dr. Easton tell you that the more frequent you suck 
such manly dicks, the less likely that you'll have to get 
readjusted to having your lips stretched, and being 
re-acclimated to the volume, expulsion force, and heat of 
their hot ejaculate?  Not to mention the conditioning of 
your throat and tongue muscles to accommodate rapid 
swallowing of all the men's virile hot cum."
"H-He did, but I-I have my doubts about some of the 
things he says."
"Let's not be negative darling.  Either way, I tend to 
agree with Dr. Easton, I think you being their cocksucker 
has been beneficial for you and our marriage.  After all, 
there aren't many wives who can have a conversation with 
their husbands about the taste of their studs' jism, both 
from the studs' dicks as well as out the wife's cunt."
"Well, (Sigh!), it looks like this I'm not getting any 
sympathy from you on this matter.  But another thing is on 
my mind Eva."
"What is it dear?"
"Please don't get pregnant, like you've done on all 
the other cruises you've gone on before."
"Earl, you know I never plan on getting pregnant from 
anyone other than you my husband, but it's my naughty 
personality that has got herself knocked up three times 
before.  Even though, I have to end up bearing the burden 
of her misdeed and being a good mother to the baby, and you 
of course being the doting loving daddy."
"Please, if you can, please keep the other Eva, the 
naughty Eva, from getting knocked up again.  Take your 
pills.  Maybe we should get you one of those implant birth 
controls.  That way you don't have to worry about taking 
daily pills.  The birth control is automatic and lasts up 
to 5 years."
"An excellent idea sweetie, but they aren't without 
serious side effects.  No, I'll take my chances with 
keeping the other Eva from doing that.  However, if I fail, 
I know I can count on you.  Besides, Earl, there is more 
balance in having an even number of children."
"Eva, we're just barely got our heads above water now.  
Another baby will cause me to get a second job.  Please, do 
what you can to "not" get inseminated."
"I wish you could be there to be mine, and the other 
Eva's, tongue birth control."
"Ordinarily, I would be offended at doing such, 
however - Sigh! - under the circumstances, I guess I would 
volunteer if I could go along with you."
"You're a good husband Earl, but Eddie is paying my 
way and you have to stay home with the kids.  Of course Mom 
will help out while you're at work."
"I'm glad of that.  She's been very helpful when 
you've gone away before. The only disagreement she and I 
get into is about is that she sees the naughty Eva's 
cruises and escapes as vacations for you to get away at a 
savings for me. That is, because I'm not paying for them."
"I know darling, but one day, I hope you see things 
her way.  It is an opportunity for me to travel and see the 
world."
"I-I just wish it didn't have to be with another man, 
especially another man who your other personality is having 
an affair with, and using your body."
"I understand your feelings Earl sweetie, but just 
imagine what I'm going through, since I'm really the one 
being used here."
"I-I see your point Eva.  Another thing Eva, I wish 
there was some way of determining when the other Eva takes 
you over."
"It's an erratic thing."
"Oh well, I've suffered though this for the last nine 
years, and two years before we were married.  I guess I'll 
have to put up with it a bit longer until you can suppress 
or get rid of the other, naughty Eva personality.  I just 
hope you can do so before you have another baby by another 
of the other Eva's studs."


EVA TALKS TO HER MOM:

"Sure, you know I'll be glad to help Earl out with the 
kids.  He's really a good daddy to those kids.  I'm sure 
he'll be that way, no matter how many little bastards you 
bring him as the naughty Eva. I have to give it to you, you 
sure pulled the wool over his eyes good with that split 
personality scam.  He's swallowed it all.  It's been almost  
10 years now and he's not the wiser yet."
"Well, mother, it's not totally a scam, I do have 
these urges to fuck other men.  Real men who are able to 
deliver the meat in bed.  I'm just getting Earl some help, 
and doing it in a way he can, well, I guess the right way 
to say it, is that forces him to accept it."
"Yeah, Dr. Easton has really paid off for you and your 
marriage.  I know you're fucking him."
"I sure am, otherwise he wouldn't be giving out such 
outlandish advise to my sweetie pie Earl. Who, by the way, 
has followed it all to the letter, with my help of course."
"I guess having so many pictures of him sucking your 
men's dicks doesn't hurt either."
"No mother, it doesn't.  He thinks the naughty Eva may 
put them on the Internet if he isn't obedient to both of 
us. But don't get me wrong, I love Earl dearly and we have 
a very good marriage."
"I know, except it's on your terms.  I've heard you 
say so, many, many times. Well, I have to give it to you 
Eva, you've made me some pretty grand kids from all those 
handsome studs you've fucked and got knocked up by."
"Earl's mother told me the same thing several times."
"I know, she's also mentioned the same to me.  You do 
realize that she knows you're making a fool out of her son, 
don't you?"
"Fool is too harsh of a word mom, cuckold yes, fool 
no.  You see, she and I have had several talks about our 
marriage.  She has also applauded me for the way I've 
managed her son.  She and I are in harmony in our thoughts 
about Earl.  You see, she realizes that Earl would be a 
disappointment in trying to be a good husband to a nice 
chaste girl.  His lack of manliness and inept attempts to 
be a man of the house probably would only hurt them both in 
the long run and lead to divorce or drinking or even drugs 
on both their parts. His then respectable wife would 
eventually have to do something to make up for Earl's 
failure as a husband and man to her. Earl's mom knows her 
son is a milquetoast and she sees the partnering of him and 
I, a wimp and a slut, as giving us both what we need from 
each other.  He needs the love of and association of a 
strong pretty woman - namely yours truly - to bolster his 
image as a man with other men.  While I need his easygoing 
manner and lack of real manliness to accept whatever I 
impose on him to keep the relationship together the way I 
want it.  We love each other, but it's our kind of love.  
It's a "give and take" love relationship - I give 
directions and he takes them - which keeps our marital 
relationship in balance and harmony."
"And of course, Earl has a greater capacity to take, 
so you dump on him, right?"
"Again, mother, dump is a harsh word.  Earl has the 
greater ability to adapt and accept to the conditions he 
finds himself in, or which I've cleverly imposed on him.  
That's how I like to view it."
"Ha! Ha! Ha! You should go in politics with all that 
double talk. But I have to admit, your husband is a one of 
those guys that if you didn't take advantage of him, 
someone else probably would have.  So from that 
perspective, he's better off with you."
"His mom also implied the same thing.  She also 
admitted that Earl was a mama's boy in the truest sense of 
the word and needed a strong woman to guide him. She told 
me the day before the wedding that she knew what I had been 
doing to her son for the year or so of our engagement, and 
gave me her full blessings to carry on after we got 
married, which she was sure I'd planned.  We two embraced 
as I assured her I would be doing so."
"You never told me that before."
"Well, mom, I wasn't sure you were ready for that yet.  
After all, you were glad that I was marrying a respectable 
husband, but you weren't totally pleased at how I was 
treating Earl."
"Yes Eva, how well I remember.  I'm glad you didn't 
tell me that his own mom was virtually a conspirator 
against him also.  I don't know if I would have done 
anything about it, but I'm glad I didn't know anyway."
"His mother is a gem and after my own heart.  She told 
me that Earl probably has a masochistic streak and needs 
some type of adversity to endure so he can feel useful to 
those around him.  She thought the split personality scheme 
was brilliant, and especially so when the babies started to 
come along.  It gave him real public humiliation to deal 
with in addition to the private humiliation of having to 
suck my jism soaked cunt made that way by other men."
"Now I know why you were so sure that she would go 
along with you having those babies.  I bet she helped you 
quell any dissenting feelings Earl had about you carrying 
other men's babies to term, didn't she?"
"You're right on target mom.  After the second baby, 
Earl didn't have much fight left in him.  He just accepted 
that he was married to two women in the same body - one 
good and the other an adulterous slut.  However, the good 
Eva insisted on carrying the shameful burden to term, 
caused by the slut within her.  Earl just had to accept it 
and be a good daddy to the kids, as well as a good cuckold 
husband to me and my slut side."
"And he has been a good cuckold too, even when having 
to deal with your studs brazenly coming by to pick you, I 
mean, the naughty Eva, up for dates."
"Yes he has.  Earl, just as his mom had predicted, is 
a bit masochistic, and that has also helped bond us even 
closer together as he has had to face more humiliation 
because of my naughty side."
"What in the world do you mean?"
"Well mom, it's like this. Earl sees he and I, the 
good Eva, as a team, having to fight the adversities 
created and caused by the naughty Eva in order to hold our 
marriage together.  This is a worthy cause to him.  This 
fits in well with his masochistic nature.  That is, even 
though he finds himself being humiliated as a man, it's for 
a good and just cause.  That is, to protect the woman he 
loves, a.k.a. the good Eva, and the marriage he's in, even 
though he has to share his wife with other men, because of 
the naughty Eva."
"A worthy cause? I'm impressed."
"Yes, it is to him.  And to reinforce that he's doing 
the right thing, Dr. Easton and I always stress to Earl 
that he is being a good husband in the way he's dealing 
with the adversities created by the naughty Eva. That is to 
be tolerant and let the malady run its course.  Basically, 
we're telling him to accept and adjust to any increasing 
degree of humiliation.  By doing that he becomes 
desensitized to it.  By doing that, it becomes less 
humiliating to him and more of a routine part of our 
marital relations."
"And I guess that's what happened when the naughty 
Eva's studs started imposing themselves on poor Earl to 
suck on their hard hot dicks when she wasn't available?"
"Precisely.  That's a classic example of how the most 
abject humiliating act for him has become more or less a 
routine thing the more times he's been required to perform 
it.  By the way, mom, I've arranged for a few of the guys 
to drop by, unannounced, to see Earl during the time you'll 
have the kids over here at your place."
"Oh I see. That way, you're going to make sure that 
Earl and naughty Eva's studs have their privacy, so Earl 
can truly prove what a really good husband he is by 
carrying some of the lo..., no I guess I should say, take 
some of the loads of the marriage.  Ha! Ha! Ha!"
"You've always had a way with words mom.  Hee! Hee!"
"By the way Eva, is this cruise going to make me and 
your mom-in-law grandmothers again?"
"Keep your fingers crossed. Hee! Hee!"


EPILOGUE:

	Eva had a great time on her cruise.  She brought back 
many pictures.  Many for all to see of the many scenic 
sites she and her stud, Eddie, visited.  However, she also 
brought back many, and even a video, of her being intimate, 
actually being thoroughly fucked by Eddie, several times at 
that.  Eva reserved these for her faithful husband Earl to 
see.
	Earl was not excited about any of the photos and 
especially not the intimate pictures and intimate video; 
however, his adulterous wife's naughty personality had done 
it to him before.  So he was not totally shocked, maybe 
just a bit.  He just endured the humiliating pain as his 
wife narrated the photos and video of the great sex the 
other Eva had gotten for both of them.
	Earl was also glad that his adulterous wife was back 
for another reason.  Over the 6 days while she was gone, no 
less than 8 former studs showed up with hard dicks.  
Actually, very hard dicks.
	Cowed and well intimidated by all 8, Earl spent a lot 
of time on his knees before them with his mouth stuffed 
with their rigid hard members and was well filled with the 
outpouring of the men's viscous, gluey, hot, dick slime.
	A few weeks after her return from the cruise, Eva also 
discovered that she'd brought something else home with her, 
actually in her - a set of twins.
	Eva told Earl that she's sure one of the videos 
captured the time that she'd conceived.  Earl was not 
amused or excited about that news.  He just grimaced and 
frowned.
	Earl is also worried about his wife saying that an 
even number of kids is better than an odd number.  With 
three on hand and 2 more on the way, he realizes that five 
is an odd number.
	Earl, after pondering that matter for a while, came to 
the conclusion he could only deal with one crisis at a 
time, and put the potential of pregnancy number 6 in the 
back of his mind.  He expressed a deep sigh of 
capitulation, and resumed looking through the classified 
ads for a second job, as his wife, the good Eva, talked of 
baby room decorations. 

###END###

Comments? CDE at ccwriter@hotmail.com 

All my stories are archived at www.asstr.org. Click on 
"Authors", then click on "C.D.E.", then click "FTP".




	
