Jess is hungry, she sits on the edge of the bed, her face shifting into something horrible and unholy, as she starts to bite at her lips, pulling them free with her teeth and regrowing it to do it again. "I'm hungry." She whines, "so very hungry."

"I sent the imps out to eat, why are you still hungry?" Sam says turning around in the barely lit motel bedroom.

"I am not the imps," she whines, stretching, out towards him, "I cannot feed like they do, where is the demon, where is she? I'm hungry." Her face is twisted, no longer the girl he loved, lips curled into an ugly leer, her nails brought up to scratch at her eyes, "I'm hungreeeeeeee," she drew it out, "where is the demon?"

Sam roots around in his pack and pulls out a silver flask which he uncorks and brings it to his lip. It's empty. He tries to shake it out, then goes into the bathroom, filling it with water and then gulping it down to get the very last drops out. "Saaaaaam," she whines.

"I'll call her." He says. "It's okay, I'll call her." He pulls out his cell, but it runs straight to voice mail. He cuts the call and tries again. Then again. Then again. He's just getting her voice mail over and over again.

"We'll hunt," Sam said turning, "we'll find you some demons, we'll feed, it's okay, Jess, we'll feed you, you just have to wait."

"You ask and ask and ask," she whines clawing at her arms, "I want so little in return, I'm hungry Sam, so very, very hungry. I want her, sam, I want her, I want her blood, I'm hungry, I give so much and I'm still hungry."

Sam takes a deep breath and then flicks on the light, he is part of Jess, she exists within him, but she's scaring him now.

He dreams of a red plain with a strange purplish light and rivers of blood, there are great mounds of bones that clearly belonged to a mythical beast. Fires erupt from craters in the ground with loud belches and smoke. There is a tower in the desolate place, and around it are battlements of bones and tusk, tattered flags flutter and snap in the wind. His view point, in the dream, is tracked like the spirits in the Evil dead movies, rushing like a runner but too quick and too fluid for human eyes. There is the human skeleton of a knight lain across the doorway, a horn in his hand and his shield bearing the image of a chaffinch holding a mace in it's feet, wrapped in thorns. He knows he should recognise it but he doesn't.

The doors open to his approach, there are smoky torches in sconces along the walls and the flag stones are wet and shiny. Behind him the knight climbs to his feet and lets out a tarantella to announce his arrival then falls back to the stone at the door with a clatter.

There is a sort of reptilian hiss, the sussuration of dry scales rubbing against each other, something behind the walls which stink of old animal fat, and something dusty and musky. The doors all open to his entrance and there is animal chanting, the beating of drums, the thumping of bones and stomping of feet.

The last door is surrounded by mirrors, the surfaces of which are like dirty black stone, but the frames were tarnished gold and greenish copper or bronze. There is a throne upon which Heather sits, wearing a black mist around her brow instead of a crown, "you come back soon, my love," she replies standing up, silk falls around her slight figure to reveal a golden cup over the very tip of her breast, "perhaps the war goes well."

"My hunger for blood is temporarily quenched, my other hungers intrigue me." It is his voice and he can feel armour heavy about him as his hands reach out to undo it, letting his breastplate fall to the floor with a clatter.

Heather laughs, a dark dirty sound, "I have prepared a cup for you to drink, meat for you to eat, and for your Darkness," she swings her arm to reveal a demon, tethered and bound, "a gift." She stands up, walks over to the demon, wearing a human meat suit, and lifts a knife, then she slits the demon's throat.

Sam wakes up with a start in pitch darkness, the bulbs exploded in their sockets, glass tinkling to the floor. Dean sits up, still mostly asleep with his gun in his hand. "What the fuck?"

Sam is suddenly ice cold and clammy, like damp moss is pressed around his skin, "just crappy electrics," Sam says, "bulb blew, go back to sleep, Dean, it's just."

Dean makes a happy harrumphing sound and goes back to sleep, his gun slipped back under his pillow with a practiced motion.

Heather gave Sam three bottles, one a thick red liquid like blood that won't coagulate, aglaophotis a liquid used in the exorcism of evil, a single drop could drive any possession from a body, no matter how powerful the demon, and incredibly rare. The second is a white powder with a handwritten label called White Claudia that Heather told him would reveal hidden things and was used in ceremonies to perceive the true face of god. She told him that if he took some, and a few grains would do, he would be able to see the true form of demons. The third is more mundane, a powerful sedative that he's been slipping in Dean's beer so he might sleep more. It speaks volumes of Heather that she had three hospitals to raid over seven years and only took the Ambien.

He imagines she helped herself to the gauze and bandages as her skin is marked with scars. That might be the excuse for the Batman bandaids that have appeared.

He climbs out of the bed as Dean sits up and says "demon omen," proof that even half asleep he's a capable hunter.

"No, Dean, just crappy electrics," Sam repeat, "go back to sleep," and drugged, half asleep and pliable, for once, he does.

Sam gets up, sweeps up the worst of the glass with a piece of paper as a dust pan and dumps it in the trash. He'll complain about it in the morning. The alternative is that he wakes Dean with the owner coming in apologising he has no idea what happened.

He gets himself a glass of water and looks at the bed. He's not going to get any more sleep tonight so he might as well read. He sits until dawn at the laptop ignoring Jess and her insatiable hunger. There is nothing he can give her right now.

The next night he dreams of Heather again, this time she sits at a table next to him and facing him are the seven satans, those he recognises and those he doesn't and they are talking politics. She is wearing a shower of gems and only gems held together by chains and there are more stuck to the skin of her face and hanging from her hair. She has never looked more beautiful to him than like that, in her power, as she commands the seven generals of his army. He watches her as Belial comments on the lust rippling off him. It is true, he lusts for her.

Afterwards she doesn't lead him to her bed, which is the usual state of affairs between them, instead she turns in the doorway and asks about Jess. The creature appears from his shadow, Jess but not Jess, something other, something stronger, the thing that Jess will become but still with Jess' face and body. Like Heather she wears gems but where Heather's are diamonds Jess wears onyx, obsidian and haematite. It shimmers with sound as she moves, and Jess has never walked, she glides.

Sam wakes later sticky and sweaty his cock actually sore in his pants. Jessica is hungry and she sits in the darkness, eyes glowing as she stares at him.

"Dude," Dean says in the car, "are you coming down with something, 'cause there's tylenol in the kit if you are." Sam's cold, so cold, and shaking, but his skin is hot to the touch. He feels so hungry he might be sick.

"I'm good," he lies, "probably nothing."

It doesn't feel like nothing, it feels like ants under his clothes, it feels like knives twisting up his stomach. Even the hard skin on his feet is crawling. Jessica's hunger is overwhelming him.

"Yeah, see if you can get some sleep, I'll get you some coke at the next stop, don't want you yakking all over my baby." He smirks to himself, "do you know who can yak, I mean seriously, Cas, it was like something out of the exorcist, whatever you do don't feed him eggs, they're no sooner down than they're back." He sniggers, "he didn't know what was happening, but I didn't know whether to help him or laugh."

"That's good," Sam says but he's not listening, he's feeling hunger crawling up his throat. "So, you think this might be a demon nest we're going up against."

"Not if you go all Team America on me," Dean answers, "it can wait till the morning."

"Dean, how many more people will die, I'm okay, I'm just tired and hungry. What is it, two demons, three? We can ice them and get something to eat. Some food and some sleep and I'll be fine." Dean looks skeptical, but he agrees.

There are five demons in all, and in his head he can hear the imps screaming blow out the lights, blow out the lights, but he doesn't think, the blood doesn't let him think. It overwhelms him and it's all he can smell, hear, feel taste. His hands are on the demon and his mouth on the wound, determined to feed. Jessica is shrieking in his head like the klaxons in Heather's little town and the blood tastes like sunlight but still of crap. No matter how much he needs it it tastes of burnt matches and copper pennies.

It's only later that it occurs to Sam, when he's drank his fill, that Dean is watching on in horror.