
         









Nerve Endings - 3
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)
***

Jan finds out evenings at home can be fun too. Dad and 
his car? (Mf, ped, inc, exh, mast)

***

After a short nap, I got up and stretched, and looked 
out my bedroom window at the empty house next door. I 
live in a residential housing track with all the houses 
pretty much the same. Some are two stories like mine, 
and my neighbors on the left side, and some are ranch 
one story jobs like the one on my right. It's a kid's 
kind of place with little ones and some older kid's 
about my age. I am the smallest girl still on my block 
so all the moms think of me as a kid, not a teenager. 

Anyway, my bedroom window is below the neighbor's on 
the left, and I have a big bay window in the front 
looking west, so sun comes in through the drape less 
window in the morning. I love my room and my stuffed 
animals are everywhere!

I slipped my wool skirt off and undid my wraparound top 
and walked naked into the side bathroom, which is part 
of my bedroom. I took a quick shower and dried off with 
a big soft towel, which left me shaking, as the tremors 
ran through my body from the contact on my sensitive 
skin ,on my nipples and tummy, and cunt lips. I slipped 
a little pink summer dress over my naked body, and ran 
my hands over my nipples, and down to my cunt, and gave 
myself an instant orgasm from the soft material! God, I 
love my little body and the thrills it gives me!

I bounced down the stairs and into the kitchen and went 
over to mom and hugged her, and gave her a lingering 
kiss until I heard her breath catch in her throat. She 
pulled away and stared into my eyes.

"That's enough of that, young lady. Your dad will be 
home any minute so help me finish getting dinner."

We talked some more as we finished setting the table 
and dad came in and gave us both a peck on the cheek 
and we sat down to eat. 

I looked over at dad and caught him looking at my tits 
which were almost naked through the thin little dress I 
was wearing. He blushed, as I grinned and clenched my 
thighs, and moved my legs together to move my cunt lips 
against each other. I knew my nipples were getting 
extended as I glanced down to see my tummy and the top 
of my lips under my dress. 

Mom was staring at me as I looked up and I could see 
the look of pure lust in her eyes, and I started to 
shake as I had a mini orgasm. 

Dad had one hand under the table and I bet he was 
rubbing his bulging pants as he watched me, but he 
would never let on to mom that he lusted after my 
little body. But I knew better since I would catch him 
looking every once in a while, when I was bending over, 
or reaching up, or dancing around the living room.

We finished and dad went in to watch TV as we washed 
the dishes, then went in to join him and hear about his 
day as a computer engineer. He is really smart and good 
looking and all his lady friends at the office think he 
is hot, so mom says.

Dad and mom sat on the sofa and I lay down on the floor 
in front facing away to watch the TV There wasn't much 
on so I fell asleep for a little bit until mom said she 
was going to hit the hay and kissed dad goodnight and 
kissed the top of my head.

"I love you, mom."

"Love you too, sweetie, very much!"

Dad channel surfed and I asked if we could watch the 
Playboy channel, which our cable package carries.

"I don't think you should watch that stuff."

"Oh, come on, Dad, I know about the birds and bees from 
school, and mom lets me watch it sometimes when you are 
gone on trips."

He finally agreed so he switched over to the channel 
and immediately two girls were going after each other 
on the screen. One of the girls was very young with 
long blond hair and looked a lot like me and I 
immediately got warm all over as I leaned on my elbows 
and started to push my cunt lips harder into the plush 
rug beneath my silky little dress. 

I could just make out my Dad in the reflection on the 
screen and I saw his hand move over into his lap. I 
slid one of my spaghetti straps down and slowly rubbed 
the erect nipple over the carpet, which sent shivers 
through my body and tingles in my cunt. Since I knew 
Dad couldn't see, I slipped the other strap off, so 
both of my nipples were now sliding back and forth over 
the floor and my cunt was twitching as my lips swelled.

"It's getting warm in here. I'm going to go change into 
my robe."

"Okay, Dad, I'll open the patio door while you change."

I slipped the straps back up and went over and pulled 
the door open, and the warm night breeze blew over my 
moist little dress, and I got goose bumps as my nipples 
swelled so big that they ached.

Dad came back in wearing his light bathrobe which is 
very thin and I could see his bulging dick almost 
springing out. I shook as I lowered myself back down on 
my stomach and ground my body into the carpet as an 
orgasm ran through me.

I rose back up and slid the straps off again, and 
squirmed a little, so my dress began to ride up over my 
bottom, and I panted as the fabric rubbed across my 
tender butt. The scene on the tube heated up and I 
began to move my hips, clenching and unclenching my 
butt to rub my cunt lips harder into the carpet. 

The carpet rubbed my nipples and my lips slid against 
each other until I was having little orgasms run 
through my body. I jerked through one orgasm as the 
next one started and I started humping the rug as I 
pinched my tits with one hand.

I saw Dad open his robe, and saw him pulling on his 
dick, and I shook as a big orgasm overtook me! 

"Can I take my dress off, Dad? It is really hot in 
here!"

"If you want, but don't say anything to your mom, 
please?"

"Don't worry, Dad, she knows I can't stand clothes."

"Alright, I guess I'll take my robe off too."

I stood up and pulled the dress over my head as Dad 
slid his robe off, then I lay back down on the floor 
and spread my legs, as I reached under my body to rub 
my little clit. As I worked on my clit I pinched my 
nipples and rubbed them faster and faster on the 
carpet! I looked at Dad's reflection and saw his dick 
sticking in the air, as he was rubbing it faster and 
faster in time to my finger now fucking in and out of 
my cunt. 

I raised my hips up off the floor and jammed my fingers 
in and out as I panted and moaned. I was now in the 
throes of a huge orgasm as I jerked on my tits with my 
face jammed into the carpet, and my butt in the air, 
with my legs spread wide, so Dad could see clear up 
both my holes, as I fucked myself furiously. Then I 
screamed as the waves wracked my body and I saw Dad's 
cum fly up in the air, and he grunted as he came, again 
and again, spraying cum all over his body.

I slowly sank back down to the carpet and fell asleep 
in a swoon. I woke up later with a blanket over my body 
and I remembered Dad kissing my head and patting my 
butt as he left the room. I stood up and stretched and 
wiped the sweat off my face as I stumbled over to the 
patio door to let the breeze cool my hot little body. 
God, that felt good, and Dad really got off on me, how 
wild.

I looked out on the night and all the lights in the 
houses were off so I thought "Wouldn't it be wild if I 
went outside naked to the front of the house?" My 
nipples stiffened at the thought as I stepped out into 
the night air and felt the cement under my bare feet. 

I walked slowly around the house to the side gate and 
looked up and down the street as I pulled the gate 
open. Dad's car was sitting in the drive so I walked 
around behind it and leaned over and felt the warm 
steel caress my tits and cunt lips. I spread my legs so 
the little emblem pushed my cunt lips apart and started 
rubbing up and down as I dragged my tits up and down 
the warm metal of the trunk.

As the orgasm started to overtake me I reached up and 
grabbed the roof and flattened my aching nipples into 
the trunk as I humped the little emblem up and down my 
clit. "Unh, unh, unh! Ooh God that feels sooo good! 
Ounh, unh oh, oh, unh, aghh!!" I jerked as my body was 
wracked with waves of pleasure over, and over, and 
over! The sweat from my body was pooling on the car and 
I was sliding back and forth over the wet finish as I 
came again from the wild sensations coursing through 
me!

I slowly slid down off the trunk leaving a smear of 
sweat and cum on the shining deck. As I stood I saw a 
slight movement out of the corner of my eye and I 
thought I saw a curtain move in the window of the house 
across the street. I dashed around the house and ran in 
and up my stairs to my room. 

Looking out the big window I couldn't see anything so I 
turned on my light and went into my bath to shower. The 
house across the way is owned by a single lady, so I 
wasn't really worried that she might call the cops. I 
always paraded naked around my room with the light on 
anyway so she probably didn't even notice or care.

After a warm shower I dried off and slid under the 
satin sheets and grabbed my teddy bear and fell asleep.

