Title: Emily_(0)
Author: lovekisshug
Rating: 97.1%
Themes: True Story, First Time, Lesbian, Oral Sex, Romance

Summary:
I cant say how exactly we became such good friends, but in my junior year I took her (a freshman) under my wing, and our relationship developed rapidly.  We stayed great friends through out school…having sleep-overs, going to parties…in the end I might even say that in those two years as friends, I went on more “dates” with her than with all of my boyfriends combined.  It was only natural that when I left for college we would keep in touch.

I saw her every time I went home, and we carried on as

============================================================

I cant say how exactly we became such good friends, but in my junior year I took her (a freshman) under my wing, and our relationship developed rapidly.  We stayed great friends through out school…having sleep-overs, going to parties…in the end I might even say that in those two years as friends, I went on more “dates” with her than with all of my boyfriends combined.  It was only natural that when I left for college we would keep in touch.

I saw her every time I went home, and we carried on as if the time and distance had not.  Some things did change however…she was becoming a more defined, stunning and independent individual.  Her company was much more alluring and her appearance… it alone was enough to make me question my sexuality.

Her curves were defined, but more strung out.  She was taller—still a good five inches shorter than me—and her hair was long and curly, enticing me to run my fingers through it.  She had also started wearing dark eyeliner around her engaging ice blue eyes.  Everything about her was enhanced in some way, and I wanted it—to touch kiss and lick.  I ached for her in the weirdest of ways.  Then, while hanging out at her house on Christmas break during my sophomore year of college, I finally came out to her.

We had been hanging out all day, baking and talking…her parents weren’t home, so we had the whole place to ourselves.  We were making frosted ginger cookies and she playfully forced my finger into the bowl of icing.  After staring at her in shock, I held my frosted index finger up to her and said “You made this mess…now you have to clean it up…”  I was expecting her to wipe it off with the rag sitting next to her on the counter, but instead she grabbed my hand, put my finger in her mouth and sucked the frosting off.  I can’t imagine what my face looked like, but I’m sure it was full of awe and shock.  She didn’t really seem to notice…then I took a frosted cookie and smeared it on her jaw.  She froze open mouthed and looked at me with her enchanting eyes.

“Are you going to take care of this?” she asked, pointing at the frosted line of her jaw.  I stepped closer to her and held her chin in my hand, then proceeded to slowly lick the frosting from her face.  I stepped back and looked into her eyes as her face turned a shocking scarlet.  It became a war.  For an hour we frosted and licked each other—always playful and innocent.  Then, when the cookies were finished, I turned to walk out of the kitchen and up to her room, but she blocked the exit—forcing her arms and feet against the panels of the doorway, making an “X” with her body.  I asked if I could slip by and she told me that I could only if I gave her the password…

I started spewing out word after word…phrase after phrase, but apparently I never guessed right. Annoyed, I decided to force my way through her.  I pushed and pulled, but as it turns out, she is a lot stronger than she looks.  I then wrapped my arms around her chest in a friendly hug, but after realizing that there was no way she was going to hug me back and let me through, I turned my head into her neck and bit her.  It worked.  Weather by shock or disgust, she fell backwards and I was able to pass through the doorway and run up to her room.

She followed me up and we sprawled on her bed and continued talking…mostly about college.  All day I had been pushing her to apply for the college I was attending.  She just kept saying “You’re the one that left me…why should I follow you…” and I would give her reason after reason…but in her room, when she asked me again I simply stated, “Because I love you.”  Now she and I have been the best of friends for so long, so it was never odd for us to say that we loved each other.  This time however, I meant it in a different context, so when she said “I love you too” all I could say is “it’s different with me.”

We didn’t get to delve much deeper than that because her brother knocked on the door, informing us that he and her parents were home.  I stayed for a little while longer, and then I left.

On the second day back to school from the break, Emily gave me a call…We talked about this and that, just like we always did and then she said that she wanted me to tell her something and she wanted me to be honest…

“I’m always honest with you,” I replied, “Just ask me.”

“Are you a lesbian?”

“No...I’m straight…I just like girls.”

“So your bisexual?”

“I wouldn’t call myself that…It’s weird…why do you wanna know?” I asked, feeling slightly flustered.  Then to even things up I asked, “Are you?”

There was a pause on the other end, and then…”I don’t know”

“Well are you attracted to girls?”

“Yeah, but I’m attracted to guys too.  It’s hard to say since I have never been with either.”

“Yeah, that poses a problem…well have you ever had a crush on a girl the way that you have had a crush on a guy?”

“Just one.” She replied shakily.

At this point I was starting to get excited and nervous.  “Do I know her?” I asked, trying to keep my cool.

“Actually…it’s you…”

I held my breath for what seemed like a whole minute, so excited I could have screamed.  I had almost forgot that I was still on the phone when Emily’s voice came through again from the other end.

“Mina?...Say something…”

“How long have you felt this way?”

“Almost four years…”

“Why didn’t you say anything?”

“I was afraid…but after you were here this last time, I just figured ‘what the hell’”

“Emily…there are so many things I want to say right now…”

“It’s okay Mina.  You don’t have to say anything, I have to go anyways, but are you still willing to let me stay with you if I come up to check out the school?”

“Yeah of coarse! You are more than welcome to stay here any time.”

“Okay, well I will talk to you later then…”

She hung up and we didn’t talk for a while.  After a few weeks, she sent me an email saying that she would be coming to visit and see the school in a month.

The day I went to pick her up at the airport I couldn’t keep calm. My body and mind were screaming.  I was going to see Emily in less than an hour!  When I got to the airport I couldn’t sit still…so I paced in the baggage claim, waiting for her to let me know that that the plane had landed.  The cell in my pant pocked began to buzz.  She was here.  I can’t say why, but I didn’t want her to see me at first, so I hid behind a pillar.  I watched as she walked down the moving escalator and onto the crowded floor, she was looking for me, but I didn’t come out from my hiding place.  Then when her back was turned the other way I ran up behind her, cupped my hand around her perfect ass and squeezed.  She turned around and her shocked face turned into a blushing smile.  I pulled her into my arms and held her tight against my body, reveling in the feel and smell of her.

Needless to say I couldn’t hold her forever.  I let her go and we made our way back to my car.  We talked the entire ride home…about school, work, her new lip piercing (which was so incredibly sexy), my new tattoo, everything…accept the conversation that we had had a month earlier.

That first night I fell asleep looking at her, stroking her forearm, content to just touch and see her.  I wanted to kiss her and taste her so bad, but it was too soon.  The next morning she woke up when I held her hand to my face and brushed my lips against it.  She didn’t pull away, but watched as I nuzzled her, then as if nothing was happening she started talking to me.  We went over our schedule, and all in all the day seemed to play out normally.

On the third night of her stay, we settled down on the couch and started watching movies.  She was leaning against me, and I couldn’t stop looking at her.  A few times she looked over and caught me staring.

“What?” she would ask, and I would just smile and tell her to watch the movie.  When I got up to change the movies out, she left to use the restroom.   My heart was pounding.  I wanted to kiss her so bad, but I knew that she had never been kissed and I was afraid that she wouldn’t like it.  I couldn’t expect her to make the first move though because I knew she was more nervous than I.

“So what are we watching next?” she asked, stepping out of the bathroom.

“What do you want to watch?” I asked turning from my crouched position in front of the TV.

“It doesn’t matter…we have a whole list to go through” I couldn’t take my eyes off her.  After quickly putting the new DVD into the TV I got up and went to stand just in front of her.  “So what are we watching?”

I placed my hand on her cheek, cradling her jaw, and leaned in…When my lips closed over hers I thought my heart was going to break through my chest.  She was so soft and sweet.  It must have only been a second, but it seemed like that kiss lasted forever.   I then pulled away to look at her blushing face, and felt the color rise in mine.  “It’s a surprise.” I stated and took my place on the couch.   She came and sat next to me, curling up and leaning on me.   I put my arm around her, holding her close.  I didn’t watch any of that second movie that I put in…truth be told I don’t even remember what it was.  I do remember that Emily tasted like peppermint and cloves.  I remember the way her hand felt when she reached out and took mine from my lap.  I remember her smell being exotic and mouth watering, and I remember the wet feeling between my legs after that kiss.

The following evening I took Emily out to dinner at a fancy restaurant, and then to a movie.  In the darkness of the theatre I put my hand on her knee and rubbed my nails slowly along the inside of her leg.  I could tell she was enjoying it because she slid down farther on the seat and spread her legs wider.  I traced my nails along the seam of her pants all the way up and lightly stroked the crotch of them.  She started breathing heavily, and I became a little worried that the other people in the theatre would hear her and know what was going on, so I decided to stop.  As I pulled my hand away however, she caught it and pressed it between her legs, grinding on it.  When she started to moan I pulled my hand away hard then took her chin in my hand and kissed her, allowing my tongue to slide between her lips and mingle with hers.  “Wait” I whispered, “just wait.”  She did, but I can’t say she was happy about it.

I held her hand for the rest of the movie, and when we got out of the theatre neither one of us said anything.  The car ride home was in tense silence, and when we got home it took everything to keep control long enough to unlock and open the door to my apartment.  After letting her through and locking the door behind me, I turned around and kissed her.  I ran my fingers into her hair and grabbed a handful while my tongue danced with hers. I then slowed down and allowed my fingers to trace along either side of her spine down to the small of her back.  I kissed her lightly on her lips, and when I grabbed her ass and pulled her against me I put her lip ring between my lips and sucked hard.  She moaned and I felt a rush flow through me.  Cupping her ass, I hoisted her onto my pelvis.  She wrapped her legs around me and I walked her from the hall to my room, gently laying her on my bed.

She held her arms over her head so I could slide her shirt off.  She hadn’t been wearing a bra and her small pink nipples were standing erect from her sweet tits.  Placing my hand over one and twisting the nipple lightly I leaned down and kissed her, slowly making my way down her jaw and her neck, he collarbone, and finally to her hard little nipps.  I kissed it and licked it, flicking it with my tongue then I let my teeth squeeze it and she moaned loud, raising her hands to clutch my hair.  I then licked between the valley of her chest and to her other nipple.  Again I sucked and bit.  Her breathing was getting harder and I pulled back to look at her beautiful body.  It was so perfect.  I put my arms on either side of her and leaned in for a kiss.  She obliged me, sliding her hands up the back of my shirt and pulling it off.  She sucked on my tongue as she undid my bra and slid it down my arms.  Pulling me forward, she let my nipple slip into her mouth and she began to suck hard.  I moaned loud and my body shuddered.  I looked down then between my tits and saw her hand make its way under her pants.

I pulled my nipple out of her mouth and kissed her, then I made my way once again down her body, pausing to suck on her hard nipples, and going farther down, licking her belly button.  When I got to the edge of her pants I felt her sick in and hold her breath.  I unbuttoned them and slid them off of her.  There as a wet spot on her white cotton panties.  I bent down and licked it. As soon as I did she let out the breath she was holding in a loud moan.  I pulled her underwear off and looked at her sweet, wet pussy.  She had it trimmed but there was still a fair amount of dark curly hair though.  Through it I could see her tiny pink slit, wet and waiting.  I leaned down and kissed her, running my hand down the curve of her body to the small patch of hair between her legs.  I spread her nether lips and touched her, stroking the wet center.  Biting her lip, I slid my middle finger into her dripping pussy.  She was so tight and so wet, I was almost afraid that I was hurting her, but she never told me to stop. I leaned back from her then and watched my finger slide in and out of her.  I pulled it out and licked her wet juice from my finger.  I spit on my middle and index finger and centered them at the entrance of her hole, then I started to slide them in.  It was much harder and tighter with two fingers, and when she winced in pain I immediately pulled back.

“No, its okay…do it” she whispered. I didn’t want to hurt her though, so I slid one finger back inside of her.  I wanted to feel that pressure though.  I wanted to feel the tightness of her on my fingers.  Again I placed the pair at the center of her hole.  I leaned down and kissed her again, hard and ravenous, biting and sucking on her lips, and as she moaned I shoved my fingers inside of her.  It was so wet that they slid in without catching, but it was tight and the pressure on my fingers was incredible.  She arched her back and then raised her hips, hiving me better access.  I rammed my fingers in and out of her pussy hard and fast, turned on by her little cries of pleasure and pain.  I then lowered myself and spread her lips with my other hand, so I could get a better view of my fingers sliding in and out of her.  And when her swollen little clit peeked out from under its hood, I couldn’t help myself.  I dropped my head down and began to suck it.  At this, Emily screamed…

“FUCK!” she grabbed the back of my head and pressed it to her.  I flicked my tongue over her clit and even pinched it with my teeth a little.  She just kept screaming.  I then broke through her hands and watched her buck as I rammed my fingers in her harder and faster. With my free hand I played with her clit, pinching it and slapping it and rubbing it hard.

“Yeah yeah yeah yeah” she cried, raising her ass from the bed trying to force my fingers deeper.  With one last moaning, “Fuck” she hit her limit and warm juice squirted from her pussy, soaking my tits and neck and arms.  I kept my fingers in her as the squirting subsided, wiggling them against the spongy inside of her pussy.

Finally, feeling kind of bad for teasing her more, I pulled them out and kissed her softly.  “I’m sorry,” she gasped, short of breath.

“What for?”

“For…that” she said, looking at my chest.  I looked down and saw her cum dripping off my still hard nipples.

“For squirting?” I asked, shocked.  She nodded.  “Babe I have never seen anything so sex in my life.  I want to make you squirt.” I told her.  She turned her head away and I cupped her cheek and brought her back, then kissed her once more.  She rolled over and I scooted closer to her, wrapping my arm around her torso and holding her to me.  She pulled my hand to her breast and laid it over top, allowing me to feel the goose bumps that covered her pale flesh and made her nipples hard.  I pulled her closer and kissed her shoulder.

“I love you Emily”

“I love you too Mina” and we fell asleep.