April's Debasement
by ValerianXIII

There were snickers and whispers all through out the class. April was in a state of shock for the moment but her state of undress rapidly began to sink in.

She held her legs together as best she could hoping the desk would conceal most her crotch. With both hands she crossed them across her chest hiding her obvious lack of cleavage from the class. Her bra was padded yes and it was designed to press up a little but without a shirt on it was still pretty obvious she had really, really small breasts.

Sister Judy turned back around just in time to see her blushing pale student covering up in a total panic.

She couldn't help but smirk down at the wide eyed girl as her situation began to register. She even closed back in on her desk admiring the scene she just created. Waves of euphoria crept across her whole body but she was far from through.

"No! Sit up straight. None of that! I want good posture at all times."

With her hands still in place April complied sitting up straight but knowing this exposed the pubic hair from her crotch to some of her classmates.

"Now I want you to put both hands on top of your desk, neatly." Sister Judy instructed.

April shot a glance over at Kyle who was , like everyone else, wide eyed and fully focused on her predicament. She always had a crush on Kyle and him seeing her like this made it extra mortifying. Sister Judith caught that quick glance mentally noting it for later.

With a renewed blush and and students snickering ringing in her ears, April uncrossed her arms and placed them as instructed across her wooden desk. Many of the guys including Kyle were craning there necks to get the best view while still staying seated. Most of them couldn't see the front of her bra and they could only make out a shadowy outline of her somewhat hairy crotch underneath the desk.

When April looked the to left she could see Kyle but if she looked right then it was Sally and her goon squad smirking right back at her. There was no where she could look without a wall of leering eyes and cruel smirks.

Ms. Judith was very happy about the situation in front of her and body seemed to tingle all over now in response. Students were trying to get a peek from several angles and there really wasn't anything April could do about it.

"Now keep them on the desk until class is over with." The teacher commanded.

The almost naked trembling girl shook at her desk. Not only from nervousness but from the cold air conditioning hitting her exposed skin. Goosebumps formed but April didn't dare do anything about it.

"Okay class where were we?" Sister Judy returned to her lesson plan for now behaving as if nothing had just happened. Letting the sight of her students obvious discomfort build up more tingling feelings inside her.

Sister Judy just continued on like nothing was unusual. She read on about ancient history when the Roman empire fell and most of the world plunged into a dark age.

Time ticked along slowly. April tried to keep her focus on the teacher but she could feel eyes from all around her as they continued to stare. April felt her cheeks burning with shame as she tried to ignore her classmates.

They probably weren't paying to much to the fall of the empire and more at her humiliating circumstances. There seemed to be a constant whisper or a muffled laugh but April tried to just block it out. She only wished for this nightmare to end.

But things would only get worse. "Class I need you to open your history book to chapter four and we are going to read about the dark ages."

April was at first relieved believing this would take some of the focus of of her semi-nude state. She opened her desk like she had done so many times before just like everyone else was.

But soon to her already compounding distress the book wasn't where she left it. After shifting everything around she realized it wasn't in there at all. She couldn't of lost it because it was just here only a few hours ago. She tried to minimize her rifling through the drawer trying not to raise suspicions as she was already being watched like a hawk from every direction.

She paniciked inside a little doing her best not to show it. "Where is it?!!" She screamed in her mind biting her lip at the same time. Little did she know that while she was in the dark room and the teachers back was turned one of Sally's friends took it and hid it in the back.

"Oh no!" April whispered hoping nobody heard. So without really thinking she pulled out her math book from earlier thinking maybe no one would notice.

That idea didn't last very long though.

"April that is not your history book. Did you not hear or are you trying to be defiant once again?"

"Uhh.. I can't find it..." She stuttered.

Sister Judy had some idea Sally had something to do with it's disappearance but she pretended not to know.

"Well where is it? Did it grow legs and walk away?"

April made brief eye contact with the smirking Sally. At that moment she knew her blonde nemesis had something to do with it. "I think someone stole it."
But Sister Judith wasn't hearing it. "Another fib, another lie. Your not having a very good morning are you young lady?"

On the inside sister Judy was enjoying this new found excuse to continue her punishment but on the outside she looked down at April with a look of disappointment.

"So let me see if I have it right," She took a breath and continued. "You are already going through shame punishment , sitting in class almost completely naked and you actually have the nerve to pull out a math book and try to deceive me and the entire class. Then you lie about one of your classmates stealing it when you clearly lost it! Don't you think you are in enough trouble young lady?"

Sister Judith didn't bother waiting for her response. "Get up her right now young lady! "She barked.

April was frozen to her seat or at least it felt that way. The thought of standing let alone walking in front of the class was more than she could stand right now

"I said get up here right NOW !" She said loud enough that her voice cracked.
She pointed on a spot on the floor in front of her desk and April popped out of her seat in fear. She shuffled up to the front of the room one hand across her bra while the other cover her crotch. Sister Judith couldn't help notice how the slender teen preferred to cover her bra covered chest as opposed to her bare behind as she scurried up to the front of the room.

More giggling followed as the bottomless girl made her way up front. The teacher seemed to encourage their behavior as they openly pointed and laughed at their semi-naked class mate. For her this added to the effect enhancing the girls humiliation while at the same time increasing her pleasure.

April posed in front of her teacher with one hand now covering her bare butt while that same main arm was still draped across her chest. Kyle was seated in the second row just behind her and she was well aware of it.

Sister Judy studied the girl for a moment enjoying renewing humiliation.

Oh April now matter how hard I punish you, you still act like a naughty little girl" Sister Judith said while emphasizing the little part. "Looks like your punishment will have to be taken a step further. You can start by putting your hands at your sides."

To April's dismay the teacher secured each of her wrists and easily pried them apart exposingg her bare butt to the giggling class once again. She then took both hands and clasped them behind the girls head while forcing her elbows straight out to the sides.

April closed her eyes tightly wishing the ground would just swallow her up.

"Keep your eyes open wide young lady! I want you to feel every bit shame coming your way."

With her eyes back open April realized her teacher had stepped to the side and was reaching around to unhook the clasp of her bra.

April held her breath as the tension in her bra was released and the cups pulled forward. She had the girl unclasp her hands as well just long enough to pull the bra all the way off.

Sister Judith was careful not drop the bra's padded contents keeping that fact still a suprise for her eager classmates.

The teachers devilish grin only teased the class as they couldn't see what she could. April's face was crimson red and her cheeks were burning like never before.

"My you are really blushing now, aren't you? I think I've found your hot button or should I say buttons!" The teacher snickered at her own joke while her students were craning there necks to see what was going on.

"I might have to keep you like this all day, would you like that?"

April shook her head from side to side rather vigorously.

"We will have to see then. I certainly am enjoying your naked shameful condition and I believe your classmates are as well."

Several giggles could be heard behind her.

"For the time being you can stay just as you are while we continue on with are history lesson."

April had a miserable expression at the thought remaining naked for the rest of the day. Most of the boys had never seen a naked girl before so this was quite the sight to behold.

She could see the glare from a boy named Timmy's glasses who sat at the far end of the room as he tried to lean forward to see her front. Only a few weeks ago she had called him a dork in front of his friends embarrassing him.

April turned away from him slightly so he couldn't see her front but this was noticed by Sister Judy and she decided to capitalize on the moment.

"Timmy, would you like to come up to the front of the class and read aloud from your history book?"

Timmy was one of the better students in her class and this was like winning the lottery in his eyes as he stuttered.

"Y-yes Sister." He almost forgot to grab his book as walked briskly to the front of the room.

In reaction to this April unclasped her hands and went to cover her chest and crotch but Sister Judith stopped this immediately.

"April don't you dare cover! Get those hands behind your head this instant!"

Timmy looked over the naked girl still shielding her privates from his leering grin.

"Here is how this is going to work young lady. Every time you cover up I will be adding an additional thirty minutes to your naked time. So far that's a half an hour if you want we can make it a whole hour or we can make this all day and the next."

Not wanting to spend anymore time naked than she had to April slowly un cupped her chest and groin much to Timmy's delight.

The sight before him got his heart racing although he was quite surprised at what he saw. Her dark bush was thick and full yes but it what was up top that really shocked him.

Timmy had always thought April was one of the bustier girls in class and always wondered how her big breasts looked on her thin frame.

That wasn't the case at all as he stared at her bare chest in bewilderment. Just two quarter sized dark brown areoala with a golf ball sized swell behind each nipple.

Certainly not the proud chest of a high school senior. More like she had just started puberty one day and then suddenly stopped.

It was her deepest most humiliating secret. Up until this point nobody had seen her bare breasts.

Timmy actually had to stop himself from laughing as April's red face was a mix of horror and humiliation.

"Are you going to be able to read for us Tim?" The teacher asked trying not to laugh either.

"Y-yes sister it's just...what happended to..her..her boobs?" he said sounding comically hoarse . The question brought out a roar of laughter from the class who still didn't know exactly what he was talking about.

April fought the urge to cover reveling in shame as he actually laughed at her nude form.

"April it seems your..bare chest.. is distracting Timmy a bit. Perhaps you can turn away and face the class so he won't be preoccupied."

April shook her head no with her face flushing beet red at the comments.

"That wasn't a question April. Turn around right now!"

April braced herself as she did a slow about face toward her classmates. but as she turned the urge to cover was too great and she found herself covering up again before she faced them.

"April! I said no covering up young lady!" Her teacher yelled

April didn't know what to say. "Turn and face me when I'm talking to you, young lady!"

April turned to face her teacher once again.

"Another thirty minutes of naked humiliation time has been added. Now put you hands back behind your head right now!"

April did so slowly revealing her self to the grinning nerdy boy who looked over her naked front freely once again. His eyes were glued in facination to her bare nearly flattened chest as her arm positions revealed it so fully.

"Now repeat after me girl." Her teacher instructed.
"I will keep my naughty hands away from my little boobies." The class roared with laughter at this.

"I will keep my hands away from my boobies." The girl repeated somehow hoping she wouldn't notice her changes.

"No April that isn't what I said say it word for word."

"I-I I will keep my naughty hands away from my.. my little boobies." The class laughed even harder when she said it.

That's right April now say it loud enough so everyone could hear.

"I will keep my naughty hands away from my little boobies!!"

"Great ! Now I want you to go up to the blackboard and write that fifteen times while keeping your free hand on top of your head.

April did as she was told flushing red with shame the whole time.

She could feel the stares and hear the snickers as everyone got to ogle her naked bottom while she wrote the embarrassing sentence over and over.

Timmy was sent back to his seat and Sister Ruth was enjoying a silent bliss while the humiliated girl did her bidding. She couldn't believe just how perfect this girl was as a victim to her debauchery. Since the first day Sister Judith laid eyes on April she had the desire to humiliate the snotty girl.

April was so pretty all dressed up an her ego was a bit much. Sister Judith always pretended not to pay attention to the social lives of her students. April was lusted after by all the guys while being despised by many girls. Secretly she always kept an eye on the slender girl biding her time until the moment was right.

As the naked girl wrote "little boobies" for the last time Sister Judith pondered her next move.

She signaled the girl to walk back over to her and it was quite the spectacle to watch the naked teen walk backwards while keeping her hands away from her body.

"Both hands on your head now, elbows out all the way. Stand up straight young lady."

She did so stretching her body to it's fullest while still keeping her bare front away from the class.

Sister Judith looked the red faced teen up and own with delight. Looking over the girls front while the class, besides Timmy, still had not seen it.

Sister Judith kept cool on the outside but inwardly she was burning up.

"You must show the class your front, don't you think so?"

April was breathing harder as her anxiety grew.

"Now just like you are hands behind your head. Turn around and show your classmates what you have been hiding............"




Sister Judith was far from finished as she soaked in the humiliated teens misery. She was ready to make the next move.

"Now just like you are hands behind your head. Turn around and show your classmates what you have been hiding."

April's eye's went wide and she tried pleading one last time.

"Please Sister..I..can't..!"

But Sister Judith wasn't having it. "You can and you will young lady and if you even dare lower your arms
again I will add an hour to your naked punishment time right after I spank you...dressed just as you are in front of the entire class!!"

April didn't like the sound of that at all. It was a losing situation either way. Her friends enemies even Kyle were going to see her naked front one way or the other.

Closing her eyes tightly April slowly dreadfully did an about face. It was like her arms were on auto pilot as they went to cover her private parts once again. She opened her eyes almost surprised she had covered up again against her teachers wishes.

Sister Judith sighed in disappointment although secretly she was thrilled the naked girl had given her more of an excuse to further her punishment.

The teacher stood in front of the naked covering April blocking the classes view for the moment.

She took hold of April's left wrist that was blocking her bushy crotch pried it away and placed it behind her head. She did the same with her right arm uncovering her chest.

She made sure April had interlocked her fingers savoring the moment. "Open your eye's right now young lady!!"

The moment she opened them the smirking teacher stepped out of the way. She kept her eyes on April's hands making sure they stayed in place as she pivoted out of the way.

It was April's nightmare come true as she looked out at the class full of familiar faces. It was almost a deafening silence for what felt like an eternity. The class stared in shock an awe at her naked front.
Everything seemed to slow down and the air felt ice cold on her swelling nipples and bare chest.

She went to try and cover again but Sister Judith held her wrists in place.

"Eye's open and don't you dare move your arms!" Sister Judith demanded.

April just stared forward in absolute horror as her classmates freely examined her nude front.

"What happened to her boobs?!" Jeff, Kyles best friend asked in genuine surprise.

This turned the deafening silence turned into snickering and in only a few seconds turned into roaring laughter.

Red faced and ashamed April could only endure being laughed at and mocked openly by the class. Sister Judith did nothing to silence them as they ridiculed the naked teen.

Secretly the teacher was barely able to contain herself holding back an incoming orgasm by biting her lip painfully.

The scene in front of her was almost too much but at the same time the older woman wanted more.

She took a moment while the class had their fun to cool down a bit while thinking about what could be next.

After a few minutes Sister Judith got her self back under control just as the class was settling down.

She decided to incorporate the the current situation into a learning moment as well.

"You know Timmy had a great question earlier about April's breasts. While we have a live model in front of us I think we can use this opportunity to learn about the female anatomy."

Sister Judy brought out the twelve inch high "Naughty Stool" that April had known so well.

"Step up here girl. So we can all get a better look at you."

Miserable and red-faced the already tall teen girl stepped up giving the class an unobstructed view of her naked form.

Her dark pubic bush was just above eye level for most of the class.

Sister Judy grabbed a wooden pointer from the chalk board and then stood next to the humiliated nude girl.

Taking the pointer she brought it up to the girls bare chest.

"Class this is where the breasts would usually form." She made circular motions around each nipple.

"As you can see April is totally lacking any kind of breasts a mature woman or even a typical high school senior would normally possesses. Instead she is left with these prepubescent mounds that obviously are the source of much embarrassment her."

Girls and boys alike were snickering at the pretty teens downfall.

Sally raised her hand with a big grin plastered across her pretty face.

"Yes Sally. What's your question?"

"How come when she has her clothes on, her boobs.. I mean breasts looked so much bigger?"

Even in this state April wanted to slap the smug blonde right here and now

"That's a very good question Sally. You see some women or girls like April, have to stuff their bras with foam inserts like these." The teacher held up the bra taking the inserts out and putting them back in.

Sally raised her hand again playing the innocent one.
"But why would she do that to her bra Sister Judy. What's the point?"

"Another excellent question Sally. She wears them because she is ashamed of her natural form and she believes boys will find her more alluring if she is enhanced in this way."

Then Sister Judy did something unexpected. She took the bra inserts and all and handed them to the desk in front her to study for a while and then pass along.

Before long the whole class including Sally, Timmy and even Kyle got an up close and personal feel of her padded bra as they passed it around like it was show and tell.

Sally raised her hand once again. "Do you think April will ever grow breasts like we have Sister?" She said so thrusting her chest forward emphasizing it.

"No I don't think so Sally, at this point April has stopped growing, for the most part and will only have those tiny breasts for the rest of her life."

April grimaced at her teachers words knowing what she said was probably true.

She brought the pointer suddenly down to April's dark bush making the girl flinch.

As you can see her pubic area has certainly filled out indicating she is at peak maturity. But Yes I'm afraid the rest April's body will never fully mature into that of a grown woman's.

April was just overcome with shame as her rival and teacher discussed her nude body in front of the class. Her face was blushing bright red and even her bare chest flushed with a pink hue.

Although she was being deeply humiliated the small brown nipples that capped April's small white mounds like Hershey kisses slowly began to stand at attention.

Sally of course brought it to the classes attention right away. "Sister Judith her nipples are getting hard ! I think she's horny!" This brought about more laughter from the class and April's nipples only hardened more.

Sister Judith took notice. "Yes her over active libido is what got her in this mess to begin with. I sincerely doubt she will be wanting to expose her underwear anytime soon. But the way her nipples are reacting indicates to me she hasn't fully learned her lesson."

Sister Judith walked back over to her desk confident April would maintain her position while she rifled through her drawers.

"Recess will begin shortly and in my opinion she should have to go out dressed just like she is, unfortunately school policy will not allow it.

"Since the shameful dress part of her punishment is over I thought of something else she might wear."
Sister Judith kept looking, getting frustrated for a moment until her face filled with glee. "Yes I found it!" Sister Judith held something or somethings in her hand, April's back was turned so she couldn't see but the class roared with laughter..…



"Since the shameful dress part of her punishment is over and she through her uniform out the window. I thought of something else she could wear."

April was just relieved to get some kind of clothes back on still frozen in utter shock and horror naked with her hands locked behind her head.

Since sister Judith was preoccupied April closed her eyes trying to block out the nightmare in front of her.

Even still she could feel every set of eyes and smirks as they studied her nude front from their desks.

She could not block out the constant whispers and the laughter that followed though.

Here she was naked and in all her glory for her classmates to judge and there was only laughter.

Sally had gotten her good this time for sure April thought briefly. The two girls had a rather heated rivalry since their elementary years. Constantly stealing each others boyfriends and trying to get one another in trouble.

Last year April had told their teacher then that Sally had been kissing a guy in the boys bathroom, a guy that of course April liked.

Well their teacher at the time, Sister Margaret caught Sally red handed. Sally ended up getting spanked bare bottom in front of the entire class.

April smirked at first when Sister Margaret unfastened the skirt of a standing Sally. Sally wore her lacey red Victoria secret panties underneath eliciting an ohhh sound from the class. Sister Margaret was only planning to spank her on her undies but now those would have to come down as well.

April's smirk actually faded when Sally's red panties first descended. Although Sally was pissed off and actually quite humiliated at the time she really had no reason to be. You see the class leaned something about Sally that day. Sally must have tanned in the nude already because her bottom was just as tan as the rest of her body. Not only that but she also had the nicest most perfect round bottom anyone had ever seen. Although she was spanked ten times and had to spend the rest of the day without underwear Sally became more popular in the long run.

Everyone knew she had the nicest butt in school to go along with her rather full chest. Sally still held a grudge though, swearing to get April back times a hundred worse. April had heard her say that a bunch times sure but up until now she didn't believe it as she stood naked before the class.



Sister Judith kept rifling through her drawers, getting frustrated for a moment until her face filled with glee.

"Yes I found it!" Sister Judith held a school uniform in her hand, April's back was turned so she couldn't see but the class roared with laughter. It wasn't just any uniform but an elementary girls uniform. Those uniforms were hated even by the elementary school girls. Everyone knew what it was immediately already imaging it on April's lanky frame. Along with the standard black Mary Jane shoes and frilly white knee high socks.

Sister Judith patted her desk instructing the naked girl to sit on it. The slender nude teen awkwardly walked over to her teachers desk and sat on it resisting the urge to cover up. Sister Judith got to work dressing the girl starting with her socks. She brought each one up her long thin legs one at a time while April stared forward trying to disconnect herself from the the situation. The shoes were actually a much bigger size and fit April's feet perfectly. Once the shoes were buckled sister Judith had April hop down. In only her socks and Mary Janes Sister Judith paraded April back and forth before the class.

The tingle in Sister Judith's spine began to build up again as she marched the humiliated naked girl before the laughing class one last time before getting her dressed. She started with the skirt purposely leaving April bare breasted for as long as possible. The short skirt was meant for a girl nearly half her height and left her bare cheeks and dark pubes still fully exposed for the time being. The thought of deliberately exposing April's nude form was driving Sister Judith crazy.

The mortified expression and blushing cheeks of the naked girl only encouraged Sister Judith's madness. She even made her hold her arms up in the air for an extra long time before she button up the white collared shirt that barely reached the bottom of her ribs. Followed by a vest that only flattened what little chest she had. She looked quite ridiculous with her bare midriff and lower privates exposed. That's when Sister Judith brought out the last article of clothing.

It was a pink ruffled full cut underwear. As Sister Judith worked them up her long skinny legs pulling them up past her belly button snapping them into place. This brought about a new round of laughter. As the novelty of April's nude form was starting to wear off, the sight of her in the old schoolgirl uniform with the fully exposed frilly pink panties brought about renewed interest. Especially considering they were going to have to go outside in front of the whole school in just a few minutes.

Sally took one hand when another girl Beth who used to be April's friend took the other. The two grinning girls lead April outside ...…



Word had spread quickly about April's punishment and a small crowd was already waiting. With April in the middle the the two grinning girls easily pulled her out into the daylight. She was blushing profusely not wanting to make eye contact with her laughing schoolmates as she was pulled forward. She was quite the comical sight with her tall lanky frame awkwardly fitted into the small shirt with her slim belly exposed.

The short skirt did nothing to hide her ridiculous ruffled panties. April just wished the ground would swallow her up as she stared down in misery. Sally knew teachers weren't interfering at this point as they were no where to be found. Guys and girls alike were asking questions from April's classmates and they happily described her humiliations at the hands of Sister Judith. They all had similar reactions wishing they had seen it go down with there own eyes. Sally offered them a sneak peek and they all formed a semi circle around the three girls. Even the boy, Jonathan, whom she had flashed her panties to before was there front and center.

April had no idea what was going on as the smirking Sally took a seat facing her audience. Everyone quieted down as Sally patted her lap motioning for April to lay over it. April shot her look of pure disgust. "No way!" April said and started to walk away. Her old friend Beth grabbed her wrist tightly began to whisper something in her ear. "It's either this or we pull off your uniform and march you around in just your silly panties."

April still was pulling away unconvinced. Beth wasn't having it and pulled the slender girl back to her easily. "No one is going to stop us." Beth gestured toward the upstairs window where Sister Judith and a few other teachers were watching down at them with big grins. The same could be said about the group of her classmates that had gathered around. "Look Sally really wanted to strip you but I convinced her to do this instead, at least for now." April wanted to run away as far as se could but she doubted the crowd would let her by and Sally or Beth could easily catch her. By the look in Sally's deep blue eyes she knew the girl was serious. There was no way out and the thought of being paraded topless in front of the whole school was just too much.

While April was distracted Beth shoved the thinner girl into Sally who used her moment to pull her over her lap. Sally took her time adjusting the struggling skinny girls body until she was positioned just right across her legs. In this position April's skirt did nothing to cover her rather poufy ruffled panties. Her thin legs were bare and the pale skin all the way up the very bottom of her slender cheeks were exposed. Sally waisted no time as recess went by quickly. She happily delivered several stinging swats to April's lower bottom and upper thighs while the slender brunette yelped in pain. Her audience felt no pity only laughter as the skinny girl winced and yelped. Sally had Jonathan come forward and get front and center.

"Hey Jonnie have ever seen girls bare butt before?" April flinched suddenly at that remark but Sally applied pressure to the small of her back keeping her from getting up. Jonnie felt his heart stop for just a second before it began beating harder in his chest. He always had such a crush on April. He couldn't believe it when she gave him a peek at her panties the other day. It was the greatest day of his life up until now. He often thought about what April might look like naked. He was most off all obsessed with those impossibly big breasts on her thin frame. But he was certainly thrilled to get a glimpse at April's bare bottom.

" Don't you dare!" April said looking back over her shoulder with clenched teeth. Sally was unmoved easily holding down her thin rival across her very toned legs. She had a tight grip on her wrist as well it holding against her back as she struggled. Sally's big grin grew wider as she toyed with the hem of April's panties. Pulling and snapping the waistband, teasing both her and Jonny at the same time. She would expose the top of April's crack before pulling the panties back up, higher and higher each time. Until finally once April was sure they were coming down, Sally did the exact opposite, yanking the frilly pair halfway up April's back. Her soft white cheeks came though the frilly leg holes while the rest of the material was wedged painfully up her crack.

"You bitch!!" April yelled out from the sudden pain and continuing discomfort from her wedgied underwear. "Bitch huh?! We'll see who's the bitch! that's it this has got to go then!" Sally unsnapped April's childish skirt, whipping it right off her hips. April tried to kick and wiggle free but it did her no good as she was deskirted with ease.

Sally delivered a few more spanks to the skinny brunettes now bare cheeks when the bell rang. Sally pushed the girl off her lap quickly, even Sally didn't dare be late especially in Sister Judith class. April in just her small school vest and wedgied panties looked around frantically for her skirt. She groaned when she found them hanging just out of reach from a near by tree branch. Sally and the others took one last look as a distressed April struggled between picking her wedgie and jumping to retrieve her hanging skirt.

Back in Sister Judith's class everyone besides April had made it back in time. They all had been seated for a good five minutes already before April finally hurried in, disheveled and breathing heavy. Her skirt was back into place as were her panties. She took her seat as calmly as possible knowing she was several minutes late.

To her relief Sister Judith just ignored her and continued on with her lesson. Maybe the teacher felt pity for her and decided enough was enough for one day. She just about thought Sister Judith was going to let her slide when nearly ten minutes in to her lesson she stopped. "April you're late ! And why aren't you naked?! Come to the front of the class NOW!!"



To April's relief Sister Judith just ignored her and continued on with the lesson plan.

She thought the teacher might of felt some pity for her and decided enough was enough for one day.

She was just about certain Sister Judith was going to let her slide when nearly ten minutes in to her lesson she suddenly stopped.

"April... you're late!"

"And.... why aren't you naked?!"


Come to the front of the class...RIGHT NOW!!"

April kept her head down low as she slowly made her way to the front of the class.
She could already hear excitement and whispers all around her.

Sister Judy used took this time to reposition her 'Naughty Stool' in front of her desk and centered it before the class.

April gave her teacher one last pleading look only to be met with a cruel grin as she gestured toward the wooden stool.

She stepped up on it reluctantly and faced her now grinning classmates like she was told.

Sister Judith began scolding the teen as she slowly undressed her.

"First of all I told you, absolutely no covering up and now here you are, fully covered."

Sister Judith unsnapped the short skirt before abruptly whipping it away from her slender hips leaving her frilly bloomers fully exposed.

"Then you come back to my classroom, thirty minutes late!" She says while unbuttoning the girls collared school shirt.

April wanted to mention she wasn't nearly that late but quickly decided against it.


"Arms up!" April reluctantly complied with the humiliating command as her teacher slowly peeled the short uniform top up her torso.

Once again April felt the cold air against her swelling dark nipples. They looked Like marshmallows with a Hershey kiss on each.

She was met with several sets of wide eyes and big grins as her very small breasts were bared for the second time today.

She closed her eyes tight but the teacher wasn't having it. "Oh no, eye's wide open young lady. I want you to practice making eye contact with all your classmates."

April did just so as she stared at the grinning faces of some of her peers.

Here she was one of the hottest girls in school, naked from the waist up, and they were laughing.

Even Timmy was laughing at her. Instead of his usual creepy stare he had an amused grin.

Her cheeks flushed red and a wave of shame surged through her body.

She looked away and briefly caught sight of Kyle. He seemed to be amused as well as if he were watching a comedy show instead ogling a beautiful naked woman.

Sister Judith was still scolding the girl. "To top it all off when I tell you come to front of the class you defy me once again by taking your sweet time."


Sister Judith punctuated the word time by suddenly yanking Aprils pink bloomers down to her ankles exposing the dark curly pubic patch between her legs.

This sudden act brought out some more laughter and increased shame as April awkwardly stepped out of each leg hole one foot at a time.

The same was done with her shoes and socks giving the class a flash of her pink lips each time she brought up her long and skinny legs.

"Not so defiant with your bare little breasts out for everyone to see are you?" Sister Judith asked while berating the now fully nude teen.


Maybe you can teach the class, just like this, naked as the day you were born! "

"Would you like that ?!"

April shook her head with a quick no.

"Stick out both of yours hands." April complied, back on auto pilot and her teacher placed one of her rather thick foam pads from her bra placing one in each hand.

"Now hold them up high, high and proud above your head. April was beyond mortified as she held her own falsies above her head stretching her already small breasts flat.

Just two dark brown areola against a flattened white chest remained as April miserably stared into the sea of smirking classmates.

Sister Judith almost lost it from the scene she had created in front of her. She nearly had an intense orgasm in front of the whole class.

Humiliating this girl was exactly what she was craving but at the same time it still wasn't enough. She had no idea what she would do next or how far she would take it.

Sister Judith decided to carry on with her lesson plan for now and act as if the naked teen wasn't even there. She would try to cool down a little while she thought about what was next for the nude girl.…




