Rating: NC-17

Paring: Qui-Gon/Obi-Wan

Summary: Coming home can offer both challenges and rewards.

Disclaimers: These two gorgeous men and all things Star Wars
belong to King George and as much as I would like it to be
other wise, I am only borrowing them for playtime. I am
making no money from this and even if I did it could never
come close to what I have spent on Star Wars toys over the
years.

Warnings and authors notes: The story contains some fully
consensual, mild play with sex toys and the logical result.
If that makes anyone uncomfortable, please hit the delete key
now. Thanks as always to my wonderful beta/editor Monalee for
all her help and support. Also thanks to Master Ruth for the
inspiration--it was a great challenge. Feedback is coveted
like 12" Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan dolls. Either onlist or off at
kiowkqgj@yahoo.com

*************

The flight from their recently completed mission on Antar
Four to Obi-Wan's home world of Ralltiir had taken only about
five hours. As the pilot waited for clearance to land at the
Grallia spaceport, Qui-Gon approached his meditating
apprentice. "Obi-Wan," he called as he placed a comforting
hand on the younger man's shoulder. "We are waiting for
landing instructions."

Opening his eyes to look into his Master's compassionate blue
ones, Obi-Wan took a calming breath and rose to his feet.
"Thank you, Master. My meditation has left me feeling more
centered and prepared to face the reunion."

A flash of pain went through Qui-Gon as he watched the most
important person in his life try to hide his apprehension and
dread. "Are you sure that you wouldn't rather go alone,
Obi-Wan? Present your sister into the social strata and visit
with your family and friends without having my presence
creating tension for everyone."

"No," Obi-Wan said firmly as he placed his hand gently on his
lover's cheek. "I will tell you exactly what I told my mother
during the eight holonet calls that I've had with her over
the past three tens. You are my bondmate and I will not
attend any family functions unless you are welcome there as
well. If they cannot accept your place in my life then I do
not want to have any contact with them."

"They are your family, Obi-Wan, and you should be part of
their lives as much as possible." Qui-Gon said as he covered
the hand on his face with his larger one. "Your sister would
be devastated if you were not the one to present her. She
shouldn't suffer because of your mother's unwillingness to
give up her archaic viewpoints."

"Adiana and I spoke about this at length before mother
finally agreed to my stipulation," Obi-Wan explained. "She
knew that I would not come without you and as much as she
would have been disappointed, she would have understood." He
moved closer until only a small cushion of air separated
their lips. "They may be my blood but you are my family,
Qui-Gon Jinn, the only family that I could ever want or
need."

"Master Jinn, we have been given clearance to land, " a voice
came over the speaker. "We will be in the hangar
momentarily."

"Perfect timing, Master," Obi-Wan replied with a smirk. "Now
let's get our bags and get ready to disembark. There are a
couple of night spots I want to show you while we're here."

Qui-Gon's only reply was a knowing smile as he slung his bag
over his shoulder and headed for the landing ramp. The pilot
walked out to meet them as soon as the repulsor lifts shut
down and ship settled gently onto the bay floor. "It will
take me about four days to pick up Knight Hunorel on Eriadu
and get back here. I'll contact you when I'm a half day
away."

"We'll be ready when you return," Obi-Wan replied then turned
back down the ramp. "Now, Master, we have a vacation to
start."

A driver was waiting for the two Jedi as they reached the
bottom of the ramp. "Jedi Kenobi?" When Obi-Wan nodded the
man continued, "I'm to transport you to the family compound."

"There seems to be some confusion, Ser," Obi-Wan explained.
"We will be residing at the Grallia Hostelry not the compound
during our visit. Now if you would like to provide transport
for us to the hostelry, we would be most appreciative."

"But Lady Kenobi instructed that I was to collect you from
the spaceport and bring you directly to the compound," the
flustered man countered.

Qui-Gon could feel Obi-Wan fighting his frustration over his
mother's latest manipulation so he addressed the driver. "If
you would be willing to take us to the hostelry and wait
while we drop off our baggage and secure our room, then you
could take us to the compound."

"But my instructions," the man began but stopped as Obi-Wan
walked angrily away from him.

Qui-Gon sought to mentally calm his bondmate. You knew she
wouldn't acquiesce gracefully, Padawan, so this move
shouldn't really surprise you. This will allow you to prove
how serious you are without causing a scene.

And what if I want to cause a scene, Obi-Wan pouted
mentally.

Later, in the privacy of our rooms, I'll let you cause any
type of scene you'd like. Qui-Gon hoped the teasing
comment would help to calm the younger man and was happy when
a flash of arousal accompanied the mental chuckle Obi-Wan
sent back over their bond. Turning his attention back to the
driver, he cautioned the man in his sternest negotiator's
voice. "It's either that or you can return to the compound
and inform Lady Kenobi that you failed completely in this
charge." He could see the man trying to decide whether he
should agree and he studied him intently as he wrestled with
his dilemma. The steady gaze had the desired affect as he
soon nodded.

"I will take you to the Hostelry first," the driver
acquiesced. "But if you could get settled as quickly as
possible, it would be appreciated. I would like to still be
employed tomorrow."

Knowing that his mother would not be above taking her
frustration out on their driver, Obi-Wan walked back over to
him. "We will not take very long and I will inform my mother
that I insisted that you divert there."

The men moved into the transport and within a few minutes it
was pulling in front of the Grallia Hostelry. "We will return
shortly," Obi-Wan said as he exited the vehicle.

Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan entered the lobby of the hotel and all
eyes were upon them as they walked up to the registration
desk. Even in an affluent area like the Ralltiir capitol, two
Jedi traveling were not a very common occurrence. "Good
afternoon. We have a reservation under Kenobi," Obi-Wan
informed the young woman.

Looking awestruck, the young woman input the name into her
terminal. "Yes, the Ambassador's Suite has been prepared for
you."

Staring intently at the young woman, Qui-Gon admonished
gently. "We requested a traditional double room, nothing
more."

Glancing at screen in front of her, the woman found the older
Jedi's name so she could address him personally. "The manager
upgraded the room for your comfort, Master Jinn. Please
consider it a courtesy of the Hostelry."

Knowing that his Master didn't like to take advantage of
their stature and would argue, Obi-Wan stepped forward. He
could feel the weight of his Master's gaze and ignored it
completely. "Please thank the manager for us. Now, if we
could get our key cards and directions to our room."

The young woman waved her hand and a porter appeared at the
counter. "Lia'et will take your bags and direct you to your
rooms."

Realizing that it would cause more of a delay if he argued,
Obi-Wan just nodded and held out his hand. "Thank you."

The desk attendant placed two key cards into his hand and
smiled warmly. "Please do not hesitate to let us know if
there is anything additional you require, Jedi Kenobi."

The porter led them to the lift and soon they were standing
before the door to the top floor suite. Obi-Wan slid a card
into the reader and the door opened to reveal a room more fit
for royalty than the basic needs of the Jedi. He dropped a
few dactares into the porter's palm and slid the door closed
behind the departing young man. Taking in the amenities of
the luxurious suite, he dropped his bag to the floor and
turned to his bondmate. "I think we will be able to find
plenty of comfortable places to christen during our days
here, my love." A mischievous glint shone in his eyes as he
waved a hand in the direction of the large hot tub that stood
on the enclosed balcony. "We've never made love in a hot tub
before."

Qui-Gon was sent a mental image of his young lover straddling
his lap as they sat in the large tub. He pushed back the wave
of lust that flowed through him and said softly. "Something
to look forward to later." He leaned in and kissed his lover
then his expression became more serious. "I've been thinking
that maybe I should stay here while you head over to the
compound." He held up his hand to silence his bondmate's
argument and continued. "Spend a little private time with
your mother. She deserves to have your undivided attention at
least for this first part of the visit. Then you can come
back for me and we can go to the official welcoming dinner
together."

"My mother needs to know right up front that we are a couple,
committed to each other, and that there is no possible way
she can change that," Obi-Wan said, reiterating his earlier
arguments. Apprehension flowed though him as he envisioned
the scene when he arrived at the family estate and he
shuddered. "I don't think I can face her without you at my
side."

Qui-Gon reached up and caressed a smooth cheek with the back
of his hand. "You are stronger than you give yourself credit
for, my Obi-Wan. You can do this. You need to do this." He
allowed all the confidence he felt in his padawan's abilities
to flow across the bond. "Having me stay behind may help your
mother to realize that I am not a threat to your continued
relationship with your family." Leaning forward, he pressed a
light kiss to his beloved's lips to thwart any discussion.
"Trust me on this, love. I really think it will help."

"I'm not so sure about that but I will do it, for you,"
Obi-Wan agreed reluctantly. "If it goes as badly as I expect,
it will definitely take some doing for you to make it up to
me," he huffed.

Covering his lover's lips, Qui-Gon swallowed any further
chiding words. "I will be here waiting to offer whatever
solace you may need after your visit," he whispered huskily
as he broke the passionate kiss.

With a final longing look at Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan squared his
shoulders and exited the luxurious suite. He was back outside
the hostelry in no time and he got into the transport through
the door the driver held open for him. "I am ready to go to
the estate," he declared then pulled up his hood to allow
himself the illusion of privacy. If the driver wondered about
the absence of his Master he made no comment, quick to take
the hint that he wanted no casual conversation. He dropped
into a light meditative trance during the trip, using every
calming technique he had ever learned to prepare for the
upcoming confrontation. He could almost hear a mental
reprimand in his Master's voice at his choice of wording to
describe this visit but that was how he felt. The experience
of his last family visit combined with the tone of the
conversations he had exchanged with his mother gave him
little hope that anything would be different this time.

Feeling the transport slowing down, Obi-Wan took a last
calming breath, pushed back his hood and opened his eyes. The
Kenobi compound was quickly coming into view, with its many
structures and acres of gardens, fields and orchards. The
pastoral setting was a drastic contrast to the permacrete and
steel of Ralltiir's capitol and industrial Coruscant and he
drank in the view greedily. He could see a few of his
brother's prize geldings grazing in the enclosed paddock and
hoped he would have the opportunity to take Qui-Gon riding in
the vast forests surrounding the estate.

The transport stopped in front of the entryway to the
estate's largest dwelling and Obi-Wan stepped from the
vehicle to find himself quickly enclosed in a tight hug.
"Ben, I'm so glad that you're here," Adiana said happily,
holding on as if he would disappear if she let go.

Stepping back after a few moments, Obi-Wan let his sister's
joy at his presence buoy his confidence as he assured her.
"As am I, Didi." He saw the look of dismay that floated
across her face at his use of her childhood nickname and
lamented. "Are you now so grown up that I cannot call you
Didi?"

A blush spread across her cheeks and Adiana smiled. "You can
call me anything you like, Ben. Just don't let mother hear
you." She leaned closer and put on her sternest expression.
"You are a young woman now, ready to take your place in this
family and society as an adult. Childish names have no place
in proper society."

Obi-Wan chuckled at the realistic imitation Adiana had done
of their mother. "You had better not let her hear you
mimicking her either. I don't want to be around for the
tirade that would cause."

"I've gotten really good at sensing her presence," Adiana
reassured him, "especially since your last visit."

Although not gifted enough to be sent to the Temple, both
Adiana and Owen had some Force sensitivity. Over the years,
in defiance of his mother but with his Master's approval,
Obi-Wan had spent part of each visit home teaching his
siblings to use their talents. Owen had a natural affinity
for animals and Adiana's skills lay in sensing people's
emotions and feelings. He hoped that his tutoring would
someday help them in their chosen fields. "Maybe we'll have
time to practice while I'm here. Where is mother, by the
way?" he asked, knowing he had to face her sooner or later.

"She's waiting in the drawing room," Adiana replied.
"Probably getting annoyed that we're still standing out
here." She stepped back, looking around as if finally
noticing that someone was missing. "Where's Master Qui-Gon?"

"Back at the hostelry," Obi-Wan replied. "He felt it would be
better if I came alone at first. Give mother a chance to see
me alone and all that." He smiled weakly at his sister and
added. "I think he was afraid to face mother's diatribe."

"As if your master is afraid of anything, Ben," Adiana
admonished him gently. "But I do think he was right about
this. Maybe your coming alone will show mother that you
haven't abandoned us completely for him or the Jedi."

"That's almost exactly what he said," Obi-Wan remarked. "When
did you become so wise, little sis?" Without waiting for a
reply, he placed his arm around her shoulder and aimed them
towards the door. "Let's go then. Mother awaits."

Brother and sister entered the house and made their way
quickly to their mother's private drawing room. Steeling
himself for whatever lie ahead, Obi-Wan walked directly to
where his mother was sitting and kissed her politely on the
cheek. "Hello, Mother. You look well."

Lady Kenobi looked up at her oldest son and frowned.
"Couldn't you have at least changed out of that dreadful
uniform for your visit?" she asked without even bothering to
return her son's greeting.

Despite his shields, Adiana could feel the frustration
rolling off her brother and stepped forward. "Mother,
please."

Lady Kenobi tossed her daughter a sidelong glance then
continued as if Adiana hadn't spoken. "Is Karn taking your
bags upstairs? I expected you sooner. Was your ship delayed?"

Obi-Wan stifled an annoyed chuckle as he realized he could
answer all three questions at once. "I insisted that Karn
divert to the Grallia Hostelry so that we could check in and
drop off our bags. That caused the delayed."

"The hostelry? You should be staying here. You visit once
every few years and can't even stay in your home," Lady
Kenobi complained.

Obi-Wan took a deep breath and sat stiffly in the chair
facing his mother's. "We have been through this before,
Mother. Until you can accept that Qui-Gon is my bonded mate
and welcome him into your home as a member of the family, I
will not spend another night under this roof."

Anger and disdain flowed from the older woman as Obi-Wan
watched her consider his words. "Where is your Master?" she
asked, spitting out the last word as if it was a curse.

"Qui-Gon is back at the hostelry," Obi-Wan said, struggling
to remain calm. "He suggested I come out alone so that we
could have a private visit but I'm beginning to think that
was a mistake." He rose from the chair, sending a loving
glance to Adiana then stated. "Maybe it would be best if I
only come out for the official functions." The rest of his
comment was cut off by a voice behind him and he turned to
see Owen standing in the doorway.

"Did you just get here, Ben?" Owen asked as he looked into
the room. "Sorry I wasn't here to greet you but I had a mare
in labor. The vet just delivered the foal a few minutes ago."
He looked from his brother to their mother and hoped that the
distraction of his presence would break the tension that had
filled the room. He had not heard much of what had been said
but knowing his mother's opinion about Ben's choices, he
could pretty much guess.

Obi-Wan moved to his brother and hugged him briefly. "I
arrived a little while ago but I think I'll be heading back
to the hostelry now. I'll be back tonight for dinner."

Rising from her chair, Lady Kenobi studied her children's
pained faces. Part of her wanted to pull Ben into her arms
and apologize for her terse words, both today and during
their recent conversations. But most of her truly believed
that same sex unions were unnatural and that Qui-Gon Jinn had
taken advantage of his position of authority over her son to
coerce him into this more intimate relationship. A pleading
look from her daughter helped her make a choice. "I have some
things to attend to for tonight. Cook has made some of your
favorite foods, Ben. Why don't the three of you have lunch
and visit before you head back?" Without waiting for a reply,
she strode regally from the room.

"Give her time, Ben. She'll come around," Owen insisted.

"I wish I shared your confidence, brother, but I don't see
any chance that she will ever truly accept my relationship
with Qui-Gon," Obi-Wan said sadly.

"You never know," Adiana contended. "She could change her
mind."

"That's about as probable as Hoth becoming a tropical
paradise," Obi-Wan retorted. "But let's take what she did
give us. I know she made her excuses so I wouldn't leave so
let's go see what goodies cook Maddie has put together for
us."

Obi-Wan spent the next few hours eating his fill of many of
his favorite foods while spending the time in pleasant
conversation with Adiana and Owen. They filled him in on the
goings on around the estate since his last visit. Owen talked
about his geldings and Adiana told him that Owen had a new
romance, a young woman named Beru that he had met on a trip
to the city. Adiana talked a bit about the presentation
ceremony and told him that she had been accepted into a
prestigious healer's school on Firrerre. She would be leaving
to begin her studies there in three tens much to their
mother's dismay.

All in all the afternoon was very pleasant and Obi-Wan found
himself calming in the comforting presence of his siblings.
As they left the informal dining area, he could feel the
presence of his mother again in her sanctuary. "Thank you
both for a wonderful visit. I am going to try and speak to
mother again before I leave. I will see you both at dinner."

Adiana hugged her brother and stepped back to allow Owen to
do the same. "Underneath all of her bitterness she does love
you, Ben," Owen said firmly. "Don't allow her stubbornness to
keep you from your family. There must be a way."

"Use the Force, Ben," Adiana said with a smile.

"I may have to," Obi-Wan replied with a smile of his own.
"I'll see you both later," he added as he knocked on the door
of the drawing room. "Come in," his mother ordered from
behind the closed door and he turned the latch and entered
the room.

"How was your lunch, Ben?" Lady Kenobi asked as he took the
seat across from her.

"Wonderful. Maddie is spoiling me and it was nice to catch up
with all the news," Obi-Wan replied politely. He drew in a
deep breath and pressed forward. "Mother, this cannot
continue. This is an important time for Adiana and as much as
I want to share it, I will not spend my time here defending
my relationship with Qui-Gon."

"I don't understand, Ben," Lady Kenobi said softly. "Why are
you willing to ignore our cultural beliefs to be with this
man?"

"Not our beliefs, Mother, your beliefs," Obi-Wan correctly
gently. "I firmly believe that love transcends gender or
race. To quote an old Alderaani poet, 'the greatest thing
you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return'.
Qui-Gon and I love each other, Mother, more than I ever
thought I could love anyone."

"But he could be influencing your mind, manipulating you into
believing that you are in love with him," Lady Kenobi
cautioned. "He is a powerful Jedi Master and you have sworn
fealty to him. He controls your movements and as such your
will as his apprentice and now he controls your heart too."

Obi-Wan leaned forward in his chair and covered his face with
his hands. This was hopeless. He would never get her to
understand. "You are making some very incorrect assumptions,
Mother. Yes, Qui-Gon is my Master. In that role he trains and
teaches me and in return I give him my obedience and my
loyalty. But I am my own person and I have no qualms about
speaking my opinion even if it conflicts with his."

"Your Master has influenced you more completely that I ever
dreamed if you truly believe that you have any free choice,
Ben," Lady Kenobi accused angrily. "You have been under the
Jedi's control since the day that Knight took you from my
arms."

Anger boiled in Obi-Wan but he fought to keep it buried. "If
you had ever bothered to attempt to get to know Qui-Gon, you
would realize that your concerns are unfounded," he
admonished. "Now, I will go back to the hostelry and we will
return together for dinner. I expect you to treat my Master
with the respect that is due both his station and his place
in my life." He looked intently into eyes that were very
similar to the ones he saw in the mirror each morning.
"Please do not make me choose between you, Mother."

For the first time since his arrival, Obi-Wan found his
mother at a loss for words. He rose from his chair, kissed
her politely on the cheek and asked. "Will Karn be available
to take me back to the hostelry?" When she nodded, he added.
"Think about what I said. I'll see you tonight." He turned
and left the drawing room without another word.

Obi-Wan found Karn standing beside the transport waiting for
him. "Ready to return to the hostelry, Jedi Kenobi?"

"Yes, Karn," Obi-Wan replied as he entered the transport. He
knew that Qui-Gon had kept the bond open while he had been
home so his Master would have sensed his emotions. He fought
his rising frustration and anger as he settled into the back
of the vehicle. His mother was the most obstinate,
inflexible, closed-minded, pontifical, and pompous person
that he had ever met. That she could possibly think that the
Jedi had been controlling him. He could have left the order
and or Qui-Gon, for that matter, at any time. He just never
wanted to. How dare she think that he was so spineless that
he could be manipulated like that.

By the time the transport reached the Grallia Hostelry, all
his closely held frustration had escaped and Obi-Wan was
fuming. He was barely civil when he took his leave from the
driver and refused to make eye contact with anyone he passed
on his way to their suite. How dare she, he thought again as
he got off the lift and walked to the door. He slid in his
key card and stalked into the room, intent on venting his
frustration in a verbal tirade that would have surpassed even
his mother's most volatile. The sight that greeted him as he
entered the suite stopped him in his tracks.

Qui-Gon was kneeling on a blanket spread on the floor of the
sitting room, naked except for a brown leather collar
fastened around his neck. His glistening skin was bathed in
the fading sunlight from the floor to ceiling windows and
silver-streaked brown hair flowed loosely over his shoulders.
Spaced on the floor around him were an array of items that
added to the rush of arousal surging within him at the vision
of his lover: a tube of lubricant, two dildos, a silver cock
ring, a pair of leather wrist restraints and soft, suede
flogger. "Master," he croaked.

"Not now, my Obi-Wan," Qui-Gon murmured huskily. "At this
moment, I am simply your lover, ready to fill whatever role
you may require of me."

Heart pounding, Obi-Wan looked upon the gift he was being
offered. The expression on his beloved's face shifted from
submissive to predatory and back as Qui-Gon peered up at him
from beneath lowered lashes. Love and lust warred for
supremacy as he drank in the erotic apparition kneeling at
his feet.

When Obi-Wan just continued to stare at him, Qui-Gon prodded
his lover. "Tell me what you need, my own?"

Without bothering to even remove his cloak, Obi-Wan slid to
his knees opposite his bondmate. One by one, he inspected the
items that encircled his lover. He picked up each item,
turning them over in his hands as if he was trying to decide
what to do with them. Finally, he held the wrist restraints
in his left hand and stroked Qui-Gon's beard with the fingers
of his right. "You," he growled.

Pressing his fully clothed body against his lover's naked
skin, Obi-Wan covered Qui-Gon's mouth in a bruising kiss. He
pushed his tongue past parted lips, tasting and licking every
inch of the inside like a man dying of thirst. Soon he was
thrusting his tongue against its mate, mimicking what he soon
hoped to be doing with his body. They were both panting by
the time he pulled away. "Lie back," he ordered.

As he watched Qui-Gon comply, Obi-Wan realized that his
Master had really thought of everything. His position on the
blanket put his head a half-meter below the low wrought-iron
table that sat in front of the sofa. The legs would provide
the perfect anchors to secure the wrist restraints. He lifted
the table slightly and slid the rings attached to the end of
the leather over the metal poles. Dropping it back onto the
floor, he reached for Qui-Gon's right arm and pulled it over
his head. After dropping a kiss to the center of the callused
palm, he wrapped the leather band around the wrist and
secured the clasp.

Obi-Wan repeated the process with Qui-Gon's left arm then
turned back to meet his lover's gaze. "Look at you. All laid
out before me, an exquisite feast just for my taking," he
noted in a husky voice. "And take you I will, but not before
we enjoy these toys you have so thoughtfully provided." He
gazed again at the assortment of items then picked up the
cock ring, studying it intently before laying it gently on
the reddened tip of his lover's shaft. His fingers moved down
to wrap loosely around the base and he slid them teasingly
along the hardened flesh. His expression became serious as he
scrutinized the silver ring and swollen flesh as if
attempting to puzzle out a dilemma. "Diameter is a bit scant.
This will have to be put aside until later then." Removing
the ring and pressing it into his lover's confined hand he
leaned close to his ear and whispered. "You can hold onto it
until that time comes."

The implication of those words and the warm puff of air
against his skin sent a shiver through Qui-Gon and he
struggled to form a reply. "Yes, love," was all he could
manage. He knew that this was just what Obi-Wan needed to
purge the stress of his visit with his mother but he had
forgotten how hard it was to be on the receiving end,
relinquishing control and becoming totally submissive. He
watched his lover move back onto his haunches and pick up one
of the dildos.

Spreading Qui-Gon's legs further apart, Obi-Wan ran the
sculpted phallus lightly along his lover's scrotum and
perineum. The twitches and soft moans coming from the older
man fueled his arousal and his own cock was pressing
painfully against the fabric of his leggings. Calling on all
of his Jedi control, he ignored his own need and focused on
the sumptuous body lying before him. He slid the toy he held
along the crevice between Qui-Gon's buttocks, stopping on
every pass to press it teasingly against the quivering
opening. He could see the older man fighting not to press
down into it and smiled wickedly.

After a few more teasing strokes, Obi-Wan pulled the dildo
from between Qui-Gon's legs and tossed it aside. "No, only my
fingers or my cock are allowed to sink into the warmth of
your body. Maybe I should see how you react to this," he
added as he took the handle of the flogger into his hand.
Starting at one wrist, he dragged the ends of the suede
strips along the length of an arm, light touches that were no
more than whispers against the skin. He continued this
pattern along the other arm, then moved onto the broad chest,
lean hips and long legs. He spent extra time on some of the
more sensitive areas, inside thighs, around nipples, behind
knees, but did not so much as touch the places that he knew
his lover wanted him most.

Only when the large frame was writhing beneath him, did
Obi-Wan change his tactics. Interspersed irregularly with the
long teasing strokes, he snapped the strands of the flogger
against patches of sensitized flesh. Qui-Gon hissed at the
first such contact but quickly pulled himself back under
control. "Soon, I will have you crying out, love. But will
you be crying out for me to stop or to continue? That is the
question," the younger man taunted.

Qui-Gon looked into the lust darkened eyes of his padawan and
wondered briefly if he had taught the younger man too well.
How many times had they played these games with Obi-Wan on
the receiving end of this exquisite torture? Enough to know
that he couldn't acquiesce quite so easily. Upping the ante
for his young lover would only take a few words. "I wouldn't
expect to hear me crying out anytime soon, Obi-Wan. I am a
Jedi Master after all."

A dangerous glint flashed in Obi-Wan's eyes as he flicked the
leather filaments against one nipple. "Well, we will just
have to see about that won't we." Like a man on a mission, he
set about to shred his Master's vaunted control. Teasing
touches mixed with sharper blows as the flogger passed over
every inch of Qui-Gon's skin. A wispy touch along the inside
of one thigh was contrasted by a harsh snap against the
other. A feather light swipe over one hip precipitated a
heavy slap on the opposite one. As the number of light
touches decreased and the sharp ones increased, he managed to
draw a couple of groans and even one low growl. Undaunted, he
snapped a couple of sharp hits against peaked nipples and
heard a breathy moan.

Struggling to keep any audible sounds from escaping, Qui-Gon
drew on the Force to increase his controls. He could see that
Obi-Wan was savoring the heightened arousal that was flowing
back and forth between them over the bond and he wanted that
to continue as long as possible. Suddenly, the strips of the
thin leather were spread gently over his erect cock and the
handle was deposited on the plain of his abdomen. He looked
up as his young lover moved abruptly to his feet and gazed
intently down at him.

Running a booted toe gently from adam's apple to navel,
Obi-Wan gave his immobilized lover an evil grin. "I think
I'll take a moment to put myself in a more appropriate state
of undress," he said as he dropped his robe to the floor.
"That way when I finally break your control, I will be ready
to press inside you." He kicked the robe aside then unbuckled
and toed off his boots. He dropped his belt onto the pile,
then unwound his sash and stripped off his tunics. He tucked
his thumbs into the waistband of his leggings and whispered.
"Shall I show you what I have for you or should I keep you
waiting, love?"

Fighting the desire to scream for his young lover to take him
now, Qui-Gon continued to play his role. "Whatever you wish,
beloved."

Desire swamped Obi-Wan and he struggled to contain it. He
quickly stripped off his leggings and linens and knelt back
down beside his lover, grabbing the handle of the small whip.
He drew the thin strips teasingly across Qui-Gon's leaking
shaft over and over while reaching for the tube of lube.
Uncapping it with his teeth, he used a touch of the Force to
press some of the oily substance onto his fingers. While
continuing his tantalizing touches over his lover's cock, he
pressed a slick finger against the opening of his body. He
was thrilled to hear his Master's breath hitch and a low moan
escape from his lips. Adding a second finger he stroked
deeply, pressing against his lover's prostate with each one.
The hitching breath became panting and the moans became
groans and growls.

Obi-Wan leaned forward and took his Master's mouth in a
bruising kiss as his hands continued this torturous teasing.
His own penis was rock hard and leaning copiously, spreading
a trail of wetness against his lover's side. He pulled back
from those wonderful lips without a word, tossed the flogger
aside and swallowed Qui-Gon's swollen flesh to the root. The
scream that greeted his ears was the sound he had waiting to
hear all night. With a swipe of his tongue along the leaking
slit, he released his prize and asked. "Are you ready for me
to take you now? Bury my flesh within your body and fuck you
until you burn up in a flash of ecstasy." He shifted to kneel
between Qui-Gon's spread knees and waited. When the reply
didn't come quickly enough, he pressed his fingertips against
the sensitive nub within his lover's body. "Ask? Beg? Plead?
Any one will do."

Pushed to the limits of his control by the exquisite torture
of his lover's touches, Qui-Gon could do nothing but submit.
"Please love…now Obi-Wan…I need you, please,"
he pleaded between panted breaths. The words had barely left
his mouth when he felt the clasps holding the leather strips
around his wrists snap open. He raised his legs and rested
them against Obi-Wan's chest. Calling the lube into his now
freed hand, he poured some of the slick substance into his
palm. He liberally coated the silver ring that he had been
holding and pressed it onto the tip of Obi-Wan's penis until
it slid securely under the head. He quickly spread the
remaining lube over his mate's hard flesh then whispered.
"Fill me."

Pulling his fingers from their warmth, Obi-Wan placed the tip
of his phallus against his lover's anus and pressed forward.
"Yes," he cried out as he sheathed himself within the tight
heat of Qui-Gon's body. Nothing felt as good as the two of
them being joined intimately like this, whether he was
filling or being filled. He dropped his shields fully and
almost immediately felt his Master do the same. Minds merged
as bodies already had and all ability to think was lost in
the pleasure of those two sensations.

Qui-Gon reached out for his lover's hands and intertwined
their fingers for leverage as Obi-Wan began to thrust. The
feeling of holding his lover's flesh so tightly within him
was always amazing but the addition of the cock ring
increased the stimulation. Every stroke of Obi-Wan shaft
brushed both the head and the ring against his prostate and
the sensation was exquisite. Held so close to the edge for so
long, he knew that it wouldn't be long before they fell over
the precipice into completion. He concentrated on the
sensations and felt his young lover do the same, wanting to
make the most of each moment of this powerful lovemaking.
Though they wanted it to last forever, it seemed only seconds
before their balls drew up tightly against their bodies in
imminent release.

Obi-Wan brought one set of their joined hands to grasp his
lover's shaft and stroke it in time with his thrusts. They
cried out simultaneously as their climaxes ripped through
them - Qui-Gon's over their joined hands and Obi-Wan's into
his lover's body.

Thrusts and strokes slowed as they spent themselves fully
until the lithe frame of his lover collapsed onto Qui-Gon's
chest. He pulled the younger man tightly against him as he
shifted to bring his legs down onto the floor. He could feel
Obi-Wan's heart pounding in time with his own as their ragged
breathing began to slow. Finally, when he had regained the
capacity for speech, he whispered against the sweaty head.
"Is that what you needed, love?"

Obi-Wan struggled to keep the flood of emotion pouring
through him from breaking open as he kissed the broad chest
beneath his lips. This man lying under him was everything he
could ever want or need in his life. Teacher, mentor,
partner, friend, Master and lover, creating and changing him
from the boy he had been to the man he had become. Force
willing they would have a lifetime of moments like this and
he knew he would be a fool to allow anyone or anything
distract from that happiness. Fighting back the tears, he
finally replied. "Thank you, love. You are all that I could
ever want or need."

Qui-Gon held his lover close, stroking his back in comforting
circles until he felt him calm a bit. Tipping the cleft chin
so that he could look into those chameleon eyes, he pledged.
"And I will be here to share your burdens and your joys until
the day that I join the Force." Knowing that he had to find a
way to lighten the mood, he added in his driest tone. "Though
if I don't want that to be anytime soon, I will have to
return to the controlling side of these little sessions. You
learned your lessons too well, my Padawan."

Taking the thread of humor Qui-Gon had spooled out, he used
it to help lessen the emotions flowing through him. "Never
let it be said that I am not an attentive student, my
Master," Obi-Wan replied with an evil smirk. "If there is
anything else you wish to teach me I would be more than
willing to learn."

"Self-preservation will keep me from teaching you anything
else, my own," Qui-Gon said wryly. "Now, if we are going to
arrive at dinner on time, we should head for the shower."

"It would be a bit difficult to explain to mother that we
were late because I spend the afternoon ravaging you. Though
if I explained the set up maybe she wouldn't worry about you
controlling me quite so much," Obi-Wan teased.

"Sharing the details of this with your mother would not be a
positive thing, Padawan," Qui-Gon retorted. "I don't think it
would do anything to improve her opinion of our
relationship."

"But the look on her face would be so worth it," Obi-Wan
chuckled. "You never let me have any fun, Master."

Qui-Gon rolled his young lover off his chest and dumped him
on the floor. "I think I have allowed you more than your
share of fun this afternoon." He pushed himself to his feet
and glowered at his apprentice. "Now get your butt off the
floor and into the shower, brat."

A short time later, the two men emerged from the suite ready
to face the evening. Standing in front of the open lift door
Obi-Wan looked intently at his Master. "Thank you for showing
me what's important and in doing so giving me the strength to
survive the next few days. I don't hold out any hope that I
can get mother to change her opinion but I know now that it
really doesn't matter." He stroked the bearded cheek with his
fingers tips as he continued. "All that matters is that we
will face whatever life and the Force send our way, together.
And together is all that we need to be."

The end.