Blind Course

"For the true racer, competition is the strop that sets the edge of the razor-thin line between success and failure."
Samuel Hastings, European Course, January XXXX

~prologue~ 

Phoenix vs. Dragon: Van Etten's Challenge 
Byline: Samuel Hastings

Off the Beaten Track, May 13, XXXX, Sacramento, CA. When does an event give birth to a legend? Is the instant recognized, or is that defining moment simply created whole cloth after the fact by historians deliberately weaving the fabric of a myth?

Rally racing fans who watched the California Grand Prix Stage Rally Meet may soon be able to answer that question, and could look forward to a day when they tell their grandchildrens' children that they witnessed the advent of an event that transcends sport: the birth of a battle as epic as the myths that created empires in the East.

Until the final moments of the race, the outcome was uncertain. Would Sterling Rich, wealthy rally car enthusiast and inventor, hold on to his world title, or would rash and brilliant newcomer Ryan "Rip" van Etten steal the gold cup from him?

Van Etten's round was flawless, and the risky choices he's become famous for in the short time he's raced the professional circuit seemed to have paid off, setting a new world record that shaved just under a minute from the old record established by Rich three years ago.

But in the end, it was Rich's dazzling, calculated skill at the wheel that took the day. Not only did he win the rally, he established a new world's record a full 93 seconds faster than van Etten's.

Van Etten immediately gave truth to the stereotype of redheads and anger. "When you know the route and drive by the numbers, it's easy to win a race. I'd like to see whether Rich has what it takes to win a blind race, over a course he doesn't know."

(For readers unfamiliar with Van Etten's career, it's important to note that he started on the dangerous and unregulated 'freeform circuit', wherein stage rally rules are applied to roadless terrain.)

World-class course designer and race organizer Patrick Hearst expressed interest in van Etten's idea. "I would like to see these two competitors in a blind race. It would be very enlightening, wouldn't it?"

When asked what made a blind race so special, Hearst noted it's easy to drive when the sun lights a course, "…but driving blind takes away any advantages and leaves only man versus fate. Without skill and courage, a driver could be swallowed by the darkness."

If such an event were to come to pass, fans would be witness to a race pitting the best drivers in the world against themselves as well as against their competitors. Rich, known for his precision timing and his almost uncanny relationship to his car, would be challenged to push himself past his normal cool calculation, while van Etten's seemingly reckless risk-taking would need to be curbed, so as not to disqualify himself for over-shooting the proscribed course.

This fan, for one, would like to see the reigning dragon of stage rallies take up the gauntlet thrown by the sport's brightest shining phoenix.

Endnote: Rich could not be reached for comment prior to publication of this article.

Chapter One 

"Some of the most complex men are those who appear simple at first glance. Focus, drive, passion: these attributes are easy to dismiss as mere desire for commercial gain or ego-driven bragging rights. But for the true competitor, these simple qualities are merely the surface reflection of a man who strives to prove to himself that he's stronger than fate."
Samuel Hastings, Race, June XXXX

"Damn it, Rip!"

Rip van Etten unbuckled his helmet and slipped it off, tossing it as he climbed out of the Jeep. "Here, shorty."

Joe Long deftly caught it as he clambered out the passenger side. "Shut up. I'm normal. It's you who's too tall, jerk."

"Dream on, shrimp." Rip pulled his hair out of its tie and let it fall around his shoulders, running his fingers through it to straighten the tangles. The day was fucking hot; after the rain two days ago, the ruts in the track had been as hard as railroad tracks. His ass hurt from the Jeep's bucking, but they'd won because he knew that kind of terrain and drove through what other drivers tried to drive around. Too bad that jerk, Sterling Rich, hadn't been in this race. He'd have wiped the bastard's ass. "Good run."

"Yeah. But you should've listened to me going into the S-curve. I told you that it was gravel on the second corner."

Rip rubbed his sleeve over his face. He could use a beer. "We got through it, didn't we? We would have lost more time if I'd taken it slower."

"Uh uh." Joe shook his head vigorously. "When you fishtailed, you lost at least two seconds getting the Jeep back under control. You could have cut a second off that if you'd done like I told you, and then you'd have been in a better position to gain speed on that last stretch."

"We left everybody else's time in the dust. We're gonna win. That's what's important." Joe was probably right, but Rip was damned if he was going to become a clock-watcher like that stuck-up prick, Rich. He knew the Jeep, every rattle of her frame, every slip of her tires, and his gut knew just when to let her go and when to rein her in. "Besides, it's too late for me to change now. I start driving by the book, and I'll lose time."

"Why the heck am I your navigator when you never listen to me?" Joe muttered. "Jerk." He looked around and swung Rip's helmet toward the food tents. "I'm hungry. I'm getting something to eat. Wanna come?"

"Nah. Thanks." Rip pulled his cigarettes out of his pocket and tapped one out of the pack. "I've got an interview lined up. Hastings, independent. Heard of him?"

"Geez, you're an idiot!" Joe replied, clearly disgusted. "He's the dragon guy, remember? Writes for the big rags and talks on tv and the radio and stuff. Don't say anything stupid."

That's right. The guy with the weird writing style, like rallying was highbrow or something. "No guarantees." Rip lit his cigarette and took a deep drag. "Hasta, baby."

"Lame asshole." Joe trotted off before Rip could think of a rejoinder.

Rip perched his cigarette on his lip and pulled back his hair again as he walked toward the clubhouse. So, Hastings was classy, was he? Probably some stuck up snob, or one of those guys who tried to trick you into saying things you shouldn't say. Joe was right, he'd have to watch it. But maybe he'd see if he could have some fun with the asshole, too. Maybe he could get Hastings to write about elves or something.

He finished tying his hair into a neat tail as he entered the club.

"Gimme a beer, would you, Roger?" Rip slid onto a barstool and crushed out his cigarette before he unzipped his firesuit and shrugged off the top, letting it dangle around his waist. The bartender set a glass in front of him. "Thanks." Rip drained half of it in one long draught.

"Hear you made record time again, Rip."

"We did okay." Rip set the beer on the bar and grinned. "Joe thinks we could have done better."

"That kid's got some good sense."

"Only when it comes to cars and rallying. Otherwise, he's just a noisy shit with a bottomless pit for a stomach. Takes all my winnings just to feed him a week."

Roger laughed and wiped the bar. "You've been together forever, right?"

"Yeah." Rip shook his head. "If something happened to him, his Aunt Kanzie would have my balls."

"Excuse me. Mr. van Etten?"

Rip looked up as Roger politely moved away to tend to other customers. "Yeah?"

A tall, dark-haired man stood beside him, wearing glasses and trousers that came straight out of the pages of a fashion magazine's idea of an 'outdoorsman.' The man extended his hand with a smile. "Samuel Hastings. Is now a good time for that interview?"

Was he being genuinely friendly, or were Rip's instincts right, and that smile was hiding something?

"Now's as good a time as any. Want a beer or anything?" When Hastings shook his head, Rip picked up his glass and stood. "Follow me. We can use the back office."

Hastings might have looked like a townie, but he moved through the crowded bar with wired grace. He reminded Rip of a catamount, tawny and sleek and deadly, the kind of cat that ambushed its prey. Shit. Joe's advice might have hit the mark closer than I thought. Rip decided he'd better play it cool and not say much during the interview. No need to expose his throat to a hunter like this guy.

They reached the back office and Rip opened the door. "In here. There's a kind of library over by the window, with chairs and a table. We can use that."

"Thank you." Hastings walked across the room in front of Rip. The guy had a nice ass. Still, something about him felt off, a sort of 'don't come near me' quality that grounded Rip's libido. Whoever this guy was, he was off-limits.

They sat at the table. Rip reached for an ashtray. "Mind if I smoke?"

"Please do."

Rip lit up and leaned back in his chair. "So, what kind of questions do you have for me?"

"I understand that you're from New York," Hastings began. "Your nickname seems to be derived from there, too."

"That's right. The Catskills. Some guys started calling me 'Rip van Winkle' when I started the amateur circuits, and it stuck."

"Mmm. Quite an upscale part of the country."

Rip shrugged. "Not everybody lives the high life there. There are lots of guys like me who grew up without a whole lot of anything."

"I see. Your father was fairly well-off I believe, though?"

"My dad died when I was two." Rip frowned and tapped his ash into the ashtray. "What's with all of the personal questions?"

"You have a reputation for being someone who came up from nothing," Hastings said smoothly. "Ironic, isn't it, when you were surrounded by so much?"

"Look, I'm not going into my family life with you, so just drop it or leave. If you think that living in a rich part of the world means that everybody's got a tree in the back yard that grows money, you're a pretty stupid dude. And somehow, I don't think you're that stupid." Rip frowned at Hastings.

"Thank you for the compliment." The smile didn't leave Hastings' face. "So if I were to share the results of my investigations into your background with my readers, you wouldn't have anything to add to it?"

"If you find any money in my background, let me know." Rip laid his arm over the back of his chair. "I sure as hell never did."

"Your rise in the rallying world has been quite meteoric."

"Yeah. I work hard. So?"

"Another person whose early rise was equally meteoric is Sterling Rich, who also comes from the Catskills part of New York. Of course, he makes no secret of the wealth that finances his rally career. I believe he's the only rally driver who doesn't take sponsorships."

"What are you trying to get me to say? If you want me to badmouth Rich, fuck you. Rich may have some money, and maybe he acts like one of the world's most stuck-up assholes, but his driving talent isn't just hype. He's good."

"So you'd say that you and Rich have nothing in common then? Except for your driving skills, of course," Hastings murmured, taking notes.

"I've never even met the guy. Look. What are you getting at?"

Hastings' smile sharpened. "Two colorful drivers, both from the same part of the country, with diametrically opposing backgrounds and brilliant driving skills, one of whom owns a car company that manufactures elite production models, the other of whom drives for a sponsor of a second line of not-quite-so-elite production models, both wildly successful and sporting a rivalry that's attracting more enthusiasts to the sport every day. Seems like quite the coincidence, especially given how lucrative the situation has become for both of you."

Rip didn't know whether to laugh or bash Hastings' face in. "Are you saying that Rich and I are—What? Working together in some kind of scam to sell cars? Jesus, fuck, you bastard! I don't know Rich, but anyone who tries to tell me that the guy's on the take and that he's only in it for the money is nuts! And I sure as hell don't make much money off of driving, either." He leaned on the table, hands flat to keep himself from balling them into fists. "Look, I drive because I'm damned good at it. I like pushing myself. I like pushing the car. I like second-guessing my navigator's instructions and proving the course designers might know a hell of a lot about how to drive a rally, but they don't know shit about how to be a rally driver."

"You can like to do all of those things and still have an ulterior motive," Hastings pointed out.

"Aw, fuck!" Rip pushed away from the table. "Fine. Write your article. Tell the world that Rich and I are cheating the fans. I won't be able to do anything about it, but I bet Rich has attorneys who'll eat you for dinner, and I'll just sit back and laugh."

Hastings' smile changed, its sudden warmth startling. "Ah haha! I'd hoped that you were the kind of man you seemed to be," he said, sitting back. "Forgive me for my cynicism, but I've covered everything from wars to the abuse of government contracts. I've found that things quite often aren't what they seem. It's quite refreshing to find someone who is."

"Why'd you think that in the first place?"

"Your challenge," Hastings said. "Especially when Patrick Hearst jumped on the opportunity so quickly. He's usually quite a bit more circumspect and calculated, but he's already got sponsors lined up and is building international interest in the rally. He's calling it 'The Sun and Moon Blind Rally.' I hear that he's scheduling it for December 21st, the longest night of the year, and it will include special stages that involve night-driving."

Rip grunted. "Must think he can make a lot of money from it."

"He's also a former protégé of Sterling Rich's father."

"I didn't know that." Rip shook his head. "Shit. I've never heard of any connection between them before."

"There doesn't seem to be, other than the connection between Rich's father and Hearst, and that had already deteriorated before Sterling Rich entered the picture. Once Rich was adopted, it appears his father focused all of his attention on his son, and Hearst left Kyou Motors to take a job with a Japanese company."

"So you thought all three of us had worked out some sort of scheme." Rip snorted. "Fat chance."

"The number of coincidences is quite striking," Hastings murmured.

"Yeah, well, coincidentally there are a lot of stars in the sky, too, aren't there?"

"You have quite an unique way of looking at things."

"Not everything is bad, just like not everything is good. It is what it is."

"Ah, yes. I'm familiar with that philosophy. 'Dragons beget dragons, and phoenixes, phoenixes; and the offspring of mice will know how to chew holes,'" Hastings replied.

Rip snorted. "Where do you get that shit? Phoenixes and dragons? You put 'em in that article, too."

"It's an ancient Chinese proverb. Don't you think it's appropriate?"

"How the hell can I? I don't know what you're talking about." Rip shrugged and stubbed his cigarette out in the ashtray.

Hastings leaned forward with an intent gaze, pushing aside the ashtray. "The dragon is the emperor, the bringer of wealth. The phoenix is the fire, and the herald of a new age. They're often depicted as mortal enemies—or, conversely, as lovers."

Lovers. Rip hid a start. Did Hastings know…? He was watching Rip closely, that was for sure.

Hastings dropped his eyes demurely. "The dragon is traditionally considered to represent male characteristics, and the phoenix, female."

The bastard knew. He knew and he was taunting him. Rip regarded Hastings through half-closed eyes, reining in his anger. "So now you're saying I'm a chick?"

"Mr. van Etten, are the rumors alleging that you engage in homosexual affairs true?"

Rip's stomach dropped. "This interview is finished. Get out."

Hastings tilted his head to the side, calmly regarding him. "If you end the interview here, I'm free to speculate."

His heart felt like it might pound his chest open. Rip had known that something would get out, sometime. He'd just hoped he'd have a chance to make a real name for himself, first, maybe make enough money to live a comfortable life, if not a fancy one. "Speculate all you want, asshole." He'd gambled. He'd lost. Shit happened. It just sucked, after he'd worked like a dog to get this far.

"I'd prefer not to," Hastings replied mildly. "It's apparent that this is a sensitive issue for you. I withdraw my question."

"I don't give a fuck." Rip was shaking so hard, he figured Hastings could see it. "Get out!"

Hastings put his notebook down and sat back in his chair. "I'm sorry," he said quietly. "You're right. It's unpardonable to bring your personal life into the interview like that."

"Then why did you do it?"

"Controversy sells. There could hardly be anything more controversial in this particular sport than one of its most skilled and admired drivers being gay."

Rip felt the blood drain from his face. The bastard. He'd played Rip just right, hadn't he?

"I see," Hastings said softly. "I'm sorry," he repeated. "I won't contribute to your difficulties."

Money. Maybe money was the answer. Rip's mouth went dry. He didn't have much, probably nowhere near enough… "How much?"

"I beg your pardon?"

"How much to keep quiet?"

"I deserve that," Hastings said regretfully. "Mr. van Etten, I came to this interview thinking that I would find a fraud, a man who had money and connections equal to Sterling Rich, and who had built a carefully-crafted story to further his career. Instead, I found a man who is straightforward, courageous and blunt." He pushed his glasses up on his nose and stood. "I won't impose on you any longer. And I won't repeat anything of a personal nature that may or may not have come up during my visit. I promise you." He extended his hand. "I truly am very sorry for my actions here today. I hope you'll do me the honor of granting me future interviews, but I understand if you choose not to."

Rip just stared. Jesus. Should he believe him? Hastings looked sincere. His gut told him the guy was sincere. He studied Hastings' face, not quite sure what to do. Green eyes, clear and regretful, gazed back at him.

Hastings was a journalist. It was stupid to trust a journalist.

Yet this guy seemed real. But was taking a chance on him worth risking his career?

Fuck it.

"I could use a drink. You a drinking man?"

Hastings blinked. "Occasionally."

"I'm buying." Rip threw his arm over Hastings' shoulders. "Nothing fancy, though. And no," he said, not even glancing at Hastings' face, "I'm not putting the moves on you. Don't worry. You're not my type."

"Then why?" Hastings didn't shrink away, though Rip got the feeling that he normally didn't let other people near him.

"I like your eyes," Rip admitted. "I think you might hide things with them, but just now, you didn't, and I liked them."

Hastings started laughing. "You liked my eyes! You're trusting me because you liked my eyes?"

Rip grinned. "Yeah. Stupid, isn't it?"

Shaking his head, Hastings chuckled. "Call me Sam."

"I'm Rip. Nice to meet you, Sam."

"Likewise."

"Let's go get those beers."

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Chapter Two 

"What's the fuel that burns hottest? It has nothing to do with petrol, nor is it skill or luck. It's the sheer force of a competitor's personality."
Samuel Hastings, Business Today, June XXXX

Rip watched the envelope disappear into the depths of the mailbox. "There she goes. I'm officially signed up for that damned Sun and Moon race. Now to find some sponsors."

Joe grinned. "That's never been a problem."

Rip snorted. "No, thank fuck. Sam knew what he was talking about when he told me about Hearst's plans. The race is in December, so we've got plenty of time to line up the right people." He hesitated for a second, trying to act casual. "Hey. You wanna go watch Rich drive the club rally today?"

"Scouting out the opposition? Sure!" Joe's face lit up. "The club's got the best burgers around, too!"

"Idiot." Rip ruffled Joe's hair.

"Quit it, jerk! I'm not a kid."

"Bullshit. You're still wet behind the ears." He fended off Joe's indignant blows as they walked to the car and tried to rein in his excitement.

He was going to meet Sterling Rich today, come hell or high water.

Rich had always been ahead of him, remote and out of reach as Rip had worked his way into the professional circuit and started his climb. No other driver was worth his time; Rip only had eyes for the one at the top.

The one he was going to beat. In his gut, Rip knew he was the better driver. He just had to prove it.

Christ, he wanted Rich's ass. And because Rich was fucking gorgeous, Rip wanted it in every way possible.

Taciturn to the point of being sullen, Rich's well-deserved reputation for being hard to get along with only sparked Rip's interest. He had a secret theory that if a guy was that pissy in private and drove like the devil himself in public, the passions running under that hard surface would prove to be the ultimate turn-on between the sheets. Forget the blond hair, the lavender Elizabeth Taylor eyes, the slim, powerful build – that asshole had enough balls to set world records on the track, even breaking Rip's own. Any guy who could do that and still stay shut down probably had a hell of a lot of sexual energy to tap.

Now that Rip had finally made it into Rich's sphere, he figured it was time to meet him. And then… Yeah.

He wanted to fuck the hell out of the pretty asshole.

He opened his car door and grinned at Joe's annoyed face. "Tell you what. I'll stand you to two burgers, you being my nav and all."

"Two?" Joe's voice shrilled up the scale. "Two? What the hell's going on with that? Five at least, you asshole, or I'll steer you into a river during our next race!"

"Three."

"Three of the super-pounders. With three orders of cheese fries, three orders of jalapeno poppers, three chocolate shakes, three slices of apple pie with ice cream and three bottomless sodas. And you don't get any of it, it's all mine," Joe added in a rush.

"You're learning, kid. I'm not cleaning the bathroom after you take a dump tomorrow, though. In fact, I think I'll just move to the next town, because the sewer in this one is headed for problems after you get finished with it." Rip opened his car door.

"Fuck off. I think I'll ask for the super-pounder cheeseburgers instead." Joe grinned and stretched, then climbed into the passenger seat.

Once on the road, Rip started whistling, ignoring Joe's complaints. Who cared if he was in tune or not?

He had a date to meet a certain rally driver.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Joe knew a guy in Rich's maintenance crew, so Rip was waiting for Rich when he finished his final special stage.

The day was cold for June, gray and overcast and threatening rain. Rich's crew had set up a tarp to give them some shelter, but Rip knew the protection was mostly for the car, not for them. Rainy days could be a real bitch. His own crew hated them.

A sleek white car pulled into the area under the tarp. Rip took a second to admire the Kyou's beauty. She might look like a sports car, but she was built to withstand a head-on with an unloaded semi. Tough and gorgeous, a true collector's dream.

Her driver's side door opened and Sterling Rich climbed out, glaring at Rip. "Who the fuck are you?"

Gorgeous. Like car, like driver. "Rip van Etten," Rip said, extending his hand.

Rich ignored his hand. "Get the fuck out of my service area." He unstrapped his helmet and handed it to one of the crew.

Close up, Rich was even prettier than Rip had imagined. There should be frown lines furrowed deep into his brow with that glare, but his skin was as wrinkle-free and soft as a fashion model's. The golden hair was more luminous, too, catching and reflecting light in a thousand shades of money and privilege, while the hands that guided his car so capably were long-fingered and graceful. Rip felt a stirring in his groin as he dropped his outstretched hand and grinned.

"Yeah, well, I'm here to steal all your secrets," he drawled. "Like what oil mix you use, and whether your tires are all-weather or light. You know. Because you're the best and all."

"Fuck off, asshole." Rich shot an annoyed look at him, which just made Rip grin harder. God, Rich was cute when he was pissy.

"Seriously." Rip turned down the wattage a bit. "I'm here to make sure that you're driving the Sun and Moon in December."

Rich watched as the crew jacked the Kyou up and started working on her rear tires. "Why should I? Just because some yahoo from the sticks is a bad loser."

Rip laughed. "If I was a bad loser, I'd have hired away your maintenance crew. That would show you, hey?"

Rich turned to face him. "You're a real asshole, you know that?"

"Yeah, well, it takes one to know one, doesn't it?"

"Are you planning to waste my time with school-yard taunts or something?"

"Nope, not really. Why won't you drive the Sun and Moon?"

Rich snorted and turned away, stripping off his firesuit. "What's the point? Racing is about skill, speed and control. Blind rallies don't measure that, they only measure luck and circumstance. There's no challenge."

Who knew taking off a firesuit could be so damned sexy? Rip shook off his lust. "No glory, eh? What a fucking ego you've got! Just like the nice, safe world of stage rallying, do you? All measured, all written up in your little book of race notes, no surprises, drive like a robot and you'll get rich."

"I'm already rich, jerk." Rich put a jacket on. "Carl, throw this bastard out, would you?"

Rip eyed Carl, a hulking Chinese guy with huge grease-stained hands and a cheerful expression.

"Sure thing, boss." Carl turned to Rip. "You want I should carry you, or are you gonna go on your own?"

"Hey, Carl, what do you think? Do you think your boss should drive the Sun and Moon?" Rip asked.

Carl shrugged. "It'd be a great race." His voice sounded a little wistful.

Rip grinned in triumph. "See, Rich? 'A great race,' he said."

"When you throw him out, make sure he lands on his head and breaks his fucking neck." Rich started walking toward the course.

"See you later, big guy!" Rip waved at Carl as he trotted after Rich. When he caught up, he fell in step with him. "You've got a hell of a crew."

"I'll get course security."

"Wouldn't the tabloids love that?" Rip shook his head. "Look. This isn't about ego or money or any of that shit. It's about driving. Don't you want to drive a race where the odds are against you?"

"I don't bet odds. Get the fuck away from me."

Rip stretched, letting his shirt ride up so that Rich could get a good view of his taut stomach. Just to annoy him, of course. "Come on, I'll buy you a drink and we can talk about it."

Rich suddenly grabbed Rip's collar and yanked him behind a tent. "I warned you, asshole!"

"Fuck!" Rip whispered hoarsely, putting his hands up and looking down the barrel of what looked like a Colt revolver straight from the movies. He swallowed hard and met Rich's furious gaze. "I guess this is a good answer to 'is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me?' isn't it?"

"What the fuck are you up to?" Rich demanded. The gun didn't waver.

"Uh, I hate to point this out, but the tabloids would go crazy over a story about you shooting me."

"I've got money. They'll never find your body."

Rip burst into laughter. "God, you are such a dickwad! 'They'll never find your body!' What the fuck's so bad about having a drink with me, Rich?"

"I don't like you." Still, Rich eased the hammer forward and lowered the gun.

"You don't have to like a guy to get drunk with him," Rip pointed out. "By the way, can I lower my hands now?"

Rich continued to glare. "I only drink Hudson Single Malt."

"I can afford it." Rip lowered his hands.

"Then buy me a bottle and go the fuck away."

Rip had an inspiration. "Tell you what. Let's play Russian roulette – with a non-human target," he quickly amended, "—and let the results say whether you enter the race or not."

"Why the hell should I bet on that?"

"Because if you don't, you won't be able to get rid of me. Now, how many rounds are in that thing, anyway? Five?"

"Six." Rich stepped back, frowning.

"Right. Take out all but one round, then spin the whatchamacallit so you don't know if the bullet is chambered or not. Then, aim at, say," Rip looked around, "that tree over there, away from all of the people. If no bullet comes out, you sign up to drive the Sun and Moon."

Rich paused a moment. "I take one bullet out and leave the rest in, and you've got yourself a bet."

One in six. Oh well, better than none at all. "Fine. Jerk."

"I'm not the stalker here."

"Che. Just get rid of the bullet already, would you? I want to see you enter that fucking race so I can beat the shit out of you and your Kyou."

"Hey, Rip!" Joe barrelled around the corner, his shirt liberally stained with a variety of foods. "There you are! You've got to try the nachos here, they're crazy good—" Joe paused, his eyes wide. "Whoa! You're Sterling Rich!"

Rich closed his eyes. "Another fucking moron."

"Hey, Joe. Run over there by that tree and make sure nobody's behind it or anything, will you? If nobody's there, give us the 'all clear' and move your ass out of the way. We're doing some target practice." Rip rubbed his hands together.

Joe's mouth hung open. "You're crazy."

Rich cursed. "Just do it so we can get this the fuck over with."

Joe nodded, eyes still wide, then turned and bolted for the tree.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

The contest proved to be anti-climatic, since an alert security guard spotted them just as Rich pulled the trigger. Within minutes, a small crowd had gathered, and Rich looked like he was about to explode.

"You nearly got my win taken away from me, you fucker!" Rich snapped at Rip as security tagged his gun and confiscated it. "And you owe me an antique Colt!"

"But I won, didn't I?" God, it felt good to rub Rich's nose in his loss. "No bullet. The hammer landed on an empty chamber."

"There weren't any."

"What?"

"No bullets. I keep it for show, for assholes like you." Rich took out a pack of cigarettes and tapped one out.

"I'm the first who actually made you shoot it, then? Heh heh." Rip felt jubilant. "Hey! Wait a minute!" He stared at Rich. "That means that you were going to drive the Sun and Moon all along, doesn't it, you asshole?"

"There's no way I'll lose against an idiot as gullible as you." Rich lit his cigarette and took a deep drag, meeting Rip's eyes with a faint smirk as he blew out the smoke.

And Rip fell in love.

Or, at least, really, really intense lust, he told himself.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Rip liked the bar. The atmosphere was comfortable, and they'd grabbed a booth with big bench seats and a convenient corner where he could trap Rich, while Joe had the rest of the table to hold the mountains of food he ordered. Country music played in the background, the good classic stuff, the beer wasn't a microbrew and was cold as hell, and wonder of wonders, they allowed smoking. Rip sipped his beer and sprawled, pressing his thigh against Rich's.

"Stop touching me," Rich muttered.

Rip smiled and stretched an arm along the back of the booth, just brushing the hair at the nape of Rich's neck. "Hey. Isn't that Sam? Hey, Sam!"

Sam paused in the doorway and looked around, blinking in that fucking misleading way of his, then beamed as he spotted them. "My goodness! Rip!" He maneuvered through the room until he stood by their table. "Mr. Sterling?"

Rich looked bored and blew out a stream of smoke. He grunted.

"This is my nav, Joe Long," Rip said. "Sit down. Joe, move over, for fuck's sake!"

"Hey," Joe greeted Sam. "Good to meet you. You the dragon guy?"

Sam laughed and slid in next to Joe. "Yes, I'm the dragon guy. You're quite talented, Mr. Long. And quite courageous to navigate for a driver like Rip."

Joe grinned. "He's an asshole, but it's fun most of the time."

"This guy's a reporter," Rich said in a bored tone.

"Yeah, well, Sam's off the clock now, right?" Rip raised his eyebrows, and Sam nodded.

"I've done my story for the day," he said. A waitress placed a glass of beer in front of him. "I'm surprised to see you sitting together. I didn't think you were acquainted."

Rip grinned. "We just met this afternoon. Off the record, I got the asshole to sign up for the Sun and Moon."

Rich ground his cigarette out. "Fuck off. Nobody gets me to do anything I don't intend to do already. And we're not acquainted. He's just a fucking stalker."

"Who's buying you your Hudson Single Malt, you picky bastard."

"Heh heh! That's funny." Joe grinned at Rich. "Who knew booze could get you to do things? We should have tried that for the California Grand Prix, Rip."

"That's wonderful news!" Sam raised his beer. "To the Sun and Moon and the chance to see history being made!"

"Yeah!"

"Hear, hear!"

Rip and Joe raised their beers, and Rip was pleased to see Rich take a sip of his whiskey, though he made it look as if it wasn't in answer to the toast.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Sam and Joe left at bar time, but Rip persuaded the owner to let him buy booze before last call and hang out with Rich while the staff cleaned up. Being pretty well-known had its perks, especially when you were trying to get into a guy's pants.

Rich didn't talk much, but Rip learned enough about him to confirm that the jerk really was a driver, someone who raced for the thrills and challenge of beating the course and the clock, just like him. He also learned that Rich had no pretensions when it came to his skill, he hated pretty much everyone, he smoked the wrong brand of cigarettes, and was every sex dream Rip had ever had, sporting an ass that was a dark angel's dream.

A short time later, the manager waited at the door as the last of the waitresses left. "We're closing up."

Rip slid out of the booth, Rich following, and they left the bar, watching as the owner locked up and drove off.

There were only two cars left in the lot. One was Rip's, so he figured the other was Rich's. Looked like it, too: a sleek white number that was obviously a production model of the Kyou that Rich drove in rallies.

"You wanna drive or should I?" Rip put his hand on Rich's waist.

"You're drunk," Rich said, his voice full of disgust. He pushed Rip's hand away.

"Nah, just buzzed." Rip grinned. "I like you. Asshole."

"Definitely drunk." Rich frowned and took his cigarettes out. He seemed to have a difficult time tapping one out of the pack, and Rip started laughing.

"If I'm drunk, what about you? You can't even get a cigarette out of the pack!"

"Shut up." Rich succeeded in pulling a cigarette from the pack and stuffed the pack back into his pocket, only to have more difficulties. "Goddamned lighter."

"Here. Let me." Rip managed to light the flame after a couple of false flicks, and held it to Rich's cigarette.

The light over the clubhouse door barely reached the parking lot where they stood, but the lighter's flame was enough to make Rich's golden hair glow. His lips, pressed around the cigarette, were full and tempting.

Rip took the cigarette from Rich's mouth and kissed him.

For a moment, Rich didn't respond. Then Rip stumbled as Rich grabbed the front of his shirt, spun him around, slammed him against the Kyou and drove his tongue into Rip's mouth. Rich was a little shorter, but Rip slid his legs apart until he could devour Rich's mouth without having to crane his neck. He pulled Rich between his legs, and was happy to find a bulge in Rich's jeans that rubbed against his own rapidly filling cock.

Rich kissed like he talked, hard, sharp and brutal, and Rip groaned in response, giving as good as he got. The kiss turned into a competition, Rip nearly dominating until Rich grabbed his cock through his jeans and squeezed. When Rip yelped, Rich drove home his advantage, and Rip could barely breathe under Rich's skilled assault.

Rip tore his mouth away. "You're gay, too?"

"I don't use labels. And I don't bottom. You're my bitch, got it?" Rich buried his fists in Rip's hair and pulled him back into another kiss.

Rip banged the back of his head as he jerked away. "I'm not anybody's bitch, you bastard." Rich attacked his throat. Rip gave in, turning his head to give Rich better access. "But I'll let you fuck me."

"Get in the car." When Rip started toward the passenger side, Rich yanked him back. "The back seat, idiot. And drop your jeans."

"Jesus! What are we, a couple of high schoolers?"

"You want to fuck, or complain?"

"Asshole." Rip opened the door and climbed into the back seat. "Damn. This is fucking uncomfortable—"

Rich crawled in on top of him and pulled the door shut. "Shove your jeans down."

"You got any lube?"

"Motor oil."

Rip winced. "It'll have to do. Use plenty. It's been a while. And for fuck's sake, don't tear anything down there."

The sounds of their heavy breathing and the soft brush of moving clothes were a huge fucking turn on, Rip decided as he pushed Rich's shirt up and ran his hands over Rich's smooth, hairless chest, rubbing a nipple with his thumb and delighting in Rich's sudden intake of breath. Rip wedged his knees as far apart as he could to give Rich more room and hissed as a warm finger, slick with oil, slid into him. For all of Rich's hard talk, he was surprisingly gentle as he finger-fucked Rip open, and when he pushed his cock in, there was only an intense feeling of pressure and the hot, sexy glide of a hard length stretching Rip's ass. He shivered and grunted with approval.

"Fuck. You're tight." Rich began a slow, rocking pace, which was really all he could do in the tight confines of the Kyou's back seat. Rip reached for his cock and began to jerk himself off. He kissed Rich again, not quite so hard or violent, but still aggressive and sexy as hell. Rich's cock was a good size – not too big, but definitely not small – and he used it the way a cock was meant to be used, pushing deep inside Rip's ass and sending warm tingles through his balls.

"Shit," Rip whispered. "God, feels so good."

"Shut up." Rich claimed his mouth again and pushed in harder. Rip groaned as Rich brushed against his prostate, and his cock jerked in his hand.

"Right there."

Rich grunted and angled himself so that he could hit the sweet spot with every stroke.

The rhythm was perfect. Rip started to fly, losing himself in the hard thrusts of Rich's hips and the tight tunnel of his own hand, the sounds of heavy breathing and sticky, wet flesh slapping, the smell of Rich's sweat and the expensive cologne he was wearing. It had been a long time since he'd let another guy fuck him, and he knew he'd be sore as hell in the morning, but at the moment Rip didn't give a fuck, he just wanted Rich to keep shoving his hard cock into his ass until they both exploded.

Rich grunted again and his rhythm changed.

"Yeah. Fuck me." Sensations built in Rip's cock and balls and ass, and he quickened his own pace, his hand slippery with sweat as he jerked himself faster. "Gonna come."

A few more strokes, and his balls contracted. He strained his hips up as far as he could in the cramped quarters while Rich pounded into him, sweat dripping from his hair onto Rip's face. Rip came, coating his hand and Rich's stomach. Above him, Rich tensed and froze, and Rip could feel warmth flooding his insides.

God, he couldn't remember the last time sex had been so good.

Rich collapsed on top of him and they lay entwined, trying to catch their breath.

"Fuck. I think I strained my back," Rich finally muttered.

"It was good for me, too," Rip said in a sweet voice, then snorted with laughter. "Design the goddamned back seat better next time, asshole."

"Shut up. The guys who buy Kyous don't fuck their mistresses in the back of the fucking car, they fuck them in expensive spas and hotels." Rich carefully backed away and Rip felt his softened cock slip out of his ass. A warm dribble of leaking liquid followed. He grabbed his boxers.

"Your place or mine?" Rip asked, wiping himself clean.

"Mine. I don't like cockroaches."

"I don't have roaches, you fucker."

Rip was elated. It wasn't a one-shot. Rich wanted this, too.

And Rip was determined to keep him wanting it.