Things go wrong, then better, then way worse...or best?

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Raggedy, Chapter 3 (mF, Mf, mf, cons, inc, oral, preg, F-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Ann's period didn't arrive the next week either. She also wasn't 'helping' me anymore. She continued jogging, which had the unfortunate effect of making her look more attractive while she would have nothing to do with me sexually. We hung out, but she made it clear that we were just brother and sister again.

One night I went to her door but this time when I heard her crying I knew she was actually crying. I went back to my room.

Meanwhile, I had been unable to masturbate to completion, I was so worried about Ann's seeming pregnancy and where it left us. Even my favorite fantasy with Michelle seemed like a silly dream compared to the reality I had become used to.

"You okay, Andy?" Mom asked me at breakfast. I adjusted myself in my seat again. I couldn't tell her that my balls were so 'blue' that I couldn't sit still, so I just gave her a noncommittal grunt.

---

My mother came to my room one night after lights-out and sat on my bed. "Your teacher called to tell us you've really fallen behind. You wanna tell me what's going on?"

I shook my head and lay back.

My mother's eyes flicked to my persistent erection under the sheets. "I think I know what's wrong...your father had a similar problem when I was far along in my pregnancy and had no interest in sex. You haven't been masturbating?"

"Mom!"

"Well?"

My cheeks warmed up and I shook my head.

"You have to let it out or it'll hurt, Andy. Those little sperm factories between your legs got used to high output with Ann...you can't just stop 'cold turkey'. Do you need some inspiration? Your Dad could buy you some adult magazines."

My cheeks felt like they were on fire. My mother using Ann's keyword, 'inspiration', plus talking about sex and being pregnant had an odd effect on me. My eyes shifted to her tight-fitting blouse and she noticed.

She shrugged her shoulders back, pushing her chest out a little. "Maybe...maybe your old Mom can help?" She unfastened two buttons, revealing some cleavage and a little of her yellow bra.

"You're...you're not old, Mom." It was true...if I didn't know that my mother was in her mid-thirties, it would have been hard to determine her true age. She could have been Ann's older sister, really, though with makeup on she was actually prettier.

I could see her cheeks redden. "What a charmer...no wonder Ann couldn't keep her hands off of you."

At the mention of my sister again, my face darkened. Mom noticed. She unfastened her blouse entirely and pulled it off. "How's that? You think you can work with this?"

I stared at my mother's bra-clad breasts. They were pale and full...when I was a baby I had suckled on those. My hand unconsciously moved down between my legs.

"I'll leave you to it, then." She got up and headed toward the door.

"Wait."

She turned, one eyebrow arched.

"Can you...take off the bra?"

She stepped back. "This already went farther than I planned. Are you saying my cleavage isn't enough?" She eyed my tenting covers again.

"I...I got to see Ann's bare boobs all the time."

She tapped her lips. "That's true. Okay, I'll do it if you show me what you have under there."

I didn't question that...in a flash, the covers were off and my turgid erection was out in the cool night air.

Mom knelt down at the side of my bed, her eyes locked on it. "I think you're bigger than your father," she muttered, casually licking her lips. "Well, a deal's a deal." She reached back, unfastened the clip, and reached forward to catch the bra before it fell.

I heard a moan and realized it had come from me. Mom gave a small smile and slowly lowered the undergarment, revealing her large breasts. Like Ann's, they were topped by dollar coin-sized pale areolas, but Mom's nipples were thicker. I wondered if that was because of the breastfeeding...would Ann's look like that one day?

"We good? Or should I stick around for a few minutes?" She gave her boobs a little shimmy.

I moved my hand down and started stroking as I watched my mother's breasts jiggle. Mom couldn't seem to take her eyes off of my erection. I noted that her areolas seemed to be getting kind of...crinkly?

"Oh!" I gasped, and then I was cumming. The first burst arced up and splashed down onto my chest, then another and another, gradually reducing to a trickle that spilled onto my hand.

"Goddamn, no wonder she's knocked up," Mom commented. Then she realized what she had said and shook her head before getting to her feet. "Alright, Andy," she said as she put her bra back on, "hopefully this gives you something to remember for the future." She shrugged into her blouse and took one last look at the large puddle of semen on my chest. I saw the tip of her tongue slip out to wet her lips again. "I expect you to get all that missing schoolwork turned in quickly. Good night." Then she was gone.

---

A few days later, I caught sight of Mom doing some gardening. She was wearing some capri jeans and a flowery top that pulled up a bit as she bent down to pull weeds. For a woman who had birthed two kids, she was looking good.

But I hadn't found my Mom attractive before Ann had started up with me. Now that I was hot for my sister, who was still cold toward me, and with Mom looking so much like an older version of her daughter, it seemed that my preferences had evolved.

She noticed me looking and gave me a wave and a pretty smile. I waved back.

---

Almost a week after Mom 'inspired me', she joined me at bedtime again, this time wearing a flowing skirt. "I hear you've turned things around at school, Andy, so I'm here to help again." She unbuttoned her blouse.

"Does Dad know you're here?"

"Mm hm...he's with your sister right now."

"Oh?"

Mom pulled off her blouse to reveal that she wasn't wearing a bra underneath so I was looking at her pale, ripe breasts again. "She's having trouble sleeping so he's been giving her massages."

"Um...can I have a massage too? I've been working out with Dad's weights again, heavier ones now, and my arms and shoulders are sore."

"Hmm...okay, turn over."

I did so and she pulled back the covers to reveal my bare ass. She paused only a moment before I felt her legs on either side of my hips and she sat down just behind my buttcheeks. I could feel her bare legs on mine, so she must have billowed out her skirt before settling down. Then her warm hands were rubbing my shoulders.

"Mm..." I moaned. Mom seemed to be pretty good at that. As her fingers dug under my shoulder blades I could feel myself relaxing...well, other than that one part of my body that was now trapped under my stomach and rubbing against the cotton of my sheets as my mother shook the bed with her efforts. As she moved her hands to my upper arms I asked, "My pecs too?"

She stood up. "Turn over." I did so quickly and beheld my topless mother looking down at me, her face rosy pink, before she settled back down, not realizing that put her crotch right above mine. She quickly hopped back, startled by the intimate contact, and then looked down at what appeared to be her own erection tenting the light fabric of her skirt as it settled back around her legs. She snickered. "Well, that's not right." She leaned forward and began rubbing my chest. Over the last few weeks, my weight training had made my chest more defined, and when I wasn't staring at Mom's breasts swinging back and forth with her efforts, I noticed that she kept glancing down and nibbling her lower lip. This continued as she moved back to rubbing my arms. When she was done, she sat back and looked down at my cock poking up between her legs. She thought for a moment, took it in hand, and then started stroking it. "I've always wondered what it would be like to have one of these," she revealed as she masturbated 'her' dick.

When I started to thrust up into her hand, she stopped and dismounted. "You good?" she asked, and in answer I stroked my cock furiously until I groaned and painted my chest white.

She was moving to leave when I asked, "Mom? Can I get a kiss goodnight?"

She seemed distracted but came and gave me a peck on the cheek. I was pretty sure her hand touched my puddle of cum as she did so, but then she quickly headed back upstairs.

---

She came back a couple nights later in a blouse and capris. "Massage time!" she sing-songed as she pulled my sheets back, revealing my erection that had porked up in record time at the sight of her, a prettier, more mature version of my sister. She blushed. "Turn over."

I did so and she clambered astride my buttocks again. However, she immediately dismounted and removed her pants. "These aren't very stretchy," she explained as she sat back down to massage my back, her lower half clad only in her white panties.

"Mom? Aren't you gonna take off your top?"

"No, my boobs are feeling kind of sensitive tonight...is that okay?"

I nodded as her fingers dug into my tired muscles. Soon, she had me turn over to massage my chest, but as she settled astride my hips she didn't move back. In fact, as she rubbed my pecs, I could feel her panty-covered crotch rubbing along my length, barely at first, but as she moved to my arms she was definitely sliding back and forth along it. Her eyes were closed and I saw her nibbling her lower lip again. It was too much for me.

"Mom, I'm gonna..."

She continued moving upon me and then I was cumming. "UHH! Mom!"

Her eyes snapped open and she was off of me in a flash. The rest of my orgasm spurted onto my chest and stomach, but the initial blast...

Mom looked down, saw the mess I had made of her panties, and quickly pulled them down and off. She spread her legs and examined her thick tuft of fiery red pubes to confirm that none of my stuff had penetrated the fabric. The angle gave me a fantastic view of my mother's pudendum. Satisfied, she gave me a stern look. "Naughty boy."

"I tried to warn you..."

She considered. "I guess you did...well, goodnight, Andy." She gave me a quick but solid kiss that was half on my lips before she left.

---

The next day at breakfast, Ann had a funny, faraway look on her face. "You okay?" I asked her.

"Mm hm...just relaxed."

"Oh...did you get your period?"

Her face shifted back into that recently familiar frown. "No."

"Oh."

We all watched TV that night. My sister sat on the other side of Dad on the couch, relegating me to the La-Z-Boy. Ann and Dad seemed to be getting along well. I had a momentary weird feeling, but Dad was massaging her at night and Mom was massaging me...but was it just massaging for them, I wondered? But Mom was doing more than massaging me too, so...ugh, my head hurt.

Mom came to my room later than usual that night, her face dark. Before I could ask, she explained, "Your father and sister are fucking."

I knew it! "Are...are you sure?"

She pulled her blouse off to once again reveal her lack of bra. "I heard moaning and opened her door a little to find him pumping away between her legs...oh yes."

"Oh..."

Then Mom pulled her skirt off as well, quickly followed by her panties. She was entirely naked! "Well, turn over." I gulped and did so, and she settled her bare butt just behind mine before starting to massage my shoulders. Her massaging was more forceful than usual, almost painful. I gritted my teeth but didn't complain.

"Turn over."

I did and my eyes were all over Mom's voluptuous body as she settled back down. Like the previous night, her pubic area settled on the underside of my erection as it lay on my stomach, except this time she wasn't wearing panties. "Aren't...aren't you angry at Dad, Mom?"

She began rubbing my chest. "Angry...and frustrated." She started to rub her crotch along my length, also with more force than the previous night.

"I...I am too..." I told her.

She looked down at my turgid erection between her legs. "Oh, my handsome boy...I don't want to frustrate you." She considered for a long moment, reached down, lifted her hips, and then slid all of me inside her. We both gasped in pleasure.

"Fuck...you are definitely bigger than your father," she murmured as she began to ride me. "You have to tell me when you're gonna cum, Andy...promise me!"

I nodded...I'd have agreed to anything by that point. Mom's insides weren't as tight as Ann's but they were very warm, almost hot. I wondered, did every woman feel different inside?

Mom was moving faster upon me now, causing her breasts to sway. She grimaced and used one of her arms to hold them still. "Umm...still sore..." Then she opened her eyes wide, as if remembering something. "Uhh...Andy, you damn well tell me when you're close, you fucker."

I was surprised by Mom's swearing, but not so much that I got distracted from what was important. "I'm getting close..."

In a flash, she was off of me. Her head moved down to take my cock into her mouth.

"Oh! Momm..." My orgasm burst down her throat.

"Mmm!" she moaned as she gulped down my spend. "Nng! Hhn!" I heard her gasp, and I saw that she had one hand down between her legs, bringing her to her own release. Finally, she pulled off with a smack. "Delicious..." she sighed and lay her head on my thigh. Then she put on her serious face. "I don't know what I'm gonna do about your father and Ann. I don't want to destroy this family...we're already incestuous, so what's a little more, maybe?" She sat there, considering. "I'm going to give you some money tomorrow...go buy some condoms."

I nodded. Mom gave me a deep kiss goodnight and I tasted that salty flavor Ann had described.

---

When I woke in the morning, it was to the feeling of my naked Mom's hot insides surrounding my cock again. "Mom?"

"I'm sorry, Andy, but I'm sooo horny...your father's been focusing on Ann and hasn't touched me in days. You don't mind, do you?" She gave me a sexy smile.

I looked down at the voluptuous, sexy woman riding me. "Oh, no way! But I haven't had the chance to go get some condoms..."

"Just...tell me when you're close..." she suggested, "Oh, this is so dangerous right now..."

Thinking about how she seemed to forget what she was doing a few nights previous when I was going to cum, I suggested, "How about I get on top?"

She dismounted and lay back, her pale thighs wide in invitation. I was quickly back inside her ripe body.

"Oh yes, that's nice..." she moaned as I slammed into her. "Yes, yes..." I felt her legs wrap around my hips, allowing her leverage to buck up against me. Her eyes were closed now.

After a few more minutes of vigorous sex, I could feel the tingle starting. "Uh, Mom..."

"Not yet...almost there..."

I slowed my thrusts.

"No! Fuck me, fuuuck me!" Her legs tightened, holding me in place as she rammed her crotch into mine. "Almost...almost..."

"Mom! I'm gonna..."

Her eyes flew open but she wasn't looking at me but some imaginary point in the distance. "Yesss!" I felt her insides grip my cock hard, and with her legs locked behind me, there was nothing I could do.

"Ohhfuuuck, Mommm!" And then I was shooting my dangerous load right at the spasming entrance to her baby chamber.

"Ohgodddd!" she screamed and her body shook like she was having an epileptic fit, her insides feeling like they were a mouth, sucking my dangerous load deeper inside her.

Dad burst into the room. "What the fuck is going on in here?! Oh my God!"

Ann followed him in. "Andy!"

Mom's legs had finally let go and I pulled out. I turned to my sister. "What, Ann? You've been fucking Dad!"

The two of them looked at each other, both half dressed. They couldn't say anything in their defense...pot, meet kettle.

"Oh wow..." Mom groaned as she sat up. My load started dripping out of her pussy and she moaned at the sight of it. "Oh, no."

"I can't get Ann pregnant," Dad whined, "but you can knock up your mother! What were you thinking?"

"I tried to pull out but..."

"My fault," Mom said as she put one shaky hand on my shoulder, "I just get so sex-crazed when I'm fertile."

Dad held his head. "Oh shit..."

We all sat down and came up with a plan. Mom and Dad weren't actually married; they only pretended to be husband and wife. Therefore, there were no binding marriage vows to be faithful to each other, so the plan was to carry on, Dad with Ann and Mom with me. I never bought those condoms, since Mom was pretty sure that she was already pregnant from that massive insemination at the exact wrong (right?) time of the month, so we just kept having unprotected sex, and lots of it. This was long before 'morning after' pills, and neither of my parents believed in abortion. Ann moved into the upstairs bedroom with Dad and Mom came downstairs with me. My mother's next period didn't arrive for almost a year.

Dad decided to homeschool Ann for the last year of high school, since her pregnancy was getting obvious. He became her father, lover, and teacher. Since that kept him from working full time, I had to start at McDonald's in order to pay bills along with Mom's paycheck. Things got tight when she had to take maternity leave but we made it work.

---

I stepped into the steamy bathroom. "Gotta pee!"

I heard my sister sigh from the other side of the curtain. As I was washing my hands afterward, I heard the shower stop and she opened the curtain wide. "Thanks for not flushing."

My eyes flicked to the hazy sight of her body in the foggy mirror, looking more womanly after giving birth a few weeks previous.

"What're you lookin' at?" she chastised me with a small smile. Our relationship had improved over the last few months, and once she gave birth, it seemed that a weight had left her, quite literally.

I turned to her. Her breasts had grown, and the low-impact exercises she had recently started were helping her body 'bounce back' from giving birth. "You...you look good...you might even say inspirational."

She glanced down at my crotch. "Oh, I see." She stepped close and I could smell her soapy scent. "You know, Dad's lost interest in me since I gave birth."

My eyes roamed her womanly body. "Mom lost her sex drive too...too far along in the pregnancy, I guess." I unzipped and pulled out my hard cock.

Ann gazed at it and nibbled her lower lip, looking just like Mom, before turning, bending over and placing her hands on the counter. I could see her pussy lips were engorged and ready. I was quickly inside her.

"U-hh!" she moaned as I began to thrust. "We...we should be using a condom, don't you think?"

"Don't have any, and besides..." I reached around to squeeze her swollen breasts, feeling some warm milk dribble out onto my fingers, "I hear that you can't get pregnant while you're breastfeeding."

"I...uhh...think I heard that somewhere...oh wow...you're bigger than Dad..."

I gave her a winning smile in the mirror.

---

Krosis' home on the web: https://storiesonline.net/a/krosis-of-the-collective

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)