Jason Part 2
When I sat in my office reflecting on the events from the past
weekend I felt myself getting wetter and wetter with the thought
of him as I began rubbing my finger over my clit until the phone
rang. It was Jason inviting me to an early lunch. I told him I
would be bogged down for the next few days with meetings but
suggested he schedule an appointment through my secretary because
I was unsure how my schedule looked for the rest of the week. It
wasn't until Friday that I saw him again; he arrived at my office
as my 11:00. On this particular day I knew he would be coming and
I dressed for the occasion. Being in a position of power as a
Corporate Manager for my company my office was quite lavish
including such perks as a private office overlooking the
insurance capital of the world, Hartford, CT. He entered my
office prepared to leave for lunch and I suggested that we eat in
although the only thing I had in mind was him eating me. I walked
around to the side of my desk parallel to his chair and jumped up
to sit crossing my legs. The slit in my coatdress opened far
enough for him to see my red garter belt holding up my
silky-sheer stockings. I watched the rise in his pants grow
larger and larger as I thought I couldn't let him leave like
that, what will the people in the office think I am doing to my
clients. I hopped off the desk at that instant and unbuttoned the
bottom half of my dress far enough to straddle him across the
chair. He slid his hand up my dress and started fingering me and
kissing my neck. The feeling of him grinding against me and
fingering me gave me so much excitement that I came hard enough
to fill his hand with juices. I stood up with one heel on his leg
and one on the floor and removed my red lace thong, he put both
arms around my hips and dove his head into my pussy like he was
bobbing for apples, his hot thick tongue made me cum within
seconds. After I stood up to walk back around my desk he crept up
from behind as I felt the pressure of his hand on my upper back
forcing me to bend over my desk. My nipples pressed against the
cold oak caused a chill to pulsate through my whole body. He
spread my legs as if he was about to frisk me although I wish
that was all he wanted. He forcefully pulled up my dress and
unzipped his pants at the same time. I felt him slowly rub his
dick against my ass and without warning jolt it inside splitting
me in two right down the center. As he pressed it deeper and
deeper inside me he reached around the front of me and started
playing with my clit. The wonderful pain was too much to bear and
I started pulling my body toward the other end of my desk with my
nails digging deep into the oak. He felt me moving away and
grabbed both of my thighs and forced them back into his pelvis.
He put an arm around my waist and pulled my upper body up so that
it was standing even with his. With my heels still on we stood
the same height as he passionately sucked my neck and whispered
in my ear that this phat pussy is his. I tried to ease away from
him once more by sitting on his dick and throwing my heels on the
edge of my desk. The pleasurable pain was too much and I started
cussing him out telling him that I wanted him to fuck the shit
out of me, harder, harder, harder... He frantically jerked
grabbing for my hair and pulling it back so far that my head was
arched into his chest. As I slowly began to stand he threw both
arms around my waist jerked me back into him and came again. He
slumped back into the chair he had sat in earlier as I composed
myself. I bid him farewell and told him to schedule next week's
lunch with my secretary on his way out. I proceeded around my
desk, buzzed my secretary and told her I was ready for my one
o'clock appointment.


