Shower Girl
byhannsg©

Gym girl gets extra special telemedicine exam.

Chapter 1

This is a (COVID-19) related story and is partially fictional. So, don't freak-out, its virus free and non-contagious.

Like other parts of the country, I am on self-quarantine, everything of interest is closed until who know when. I discovered first-hand the disruption to normal living when I finally had to go out for groceries.

When I arrived at the grocery store, there was a small line waiting to get in. Yes, they were limiting the number of patrons so they could keep social distancing. The line moved fairly well, one out, one in. Fortunately, people were just getting necessities and getting out.

Once inside, I noticed a young woman from the gym who usually exercises on the elliptical machine in front of me. She usually comes in with her husband, a military guy. I can't say we actually know other; over the year we may have spoken to each other a handful of times.

A week before the gym closed, I noticed that her husband wasn't with her. I asked, and she said they deployed him for a while, so she would come solo for a while. About the only other thing I knew about her was her name was Janene and she was a grade school teacher and wasn't from this area. Not that I didn't want to get more information, but she didn't open up much.

Janene waved at me from the produce department, I did the customary wave back and continued shopping. She checked out before me, so surprised me when I found her outside waiting. Keeping a safe social distance is awkward when trying to have a conversation, but she started talking.

"Bob, can you help me, as you know my husband deployed and I am all alone here."

"Sure Janene," Thinking she needed help with the grocery bags.

"Bob, I desperately need a place to shower, my apartment complex is having water problems. The manager can't seem to get a plumber to come and fix it. First, it was the hot water went then all the water stopped, it may work for a few minutes then stop. I almost got a cold shower, but the water quit while I was all soaped up, when it came back on it was brown water."

"I don't know any plumbers, I'm not sure how I can help."

"Could I come to your house and take a shower?"

Janene is a young, attractive trim woman with a nice firm ass, at least from my viewing perspective at the gym. I would like to help her, but immediately I can hear my wife's voice in my head saying NO way.

After a long pause, "Ok, I'm sure my wife won't object."

As soon as those words came out, I knew I had committed to something that my wife would object to.

"Janene, give me your phone number and I'll text you our address."

Chapter 2

Later that day she called, "Bob, the situation is worse now, I need to leave my apartment because several tenants have tested positive for the virus. I'm scared... what do I do?"

"What do you mean you need to leave, are you infected?"

"No, but several of my neighbors have tested positive, and now quarantined in place. My husband suggested that I leave for a while to be safe."

"Did he suggest any place to go?"

"No, I can't go back home because my parent's town was locked down and I can't go to where my husband was deployed. Please help me, I don't know anyone else in this area to ask."

"Ok, we have a spare bedroom, so you can come over."

"Thank you so much, I'll bring my groceries and I have my own toilet paper."

My wife almost went ballistic when I told her that Jenene needs more than a shower, she needs to stay for a short time until her apartment complex gets fixed. I was hesitant to mention that several of her neighbors had tested positive for the virus, but for our own health I had to mention it. I downplayed the health risks, but my wife said she would call her friend who was nurse to get some advice.

Her fiend Angelia is a dental hygienist, not a nurse, but I would not stir the pot.

"Angelia said we can contact a doctor, she knows and he can do a telehealth video check to check your friend."

"Carol, I called the doctor to find out how for us to do this safely. He told me, your guest should take off all her clothes, leave them outside in a plastic garbage bag. She should go directly to the shower, shower with bacterial soap if you have it, then contact me for a telehealth check. If she passes the health check then she is safe to be with you. You should wash her clothes with a small amount of bleach to kill any germs, before she can use them."

Jenene arrived at the front door, I told her to use the garage entrance. I printed out the doctor's instructions and taped them to the inside garage door.

She knocked on the inside garage door, "Bob, y'all can't be serious with these instructions, I can't do this."

"Janene, this is Bob's wife, Carol. Those instructions are from a doctor, we don't want to get contaminated with the virus. If you can't follow those instructions, then you can't stay here, sorry."

Several minutes later she knocks on the door, "Ok, I have stripped, can I come in?"

"Everything? Including your underwear and shoes?"

"Yes, I'm standing here completely naked."

"Ok, I will open the door, walk straight ahead and down the hall to the bathroom on the right. Everything is there, special antibacterial soap and towel. When you finish come out to the living room and we will contact the doctor."

"Carol, Bob will not see me naked, will he?"

"Janene, I sent Bob to his office in the back room, he will not see you."

Carol opened the door and moved out of the way so Janene could go directly to the shower. She then sprayed Lysol on the door handle and picked up the garbage bag with Janene's clothes and put them in the washer. She wanted to separate everything, but she reminded herself it was about sanitizing.

Janene finished and walked back to the living room as instructed with a towel wrapped around her. The towel wasn't large enough to cover her top and bottom at the same time. She opted to cover her breasts.

Carol extended her hand, but then remembered about the new greeting, "Hi, I'm Carol. Sorry about the extreme precautions, but doctor's orders."

"Thanks Carol, I know this is an imposition, but I am out of options and scared out of my mind. Especially with my husband deployed to god know where."

"Janene, we will call the doctor and go through your telehealth exam, just to put us both at ease."

Carol tried to get the telehealth doctor on her iPad, but could not make the connection. In desperation she had to call me to help, "Bob, I can't get this frigging iPad to work, can you help?"

I entered the living room to find both Janene and Carol tapping all over the iPad, a total violation of virus protocols. "Hey, ladies step away, I'll do it after I wipe the screen with an alcohol wipe."

I typed in the number, and the doctor was live on the screen in seconds. Clad in a white lab coat and a face mask, he certainly looked like he was adhering to the proper protocols.

"Hello, I'm doctor John Hopkins. I take it the woman in the towel is the patient. Please have her come closer to the iPad so I can see her better." Speaking in an Indian accent.

Janene moved closer to the iPad to satisfy the doctor.

"Thank you, I need to take your vitals, Carol do you have the thermometer I requested?"

"Yes, doctor and I have the pulse oximeter and blood pressure machine you wanted."

We have a number of medical devices left over from taking care of Carol's dad for years.

"First Carol, put on exam gloves then take her blood pressure and put the pulse oximeter on her index finger."

"Blood pressure 120/65 and pulse ox 98."

"Good, good.... Now take her anal temperature."

"Janene, bend over so I can take your temperature."

"Whoa, wait a minute, you're not sticking that in my ass!"

"Janene, it's the best way to get an accurate temperature. One of the first symptoms of the virus is an elevated temperature." Said the doctor.

Janene relented and bent over the living room chair, her pale white ass exposed.

Just as Carol was about to insert the thermometer, the doctor's voice commanded me to hold the iPad so he could see her ass. Then told Janene to use her hands to spread her ass cheeks to take it easier for Carol to insert the thermometer.

Jenene's asshole puckered in anticipation of the foreign object inserted. Not only was her ass on display, her labia were also visible.

After an initial gasp, Jenene's ass accepted the thermometer. The doctor cautioned Carol to leave it in for a full two minutes.

"98.4, doctor," called out as Carol read the temperature.

"Ok, that's good. Janene, we have to start at the top and continue to check you. Carol, can you take a tongue depressor and look inside her throat? Bob, can you move iPad so I can see, can you shine a flashlight inside so I can see better?"

"Ok, good... I don't see any inflammation. Now Janene, you need to remove the towel so we can do a breast exam."

"Breast exam? What do my breasts have to do with a virus?"

"The virus can exhibit many symptoms and could be dormant in several areas. If your breasts are showing any fluid leakage, that can be an early indicator. If there is any fluid, we can take a sample and have it analyzed."

Janene looked bewildered, "I guess that's ok, but does Bob have to see my breasts?"

"I understand Janene, but Bob has to hold the iPad while Carol examines your nipples. Bob will keep his eyes closed if that helps."

After Janene removed the towel from her breasts, "Carol, I need you to palpate her areolas. If you feel anything unusual, stop so I can see."

Carol carefully palpated her and found nothing to report.

"Next you will pull her nipples like you are trying to milk her, looking for any sign of fluid leakage. If there is any stop and take a sample so, we can have the lab analyze it. Bob, you have to move the iPad closer so I can get a closeup of her nipples."

I obliged the doctor and moved closer to Janene's nipples. I watched them harden as Carol pulled and twisted; I believe she was getting aroused. She didn't notice I didn't have my eyes closed.

This went on for several minutes, I think Carol was enjoying playing with her nipples and could have gone on longer, but the doctor said that was enough since there was no fluid.

"Last step Janene, I have to do a pelvic exam. There could be signs in your vagina. Set in the chair, then I want you to move your labia apart and Carol will use a tongue depressor to hold open your labia majora so I can see your cervix. Bob, needs to shine a flashlight in so I can get a clear view."

When she removed the towel, her blonde pubic hair was trimmed in a small neat triangle stopping just above her pussy. I expected her to object at this further invasion of her body, but she complied out of fear of being contaminated.

So, picture this, my wife has a tongue depressor in a strange woman's pussy with me holding an iPad and shining a flashlight in her. Never in a million years would I ever thought this would happen.

"Carol, move the depressor to your right...now to the left... Now I want you to pull back the clitoral hood, the small flap of skin at the point where the inner lips meet."

Janene let out a gasp as Carol exposed the clitoris and when she touched it with the tongue depressor, she thrust her hips forward and moaned.

Carol stopped immediately thinking she had hurt her, "Sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you."

The doctor interjected, "Yes, hmm ... the clitoris is swelling... that's a good sign. Ok ... all done. I don't see any signs of a virus."

We all collectively let out a sigh of relief, before the doctor continued, "However you should to take her temperature for the next two days, just a cautionary procedure. If her temperature does rise over 99, call me back."

In unison, we thanked the doctor and closed the iPad session.

Janene look at Carol, "Well you know me inside and out now."

"I'm sorry we had to put you through this exam, but the doctor said it was for all of our safety."

Janene said, "I guess there is no rush to put on my clothes now, I have no secrets now."

"Janene, if you sit on the furniture, please sit on the towel." Carol said casually, as if that was a normal thing to say.

A naked Janene went to the living room picture window, shocking Carol as she stood naked in plain view surveying the neighbor.

"Janene, would you like a tour of the house?"

She accepted and Carol showed her around each room including the guest room until she reached the back covered patio. Janene, admired Carol's flower garden as flowers were emerging. Absent mindedly, Carol suggested that Janene go out and take a closer look, forgetting that she was naked.

"Wow, the sun feels so good," as she stood in the backyard.

"Carol, you should try this, being naked outside feels so free and natural."

Carol offered no response. Carol just stared at Janene's young, trim naked body as she walked around her backyard.

When they finally came back in Carol yelled, "Bob, can you put Janene's clothes in the dryer, I forgot all about them."

I expected Janene to ask for her suitcase still setting in the garage so she would have clothes, but she seemed to be content to stay naked. Later, Carol suggested that I spray her suitcase with Lysol and bring it into the guest room.

Carol surprised me with her reaction to Janene walking around naked. I thought she would have a problem with me ogling a strange naked young woman, but I think she enjoyed seeing her that way herself.

"Carol, I hope y'all don't mind but I think I'll go to the guest room and lay down for a while."

Carol used that opportunity to have a private conversation with me in the kitchen, "Bob, did that doctor sound familiar to you?"

"Familiar, like whom? ... we don't know anyone with an Indian accent let alone a doctor."

"I found it strange he knew to call you by name, you didn't tell him your name on the call."

"My Skype id is bob32, maybe that's how."

"I also found it strange when he went to a pelvic exam and the nipple inspection was a little suspect. Not that I didn't mind doing it, but it seemed strange." Said Carol with a raised eyebrow.

"Well, you had to admit he was thorough, and I feel very confident about her health now, and it was for our safety."

Later that evening at diner Janene appeared in a light robe that barely covered her nakedness.

"Carol, I'm sorry I'm putting y'all out and thank you for getting a doctor to give me a health check. I didn't want to bring any germs with me."

"You welcome, it's the least we could do for you."

Janene's robe kept opening providing me with a view of her tits. Carol chose this time to ask about her apparent lack of embarrassment with nudity.

"Carol, I love being naked, when I'm at home I don't wear clothes, I like the freedom of being naked. If I could, I would go to the gym naked. I am not ashamed by my body, but I could stand to lose a few pounds."

"Well, we have no problem with your being naked, do we Bob?"

All I could do was to nod in the affirmative, for fear of choking on my mouthful of food.

As they cleared the table, I went out to the garage to make a phone call.

"Carl, or should I say Dr. John? What were you doing? All you were supposed to do was to take her temperature and Ok her."

"Bob, I couldn't resist once I saw that body. I wanted to explore her in every detail, you can't tell me you didn't want to see those tits. I only wished I could have made a house call."

"Carol would have made you in an instant. She still was suspicious but went along thinking you were a real doctor. She will kill you if she ever finds out."

In his Indian accent, "What you have doubts about Dr. John?"

"Best April fool's joke ever, buddy, But Angelia will castrate you if she finds out you were taking advantage of a young girl at her best friend's house."

"Good point, I will not tell anyone about it, you can't either or Carol will neuter you too."

When I came back in Carol asked, "Bob who were you calling?"

"Just a friend from the bowling league."

"You know Bob, I have been thinking about the telehealth doctor and Janene's exam. I think I should get him to give me an exam, just to be safe."

"Are you experiencing any symptoms?"

"No, but he did such a through exam, but I want to make sure. He should examine you too, after all you have been out shopping."

