TRACY, KAREN AND I COMPETE FOR CUM

PART TWO

When I won $124 million in a lottery, my life changed completely. The power of money can open many doors. As a bald and podgy 55 year-old man whose wife had left him for a younger man, there seemed little hope of anything else. But the windfall proved to be the magic wand. I married my office boss Tracy, 25 years old; Tracy was a bombshell, over six feet tall, buxom and well-proportioned with firm and bouncy tits and legs that seemed endless; her naked, snow-white body laid out and spread drove me crazy. We went on a luxurious world cruise and then settled down into our villa with two outdoor swimming pools, a heated indoor pool and staff complement that included a butler, maids, a gardener, pool-boy and personal trainer for Tracy. 

Tracy whiled away most of her time spending loads of cash and going out with her girlfriends. I took care of the administration and investments to continue financing her life-style, but then hired Karen to take over the reins of administration.

Karen had worked with us in the office, she was plain looking but a perfect bitch with loads of sex appeal, and Tracy's sworn enemy. She put Tracy on a budget and later exposed her to me as my wife was having steamy and sex-drenched affairs with our gardener, her personal trainer and the pool-boy. 

I was jealous and angry, but not at Tracy. Rather at the cocks she was enjoying. It turned on my bi-sexual side. I ordered Karen to organise orgies for us and the first one was a sizzling success, the three of us getting a more than fair share of cocks and cum. 

The leader of the six-male (and we three, that is Tracy, Karen and I) orgy pack was an alpha male named Markus. At the end of the orgy, Tracy and Karen fell into each others' arms (like comrades who have seen action). Their cum-drenched bodies mingled and intertwined as they shared the splodges of between them. Karen took Tracy off to the shower after having made me promise that from now onwards she would be entirely responsible for Tracy.

In the days following our first orgy, there were organisational changes, starting from the very first night. To be honest, the sizzling activity and the excitement of jerking off six massive cocks over Tracy's face, and then following Karen's order to give Tracy a final fuck, our bodies slithering in massage oil and cum, had tired me out completely. My mind was numb.

It became number that evening when Karen announced that Tracy was bedding down with her for the night, and Tracy nodded agreement. In the office these two had been sworn enemies. When I employed Karen as my administrative PA, Tracy had rebelled and became even more rebellious when Karen put her on a budget allowance. This was certainly a turn of events.

I just nodded feebly as Karen took Tracy by the waist, reached up on tip-toe and planted a wet kiss on her lips. Their bodies entwined and left me wondering how they could want more sex after the day's sizzling adventures. Above all, how an intense and filthy sexual encounter had turned them from sworn enemies into close friends!

Even from her office days, Karen had been an ambitious and all-powerful bitch. Through eavesdropping and whispering as much damage as she could about her rivals she had quickly risen in the administration ranks and in no time at all was Administration Manager, at 40 years old only one of two women in the managerial ranks.

The other was Tracy, at 25 the Accounts Manager. Theoretically they should have been close friends and worked closely together. They were far from that. Tracy detested Karen's bitchiness and Karen was deeply jealous of Tracy's fabulous height and sexually stimulating figure. They did as much as they could to thwart each other through non-cooperation and creating difficulties for each other.

Yet now here they were, the 40-year-old Karen, my live-in PA and administrative assistant, and 25-year-old Tracy, my wife and a pronounced nymphomaniac, kissing each other on the lips and embracing as if they were lifelong lovers.

That evening, as sure as Karen's words had said, Tracy did not sleep in our marital bed. The two disappeared into Karen's bedroom and I heard the key turn in the lock ensuring they would not be disturbed.

I spent a mostly sleepless night, largely enflamed by the flashbacks of the actions during the day's orgy, besides constantly wondering at what could have been going on in Karen's bedroom. I had never suspected that either of them had a bisexual side, but I could have said that of myself a few weeks ago.

Winning that lottery sweepstake had certainly turned my life over. Less than a year earlier, at 55 I had almost given up living, facing an old age of boredom with no prospects and no future. My only sexual activity was regular masturbation featuring Tracy who then was my senior, my Accounts Manager.

Now, I wanted for nothing, living a life of unbelievable luxury after my money had lured Tracy to become my wife and having employed Karen as my PA. From almost zero sexual activity I had now progressed to a situation where moral inhibitions counted for nothing at all.

Although only six months married, I had forgiven Tracy her infidelity with the gardener, her personal trainer and the pool-boy (after Karen had snitched on her). My bisexual side had fully emerged and there was no doubt I had tremendously enjoyed the orgy of intense cock-sucking and finally jerking off the six guys over Tracy, plastering her face and tits with lashings of hot cum. 

Now I was getting a kick out of knowing that Tracy and Karen were in bed together, undoubtedly pleasuring each other, despite the hours of sexual activity earlier in the day during the fantastic orgy. Many a time I was tempted to storm towards Karen's bedroom, bang the door down and demand to know what they were doing. But, as usual, my sexual perversion gained the upper-hand.

My cock was stirring again as I fantasised about Tracy and Karen making deep and intense love, sucking on each others' clit, fondling each others' tits and making each other cum. I was rock solid and had to jerk off. Only after that did I get some sleep.

The next morning I expected to see both of them at the breakfast table, but only Karen appeared. Despite the tiredness in her eyes, and the sluggishness of her movements, there was a twinkle of satisfaction, achievement and amusement in her eyes.  

"Had a good night?" she asked cheekily.

I nodded. "And you?"

Karen smirked. "We had a great night - not much sleep though". The undoubted triumph in her voice irked me.

"Is Tracy coming down for breakfast?"

"No - she's sleeping in late. I'll take her some breakfast. I hope last night was ok with you..." There was a note of caution in her voice. She knew that their night of sex intrigued me enormously, but she was making sure not to be over-enthusiastic and get me irked into taking a hasty decision.

"Karen, I don't mind Tracy spending nights with you. I also love the idea of you taking complete charge of her. But I want to be informed. I want to know what's going on. I don't want things happening behind my back".

My PA looked at me closely. Our eyes met. A note of sincerity had crept into her attitude.

"Alfred, you don't have to worry. Nothing is going on behind your back. To the contrary, you know what's going on. Since I've been working here I have come to realise what a sensual and sexual person you are. You have enormous fantasises and I am making them happen for you, I am playing them out in reality. Be honest, have you enjoyed the last 24 hours, the orgy, you fucking Tracy after those six guys had cum all over her, my taking Tracy to bed with me - have you enjoyed all that?".

I nodded solemnly. It was true. Karen was making all my fantasies come true.

"Then leave everything to me. I'll start work on organising the next orgy and in the meanwhile I'll keep Tracy under my charge. She needs discipline and training and only I can do that. You've heard of the expression "loose cannon", not knowing where it will fire next? Well, Trace has a loose and itinerant cunt. You never know where she is going to use it next because she's an insatiable nymphomaniac. You're too soft and too much in love with her to control her yourself".

I nodded again. She was right in everything.

"Now, I'll tell you what the plan is. There's an international postage stamp exhibition in London this week, starting tomorrow. Why don't you take a week off in London, visit the exhibition and conference and generally relax. When you return, you'll get a great surprise, and you'll love it....I promise you".

I had been a collector of postage stamps since I was a boy. My new wealth had put me in the healthy position of expanding my collection and since employing Karen to take over the administration of the villa and finances, I spent most of my days in my study cataloguing my collection which had now reached vast proportions.

I didn't agree immediately. Being away a whole week and leaving everything in Karen's hands perturbed me. Could I trust her? She sensed my indecision.

"Alfred, like I told you, you don't have to worry. Look forward to a wonderful surprise when you return. I'll tell you what, if it makes your mind rest easier, instruct your bankers that during this week they're not to authorise any financial transactions without your approval. I'll make sure that Tracy calls you two or three times a day so you can keep in touch. I'll get a web-cam and you can communicate with her via your laptop".

She leant over me and gave me a long, lingering kiss on the lips. 

"Remember, you now have a wife and a mistress but instead of squabbling, the three of us are living in harmony".

I met Tracy for lunch, just the two of us. Tracy looked radiant, relaxed and happy. She gave me a hot hug and was animated and affectionate throughout the lunch. I had never known her to be so easy-going and so totally relaxed and it was wonderful. It made me feel good and made me feel easier about flying off to London for a week.

To be quite honest, I did have some uneasy moments during the week. But Karen was as good as her word. Tracy called me regularly and in the evenings we spent time chatting on web-cam. Everything seemed in order. The Ritz Hotel was comfortable and luxurious and I highly appreciated the value of having money. 

I was sorely tempted to have an evening out in a red light area, to pick up a cheap street slut and use her for the evening, but thought better of it. It would have been difficult to get her into the Ritz, and I would be exposing myself to possible blackmail. After all, a street slut had street moral values. I also considered a plush escort girl with all the trimmings of luxury, but got cold feet for that too. The safest thing to do was fantasize about our orgy, about Tracy being fucked by Karen and to masturbate over these mental scenes.

That made me realise that had it not been for Karen, my sexual side would not have undergone the revolution it was going through. I had great fantasies but did not have the guts to make them happen. Karen had to do that for me. She was not only administering my household and finances but she was also running my sexual side. I had never guessed that was so powerful.

The week passed quickly and I returned home to be met by Karen in our hall-way. Tracy was nowhere to be seen and that made me apprehensive. I expected that she would at least be around to welcome my home-coming.

"Where's Tracy?" I asked tersely.

"All in good time and she'll be along soon enough". Karen was calm, composed and confident.

"There have been some changes". Karen said it casually, but her casualness put me freshly on edge.

"What changes?" I asked, again tersely.

Karen put out a forefinger and motioned it to mean follow me. I followed her. We went upstairs towards the bedrooms area and entered the marital bedroom. The sight of the changes astounded me. The double-bed had been changed to an enormously wide orgy bed just a few inches above floor level. But that wasn't the greatest change.

One side of the wall, the side adjacent to the next bedroom, had been re-constructed to include a large mirror. Karen beckoned me towards the wall mirror. It was a two-way arrangement as I looked into the next bedroom, also fitted with a new and large orgy bed.

"That's Tracy's and my bedroom. You can view us whenever you want and see what we're up to. And look..." She motioned a finger and pointed out the en suite bath, shower room and toilet next door. It was also in the focus of the two-way mirror. "You can even see us showering and whatever...Like it?"

My cock jerked in my pants. What a wonderful idea. I could be a voyeur to whatever was happening between them. I would even be privy to their private toilet moments. Everything would be in full view.

"Wow. Yes, yes" I said eagerly. "That's really fantastic. Wow!"

Karen left my side and went into the bedroom next door and waved. She was in full view, just as if she had never left my side. The effect was fantastic. She motioned me into the next bedroom. I entered and reached out and put my hand around her waist and pulled her towards me. After a week of abstinence, and now this, I was hot beyond imagination.

But she pulled away. 

"Have a proper look around".

My eyes focussed in the soft lights. The walls of the room had been decorated with various massive framed pictures. Over the bed where Karen slept with Tracy was a large painting of a phallus with a large throbbing cock-head painted in vivid red and three dimensional so that it did appear to be throbbing.

The rest of the pictures were scenes from the Kama Sutra, skilfully done in oils. At the foot of the bed was an enormously large plasma screen connected to a large deck dvd player and two digital cameras that focussed over the bed. Tracy and Karen could view their love-making or could view any film they wanted to see, from the comfort of their bed.

My breath exhaled sharply. This bedroom was the epitome of sexual relaxation.

Karen sensed my pleasure. She put up a hand.

"This is only a small part of the changes". She clicked her mobile phone.

"Tracy? You can come over now. We're upstairs in the bedrooms". There was an undoubted smirk of satisfaction over Karen's face. I heard footsteps on the stairway. If this was Tracy coming, she was not alone.

The next few moments were simply amazing. Tracy came into view. She seemed taller than ever on a pair of extremely high-heeled shoes. There was more nakedness than clothing about her body. She was wearing a trashy, vivid flamingo pink halter-neck and a black mini skirt that was so short and skimpy that her very walking movements revealed a thin strip of red panty wedged into her cunt.

I gasped. She was dressed just like a street slut, a common prostitute and whore, like the ones found hanging around street corners. There was more. Her brown curly hair had been crimped and gelled and dyed black, so that her facial features emerged more fully under a head of gelled hair fringes that gave her a punk and gothic look. A stud had been put into her nose and another one in her lower lip. On her ear lobes she had two large, dangling ear rings.

With several wardrobes piled with the most expensive of clothing, Tracy stood there in her cheap and sordid rags that would have cost just a handful of dollars bought off a common street market stall - and she looked fantastic!

"My God" I groaned.

And behind her stood Markus, the alpha male who had led the six-cock orgy that we had enjoyed. He looked enormous and menacing, standing as tall as Tracy, his well-proportioned physique rippling with hard and muscular work-outs. I remembered the size of his enormous and vicious-looking cut cock that I had hand-jerked over Tracy's face.

"Markus is now Tracy's personal trainer. He's living in so he'll always be around when we want him. You can use him too". She said this firmly and with emphasis, and I knew what she meant. Dreamily I remembered his hair-clustered and muscular naked body, covered in tattoos, chains and studs, the cruel cut of his leering lips.

`He's just given Tracy a good work-out".

Markus nodded and pushed Tracy towards me, like she was a mere piece of meat.

"She likes it hard buddy". His deep voice resonated in the silence. "But I've got her measure, hard and frequent. She's insatiable". He chuckled and rubbed his hands, causing ripples throughout his arm muscles.

Tracy moved towards me to give me a welcome hug and kiss, but Karen intervened.

"There's more. Get naked". Her order to Tracy was brusque, commanding. Tracy unclipped her skirt and threw off her halter neck and did a little pirouette, just like a ballet dancer.

I gasped again.

Across one ass cheek she had a tattoo that read "Karen" in bold, smouldering, blood-red lettering. Around her left upper-leg she had a circular chain tattoo in shades of green and on her right shoulder and upper back a black rose on a red stalk. Her body looked toned and radiant, no doubt the result of prolonged sexual activity and physical work-outs.

"I've branded her proclaiming ownership, making her my property". Karen ran a finger over the tattoo "Karen" name. The tattoos radiated brilliantly in contrast to the sheer snow whiteness of Tracy's skin.

The whiteness was blotched and blemished by a myriad of bruises and bites that had left deep purple stains in the whiteness of her body. She had been roughly used and abused. Was that Karen's work, or was it Marcus?

"What's more..." Karen's fingers probed open Tracy's ass cheeks revealing a round and pink hole, "...I've had Markus concentrate his work on her ass hole this week. She's nicely opened up there but still suitably tight".

Marcus chuckled. "Yeah, you bet, she just loves me to give it to her in there. That's where I just had her a few minutes ago.

Karen frowned and motioned Marcus away. 

"Don't ever forget, she's on loan to you for short periods. I'm her owner. You can go now".

Marcus nodded humbly, a remarkable feat for such a large and physically powerful man. He turned on his heels and walked off, leaving me wondering at the amount of power that Karen had come to wield in such a short period of time.

Amidst all this Tracy stood silently, displaying her magnificent body as if she were a show piece, a prize feature in an exhibition. This was my wife, owned by another woman, ass-fucked by a brute of a man, covered in the bites and bruises of concentrated sexual abuse and now standing submissively, not before me her husband, but before her mistress and owner, Karen.

"I guess you need a few moments on your own". She took Tracy's hand and symbolically handed her to me. "She's been well-used this week, thoroughly broken in. You'll find her pliant and flexible. I've had Markus working on her by day, but it's the night time she likes when I take her to my bed". She took Tracy by the waist and pressed her body to hers, giving her a long and passionate kiss on the lips.

My cock wanted to explode. I had been masturbating all week, but this was the real thing. Karen walked away as I took Tracy into the bedroom.

There was a momentary silence as we looked each other in the eye and then my own eyes roved over Tracy's naked body, noting the sheer whiteness of her flesh and the blotched motley of bruises and bites that pock-marked it. She seemed to be remarkably fit and radiant.

Then Tracy spoke.

"Alfred, are you comfortable with all this?" 

I nodded.

"It is what you wanted of me?"

"Yes, yes it is. You look lovely, really lovely and so sexy".

Tracy smiled sweetly. "I feel lovely and sexy thanks to you. We were doing fine on our own, but you need to understand that I need a lot of sex, a lot of loving. As Marcus said, I'm insatiable. The sex between us was good (it wasn't really, she was just saying that), but you have to understand that I'm young, much younger than you and we have different needs".

I understood what she was trying to say. A sole relationship between us could not have lasted long. The alternative would have been that she would have sought sex elsewhere (as in fact she had done), and that could have led to the break up of our relationship. Now that we had understood and appreciated each other's needs, our relationship was back on solid grounds.

"I am grateful for all that you were doing for me. I was nothing and you made me a millionaire's wife. Now I am really grateful because I have everything I need". She leant down and kissed me on the lips, a wet and salacious kiss, full of allure and mischief. I could taste Karen and Marcus on her lips. I wondered whether her ass-hole was still wet and tingling from the huge and vicious cock that Marcus had thrust inside her.

"Does Marcus cum in your ass-hole?" I asked, excitedly. She nodded.

"Has he just shot his cum in your ass-hole?" She nodded again.

I went down on my knees as my hands parted her bouncing ass cheeks. I gave her ass hole a good licking, picking up the strains of the remnants of cum that Marcus had left.

"And have you been well-fucked this week?" She nodded vehemently. 

I moaned. I was mere putty in her hands. She stripped me naked and made me lie on my back on the bed. Her thick red lips enveloped my cock, one hand lifted my balls and one finger pressed into the base of my scrotum so that the pressure hardened my cock even further. Her other hand wandered over my naked body, pinching my nipples and my arm-pits. I just lay there and moaned, following her body movements on the large wall mirror.

The effect of her skilled sucking on my cock was electric. I was so hard it hurt as electric-like sensations ran up and down my cock and as I heard the squelchy sounds of the spittle she was depositing and enveloping around my cock.

I could not last long, as much as I tried to hold back. Within minutes my cock seemed to go numb with vibrant sensations and then I went over the edge like plunging from a great height into a precipice. My cock exploded under the pressure of the bursting red lips as a cascade of cum spewed out from my cock-head, frothing fiercely as it mingled with Tracy's spittle. My whole body vibrated and gyrated as Tracy pinned me firmly to the bed, leaving me to squirm under her grip.

It was the best suck off I had ever had.

End of Part Two...to be continued				28th July 2007 
PHOENIX46  


     
  

