Summary: A young man is wrongly sent to a reform school, and gets some valuable education there.
Keywords: F/M, spank, femdom, enema
Author: Rick_oh
Title: The R Chronicle

The R Chronicle [F/M spank enem]

The young man entered the screening room and Kate, the escort, locked 
the door.

"Hey Alicia, we've got a new one," Amber exclaimed as she put her 
magazine down and got up.

"About time," Alicia piped up, "It's been too quiet here lately."

"Remove all your clothes now," the blond-haired Amber directed the 
new inmate, who will be referred to by the initial R.  He hesitated, 
and looked first at one, then the other, of the women in crisp white 
uniforms.  Kate was seated with a bored expression on her face.

"Come on," Alicia snapped.  "Everything comes off!"

R began to remove his clothes while Amber placed a cylindrical 
bolster pillow at the center of the padded examination table.  When 
all his clothes were off, Alicia directed, "Now get up here on the 
table, face down.  The pillow will raise your hips for the 
procedure."  Alicia and Amber put on some disposable latex gloves as 
the new arrival, feeling humiliated, meekly climbed onto the 
examination table.  He wondered why he had to be positioned with his 
bottom prominently displayed.  Amber placed a gob of water-soluble 
lubricant on the end of a rectal thermometer.

"We're going to take your temperature now," she stated as she 
expertly spread his nether cheeks apart.  He gasped at the coolness 
of the lubricant when Amber quickly inserted the thermometer.

"Who is his prefect?" Asked Amber as she held the thermometer in 
place, intermittently rotating it.

"Natanya, I think," answered Alicia.

"Oh, is she back yet from her honeymoon?"

"I saw her yesterday.  Didn't talk to her, though."

Amber giggled. "That means that she'll give this new one his welcome 
spanking."  She held the thermometer in place for a couple of minutes 
and withdrew it.  "Ninety-eight point four," she announced to Alicia. 
 "A little cool, but I dare say Natanya will take care of that 
problem!"

They both laughed, after which Alicia told R to stay where he was.  
Over the next few minutes he heard the sounds of running water, 
cupboard doors opening and closing, stirring, and some sounds that he 
couldn't identify.

"Next on your agenda, young man," Alicia stated, "is a couple of 
soapsuds enemas.  Have you ever had an enema?"

"Uh... I guess I had a few when I was a kid," he responded, 
embarrassed at the nature of the question.  "It's been quite a 
while."

"Well, we're going to make up for all that lost time while you're 
here at this school.  I've got a lot of experience at giving enemas.  
Every student gets some now and then, but Natanya likes her 
'students' to have a couple of good ones before AND after she 
disciplines them. That means you're in for a good cleaning out 
today."

Amber brought an adjustable stand upon which the full enema bag was 
suspended, and placed it alongside the examination table.  "Time for 
the first enema now," she told him as she smoothed some lubricant on 
the large nozzle.  She exposed the newcomer's nether portal, and 
inserted the nozzle with a thrust.

"Oh!" he gasped.

Alicia chuckled.  "It appears that we have a virgin here - at least, 
a virgin at this end."  With the sound of a click, she started the 
flow.  "Here's the first of two soapsuds enemas," she said.

R felt the immediate fullness of the soapy solution inside his tail 
end.  As the enema continued to flow into him, he felt his insides 
frequently yield to the penetrating solution.

"Ahhhh! I'm full!" R exclaimed when the pressure built up to an 
uncomfortable level.

"You've only taken half of it," Alicia informed him as she stopped 
the flow for a moment.  "You've got to take every drop of this enema 
before you can get rid of it."  

She resumed the flow, and R groaned as the enema went deeper.  The 
red bag emptied itself after another minute, and Alicia withdrew the 
nozzle.  "Get up and get rid of the enema," she ordered.  He scurried 
to the bathroom nook, noticing that it didn't have a door for 
privacy, and emptied the enema over the next quarter hour.

"Okay now, get back on the table," Alicia directed as she held the 
nozzle in her hand. "I've got another warm, soapy enema for you."  
She adjusted the height of the bag so the solution would go in more 
slowly, and at a steady rate.  R, of course, exclaimed when he felt 
the nozzle enter him.  Alicia started the flow of the second soapsuds 
enema.

The nurses noticed the sound of a key unlocking the door.  A tall 
young woman with brown hair entered the room.

"We're preparing your newest arrival, Natanya," Amber stated.

"So I see," replied the attractive woman confidently.  "First or 
second?"

"Second soapsuds."

Natanya walked over to her new student and remarked aloud, "That's a 
cute little butt - I can't wait to redden it at his welcome 
spanking."

"You just got married, didn't you?" inquired Amber.  "Did you spank 
your husband on your honeymoon?"

"Hell, I gave him a good session on our wedding night, before we got 
down to business.  I turned him over my lap and used the hairbrush 
good, hard, and long.  He carried on a lot, but when it came time to 
get bedded down - let's just say that his spanking helped matters 
immensely. Oh, and a week later he got cranky, so I used the leather 
strap."

"Oh, wow - like you do here?"

"Yes, except that I expect him to stay in position without being 
restrained.  He needs to be trained more, but it will take time - and 
some sessions."

The red enema bag sent the last of the sudsy solution into R's 
innards, and Alicia removed the nozzle.  "You've got to hold this one 
for five minutes.  After that you can rid of it and get showered."  
The ladies made conversation for a moment.

"Uhhhhhhh," he groaned. "Ohhhhhhh!"

"Three more minutes," Alicia remarked.  Turning to Natanya, she 
asked, "How do you want him for his welcome spanking?"

"Standing up, hands above his head.  I'm going to use the strap."

"Ooooh, can I watch too?" asked Amber, squirming slightly.

"But of course - the more the merrier.  Call me when he's ready."  
Natanya left the screening room and locked the door behind her.

After R retained the second enema for the remainder of the five 
minutes, the nurses allowed him to get up and get rid of it.  They 
then watched him while he showered.  They followed as Kate escorted 
R, who was completely undressed, down the hall to the discipline 
room.  He was feeling deeply nervous, having heard Natanya's remarks 
about the welcome spanking and using the strap.  Kate placed 
restraints on R's ankles and connected them to bolts in the floor 
such that his feet were 24 inches apart.  Then she placed cuffs on 
his wrists and hooked them to a cable that hung securely from the 
ceiling.  Pulling the other end of the cable, she secured it when R's 
arms were stretched tightly above him and he could scarcely move.  
Kate used a wall phone to notify Natanya that R was ready.

Five minutes passed without Natanya showing up, and R's trepidation 
deepened with each slow minute.  Finally he heard the door open and 
the sound of Natanya's voice saying, "Okay, we can start now!"  Since 
R was facing away from the door, he could not see anyone.  He heard 
some other sounds which he guessed were of Natanya preparing to 
discipline him.

"Alicia, I'd like you to observe him from the front.  Amber, since 
this is your first time observing, you can move around anywhere, 
although some of the time you should be with Alicia"

Alicia appeared in front of R and casually stood a few feet in front 
of him with her hands on her hips.

Natanya addressed R, "This is a taste of discipline at this school.  
What you're getting today is the minimum that you'd get for violating 
rules here."

She slowly circled the bound and stretched R, and made sure that he 
saw her holding the two inch wide leather strap with the wooden 
handle.  The leather appeared sturdy, although well used and none the 
worse for wear.

Natanya settled into her position to the left of, and slightly behind 
R, and increased R's tension by lightly touching the strap several 
times on his bared bottom.  She did this also to gauge her position 
and her aim.

The first stroke made a loud snap as it struck R's naked skin, the 
leather curling slightly around his right buttock before swiping 
across both nether cheeks.

Natanya delivered another swat scarcely a few seconds after the first 
one, and every bit as forcefully.  A muted "Augh!" involuntarily 
escaped R as he reacted, and he jerked his hips forward just a couple 
of inches allowed by his secure binding.

Amber watched in awe as Natanya continued R's first spanking at the 
school.  Although she had seen the results of some of the discipline 
sessions, this was the first time she had witnessed one in progress.  
She had previously not seen the relentless progression of a leather 
strapping - the wide-eyed look on Natanya's face as she forcefully 
and deliberately swung the strap; the futile attempts of the bound 
male to twist and writhe; the pendulous jiggling and swinging of the 
recipient's penis and testicles as he jerked his hips with every 
swipe of the strap; the sinuous strap and its savage kiss on bare 
skin; the progression of the reddening area on the bared buttocks; 
the shouts and the begging for relief.  All this had a profound 
effect on Amber, and brought up conflicting emotions - sympathy for 
the male being punished; an excitement that was sexual in nature; an 
appetite to see more; and a curious desire to be the one 
administering the punishment.  It has been said that a woman's 
vaginal lubrication is equivalent to the male erection, and Amber 
found herself profusely lubricating as she took in the scene before 
her.  She knew that her abundant creaminess had already soaked her 
honey-blonde pubic hair and had dampened her panties.  She 
desperately wanted to masturbate herself to what she knew would be 
sweet and intense relief.

Alicia, in her capacity as formal witness for discipline, also 
commonly experienced excitement (and varying degrees of vaginal 
lubrication) from watching the administration of discipline.  She 
considered it one of the benefits of her employment at the school.  
She smiled slightly when she saw Amber's excited visage, knowing what 
was probably going through her mind.

Natanya finally ceased the leathering of R's buttocks after 
delivering her predetermined number of swats.  R flinched when she 
lightly touched his bottom and ran her hand around the strapped area. 
 "I did pretty good there, if I do say so myself," Natanya began, 
"It's very red.  You'll find that the enemas that you'll get in a 
little while will take your mind off the pain."

"Auhhhhh!" was R's response to the news of further enemas.

"Now now," Natanya kidded, grasping his chin with her hand, "I think 
that you should be grateful for the attention that I've given you 
today. Don't you think you should thank me for strapping you?"

Knowing the position he was in, R decided that he had little to gain 
from resisting, and said, "Yes... Thank you for, for using the 
strap..."

"I'm going to have to teach you some manners here, young man," 
Natanya chided.  "Always use a title of respect when talking to a 
lady at the school.  If you don't know her name, always say ma'am.  
Otherwise you may address her as 'Miss' and her name.  When talking 
to me, you may call me 'Miss Natanya', or ma'am, as you prefer.  Now 
let's go over that again - would you like to thank me for 
disciplining you?"

"Uh, yes ma'am," R stated unenthusiastically, "Thank you for, uh, 
giving me discipline Miss Natanya."

"Very good," she said, and cupped one hand around his penis and 
testicles and lightly massaged them.  She had noticed his member 
firming up when she felt some pulsing, and her hand filled with 
slippery ejaculate.

"Hey, what's this!" she exclaimed.  "Haven't you ever gotten laid 
before?"

"No.  I mean no ma'am."

"You're twenty years old and a virgin?!" Natanya exclaimed 
incredulously.  "That's hard to believe.  Do you know how to eat 
pussy?"

"I - I've never done that."

"What the hell is he in here for - double parking?!" Natanya 
exclaimed rhetorically.  "I'm going to have a very close look at his 
file.  Girls, take a short break and then see me in my office before 
you take him back for his two rinsing enemas."

"I'm okay," replied Alicia.  "Amber, do you need a break?"

"I need to use the ladies room," Amber replied sheepishly.  "I'll be 
back in a few minutes."

Amber hurriedly entered the stall in the nearest ladies room, yanked 
down her panties, and spread her legs.  Her trembling hand touched 
her creamy wetness.  After a few rubs she closed her eyes and swore 
she could see flashes of different colors of light as her body 
trambled and shook with an intense orgasm.  After wiping herself, she 
quickly got up and splashed cold water on her face.  With a pink 
flush in her cheeks, she returned to the discipline room.

The nurses followed Natanya to her office and left R in the 
discipline room.  Fifteen minutes later, Alicia and Amber came back 
and Kate released R and escorted him to the screening room.

"Face down on the table now," Alicia sang. "It's red bag time!"

R wearily assumed the enema position with the bolster pillow raising 
his hips.  Without making any small talk, Alicia filled the red bag 
with warm water and positioned it on the stainless steel stand.  She 
lubed the nozzle and deftly inserted it as R groaned.  Then the flow 
started.  R was surprised that the enema was going in smoothly and 
actually felt soothing, although he did feel quite full.  Alicia had 
set the flow rate slow enough so that R didn't beg to shut it off.  
He retained it for five minutes and then was allowed to get up and 
get rid of the enema.

Amber, ready with a fresh enema, smiled and patted the examination 
table when he came out of the bathroom, and told him "On your back 
this time."

She instructed him to bend his knees and lubricated a retention 
nozzle that would ensure that he retain the enema until the nozzle 
would be withdrawn.  She inserted it and started the flow.

Alicia spoke first.  "Natanya would like you to have more control 
over your quick ejaculation, so we'll be working with you on that.  
If you come too early, we're supposed to assign you demerits which 
will get you punished next week."  His eyes opened wide, and with 
some apprehension, as he imagined the effects of Natanya's 
discipline.

Amber continued, with a sly smile, "She also mentioned that she's 
going to teach you how to eat pussy.  We may give you a head start on 
that."  The two women cast frequent glances toward R's midsection, 
and their attention resulted in a semi-erect state for him.  When the 
collapsing of the enema bag showed that the it was complete, Amber 
closed the clamp and the inflated nozzle stayed in place to force R 
to retain the enema.

With their strategic timing, Alicia and Amber began to carry out 
their plans to have some fun and at the same time rack up some 
demerits for R.

Alicia squirted some water-based lubricant on her hand and wrapped 
her hand around R's member.  "I'm going to slowly count to ten while 
I manipulate your thing.  I don't want you to cum before the count of 
ten."  She was confident that the retained enema would be enough of a 
distraction that he in fact would be able to hold back from 
ejaculating, and that would make it more difficult for him to hold 
back on subsequent tries.  "One...  two... three..." she began, while 
massaging his erect member.  "...nine... ten!  Very good.  Now I'll 
deflate the nozzle and you can get rid of the enema and get 
showered."

Alicia watched R to make sure that he didn't masturbate while in the 
bathroom or the shower.  After he dried off he entered the screening 
room to find Amber lying on the examination table with her shoes off. 
 She had also removed her panties, although R didn't know that yet, 
as her dress covered the upper part of her legs.

"It's lesson time," Alicia stated.  "I want you to follow my 
directions exactly."

R, still naked, nodded.

"Go over to the front of the table, and lift Miss Amber's dress up to 
expose her pubic area"

R, with trembling hands, moved Amber's dress upward, and was taken 
aback when he saw her naked midsection.  Immediately he developed a 
firm erection.

"Now lean forward and put your head between her legs, so that your 
mouth is a couple inches away from her pussy."

Gazing at Amber's beautiful honey blonde mound, R slowly bent over 
and settled close to Amber's mound.  His breathing was rapid and 
excited, and Amber moved ever so slightly when she felt R's breath on 
her pussy lips.  After a moment, Alicia continued, "That's it.  
Breathe lightly so that she can feel the warmth of your breath on her 
for a moment or so.  Now, very lightly touch your tongue on her pussy 
lips and slowly move it up and down... that's it, only slower... 
okay, good.  Now push your tongue inside her a little; back out; now 
in and out a few times."

Amber was amply lubricating and her clitoris had hardened.  Her 
breathing was deep, a fact that R could not escape noticing.  The 
intoxicating scent of Amber's vaginal area had an increasing effect 
on his libido.

Alicia continued instructing, "Now kiss her clitoris and run your 
tongue around it..."

Amber had only to remember the scene that afternoon when Natanya was 
energetically strapping R's bottom - the time when she was getting so 
turned on that she was lubricating profusely - remembering the 
reddened strap marks and R's helpless exclamations.  Her orgasm 
exploded from within her and, with tightly closed eyes, shamelessly 
twisted and writhed while vocalizing her situation with spirited 
wordless sounds.  When her excitement subsided, she dizzily got off 
the table.

"Your turn to be on the table now," Alicia directed R, "on your back 
like before."

Alicia grasped his aching member with one hand and squirted oil on it 
with her other hand.  With a twinkle in her eyes she said, "I'm going 
to count to ten once more.  Don't come before then."  She started 
expertly stroking and massaging his throbbing member.

"One... two... three... four-"

"Auuuuumfff!" R cried as jets of semen spurted out.

"You came six counts early, and I'll note that in your file," Alicia 
said, trying to sound scolding instead of pleased.

The next afternoon they had R brought to the screening room and had 
him strip completely.  Alicia cast her panties off and seated herself 
and spread her legs.  "Okay, let's see you apply what you learned 
yesterday," she directed and thrust her pelvis forward to make it 
accessible.  "Get on your knees and show me how you eat pussy."

Alicia smiled as R's mouth approached her brunette bush.  She gave 
occasional instructions while his erection throbbed for relief.  
After several minutes of R's efforts, Alicia's climax arrived.  Next, 
with R lying on his back on the examination table, both ladies 
performed various sensual touching on R in his groin area for several 
minutes without touching his seeping member or his testicles.  The 
blonde Amber then squirted oil on her hand, grasped his member, and, 
starting to massage his erection, said in a sweetly coy voice, "Don't 
come before I count to ten, now...  one... two... three... four... 
five."  

R tossed his head from side to side as he spurted into Amber's hand.

"You are very naughty today - you came five counts early.  More 
demerits, I'm afraid."

Every day throughout the week they had R escorted to the screening 
room, where he was instructed to bring one of the two women to orgasm 
with his mouth, after which he was manually pumped to the 
accompaniment of a slow count to ten.  When the nurses detected that 
he was developing a bit more control, they pumped him once before his 
mouth work, and also afterward.  It was during the second or third 
manipulation that he spurted before the count of ten, after which his 
demerits were duly noted.

One week after his initial enema session and welcome spanking, R was 
brought to the screening room by Kate.  Alicia had a radiant smile 
while indicating that the red enema bag was full and ready for him.  
The bolster pillow was on the examination table, and Amber directed 
him to position himself face down for his enema.  Alicia inserted the 
douche nozzle and casually talked to Amber while she monitored the 
flow of the soapsuds water into R, ignoring his groans and his 
protests that he was full. 

"I wonder what Natanya's going to use on him today," Amber wondered 
aloud.

"Maybe it'll be the paddle.  I sure wouldn't want to get a paddling 
here.  Of course, she could use the hairbrush.  She's the only one 
that does the hairbrush thing, and the way she does it, it's every 
bit as bad as the paddle.  Or so I hear.  The ones getting it say 
they feel like it's never going to end.  Natanya's pretty good with 
the cane, too, but she usually saves that for after they've been here 
a while.  And they're bent over the box so they can't move at all.  
She could always bend him over the box and use the strap, but she 
almost never uses the same thing twice in a row."

Amber giggled.  "Variety is the spice of life, huh?"

"There was one here a while back, before you came here, he was a real 
hell-raiser.  Natanya finally got through to him by having him bound 
to the box and she paddled him severely.  Then, when he thought it 
was over, she left him there and went out and cut some switches and 
used them, right on top of where she used the paddle.  I was there 
when she did that - she sure did give him a good switching - and he 
pretty much reformed after that."

"Wow - that must have been exciting to watch," exclaimed Amber.

"I about creamed my panties when I saw her using the switch.  That 
was a sight to see.  I bet she was turned on too. She didn't show it, 
though.  I wonder if she had to, you know, get relief after that."

"Never mind her, " Amber retorted, "I bet YOU did!"

They both giggled.

R had been retaining his soapsuds enema for a couple minutes.  Alicia 
and Amber each kept one hand on the small of his back to keep him 
from getting up while they chatted.

"Do you think I can watch again today when Natanya spanks him?" Amber 
inquired.

"I'll make sure you come along," Alicia responded in a conspiratorial 
tone.  Turning to R, she said, "Okay, go get rid of your enema!"

Amber prepared the second sudsy solution while R was emptying his 
first one.  She filled the red enema bag completely full, and placed 
it on its stand.  Then she prepared the nozzle.  Alicia brought him 
back and helped him up on to the table.  Amber slid the douche nozzle 
in and started the flow.  R's insides filled up fairly rapidly and 
became distended, and he occasionally protested his fullness.  Alicia 
and Amber continued chatting various topics, as if there were no 
others around to listen.  R held the enema for the full five minutes, 
and then was allowed up to get rid of it.  While Amber was watching 
him shower, Natanya dropped by and indicated that she'd be waiting in 
the punishment room for them, and specifically requested that Amber 
come along too.

Kate and Amber and Alicia escorted a naked, cleaned-up and 
cleaned-out R to the punishment room, where Natanya was waiting for 
them with a hardwood hairbrush in her hand.  R remembered what the 
ladies said about Natanya's severity with the hairbrush.

Natanya moved a straight-baked chair with no armrests into the center 
of the room and seated herself on it.  She placed her upper legs 
parallel, spread her feet apart so that her lap was level, and placed 
a towel on her lap.

"Get across my lap now," Natanya instructed.  Alicia guided him over 
to where he could get in to the mandated position.  "Amber, I'd like 
you to hold his arms in front of him, and try to keep him in position 
- grasp him by the wrists and hold on tight."

When R was situated to Natanya's specification, the brown-haired 
discipline administrator addressed him.  "It appears that you have 
some self-control issues to work on, young man.  I'm going to give 
you a good hard spanking to help you with your work."  With one hand, 
she held him at his lower back, and with the other, began a lengthy 
wood-to-the-butt session.  R struggled, writhed, yelled, and pleaded 
as Natanya relentlessly and inexorably delivered swat after swat of 
hot, fiery spanks to his backside.  The urgency of attention 
commanded by hairbrush swats is well-known to any who have been on 
the receiving end of such a spanking.  In an institutional discipline 
setting, there is no warm-up with tender swats - there is only the 
energetic administration of the prescribed discipline, and the 
recipient's inevitable receiving of it.

Amber indeed found it necessary to struggle to keep R from falling 
off Natanya's lap from his bucking and writhing.  She was also aware 
of increasing dampness between her legs from the animated and 
exciting scene.  After what seemed a long time to Amber, and 
undoubtedly a much longer time to R, Natanya stopped spanking and 
allowed R to stay over her lap for a moment to compose himself, with 
Amber still gripping his wrists.

After a few moments Natanya told R to stand up.  Then she asked Kate 
to bind R's hands behind him.  When Kate had finished doing so, 
Natanya asked all of them to leave her and R alone where they were, 
for some "counseling".

Kate locked the door and Natanya looked at R, who was standing before 
her, naked, hands bound behind his back.  "I took a good look at your 
file, and I'm convinced that you should not have been sent here.  I 
think it was a technicality that got you in, but enough of one that I 
can't do anything about.  The fact that you're here, though, means 
that you still have to follow the rules and be disciplined when you 
break them.  There's a few things that I can do to make it more worth 
your while here, so to speak.  One of them is your sex education.  
I'm convinced that you're a virgin, as regards getting laid.  That's 
why I'm trying to get you to not squirt so quickly - girls love it 
when you have staying power.  Most girls also love having the 
attentions of somebody who knows how to eat pussy.  You need to 
develop control over yourself, or rather, control over what's between 
your legs."

Natanya's talk on sexual matters, in addition to her penetrating gaze 
in the area of R's midsection, was arousing to him, and he developed 
a boner in spite of his recent severe spanking.  Also partly 
responsible for his boner was his attention to her smooth tanned 
legs, nicely framed by her black sneakers and socks on one end, and a 
rather short skirt at the upper end.

"It would not surprise me," she continued, "if the nurses already 
introduced you to some training in eating pussy, is that right?"

Almost blushing at the directness of the subject, R managed to 
stammer, "Yes Miss."

"Good," she said, and stood up, reached under her skirt and pulled 
her panties off. She seated herself well forward in her chair and 
continued, "That will save me some time.  I want you to show me what 
you've learned.  Down on your knees, now, and show me..."

She spread her legs as R kneeled before her.  He saw her profuse 
glistening wetness.  He brought his mouth close to Natanya's pussy 
lips and lightly breathed on them.  He noticed a delicious scent from 
her pubic bush. Then he gently ran his tongue on and between her 
labia, eliciting responses of "Ahhhhh" from her. He wrapped his mouth 
around her slit and probed her vaginal entry with his tongue while 
she purred.

As he worked, R was conscious of a genuine desire to please Natanya.  
She was Mistress, he was... not slave, because that was not why he 
was here.  He was, however, subservient, and felt a mixture of 
emotions which included admiration, fear, reverence, and awe.  These 
emotions inspired him to move fervently in tune with her needs and 
emotions, in an almost subconscious way.  Natanya was consciously 
aware only that she was inevitably approaching climax.  She held off 
as long as she could, and then grasped R's head with her hands, and, 
pulling his face into her pubic area, let herself go into the 
explosive eruption of her orgasm.

"They taught you pretty well," she told him.  Her secretions were all 
over his face, and his erection was pointing straight out as he 
straightened up, still kneeling between her knees.  She smeared some 
of her vaginal lubricant on her hand and grasped his erection and 
slowly stroked it.  She pulled on him so that he came closer to her.  
Still massaging his boner, she pointed it at her crotch.  The tip of 
his erection was a few inches away from her glistening labia. 

"OH! AH! Oooh! Oh Miss -" R exclaimed as he suddenly spurted several 
jets of semen onto her pubic mound and her thighs.

"well now, it looks to me like you still haven't mastered what's 
between your legs," Natanya began.  "I'll give you a choice - you can 
earn a demerit for that, or you can clean up that mess by licking it 
clean."

He instinctively knew that he dare not ask for the demerit, because 
she would punish him all the more severely.  At the same time, he 
knew that he would not escape punishment for the tests of 
self-control that the nurses would make sure he failed during the 
week.

"I'll clean it up, Miss Natanya," he replied quietly.

"Good.  You may begin."

Gingerly, he licked Natanya's beautiful pubic hair clean of the 
streaks and blobs of ejaculate that he had propelled there, and then 
turned his attention to her inner thighs.  Despite the repugnance of 
his task, he had to admit to being aroused by using his tongue on her 
legs.

When his task was finished, Natanya caressed his face with her hands 
for a moment before calling Amber and Alicia to give him his 
post-punishment enemas.

R slept fitfully that night, daydreaming and fantasizing about 
Natanya.  For three days in a row the following week, his training 
visits to the screening room resulted in his ejaculating prior to 
when the nurses would have permitted.  They performed a variety of 
stimulating procedures on him. One of the days they inserted a 
vibrator egg into his back way so that it would stimulate his 
prostate as they jerked him to orgasm.  Another time, Alicia put on a 
disposable glove and manually stimulated his prostate with her finger 
while Amber, with a honey-sweet smile, hand-jobbed him.  The time 
after that, they both teased his groin area with light 
tickle-touching until he started to seep, and then both participated 
concurrently in hand-jobbing him.  It took almost no time for him to 
squirt then.  He realized that one of the reasons he was ejaculating 
so quickly was his concurrent fantasizing about Natanya.  Another 
reason was that the hand jobs were always after a session of pussy 
eating, when he was intensely aroused.  One of the days, R managed to 
avoid ejaculating, which truly impressed the nurses.  The following 
day it was no contest, as he squirted with abandon when Amber 
disrobed entirely and he couldn't take his eyes off her bare chest as 
she worked him.  He was, though, coming to look forward to, and 
enjoy, the opportunities to practice his oral skills on the women, 
and wanted to perfect them so that he could give Natanya as much 
pleasure as his capabilities and experience would allow.

On the day of his next punishment session, Alicia gave him the first 
of two pre-punishment enemas as usual.  The second sudsy enema was in 
a different bag, and the amount was closer to three quarts than the 
usual two quarts.  Alicia used the retention nozzle on him that time, 
and R was indeed quite full from that one, and vehemently protested.

Kate and the nurses escorted R into the punishment room, where 
Natanya ordered him bound to the punishment box, which was a padded 
structure that accommodated the person to be punished in a bent-over 
position, and had many options for binding that person.  Natanya 
directed Kate to bind him to allow as little movement as possible.  
The escort secured binding straps around his waist, directly above 
his knees, each ankle, and his wrists.

With Amber behind R, and Alicia in front, Natanya picked up the 
rattan cane and walked around to where R could see her.  "Your 
naughty bottom is going to get a taste of the cane today," she said, 
and whisked it rapidly through the air so that the whisking sound it 
made inspired fear.

"No, Miss Natanya, please!" he begged.

"Now, now - it doesn't seem that you have much choice, does it?"

"I'll do anything for you Miss Natanya! Please don't use that on me."

She pressed her lips together in an amused smile, and simply walked 
over to take her position to administer his punishment.  Fixing her 
gaze on the precise spot where she wanted the cane stroke to land, 
she drew her arm back, and propelled the whippy instrument of 
correction so that it made a perfect stripe across the center of his 
bared buttocks.

"AHH!" he exclaimed as soon as he felt the lightning-like streak on 
his vulnerable bottom.  Over the next two seconds the pain increased 
to a fiery sensation that simply can not be ignored.  "AHHHHHHH! 
OWWWW! OWWWW!" he reacted to this crescendo of torment.  Another 
lightning streak immediately next to the first one danced on his 
bared bottom. He struggled against his bindings.  "AHHHHHH! NO! NO!"  
The third fiery stroke penetrated his perception.  "AUUUUUGH! PLEASE, 
PLEASE!" 

Natanya had heard this litany of suffering many times before.  R was 
sure that he could not endure it.  She knew that he WOULD endure 
every fiery stroke that she sent to dance upon his increasingly 
striated skin.

Amber was almost beside herself with awe at the sight before her.  
She observed Natanya's relentless and dispassionate application of 
the whippy rattan instrument with a profuse secretion of vaginal 
juices, despite herself.  She was at the same time agitated and 
aroused.  Alicia, for her part, was also becoming aware of her own 
arousal.  Her mind drifted to ways that her arousal could be doused 
with satisfaction, and briefly wondered if she could get Amber to do 
the honors.  Dismissing the thought, she directed her attention back 
to the scene before her.

Natanya finally stopped administering when R's bottom had been 
completely reddened and striated with horizontal strokes of the 
rattan cane.  After about five minutes, she asked Kate to bind R in a 
standing position with his feet spread a little over three feet apart 
and his hands above his head.  Then, as she did previously, she asked 
that they be left alone so she could counsel him.

When the two of them were alone in the punishment room, Natanya 
fetched a two pound weight.  She stepped out of her panties, tied the 
panties around the base of R's testicles, attached the weight to her 
panties, and let the weight hang.  She asked him several intimate 
questions - if he had been practicing orally during the previous 
week; how he felt when the nurses gave him his enemas; if a woman had 
ever used a dildo in his back end; Every minute or so she lifted the 
weight so that the pressure was relieved for a moment, then let the 
weight hang again.

Then she took off all her clothes, except for her platform shoes, and 
stood in front of him.  In spite of the weight pulling on his 
testicles, he developed a firm erection.

"Girls like to be kissed on their breasts and nipples," Natanya 
mentioned, and arched her back and positioned herself so that her 
left breast was accessible to R's mouth.  He took the hint, and 
kissed and licked all around her breast.  "Do the nipple too," she 
directed after a few moments.  His lips enveloped the hardening 
nipple of her breast and he sucked on it.

"Oh, Miss Natanya, the weight hurts!" he moaned.  She shifted so that 
her right breast was at the tip of his mouth.  "Do this one now," she 
said.  When the ache in his nuts became severe enough that he was 
frequently moaning, she reached down and relieved the pressure for a 
minute.  He renewed his attentions on her breasts, which by then was 
causing profuse creaminess in her crotch.  She released the weight 
and had R continue to service her breasts with his mouth, until he 
urgently protested the aching in his testicles.  Then she removed the 
weight and ran her hands over his body, teasing him.  She frequently 
grasped his throbbing erection and gave a few pumps before releasing 
it and continuing the touching.

When R's member was seeping from his arousal and pointing straight 
out, Natanya lightly pressed her bare chest against his, and nestled 
his throbbing member in her crotch between her legs, and reached 
around to gently caress him.

"I'd be glorious to fuck right now," she cooed.  "My pussy is so wet 
and hungry, and my tits are aching with desire."

R could not move at all because of his bindings, and Natanya moved 
her hips back and forth in a sexual motion, rubbing her pussy lips on 
his stiff member.  She cocked her head to one side an opened her eyes 
wide.  The feeling of her skin on his, combined with the motion of 
her hips, was more than he could stand.

"Auuuugh! Oh, God! Ohhhhh! Auuugh!" he exclaimed as his cock pulsed 
and spurted.  Jets of semen dripped onto the floor.

"Oh, shame!" she mock-scolded.  "Not enough staying power yet...  The 
girls aren't going to like that.  You nasty boy, cumming too soon all 
the time.  If you squirt this soon without even being inside a girl, 
how soon are you going to squirt when one actually lets you in?"

Natanya quickly put her clothes on and then summoned Kate to take R 
for his post-punishment enemas.  Kate, when she came in, noticed the 
gobs of spunk on the floor and smiled at R, who blushed.

Back in the screening room, R flinched when either of the ladies 
touched his freshly caned buttocks to spread them for insertion of 
the enema nozzle.  The rinsing enemas, he had to admit, were rather 
soothing after what he'd been through.

The following days R tried hard not to cum before Alicia or Amber 
wanted him to, but his constant fantasizing of Natanya, plus the 
deliberately cunning ways that they got R to ejaculate sooner so that 
they could rack up demerits for him, always worked to his 
disadvantage.

One of the days, Alicia bound R face-up onto the table so that he 
could barely move.  Then Amber disrobed completely and straddled his 
mouth and had him practice until she had several orgasms.  Then she 
stood in a semi-squatting position with her pussy just above where 
his raging boner was pointing and barely touched it with her pussy 
lips.  He desperately tried to thrust his hips to penetrate Amber's 
wet glistening pussy, and his bindings prevented him from moving more 
than an inch or so.  Consequently, when Amber's cool fingers caressed 
his testicles, he blasted forth with a load of semen and she wrote in 
his record that he ejaculated after only a few seconds.

Still, he was gathering his resolve, and on two consecutive days he 
held out past the time that the nurses thought he would squirt.

Another time, though, he lasted almost no time.  Alicia had stripped 
naked and straddled his mouth while Amber teasingly touched him all 
over.  The clincher that day was when Amber inserted a flexible tube 
about one-half inch in diameter, into his back end, so that the tip 
of it was in proximity to his prostate.  She turned a small crank on 
the outer end of the tube which caused the inside end to twist and 
wiggle, giving R intense stimulation.  Alicia meanwhile oiled up her 
hands and stroked him to a quick and profuse climax.

On the day that R was to be disciplined next, his second soapsuds 
enema was a three-quart one that had to be retained for ten minutes.  
During that time, Amber reminded him that he failed to use the proper 
title of 'Miss' several times that day.  When she wondered aloud if 
she should place that fact in his record, he pleaded with her to not 
tell Miss Natanya.  She readily agreed not to mention a word of it, 
and when he looked inquiringly at Alicia, she also readily agreed not 
to mention today's indiscretion, and further remarked that she and 
Amber always kept their word.  Their immediate agreement to refrain 
from mentioning this to Natanya struck him as a little suspicious, 
although he could not determine why.  R squirmed and moaned 
frequently during the final half of his retention period, and was 
glad when he was allowed up to expel and get showered.

They went with Kate as she escorted R to the now-familiar punishment 
room.  Amber told Kate that R should be bound in a standing position, 
arms above his head, and legs a couple feet apart.

R had been bound in position about five minutes when Natanya walked 
in.  Alicia and Amber smiled at her.

"We have a little surprise for you today," Natanya explained to R, 
"I'm going to let Amber give you a strapping.  I talked to her about 
it last week and she has been training for it the past several days."

Now R understood why the nurses quickly agreed not to tell Natanya 
about his day's indiscretions - his punisher already knew!  He looked 
over toward Amber and she had a wide smile and a light blush on her 
face.  She knew what he was thinking.

Natanya handed the two-tailed leather tawse to Amber, who spared no 
time in taking her position as Mistress of discipline.  She recalled 
the image of her watching for the first time as R got severely 
strapped by Natanya, how aroused she was, and how at times she wished 
that day that she herself was delivering the swats.  Now, today, she 
got her wish.  With the eagerness of a new Mistress of discipline, 
she carefully gauged her position, and began.  The first swat landed 
and Amber followed through like a tennis player.  Her reward was 
immediate.  R reacted with a sudden "AHHH!"

Oh, that was sweet, Amber thought to herself as she drew the tawse 
back for another swat.  The next stroke landed in the same place as 
the first.  "AAAAAAH!" R exclaimed.  Amber methodically delivered 
energetic strokes to R's rapidly reddening buttocks.  His shouts and 
cries increased her arousal, and she knew that she was profusely 
lubricating.  She would have loved to pause and masturbate herself to 
what would have been a series of incredible climaxes.  Instead, she 
kept delivering swat after swat to the tightly bound male.

Natanya stood in front of R, frequently letting her gaze settle on 
his testicles and cock.  Suddenly she held up her hand and told Amber 
to pause for a couple of minutes.  She retrieved the two pound weight 
and a one-inch wide nylon binding strap, and hung the weight from his 
ball sac.

"Amber, please proceed."

R felt each swat that Amber delivered as a fiery kiss of leather on 
his buttocks, and he also became aware of some of the strap's energy 
in his testicles.  After a few swats, the weight swung to and fro 
like a pendulum.  Every stroke thereafter contributed to its motion.  
Amber continued to redden R's buttocks (and swing the weight which 
suspended from his testicles) with the leather tawse until Natanya, 
after a few moments, interrupted.

"Twenty more swats and that's it," she said.

Amber took this as her cue to finish up, and delivered the final 
twenty strokes as hard and as fast as she could, while R shouted, 
pleaded, and begged.

Natanya removed the weight from R's ball sac and put it away.  After 
several minutes, she directed that R be given his post-punishment 
enemas.

As Alicia was preparing the first of R's rinsing enemas, Natanya 
entered the examination room and announced that Alicia would be 
needed in another part of the facility for the next couple of hours, 
and asked Amber if she could take care of finishing up with R.  Amber 
agreed, and plunged the enema nozzle into R and started the flow.  
When the three quarts had drained out of the red bag, Amber removed 
the nozzle and told R to hold it for several minutes.

"Also," she continued, "I want you to remember this series of 
numbers," and quietly spoke the numeric sequence.  She made him 
repeat the numbers back to her several times, telling him that it's 
very important.  After several minutes, when he moaned from the 
fullness of the enema and pleaded with Amber for relief, she made him 
repeat the numbers ten times and then let him expel.  She followed 
the same script with R's second cleansing enema, having him repeat 
the numeric sequence time after time.  Finally she let him up to get 
rid of the second enema and have a shower.

After his shower, Amber told him to get back on the examination 
table, face down.  Lightly and tenderly rubbing some skin cream into 
R's strap-ravaged buttocks, she talked on subjects other than the 
numbers that she wanted him to remember.

"I really gave it to you good," she said.  "Actually, it's because I 
kind of like you.  I can't explain it fully."  Her tenderness was 
arousing to R.

Amber slipped off her panties, told R to turn over, and straddled his 
face while he brought her to a wrenching climax.  When she calmed 
down, she got off the table and put a generous amount of lubricant on 
her hands and lightly gripped his hardening member.  Saying very 
little, she slowly and sensuously pumped him while reminding him that 
it was very important that he hold back from ejaculating as long as 
possible.  After a few moments she brought him to a spurting 
ejaculation.  She made sure that he still remembered the numeric 
sequence, having him repeat it several times.

Amber called for Kate to escort R back to his quarters.  Before Kate 
unlocked the door, she cryptically told R, "By the way, I'm 
unattached."

The following day, R was surprised when Kate came to get him.  He 
wondered why he was going to be punished, and wondered what he had 
done.  Instead of being taken to the examination room, however, he 
was escorted into an office where he saw Natanya and another woman.  
Kate told R to be seated, and the other woman spoke.

"I am Natanya's supervisor.  Natanya informed me from the second day 
of your stay here, that she didn't believe you should be here.  I was 
more or less of the opinion that anyone entering this school is here 
because of enough evidence to send them here.  However, she has 
worked hard, based on her belief, and has uncovered some 
discrepancies that I could not ignore.  Over the past few weeks I 
have also been in touch with some 'insiders' in the system who owed 
me some favors, and I'll just say that there is a bad apple in the 
system that sent you here.  Because of Natanya's hard work on your 
behalf, I too am convinced that you had no place here.  Normally, we 
would just release you and be done with it.  But my own personal 
sense of justice is so outraged by this incident, that our legal 
counsel is going to assist with the matter, and I've directed them to 
focus first on handsomely compensating you for your stay here.  They 
will be in touch with you over the next few days.  You will be 
released later today."

"I'm... glad to hear that," R stammered.  "I had no idea that Miss 
Natanya was doing that for me." R turned toward Natanya, who was 
smiling wistfully.  "Thank you... I don't know what else to say..."

A few days later as R was reading the daily newspaper, he had the 
realization that the digits that Amber wanted him to memorize 
probably consisted of a phone number.  He thought about it all day.  
That evening he nervously pressed the numbers on the keypad.  A 
familiar voice answered.

"Miss Amber? ...  Yes, this is R.  Um, do you think we could go out 
to dinner sometime?"  

She, of course, was delighted that he called, and tried not to show 
it.  R was delighted that she accepted.  After they agreed on a 
place, Amber picked him up the following afternoon and they went out 
to dinner.  Afterward, she suggested that they go to her house and 
talk some more.

"Let me show you my 'playroom', she excitedly said when they got to 
her place.  He followed her down the hall and she opened a door.  
There was a single bed, a few chairs, and a red enema bag hanging 
from a stainless steel structure.  Amber looked at R's crotch area 
and saw a prominent bulge.

Both naked on the bed, she opened up and he entered her, his first 
time with anyone.  Chest to chest, mouth against mouth, he repeatedly 
plunged his rock-hard member into Amber and she internally caressed 
it with her vaginal muscles.  A short while later he could hold back 
no longer and spurted into her eager receptacle.

"That's a good start," she said between kisses  "You'll be good to go 
again in a half hour or so.  I want you to make me cum with your 
mouth before you go inside me again."


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
