This is a work of fiction. All characters and events are imaginary. Any similarity with real life events is purely coincidental. Some of these stories contain erotic and often very violent and immoral content. To continue reading, you should be 18 years or older, and over the age of majority in your country. You should also understand the difference between fiction and reality. If any of these conditions do not apply, leave now.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Author: Doppelganger
Main website: http://www.asstr.org/~doppelganger/
Title: Helping Science
Keywords: (M/F, M/f, humil, tragic, job, viol, snuff)
Optional Keywords: (tort, nc, lac, nosex, preg, caution)

----------------------------------------------------------------





This story can be set in the fictional "Reatcher World" http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/doppelganger/reatcher_world.txt. Read it to understand why the described events would be possible. Other appropriate settings are possible as well.


List of experiments to be conducted with female political prisoners at camp HECTO-12:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXPERIMENT 022.
Main objective: Testing precise effects of a new experimental brass knuckles.
Methodology: Mount the brass knuckles on a hard rubber hand attached to a hydraulic cylinder that can yield a precise force. Test the effects of the new brass knuckles at different forces compared to the effects of other brass knuckles and the bare hard rubber hand. The subject should not be restrained because it would alter the inertial resistance the body offers compared to real situations.  Therefore, for higher accuracy, the subject should stand on her own.

EXPERIMENT 027.
Main objective: Testing new anti-riot weapons.
Methodology: Make the subject stand and move as an unarmed protester in a demonstration and test the new anti-riot weapons.

EXPERIMENT 036.
Main objective: Testing new taser gun T300.
Methodology: Testing with increasing voltage. Results might depend on body area and kind of tissue, so these should be recorded too.

EXPERIMENT 064.
Main objective: Testing new anti-vest bullet AP-34K.
Methodology: Shoot at decreasing distances and record the effects, both on anti-bullet vest SVII, and the physical trauma produced on the body behind. In order for the results to be valid, impacts should not overlap, as impacted areas lose strength. If some impacts overlap, it should be recorded with the results.
Optional objective: Results would be more realistic if her body is not fixed, because when her body is free it gives way with the impact, as it is the case in most real situations. For this to happen, she cannot be tied to a pole or wall, so she should be forced to cooperate with the experiment, by any available means.

EXPERIMENT 042.
Main objective: Testing new drug DR003 that reanimates a subject that has lost consciousness, and augments stamina at the potential cost of permanent cardiovascular, renal and nervous damage.  
Methodology: First measure default performance body constants under physical exercise and as a baseline. Then beat the subject until she loses consciousness. Then inject 10 mg of DR003 and observe results. If she recovers consciousness, measure psychological abilities through basic interactive test, and again performance and body constants under physical exercise, as a comparison to assess the degree to which the drug allows to recover from the physical damage, as well as the potential side effects of the drug, which are suspected to be severe. Then beat the subject until she losses consciousness again, and inject another dose of DR003 to see if she can recover again. Repeat the procedure and measures until complete body failure.
Note: Measuring psychological abilites, as well as making the subject perform physical exercise, requires her cooperation. Therefore the subject must be lead to be cooperative as long as possible, using any means such as false hope or threats.

EXPERIMENT 080.
Main objective: Testing possible toxicity of the byproduct coming from production of new alloy. 
Description: SX45 is a new alloy with potentially useful physical and chemical properties. However, during its production, several byproducts are obtained, which are expected to be toxic. It is important to know that, as in such case, qualified personnel involved in the production and disposal of the byproducts should wear protective outfit, and subjects involved without protective outfit should be disposable personnel.
Methodology: The combined byproducts are solved in a liquid solution. Make the test subject collect it in containers, seal them and transport them to the storage area. The work should be physically intensive and with no protection, so the subject is heavily exposed to the product while exercising. Report any health effects that may arise.

EXPERIMENT 085.
Main objective: Testing new nervous agent in gaseuous form, for use in for chemical weapons.

EXPERIMENT 097.
Main objective: Testing new design for barbed wire designed for keeping areas with civilian prisoners, whose the thorns are barbed, so they cannot be pulled out without ripping flesh.
Methodology: The subject should be made to try to cross a normal wire fence with a spiral of the new wire on top, so its effectiveness is tested.

TRAINING EXERCISE 008.
Training of fight dogs.

TRAINING EXERCISE 009.
If there is excedent of prisoners, they can be used for combat training of elite troops.
