A decision is made, as well as a mistake.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Losers, Chapter 6 (MF+, 1st, cons, inc, interr, impreg?, reluc)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

To summarize: I'm June, and to keep my twin brother Roscoe from getting asked out by a 'barbie', I suggested that he start dating one of the girls in our club, The Losers: Sue, or Sulu, a cute, short Chinese gymnast with a flat chest; Bella, a very tall, pretty redhead; and Larissa, a Native American with huge boobs but an acne problem. Roscoe and I are brown-haired and somewhat average, though my ass and his chest have started to fill out. We're all 18, in case you were wondering.

In trying to convince Roscoe to choose one of them, the three girls, one at a time, did sexy stuff with him, finally resulting in all of them losing their virginities to him and also taking a load of his dangerous sperm inside their unprotected pussies. I saved the day, though, by giving each of them a birth control pill from my Mom's old stash. None of us really knew how birth control pills worked, so you can see the problem.

---

After school the next day, we all went down into the rumpus room to discuss the matter. "Why do I need to date just one of you?" Roscoe asked us grumpily.

"They're not going to do sexy stuff with you if you don't," I informed him.

"But...will I only get to do sexy stuff with the one I choose, then?"

I was about to reply yes, but both Sue and Larissa cut me off. "No!"

I blinked. "No? We can't tell people that he's dating all of you!"

"He just has to say he's dating one of us," Sue replied. "I don't want to stop all the fun we've been having together." Larissa nodded. Bella looked distracted.

Roscoe smiled. "Well, then I choose..."

"Wait."

We looked at Bella. She had seemed off all afternoon. "Bella?" I asked.

"I...got asked out today, so I can't be your girlfriend." She looked sidelong at Roscoe.

"Asked out? By who?" Larissa asked her.

Bella's face brightened with a smile. "Steve Bauer!"

"Ohh..." we all murmured. Steve Bauer was the tallest boy in the school, taller than Bella. He wouldn't be put off by her height. I remembered that he had dated some shorter girls before, but they never lasted long. It was a good match.

"So you're not going to join us for 'ride Roscoe's rod' time anymore?" Larissa asked her.

Bella shook her head. "I still wanna watch, if that's alright, but I won't be participating anymore."

Roscoe looked like he was thinking, or needed to fart; it was the same face. He looked first at Sue and then Larissa, and then back to Sue. "So..."

Larissa sighed. "It's okay, choose Sue. She's pretty, you've known her longer, and this fucking acne..." She gestured at her face and looked miserable.

Roscoe sat next to her. "I don't notice the acne, Larissa...you're pretty too."

She blushed. "Still...pick her, okay? I want you to."

"O...okay..."

I looked to Sue. The short Asian had won, but she looked less than exultant. She stood up. "Okay, boyfriend, my first task for you is to take Larissa's clothes off and fuck her senseless."

Roscoe frowned. "I think you're mixing up girlfriend with, um, Dungeon Master?"

"Now, boyfriend!"

"Okay, jeeze..."

And he did, bending the voluptuous dark-haired girl over and filling her up with a load of cum in record time, leaving her practically drooling into the couch. After he recovered, he then turned his attention to his new girlfriend. He was able to lift Sulu up to bounce on his reinvigorated cock while standing in the middle of the rumpus room before filling her tight little hole with his second batch of swimmers.

Bella and I sat off to the side and watched, fascinated but frustrated. I made sure both inseminated girls got their birth control pills before they left.

---

And so it continued for the rest of the week. At school, Sue was happy to take Roscoe's arm as he walked her to class, showing off to the 'barbies' that he did, indeed, have a girlfriend. After school, he still gave us all massages, though Larissa and Sue tended to prefer internal ones. He filled their pussies up with fresh loads of dangerous sperm, offset by the birth control pills, of course, and everything was awesome.

Until the weekend.

We had convinced my parents to allow all three girls to stay over Friday night, and also for us to sleep on the floor in the basement. My Dad set up the VHS player on the extra TV down there, and we watched some rented movies, though we barely paid any attention to those since Sue and Larissa instead chose to get busy with Roscoe on the couch. By the end of the night, both of them were filled up with his cum while Bella and I watched. When it got late, we put down some extra sheets onto the floor and Bella and I took off our jeans to sleep, the other two girls having lost theirs hours earlier. Roscoe even quietly rejoined us instead of going back to his room after saying goodnight to Mom and Dad.

---

I woke up. It was very dark, and someone was touching my leg! The fingers, strong and determined, moved up, caressing my thigh and finally massaging my asscheeks. I heard Roscoe's voice in my ear, "You're my favorite, y'know."

I was about to tell him that he had the wrong girl, but then his fingers slipped between my thighs and dragged along my engorged, panty-covered pussy lips and clit. Sitting there and watching all that sex earlier had made me really horny, and without any alone time afterward, I hadn't had the opportunity to take care of 'the itch', so my body was responding favorably to his touch. I gasped and didn't move. Which of the other girls did he think I was?

He started to kiss my neck and I bit my lower lip to keep from moaning as he slipped his fingers inside my panties to touch my pussy and clit directly. I gasped and felt a small orgasm rush through me just from that. I wanted more!

He rolled me a little so that I was now on my side, facing away from him. One hand moved up to bend my top leg forward and hold it steady as the other moved the gusset of my panties aside, holding the stretched fabric against one of my rounded buttcheeks. Then his other hand moved to press some of his fingers into my pussy.

I had closed my eyes, enjoying the pleasure, but then they flew open as I realized that my brother didn't have three hands! Those weren't fingers slipping between my pussy lips, that was his penis!

I had to tell him to stop, but then how would I explain not doing so immediately when I had woken up? I had purposefully allowed him to play with my pussy while he thought I was...who? Larissa?

This quandary delayed me long enough for Ros to finish slotting the head of his cock into my virginal hole, and he pushed inside. I gritted my teeth as I felt my hymen give way with an uncomfortable pinch, but I didn't cry out like Bella had. I was no longer a virgin!

My brother pulled back a bit and thrust in again, aided by how wet my pussy was from everything that had happened that night. I was actually surprised that he could get it back up after doing both girls, but I didn't know how long I'd been sleeping before he woke me up. Another thrust, and I moaned in pleasure, the discomfort dissipating like fog in a stiff breeze. Stiff...I almost giggled as he started thrusting deeper inside me.

I could feel Roscoe caressing my legs as he fucked me, and realized that there was no way that he thought I was Larissa...my legs were definitely slimmer than hers. Then one of his hands moved up to my chest. I froze, realizing that if he thought that I was Sue, my breasts would clue him in. His hands cupped my boobs through my t-shirt but he didn't slow his thrusting; he wasn't surprised. That meant that he thought I was Bella! Oh, that totally made sense! He couldn't tell how tall I was laying down, and my C-cup boobs could be mistaken for her B-cups in the dark, especially while I was laying on my side.

He thrust hard, pushing his hard cock all the way inside me as his fingers found my nipples through my t-shirt. The physical stimulation, plus how horny I was, not to mention the perverted nature of what he was unwittingly doing to me, set off my second orgasm of the night. "H-nng! Huuhh!" I clamped my mouth shut, trying to keep quiet so that we wouldn't wake any of the others, but also so that he couldn't tell that I wasn't Bella.

As I came, I felt him push my t-shirt up so that he had direct access to my boobs. He squeezed and lightly pinched them, and I came again, my mind whirling. My brother was fucking me and I loved it! My overwhelmed mind kind of took a break, and it felt like I was floating on a boat on the ocean, the waves rocking me back and forth in time with Roscoe's thrusts, the sun on my body making me feel warm and good, though it was really the orgasms.

"Huhh...huhh...huhh..." I heard Roscoe grunt as he thrust into me faster, making my dream boat bob up and down harder. If it got any worse, my boat would soon get flooded with...

...sperm! My eyes flew open again. He was going to cum inside me, swamping my pussy with his incestuous seed...I could feel his member swelling inside me...I had heard him often enough with the other girls to tell when he was approaching his release. I had to get him to pull out, but how, without revealing that it was me? I tried to move my butt away from him, but he reflexively grabbed my hip and held me fast. He thrust harder, faster, his breath hot on my neck, a growl emanating from his throat. He was going to...

"Hrrg! H-aa!" he moaned and thrust hard, holding his cock as deeply as possible inside me.

I felt it. His thick tool throbbed, the tip of it probably pressing right against the entrance to my womb, and I came again, hard. "NNGG! NHHHH!" My overheated body spasmed, the pleasure bursting from deep inside my pussy where spurt after spurt of his forbidden cum invaded my vulnerable reproductive system. My no-longer-virginal insides must have practically sucked the dangerous seed right out of his dick, he was grunting so much.

Finally, he sighed and pulled out, making me gasp as a warm splash of his semen escaped and rolled down my thigh before my panties snapped back in place to restrain the rest of his load. He kissed the back of my neck, whispered good night, and moved away as my body continued to vibrate with additional mini-orgasms at the thought of my brother's sperm swimming around inside me. Once I had calmed down, though, I crawled away from where I had been lying to a different spot on the basement floor. When Roscoe woke later, he wouldn't be able to tell that it was I who had slept there.

I lay there, feeling...nice. Larissa had been right: there was nothing like cumming on a cock as it filled you up. Masturbation would now always seem second-rate in comparison, but I knew I'd remember this night for future 'jill till' material. Soon, I fell back asleep with a smile on my face.

---

When I woke in the morning, I went and grabbed the birth control wheel from my room, kicking myself for not bringing it down the previous night so Sue and Larissa could both take one before falling asleep, plus I could have taken one after Roscoe mistakenly fucked me. As I popped one of the last few pills out of the plastic dial, I noticed that it was white instead of pink, but didn't know what that meant. I swallowed the sugar pill and then went back downstairs to give another one each to Sue and Larissa, all of us thinking that we were safe as Roscoe's virile sperm delved deeper inside our nubile teenage bodies.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)