Danger and Desire
by rj_mcdonnell ©

Tammy was in graduate school now. Having graduated with a degree in 
computer science and technology, going to grad school was just the next 
logical step, especially with the economy in the tank. She didn't mind, 
she had been accepted into one of the best Computer science departments in 
the country. And being in grad school had its good and bad points. 
Unfortunately, one of the responsibilities of being in grad school was to 
act as one of the computer lab teaching assistants for undergraduate 
classes. This just diverted time from what she really wanted to do: write 
new computer programs. It was a small price to pay for her own office - 
closet was more like it - with free access to computers with plenty of 
power to process the code she planned on developing. The best thing about 
the office was that only Tammy had access to it.

The rectangular office was a little small. It had just enough room to 
house the desk, chair and shelves. The wall opposite the door was glass 
from ceiling to floor and it let in plenty of light. This was the only 
thing about the office that prevented it from feeling like a prison cell. 
In fact, the whole building was a six-story multi-faceted box with walls 
of silvered glass. The silvering on the outside windows prevented anyone 
from seeing into her first-floor office except at night when the inside 
lights were on.

Tammy took her schooling seriously, sometimes too seriously. She dated, 
but the excessive amount of time she put into her schoolwork often caused 
her relationships she to end after just a few months. Besides, the 
workload in grad school and the latitude to work at her own pace was a 
one-two punch to her dating life.

Not that Tammy wasn't interesting dating material, she was naturally a 
very pretty girl, even if she didn't present herself that way. Not that 
she really needed it but she rarely wore makeup and almost always had her 
hair pulled back and clipped behind her head. But her natural beauty shone 
through her attempts to downplay it. She had a pretty smile and nice legs, 
long straight brown hair that covered her shoulders and brown eyes. She 
was well proportioned, with large tits that sagged a little under their 
own weight. Years ago when she was a freshman, her girlfriends would try 
to get her to enter wet t-shirt contests during spring break, but she was 
too modest to show off her assets to everyone like that. In fact, even now 
she would wear large loose fitting shirts so as not to draw attention to 
her chest.

Tammy worked almost seven days a week - often late at night - on her 
master's thesis project. While motivated and perfectly willing to put in 
the time, the lack of someone in her life left her with unfulfilled sexual 
urges. One night while working late thoughts of fucking some guy ran 
through her head to the point of distraction. Unable to concentrate any 
longer she closed the door and turned off the lights so nobody could see 
in and began to fondle herself under her clothes. People walked within 20 
feet of her office window unaware that Tammy was watching them. 
Occasionally a man would walk by that aroused her interest. She moved her 
chair towards the window until her knees touched and sat there for fifteen 
minutes watching the men pass by while massaging her wet clit. Feeling too 
horny and dirty to care, she stood up and removed her sweatshirt, dropped 
her shorts and knickers to the floor, sat back down naked in the chair and 
resumed massaging. It didn't take long to climax, but she had to bite her 
lip in order not to be heard by the other grad students that were also 
working late in similar offices all around her. She looked out the window 
wall at the people walking and driving by, wondering if any of the people 
she could see so well had any idea what kind of show they were missing.

Just the thought of being able to sit in her office naked at night and not 
be seen through the glass could make her horny. The "danger" of being 
discovered by someone walking into her office or someone outside seeing 
her naked propelled her eroticism. She would return several times a week 
to sit naked in front of the window with her legs spread apart, head 
tilted back, and tits pressed together by her arms and masturbate. Sitting 
there naked and masturbating to men just yards away made her so horny that 
she came quickly. Students would walk by without any clue that a naked, 
busty brunette was watching them and using them to get off. 

Then she began to show up during the day on the weekends. But the sexual 
purpose was different this time. She wanted to 'tease' the people she 
watched. Under her clothes she wore a brown knit bikini. She never wore it 
out because if you looked at it hard enough you could see through it. And 
forget swimming in it, the fabric would become so water logged and heavy 
that it would practically fall off her body. She made that mistake once 
during spring break and the boys at the hotel pool saw so much of her that 
she may as well have been naked. And that was precisely the reason why she 
was wearing it now. She made it to her office, and after acknowledging a 
few of the other grad students who had also come in to work, shut the door 
behind her. "If only they had x-ray vision." She thought to herself, and 
smiled. Immediately she shed her shirt and pants. The bikini top barely 
covered half of her tits and provided no support whatsoever, while the 
bottoms dipped dangerously low in front and back. She stood in front of 
the window watching the men walk by, commenting on their physical 
attributes and whispering to them if they would like to come in and shove 
their cock into her.

She had left her office door unlocked on purpose this time also. She 
didn't care, she was so horny that if anyone had walked in on her today 
she probably would've fucked them. Standing in front of the window she 
massaged her body then reached around behind her with one hand and pulled 
the string undoing the tie behind her. The coverings, now no longer being 
pulled to their full width, collapsed to two thick strips of yarn. Hanging 
from the strand around her neck they drooped off the front of her breasts, 
covering more of her stomach than her tits. Knowing that it was impossible 
to see in during the day, when the next boy walked by she pressed her body 
spread eagle up against the window, head turned to the side, and begged 
him with a whisper, "Fuck me. I'll do anything." He passed by unaware of 
the offer and she stepped back and sat in the chair. Leaning forward, she 
spread her legs apart and fondled herself under her tiny garments while 
watching the people walk by.

Then she heard a male voice in the hall outside her door. It sounded like 
a younger man's voice. A student, maybe. She didn't recognize the voice, 
but it was unmistakably close to her door. He was talking to someone down 
the hall and asking where a particular office was. She swung the swivel 
chair around to face the door and waited. She wondered who it was and if 
he was looking for her. Her mind raced. The door was unlocked! Would he 
come in and see her? What would he think? What would he do? Swallowing her 
nervousness, she resolved that no matter who it was she would let him fuck 
her right here for however long he wanted to. "How long would it take for 
him to be inside me once he saw me like this." She wondered. Just thinking 
about the feeling of having a dick inside her made her hornier and wetter. 


So there would be no misunderstanding about what she wanted if he walked 
in, she got up and sat on the corner of her desk facing the door with one 
leg up on the arm of the chair. Then she put her hands to her hips and 
grabbed the two ties that held her bikini bottoms on. One tug and her 
bikini bottoms would fall away, allowing him to simply walk up and put his 
dick inside her. But then the voice faded away, and she shook her head, 
thinking, "Boy, did you choose the wrong office". She returned to the 
window, imagining what it would've been like to have someone walk in on 
her then give her body unconditionally to them.

A minute later she spotted a group of guys walking across campus in her 
direction. She began to squeeze her tits, cloth and all, then lifted the 
top off over her head and threw it back to the door. Clearly attracted by 
one of the guys in the group she breathed, "Oooh, you'd be good!" Then 
reached under her bikini bottom and began to massage. Pressing her tits 
against the window she said, "Don't you want me?" She watched the group 
walk by, amazed that they couldn't see her. 

Then she saw him. He was one of her students in the computer lab she 
taught on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons. She would've fucked him in a 
heartbeat, but he was already seeing someone. Now he was walking by. She 
pressed herself up against the window again, reached down and untied the 
bows at either hip. The wet piece of cloth dropped off her ass but was 
held up in front by pressing her body against the window. As he 
approached, she arched her back slightly, massage her pussy from behind 
and whispered several times, "Mmm, I want to fuck you!" As he passed she 
pulled her hips back slightly letting the bikini bottom fall to the 
ground. She was naked now, pressed up against the window, and saying - 
almost a little too loudly, "Oh, fuck me!"

At that instant she heard a noise in the hallway. It was a noise like 
someone moving just outside her door! She hadn't heard anyone approaching. 
Her mind raced momentarily, her heart pounded and she began to get 
butterflies in her stomach because she was sure that someone had heard her 
and was going to come in. Composing herself in an instant, she spread her 
legs further apart and pushed her ass out, bracing herself against the 
window, wondering nervously who it would be and how they would react 
seeing her naked and offering herself like she was. 'Here I am! Come in!' 
She thought to herself after what seemed like an eternity of nervous 
anticipation went by. She turned her head around only to see the closed 
door. Quietly returning to the chair, she faced the door with her legs 
spread and faintly whispered, "Open the door and take me." With her chest 
heaving she closed her eyes, leaned her head back and began to massage her 
clit as she imagined the scene. He would come in, push her against the 
window, putting his hands all over her. He would suck and squeeze her tits 
then ram his rock hard cock into her, fucking her for hours. But no one 
came in. The only noise she made was a panting "Ah!" sound that she made 
over and over as she nearly fell out of the chair from the orgasmic 
ecstasy.

The next Saturday there was a home football game and the campus was 
teeming with people. Tammy made it a point to give the people passing by 
her window a good show. Unassumingly dressed she took a bag with her this 
time. She was so horny with anticipation that, when it appeared she was 
the only one on the floor, she began to shed her clothes before she got to 
her office. Pulling off her shirt revealed a black bikini top that pulled 
up on her tits making them widen out. Arriving at her office door she 
gently sat the bag and her top down and listened carefully for the 
telltale signs of keyboard tapping that would indicate that she was not 
alone. Hearing nothing she removed her shoes and her sweatpants leaving 
only a black thong bikini. After looking around momentarily to make sure 
nobody was there she reached into the bag and pulled out a pair of black 
high heel shoes.

But before she entered her office she decided to increase the danger of 
being seen by separating herself from the safety of her clothes and the 
privacy of her office. She looked and listened carefully for sounds that 
anyone else was in the building. Satisfied that she was alone she tossing 
the bag and her clothes into her office. Then she put the heels on, pulled 
the waistband of the thong high up her hips and proceeded to walk down the 
hall. She loved the erotic feeling of being so scantily clad in such a 
public place. When she got to the computer lab she unlocked the door and 
went inside. She smiled to herself when she thought, 'What would the 
students do if I showed up to teach in this?' "Probably me." She chuckled 
to herself.

It was then that she heard footsteps in the hallway. "Oh shit!" She 
whispered. Her heart began to thump a sense of urgency to find a hiding 
place raced through her mind. She ducked into a storage closet in a corner 
behind the instructor's desk, but in her haste she forgot to completely 
close the door and turn off the bank of lights she had turned on. She 
calmed down as she waited. She knew whomever it was would probably wonder 
why the room was open and check the room. The closet was nearly full so 
there was little room for her to move. She began to think about her 
situation: barely clothed, trapped in this room, and if discovered she 
could get into trouble. She imagined a security guard finding her and her 
having to offer to fuck him in return for forgetting all about it. He 
would pull her thong off and bend her over a table, holding her down while 
he fucked her. The images were making her hornier, and she began touching 
herself. Suddenly she heard the door open, stopping her cold.

Footsteps could be heard inside the lab now. Careful not to bump anything 
with her arms and make noise, Tammy hooked her thumbs inside the straps of 
her thong. Biting her lower lip she began to slowly push the thong down 
her thighs as she listened to the footsteps on the other side of the door, 
just yards away. Once she had it down to her knees, the thong fell to her 
ankles. She was very wet and began to rub herself lightly while she 
listened to the person outside checking the room. Images kept flashing 
through her mind. The man discovering her and looking at her like he had 
found a million dollars, then he would have sex with her like he owned 
her. He would hold her head still as he fucked her mouth and came in her 
throat. Then he would bend her over the instructor's table and hold her 
down as fucked her. She imagined herself straddling him, feeling his dick 
in her while he fondled her tits. 'In here, damn it!' She thought to 
herself. Then the lights in the room went out and the door clicked shut. 
She could hear the person walk off down the hall. "Pathetic security." She 
said. "Doesn't know what he missed."

She waited a few more minutes before stepping out of the thong draped 
around her ankles and opening the closet door. After checking the hallway 
she coolly walked half-naked back to her office. A feat that just made her 
feel hornier and naughtier. Once inside, she locked the door behind her 
then turned to see people walking by on the sidewalk outside. When some 
guys walked by whom she thought looked interesting she would turn around 
and bend over supporting herself with the chair. With her ass high in the 
air she would look back at the man and say, "Oooo, fuck me right now." 

A few minutes later she saw another fine physical specimen walking her 
way. She untied and removed her bikini top, dropping it to the floor. 
Wearing only the heels she leaned up against the desk, spread her legs 
apart and inserted a finger. Holding herself to the desk with one hand, 
she probed herself with the other. While staring intently at the guy 
passing by she whispered a commentary about how she would like him to come 
in so she could do him for the rest of the afternoon.

Not getting any satisfaction from her fingers she picked up the bag and 
pulled out a dildo. More people were walking by as game time approached. 
This was just fine with Tammy. She got down on all fours next to the 
window and placed the dildo on the floor sticking up in front of her. Then 
she proceeded to give the dildo a vigorous blowjob that would have made 
any man envious. She watched the people file by as she bobbed her head up 
and down trying to get as much of the dildo into her mouth. The motion 
made her tits swung back and forth as she held her ass high in the air. 
When she saw an attractive guy she would reach between her legs and slide 
two fingers into her wet hole, moaning with muffled pleasure as he walked 
by. 

After giving plenty of people a show in this position she got up and sat 
in the chair. Spreading her legs, she pulled the chair as close to the 
window as she could. Holding the dildo to her clit she began to tease 
herself by alternately running the shaft back and forth between her legs 
then inserting the head. Then she spotted a really cute guy. "Mmmm, I'd 
like to do you! You can fuck me anytime." She said out loud, confident 
that no one would hear her, and proceeded to slide the dildo into her as 
far as it would go. She exhaled heavily and leaned her head back as she 
moved the fake cock in and out. She began to pant with the rhythm as she 
examined the object of her desire. Slowing momentarily she stared at him 
and exhaled, "Oh, I wish this was you." Then she leaned as far back in the 
chair as she could and resumed pumping the member into her. She began to 
shudder as she came and had to focus in order to keep the dildo moving and 
the orgasm going. Then she let out a loud "Aaa!" as the climax peaked. It 
was so loud that she was sure that if anyone else had been nearby they 
would have heard her.

It was then that she heard footsteps in the hallway and spun the chair 
around to face the door. Did somebody hear her? She would take that 
chance, then leaned forward and very quietly unlocked the door. She placed 
the chair in the center of the room, quietly sat down and leaned back 
again. Covering her pussy with one hand and draping an arm across her 
breasts she faced the door and waited. If it was the security guy, he 
would find that her door wasn't locked and open it to see if anyone was 
inside. Then she would find herself in a compromising position and be 
forced to do almost anything to get out. 'Would he make me walk naked 
through the building to a larger room or would he have me right here in 
front of the window?' She wondered. The thought of having sex while 
watching the people walk by was very arousing and made her hope even more 
that the man walking up the hallway would come in. She pictured a man 
having his way with her. The man rubbing her body and fondling her tits 
while he shoved his cock into her. It had been so long since a cock was 
inside her, making her come. But then the footsteps passed her door and 
kept going down the hall. "Man, what incompetent security. That's twice 
today!" She said shaking her head. By now the game had started and there 
were few people outside.

The next Saturday she waited until late at night. There would be no one in 
the building. Nobody wanted to be there, except Tammy. She was pushing the 
boundaries, trying to get caught without getting caught. Tonight she had 
the bag again, but wore only a tee shirt and shorts. Standing in the 
hallway outside her door she made sure that she was alone, then opened the 
office door and took the dildo out of the bag. Quickly she took off her 
shirt, shorts and sandals and tossed everything into her office. She would 
leave her clothes in her office and be naked everywhere she went. She 
couldn't believe how horny being nude in the building made her feel. Then 
she walked naked down the hall, dildo in hand, to the computer lab. 

Having to wait all week to do this was like torture. She closed the door 
behind her and walked through the dark room to the table where she sat 
when she taught. Then she climbed on the table, lying down on her back. 
With her legs spread and dangling off opposite sides of the table she 
slowly inserted the dildo. One hand moving the cock in and out, the other 
massaging her clit. She imagined the hot guy in her class standing there 
shoving his cock into her and she began to whisper with the rhythm, "Oh! 
Yes! Fuck me! Oh, God, yes! Fuck me! Ohhh, yes!" She could feel herself 
about to come and stopped. She got off the table and walked over to the 
chair where he sat. Throwing one of her legs across the chair she 
straddled it backwards. Holding onto the chair back she leaned her head 
and shoulders back, thrusting her chest forward. "Oh, God I want to fuck 
you. Please fuck me! I'll do anything." She called out, imagining the 
student sitting there. She leaned forward and massaged her clit from 
behind breathing, "Mmmm. Oh, God, put your cock in me!" 


She reached around and placed the dildo pointing up on the chair in front 
of her. She positioned herself above it, closed her eyes and imagined him, 
then let out an "Oh, God I want you inside me!" then lowered herself onto 
the dildo. With her mouth open and panting, she rode the cock, her tits 
bouncing from the up and down motion. Then, without removing the dildo she 
got up and sat on the edge of the long computer desk behind her. Lying 
back, she propped one of her legs up on the chair and flopped the other 
over the computer monitor, then resumed moving the fake dick inside her. 
When she came she couldn't restrain it and cried out, "Oh, oh, oh. AAAhh! 
Oohhww!" As she calmed down it was then that she realized what she was 
doing and how desperately she needed to have a real cock inside her. She 
cautiously returned to her office and threw her clothes on, determined to 
go out and find a guy to fuck. 
 




