Karen's Thanksgiving Hell
by dazed

The following story is a work of fiction, and does contain some scenes of mild to explicit sexuality involving forced orgasms and nudity of a lesbian nature.


It was that time of year again. Karen, her mother, father, and her brother Billy, were all in route to Aunt Betty’s house for Thanksgiving dinner. Karen stared pensively out the window as she thought, or more, dreaded, the idea of having to face Lisa again. Lisa, the only daughter of her aunt and uncle, was a fiery redhead, and a bully. She loved humiliating Lisa by getting her naked when ever possible and teasing her about her “Pancake tits,” as Lisa loved to call them.

Karen was a petite girl with strawberry blonde hair, barely A-cup tits, bald and hairless pussy, a slender body, and pixie face. Lisa, on the other hand, was a buxom redhead with a dominant personality. While Karen was shy and rather reserved, Lisa would fight at the drop of a hat.

As she stared out the window, she remembered that last visit in the summer, and how Lisa had quickly subdued and humiliated her. It was the Fourth of July weekend and they were visiting their aunt and uncle. When Saturday came, Lisa threw a pool party and invited a lot of her friends over. Teens, male and female, were frolicking around the pool.

Lisa and Karen’s parents had left to go into town, which left Lisa in charge. Karen, who was 16 at the time, was lying out with her a neighbor girl of Lisa’s named Stacy. Stacy was tall and lanky, with similar measurements as Karen, except Stacy’s ass was the typical bubble butt, and she had a huge, fleshly vagina. Karen’s ass was a nearly perfect pear shape.

Karen did not see Lisa and six of her girl friends sneaking up on the two sunning girls until they were surrounding them.

“Awww look girls, “Lisa teased. “Two little girls. I wander which one has the smallest tits?”

Everyone around heard Karen and began laughing and teasing them.

“Only one way to find out,” Lisa yelled. “Let’s play strip em.”

Both Karen and Stacy screamed loudly as they tried to fend the pack of older girls off them, but it was no use. Their bikinis were ripped from the bodies in moments and both were dragged to their feet, and their hands pinned behind their backs.

To add to their humiliation, the two sobbing teens were paraded naked around the pool while everyone took pictures and teased their bodies. The humiliated girls wept and pleaded for their swimsuits as they were marched around the pool three times, ensuring that every guy and girl there got a good look.

With the parents gone, Karen and Stacy were at the mercy of Lisa and her hellions, and there was little mercy to be had. Everyone was enjoying their shame.

After the third lap, Lisa and the girls marched the two naked teens to the grass and made them get down on their hands and knees.

“If you want your bikinis back, you have to act like good little dogs. Now let me see you rise on your knees and beg with your little paws, and hear you bark,” Lisa ordered as everyone laughed.

Tears of shame filled both their eyes as they rose to their knees and put their hands in a begging position and tried to bark.

“Woof, woof,” the sounds came out, and were only making everyone laugh harder at them.

“Well, that was rather pathetic,” Lisa remarked sarcastically. You will have to do better than that to get your clothes back.”

The girls forced Stacy onto her hands and feet and Lisa ordered her to begin crawling along the grass. She then grabbed Karen and forced her face against Stacy’s butt.

“Dogs sniff each other’s asses, so get your nose in her butt crack now and sniff!” Lisa ordered as she slapped Karen on her bare ass. “Keep it there!”

“Noooo,” Karen sobbed as she drew her head back in protest. “Please, don’t’ make me do that.”

A raucous laughter erupted when Karen was shoved against Stacey’ butt and Lisa made her stick her nose in the girl’s ass crack.

“That’s a good doggie,” Lisa remarked as she held the humiliated Karen in the position while she followed Stacy crawling on her hands and knees with her nose pressing against Stacy’s asshole.

When they reached a certain point, Lisa made Karen take the lead on the return crawl and forced Stacy to put her nose in Karen’s ass crack and crawl behind her while everyone laughed and took pictures of the degrading act. Lisa took her own pictures for blackmail to ensure that neither of the tormented girls would ever tell on her.

They were given their clothes back when Lisa saw the parents pulling into the driveway. The rest of the day was uneventful, but Karen and Stacy were totally intimidated by Lisa, and knew they had to do what ever she said to keep the pictures from going public.

That night, when it was time for bed, Lisa had a few of her friends sleep over and unfortunately for Karen, she and Stacy had to sleep in the same room, on a blanket in the floor. Once the door was locked and everyone inside, Karen and Stacy were forced to remove their clothes once again and lie down together.

Karen made them kiss each other and grind their naked bodies against each other while the girls giggled and tormented them. They then were made to sleep naked cuddle against each other on the floor.

********
Now, as the car turned into the driveway, all the feelings came rushing back to Karen. She was hoping Lisa was changed by now and would no longer humiliate and tease her. Karen had turned 17, and Lisa was 18. Body wise, there was not a lot of change in Karen, except her tits were now shaped like tiny missiles, and very pointy. She knew Lisa would have a field day with them if she was able to strip her again, so she hoped to avoid that humiliation.

After the customary greets and hugs, Lisa came bolting down the steps, rushing to Karen and hugging her.

“Come up to my room. The guys are all watching football. Boring!” Lisa winked and took Karen by the hand leading her up the stairs.

As soon as Lisa led her into the upstairs bedroom and locked the door, Karen got a foreboding sense of dread. Staring at her were many of the same faces who stripped her at the pool last summer.

“Look who is back for us to play with,” Lisa announced.

“No, no way,” Karen said as she shook her head defiantly. “I am going downstairs.”

As Karen turned to leave, Lisa grabbed her from behind and cupped her hand over her mouth. “Let’s strip her!” she yelled to the other girls who bolted to their feet and dragged Karen backwards onto the floor.

The girls were on her like rabid dogs, pulling and tugging every article of clothing as Karen tried to struggle. Her mouth was duct taped so the people downstairs could not hear her screams. When her bra and panties were ripped off, she heard Lisa exclaim her joy.

“Oh my god. Look at her little tits. They look like tiny missiles, ready to blast off.” Karen winced and screamed into her gag as Lisa began twisting her nipples to get them hard.

“Come on, let’s get her tied to the chair. Dinner will be ready in a couple of hours and I want to have plenty of time,” Lisa barked to the others. In short order, the mean girls had tied to a wooden chair with her legs spread wide and her hands immobile. She could only scream her objections through the gag. Downstairs, she could hear the noise of the football games and smell the food beginning to cook. She wanted someone to come and rescue her, but realized it was probably a lost cause. She was once again naked, and a prisoner to Lisa’s sadistic games.

Lisa walked over and rubbed Karen’s hair out of her eyes and patted her on the top of the head.

“Relax. We are going to have some girl fun,” Lisa quipped with a grin. “Just us girls.”

Karen watched as Lisa pulled a package from her drawer and began opening it excitedly. Lisa pulled out a rather long, slender pink item, then turned to show it to the girls.

“Okay, you all get your phones ready,” Lisa instructed as she told them the app to download for the remote control.

She then strolled over to Karen and with a gleam in her eye, knelt and carefully spread Karen’s labia, then began inserting the device into Lisa’s pussy as Lisa screamed frantically through the duct tape.

“Toss me a couple of towels to put on the floor,” Lisa remarked as she motioned for them.

Ever hear of an ohmibod?” Lisa inquired. “Well, it is a remote-control vibrator. Each girl is going to have an app to control it. We are going to see how many orgasms we can give you before dinner,” Lisa announced proudly. “This is going to be so much fun!”

Tears filled Lisa’s eyes as she looked at all the girls getting their phones ready to torment her bald little pussy.

It was only a few moments before Lisa was shaking almost uncontrollably as the currents worked the vibrator inside her. The first orgasm felt like a tidal wave exploding inside her, and Lisa wept in shame as her pussy spasmed around the hellish device inside. Her screams were drowned out by the giggling of the excited girls.

Twenty minutes later, Lisa was soaked in sweat and her body shaking. This time the orgasm was so powerful at Karen’s hands, that she squirted onto the towels beneath. All the girls gave wolf whistles as a steady stream of ejaculate arched from Karen’s tormented pussy.

Poor Lisa lost count of the orgasms the girls forced on her. When Lisa’s mother hollered upstairs that dinner would be ready shortly, they quickly untied Karen, who barely had strength to dress. She pleaded with Lisa to let her take a shower, so the people downstairs could not smell the sex on her. Karen agreed, but gave her only five minutes to shower and dress.

The meal was exquisite and all that was on Karen’s mind was what Lisa and her friends would do to her after dinner. Maybe she would get lucky and her parents would leave early tonight.
