Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Twenty-One: Leveling Up the Bimbo Sluts
Summary: Three of Eric's bimbos hit the level cap!
Keywords: mF mff FF mf mc inc oral creampie anal A2M A2P rim breed lac bond

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader!

Eric Murphy

I was glad that I came out to New York to see Dad. He was enjoying the Bimbo App. He was at work right now, making his secretary he was fucking into his bimbo, too. It had been hot sharing his second wife with him.

Fucking my step-mom had been hot, but... 

Fucking my real mom was in hotter. She was kneeling in the middle of the suite at the expensive hotel I was at. But I was making money. My working bimbos were earning their keep right now. Mrs. Juarez and Barbie were out there earning right now, and tonight Mrs. Waters and Mrs. Mayers would be doing the same.

I dropped to my knees before my mom and pressed my cock right into her asshole. She quivered as I did that. I loved the feel of her anal ring against my dick. I loved the thrill of being able to fuck my mom in the ass whenever I felt like it.

And I felt like fucking her anal sheath right now.

I pushed hard against her backdoor. She squealed in delight as I did that. Her anal ring widened and widened. My other bimbos were watching cartoons on the TV. There was no porn to rentI couldn't believe that the hotel didn't have any adult pay-per-viewbut there were other things to keep them occupied when I wasn't fucking.

Cartoons and having them fuck each other were good things to do.

Ooh, ooh, Mommy loveys her biggie son's biggie dick fuckying her assyhole, cooed Mom. Just ram that biggie cock into me. I wanna it!

Yes, yes, fucky Mommy in the buttyhole! squealed Cherry from the couch. She thrust her arms in the air and waved them. Purrrrrr!

Ooh, ooh, kitty catty! Tina squealed, bouncing on the couch beside my sister, a rope bound around her body and squeezing her round tits into a pair of lush mounds. Her hands were behind her back. Cutie!

Cutie! Cherry gasped, clapping her hands and staring at the TV.

I smiled and pushed harder with my cock against Mom's asshole. She opened wide. The naughty thing groaned and gasped as I did that. It felt so good having her anal ring widening. It was hot. This was a wicked thrill to have her swallowing my dick. I groaned and Mom moaned as I popped into her backdoor and slid it into her bowels.

She rubbed her face into the hotel carpet. I loved how she moaned as I sank more and more of my cock into my mother's tight asshole. She gripped me with that wonderful sheath. I gripped her hips as I bottomed out in her.

All my biggie, cutie, awesomey son's awesomey dick is in me! squealed Mom. I lovey it so much!

How much, I said, stroking her sides as I savored being in my mom's asshole.

I lovey it as much as rainybows and tweety birds and sweetie candies and Cherry and my biggie son and Tina and rainybows! she moaned. 

Damn, that's a lot, I said, grinning. I drew back my cock.

Oh, so muchy, she squealed, her bowels clamping down on my dick. 

I reveled in the feel of her holding me like that. She gripped me with that tight sheath. I thrust back into her anal sheath. I buried to the hilt in her and reveled in that heat sweeping over me. That was just perfect. 

I thrust into her anal sheath again and again. I loved how tight she was. It was so hot to pump away at her bowels. I fucked her with all that I had. I loved the feel of her around me. She gripped me as I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I loved how delicious she was. It was just so good fucking into her. I savored that heat. I enjoyed that wonderful sensation.

My crotch smacked into her butt-cheeks. I loved the way my cock smacked into her butt-cheeks. It was hot the way her cheeks jiggled and rippled. I loved this so much. I fucked her hard and fast. She moaned out in delight as I did that.

Yay, yay, yay, she moaned, squeezing her asshole down on my cock. She clamped down hard on me. It was just a perfect delight to pound her anal sheath like that. Ooh, ooh, I lovey it. I lovey my son and his cock and his balls and his dick and his smile and his hands and his cummies!

Cummies! Cherry squealed.

I lovey cummies! Mrs. Mayers gasped. She was doing her naked yoga by the window, stretching her lush body. The MILF was so hot. I was making sure her husband was aware of all the naughty things she was doing in New York.

She was doing some hot stuff.

I fucked to the hilt in Mom's asshole. I pounded her anal sheath with force. I slammed to the hilt in her bowels. She clamped down on me with all her might. It was an incredible rush to bury into her asshole again and again. I fucked her hard and fast. She groaned as I did that. I loved the sounds of the impact. They were so hot.

My cock buried into her over and over again. I loved how she squeezed her bowels down around my dick. The friction was so awesome. The pressure grew and grew in me as I fucked into her anal sheath with all the might that I had.

Her asshole clamped down on me. She held me tight. I loved that so much. I savored the way she massaged me with her asshole, building me toward erupting. I grabbed her big boobs. I squeezed them tight as she wiggled her hips.

I love you, too, Mom, I groaned. 

Eric! she squealed, clamping her asshole down on my cock. I lovey you oh, so muchy much. I lovey being your bimboy-mommy, fucky-toy slutty-whore!

I love that you're my fuck-toy bimbo-mommy, too, I groaned, slamming into her bowels. I kneaded those big, soft tits of hers. Let me feel your asshole going wild. Cum on my big dick, Mommy. Show me how much you love my cock!

I lovey it so muchy much, I'm gonna cummy on it and gasp and moan and squeally like a bimoby-mommy whorey whore!

Fucking right you are, I grunted, plowing it her asshole. My fingers found her nipples.

Whorey whore like me! Mrs. Waters squealed. Ooh, ooh, don't get the tweety birdie! Naughty wotty coyote!

Mom moaned louder. She gripped my dick with all that ass. It was just perfect. I savored every last second of this heat. I hurtled toward that hot moment. I plowed to the hilt in her asshole. She squeezed down on me. I buried my cock to the hilt in her bowels. 

It was so amazing. I loved this heat. I savored that delight. My dick plowed to the hilt in her bowels. She clamped her anal sheath down. She squeezed about me with that wonderful dick. It was perfect.

I found her hard nipples. Twisted them.

Eric! Mom squealed, her asshole convulsing around me. I'm cummies! Cummies!

Shit, shit, shit, I grunted as I fucked her spasming asshole. Oh, damn, that's so good. That's just amazing. Mom!

So amazey and goody and greaty and awesomey! she moaned, her anal sheath suckling at my dick.

The pressure in my nuts hit that wonderful bursting point. I buried to the hilt in her asshole. I plowed deep into her, loving how she spasmed around me. She sucked at me with all that amazing flesh. I loved it. I enjoyed the hell out of it. 

My eyes rolled back in my head as she suckled at me. She nursed at me with such heat. I groaned, loving how great her anal sheath was. She nursed at me with everything that she had. I pumped to the hilt in her bowels.

I erupted in her.

I groaned as I exploded into her bowels. I spurted blast after blast of cum into her anal sheath. It was just so awesome. I flooded her with everything I had. The pleasure shot through me. All this heat screamed through my body. Stars danced before my eyes. I loved this heat. It was spectacular. I groaned with each blast of cum erupting from my cock.

My biggie son's cummies! squealed Mommy.

That's fucking right! I growled, spurting over and over into her bowels. Fucking whore!

I'm a mommy-whorey slut! she gasped.

I pumped it all into her bowels. I filled her to the brim with my cum. It was spectacular having all that delight sweeping through me. I groaned with each eruption. Each blast of spunk into her bowels. I felt awesome right now.

Her anal sheath suckled at me. She nursed out all my jizz. It was spectacular to feel. I groaned through each eruption. It was so fantastic to have all that wonderful spunk flooding her bowels. I filled my Mom's asshole to the brim.

My son's awesomey cummies, she moaned as I fired the last of my cum into her.

Yeah, I groaned, feeling so amazing. Shit, you're fucking amazing, Mom.

I am fuckying and amazeying and loveying! she squealed.

My phone beeped with an update from the bimbo app. Before I could check it, Tina bounded off the couch. Her bound body quivered. Her round boobs jiggled as her red hair swept around her shoulders. She stared at me with hunger, her nurse cap on her head.

Cleany times! she said.

Yay! squealed my little sister. She bounded to her feet, her huge tits bouncing. Her blonde pigtails swayed around her face. It was so hot to see. I loved the sight of her quivering. Cleany weanie time!

Yeppers! Tina cooed. She darted to me. Nurse Tina reportying for duty, Eric! I lovey you so muchy much!

That's right, I said. Fuck, why don't you clean my dick while I lick Cherry's pussy?

Purrrrr! Cherry squealed, bouncing up and down. Her huge tits smacked together. My pussy-kitty loveys being licked and lapped and petted and lovedy by you, biggie brother!

She threw her arms around my neck and kissed me with her hot mouth. I loved the way her tongue thrust into my mouth with all her enthusiasm. She was just a gorgeous creature. Just so sexy. I had a hot, little sister.

I broke the kiss and winked at her. I sank to the floor, my dick thrusting out before me. I was so ready for her to just pounce on me. She would sit on my face while Tina suckled my dick. The moment I was on the floor, Tina dropped to her knees between my legs.

Nurse Tina always cleanies your weanie! she squealed as she bent over and licked at my dirty cock. Her tongue stroked over my dick, working to the ground. I loved her dedication.

My sister straddled my head and dropped down to her knees. I stared up her body at her big boobs swaying over me while her shaved, sweet pussy planted on my mouth. I loved the taste of my little bimbo-sister's cunt.

I licked her. She groaned in delight, her large tits swaying back and forth. They smacked each other, rippling in this exciting way. I loved the sight. At the same time, my bimbo-girlfriend licked her tongue around the crown of my cock.

Cleany weanie! she squealed and swallowed my dick.

I groaned into Cherry's pussy as Tina's mouth worked down my dirty shaft. She suckled hard on me, her tongue buffing my dick clean. I loved the suction, my nuts twitching. I tongued my little sister's pussy, stroking through her folds.

Biggie brother's tongue, she moaned. Purrrr! I lovey being a kitty catty with a naughty twaty!

Love your naughty twat, too, I groaned and thrust my tongue into her sweet depths.

She gasped and arched her back, her big boobs swaying back and forth. They smacked together in such a delicious way. Her cunt clamped down on my tongue stroking around in her. I stirred her up, loving this delight so much.

It was a perfect treat to swirl my tongue around in her. I loved it so much. I savored the heat of this moment. My tongue danced around in her snatch. I swirled about in her, wanting to make her squeal out in delight. 

Biggie brother! she moaned. You're so awesomey!

So awesomey, Mom moaned. Ooh, ooh, you're being so naughty by lickying the cummies out of my buttyhole, Virginia.

That was Mrs. Mayers eating my mom out. My yoga bimbo must have her tongue dancing around in Mom's asshole. That was so hot to picture as I tongued my little sister's pussy. I loved the sounds Mom made. And Cherry.

She groaned with passion as I feasted on her cunt. She gasped as my tongue danced around in her snatch. She groaned, her pussy clamping down on me. I reveled in her sweet delights as Tina suckled my cock so hard, the ropes binding her body creaking from her movements.

Biggie brother's pettying my pussy kitty! Cherry gasped, her hands squeezing her boobs. Milk gushed from the nipples. Purrrrr!

I flicked my tongue through her folds, my nuts twitching from Tina's hot sucking. She nursed on me with all that she had. She was such a naughty thing. I loved what she did to me. She made me feel awesome. That was just a hot delight to have her bobbing her head.

Shit, I groaned. You taste so good, Cherry!

I'm a sweetie kitty catty! she moaned. Purrrr!

So fucking sweet! I growled and plunged my tongue deep into her pussy.

I wiggled about in my sister as my bimbo-girlfriend polished my dirty pole. She suckled hard on me. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. I loved how she nursed on me. How much effort she put into it. This was an awesome moment. I felt her suckling on me with all that she had.

I groaned, savoring the way that she nursed on me. She suckled with all her might. I loved that so much. She sealed her mouth around me and bobbed her head. It was a fantastic rush. Her tongue danced around me.

Biggie brother! whimpered Cherry. I'm gonna purry so hard on you! Purrrr!

Drown me in your cunt cream! I growled and flicked my tongue to her clit.

She bucked on my face when I stroked her clit. Her hands squeezed her boobs. Her milk squirted out when she did that. I suckled on her bud, moaning around that little pearl. Tina suckled so hard on my cock, her tongue dancing around the crown of my dick. 

I hurtled toward that moment when I would explode in her mouth. I nibbled on my little sister's bud as she trembled on me. Her big boobs jiggled in her hand. Her blonde pigtails danced as I nursed on her, wanting her to cum on me.

Biggie brother! she moaned. Oh, biggie brother! That's it. You're so biggie and awesomey. I lovey this so much!

I did, too.

I suckled on her hard. I nursed on her with force. It was so hot feeling her squirm on me. I flicked my tongue around her bud, wanting to drive her toward her orgasm. My tongue stroked around her naughty bud. She gasped as I did that.

Biggie brother rulez! she squealed as her sweet juices gushed out of her cunt.

Her entire body bucked as she came on my face, drowning me in her passion. Her breasts smacked together. It was so hot the way they smacked together. I licked up her incestuous flood, reveling in her hot cream.

Biggie brother is so awesomey hot! Purrrrr!

I groaned into her pussy, lapping at her folds as she suckled so hard on me. Tina nursed on my dick with such hunger. I groaned at the heat. It was just perfect. My cock throbbed in her mouth. My nuts brimmed with cum. Her tongue swept over my spongy crown.

I erupted.

My cum spurted into her mouth. I pumped blast after blast of cum into my bimbo-girlfriend's mouth. I loved the pleasure screaming through me. It was so hot having all that pleasure surging through me. I loved the heat slamming through me into my mind.

Tina squealed around my cock and nursed on me with such hunger. She swallowed all my cum as I drank my little sister's pussy cream. I lapped at her cunt and gathered all that sweet cream. It was just so amazing.

This was so fucking hot.

Fuck! I growled as I pumped more and more cum into Tina's mouth. It was just so hot having all that pleasure slamming through my body into my mind. My phone beeped twice.

She gulped down all my jizz. She swallowed it with hunger. I trembled on my back, feeling so good right now. My sister squirmed on my face. I licked at her twat as she gasped out her delight. I grunted one last time.

I fired a last load of cum into her mouth.

My sister smiled down at me past her big boobies. You made my kitty purr, purr, purry purr!

Yes, I did, I groaned, Tina still suckling on my dick. Mind getting off my face. I have to check my phone!

Okey-dokey! She hopped off me and bounced up and down, burning with energy. 

Tina still sucked on my cock. I sat up and stared at her bobbing her head. She had such a naughty gleam in her eyes. I think my dick's clean, Nurse Tina. I have to check my phone!

She slid her mouth off and said, Your dickie needs to be cleany clean!

Thanks, Nurse Tina, I said and sat up. I was eager to check my phone. Mom, Tina, and Cherry were all close to hitting Level 4. I swiped the screen and grinned from ear to ear. They were. Not only that, but they had hit... the level cap.

What were their ultimate bimbo classes?

I licked on Mom and she could become a Breeder Bimbo. I blinked at that. What did that mean? I clicked on the description and my jaw dropped at what the comment said: Breeder Bimbo can have one daughter that will grow up extremely fast as a bimbo for her owner. 

I blinked at that. My own daughter as a bimbo? And a free one at that. And what did it mean she would grow up rapidly? How could that even work? Shit, how even did this app work? I tapped the screen and accepted it.

Ooh, ooh, let's make a baby, Eric, honey-bunny sonny! Mom squealed. She rose to her feet, pulling her butt from Mrs. Mayers who'd been licking it.

Yeah, I said, still shocked by this. Let's make a baby! A daughter. A bimbofied daughter!

Mom beamed at me and darted over. She pressed me down on the couch and straddled me. Her big boobs bounced as she pressed her thick, blonde bush into my crotch. She kissed me hard on the lips. Her tongue thrust into my mouth as she slid her cunt up to the crown of my dick.

She pushed down. Her amazing pussy swallowed my cock. Thanks to her Bimbo Leveling, Mom had the best pussy. She had such expert control over her kegel muscles. Now I knew why. She was building toward being a breeder.

A fertile bimbo who would have my daughter.

I squeezed her rump. I gripped her ass tight in my hands as her hot pussy squeezed around my cock. She massaged me with her pussy walls, working them up and down my cock without even having to ride me.

I groaned into her lips, loving the feel of my mom's excellent snatch around me. I shuddered at how amazing it was to have her cunt gripping my dick. It was an excellent rush having her squeeze down on me like that. I savored this delight as she wiggled her hips from side to side.

She made this even more fantastic.

She slid her pussy up me.

I reveled in Mom's incestuous cunt massaging my cock. Her fertile pussy suckled at me. My nuts lurched. I wanted to give her cum. I wanted to flood her twat with all my jizz. It was just an incredible rush to have her massaging me like that.

She gripped my cock with this amazing snatch.

She rode me with that hot twat. She gripped me with her juicy pussy. It was a fantastic rush to have her riding me like that. My fingers dug into her rump as she kissed me with such passion. I moaned into her mouth, my tongue dancing with hers.

Mom broke the kiss and moaned, Breedy my naughty wotty pussy, honey bunny! Give Mommy a baby girl! Make Mommy preggers!

Going to knock you up, Mom! I growled.

Yay! she squealed. I want to be preggers with your baby and have your hottie seed fill up my womby womb. I'm all wettie and juicy and fertiley and oh, so ready to be your baby-mommy mommy!

Shit, yes, I groaned as she worked her cunt up and down my cock. Make me cum and flood your pussy with my seed, Mom!

I willy will will! 

She plunged her cunt down my cock and slid back up me. She squeezed about me with that hot twat of hers. It was so hot having her do this. I loved every last second of it. This was such a hot moment. I loved every last second of her doing this to me. It was fantastic having her ride me. She squeezed her cunt down on my cock. She massaged me with that hot twat.

I loved how tight and juicy she was. She gripped my cock with her hot twat, bringing me closer and closer to cumming in her pussy. I would just flood Mom's snatch with my seed. I wanted to feel her hungry womb. I wanted to breed her.

And when my bimbofied daughter was old enough, I would fuck her and breed her too.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned as Mom worked her cunt down my dick. This is going to be so hot!

So hottie hot! she gasped, her boobs bouncing. Just like your dick in my pussy. I'm so hottie and juicy and fertiley and I want your jizzies!

Fucking going to get them, Mom! I groaned and smacked her on the ass. Ride my dick!

Yesy yes yes! She plunged her pussy down my dick then slid back up me.

I loved how she gripped me with that hot cunt. She massaged my dick with that amazing snatch. It was just so hot having her work her cunt up and down my cock. Her pussy gripped me. The cunt that brought me into this world hungered for my seed.

I wanted to pump her snatch full of my cum. Just fill her to the brim with every last drop of jizz I had in my nuts. It would be incredible. I groaned, savoring that hot twat working up and down my dick. She massaged me, bringing me closer to that moment of eruption.

She had such an amazing snatch. Just a fantastic pussy. I groaned at how delightful she felt around me. She squeezed me as she massaged my dick. Her hips wiggled from side to side. I groaned, the pressure building and building in me.

Fuck, I groaned.

Fucky fuck my son's biggie dick! Mom squealed. I'm gonna cummies so hard and get all your jizzies and be so preggers! Yay!

She plunged her cunt down my cock. She bottomed out on me and gasped. She bucked, her twat going wild. Her hot flesh suckled at me. She nursed at my dick with that delicious snatch. I groaned as Mom craved my cum. 

She tossed her head, gasping out her delight. She was just so sexy. She massaged my dick as the pressure grew and grew in my balls. I rose toward that amazing moment of breeding my mother I groaned as my nuts tightened. 

Cummies in me and breedy your mommy! squealed the bimbo.

Fuck, yes! I howled in triumph and erupted.

My cum splashed into her pussy. I flooded her with blast after blast of my virile seed. I soaked her womb in my cum, the pleasure slamming through my body. Stars flashed across my vision. I groaned and bucked, Mom's tits bouncing before me.

I squeezed her ass as I savored knocking up my bimbo-mommy. The ecstasy shot through me. The rush of filling her fertile pussy with cum swept through me. It was so wild. I groaned, my head leaning back as I enjoyed every last second of this bliss.

Fuck, I groaned as I erupted a last time.

You bredy bred my womb! she gasped and jumped off me. I'm a preggers bimbo-mommy! Yay!

She darted up and hugged Mrs. Waters. They were squealing together while I panted. I grabbed my phone, wondering what the hell Cherry would get at Level 4. I unlocked my screen, panting, and clicked on my second bimbo's profile to see what she would level up to.

A HuCow Bimbo. What the fuck was as HuCow? I clicked on the link and read: HuCow [Human Cow] Bimbos produce so much milk now. When she's not servicing you, she's pumping herself.

I chose that and my sister's nipples instantly started dripping with milk. The white streams ran down her boobs, which grew another cup size at least. They were giant tits for such a petite girl to have. She giggled at that and darted to me.

I'm a HuCowy bimbo with lots yummy kitty creamy breast milk! She straddled me, her pussy rubbing on my wet dick. Wanna try it? Purrrr?

Fuck, yes, I said and hefted one of her big tits. They must be J-cups or something. I brought her fat nipple to my mouth and latched on.

I suckled.

My sister's sweet breast milk flooded my mouth. I groaned at how good that was. She squealed in delight as I drank her breast milk. Tina sat down beside us and just bent over and latched onto my sister's other nipple.

We both nursed from her while my sister grabbed my dick. Ooh, ooh, I lovey breasty-feeding people. I'm a HuCowy bimbo! Everyone needs my breasty milk!

I moaned my agreement as she pressed my cock into her pussy lips. No, she slid my tip along her slit to her taint. She nuzzled me right against her asshole. I groaned as she pressed her anal ring on my cock. Lubed by our mother's cunt cream, my little sister's asshole widened with ease.

She devoured my dick with her asshole. I moaned around her nipple and gulped down more of her breast milk. It was so delicious. Rich and sweet and creamy. Somehow, it was even more delicious than before. Satisfying, too.

Ooh, ooh, biggie brother and Nursey Tina all breastyfeeding from me! squealed Cherry as she swallowed my cock. I'm such a naughty HuCow bimboy. Moooooo!

I guessed there would be no more purring.

She devoured every inch of my dick with her asshole. She bottomed out on me, squeezing her bowels around my cock. I groaned around her nipple, loving that warm, refreshing milk that gushed from her nipple.

I suckled it all down, savoring every drop of it. This was so good. Just what I needed. I craved this so much. I gulped down her dairy delight. It flowed down my stomach as she slid her asshole up my cock. She massaged me with her velvety bowels.

Biggie brother's biggie dick, she cooed as she worked her asshole up and down me.

I groaned with her every plunge down my dick. Then she slid back up me, squeezing so hard the entire way. That was a hot delight. I loved it so much. I was having such a great time with her riding me. She would make me cum so hard. I couldn't wait for the pleasure to burst out of me.

She wiggled her hips from side to side, stirring her cunt around my cock. I loved how she held me. She gripped me with that amazing asshole. She massaged me with her hot bowels. I groaned, my nuts swelling toward that moment when I would cum in her.

I would flood her with my jizz. Just pump her full of my spunk. I couldn't wait to fill her anal sheath with my jizz. It was such a hot moment to have her riding my dick. I swallowed more and more of her breast milk, Tina happily nursing from the other one.

Mooooo! Moooo! Mooo! Cherry cooed as she rode my dick. 

I loved it.

Her asshole was so hot and tight. She squeezed her bowels around my dick. It was fantastic to have her gripping me like that. She massaged me with her hot anal sheath. She wiggled her hips from side to side, stirring her velvety asshole around my dick.

The heat melted down to my balls. I groaned, gulping down more of her sweet breast milk. The cantaloupe aftertaste was spectacular. Sometimes, I held off suckling just to enjoy it while her asshole worked up and down me.

Then I would nurse deeply. I would drink down every drop of her breast milk I could. It was so hot gulping it all down. I just loved how she bounced on me, her anal sheath bringing me closer and closer to cumming.

Biggie brother makes little sisters go moo, moo, moo! she squealed like this was some fucked up verse to Old McDonald Had a Farm. Mooooooo!

I groaned around her nipple, reveling in the sweet flavor of her breast milk. I loved the delight. I gulped it down as she plunged her asshole down my cock. She took me to the hilt, the heat sweeping through me. My nuts tightened.

Tina moaned around Cherry's other nipple, suckling so hard. I savored this delight as Cherry squeezed her bowels around me. She slid up me and plunged back down me. I groaned as she took me to the hilt.

Fuck! I groaned, ripping my mouth off her nipple. I'm going to cum in you!

HuCowy bimbos need cummies! she squealed. Biggie brother's cummies are the bestiest best. I lovey your cummies, biggie brother! Moooooo!

She plunged her asshole down my cock and squealed. Her asshole convulsed. Milk squirted from the nipple I had been suckling on while pussy juices splashed on my stomach. Her anal sheath suckled at me as I groaned.

I latched onto her gushing nipple, gulping down her breast milk. My sister's asshole suckled at me. I groaned and erupted into her bowels. The pleasure slammed through my mind. Stars burst across my vision as I enjoyed this bliss.

I loved every last second of this. The ecstasy swept through me as I filled her bowels with my jizz. She filled my mouth with her breast milk. I gulped it down as her asshole suckled at my spurting cock. I grunted with each blast.

Biggie brother's jizzies in my buttyhole! she squealed. I lovey being a HuCowy little sister slut!

I moaned my agreement around her nipple. I was glad for that.

She bounced on me as she suckled from me. It was so amazing. I loved every last second of this heat sweeping through me. I groaned through all this ecstasy. It was so fantastic. I loved every second of it. I hit that wonderful peak, my mind rippling from the delight. She had a fantastic asshole. 

I felt amazing. I loved every second of her nursing on me like this. Just fantastic to have her anal sheath rippling around me. I groaned through the bliss, stars flashing across my vision. I moaned around her nipple as Cherry milked out the last of my cum.

Ooh, ooh, so goody greaty awesome! she moaned. 

I popped my mouth off her nipple. Yeah, I said. So curious about what Tina would get at Level 4 now. You can climb off me now.

Okey-dokey! Cherry said and slid her asshole off me. She darted to a nearby chair and sat down. Then she produced a... double breast pump. She attached the cups to her tits and turned the machine on. She giggled as her milk flowed through tubes to a bottle. 

I blinked at that.

Ooh, ooh, look at all that mommy cream! I'm such a naughty HuCow! She grinned at me. Moooooo!

Yeah, I said as my sister milked herself. Where the fuck did that machine come from? It was like the boxes or the maid's uniform Barbie had or the nurse uniform Tina got. This app was insane.

Dirty dickie! Tina gasped and ducked her head down to suck on my cock. She engulfed me with her warm mouth as I grabbed my phone again. 

I opened her profile and saw she could become a... Priestess Bimbo?

The fuck? I asked. This was getting weird. So I clicked on the explanation. Priestess Bimbo can use their holy magic to help their masters. What the hell? Holy magic?

Okay, I had to find out. So I changed her. She gasped and ripped her mouth off my cock. Her head shot up and this strange... saintly look befell her. She smiled at me with such adoration while her empty-headed eyes gleamed.

Ooh, ooh, pleasey, oh, Gody Lord, let my hunky and sexy and biggie dickie boyfriend have just such utterly great and awesomey luck. Ooh, ooh, just shower him in goody luck and keep him healthy and all that goody stuff!

She glowed.

A white light shone around her like a halo or something. She smiled at me then she dropped to her knees and aimed her pussy at me. Her pussy had a light shining out of it like it was a holy cunt or something.

Just, please, fucky my goody pussy and receive your diviney blessing, she squealed. I lovey you so much, and I want you to be goody and greaty and happy and let me washy your dickie all cleany!

Fuck, I breathed and slipped off the couch. This was insane. Insane and hot.

I pressed my cock into her pussy. She had her face in the ground, her hands bound behind her back like a martyr. A holy woman utterly surrendered to her dominator. She smiled at me with this innocence that I couldn't believe.

Bimbo innocence.

That's it, Eric, she moaned. Let me all cleansy you and purify you and make your dickie all goody!

Yeah, I groaned and thrust into her sanctified pussy. I shuddered as the warmth of her was exquisite. She moaned around me, squeezing her pussy around my dick. Oh, yeah, that's good.

She whimpered and moaned, her pussy wiggling around my cock. She felt so good about me as she purified my dirty dick with her cunt. I gripped her hips, feeling the rope wrapped around her. She rubbed her cheek on the floor and purred with delight as I drew back.

Her cunt clenched down on my withdrawing cock, polishing my pole with her juicy and blessed cunt. I groaned as I thrust back into her holy pussy. This was so wild. A bimbo-priestess. I could not believe this was the thrill I was enjoying right now.

I thrust into her cunt. I plunged to the hilt in her pussy. I loved how great she felt. She squeezed around me. She held me tight with that hot cunt. I groaned as I thrust back into her blessed pussy. She wiggled her hips, squirming her twat around me.

Yesy yes! she moaned. Let my goody holy pussy cleany your dickie all up. Ooh, ooh, I lovey you! The Lordy loves you, too!

Fuck, I grunted and buried into her pussy. My nuts slapped into her shaved pussy.

She squeezed her twat around my cock. She gripped me with that amazing dick. I loved it so much. I fucked her with force. I buried to the hilt in her cunt. She gripped my dick with such force. It was such a hot treat to have her gripping my dick like that. I groaned as I pounded her hot cunt with my cock.

She massaged me with that delicious shaft. I loved the way that she massaged me. She held me tight with her juicy pussy. I fucked into her so hard. I pounded her with force. I buried my cock to the hilt in her cunt.

Yes, yes, yes, I growled as I buried into her pussy again and again. 

She whimpered and wiggled her hips back and forth. She churned up her pussy around my dick as she polished me clean. The white glow about her never diminished as I fucked her. She gasped out her saintly passion.

My goody Eric, she moaned. Ooh, ooh, that's so goody great. You're fuckying my pussy so hardy hard! I lovey it!

Me, too, I groaned, fucking to the hilt in her cunt. Shit, shit, shit, that's fantastic. Bless my cock with your slutty cunt!

My cunty is holy and goody and yours! she moaned. Your goody slutty cunny cunt!

That's fucking right, I grunted, slamming to the hilt in her asshole. 

It was so exciting to feel her cunt squeezing around my dick. I loved the way she held me tight. She felt fantastic around my dick. I groaned as I fucked to the hilt in her asshole again and again. She wiggled her hips about me, driving me wild.

I drove into her with hard strokes. Fast ones. I churned up her cunt, reveling in the feel of her pussy around my dick. She whimpered and moaned. Her glow started to grow brighter and brighter. I loved the sight.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's so good. Take my big dick, you fucking bimbo-priestess! Take it! God, I love you, Tina!

I lovey you oh, so muchy! she squealed. I'm your sexy wexy priestessy slut who will make you all goody and greaty and awesomey! 

Shit, I groaned, loving this passion. I fucked to the hilt in her cunt again and again. Her twat gripped my dick, polishing me clean.

She buffed my dick. My cock emerged gleaming in her juices. My other bimbos were watching, Cherry pumping her tits. She had already filled one bottle and worked on another. I groaned, savoring the sight of her milking her udders.

Mom licked my cum leaking out of her pussy while Mrs. Mayers had folded herself up into a ball and watched with hot eyes. Mrs. Waters just squirmed as I fucked her bound daughter. I slammed into the beatific Tina, loving the way her cunt gripped my dick.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned, the pressure building in me.

I hurtled closer and closer to cumming as I fucked her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her pussy again and again. Her butt-cheeks jiggled. She moaned, wiggling her hips and stirring that hot cunt around my dick.

I loved the feel of her. She squeezed about me.

My nuts slapped into her clit as she moaned, Oh, Lordy, I lovey this biggie dick and Eric and his cummies and he's just awesomey and I'm his bimboy-slutty whore and I wanna fucky him all the time and thank you for letting me be his bimboy-girlfriend. Thank you Lordy Lord!

A fucking men! I grunted, pounding her cunt.

I loved the way her bound form wiggled as I fucked her. I wanted to just dump my cum into my bimbo-girlfriend's pussy. The rope creaked as I pounded her. Her red hair spilled over the ground as her warm pussy gripped me.

Her holy pussy. Her blessed cunt. Fuck, she was like a saint now. 

My slutty, bimbofied saint.

I loved the app. I loved her pussy. I fucked her with all my might, hurtling toward that moment when I could cum. My bimbos were all staring in awe. Mrs. Waters was even kneeling with her hands clasped before her as I fucked her daughter.

Holy, she whispered. My daughter is holy and sexy and goody!

Yes, she fucking is! I groaned. Such a holy bimbo!

I am, Tina squealed, her cunt clamping down me. So holy and goody and going to have lots of cummies from your big dickie!

Yes, you fucking are! I slammed into her.

I couldn't last much longer in her wonderful cunt. She held me tight. I slammed into her pussy again and again, my nuts smacking her clit. She whimpered and moaned, wiggling her hips to stir her blessed cunt around me.

Eric honey! squealed my naughty bimbo-priestess. I'm one with you and the Lordy!

Her body burst with this bright, cleansing light. I shuddered, feeling blessed by it. All my bimbos shuddered in delight as I buried to the hilt in her spasming pussy. Her cunt suckled at me as she shone with such purity.

I gripped her hips, loving the way her cunt suckled at me. She nursed at me with all that she had. I shuddered, the pressure in my nuts hurtling to that bursting point. I drew back my cock, her beatific cunt suckling at me.

Cummy in my Holy Moly pussy! she squealed, her hot cunt suckling at me.

Shit, yes, I groaned. Your pussy is fucking holy, Tina!

I buried into my bimbo-girlfriend's saintly cunt and erupted. I spurted blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. I groaned with each blast of jizz that erupted from my cock. The rapture shot through me. Blast after blast of ecstasy slammed into my mind. I groaned with each one, loving this pleasure. It was spectacular.

Her cunt suckled at me as this wonderful warmth swept through me. I groaned at how amazing it was to fuck her holy cunt. To dump my seed into her. She nursed at me with her wonderful pussy. A big smile spread on my lips.

Eric! Eric! I lovey you! she howled as she suckled out my cum.

I groaned and pumped the last of my jizz into her pussy. This wonderful heat burned through me. I stroked her sides. She quivered as she nursed out all my jizz. I grunted and fired the last of my cum into her cunt. I filled her up as I reveled in this delight.

Her glow died down to a faint halo around her head. She whimpered in delight, still wearing her nurse's cap. Her body quivered in the rope. I panted, loving the feel of her snatch rippling around me a few more times.

Thanks for the blessing, I said, my heart pounding in my chest.

My phone chirped. Not a Bimbo App notification, but a text message. Maybe it was Dad. I pulled my dick out of Tina's pussy. Cum dripped out of her snatch as she whimpered there. I grabbed my phone and set down.

I had a few perks I could buy now from the bimbo app. I wasn't concerned about that as I saw that Barbie's dad had texted me. Would he try to weasel out of the deal? I really didn't want to give up Barbie, but I would for the hot weather girl Maggie Storm and the sexy porn star Chloe Hart.

I have the two you want, Bill said. Want to meet up as soon as possible and get my daughter back from you.

You really have them? I texted, not believing it. 

Yep. Just bimbofied Chloe Hart as she stepped off the plane. And Maggie Storm was easy. It's all over the news that she resigned.

I did a quick google as he sent me a picture of Chloe Hart smiling like such a bimbo. It was clearly taken from a phone. It looked legit and Maggie Storm had quit. Some were even saying she made a porno tape.

Okay, well, I'm out of town, I texted back. I'd miss Barbie, but... Maggie Storm and Chloe Hart. I'll be flying back tomorrow. Meet me at my house around 7 PM.

I'll be there. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bill Crest

Shit, that long? I muttered as I stood in the bathroom stall with Chloe Hart. Well, nothing to do with it. I grinned at the petite porn star. I'm going to fuck you in the ass and make you into a Huge Titty Bimbo. He likes you petite, eh? Well, let's ruin that for him.

I did the same thing to Maggie Storm. Little shit deserved that.

Okey-dokey! the porn star said. I've never never ever never done an anally scene before!

You'll do one for me, whore! I growled. Brace against the stall door.

I would enjoy this.

To be continued...
