Carley goes to Reno
by mjkr700

Carley goes to Reno - 1

A month had passed by since Jeff and Andy's party and humiliation at the bar. I jumped every time the phone rang antipating it was someone I knew who saw my escapedes. Phil and I would visit the web sites I was on. At least the ones we knew about. Some of the comment were so nice while others were nasty. Still I would get arroused reading them.

That's when I recieved a call from Michelle asking if Phil and I would like to go to Reno for the weekend with Debbie and her. I came right out and told her that if we did, I was not going to be exhibitting my naked body anymore. If she still wanted us to go I would check with Phil. It seemed like it could be fun and Reno was a cheap hour and a half flight away.

We were to fly in Saturday morning and fly home Sunday afternoon. Michelle knew the owner of a hotel that was a little off the strip but nice she assured me. With half price rates on the room and cheap plane tickets, Phil and I decided to go. We were to spend Saturday afternoon sight seeing. We would then go dancing Saturday night. Brunch was planned for Sunday morning followed by the flight home.

I started looking forward to the trip. Just to get out of town. I've been nervous going out in public lately. I'm afraid someone will recognize me from the broadcast at Mike's bar The best part was that we got the invitation on Monday and were flying out in only five days. 

Saturday came and we met Michelle and Debbie at the airport. We all had carry on bags since it was only one night and the weather was in the 90's. The flight was over in no time and we hailed a cab to the hotel. I was actually impressed. A relatively new 6 story hotel that looked very nice and clean.

I checked Phil and I in at the desk using my credit card and Debbie checked in Michelle and herself. We both had rooms on the third floor. We went to our rooms to get ready for the afternoon out. It was really hot that day. Phil wore shorts, T-shirt and sandles while I wore a new little sundress I had purchased. It was yellow and strapless with built in padding so no bra was needed. I wore my typical white cotton panties and sandles. I wanted to be comfortable in this heat. 

We met Michelle and Debbie in the hallway and discussed where we wanted to go first. Debbie wanted to get a cocktail. The hotel has a roof top bar and she wanted to try it. We all agreed and took the elevator up to the 6th floor. from there, a hallway ramp led up to the entrance to the roof. 

As we walked outside I couldn't believe it. It was beautiful. A neat outside bar and an in ground swimming pool. Right here on the roof! "Why didn't you tell me they had a pool?" I asked Michelle. "Oh, it must have slipped my mind" she replied. There were about eight adults there and most were swimming, to beat the heat or sun tanning. 

We sat at the bar and ordered our drinks. The pool looked so inviting on a day this hot. Debbie and Michelle stood up, pulled their shirts and shorts off, revealing their bathing suits. "Oh come on guys!" I complained as they jumped into the water. Phil looked at me with this "Sorry" look as he took off his shirt and sandles and jumped in the pool wearing his shorts.

This is so cruel I thought. Why would they do this to me. I was sitting at the bar alone, sweating my ass off. Michelle got out of the water and said "Are you coming in?" "You know I can't Michelle" I responded. "This really sucks!" She grabbed my hand and walked me back through the door we entered to get to the pool area. "Look" she said pointing to a small sign on the wall. It read

"ADULTS ONLY..YOU MAY ENCOUNTER TOPLESS SWIMMERS PAST THIS POINT" 

I knew now why we were invited. "Even if I went topless Michelle, I don't even have bikini bottoms to wear". "Follow me" she ordered. We approached the bar and she said "Tony, my friend doesn't have a bathing suit. Would it be o.k. for her to wear her panties in the pool since you allow topless swimming?" "Sure" he responded, "It's all adults on this level." I was so pissed I was set up, I sat at the bar and pouted. I ordered a few more drinks as I watched everyone in that cool, refreshing water. Phil came to the bar and ordered another drink. "Why don't you go in?" he asked.

Wether it was the drinks, the heat, I really don't know. I just pulled off my sundress, kicked off my sandles and jumped in the pool wearing only white cotton panties. Having dark hair, my pubics were peering through the soaks fabric for all to see. I may as well have been naked. Not only was I the only one topless, but my panties were now transparent showing my natural hair color to everyone at the pool.


Carley goes to Reno-2

I decided this trip would be different. After all, the only way I could feel humiliated is if I let myself feel that way. I was walking around in nothing but soaked cotton panties at a public pool and I was going to enjoy it. Period!

I spent a lot of time sitting at the bar, facing the pool, even though I wasn't drinking anymore. I didn't want to get to buzzed. If you're going to walk around almost naked, it's a good idea to keep your wits about you. Phil held my hand and walked me all around the pool area as if he was showing me off to everyone. Michelle and Debbie may have set me up but I was going to take advantage of it and enjoy myself. Or so I thought.

Two hours went by as people came and went. I got some looks and comments of appreciation and disapproval but I took them all in stride. One girl even took her top off but laid on her stomach so no one could see her tits. I was happy to show mine to everyone. I didn't notice that Debbie was gone until it was time to leave. As I looked for my sundress she walked back into the pool area. 

Frantically, I searched, but my dress and sandels were gone! I looked at Michelle, knowing what was about to happen. "Give me my clothes" I insisted. "I'm sorry Carley. They may have been brought back to your room" she said. "Debbie, have you seen Carley's clothes?" she asked as they both laughed. "Oh, I may have accidently left them in her room" Debbie replied.

"Oh...O.K., I get it. You want me to go down the hallway, on to the elevator to the third floor, then down the hall to my room wearing just these damp panties" I said. "Alright, I'll play your little game. In fact, wait just a minute while I jump in the pool again. That way my panties will be soaked and transparent." In total defiance, I jumped back into the pool and walked up to them dripping wet with my bush on display for everyone.

"Well. let's go" I said. Phil seemed almost giddy about the prospect of me being seen like this by other hotel guests. "Carley there is just one small problem" Debbie said. "What's that?" I asked. I may have left your door card in your room too. You'll need to go to the front desk to get a spare" she repled. I turned to Phil and asked him to go to the lobby and get us another door card. "Now here's the problem" Michelle added. "Since you checked in, you'll have to be the one too request a spare."

"I can't go to the lobby like this!" I shouted, wishing I had not jumped back into the pool to make my point. I could feel the enormity of the situation as I realized they may be right about me having to be the one to get the spare card. It's one thing to have a few strangers see me like this on the way to the room. It's another thing entirely, to go the the front desk in the lobby of a hotel, soaking wet in just panties.

"Michelle, Debbie, Please don't make me do this" I pleaded. "I could get in real trouble." I said. "Not to worry Carley. I'll text my friend, the owner of the hotel. We'll check with him. How else can you get back into your room?" Michelle replied as she sent a text to his phone. I wasn't as brazen anymore. The possiblility of a walk of shame down to the hotel lobby scared me to death. I could hear the reply sent to her phone as she held it up for me to see.

"Bring her down. All is ready"

"Bring her down. All is ready? What does that mean?" I asked. "It means, it's time to go to the lobby and get your spare card" Debbie replied. I looked at the girls, pleading with my eyes and asked, "Why are you doing this?" "Because we're living out our fantasies vicariously through you Carley. We don't know anybody who is willing to humiliate themselves in public like you. We all fantasize about this shit, but you actually go through with it. Look at it this way. A little trip to a hotel lobby in your undies isn't as bad as having an unintenional orgasm in a public bar with over 300,000 people watching on line."

Remembering how that felt, and how many times I masturbated thinking about it afterwards, I decided to make the best of the situation and comply. I was going to walk through a public hotel lobby, soaking wet with nothing on but wet panties, showing my bare breasts and pubic hair to anyone who was there watching. Summoning all of my courage, I pushed my chest out and said "Let's do this!"


Carley goes to Reno-2.5

Phil decided to meet us down in the lobby. He said he wanted to watch from a distance. Well my bravado quickly faided as we entererd the hallway and encountered my first spectators outside of the allowed topless area. It was two men and they stopped in their tracks to get a good look at me. One said to the other that they were going to like staying here. Michelle and Debbie had put their shorts and t-shirts back on over their one piece bathing suits. Im sure to make me feel even more exposed. 

After passing four additional people and listening to them mutter comments under their breath, we reached the elevator. As we waited by the door I could feel my heart pounding as the elevator was one floor below us. Would it be empty or full I wondered. As the elevator reached the topl floor and the door opened I saw two women dressed for the pool and holding their towels. I was relieved thinking they would be getting off on this floor. That's when one of the women said to the other, "Let's stay on and see where this little tart is heading". 

She turned to me and asked " Sweetie, you have a really nice figure but aren't you a litttle old for spring brake dares?" I was speechless when Michelle said "she unfortunatly has been locked out of her room." "Nobody gets locked out of their room and goes swimming in a public pool wearing only panties unless they want to. I assume that's where you've been, being that you're dripping wet and displaying your pubic hair in public" the other woman said. That feeling of embarrassment quickly returned.

We rode the elevator down with it stopping several times on the way. No one else seemed to have the curiosity of these two women as they all waited for other cars that didn't have a practically naked woman on them. When the bell rang and the doors opened on the main floor I lost my nerve. I looked at Michelle and Debbie and told them I couldn't go out there. I begged them to get me a spare door card while I waited on the elevator. 

Just then a man in a hotel uniform looked in and said "You must be Carley. Come with me, the manager is waiting for you at the front desk in the lobby". I begged him to get me the card and that's when Michelle, Debbie and the other two women coaxed me out of the elevator. Here I was. Standing in my panties on the main floor of the hotel. 

I could here all the people around and saw several in the hallway. I turned bright red as I was trying to come to terms with my fate. The looks from the people burned right through me as we walked down the hallway and into the main lobby. Noticing there were no children around I realized this was a set up. More than my two friends were involved. This was a conspiracy! 

The hotel lobby was packed and every eye was on me. The man from the hotel led me to the back of the line to wait my turn. There must have been six people in front of me checking in. I was visable from the street through the front doors and really started worrying. Could I be arrested standing here like this. Michelle and Debbie got behind me blocking the view from the street, but that was little consolation. I was standing in the hotel lobby wearing only my wet cotton panties. How could I have gone from reading ENF stories to this in just two months?


Carley goes to Reno - 3

Phil was sitting at the end of the bar in the little pub by the main lobby watching everything with a big smile on his face. "Was he part of this? Was the manager? Who else?" It seemed everyone was enjoying my humiliation. "Was I?" You can't imagine what it's like trying to explain to strangers why you are almost naked. I don't think anyone believed the locked out of my room story. I've seen women on the internet and always wondered how they got themslves into the situation of being naked in public. Now here I am. WTF. 

It seemed like an eternity until it was my turn at the front desk. When I finally got there, Wayne, the manager, told me I had to wait for him to go on break to let me in my room. Not understanding I started to argue with him. He scolded me saying "Listen, I have no one to cover the front desk, and you obviously don't have any I.D. on you. I can't just give you a spare key. I will have to escort you to your room, open it, then once you show me some identification you'll be allowed in. That's how it works. I'll be on break in one and a half hours.

An hour and a half. What was I supposed to do now? Debbie grabbed my hand and said "Come with me, I know how we can kill some time. I was petrified imagining what she might have in mind. With every eye still on me, we walked down the hall and up to a door that had a sign posted. 

Yoga Class from 2:00 to 3:00

Michelle looked at her phone and said "Perfect. It's just getting started. I complained to the girls when Debbie said "Look Carley. You can spend an hour in a small yoga class or parade around the hotel like that. What's it gonna be?" In total submission I could barely get the words out. "Yoga I guess."

We entered the room and of course every one stared at me and gasped. The instructor walked right up and asked if she could help us. Debbie took the lead and gave her some explanation for my lack of clothes. To my astonishment, she bought it. She simply asked the class "Class this is Carley. Does anyone have a problem with her participating in our class bare breasted?" Bare Breasted? That's how she described me to the class? Bare Breasted? They could see I was almost naked! Anyway they actually seemed enthusiastic.

The instructor immediatly commented on my body. "You are very toned Carley. Very well defined. I would like you at the front of the class since it will be easier to point out to the others the muscles we will be using. You being almost naked will help all of us'. I explained that I just wanted to go to the back and take a spot. Everyone insisted I stay in front and be used as some sort of yoga guinnie pig. This can not be happening. 

Michelle and Debbie took their spots while giving me the thumbs up. The instructor started touching me. Not on my tits or pussy, but everywhere else. She started by hold her hand below my belly button and pushing on my pelvis. I was immediatly aroused and tried not to think about these tweny people seeing me like this. She went on to tell the class how tight my tummy was and this is what we were trying to achieve.

For the first half hour she had me the most provacative positions. It was as if her goal was to expose my scantly covered pussy to the entire class. I was going to complain but I found myself enjoying it. I had to keep trying to think of something else because I was getting really turned on.


Carley goes to Reno - 3.5

I was in one position where I was laying on my back with my right shin touching my shoulder. I could just imagine the view of my mound everyone was getting. Because I exersize and stretch regularly, I was never uncomfortable. Just embarrassed. I was starting to worry if this continued I would have another incident like at Mike's bar. Now that would be humiliating.

The instructor had the class gather around as she had me perform one particular pose. I was on my knees, then bent backwards until my shoulders were on the mat with my arms above my head. Michelle knelt down next to me and started egging me on. Totally exposed to everyone I was almost about to burst. Then Michelle started whispering to me. "Be carefull Carley. You don't want to have another orgasm with all these eyes on your moist pussy". The instructor was rubbing my inner thigh showing the class the area we were focusing on stretching. I knew if this didn't end soon it was going to happen again.

Michelle kept whispering to me as I begged her with my eyes to stop. It was no use. My entire body went into convulsions and I let out a scream. I had a massive orgasm right there! Not like at Mike's bar but a flow that seem to go on for fifteen seconds. I was shaking as my panties were being filled with my juices. I was saturated!

As I laid there quivering, I heard the instructor say "Oh dear! That's never happened before". I could feel my cum leaking through my soaked panties. I covered my face with my hands in utter humiliation. Michelle whispered "Thatta girl". I could not remove my hands from my face. I couldn't bare to see the looks on everyone's faces.

The instructer asked me if I was O.K. "You're not hurt are you?" she asked. "Just my pride" I said, still covering my face. "It's alright honey. That could happen to anybody" she replied. All I could think was 'Yeah Right'! Let's get you up. She helped me to my feet and this room with seventeen women and four men were just staring at me in disbelief. Suddenly someone started a slow clap. The rest joined in and they were now applauding me as I stood there covered in my own cum.

"Let's slip off these panties and rinse them out" she said, trying to act like it was no big deal. Standing there in front of all these strangers, I removed my panties. I was now totally naked holding my cum filled panties. "There's a janitor's closet over here" she said. "It has a sink, and we'll see what we can find to clean your vagina. It must be sticky" she continued. Can it be any more embarrassing?

Standing there naked in the closet, rinsing out my panties, I didn't know how to feel. They were not only nice, but actually applauded me for having an orgasm. How do I take that? One of the women handed me some wipes from her bag as I finished wringing out my panties and whispered "You are my new hero". I put them over the door handle as I proceeded to wipe clean my 'sticky vagina' as the instructor put it. It was actually kind of cool having everyone watching this with these looks of appreciation. I couldn't get over it. 

The instructor asked me if I minded performing some more positions in the nude while my panties dried. For the next half hour the class watched as she had me perform incredibly exposing positions. I was glad to do it.


Carley goes to Reno - 4

The class quicly went from one of participation to one of instruction. Everyone gathered around and watched as she had me perform all of these yoga positions. They all seemed to have one purpose. Exposing my mound as much as possible. It felt so liberating watching their faces and she gave instruction. All eyes were on my totally naked body and I made it a point to make eye contact with everyone. There was not one expression of disapproval.

It wasn't long before I started getting moist again. I tried thinking of something else. I didn't want to have another unintentional orgasm, especially without my panties to catch my juices. Imagine squirting at them while she posed me. How humiliating would that be?

The instructor had me pose with my left leg extened out and bent at the knee and my right entended straight out the other direction. She had me lean back and support myself on the palms of my hands as my arms were behind me. With my pussy totally open and exposed she ran her hand along the inside of my left thigh, explaining about the stretching advantages of the position.

As I was still trying not to get aroused, she ran her hand across my crotch. (Accidently she said. Yeah right.) I jumped a little but tried to stay composed. "Wow, you're really wet down there Carley" she said. "Is that from before or is in new?" she asked. Not having any idea how to respond, I heard Michelle blurt out "Carley usually has multiple orgasms. Don't you Carley?"

The girl who gave be the wipes earlier and told me I was her new hero was sitting to my left watching with intense curiosity. "Are you going to have another orgasm for us Carley?" she asked with hope in her eyes. Still in the position I couldn't respond to any of this. I mean really, what can you say? 

Debbie piped up asking "Yeah Carley, how about another orgasm?" This was just getting me more and more hot but I maintained my position and my silence. The instructor asked the group "Would anyone mind if Carley relieved herself?" With all eyes on me they gave a collective "No, we don't mind". I finally spoke up and said "I'm sorry guys but I can't just sit here and masturbate in front of you all. No Way!"

With that the instructor said, as she was rubbing my leg. "Wait here, I got something I know you'll like. I relaxed my position taking stock of the situation wondering what she had in mind. The girl to my left pleaded "Please Carley, just one more orgasm?" I just sat there, naked in front of them, having no idea how to respond to all of this.


Carley goes to Reno - 4.5

The instructor returned in seconds with something she got from her bag. It was this little vibrating egg. I new what it was and have one myself. It's really awesome! Before I knew what I was doing my eyes got wide open and I blurted out "OH I LOVE......" Catching myself I just froze. Afraid to turn and look toward everyone, I surveyed my audiance moving just my eyes. The same look of approval and anticipation was on their faces.

The instructor said "Oh I see you've used one of these". I just nodded yes. "I take it you really enjoy it?" she asked. Again I just nodded yes. Michelle and Debbie came and sat on either side of me while the girl who asked me to have another orgasm sat in front of me. The girls got a hold of my legs and spread them apart. I was now sitting there, leaning back on my hands while my friends held my legs open exposing my wet pussy. 

The whole class manuvered for a position to watch this display. Debbie started rubbing me to get me more aroused. "Boy, you are wet down here girl" she said, rubbing even faster. I just sat there in silence enjoying the feel of her fingers inside me. Michelle said "Carley. You are without a doubt the most fun friend we have. I thought to myself, how many of your other friends get themselves into situations like this?

Gritting my teeth so I wouldn't scream, I waited for the instructor to start massaging my opening with the egg. She lowered it on my clit and I just squirted a fountain of cum. She repeated this several times as my body went into convulsions and I squirted three more times before collapsing in total ecstacy. Debbie rubbed me some more until what was left oozed out of me. 

As I laid there in a puddle of my own cum the class started applauding me again. Michelle and Debbie just smiled at me and got up. The girl in front whispered into my ear. "That was the greatest thing I have ever seen. Can I clean you up?" Unable to form words I just nodded yes. I laid there while she wiped me down.


Carley goes to Reno - 5

After both me and the mat were cleaned up, I got to my feet. So many of those in the class just told me how they couldn't believe what they just saw but were glad they didn't miss it. I was like a celebrity. The instructor said "Carley, there's no doubt that this has been the most interesting yoga class I have ever taught. I'll never forget it". Then she said "O.K. people we have to vacate this room. Everyone enjoy the rest of your day".

I was so excited I started walking toward the door naked. Michelle yelled "Hey Carley. Forgetting something?" as she twirled my panties around her finger with this "Hello-wake up!" look on her face. Just then reality came back and I remembered I had to go back out into the lobby. OMG my husband. I forgot my husband was at the bar. How was I going to tell him what just happened? Would he be mad? He's been present at every ENF situation up until now. 

I took a deep breath as I put my panties back on. I asked Michelle and Debbie to get the hotel manager with my key and bring him back to the room. "NO Way!" they said. "You have had too much of a good time. It's time to bring you down a bit. A nice stroll through the lobby in just your panties should do the trick". 

The fun was over. Now I had to put up with the dirty looks and comments again. I wondered how to tell Phil what happened as we entered the hallway. The coast was clear as we headed down the hall toward the lobby. I could hear the people down there and started to get knots in my stomach again. Debbie and Michelle just kept saying how they couldn't get over how I was willing to do shit like this. I started to feel embarrassed again. Why was I doing this stuff? Just a minute ago I didn't even want to put my panties on. Now I wished I had my clothes back. 

I was peeking around the corner when Michelle pushed me from behind out into the lobby. As I squealed I brought everyone's attention to myself. The looks of complete horror were humiliating. I was standing in the hotel lobby in just my panties and every eye was on me. No one said anything as I stood there. Just daggers from their eyes as they passed and looked down on me. Michelle and Debbie informed me they had to go. They left me standing there in the lobby by myself. I couldn't believe it

Phil came from the bar and led me to a chair in the lobby. I could tell he had a buzz on. "I've been talking to the manager" he said. "He's almost ready to take us up". "How long?" I asked. "Just a few more minutes" he replied as he smiled. I looked at him and knew right away. "You're liking this aren't you? You are liking this! Your wife is stuck in a hotel lobby wearing just her cotton panties and you're liking it! He said with a little slur in his word "I'm not going to deny I'm turned on. Let's face it. My wife is hot and now everyone here knows it".

"How was the yoga class?" he asked, trying to change the subject. I just put my head down and said "It happened again". "What happened again? he asked. "Remember Mike's bar?" I replied. "You had another accidental orgasm?" he said to loudly for my liking. "Keep your voice down" I insisted. "Yes.. Now be quiet I'll tell you about it in our room". Just then the manager approached and told us he was ready.

The walk and elevator ride seemed to take forever. We finally got to the room and he let us in. I got my I.D. and showed him. My dress and key were laying on the bed. Thanks Michelle I muttered to myself. "If it's any consolation" he said. "Many of the guests enjoyed your little exhibition," as he left the room.

With Phil looking to me for answers I decided the best way to tell him was while we were having sex. I removed my panties and he got undressed. I told him the whole story and he got so charged. He kept asking me to tell it again and again, which I was happy to do. As we laid there he said "You do need to be punished you know, for having so many orgasms without me". I could tell by his voice he had something in mind. "You're not going to spank me? Are you?"
I asked. He responded "No. Your punishment will be shaving you pussy and wearing only your little dress while we got out for drinks and dancing.


Carley goes to Reno - 6

Phil and I took a shower and I did as instructed. I shaved my pussy completely smooth. After doing my hair I put my sundress back on. I had just bought it for this trip and only wore it for an hour. I twirled in our room wearing only the strapless dress. It seemed much shorter to me since I wasn't wearing any underwear or bra. Watching myself in the mirror it became clear that it wouldn't take much for my smooth pussy to be exposed. "Are you sure about this?" I asked Phil. "Positive" was his response.

I decided to wear my sneakers instead of my sandals since I didn't know how much walking we may be doing. Phil was in his shorts, polo shirt and he also wore his sneakers. As I stood looking in the mirror one last time, Phil walked up behind me and lifted my dress. Standing there looking at my almost naked body he whispered in my ear. "Are you ready?" I answered "I guess" as he dropped my dress and we headed out to the hallway. 

Walking past the other guests on the way to the elevator I found myself holding my dress down. Phil immediately corrected me. "No fair holding it down" he said. "If it creeps up, so be it". "So you want to expose your wife?" I asked. "From what you told me about your yoga class, my wife likes to expose herself". I could say nothing, so I just let go of the hem of my dress and we took the elevator to the lobby.

As we entered the lobby the manager approached us. I could only imagine what he wanted. My stomach was in knots as I waited for him to speak. He reached out and shook Phil's hand, then mine. "You two be sure to stop by and see me in the morning before check out time. I have a gift for you". A gift? I thought. He followed up by saying it was because we were first time guests at the hotel. It sure beat what I thought he was going to say.

We left the hotel and the slight cool breeze on my naked, smooth pussy reminded me I was almost naked. I had to really work at not holding my dress down. We walked down the street holding hands as I just kept hoping there would not be the kind of wind that would expose me to everyone around. 


Carley goes to Reno - 6.5

We arrived at our first club. Phil insisted we sit at the bar. I would have preferred a table but complied. The place was pretty full and the band had the dance floor packed. Phil of course wanted to dance. Since the dance floor was so full, there was not enough room for him to spin me, allowing everyone a glimps of my bald mound. 

We went to several clubs and a few drinks later I was starting to relax. At the fourth club we decided to play a game of pool. Phil wanted to play, hoping I would have to lean over the table to take a shot, exposing my bare ass. With three 60 something year old men sitting at one booth, I decided to oblige. I had the opportunity and took it. I leaned over for a shot with them sitting behind me. Taking my time, I allowed my dress to ride up showing off my bare ass and gap between my legs. I was actually enjoying providing them with this little peep show.

After taking the shot I turned to them and asked "How are you gentlemen tonight?" Knowing they just saw everything, I waited for a reply. "We are just fine miss. Just fine" one of them said as they all smiled at me. It was Phil's shot so I took the time to chat with them. The feeling of having small talk with three men who just had a ten second view of my naked ass and smooth lips was thrilling. One replied "It's really warm out tonight huh miss". Knowing what he was getting at, I replied "It sure is. Sometimes it's to warm to even put on underwear" as I turned and walked around the other side of the pool table.

Now that I had an audience, I tried to leave myself shots that would expose me further. We played slowly as Phil was enjoying the show as much as I was enjoying providing it. Needless to say they bought us drinks in hopes we would stay and play another game in front of them. Of course we did just that.

As we left the club we giggled at how naughty I was. Right then we ran into Michelle and Debbie outside our last stop for the evening. "Wow, it's great running into you guys" Debbie said. "You'll like this club" Michelle added. "Why?" I asked. "Because you can do pretty much whatever you want as long as you don't fight. The place gets crazy but the security keeps it safe for everyone" Michelle explained. We'll have to visit the 1-G room. "What's the 1-G room I asked. "You’ll see” Debbie answered.


Carley goes to Reno - 7

I pressed for an answer about the 1-G room but Michelle would only say that it was right up my alley. Whatever that means. As we entered the club Phil and I followed Michelle and Debbie to the corner bar of the club. We ordered drinks when Debbie pointed to a spiral staircase leading to a second floor. "The 1-G room is up there". I looked up the staircase realizing that going up those stairs would definately expose my shaved pussy to anyone standing at the bottom of them.

The bartender served our drinks and asked Michelle "Going up to the room tonight?" She nodded and said "All four of us are going up". "Well, have fun up there" he replied. Now I was getting worried. Everyone near the stairs would know I was naked under this thin dress and I couldn't imagine what was up there. "O.K. guys" Debbie said "Let's go up".

We walked over and Michelle led the way up with Phil next, then me and Debbie following close behind. As we were going up Debbie noticed I wasn't wearing anything under my dress. She reached between my legs and said "Kind of brave tonight aren't we Carley" Instinctively I pulled my dress down and closed my legs. "Please Deb, don't embarrass me tonight" I pleaded. I won't have to she replied. 

I was wondering what she meant as we reached the top of the stairs. Michelle turned around and said "O.k. guys this is the 1-G room. That means we each have to give up one piece of clothing. 1-G stands for one garment". I thought I was going to be sick. She continued "That's why I always wear this dress. I can take it off and party all night in just my bra and panties. It's awesome!" she said with such excitement as she removed the dress.

Debbie couldn't wait to jump in. As she removed her dress, she stood there in her black bra and panties saying "Michelle, our friend Carley has a little problem. Don't you Carley". "What problem?" Michelle asked. I leaned over and whispered in her ear "I'm not wearing anything under this dress". She lifted my dress and said out loud "Girl you just can't keep that thing covered, can you?"

Did you tell Phil about your little yoga escapade earlier today?" "She sure did!" Phil said "That's why she's dressed like this." "Oh I like you Phil, this is the perfect punishment" Michelle responded. I could feel my face getting red as the three of them joked about my predicament.
Michelle went up to the man at the door happy to be wearing just her underwear. She handed him her dress and he told her that her claim # was 26. 

Debbie went next, handed over her dress and was told #27. "This is perfect" she said. "They only allow thirty people up here at a time. We just made it". Phil jumped before me and removed his shirt, handed it over and was told #28. 

As I lowered my head and walked up to the man I heard Michelle yell out "HEY EVERYBODY! This is my friend Carley. This is her first time here and she has a little problem. This little cotton sundress is all she's wearing. I'm hoping no one will get offended if she joins our little party TOTALLY NAKED!"

Everyone started chanting "Take it off!! Take it off!!" With twenty eight sets of eyes on me, plus the bartenders and security guys, I stood there humiliated as I removed my dress and handed it over. "#29 for the Naked Lady" he said. They were cheering, laughing, and yelling as I stood there totally naked. "Look, she even shaved her little beaver for the occasion" some yelled out. Phil walked up, grabbed my hand and led me into the midst of the crowd.


Carley goes to Reno - 7.5

Phil took me to the bar and ordered drinks as I stood there listening to the comments. Everything from 'What a slut' to 'Can't believe she has the nerve' and my all time favorite 'You know she's doing this on purpose'. I tried to ignore them. Phil handed me a drink, sat on a bar stool facing the crowd. He pulled me up to himself and turned me toward the crowd as he held his arm around my waist. "What are you doing?" I whispered. "Exposing my wife's totally naked body and bald pussy to everone. Why?" 

"You're really enjoying this, aren't you? I said. "Pretty much" he responded. I took my punishment like an adult and let everyone drink in my nakedness as I downed my drink. We danced and drank some more. By the end of the night I was totally comfortable being naked and the others got nicer as the night went on.

It was time to go, so we all proceded to the door to claim our clothes. One at a time they retrieved the garments (as they called them) and guess what. I was last. Everyone was putting on whatever they surrendered at the door to get in. When he finally handed me my dress I put it on. I looked down in horror. Someone had cut off six inches of the dress. It came down an inch below my pussy and ass. Only An Inch! WTF? I can't walk back to the hotel like this. They all just stared at me, laughing.

Phil smiled and said I can't wait to see you explain this to people. "Phil! This isn't funny!" I yelled. Seeing that they all thought it was, I just said "Fine". "You thinks it's a big joke. Let's go". I headed down the spiral staircase in defiance and through the lower club area. I kept my hands to my side and let them see whatever they could. Right out onto the street, I stood there waving down a taxi, as my ass and pussy were on display for whoever wanted to see.

We got a cab and got in. I purposly leaned in and asked the cab driver a few questions as my bare ass was sticking out in the open. I made no effort to cover myself once in the cab. Phil just smiled the entire way to the hotel as the cab driver viewed his wife's pussy in the rear view mirror.

Back at the hotel it was the same. I walked right in and smiled at the night clerk as I walked by and to the elevator. Once in the elevator I removed the dress and handed it to Phil. "It doesn't cover anything anyway" I said. Out of the elevator and down to our room, totally naked. Phil took his sweet time opening the door as we just laughed about the crazy night.


Carley goes to Reno - 8

The next morning we got up and got dressed. We figured we'd better go see the manager for our gift even though check out wasn't for three hours. I didn't think it would be much. After all we were only there for one night. We went to the front desk and the hotel employee escorted us to the manger's office.

As we entered, he immediately jumped up to greet us. "Please have a seat" he said. Phil and I sat down in his office as he took his place behind his desk. "I have for you a video, I know you'll enjoy" he said as he handed it to me across the desk. "A video? I asked. "Yes, a video" he reaffirmed.

"As you know, all areas of the hotel have video surveillance with the exception of the private rooms. It's posted in several locations. Well anyway, two of my surveillance crew made a video of your adventures from yesturday" he explained. My heart just sank. Afraid I could get in trouble, I just sat there and listened without expressing how underhanded this was. 

He continued "They really did a fine job. It starts with you leaving your room to go to the pool area. It gets interesting when you discarded your dress and went swimming. They captured your wet panties and dark pubic hair brilliantly. Lets us not forget your trip down the elevator to the lobby. I think my personal favorite is the orgasm machine in the yoga class" Phil jump up and asked in anticipation "Do you have that on the video?" The manager said "Not to worry sir, we have it all".

Next is your return trip to the lobby wearing only your panties and walk of shame back to your room. It ends with your bottomless entrance back into the hotel lobby last night and nude elevator ride and walk down the hallway." he finished as he smiled at me.

I sat there totally humiliated. He then said the two guys who put the video together wanted to meet me. I finally opened my mouth and said "You have got to be kidding" He replied "Carley these two guys put alot of work into this. All the editing and so on. What would it hurt to say hello and thanks?" The surveillance room is right through that door, as he pointed to a door ajoined to his office. Phil was so excited to have the yoga class on video, he prodded me into saying thanks.

"This is unbelievable" I stated as I approached the door. I opened it and couldn't believe what I saw. I'm not one to stereotype but can you say "Geek Squad?" These two young kids in their white shirts and dark rimmed glasses looked just like something out of a movie from the 80's.

Feeling more confident I introduced myself. They were stunned. It was as if they were meeting a rock star. I thanked them for all their hard work and shook their hands. I turned as I was getting ready to leave and asked "I suppose you two have a copy for yourselves?" as I winked at them. They just shook their heads up and down. "Well I hope you enjoy it for some time to come" I said as I walked back into the manager's office.

Phil was almost giddy to have it all on video. I looked at the manager and said "They seem harmless enough. I'm glad I could entertain them". He replied "Well Carley if you're interested, I'd be happy to offer you a free weeks stay at the hotel if you'd give them a live demostration".

"What?" I yelled. "A live demostration? Are you nuts?" He responded by saying "They have never even seen a woman naked, yet alone someone with a great body like yours. Maybe you can watch some of the video with them?" Phil seemed to want me to do it so I figured why not. Give them a thrill and maybe even myself.

Well if I'm going to do this I should wear what I had on yesterday. Can you get me an escort so I can go to my room and change? Oh and remember my dress is a bit shorter than it was yesterday" I said. "That will not be a problem" he replied with a smile.


Carley goes to Reno -8.5

The manager summoned the same man that escorted me to the front desk in the lobby, while I was wearing just my panties. I was glad it was someone who had seen me like that and was still respectful. The manager asked me what had happened to my dress that it was so much shorter returning to the hotel than it was when we left to go out. I turned to Phil and said "Why don't you tell him about our night out?" as I turned and walked out of the office

All the way up to the room, all I could thinks about was being naked in front of these to computer geeks and being the only one who was 'not' embarrassed. I couldn't wait. I entered our room and stripped to my panties while my escort waited in the hall. I was wearing my standard white cotton panties as they were what I almost always wore. (Don't worry, I have many pairs.) I put my shortened sundress back on and looked at myself in the mirror. It seemed even shorter than last night, but having panties on gave me the necessary courage to walk back through the hotel to the manager's office.

I exited the room, looked at my escort and asked "Are we ready?" He took one look at me and said "Yes mam!" While riding the elevator down he said "I really enjoyed the video miss. You've got guts". I felt partly proud and somewhat embarrassed, knowing he had seen everything. I simply replied "Thank you".


Carley goes to Reno -9

The elevator reached the main floor and we walked down the hall and through the lobby to the manager's office. I was already starting to be turned on wearing only such a short dress and panties. I didn't attempt to see people's reactions since I didn't want any buzz kills. I entered the office to Phil's and the manager's smiles and stares.

"Are they still in there?" I asked. The two nodded as I instructed them to wait in the office. I told them they could leave the door open but I wanted the boys complete attention. With no argument, I entered the surveillance room.

"Hey guys" I said as there eyes focused on my scantly covered body. They could barely get out the word 'Hi' as their eyes were practically popping out of their heads. "Would you mind showing me the film you made? I can't wait to see it" I said. Stunned, they just nodded, never taking their eyes off my body. This was going to be fun I thought to myself.

"Where should I sit for the best viewing experience?" I asked. "After all, you guys have probably seen it several times, huh?" Their faces turned bright red as they set me up in a chair between them and in front of the screen we would be watching it on.

I took my seat and turned to each of them saying "It was really sweet of you two to make me a movie to take home to remember our stay at this fine hotel." I was really laying it on thick. I looked at the screen, almost giddy in anticipation. 

The film started and they actually put a title at the beginning. 'Carley's Hotel Adventures' it said across the screen. "Oh, I love the title boys, Thank you so much" I said as the film started. I made sure to turn left and right and have complete eye contact with them every time I spoke. Like I thought earlier, this was going to be fun.

The film started with Phil and I leaving our room and meeting Michelle and Debbie in the hallway. The manager had told us earlier that the surveillance system was new and state of the art. Well he was right. Everything was so clear and they were able to zoom in and out on the different camera angles which was great for making this movie. Of course it has no sound but that was great as far as I was concerned. It gave me the opportunity to narrate the film for the boys.

We went up the elevator, which was on the film and down the hall to the pool area. Everything was caught perfectly on film. From our first trip to the bar, to my walk out to see the 'topless swimmer' warning sign, to me sitting at the bar pouting about not having a bathing suit.

I was telling the boys how mad I was my friends set me up, when I noticed the length of time I was the only one not swimming was edited to be just a few minutes. They managed to catch my frustration without dragging it out the 45 minutes it actually was.

"This is wear I take off my dress!" I exclaimed, while watching myself remove the sun dress. Seeing myself on film removing the dress and running for the pool inspired me. I stood up and removed the same dress (now shortened quite a bit) and stood there in front of the boys in just my panties.

As they stared at me in disbelief, I said "Oh you boys don't mind do you? I'm trying to stay in sync with this wonderful film you've made". Unable to remove their eyes from my tits, they managed a collective "No, we don't mind". "Oh good " I replied as I folded the dress and laid it on the desk. Taking my seat wearing only my panties, I told them both how much I was enjoying my premier.

I was constantly telling them how I was feeling at the time as the film went on. From walking around topless in soaking wet panties showing my pubic hair to everyone, to dealing with dirty looks from others and some of the rude comments. I was having at least as much fun as these to boys who had never seen a naked woman in real life. I was happy to be the first.

The film continued to the part where my dress and room card were missing, to the walk of shame to the Lobby. It was such a high to be sitting there in just my panties telling the two boys my most inner feelings of embarrassment, humiliation to the thrill of being exposed to so many people in public.


Carley goes to Reno -9-5

I noticed the bulges in the boys pants as I explained how I felt standing in the lobby in just my panties. The more we watched, the more we were turned on. I fought to keep my fingers from massaging my pussy. The time for that had not yet come. 

The film took us to the yoga class next. When I saw the clarity of the film from inside the room I could feel myself getting wet. Knowing what I was about to see and better yet, what I knew these two had seen over and over, was making keeping my fingers from my opening almost unbearable.

I continued telling them how I was feeling as my unintended orgasm scene was fast approaching. As I saw my mound pushed up for all to see, and Michelle was talking in my ear, I asked if they could zoom in on my crotch. Happy to oblige, one of the boys did as I asked and zoomed in on my now throbbing pussy. We watched as my body convulsed and my panties were instantly full of my own juices.

He must have been reading my mind, because he went back so we could see it again. I started really getting into the story, asking them if they had any idea how embarrassing it was for all these strangers to witness this. I explained in detail as we watched me lying there with my hands covering my face and my panties loaded with cum.

I stood and removed my panties, coordinating the move with the removal of my panties in the film. I was so happy to finally get them off. The boys stared at my now exposed, bald pussy. I looked down at my mound, then to them asking if something was wrong. Unable to take their eyes off my glistening lips, I answered my own question.

"Oh I know" I exclaimed. "It's because unlike in this part of the film, my pussy is now completely smooth. well I hope that's O.k. My husband Phil and I got a little frisky last night. Being sure to have my feet spread apart about a foot and a half, giving them the optimum view, I followed their eyes up from my pussy, to my now hard nipples and finally to my face, they muttered that it was fine.

"I'm glad" I said as I took my seat again between them. "Well, let's continue the film" I said, barely able to contain myself knowing my multiple orgasms were next on the film. I started rubbing my pussy as one of the boys got up and ran into the small bathroom adjoining this little room. "I bet I know what he's doing" I said as I chuckled with the remaining boy. (I say boys but they were about twenty years old even if they looked sixteen)

I sat up in my chair with my legs spread apart and asked him "Can you answer a question for me?" He nodded yes as I continued "Did you jerk off when you were making the movie?" He turned beet red and nodded yes. "How many times?" I prodded. He put up his hand with four fingers sticking up. "Four Times? I asked. Without getting an answer I said "That is so sweet. I am so flattered!"

"Would you or your friend mind if I masturbate while we watch the rest of the film? I'm so horny and I feel so at ease with you guys". He finally got the courage to look in my direction but his eyes fell on my spread open legs with my hand massaging my smooth pussy. "That'll be O.K" he said quietly, still watching my fingers at work. "Thanks", I said, "I"m really in the mood".

The other boy came out of the bathroom to find me purposely putting everything on display for them. I said "Your friend said I can masturbate while we watch the rest of the movie". He immediately turned and went back into the bathroom. I said to the remaining boy "That's o.k. , some people like to do that in private".

He started the film again as I continued to narrate and play with myself. Watching the yoga class applauding me, I told him how the instructor said I had a sticky vagina. As the multiple orgasm section approached, the other boy returned from the bathroom. He took his seat next to me but repositioned his chair to get a better look of the show I was providing.

I never said anything to him because I did not want to embarrass him. I wanted him to stay and watch me. I started working my fingers faster while thrusting them into my opening. The multiple orgasm scene was next. The boy running the film asked "Would you like to see what we did last night for this part?" "Sure I would" I replied working my fingers more feverishly.

Not knowing where his new found courage came from, I listened intently. "We looped the next part so it would run over and over and put it on slow motion" he said. This was a dream come true. "PLEASE do that, Please" I begged as I worked myself into a frenzy. I had gotten so carried away watching it this way, I didn't notice the other boy was filming me with his phone.

When I did finally notice, I dismissed it as I looked at him and started to moan. "I love doing this in front of you" I said. "I Absolutely Love It!" He got my entire massive orgasm on his phone and strangely enough I was glad as I fell back into the seat covered in my own cum again. "Thank you so much guys, Thank you" I said as I just smiled at them in total ecstasy.


Carley goes to Reno -10

The boys put away their phones for a minute while I continued my verbal appreciation. "Seeing myself in that yoga class totally naked and having those multiple orgasms in front of all those strangers got me so turned on. I really appreciate you guys letting me masturbate. Having you watch me made my orgasm that much better. Thank you again" I said.

Just sitting their talking with them I had no desire to get dressed. I kept up any small talk I could think of to stay naked for their approving eyes. After a few minutes, Phil entered the room. I looked over my shoulder at him and said "Hi honey, I had another orgasm" making no attempt to cover my naked, glistening pussy. "I see that" he replied as he leaned over and kissed me. "Looks like you enjoyed it" he said as he smiled.

"Are you going to introduce me to the young film makers?" he asked. Realizing I didn't even know their names, I sat up leaving my legs spread open and said "Guys, this is my husband, Phil" Phil reached out to shake their nervous hands as he said "I'm really pleased with the film. I watched it with your manager in the next room. Great Work Guys".

Right then the manager entered the room and of course looked my naked, sticky body up and down. Again, with no attempt to cover up, I was now sitting in a room, totally naked, just had an orgasm, in a room with four dressed men. One of which was my husband. Still there was no desire to get dressed.

The manager pulled up a chair and sat next to me. "I have an idea" he said. "On your next trip to the hotel, would you be interested in posing nude for a life model class in the lobby?" Thinking how this all started when I posed nude at Ed's for an art class, I listened to his proposal. He definitely had my attention. 

He continued explaining how he could get the proper permits. "Posing in the lobby would allow people in the hotel and those passing by on the street, access to see. Any one who thought themselves an artist would be welcome to come paint or draw your naked form" he explained. All I could think about was that I am sitting naked in this room, actually considering it. I looked to Phil and asked "What do you think honey?" "I'm o.k. with it" he replied.

"I'll give it some thought" I told him as I stood up and thanked the boys again. I reluctantly picked up my dress and panties, still not wanting to put them on. Phil knew I wanted to stay naked and said "Carley, you should leave the guys you panties as a souvenir". Before I could respond, the manager said "If you'd like to leave them your dress, I'll walk you to your room. It'll give you a chance to see what it would be like to be totally naked for the art class in the lobby and visible from the street.

Feeling it was safe, I handed my clothes to the boys. I followed him into the lobby as Phil took up the rear. He walked me around in front of everyone making up conversation as if we were planning this upcoming event. He walked me right up to the front plate glass window and we looked out to the street. Playing it up, I said loud enough for those around to hear "Are you sure the permit covers me to be visible from the street?" 

With my hands on my hips, taking in the looks of the passing pedestrians, I listened for his reply. "Don't worry. The life model permit allows you to be here nude for the art class". "As long as you're sure" I said and we made our way to the elevator. Once on the elevator I said "I'll do it!" looking to Phil for his approval, which I received immediately. Up to our room, we had just enough time to meet Michelle and Debbie and catch our flight home.





