BA looked grimly at Hannibal from where he stood in the kitchen of Face and Murdock's house. Hannibal shrugged slightly; there wasn't much else he could do, though he worried. It wasn't like Murdock to get angry, and when he did, he went quiet. The silence was more disturbing because Murdock tended to fill the room with his chatter. Face, meanwhile, had buried himself in checking every possible detail in the hopes they'd overlooked something.

Hannibal hated seeing them like this; he'd seen Amy with them at dinner the previous evening. They'd been relaxed, happy, comfortable, and well on the way to being deeply in love with her. His greatest worry then had been how to tell them he wasn't fooled by the pretense that Amy was only seeing Murdock. There'd been none of the tension he'd gotten used to seeing when Murdock or Face had dated someone else.

Her condo had been checked, again. Places they knew she frequented had been checked. They'd found her car, wrecked, but hidden from the main road. Face had initially missed the scar to the giant oak tree, since he'd approached at it from the opposite direction. Whoever had Amy had taken the time to wedge it further into the grove of trees, hiding it even further. It had been abandoned ten miles from her place of work, blood staining the driver's seat. That had sent them scurrying to check area hospitals and emergency clinics, including a few that asked no questions about how someone got injured as long as cash was paid, but to no avail.

"Maybe we're going about this all wrong, Hannibal," Murdock offered, the words hesitant at first. "What if it's someone who knew Amy was helping us?"

"You think it's one of our enemies?"

"Who else could it be?" Murdock asked.

"Can't be," Face said as he poured over a map of Los Angeles. He had a ruler and a pencil and was triangulating the routes Amy had to take to get to work.

Hannibal looked at him and his eyes narrowed. "Why not?"

"You're still keeping up that list?" BA asked Face.

Face shrugged. "I did learn a few things from that computer class I took." He smiled briefly. "Just not what the instructor intended."

"What list?" Hannibal demanded.

"Well, BA helped with it," Face demurred. "See, the assignment was to create a table with names and numbers in it. Just two little columns, nothing fancy. Well, I talked with some people in my class, and got a hold of a few people who knew people who knew people, and, with some input from BA, because I couldn't remember everyone — well, I know where our enemies are."

"It's a database, Hannibal," BA put in.

"You didn't bother to mention this earlier, Lieutenant?" Hannibal asked incredulously.

"I did try to tell you I had the angles covered," Face said, irked. "You weren't listening. Now, it's possible I missed someone, but the most likely folks to do this sort of thing to Amy aren't due out on parole for another year at least." He drew another line and stared at the map. "Damn."

"What is it, Face?"

Face pointed to the map, which lay across the dining table. "This house is here in Montclair —" he pointed to the northeast section of the map "—Amy's condo's here on the west side of LA, which is south and east of the Channel 11 office building. Either way, it's mostly freeway. We found her car off Highway 101, right where both the route from our house and the route from her place meet."

"Ain't no way that's a coincidence. Someone was tailing her," BA surmised.

The four men looked at each other grimly.

"Face, Murdock, when you found the car, did you notice anything around it that stuck out?" Hannibal asked.

"Billy wanted to go to doggy day care," Murdock said, "but I said no. Oh, hush, Billy, I'll find you a playmate, you'll see."

"Shut up, fool," BA growled.

"No, actually, BA, he's got a point," Face countered. "Damn, why didn't I see this before? I knew I was missing something."

When Face didn't immediately elaborate, Hannibal prompted, "See what, Face?"

"If you get off the freeway there, you can cut across surface streets, get out of the freeway crawl, but there's a daycare center for dogs about four blocks from where we found Amy's car. You have to stop at a crosswalk before you get there. Bright yellow brick building, chain-link fence, right on the corner and hard to miss in that little strip mall that's there." He glanced at his watch. "It's probably too late now to contact anyone there. If they run them like they do daycare for kids, they won't have anyone there after seven, and it's now almost eight."

"Give it a shot anyway," Hannibal ordered.

"BA, would you hand me the phone and the phone book behind you?" Face asked.

Out of courtesy, the rest of the team moved out of the kitchen and into the living room.

"All right, guys," Hannibal said, "we saw the news earlier: they didn't mention anything about Amy being missing."

"They ran the extra segment she taped last week," Murdock said, nodding. "She was saying that they always tape an extra one just in case something comes up — usually the producer decides he doesn't like one of them for some reason. Amy was really psyched about this one — she said she had a lot of fun with the fire department, demonstrating the flammable nature of spray confetti and other aerosol products."

"Sounds like they're assuming she just decided to take an unscheduled day off," BA said.

"Murdock, you said earlier you checked in with Robyn, the friend of Amy's who called," Hannibal said. "Did she mention anything about the station having a policy about calling the cops in a situation like this?'

Murdock shook his head. "I didn't ask her that. She gave me her home number. I'll use my mobile and call her." He took a deep breath. "Hannibal, if we don't find Amy "

"We'll find her," Hannibal said firmly. "We haven't lost a member of this team yet and I don't want to start now. Go make that call, Murdock."

Hannibal waited until Murdock had gone into his bedroom to make that call before he turned to BA.

"You got Amy's car towed back to your shop?"

BA nodded. "If the cops get involved, they'll want to look it over for evidence," he reminded him. "They'll give us grief for removing it."

Hannibal's eyes narrowed as he considered this. "I'm not getting the cops involved until we know there's no other option, BA. We can find her faster than they can and avoid some of their red tape. Now you said that 911 dispatcher friend of yours said no one reported seeing the car wreck, which means no one's looking for her."

BA shook his head. "Hard to believe no one would bother being a Good Samaritan," he said disgustedly.

"Nobody to see it," Hannibal pointed out. "Not much there but the road and the half-abandoned strip mall and that line of trees bordering the park. If she left here by six, the only folks around to see her crash would be the other cars on the road, if there were any. If she was lucky, a jogger might've seen her, but it doesn't sound like it. Besides, we're in LA. You know nobody stops for a crash in this town, especially where she was."

BA sighed, frustrated. "You think Face is wrong about it not being one of our enemies?"

"No," Hannibal said after a moment. "But I'd feel better if I could see this database. You know how to access it?"

BA nodded. "Face showed me, since I helped him put it together. It's on his computer in the office upstairs, but I saw it when he was checking it earlier, before you showed up. I don't think he's wrong, Hannibal."

Hannibal looked at BA a moment, then nodded. "That's good enough for me, then."

Just then, Face stepped into the living room. "I just talked to the owner of the doggy day care. She doesn't remember seeing Amy's car, but her brother has a search-and-rescue dog. They'll meet us at the doggy day care if we bring something with Amy's scent on it."

"Got anything like that?" Hannibal asked.

Face nodded. "She forgot to take her clothes she wore this weekend with her this morning. I'll be right back." He headed upstairs.

Murdock stepped out of his bedroom. "Robyn says she doesn't think they have a policy on calling the cops." He looked worn out by the conversation. "She's pretty frantic, Hannibal. Her little brother was kidnapped. They never got him back."

"We'll get Amy back," Hannibal vowed as Face came back down the stairs, holding a small canvas bag and a printout, which Hannibal assumed was a hard copy of the database — plan B in case the dog didn't work out.

With that, the team climbed into BA's van.

By Amy's estimation, Kevin had been ranting for a good twenty minutes now; if she interrupted, he cut or hit her. She now had shallow slices on her arms and legs in addition to her stomach wound. He had strong hands and a wickedly powerful slap. He was on his third or fourth rant since lunchtime; he'd rant for a while, hurt her, then leave her alone. The Barbie clock on the white-and-pink dresser across the room told her it was now almost three-thirty.

She'd thought, somewhere around the time her stomach reminded her it was lunchtime, that he felt remorse for his actions. He'd untied her, allowed her to use the tiny, windowless bathroom, allowed her to clean her wounds up a bit. When she'd turned to thank him for it, he'd stabbed her again with a sedative, tied her up, and woken her up with smelling salts to hear him rant about how she and the system had failed him, failed his daughter. What 'system' he meant, Amy wasn't sure he even knew anymore. If he'd been a rabid dog, he'd have been foaming at the mouth already. As it was, she wasn't sure if she could reach him; his grief had driven him insane.

The pain from her stomach wound flared across her senses, but Amy refused to let it dictate her. She had to reach Kevin somehow. If she didn't, she knew she was as good as dead; she wasn't sure how much longer she could hold out now. Her greatest defense had always been words.

"Kevin, please don't hurt me anymore," she pleaded. "Hurting me isn't going to get your story heard."

He slapped her, hard. "You don't understand," he told her. "I don't care how much you hurt. I hurt worse. You promised to tell the truth. You promised you'd tell Jennifer's story."

"But—" It hurt to move her jaw, and she had to swallow against the pain. "I don't have control over the stories I tell. I have some say, but not all. I tried, but my producer overruled me."

He dug the knife he held in deeper. He was slicing her open, one slow, maddening stroke at a time. "I don't care how much you hurt," he repeated. "You were my last hope. Everyone else turned me down. I heard you were fair, that you told the stories no one else would. My daughter was my reason to live. Everyone else I talked to didn't give a damn. I waited four months. Watched you every work day, like clockwork. You failed me."

"I tried, Kevin. If you stop cutting me, I'll try again," Amy bargained. "Kevin, if you keep this up, you will kill me. How can I help you then?"

He stared at her as if that idea had never occurred to him.

"I know you hurt," Amy said quickly, pouncing on his confusion. "I know I don't understand, but please. Give me the chance to tell the world. I still have contacts at the LA Courier; I could run a news article. I can't do that if you keep on hurting me."

He continued to stare at her. For a moment, she thought she'd reached him. Then he took the knife and sliced her one more time. This time, the knife cut deeper, and she felt new pain flare across her senses. She glanced down, and wished immediately she hadn't. She could see just how nasty the wound in her stomach had become.

"I trusted you," he said quietly, stepping away. "Guess you just prove you can't trust a woman. Especially not a woman reporter who doesn't give a damn about saving someone else's little girl."

"I never said I didn't care!" Amy shot back.

"If you cared," he told her with finality, "you would've pushed harder to get my story on the air. I have nothing now, thanks to you."

He walked out of the room, shutting the door behind him and leaving her to bleed. She wasn't sure if she could hold on long enough for rescue; there were spots forming in her eyes and she felt lightheaded and dizzy. She knew enough of wound care from her days with the team to know she was slowly bleeding to death. She wasn't even sure if Face and Murdock even knew she was missing now. For a moment, she wished she could talk to them one more time, tell them how much she loved them, tell them she was sorry she'd gotten into this situation.

When she heard the gunshot from the living room, she closed her eyes and surrendered to the tears and pain.

"Your friend's in that house," Brian, the dog handler said four hours later, holding back the German shepherd with an effort. They'd had an agonizing half hour where they all thought the dog had lost the trail, only for the bloodhound to pick it up again, thanks to a dropped shoe, an observant cab driver, and a healthy dose of the kind of sheer good luck the A-Team always managed to find in situations like these.

Armed and ready for the worst, the team moved out, surrounding the small, Spanish-influenced house. Hannibal knocked on the door, his gun concealed by the light jacket he wore. Face backed him up; Murdock and BA watched the perimeter while Brian and his dog hung back at the van.

No one answered the doorbell. Instinct born of a thousand battlefields had Face scanning the area around the house. Night had fallen, but in the overly bright glow of the street lights, the neighborhood seemed unreasonably still. He glanced at Hannibal, who nodded confirmation: he felt it too.

For a moment, Face's mind went blank as it filled with what could be awaiting him beyond that door.

"The door, Face," Hannibal ordered softly, snapping him out of his fear. Hannibal's voice made his name sound like the rank he'd addressed him as for years, and responding to that tone of voice was an old, ingrained habit.

He nodded acknowledgment of that order and went to work on picking the lock.

The door swung open easily to reveal a living room, where a TV played. Hannibal went in first to check the room, Face a heartbeat behind.

Face watched Hannibal go to the recliner, where a middle-aged man lay slumped, bleeding from a wound to the heart. The gun on the floor made the cause obvious; what they didn't know was whether he was still alive. Mindful of the blood, Hannibal checked the man's pulse.

"Dead," Hannibal pronounced, stepping away. "Check the bedrooms."

Face nodded. The man was no one he recognized.

The first bedroom was locked; a glance into the master bedroom at the end of the hall showed it was empty, as was the single bathroom. "Amy?" Face called in hope as he went to work on yet another lock. This one was far simpler than the front door and yielded easily.

Overwhelmingly pink walls were echoed in a Barbie pink bedspread on a white twin-size poster bed. Amy lay tied to the headboard. Blood stained her clothing. She wasn't conscious. For a heartbeat, he believed she was dead, but he didn't want to believe. Praying silently, he felt for a pulse. It was weak, but there. Cursing, he swiftly cut the ropes binding her, wincing again as he noticed how deeply they'd cut into her wrists. He noticed as well that there were multiple cuts on her arms and legs.

"Amy, wake up," Face ordered as he checked for the location of her major wound. Blood saturated her stomach from a deep slice, and Face swore. He could see her intestines had been injured, though how much he didn't know. Carefully, he checked for any other wounds, following the first aid he'd learned through necessity over the years. He tried his level best to keep from looking at her as his lover, though he knew a scream was building inside his body, demanding release. Her face was heavily bruised, as if someone had been punching her.

"Face?" Hannibal asked. Face took a deep breath, taking comfort from the level, no-nonsense tone Hannibal used. If Hannibal could be strong, then so could he.

"We need to get her to a hospital now, Hannibal," Face said. "Bastard beat her up. He cut her up; worst one's her stomach."

"How bad?"

"She's not responsive. She might be drugged," Face said grimly even as he reached for the first aid kit he'd strapped to his belt. "Might be just out of it from loss of blood."

Hannibal assessed the situation, his gaze taking in everything as he did so. His eyes flashed when he realized how badly Amy was injured, and when he spoke, his voice was that hard, battlefield tone he'd cultivated out of sheer necessity. Hearing it gave Face an odd sort of comfort; it told him Hannibal wasn't taking this lightly.

"If we leave and take her," Hannibal decided, "Brian will have to call 911 anyway to take care of the body in the living room. Might as well do it now, save a few questions later. See what you can do to stop the bleeding." He moved out of the tiny room.

Murdock and BA came in a moment later. Thankfully, BA was ahead of Murdock and saw the scene before Murdock could.

"Face's got her, Murdock," BA said sternly, stopping him and turning around. "No room in there anyway for all of us."

"Amy?" Murdock started.

"We need to get her to a hospital, Murdock," Face answered. He was suddenly insanely grateful they had their military training to fall back on; he knew instinctively he wouldn't have been able to handle this otherwise. As it was, it tore at his heart to see the woman he loved like this.

He took a deep breath and willed himself to not remember how smooth her stomach had been the last time he'd seen her. "Before we get Amy help, we need to get our weapons secured before the cops and the EMT's show up. Would you go take care of that?"

"Face, is she okay?"

Face closed his eyes at the fear he heard in Murdock's voice, the fear that was currently threatening to strangle his ability to do what needed to be done. He swallowed hard. "No, she's not, but Hannibal's calling an ambulance now. Go take care of the weapons, Murdock."

"I'm not leaving you alone to deal with this," Murdock snapped. He handed his gun to BA.

"Give me your weapon, Face," BA suggested, stepping into the room.

Careful not to jostle Amy, Face handed over his pistol. "Tell Brian he needs to not mention he saw us with guns, either."

"He won't," BA assured them as he walked back out.

Murdock stepped in and, for a moment, appeared visibly shaken by what he saw. He took a deep breath and said, "I'll grab some towels from the bathroom. Be right back."

It didn't take long for the police and ambulance to arrive. The EMT's took Amy off, forbidding anyone to go with her, though they did allow the team to follow.

The team wasn't surprised when a pair of male police officers showed up to question them as they waited for Amy to get out of emergency surgery. They introduced themselves as Detective McKnight and Officer Sanchez.

"I know this is a bad time, but we need to get some questions answered," Detective McKnight apologized as he pulled a chair up so he faced the team and sat down. "Which one of you is Hannibal Smith?"

"That would be me," Hannibal answered.

"You told the responding officers that you went looking for your friend, Miss Allen, and found the house in that state. You then freed Miss Allen, and then called 911."

"Something wrong with that statement?" Hannibal asked mildly.

"No, no, just making sure I understood it," Detective McKnight said. "Any reason you didn't call the police when you realized your friend was missing?"

"You wouldn't consider her to be legally missing for another twenty-four hours," Hannibal replied steadily, noting as he did so that Murdock was leaning into Face and they were apparently absorbed in a quiet conversation about finally buying the dog Face had promised Murdock he could get. BA just looked worried, but he wasn't telling them to shut up, either.

"Know something of the law?" Officer Sanchez asked.

Hannibal allowed himself a small smile. "I should. Look, when we heard Amy hadn't shown up for work, we got worried. It's not like her not to show up for something like that."

"And why would you know that?" Detective McKnight queried.

"Because Amy's been a friend for years," Hannibal said.

"She's my girlfriend," Murdock interjected. "She stayed the night at the house I share with Face."

"And you would be?"

"H.M. Murdock." Murdock smiled. "And since you're probably dying of curiosity, this is Templeton Peck, also known as Face —" he gestured to Face "—and the big guy sitting on my left is B.A. Barracus."

Detective McKnight looked at all of them. "There was no sign of forced entry into that house where Miss Allen was found."

Face spread his hands. "Despite all of the nuns' efforts at redeeming me, I was a very bad boy as a kid," he said apologetically. "We rang the doorbell, but no one answered, and we knew from the dog that Amy was in the house."

"Ah, yes, the dog," Officer Sanchez nodded. "Care to explain how you found that?"

"Luck," Face answered honestly. "Look, we didn't kill that guy in the living room, and Amy's a friend. Wouldn't you do anything for your friends if you knew they were missing?"

"And there's no reason you're aware of that someone might choose to hurt Miss Allen in this way?" Detective McKnight asked.

"None," Hannibal replied. "But if I were you, I'd find out why the TV was playing nothing but Amy's news segments."

"Any of you have anything else to add?" Officer Sanchez asked.

"Do I get a secret decoder ring if I do?" Murdock piped up.

"Murdock," Hannibal said warningly.

"Mr. Murdock," Detective McKnight said, "were you and Miss Allen fighting?"

"No," Murdock said sharply. "I was trying to get her to stay and play hooky with us, but she kissed us goodbye and went to work."

"Us?"

Face glanced at Murdock, then Hannibal. Hannibal sighed, knowing that if he gave the word, Face would deny he had anything other than a platonic relationship with Murdock and Amy. Hannibal smiled crookedly at Face. "You keep expecting Murdock to keep quiet about the things that make him happy," he reminded Face gently.

Face looked faintly worried now. "You knew?"

"Had my suspicions, but dinner last night validated it," Hannibal confirmed. "Might as well tell the fine officers the truth, before they think you're hiding something."

Sighing, Face gave in. "Murdock and I are involved with Amy," Face told the policemen. "She's been seeing both of us for almost two months now."

"I see," Detective McKnight said carefully. "So she was with both of you this morning. Was she seeing anyone else?"

"Amy wouldn't cheat on us." Murdock rose swiftly at the accusation as BA growled.

"She's not that kind of girl," BA said angrily.

"Calm down, you two," Face said easily, tugging at his lover since he was easier to reach. "He's got to ask all the questions, even if we don't like them." He smiled apologetically at the detective as Murdock reluctantly sat back down and BA took a deep breath. "But I happen to agree with his statement. Amy loves him, and she enjoys our friendship too much to do that kind of lying to me."

"We'd kick her ass if she did," Hannibal added with a smile. "She's like a daughter to me."

"Someone stalked, stabbed and kidnapped her," BA stated with barely contained fury. "We wouldn't do that to one of our friends." He turned to the officers. "Amy was happy with those two crazy fools," he said, pointing to Face and Murdock. "She wouldn't cheat on them. Whoever did it was obsessed with her."

Detective McKnight looked at his partner and sighed. From his wallet, he pulled out a few business cards and passed them out. "If any of you think of anything else, please give me a call. I hope Miss Allen recovers."

He and his partner left, leaving the team alone.

Face closed his eyes, relieved that that part was over.

"Amy'll know who attacked her. Why don't they just wait and ask her?" BA demanded in frustration.

"Gotta eliminate us as suspects," Hannibal said reasonably.

"Hannibal, they're gonna look us up," BA said.

"Let them look," Hannibal returned in the same even tone. "What are they going to find, BA? That we're the A-Team?" He let that thought linger a moment before adding, "Face was right — whoever did this wasn't one of our enemies, it was someone obsessed with Amy. That means that our history doesn't matter. They have no evidence that we did anything to that guy, and we didn't. If we'd left and not called 911, they'd have more reason to suspect us."

He knew they were worried; it wouldn't be the first time they'd been framed for something. "When Amy wakes up and gives her statement, they won't have any reason to disbelieve us."

It was a small comfort, but they took it anyway.

Minutes ticked by. It was a good two hours later before a tall, broad-shouldered, football-player sized man stepped out into the waiting room. His white lab coat had clearly been donned hastily, likely to cover the fact his surgical top was stained.

"Are you the family of Amy Allen?" he asked.

"Close enough," Hannibal returned. "She has no family; we're her friends."

Face glanced at Murdock, who'd wandered down the hallway, pacing off some of his annoyance at the officer's questions. "Speak for yourself, Hannibal," Face injected, "I'd like to think Amy and I are a bit closer than just friends. I'm Templeton Peck, her boyfriend. I'm the one who found her." He turned to the physician. "How is she?"

"Let's go into this room, shall we?" He gestured to a small side room off the main hallway. "I like to talk to family in private — no need for the rest of the world to hear."

"Just a minute, please, Doctor. BA, would you get Murdock?" Hannibal asked.

BA nodded. He spoke quietly to Murdock, who shook his head, then took a deep breath and exhaled it. The two men returned shortly.

The doctor gestured to the room; then once the team had stepped inside and seated themselves, he shut the door behind them.

"I'll start over," he declared, sitting down at the small table. "I'm Dr. Adamski, the ER physician who treated Amy. Hannibal and Templeton, you said?

Hannibal smiled and shook his hand. "Hannibal Smith."

"I'm Templeton," Face clarified, shaking the doctor's hand as well.

"H.M. Murdock," Murdock said. "And that's BA. How's Amy?"

"Better than it first looked. The knife wound to her stomach was deep. Whoever did this to her did manage to cut into her intestines, but not too deeply, so we were able to stitch everything up fairly easily. The bruising is deep, but again, those will heal. The cuts on her arms and legs were severe, but not as deep as we initially feared. We did find traces of a sedative in her system. She also lost a lot of blood, which we replaced. All in all, Amy's very lucky. We've sedated her so she can get some rest before she tries to move. Best thing you guys can do for her now is go home and get some sleep."

"Ain't gonna get them to go home, Doc," BA noted. "Better to just let 'em stay — they ain't gonna sleep if she's here and they're not."

Dr. Adamski nodded, clearly not surprised, but not unhappy at his attempt. "I'll let the staff know that, then."

"How soon can we expect to take her home?" Face asked.

"Depends on her," Dr. Adamski said honestly. "At least a few days to make sure she doesn't strain the stitches, but she's definitely a fighter. We want to make sure she has no complications. Do you have any questions?"

Face looked at Hannibal, who shook his head. "Not at this time," Face said. "Thank you, Dr. Adamski. I assume we need to check with the nurse to find out what room she's in?"

"Yes, and you're welcome." Dr. Adamski stood and exited the room.

Murdock closed his eyes a moment, his relief clearly evident. "She's going to be fine." Face's hand reached over to clasp Murdock's tightly.

"See, what were you worried about?" Face asked, but his relief coated the words, making them sound less teasing than they were meant to be. He rose, pulling Murdock to his feet with him, and the two men embraced each other as if they were never going to let go.

Reassured by the news and by the way Face and Murdock were acting, Hannibal rose to his feet. "Come on; let's go find out where they've put her."

"Hey, beautiful," Face greeted Amy the following afternoon in her semi-private room. "Have a nice nap?"

She smiled as he leaned over to kiss her. He was careful in the way he kissed her, and felt anger stir that he had to be mindful of the bruises to her face.

"Where's Murdock? The nurses said he was here all night and this morning."

For a moment, he wished she'd sounded happier to see him, instead of asking about Murdock. He hid his disappointment and sat down in the chair next to the bed.

"He went to get lunch with BA and Hannibal," he told her. "I'll go when they get back — we didn't want to leave you alone. How are you?"

"Tired," she admitted. "The IV lines itch. I swear I can feel whatever they're pumping into me through the lines and it feels thick and weird, like I got maple syrup in my veins. My stomach hurts, especially if I take deep breaths, but I don't want to take anything more for it. I just end up falling asleep."

Face took her hand, mindful of the IV line. "The nurse told me you're not going to be allowed to eat normal for a few days, at least until they're sure your body can handle it. They were worried they might have to stick you on a feeding tube. Aside from that, you need to rest."

"I know," Amy said with a sigh. "I'm tired of sleeping. I want to go home."

"We'll get you home as soon as they say it's okay for you to go."

"Can't you convince them you'll take care of me?" Amy pleaded.

"I could, sweetheart, but as much as I've learned how to patch people up, I hate doing it," Face answered her honestly. "Getting you out of here sooner just means you'll be at greater risk of infection." He paused, met her gaze, and offered an apologetic smile. "Besides, I already asked. They said no. Not for another week at least, maybe longer."

Amy sighed. "If you couldn't convince them to go, then I'm really stuck here," she said peevishly.

He smiled sympathetically. "Sorry, sweetheart. Are you doing okay?"

She shrugged restlessly. "You know, there was a time I loved pink. Even over the painkillers, I keep seeing that damned room."

He nodded, understanding. "I'll make sure not to buy you anything in that color anymore."

She offered him a rueful smile. "Thanks. Does it help to avoid reminders like that?"

"You want the truth or the pretty lie?" he asked her.

"Oh, lie to me," she said with a smile. "At least with you I know when I'm being conned."

Face shot her an affronted look. "I am not that transparent."

"Yeah, right," she shot back, but he could see her usual good humor starting to light up her eyes. "How long have I known you, and who taught me the art of a good con? Said I was a natural?"

She had a point. "All right, all right, so you know me, which means you won't believe me when I say you might actually like pink again someday."

She met his gaze and sighed a little. "Maybe," she allowed. "Was that the pretty lie?"

He chuckled softly. "No, the pretty lie is where I tell you that you'll never have nightmares as long as you have me to hold you." He loved the annoyed look she shot him and only grinned wider. "So how long have you been up?"

"I woke up about ten minutes after Murdock left. I guess you called my boss?"

Face nodded. "Your friend Robyn connected me to him. He said for you to take as much time as you need. He wanted you to report on what happened, but I told him that if you felt up to doing that, you'd let him know." Face shook his head. "Does that guy have a machine for a heart? I can't believe he'd want you to report on your own kidnapping."

"Yeah, well, that's my boss. How do you know Robyn?"

"She's the one who called and let us know you hadn't shown up for work," Face told her.

Amy's mouth tightened briefly. "Guess she's a better friend than I gave her credit for," Amy said unhappily.

"Hey," Face admonished softly. "Don't go beating yourself up for it. We'll do something nice for her as a thank you, but she said she'd be by after work to see you."

Amy said nothing for a moment. "How the hell do you thank someone for saving your life like that?" she asked, gripping his hand.

"You say thank you, buy them dinner at Il Julio or something like that, and hope it never happens again," Face said simply. "Don't you remember?"

Amy sighed stubbornly. "Yeah, but somehow, in all the time I was on the team, I never felt nearly as compelled to say thank you. We just said it, moved on, had dinner to celebrate a successful mission — and it wasn't always something as classy as Il Julio. What Robyn did feels bigger than what we've done for each other."

Face shrugged. "It's not. You're making a bigger deal of it because as close as you kept her, there's a lot you didn't tell her."

Amy closed her eyes briefly, hating his perception even as she knew he was right. "Yeah. I never told her the truth about how I knew you and Murdock."

"Would it have mattered?" Face asked reasonably. "You wrote Murdock's name on my business card and stuck it in your Rolodex. You told Robyn Murdock was your boyfriend. It was enough for her to take the chance on calling me. If you'd told her more, there's a chance she might not have called at all. We talked about this, remember?"

"I know, but it doesn't stop me from feeling like crap," Amy replied.

"Well, stop that," Face admonished her. "You did what you thought was the right thing, and the fact you're here to wonder if you did is a good thing in itself."

"Amen to that," Hannibal interjected, strolling into the room. "Good afternoon, Amy."

Amy smiled, grateful for the distraction. "Hannibal, Face said you were with Murdock and BA?"

"They should be along in a minute," Hannibal assured her. "How are you, Amy?"

She looked at him hopefully, ignoring his question. "You taught Face everything he knows, right?"

"Not everything," Hannibal returned, grinning. "And no, I'm not going to spring you out of this hospital any sooner than he will. I spoke with your doctor the same time as he did. You're not getting out of here until you're in better shape than you are now. That bastard managed to slice into your intestines — not much, but enough that if we were still on the run, I'd be sticking you in a hospital to make sure you recovered before I took you back out on the road."

Frustrated, Amy sighed. She knew perfectly well he meant what he said. "You're not any fun, Hannibal."

"Maybe not," he agreed, "but if we can keep you from further injury, we will. You were very lucky that knife didn't go deeper than it did."

She pouted. "Doesn't change the fact that I would rather be anywhere but here," she countered.

Hannibal and Face chuckled. "I know the feeling," Hannibal said. "Have the cops stopped by yet?"

"They must've requested a call as soon as I woke up, because they were here in less than twenty minutes." Anger flashed in her eyes. "You're cleared of all suspicion, by the way. I can't believe they thought you guys might have something to do with what happened."

Face looked at her, realizing that wasn't what she was angriest about. "What did happen, Amy?"

She took a deep breath. "Someone didn't like the fact I didn't report on a story," she said sullenly.

"What?" Face asked, shocked. "You said you get turned down on story ideas every week."

"Public doesn't know that," Amy said bitterly. "All they see are the stories that do make it on the air."

"Whose story?" Hannibal asked.

She closed her eyes. "Jennifer Kimball's," she said, and her voice held a wealth of pain, regret, and bitterness. "She was four years old when she swallowed a pair of magnets." She shuddered and opened her eyes to meet Hannibal's gaze. "Her father, Kevin, was a single father. He kept telling me " Amy took a deep breath and Face's grip on her hand tightened reassuringly. "He kept telling me he wasn't sorry I was in pain, because maybe then I'd have — I'd have an idea of his pain."

"Amy." Hannibal's voice held the ring of command, and she looked up at him, the reflex ingrained enough from her time with the team. "Your boss had a reason not to air that story, correct?"

"There were other stories he thought were more important," Amy remembered.

"That was the one you said you did the research and it looked like any other accidental swallowing, wasn't it? And that the father was suing the hospital?" Face prompted.

She nodded. "Doesn't change that—"

"No, it doesn't change that you got hurt," Hannibal interrupted. "And if Mr. Kimball wasn't already dead, I'd have words with him about hurting you like this. But you're alive, and he's not. Did you promise him to air his story?"

"I said I'd try, but that not all ideas for stories were approved," Amy said.

"Then he chose to ignore that," Hannibal replied firmly. "That was his choice, not yours. You're not to blame for this."

"Then who, Hannibal?" Amy shot back. "My boss, for deciding that one kid's life might not be worth a two-minute story?"

"Blame Kevin Kimball," Face told her. "He's the one who did this to you."

"You weren't there. You didn't hear him."

"No, but we can guess what he said," Hannibal returned evenly. "Amy, we know how that goes, and if you want to talk about it, we'll listen."

"You can even talk to Billy," Murdock put in, stepping into the room with BA right behind him.

Face made room for Murdock to kiss Amy, but didn't let go of her hand. BA and Hannibal took up position around the bed.

"I don't think Billy's going to help much," Amy argued.

"Then you'll just have to talk to me," BA declared. "Don't need to be listening to no crazy talk."

Amy didn't reply, but looked at all of them in turn. "Thank you, all of you," she said finally. "If this had happened and you weren't around —"

"It didn't," BA interrupted. "Thinkin' what if will only drive you crazy, and Murdock's crazy enough for all of us."

"Why, BA, I think you paid me a compliment," Murdock said wonderingly.

"BA's right," Hannibal agreed. "We'll help you through this." He grinned. "So you just let me know if Face and Murdock don't take good care of you."

Amy smiled. "I will, Hannibal," she assured him.

"You hear that, Murdock?" Face asked. "Guess that means we're on our best behavior, then."

Murdock grinned mischievously. "At least until Amy's feeling better," he agreed.

"Don't make me laugh," Amy warned, choking back a laugh. "It hurts too much."

"Got you to smile for real, didn't it?" Murdock said unrepentantly.

"Don't you all have someplace else to be? I've been wounded and I need my rest," Amy said, trying to sound exasperated and only managing to be amused. "Flying to teach, houses to renovate, cars to fix, other women to flirt with?"

"Now why would Face and Murdock look at any other women when they've got you?" Hannibal countered with a grin. At her glare, he relented. "Gentlemen, you heard the lady, she wants us gone."

"I'll bring you some clothes tomorrow," Face promised her.

Amy pretended to pout. "You mean to say my hospital gown isn't the height of fashion?"

Face grinned. "Well, if you want it to be," he allowed, "but I thought you might like to be in your own clothes. I might not be able to spring you completely out of here, love, but I thought you might like a bit of sunshine at least."

Amy's eyes widened and her heart leapt at the new endearment. Still, she eyed him suspiciously. "You're planning something, aren't you?"

He grinned. "You can think that if it makes you happier," he replied, kissing her before he moved to let Murdock step in.

"Call us if you want anything," Murdock suggested as he, too, kissed her. "Love you, querida."

"I love you, too, Murdock," Amy replied. She looked at Face. "And I love you, too."

"And here I thought you had room only for Murdock," he teased her with an easy smile, but he reached over and clasped her hand in a telling gesture.

Startled by his action, Amy glanced over at Murdock, who was giving Face an exasperated look that said he was being too damned discreet again. Her heart skipped a beat as she realized that was the closest she was going to get to a public declaration.

"I'll have your car fixed by the end of the week," BA vowed. "Get well, Amy."

The three men filed out of the room.

Hannibal lingered. "Are you going to be okay alone?" he asked.

"Yes, Hannibal." Amy smiled, appreciating his concern. "Murdock looks like he needs sleep and Face doesn't look much better, no matter how much they're both trying to con me into thinking otherwise. Go make them get some rest. I'm not going anywhere, at least not tonight."

"It wasn't your fault," he repeated.

She met his gaze. "Right now, it feels like it. Maybe eventually I'll see it differently, but —" She shrugged and offered him a small smile. "You know how it goes."

"I do," he agreed mildly. "So tell me what you don't want Face and Murdock to know."

She looked away. "Do we have to do this now, Hannibal?"

"Later it just gets harder. Why did Kimball kill himself?"

Amy didn't answer for several minutes. He waited patiently. "I don't know," she said finally, and she knew even as she said it that Hannibal wouldn't buy that.

"Amy." He shook his head slightly and looked at her with that same steady gaze. She knew he'd wait patiently until she said something. How many times had she seen Face try to con him into believing everything was OK, only to be stopped by that same look, that same unwavering voice? Too many, she remembered.

"He said I was his last hope. That he had nothing anymore." She closed her eyes, hating that she felt relieved to say it to someone, hating the understanding that flashed across his eyes. "Please, Hannibal, go take care of my guys. I'm sure they're standing right outside the door, listening in."

Hannibal said nothing for a moment. His eyes measured her. Her mind flashed back to the times he'd come to check on her during those first few missions she'd gone on with the team. He hadn't expected her to know how to con, how to hold a weapon, how to hold her own in a van full of alpha males. Every time she'd proven that she did know or could quickly pick up those skills, he'd had to reevaluate her. He'd looked at her in much the same way, as if she'd surprised him again and he had to recalculate her strength.

"Wouldn't be right if they weren't listening," he pointed out finally. "They're the ones who'll be holding you when the nightmares come knocking — better they know now than later. I'll go and take care of them, make sure they get some rest tonight. Don't you worry about that. You get some rest yourself, kid." He sounded so paternal, it made her heart ache. He reached out and gripped her shoulder gently, reassuringly, and she had to close her eyes lest he see the tears that suddenly sprang up at the gesture. She heard him leave, and then took a deep breath, mindful of the way the motion pulled at her stitches.

She felt raw, fundamentally broken by the bitter knowledge she'd gained. Yet somehow she had the deepest sense of faith about how she was going to survive it, and who was going to help her through it.

For a moment, she wished she hadn't sent Face and Murdock away: she missed them already. The feeling was a sharp ache, stronger than the pain from the stitches in her stomach, sweeter for the knowledge that she was alive to feel it. She knew without a doubt she was never going to be able to live without feeling this longing to be with them.

Then again, she reminded herself, knowing them, they'd be back soon enough — just as soon as they were able to get away from Hannibal and BA, maybe even sooner. Her lips curved into a smile and she tried to shift into a more comfortable position.

She couldn't wait.

Finis

9/1/07