At the shoe store 

I had an amazing experience this weekend. My wife hardly ever wears panties. She doesn’t do it to show off and isn’t an exhibitionist at all. She does it for comfort. This weekend, we were out running errands – grocery shopping, etc. She was in casual clothes, flip flops, t-shirt, and a kind of poofy short skirt. Not a mini skirt by any means, but a skirt that would fly up with a gust of wind. As usual she wasn’t wearing anything underneath the skirt. 

We were looking for a very specific item and had to try a couple different stores. We came to one store and my wife noticed a cheap shoe store next door. Like many women, my wife loves to shoe shop. This was one of those stores where almost the entire stock is out on the floor and only 1 worker at the register. 

We got in and there were only 3 other customers – two guys and woman. This was a pretty small shop with about 7 aisles with walls about 9 feet high. The male customers was in the men’s section and the other woman was in another aisle. 

My wife started trying on shoes. Since she was looking for sandal type shoes, she would drop a shoe on the floor, work her foot in while standing and then bend over to buckle the strap, or work the strap over her heel. She asked me to stand behind her to make sure her ass and pussy weren’t on display. I was getting pretty turned on at the possibility. Most times the hem of her skirt would get close to the very bottom of her ass cheeks, but wouldn’t quite show anything. A couple times, she would bend very deep and a little lip would pop out. I told her she was fine as long as she didn’t bend too low deep and started browsing on my own. 

I walked to the men’s section where the other guys were. Apparently they were friends. I went to another aisle in the men’s section. A minute or so later one of the guys came to my section, leaving his friend in another one. Soon, his friend walked by and called the other guy over. They were gone for a few minutes, but I noticed one or the other would walk by my aisle, but never came walked through. After about 10 minutes or so I was bored and decided to hurry my wife along. I walked over and the guys were across at the end of my wife’s aisle looking at women’s shoes. The walked out of the store pretty quickly when I appeared. 

I came to my wife’s aisle and stood right about where the guys were standing. My jaw absolutely dropped. My wife was right in front of one of those shoe stools with the angled mirrors. Her sweet bald pussy was completely on display. It looks as if she was doing it on purpose. She saw me standing there, asked me about a couple of shoes and then went on selecting shoes and trying them on. I watched for a few minutes getting a raging hard on. She would rarely try on shoes anywhere more than a few feet or so from the spot in front of that angled mirror. 

She asked if I was ready to go and I told her she could take her time because there were some things I wanted to check out. I went back to that spot and watched her expose he pussy without knowing it. After a few more minutes a few more customers came in. . 
