A CURE FOR KLEPTOMANIA

BY MAX SMART

Part 4

Wherein Dave's hand gets sore, Timmy performs an inspection, and
Mom philosophizes.

Dave rested his left hand on the small of Jenny's back and the
other on the left cheek of her bottom. A small despairing wail
was heard. This was clearly a terrible thing to her - having
Uncle Dave's hand molesting her tender, sacrosanct rear end.

Dave said, "Jenny, I'm going to give you one hundred spanks, and
it's going to be just like this afternoon with your belly. If you
offer any resistance or give me any trouble, the rest of the
family will restrain you and you will then get one hundred and
fifty spanks. Understood?"

"Ohhhh, Uncle Dave, please.don't.."

"Jenny, answer me - understood?"

"Y-yes, sir." Came the pitiful response. Jenny's bottom shifted
uncomfortably.

"Now, I want you to ask for your spanking. Tell me that you
deserve a very severe spanking and ask me to please give it to
you."

This brought another torrent of tears. Would she become
dehydrated soon, I wondered? Eventually, Dave convinced Jenny to
make the shameful request.

"Please give m-e.p-plep-please g-ive me a sp-sp-spanking, Uncle
Dave, ohhhh!"

"Tell me you deserve a severe spanking."

"Ohhhhhh! Oh, I deserve a s-s oh, please not too hard!"

"Jenny, I'm losing patience!"

"Oh, I'm sorry! I deserve a s-s-severe spanking!"

"Where should I give it to you?"

"Ohhhhh! On my b-b-bottom! Ohhh!"

"As you wish, dear."

By the way, Professor, and dear readers. When my husband gives a
spanking, it REALLY is severe. He has a strong arm and a heavy
hand. With out further ado, Dave raised his arm and brought his
hand down hard upon Jenny's left cheek, right about in the
center. Whap!

Jenny jerked and yelled, "Owww!" as much from surprise at the
force as from the pain. A couple of seconds later the pain sank
in and she moaned with it. Her bottom twisted in anguish.

Dave spanked her slowly, deliberately, and with a great deal of
force. He was NOT fooling around. Jenny became more and more
energetic in her responses, both vocal and physical. She was only
able to bear 10 blows, even though they were well distributed
over her spacious bottom, before she reached her right hand back
to protect herself.

"Put that hand back, Jenny, or it's extra punishment!"

Jenny put the hand back, with a great deal of mental effort. Just
as she did. Whap! Dave let another one fly. Only five more (this
time all in one spot) and the poor girl was again forced to put
her hand back to try to protect her aching bum.

"All right, that does it. Come on, everyone."

As we had previously planned, I went to Jenny's front side and
held her wrists. I took pleasure in noting the desperate,
pain-filled and shame-filled look in her reddened eyes, and how
her cheeks glistened with tears. I also enjoyed the view of
Jenny's tits that were offered to me from this position. The
halter top had sagged out just a bit and I could clearly see the
areoles and nipples, both of which were large and reddish brown.

Timmy and Nancy first removed Jenny's potentially dangerous high
heeled pumps as well has her white socks and then each gleefully
took possession of one leg. Jenny was now in for it, and she knew
it. She begged, "I'm sorry! I won't do it again! Please don't
give me extras!" Even from my angle I could see her bottom
clenching with dread. Timmy and Nancy saw this too and shared a
mischievous grin.

Whap!

Dave began again, even harder than before. I counted the spanks
as they were ruthlessly dealt out to the unfortunate backside of
lovely Jenny. Jenny started to yell loudly with each blow, and
her struggles became desperate - yet she had received only about
a total of thirty. A pleasant side effect was the bouncing and
gyrating of Jenny's breasts. After about fifty she began to
become tired. Clearly she felt each blow just as keenly, but her
struggles weakened. I could look over her back and see that her
bottom's appearance had changed dramatically. It was approaching
a cherry red!

Timmy and Nancy seemed beside themselves with enjoyment as they
did their part to ensure that Jenny was unable to escape her
punishment. Dave seemed to take Jenny's slight abatement in her
reactions to his swats as a challenge. He increased the force of
his spanks to a frightening level. He was successful in getting
Jenny back into the mode of yelling and struggling and her poor
bottom pained her more and more.

After what must have been an eternity to Jenny, Dave reached
spank number 100, which was a real cracker, making Jenny jerks a
little bit more than she had been and yell a little louder. He
paused, and let his hand roam affectionately over the battered
rump.

"Boy, is it hot!" he exclaimed. Jenny settled into more crying
and moaning.

"Jenny, I'm a bit tired, so I'm going to give you a chance. If
you can take them without being held, I'll give you only ten
more. Otherwise, we'll hold you again and you'll get the full
fifty that you have rightfully coming to you. Understand, Jenny?"

"Yes, yes, just ten more, I'll hold still! I can't take fifty
more."

We released Jenny's arms and legs, and Dave began anew. Believe
me, Professor, Dave was not about to let Jenny get off with only
ten more. He was just giving her false hope. As I'm sure you
know, this can be an enjoyable diversion for the punisher and a
terrible demoralizer for the victim.

Dave gave Jenny a terrific whack, right at the crease where her
bottom cheeks and her thighs met, and right in the center. As any
student of female anatomy (or any reasonably observant person,
for that matter) knows, this area is where the cute little
diamond shape hole is formed by the bottom and thighs, and where
one can often spy a bit of furry pussy if one cares to look. Hard
spanking in this area can give the recipient some especially
painful sensations, both in her bottom and in her vulva. Jenny
jerked and screamed at the blow but managed to keep her arms
still.

It was a losing battle for her. After the fifth blow in the exact
same spot the poor girl was forced by the pain to attempt a
defense. As a result we resumed our holds on her various limbs,
and Jenny thus received the full measure of her spanking. Her
struggles during the last forty or so blows became extremely
vigorous, as well as her screams and pleas for mercy. This was
due at least partly to the fact that Dave chose to continue to
focus on the area just mentioned, bringing his hand powerfully up
from underneath Jenny's seat, almost lifting her up from his lap,
producing loud reports and desperate howls.

All through this last part of Jenny's spanking I enjoyed watching
her anguished, pained expressions, her swaying, bouncing breasts,
and the top part, the part I could see, of her big, blotchy red
bottom as it heaved about in agony. The children seemed to be
getting a similar enjoyment, and Dave seemed to be in ecstasy. I
suspected that he might be very close to orgasm. I have to admit
I was getting pretty excited myself.

Timmy, Nancy, and I let go of Jenny. Her hands instantly rushed
to attempt to comfort her poor rump, which was now a very pretty
deep red. She moaned and groaned in her aching pain. The three of
us sat again in our chairs and enjoyed the sights and sounds of a
well-spanked teenage girl. As she clutched at her bottom cheeks
she inadvertently gave us nice views of the black frilly pouch
that encased her pussy, and the strip that ran between her bottom
cheeks.

Dave said, "Stand up Jenny."

She tried to obey, but the poor thing required help from Dave to
bring herself to her feet, and she was pretty unsteady once
there. She continued to shamelessly massage her butt. Dave got up
and returned to his easy chair.

"Turn and face us Jenny, at attention." I ordered.

The poor girl let out a despairing wail and obeyed me, making
sure that her arms were at her sides and her chest out. It was
amusing to note that her struggles while over Dave's lap had
caused her g-string to work down a bit so that a lot more pussy
hair was visible, as well as the beginning of the swell of her
mount.

"Jenny! Pull up your underwear. How indecent! Why, you'd think a
girl of your upbringing would have learned SOME modesty!" I said,
with a sly wink to the others.

Jenny looked down and saw how she was exposed in front. With a
cry she quickly reached down and righted things.

Nancy spoke up, "How does your bottom feel, Jenny? Is it sore?"

"Y-yesit's very sore.sob."

"Wouldn't you like to rub it some more?"

Jenny could only sob at this.

"Well, Jenny, dear." Said I, "We've finished the first part of
this evening's exercises for you."

"The first part! No! Please! No more! Not now - it hurts SO much
already"

"Jenny, do you really think that that a little spanking is
sufficient punishment for what you have done?"

"Ohhhh! Yes! It was t-terrible! A-and I'm s-so embarrassed! And
I'll never, never steal again!"

"I'm afraid you're wrong, Jenny. It wasn't sufficient. You have a
great deal more punishment coming, so you might as well get used
to the idea. We're just getting started on that bottom of yours.
A big, fat, rear end like yours can take a great deal more, and
that's what you're going to get."

"No! No! I really, really, can't take anymore! It's SO sore! I
can't take pain very well. Oh, please! Just wait until
tomorrowwhen my bottom doesn't hurt so much. It hurts just to
touch it now!" Jenny was arguing her case like an expensive
lawyer. Her bottom must have REALLY been sore, or she wouldn't
have been talking about it so freely. Normally she would be
embarrassed even to say the word!

"Hmmm," I began, "So your bottom is VERY sore, Jenny?"

"It hurts REALLY bad, Aunt Marge!" came the earnest response.

"Hmmm, wellTell you what, Jenny. Let's let young Timmy here have
a look. If he thinks your bottom has been punished enough, then
we'll stop for tonight. How does that sound?"

"T-Timmy?" came the tearful, hesitant response, as Jenny shot a
quick, blushing glance over at the suddenly grinning Timmy.

"Yes, that's your cousin, in case you forgot." I said, drawing a
laugh from all but Jenny. "Show Timmy your bottom, Jenny, and
he'll decide whether it can take more punishment."

"Sh-show Timmy my b-b?"

"Jenny, are you suddenly unable to understand English?" I said
with a smile, "Walk over to Timmy, turn around, and show him your
bottom."

"Oh, Aunt Marge, I can't!" the poor thing seemed panic stricken.

Nancy said, "Don't worry, Jenny, he won't be able to see your
pussy! Or your bumhole, for that matter."

Needless to say, this comment didn't add to poor Jenny's
composure.

One of the most enjoyable things about disciplining and innocent
girl like Jenny, Professor, is that she can have wonderful lapses
such as this. For example, in this case, Jenny seemed to have
forgotten that Timmy had, just a few seconds earlier, been
watching her bottom bouncing and writhing about and turning from
pale white to a splotchy red. Now she was embarrassed to show
him her bottom'. Wonderful!

"Fine, we'll move on then, to the next stage in your punishment."

"Ohhhhhh! Wait! I'll do it!" and the poor girl scampered over to
Timmy's chair and then shyly turned around, standing awkwardly in
front of the happy young man. Not seeming to know what to do with
her hands, she wrung them together nervously.

"Bend over a bit, Jenny." said Timmy, having a hard time hiding
his excitement.

With a hopeless moan, Jenny obeyed her young, horny, cousin,
hanging her well- presented bottom right in front of his greedy
eyes.

"Hmmm! Spread your legs a bit, Jenny." came Timmy's next order.

Jenny obeyed, but only just. This seemed to satisfy Timmy for the
time being. He reached out with both hands, placing each palm on
one of Jenny's divine cheeks. She jerked at the contact but
remained in position. I was proud of her!

"Wow! You could fry eggs on this butt!" observed Timmy, as his
hands roamed about at will, causing Jenny no end of embarrassment
and consternation. He started to pinch her a bit, no doubt as a
scientific attempt to judge how sore she was. From her little
flinches and squeals, it appeared that she was pretty sore.

"It's pretty red all right, with some purple spots, but there
seem to be some areas that didn't get it very hard." Timmy
reported, pointing at Jenny's bottom crack and the still
unblemished skin inside it to elucidate the last few words of his
sentence. Impulsively, he gave Jenny a mischievous little poke in
between her bottom cheeks - no doubt right on her anus. Jenny
almost jumped two feet in the air and pulled away from Timmy, her
hands rushing behind her to guard the invaded area.

"Jenny!" I said forcefully, "Again you're failing to be obedient
and to exercise self- discipline. Get right back where you were
or you'll be VERY sorry!"

Jenny was cowed, and started to move back, but she was so
reluctant to give Timmy the chance to repeat the poke he had
given her, or maybe to do even worse things, that she hesitated.

"Oh, Aunt Marge, you don't understand - he touched mymyoh, it's
indecentI'm sure you wouldn't want me to let him touch my"

"Your what, Jenny!" I said, feigning great exasperation, with a
wink at Dave.

"My a-anus! Ohhhhh!" and she burst into sobs.

"Jenny," I said, "You are here for punishment and discipline. It
is not your place to make ANY judgment on the propriety of any
action that any of us may take. Whatever Timmy did was done for
YOUR OWN good. You must understand that you can't continue to be
this disobedient. Apologize to Timmy, this instant, our you'll be
very sorry!"

"Ohhhh, T-timmy, I-I'm sorry."

I continued, "Now return to your position and ask Timmy to
continue evaluating the state of your bottom. Otherwise, we will
just continue with your punishment, and believe me, you'll get it
extra hard for disobedience."

Jenny reassumed her posture in front of Timmy and made the
shameful request for him to continue examining her. It was a bit
hard to understand her through her sobs.

Timmy finished up his examination with some very intimate
probing, during which Jenny seemed like she wanted to die right
then and there.

Nancy asked with a smile, "Well, brother dear, what is your
verdict?"

Timmy got a very professional look on his face. "Well, her bottom
IS pretty red, all right, but it's so big I think it can take a
bunch more. Besides, there are some parts that aren't even red
yet!" Timmy punctuated this last statement with a repeat of the
rude poke that Jenny had so strenuously objected to. She gave a
brief scream and jumped a bit, but managed to get herself back
into position admirably quickly.

"Well, Jenny, you heard your cousin." I said.

"Yep!" said Nancy, "It looks like your bottom's in for some more
fun!"

Jenny saw that her situation was hopeless, but that didn't stop
her from quietly babbling, "NoNo! Oh, please.it huuurts too
much already! Oh, please!"

I told Jenny she could stand up and .while she begged I went to
the wall where many lovely implements were hanging. I chose a
heavy, three-tailed Scottish taws, and walked back to where Jenny
cowered before her uncle and cousins.

"Here you are, Jenny," I said brightly, "Have a look! This is
what's in store next for your naughty bottom."

"Ohhhhh! Wh-what isOh no! Please!"

I continued, "You could say that this (slapping the tawse
meaningfully against my palm) is the BAD news, Jenny. However,
there IS some good news. Aren't you glad?"

Jenny could only stare as the others laughed.

"Do you find this interesting, Jenny? It's a Scottish taws,
designed for exactly the purpose that we have in mind - namely to
punish bottoms. This is a heavy model, which we picked because we
want to make sure that we REALLY cure you of your kleptomania.
Notice the three tails at the end. They add a particularly
intense sensation, so I'm told."

Jenny seemed to be getting unsteady on her feet, "No - surely you
wouldn't b-beat me w-with"

"The good news is that since you've been having such a hard time
with self- discipline so far, we're going to leave out the
self-discipline portion of the next stage. You won't have to
worry about staying in position, which I rather doubt you'd be
able to anyway because this little baby packs a real wallop,
anyway, you won't have to worry about holding still because
you'll be tied down. Aren't you glad?"

This was too much for our delicate darling. She fainted on the
spot! Dave, who saw it coming, was quick enough to catch her.

Actually, it was a convenient time for her to faint, because it
made the necessary preparations that much easier. Perhaps you
remember my first letter, Professor, in which I introduced the
modified sawhorse that Dave had invented'? It was just a matter
of padding the top brace and adding some hooks. Well, he had now
improved the design quite a bit, and actually created a new
device. What he had come up with was really more like an Olympic
style vaulting horse. It was bolted into a metal plate that he
had put down on the floor, and the height could be adjusted for
various body types and various uses. The horse was removable and
in fact the metal plate was designed so that a second horse could
be placed next to the first one. The second horse could also
slide away from the first up to about three feet.

Speaking of Nancy, one of the refinements was her idea. The
padding on the top bar was now covered with a bristly coconut
matting. Nancy's idea was that Jenny's sore belly would be
further irritated by this. Nancy is a very thoughtful girl!

In short, when Jenny came to, just a few seconds after we had
finished, she found herself well secured over the horse. However,
instead of spreading her legs, as we had done with Nancy (there
would be plenty of time for that later), we fixed her ankles and
her wrists, with leather cuffs and clips, to a ring that was
imbedded in the floor in the center. We had raised the height of
the horse so that Jenny's legs had a little bend in them if her
tummy was resting on the cross bar. Thus she had the ability to
heave her bottom upwards about six inches. Nancy and I had pulled
her hair back into a ponytail and then loosely attached that with
a piece of string to the waist band of her g-string. This kept
Jenny's hair out of her face, not so much for her benefit as for
ours - to give us an unobstructed view of Jenny's face and all of
the various expressions that were sure to visit it.

Even though Jenny's ankles were fixed more or less together, her
relaxed, unconscious, state allowed her thighs to hang somewhat
apart, which, combined with her tightly bent position, opened her
up quite a bit in back. Of course her most intimate parts were
still covered by the protective g-string, but this view
nevertheless seemed most interesting to Dave and Timmy.

"Ohh, where am I? Ohhh, my bottom hurts, and my tummy!" were her
first words. Then, "OHH!" as she noticed that she couldn't get
her arms or legs loose. "What's going on! What are you doing to
me?"

"Nothingyet!" volunteered Timmy. At the sound of Timmy's voice,
Jenny clinched her legs together as tightly as she could.
Nevertheless, in her tightly bent position a little of the black
pouch that contained her pussy poked provocatively out from
between her thighs, and a few cute sprigs of pubic hair were
visible as well. Jenny looked lovely as she tentatively
struggled, trying to assess the extent of her entrapment.

I walked to Jenny's front and trailed the three tailed end of the
taws so it touched her hand. She jerked in surprise then gazed in
fascination at the strap.

"Go on, feel it, Jenny. That's it, notice how thick and heavy it
is. Yes, it IS a bit scary isn't it, but no reason to start
blubbering. Believe me, you'll have something to blubber about in
a little bit." As I somewhat roughly pulled the strap away from
her hand, and walked around to command her OTHER end.

And what an end it was - a truly impressive bottom, large yet
well-formed and tight, without excess fat. It was diverting just
to watch it, following the examples of Dave, Nancy and Timmy, as
it slightly squirmed its blotchy red surface in fear.

I was looking forward to the next few minutes. As your readers
may remember, Professor, I had up to this moment had the pleasure
of using both the birch and the cane on a bottom - namely that of
my darling daughter Nancy. Always wanting to add new skills to my
repertoire, I wanted to get experience with the taws. I had a
feeling that a big bottom like Jenny's would be a wonderful
subject for an instrument that delivers a very harsh pain over a
wide area.

Dave had given Jenny an extremely effective spanking and I took
that as a challenge. I wanted Jenny to forget all about the
spanking!

I felt the need to philosophize. "Have you ever considered,
Jenny, how wonderfully suited the bottom is as a location for
punishing a naughty young girl, especially when it's a big,
sturdy bottom like yours?"

Jenny moaned in humiliation and fear.

"It is wonderfully sensitive, yet it can withstand extremely
vigorous applications of a large variety of implements. The owner
of the bottom may be convinced after a while that she can stand
no more, but she is always wrong. Her bottom can always take
more. In addition, a young girl's bottom, such as yours, is such
a joy to whip and spank and to watch as it bounces about and
changes colors. Added to all of this is the wonderful sense of
embarrassment and humiliation that the sensitive, modest type of
girl, such as yourself, must endure."

"Oh, please, please, don't hit me with that"

I drew back the taws and gave her a severe stroke right across
the middle of her tightly bent bottom. The taws made a loud
"CRACK!" as it hit. The area that had been struck first turned
white and then slowly turned an even deeper red than that of the
surrounding area. As for Jenny's reaction, the first result was a
soft, "Ah!", followed after a couple of seconds by an intense
moan of surprise and pain. Her buttocks clinched hard and her
hips ground into the cross bar for about 5 seconds. Then she
pushed her bottom backwards towards her appreciative audience,
yawning the globes charmingly. Just as she did this, I gave her
another hard one, lower down, almost across her thighs.

"Ahhhhh! Stop!" she found her voice, "I can't" writhing in this
suddenly more intense pain.

Whack! I sent this one to hit in between the other two.

"Ohhh! Ahhh! It hurts!! Please, Aunt Marge, it's too much! Ohhh!"

Whack! This one went high, on the very top of the lovely big bum.

"Agggggh!" she screamed and then panted, trying to catch her
breath. Her bottom was starting to perform some very interesting
gyrations. I started to think that I was succeeding in making her
forget the spanking.

"Another nice thing about a girl's bottom" I continued my
philosophizing, having to talk rather loud over young Jenny's
moaning and crying and begging, "is the interesting extra
sensitive parts that can sometimes make their appearance,
depending on how the young girl is positioned, if you know what I
mean. No matter how much a girl's bottom cheeks may be hurting,
as I'm sure yours are, one can always ad a nice little extra
touch of spice, of pain that is, by making use of the extra
sensitive bits."

At this I allowed the tail of the taws to brush against the
little bit of g-string encased pussy that was pushing out, rather
impudently, just underneath Jenny's blazing bottom. Then I turned
the taws sideways and drew it edgewise up her bottom crack. She
instantly, intuitively, knew what I was implying. A girl can't
help but realize when very sensitive parts of herself are in a
vulnerable position. "No! Aunt Marge, not there!" the dear girl
blurted out.

"An even if one never chooses to make use of the more sensitive
areas, the young girl in question has to always wonder just WHERE
the next stroke will land. No matter how much her bottom is
hurting, the young lady knows that she must be respectful and
polite to avoid even greater pain."

Whack! Whack! Without warning I delivered two stingers to the
tops of Jenny's delicate thighs. The sawhorse creaked with the
strain of the sudden jerking of Jenny's body as she let loose two
surprised and agonized screams. Jenny's rear view was producing
more and more evidence of a severe thrashing. The previous red
color left over from her spanking was now enhanced by several
bands of a darker, almost purplish red, and decorated with darker
purple marks where the tails of the taws had hit.

