"Xena, are you going to come downstairs tonight?" Gabrielle asked hopefully.

"Maybe, later," Xena replied. She thought of the crowd of people that usually filled up the common room. The people who openly gawked at her until she glared at them were tiresome and boring. For the past week she had spent more time in the inn's room than out in the city or downstairs in the common room where Gabrielle earned their keep. She was becoming more reclusive and distant while she tried to keep the inner demons at bay. The only peace she felt was when she went to talk to Isiphae late at night.

Gabrielle sat on the edge of the bed as Xena polished her breastplates.

"Xena, how long are you going to wait before you tell me what's going on?" Gabrielle asked. Xena emitted a low grunt but made no attempt to answer the question.

Gabrielle continued. "No matter what, Xena, I'm not going away. I'll stick by you through all of it," the bard said. "All of it," she repeated.

Xena lifted her head to look at Gabrielle. She started to say something and then shook her head. "You don't know the half of it", she mumbled and resumed polishing.

"What? Xena, all I know is that I love you more than anything and I mean all of you. I mean even when you have," she paused searching for the right word, "lapses. Don't shut me out, Xena. I'm worried about you sitting up here in this room day after day." And doing Goddess knows what else late at night, she thought to herself.

Xena didn't answer. She just shook her head and continued to polish her breastplates that glistened in the dim light of the room. After a few minutes, she spoke. "Gabrielle, I can't tell you. Not yet, anyway."

"When will you tell me, Xena?" Gabrielle's question was laced with anger and impatience from the excruciating tension of the last few weeks. Xena glared at her with ice blue penetrating eyes when the bard realised her mistake. She backed off.

"Look, I'm sorry, Xena," she exhaled a long sigh. After a long pause, the bard said, "I'm going downstairs. I hope you come down when your ready." Gabrielle rose to her feet.

"Gabrielle," Xena started as she reached out for the bard's hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. "I'll be there in a minute." The bard nodded an acknowledgement and gave Xena a small grin as relief spread across her face.

Xena casually sauntered down the stairs to the common room. Gabrielle sat on a stool on a makeshift stage while the patrons scattered about the room listened attentively to an adventurous tale. Xena was inwardly relieved that the story was not about her. She got enough attention in Athens as it was and she didn't need unwarranted trouble. Gabrielle smiled and nodded at Xena as she found a table in a quiet corner and ordered an ale from the serving woman. The bard finished her story and began to recite a poem.

you're my obsession i just can't get you out of my mind
i look around and i see all the signs they say danger
i know you're gonna take me down to the darkness
down to the darkness but i want you to

Xena surveyed the room looking for any challenging stares or other signs of danger. She was still edgy as her sleep deprivation in recent weeks was catching up to her. She spied three warrior women at a table who sat close to the stage hanging on to the bard's every word. Two of the women were obviously a couple, Xena observed, but the third woman had just a little too much interest in the woman on stage. Her woman. Xena gritted her teeth as her blood surged with jealousy. She didn't like the looks of the flirting warrior and several times the bard returned the woman's smile infuriating Xena even more.

i 'm afraid of the darkness
but i'm attracted to it
i'm afraid of the darkness
i want to run away but i can't do it

Gabrielle continued reciting the poem and Xena wondered how many nights those warrior women were coming to hear the bard. She castigated herself for being so caught up in her own fears and concerns that she overlooked the possibility that Gabrielle would find somebody else. A small part of her was convinced she didn't deserve the bard but another big part would fight anyone to the death to keep Gabrielle in her life.

through my hazy confusion i close my eyes
but your image is indelibly burned there
seared into my memory
now as i stand on the edge of the precipice
looking down into the black abyss
i know i'll be lost with just one kiss but i want to be

Xena finished her first ale and ordered another, keeping one eye on the blonde warrior as she adoringly gazed up at Gabrielle. She fought a strong urge to walk over to the table and challenge the flirting warrior right then and there but she didn't want to interrupt her beloved bard in the middle of her poem. She had the patience to wait until Gabrielle was through and then she'd bash the warrior's brains out.

even as the tongues of fire lick at me from below
no turning back i just can't let go of the danger
i know you're gonna take me down to the darkness
down to the darkness but i want you to
down down down to the darkness

When Gabrielle finished her recital, she stepped down from the stage and Xena watched with astonishment as the bard went over to the table of the three warrior women. She overheard Gabrielle thank the three women for coming and shook the hand of the single warrior whose hand wandered almost unnoticed around Gabrielle's waist. Almost. Xena rose to her feet and went to the other table.

"Let's go, Gabrielle," she announced, carefully controlling her emotions.

"Oh hi, Xena!" Gabrielle exclaimed, obviously happy that Xena had finally come down from the room. "This is-------"

Xena didn't let her finish. "I said, let's go, " she said angrily as she glared at the three warriors.

"Xena, what's the matter? I want to stay and talk to Leica and her friends for a bit."

Without a backward glance, Xena said, "Nice to meet you." She grabbed Gabrielle by the arm and forcibly pushed her in the direction of the stairs.

All three warrior women simultaneously peered into their mugs and shook their heads in disbelief.

"Do you believe the way she treats that sweet girl?" asked Leica as soon as Xena and Gabrielle were safely up the stairs.

"Yeah well, she's Xena, Warrior Princess," Nestra said sarcastically.

"Yeah, so much for Xena, the Good Princess," Brissea added.

"Hey, the pretty little bard's been flirting with me all week. Hm, I wonder what other oral skills she has," Leica mused. "You know, if Xena's not careful, she might just lose that young girl," she added evenly.

Brissea and Nestra exchanged sceptical looks and laughed. "To who? You?" Nestra snorted as she took another gulp from her mug.

"No one ever leaves Xena," Brissea reminded Leica.

"So I heard, but I bet I can persuade the innocent one to leave her."

"Yeah right. You and who's army? If Xena's already put her mark on her, you won't stand a chance. She'll kill you and that girl in one fell swoop. Believe me, I've seen it happen."

"Isn't she supposed to be good now?" Leica asked derisively. "Besides, she can't kill what she can't find, now can she?" she boasted bravely.

"Hey, count me out of this one. Xena will never give up looking for you if you take that girl from her," Brissea was still shaking as she thought of the confrontation they almost had with the intimidating warrior. She was smart enough to know that all three of them together on their best day could never beat Xena by herself on her worst. She feared for her friend in her misguided intentions.

"Yeah well, she took Callisto away from me and I think it's time I returned the favour."

Nestra put her hand over Leica's and patted it reassuringly. She knew Callisto had returned no such love for her friend, Leica. When Callisto was alive, all she thought about was Xena and the intense warrior had been blinded and consumed by her hatred. Or one could say, love. She tried to reason with her irrational friend.

"Look, Leica, I know you loved Callisto but look what happened to her, going after Xena like that. It's all she ever thought about. Do you really think you can defeat the Warrior Princess?"

"Xena killed her!" Leica ignored the question. "And I'm not going to let her get away with it!"

Nestra gave up. She knew it was useless to try to talk Leica out of doing something once her mind was made up. "Suit yourself, but you better do it behind her back. I wouldn't want to fight her one on one."

Leica laughed. "Is that right? I heard the old warlord's gone loopy. She stays upstairs in that room all day except to tend her horse. This is the first time she's been downstairs all week."

"Well, not exactly." Brissea chimed in.

"What do you mean?" Leica cast a sharp glance at her friend.

Brissea exchanged knowing looks with her lover, Nestra, who nodded and sighed. "Go ahead, tell her."

"I heard that she's been going over to see Isiphae at the Wicked Wing," Brissea announced.

"You're kidding!"

"Nope, saw it with my own eyes," Nestra confirmed. "That little girl has got her hands full with the Warrior Princess," she added.

"Well, I'll just see if I can't relieve the little bard of her heavy burden."

Nestra and Brissea both said in unison, "Oh goddess!" and rolled their eyes at their friend.

"We'll see." Leica said thoughtfully as her mind wandered off in a hundred different directions as she made plans for her future. Her future with Gabrielle.