Hangin' out with Marti after school.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 17 (mf, cons, oral)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

*Period's done! Cum over 4 fun after school?*

JJ hadn't seen Marti in a few days and he missed her. *Sure!* he sent back as he returned to Ms. Diego's office, as ordered.

The gorgeous Latina had a couple extra buttons open on her tight blouse today, and seemed to have trouble concentrating after being ensconced in the small office with JJ for a few minutes.

"Um...JJ..." she began again, and blinked, "what was I saying?"

"I don't know, Ms. Diego." He regarded the sexy counselor. It would be so easy to just tell her to pull down those tight slacks and ride his cock to heaven, he mused, but while he was quite attracted to the stern-looking, golden-skinned woman, he only had a few minutes before his next class, and the office walls didn't look like they'd muffle her cries of pleasure. He imagined old Mrs. Abrogast, the principal, bursting into the room just as he filled up Ms. Diego's fertile pussy with his cum, and carefully adjusted the erection in his jeans.

Carmen consulted her notes. "Oh, yes, you talked to Sally after we spoke last? She said you told her to stay away from you, but you told me she had already been doing that for weeks."

He could hardly tell the counselor that he told Sally that after taking a naked video of the girl for leverage and painting her face with his cum! He thought quickly..."Uh, yeah, Ms. Diego...talking to you brought it all back, so I figured I'd best make sure that she was going to stay away, instead of just leaving it and hoping." He looked expectantly at the pretty older woman and found her staring at his face. "Ms. Diego?"

"Hm?"

"Was that all you wanted?"

She paused at the suggestively worded question, and then concentrated and checked her notes again. "Oh...you mentioned your father last time."

"Did I?" JJ scratched his head.

"'Let bygones be bygones'...you said it was your dad's saying." She sniffled. Why was the air conditioning in her room so bad, she wondered? It was so hot! She unhooked another button on her blouse, allowing her blue bra to play peekaboo and momentarily distracting JJ.

"Umm...oh, my stepdad, Aaron."

Carmen scribbled in her notes. "Stepdad...so, your biological dad...?"

Then the bell rang, and JJ was up and out of her office like a shot. He was definitely going to need Marti's help with his erection later!

---

"Come on! Before Lina gets home!" Marti pulled him up the stairs to her room.

Once there, she started to pull off her sundress, but JJ stopped her. "Maybe we could just talk for a bit?"

She paused, searching his face. "Oh, sure, JJ...I'm sorry, I'm like a kid with a new toy." She gave him a cute grin and they sat on her bed.

He told her about finally finishing with Sally, his bully, filming her for leverage and then blowing his load all over her face, and Marti high-fived him after they watched the video. He also mentioned the unexpected sex with his teacher the other day and got another high five. Then he recounted his dad's latest adventure, which ended with the man staying at a brothel.

"That's amazing, JJ! You think I'll get to meet your dad one day?"

"I dunno. He has to move around a lot. Um, some government agents are after him because of what he can do."

Marti's eyes were like saucers. "Shit, imagine if they got your dad to do spy stuff...or you! You could seduce enemy agents and get intel on anything!"

JJ considered. "Except the government might kill us trying to figure out how our pheromones work; mass produce it so any of their people could use them. It's too dangerous."

Marti nodded.

JJ lay back on the bed. "So what have you been up to?"

She lay back next to him. "Ol' Bill's been messaging Mom, trying to convince her to take him back. She told him to fuck off forever."

"Nice."

"JJ?"

"Hm?"

"That video really turned me on. Can we fuck now?"

JJ turned to look at her, laying next to him. She was practically vibrating! "Oh! Uh, yeah!"

"Cool!" Marti reached over, unzipped his jeans, and fished JJ's hardening cock out. "Mmm..." she moaned as she took it into her mouth.

After sucking him to full hardness, she unfastened and pulled down his jeans. As he pulled his t-shirt off, she climbed astride his erection and slipped it inside her wet pussy. He helped pull the slim girl's sundress off as she rode him.

"Mm...JJ, is there anyone else you wanna fuck? Uh!" She gasped as JJ's fingers found her clit, and she ground it against those digits as she rode him.

"Unh...honestly, Marti, I'm happy with you. Ohh..."

She moved her face closer to his, changing the angle of her thrusting. "But with your pheromones, you could have any woman you want! Mm..."

"I...uhh...don't wanna knock up every woman in town, Marti! In fact, after today we should probably use condoms, okay? Huhh..."

"Mmn...okay, JJ, but if this is the last time, can I ask a favor?" She nibbled on his lower lip.

"Huff...yeah..."

She sat back. "Sit up." He did, and then his face was between her small boobs. He almost took a nipple into her mouth, but then she directed him to swivel so his feet were on the floor. "Pick me up and push me against the wall," she directed him, and awkwardly, almost pitching forward, he did so. They hit the wall a bit hard, knocking both their breaths away.

"Now take me, JJ, hard. Be rough!" She wrapped herself around him.

Marti was light, so it wasn't difficult for him to hold her there, pinned against the wall, as he started to slam himself into her.

"Ohh, yes, JJ! Now tell me you're gonna knock me up!"

He stopped. "But I don't wanna do that! I just told you..."

She took his face in her hand. "It's pretend! Pleeeasse..."

He began thrusting into her, slowly. "You're sure you can't actually get pregnant right now?"

"Not right after my period! Now fuck me, JJ!" She kissed him hard.

JJ gave up and thrust into her hard again as he returned the passionate kiss.

She broke their lip lock. "Please, JJ..."

"Um...unhh...I'm gonna give you a baby, Marti!"

"Fuck, yeah..." she moaned, "...more..."

"Unf...unf...gonna fill you up with my cum, um, bitch! Ain't no chance your belly's not gonna swell with my child."

"Ooh, yes, JJ..." She held him tighter, allowing her to thrust back at him.

"Gonna...gonna knock you up...oh, shit! I'm cumming!" He rammed himself into her as his cock throbbed and shot his cum into the overheated girl.

Though not fertile for another couple weeks, Marti was already on a hair trigger from all the impregnation talk, and as she felt his warm seed fill her belly, she came. It wasn't as intense as when JJ did it when she was actually fertile, but it was still incredible. "Ohh fuuucckk..." she moaned, "that's so good, JJ..."

He walked her back over to the bed to lay her down, but after using most of his strength up during that vigorous coupling, he practically dropped her. As he came down on top of her, her head bounced back off of the mattress and their foreheads connected together with a hollow, echoing thunk!

"Oh!" she gasped.

"Ow! Shit! Oh, I'm sorry, Marti!" He pulled back and out of her, causing her to gasp.

They rubbed their foreheads. After a moment she started to laugh, "You really don't know what you're doing, do you?"

He looked sheepish, still rubbing at his forehead. "I guess not. Do you still like me?"

"Yes, doofus. You think you can get it up again?"

He looked down at his wilting member. "Not with my head hurting, sorry, and I should get home."

She looked at her clock. "Well, my sister's due home soon, so we probably wouldn't have been able to go a second time anyway. Talk to you tomorrow?"

"Sure!" He pulled his clothes on. Marti just lay there, naked and satisfied, though with a bit of a headache now.

Now dressed, JJ looked at the cute girl. "So, um..."

She held out her arms. "Gimme a kiss goodbye."

He did so, and almost decided to get undressed again as he felt his cock stir. "Bye."

JJ went home while Marti lay there, idly playing with some of the large load of sperm he had deposited within her closed baby bank. Then she looked thoughtful.

Keeping her legs tightly closed, she headed to the bathroom and grabbed a small, empty cylindrical bottle that used to hold her mom's iron pills. After rinsing it out, she squatted and let JJ's semen drip out of her and into the bottle. She used her finger to coax the creamy white substance out, and when no more came, she re-sealed the container and rinsed it. Then she went and put the container into her lunch bag in the fridge.

On the way home, JJ got a call. "Oh, hey Dad! What's new?"

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)