Will She Or Won't She?
By cielbleu

Will She Or Won't She? Pt. 03

The wet-T shirt contest is over, but the fun isn't.

Nathalie came back out from behind the stage, down the steps and hurried to me, she put her arms around my neck and pulled me in tight in a deep kiss. She had put her own black t-shirt back on, her skirt was still wet but back to its usual length. Going back near our table in the corner, I handed her her bra and panties.

"I'm not putting the bra back on, I'm still wet. Panties, no, this is too exciting. Or actually..."

She took the panties from my hand and bunched them up in her own, then reached under her skirt to wipe the wetness off her pussy and thighs with them.

"Ooohhh... I'm so horny! Actually I might wear those after all" she said with a wink. She put her wrist through a leg loop, gave them a few half twists and over her wrist again. Now her panties were a bracelet.

"Let's go back to the hotel. Now." she said. She grabbed my hand and walked briskly towards the exit.

"This was soooo much fun! I can't believe I did it!" she continued as we were walking back west on Bourbon street.

"I knew you had it in you." I said. "You had hinted to me a couple times that you liked to do that kind of thing in college. You're probably even sexier now than you were back then."

"Yeah, but I never did it quite so bluntly as that! I had just turned eighteen, I wanted to be away from my parents on the boring south shore and attend U of M downtown. I was so rebellious my parents agreed and helped me rent a small apartment, which was only two bus stops away from the campus bar. I loved my new freedom, and it was only then that I started to see myself as sexy and desirable. I loved to go dancing wearing a short denim skirt, and just a black jacket over my bra!"

"After a few times I noticed a lot of cute guys were staring at my butt, hoping to get a flash of panties! That turned me on so much that one night I went to remove them in the bar's restrooms. I was even more excited! Then the next few times, I actually left my apartment and took the bus without any panties on, not even taking them with me in my purse! I wasn't actually flashing, but knowing that I was bare under my skirt when I danced, and that someone might get a glimpse, was such a wild feeling! And I'm sure some guys did notice. A few times I started making out with a cute guy and then dragged him into the restroom to fuck."

She continued her story as we walked briskly, hand in hand.

"and now tonight, with all these girls flashing their tits in the streets, it got me back into the mood I was in all these years ago. When you nudged me into entering the contest, I felt like I was eighteen again! My pussy started getting wet even before you unhooked my bra!"

A few yards away from us, another rowdy group of guys and girls were having fun, the girls flashing for beads thrown by some people from a balcony above. As we were walking by, they yelled at us -- or, more specifically, at her: "Hey beautiful, show us your tits too!"

She stopped, turned to face them, briefly lifted her t-shirt over her tits with a wide smile, then pulled it back down, laughing, and continued walking. One of the guys yelled: "Show us your panties!"

She grinned and raised her wrist in the air, waving it, looking back at them with a smile. Then she quickly lifted the back of her skirt to flash her butt cheeks. Wild applause and cheers from the balcony but she didn't wait for the beads, and continued walking quickly towards the Hilton, holding my hand.

We were passing by an alley between two buildings, where there were a few dumpsters and recycling bins. She stopped, and pulled me into the alley.

"I should have thought of that before I left the bar, but I really have to pee now!"

She leaned back against the wall behind a dumpster while I stood guard. Squatting and lifting her skirt, she just let go the stream between her legs. She was clearly drunker than I thought. Gulping down that Hurricane seemed to have a delayed effect. I've never been into those kind of watersports, but the sight of her peeing in the alley with a contended smile on her face was incredibly erotic.

"AAaahhhhh! she moaned as she relieved herself. I was standing in front of her to make her less visible from the street.

While she was still squatting, she grabbed my belt and pulled me closer. She undid my buckle and the buttons of my jeans, then pulled my stiff cock out and started on a hurried blowjob. She was making delicious little moaning sounds as she sucked me, then started fingering herself at the same time, still squatting in front of me with her legs spread wide.

Suddenly, we heard some noise further in the alley and a door opened. I pulled out of her mouth hurriedly, she giggled "Ooops!". I managed to put my cock back in my pants as she stood up and dragged me away again, laughing. We never knew whether someone saw us and didn't wait to find out.

She continued her earlier story, teasing me, while still walking back fast towards our hotel.

"It gets you get hard when I tell you my stories, huh? Maybe... you think I'm making them up? Maybe I am... or not... Once, in those restrooms, while that cute guy was fucking be from behind.... maybe someone walked in, and.... maybe I opened the door of our toilet stall, and... maybe the other guy brought his cock to my lips and... maybe I took him in mouth while I... It could have been you!"

As much as I would have liked it to be, sadly it wasn't me then. Though I did frequent that same bar, but a few years before her. Graduating young and starting your own company has its advantages, but the pleasures of a misspent youth are not one of them. But hey, no time like the present and I can still try and catch up on the fun in middle age. As I was doing tonight.

Another group ahead of us doing the tits for beads thing. This time she lifted her t-shirt over her tits before even being asked as we walked by the group without stopping, to cheers from both guys and girls. She did a twirl and a spin, giggling, her skirt flying up to her waist as we left the group behind.

We were now out of the French Quarter, and walking southeast along Canal street, towards the riverfront, then towards the Riverside Hilton near the convention center. No more tit flashing in this section of downtown, sadly, but we were in kind of hurry to get there. Out of the question to stop at the Casino on the way.

Nathalie's bouncing tits under her t-shirt and her still damp skirt raised a few eyebrows from some people as we crossed the hotel lobby, but there was no cause for major scandal. Out of the five elevators, we got into the one that had a glass wall on the outward facing side. Somehow I knew something might happen in there...

Just before the doors closed, another couple hurried to hop in. They were slightly younger than us, perhaps early thirties, rather attractive. Both of them noticed Nathalie's nipples poking through her shirt, the lack of a bra very apparent as I was holding her tight by the waist. Then they noticed that her skirt appeared wet. They were smiling at us, clearly realizing that we had been having an interesting evening so far.

The elevator's interior light dimmed automatically as it started up, the better to enjoy the city lights.

"Enjoying your stay?" the woman asked us with a grin.

"Very much!" I answered, grabbing Nathalie's ass under her skirt. They couldn't see where my hand went, but they could guess the general direction.

"That's an interesting bracelet you're wearing" she said pointing to Nathalie's wrist, having evidently figured it out. "Did you get that here in New Orleans?"

"Yes I did, actually" she answered. "Not far from here, as a matter of fact. Would you like me to show you where you can get one of your own?"

She was grinning at the woman as she said this, and bent forward slightly to touch the hem of the woman's own skirt. The guy's eyes were popping out. The woman giggled but brushed Nathalie's hand away as the elevator slowed down for their floor and the light came back on.

"No, thanks, I think I know where you mean." She got out of the elevator, dragging her dumbstruck boyfriend by the hand, still grinning. She turned back to look at us in the elevator as the doors started to close. The interior light was still on. Nathalie turned towards me, lifting her skirt to her waist, holding it with one hand and exposing her ass to the couple, while dropping to her knees in front of me and starting on my belt as the doors closed and the light dimmed.

She resumed the wonderful blowjob that had been interrupted earlier, as the elevator continued up to our 25th floor. But at the speed the elevator was going, we would be there entirely too soon. Mischievously, I pushed two more floor buttons.

The elevator slowed, the light came back on, the doors opened.

"Keep going." I said, as she went to stop. The hallway was empty. The light in the elevator cabin would cause anyone who cared to look from the street below, or the buildings in the distance, to see my bare-assed girlfriend on her knees sucking cock in an elevator. Then the light dimmed and the cabin started up again.

Before we got to the next stop, I made her get up and turn around, hands on the glass wall, facing outside. I entered her wet pussy from behind, she moaned and whimpered as I started to thrust. The elevator slowed again, the light came back on. In her reflection in the glass wall, I could see her eyes wide open, a nervous look in her eyes as I continued to fuck her from behind. She couldn't see whether anyone was in the hallway, my body blocking her view. The light went off again and the elevator continued up.

We got to the 25th floor, I pulled out of her and dragged her by the hand. Hallway and corridor empty. She ran past me towards our room, stepping out of her skirt and then pulling off her t-shirt as she continued down the corridor. She was now wearing just her shoes, jewellery and her panties around her wrist. I grabbed her discarded clothes off the floor as I followed.

We got to our room door. I took the keycard out of my jeans pocket, not an easy task when your fly is open, the front of your pants pulled down and you have somebody's tongue in your mouth. I managed to open the door and she rushed in, still pulling me by the hand.

I stepped out of my shoes, pants and underwear as the door closed. She dragged me by the bed in front of the plate glass window and started sucking my cock again as I leaned back against the wall. Outside, brightly lit barges glided silently down the Mississippi river.

I made her rise and she leaned against the window, squishing her breasts on the cool glass, rising on her tiptoes as I entered her again from behind. I grabbed one of her breasts and pinched her nipple, caressing her neck and cheek with my other hand. She took my fingers in her mouth and sucked them as I fucked her. I felt her start to tremble, and as her orgasm came she let out a cry, banging the glass with her hands.

She pushed me back onto the bed and mounted me, and as she started riding and bucking, she said, panting:

"Yeah... all of those guy's dicks were hard in the bar.... Uuuh! Watching me... Aaah! Aaah! ...and that blonde girl's tongue in my mouth.... Uuunngh! ...and my wet pussy on her thigh... aaaahhh.... And you were watching me too, watching me... Uhh! Uhh! as I wiggled my ass, and flashed my pussy... aaah! Yes!... to all these people, bare assed under my tiny skirt...."

I could feel my own orgasm coming, as she continued:

"...and it was like old times again, as my pussy... Aahhh! Aah! ...leaked down my thighs and I fingered myself... and I came in front of all ... Aaaaahhhhh! Yes! Yes! she cried out as my come spurted out into her belly, her head thrown back, my hands pinching both nipples.

She collapsed on top of me, exhausted, her cunt still clutching my cock in little spasms that went on for a short while, then stopped.

I was kind of looking forward to that next software conference in a few months in Barcelona.



