Hot Family Next Door
By Perry Jones


	Chapter Five

	The next time Skeet was left alone for an evening, he naturally wanted to get another peek into his neighbor's apartment.  

	Now, though, there were no sounds of merriment coming through the wall.  For all he knew, there might be no one at home next door.  But he had to find out.  

	So once again he made the perilous climb to the neighboring balcony.  Again the windows in the balcony doors gave him a perfect view into the well-lighted living room.  But this time the room was empty.  

	Even with nothing to see, however, Skeet gasped for breath and trembled.  Hope had stirred his passions, and he knew he was in danger of being caught.  As his heart pounded loudly in his ears, he wondered if this was worth it.  

	But then the black-haired gorgeous creature strolled into the room, and Skeet forgot everything else.  

	She was wearing a robe; her feet were bare.  As Skeet thought of the naked body beneath that garment, his prick stiffened and began to throb.  

	The woman picked up a magazine and sat down on the couch, her legs curled up beneath her.  The robe was opened to her tits, and Skeet saw the tops of those creamy tit mounds.  But she seemed to be alone, and there didn't seem to be much hope of an interesting show.  

	Skeet began to regret coming over to her balcony.  He considered sneaking back, but he would risk being seen if he tried it.  

	Feeling trapped and dismayed, Skeet cursed the horniness that drove him to such extremes.  Skeet wished she would go to another room long enough for him to climb back to his own balcony.  

	As though she'd heard his wishes, she got up from the couch.  Skeet was ready to beat it as soon as the woman was out of sight.  

	But rather than leaving the living room, she began walking toward the balcony doors.  Skeet almost panicked.  

	The woman was gripping the lapels of her robe as she slowly strolled to the doors.  Skeet tried to hide under the table.  If she didn't come outside, he might still get away with his peeking.  

	From beneath the table Skeet could see the woman from the waist down.  She'd stopped at the door.  She must be looking out at the city's skyline, he thought-something his mother liked to do while standing at the glass doors, and as often as not she never went outside.  Skeet prayed this chick would do the same.  

	But then the balcony doors swung open.  Skeet tried to make himself tiny as he crouched motionless beneath the table.  If only he could disappear!  

	A few feet away from him, the woman's bare feet trod the cool cement of the balcony.  Skeet had never been so terrified in his life.  He would have given anything to be anywhere but under that table.  Now if the woman found him it would be such a shock to her she might become hysterical.  She would scream, run into her apartment, and call the police.  He would be arrested, disgraced, and his life would be ruined.  

	"You might as well come out from under there," the woman said coolly.  

	For a second Skeet didn't believe what he'd heard.  Then he tried to tell himself that she wasn't talking to him.  Finally, he crawled out from under the table and stood up.  

	"Hi," he said.  "I was looking for my cat.  I think she came over here."  

	He knew it was a transparent lie.  But it was the only thing he could think of.  

	"Did you see a cat out here?"  he asked.  

	The woman merely stared at him, neither smiling nor frowning.  She was even more beautiful than he'd thought.  Her face was pale, framed by her jet-black hair.  Her eyes were almost as dark as her hair.  Her nose was thin and straight and her lips thin yet well formed.  

	"Come in," she said, still not giving Skeet a hint about how she felt about finding him hiding under the table on her balcony.  

	Just being in that living room, the scene of the incredible orgy he'd witnessed, alone with this gorgeous creature was taking the edge off Skeet's panic.  The woman seemed harmless, and he knew what sort of sexual creature she was.  A glimmer of hope was rekindled in him.  

	"What color was it?"  she asked calmly.  

	"Huh?"  Skeet asked dumbly.  

	"Your cat.  What color was it?"  Skeet wished she'd drop the cat business.  She couldn't possibly believe it, anyhow.  But he deserved to have his nose rubbed in his lie, and he'd be lucky if that were to be his only punishment.  "Black," he said.  

	"Haven't seen it," the woman said.  "What's your name?"  

	"Charles.  But everyone calls me Skeet."  

	The woman bent to pick up a pack of cigarettes from the coffee table in front of the couch.  As she did, her robe fell away from her chest, giving Skeet a good but quick glimpse of her naked tits.  In spite of his discomfort, his prick began to grow again.  

	"Mine's Fran," she said as she snapped a flame into life on a gold lighter and lit her cigarette.  

	Staring helplessly, Skeet watched how her cheeks were pulled in as she dragged on the cigarette.  Then she put down the pack and lighter, giving him another view of her tits.  He saw how round and firm her tits were, and saw the erect buttons of her dark nipples.  

	With perfect grace, she moved around the table and sank into the couch.  Then she motioned for Skeet to sit down at the opposite end.  He banged his knee on the edge of the table and yelped before sitting down.  

	"In the future, I wish you'd come to the door and ask my permission to search for your cat on my balcony," Fran said.  "I have a habit of walking around naked and I like privacy.  Besides, you could have fallen."  

	Her words made Skeet squirm.  

	"Sorry," he offered.  "I didn't want to bother you."  

	"It wouldn't have been a bother," Fran said.  "I like to have neighbors drop in.  I would have offered you something to drink and we could have gotten to know one another."  

	Skeet liked this woman and was almost glad she had caught him on her balcony.  And deep inside him was the hope he could fuck her.  After all, she had been in the orgy-so why shouldn't she want to fuck him?  

	"I guess I should offer you something, anyhow," Fran said.  "Just because you came over the railing is no reason to be a poor hostess.  Coffee?"  

	She bent over to knock an ash into an ashtray on the table and gave Skeet another glimpse of one perfect tit.  

	"Uh, do you have any Coke?"  

	"Sure," Fran said.  "Do you like ice in it?"  

	"Okay," Skeet said as he watched her ass switching back and forth as she glided from the room.  

	Skeet took a few deep breaths, trying to calm down.  He'd never met a chick like this before, nor had he been caught peeking into someone's home.  But Fran seemingly had forgiven him.  Now, if she would only fuck him!  

	As she carried two glasses of Coke into the room, Skeet tried not looking at her tits.  It wasn't easy.  Her erect nipples showed on the silken material of her robe.  Since her tits bounced slightly as she walked, her nipples were getting stimulated by the fabric, Skeet realized.  Then, as she put his Coke down, he got the best view yet of her tits.  Even when Fran sat down next to him his eyes remained wide from the glory of the sight.  

	Now, with the woman so close, Skeet had the warmth and fragrance of her body to contend with besides her beauty and gracefulness.  It was an overpowering combination!  

	Fran sat back and sipped the drink she'd brought in for herself.  It looked like some sort of whiskey on ice, and Skeet felt childish sipping a Coke.  

	"You keep looking at my tits," Fran said.  "Are you that desperate?"  

	Skeet was suddenly as flustered as he'd been when he was caught on the balcony.  His face turned red and he choked on his Coke.  He had to jump up and gasp for breath.  

	"I'd better be going," he said.  

	"Oh, that was stupid of me," she said.  "I'm sorry.  I say the wrong thing all the time."  Fran ran to the door and blocked Skeet's way.  "Please don't go!"  

	Now Skeet stood less than a foot from Fran.  He noticed that she was shorter than him as she looked up at his face with a serious expression.  

	Fran stepped forward and put her hands on Skeet's shoulders.  When the firm mounds of her tits touched the boy's chest, he began staggering backward, but Fran kept moving forward, pressing herself to him.  

	"I didn't mean to hurt your feelings," she cooed.  "Let me make it up to you!"  

	Skeet's brain was spinning with confusion and lust.  But he was able to stop his retreat and hold his ground.  Fran moved into his embrace and kissed him.  

	Her lips were so incredibly soft and warm!  Her tits were crushed on his chest as Skeet encircled her with his arms.  His prick swelled again, and he wondered if Fran could feel it growing against her belly.  

	Skeet had kissed a lot of girls.  But they had all been girls his own age, and they didn't kiss like this.  Besides, if the kiss led to some tit-grabbing, Skeet thought he was lucky.  But now he was kissing this older woman-a woman he'd seen in an orgy!  

	Fran swayed in Skeet's embrace, rubbing her tits on his chest and her belly on his trapped prick.  Her tongue met his between their open mouths.  

	"Let me give you a better look at what you were peeking at," Fran said as she stepped back from Skeet's trembling body.  

	She gave the sash of her robe a quick tug and its knot fell apart, letting the robe fall open.  Fran's nipples were still hidden by the sides of the robe but the tender valley between her tits was exposed.  So was her belly button and, below that, her cunt!  

	Skeet's eyes fastened to the dark triangle of wiry cunt curls.  Her pussy hair was so black it looked blue and silver as the light glinted from it.  Framed by the smooth, soft skin of Fran's belly and thighs, her pussy looked especially inviting.  

	Skeet was already panting with horny rage.  Fran enjoyed the sight of the boy so awed by her beauty, and she was able to share his wild excitement.  

	She opened the robe fully and slipped it from her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor behind her.  

	"God!"  Skeet gasped as he stared in wonder at the sight.  

	Fran's tits were even more magnificent than he'd noticed when he saw her in the orgy.  Of course, standing this close gave him a better view.  Now he could see how round and firm her tits were.  And her brown nipples made his mouth water.  

	Skeet moved forward and embraced the naked woman again.  He shoved his tongue into her mouth and he squeezed her to him, feeling her erect nipples on his chest.  Then he moved one hand from her back to one of her tits and spread his fingers over it.  

	"Mrammra!"  Fran hummed into Skeet's mouth.  

	The boy was almost out of control with excitement.  But his curiosity kept his hands exploring.  After squeezing Fran's tit, he slid his hand toward her cunt.  

	But before he reached that hot nest, Fran wiggled out of his embrace.  For a second, Skeet was terrified that it was all over.  

	"Follow me," Fran said as she turned and walked out of the room.  

	Watching her naked ass, that same lovely ass that had made him so horny when he saw it swishing down the hallway, Skeet followed eagerly.  Now that her ass was naked, Skeet appreciated it even more.  Her ass cheeks were wide, round, and heavy.  A dimple near her waist on each ass cheek completed the picture.  

	When Fran turned to face the boy again, they were in her bedroom.  Skeet was only dimly aware of what was happening, though, since he couldn't take his eyes off Fran's nakedness.  

	"Get undressed, honey," Fran said.  

	This was it, Skeet realized!  He was finally going to get fucked, if he could only pull himself together.  

	As he fumbled with the buttons of his shirt, he kept his eyes on Fran.  It took him so long to unfasten the first button Fran stepped up to him and helped.  So Skeet gave up and let the woman undress him as though he were a child.  

	Fran's nimble fingers soon had Skeet's shirt unbuttoned, and, as she pulled it back off his shoulders, her tits touched the boy's naked chest.  He trembled.  

	But when Fran began unfastening Skeet's belt, he really began shaking.  Fran wondered if he was going to faint before she got a chance to fuck him.  She thought she'd better hurry.  So she dropped to her knees and pulled down his zipper.  He tried to help, but his hands just wouldn't work.  

	Still kneeling before the lust-stricken boy, Fran tugged his jeans down.  Then she reached up and pulled down his underpants.  

	"Ahhhh!"  Skeet cried as his prick sprang from its prison and almost whacked Fran across the face.  

	Skeet looked down at the most exciting scene he'd ever imagined.  The gorgeous woman kneeling in front of him began moving her hands up and down his thighs and stomach as she stared at the bouncing tip of his big prick.  

	"What a big, beautiful cock!"  Fran said through clenched teeth.  

	With his jeans and underpants around his ankles, Skeet swayed and trembled.  Fran wrapped her fingers around his prick.  

	There was nothing in the world like having a soft, cool, feminine hand caressing his hard, twitching cock, Skeet found.  His passion was rising like bubbles in a bottle of champagne.  

	But still more unbelievable things were happening as Skeet stared down at Fran.  She moved -her hand from his prick after petting his bloated cockhead.  She took his balls into a tight grip.  Then her face began moving toward Skeet's prick!  But he didn't imagine she was going to suck his cock until he saw her mouth open.  

	For a virginal kid to have his prick sucked by a vision of sexy loveliness like Fran was too much.  Skeet barely felt her hot mouth surrounding his prick-knob.  He didn't even notice her tongue swirling around beneath the most sensitive part of his prick.  To Skeet, the whole experience was a blast of pure ecstasy.  

	"Ahhhhh!"  he yelled as his orgasm went off like a volcanic eruption.  Leaning heavily on Fran's shoulders, Skeet pumped his hips blindly, instinctively as he filled the woman's mouth with a generous gift of jism.  

	Fran struggled to drink his cock cream before it flowed down her chin.  

	Skeet had never had such an orgasm!  He hardly knew where he was or what was happening to him.  First of all, he was too excited, and secondly, he couldn't believe that he could be so lucky.  

	The next thing he knew, he was lying on a cool bed and Fran was tugging his jeans and underpants from his ankles where they'd been left.  She pulled off his sneakers, socks and everything in one jumble and dropped them.  Then she lay down beside the boy and ran her hand over his forehead.  

	"How was that?"  she asked.  "Did you like it?"  

	Skeet only stared at her like a dumb animal.  After all, the question needed no answer.  

	Fran had only asked to see what state Skeet was in.  She was dying to have her cunt filled with his prick, and she longed to see him revived.  Knowing how horny he was, she had decided to let him come once to relieve the pressure.  Then he would be able to give her the sort of fucking she wanted-long and hard!  

	Skeet's prick had collapsed onto his stomach, but as soon as Fran ran her hands over his chest, his cock began to rise slowly.  She kissed him on the mouth, then all over his face.  

	As Skeet caught his breath, he began to run his hands over Fran's body.  He filled both hands with her tits, watching how his fingers sank into that amazing softness.  He pinched her nipples.  Then, reviving like only a teenager could, he lifted his face to one of her round tits and took her nipple deep into his mouth and sucked hungrily.  

	Fran smiled to herself with happiness.  She couldn't resist grabbing Skeet's prick, measuring it and thrilling with the anticipation of having this hard young cock fuck her pussy.  

	Sucking eagerly on her tit, Skeet reached for Fran's pussy.  As his fingers moved through her cunt hair, he felt her spreading her thighs.  What a delightful switch from the girls he knew who resisted every advance!  

	Skeet was amazed how wet Fran's pussy was.  He'd heard that chick's cunts got wet when they were hot, but he never knew if it was really true.  It was!  And he found he could slide his fingers around in her fleshy cunt gash with that juice lubricating his way.  

	"Ohhhhh!"  Fran moaned as Skeet's strong, blunt fingers moved up and down her pussy gash in rough exploration.  

	Fran's moan was as exciting to Skeet as anything else that was happening.  The thought of his making this lusty chick cry out was a real thrill.  

	Skeet found the entrance to Fran's cunt hole.  He fucked his middle finger in and searched around.  This was his first foray into a cunt, and it felt like heaven!  As soon as his finger sensed the tender and hot lining of that chamber, his prick could hardly be restrained.  

	"Ohhhhhh!"  Fran wailed with a quavering tone as Skeet's strong finger moved round and round in her pussy.  

	But Skeet's body was pressing forward with uncontrolled desire.  With a mind of its own, his prick leaned forward, nearing the pit Skeet was fucking with his finger.  

	Fran would have preferred to wait a while longer, but she let her body lie back and she opened her legs wide.  

	Like a steam roller, Skeet's body inexorably moved into position on top of Fran.  His finger withdrew, and he thrust his cock at her cunt.  

	"Huhhhh!"  he gasped as his prick head bumped into the hot lips of her pussy.  

	But he'd missed her cunt hole.  Fortunately, Fran's hand was already on its way to guide his prick home.  She grabbed his thick cock shaft and shoved it down a bit.  His fat prick head slipped between the delicate inner lips of Fran's sweet pussy and fucked in.  

	Skeet felt his prick being swallowed by the tight maw of Fran's cunt.  Deeper and deeper he fucked.  His prick was surrounded by gripping walls of searing softness!  

	So this is fucking, Skeet thought.  It was a thousand times better than he'd ever imagined!  

	Automatically, he began pumping.  Sensations he never knew existed began to fill him as his prick was stroked and tugged by the silky lining of Fran's pussy.  Each fuck-stroke brought Skeet to a higher level of pleasure.  

	He became aware of how Fran was writhing under him.  She was fucking him as hard as he was fucking her, lifting her hips to meet the onslaught of his cock-lunges.  Under his chest her tits were heaving and rolling.  Her strong thighs gripped his hips.  

	Fran hadn't fucked such a young kid since she was his age.  The way Skeet's prick fucked in and out of her cunt with such speed and energy thrilled her.  And with every stab of his cock up her cunt, his pubic bone crashed into her clit, sending a jolt of pleasure into her brain.  

	It wasn't long before Skeet was panting and on the verge of his second orgasm.  

	Fran ground her hips in a circular motion, trying to increase the friction of his cock inside her pussy.  If she could keep up that strenuous technique, she could join Skeet in ecstasy.  

	Skeet's face was buried in the nape of Fran's neck.  She longed to watch his face as he came-it always thrilled her to see the mask of passion men wore while coming.  But she didn't want to make the boy self-conscious.  

	"Ohhhhh!"  Skeet cried as the first bullet of jism entered Fran's snapping cunt.  

	"Aaaaa!"  Fran yelled, consumed by her own orgasm.  

	She gripped a handful of Skeet's hair and lifted his face.  He didn't resist.  Then Fran held his head between her hands and peered up into his face.  He looked back at her, amazed at the beauty of a woman in ecstasy.  

	They fucked until they couldn't move.  Then they lay in a pile, enjoying the lingering sensation of warmth.  

	Skeet was still in shock but he knew he'd finally had his dream come true.  

	As he lay on top of Fran, Skeet's prick eventually stiffened again.  He began fucking her all over again.  His third orgasm was his best yet, and Fran came with such force and frenzy that Skeet was flabbergasted.  

	"Phil will be home soon," Fran whispered to the semi-conscious boy on top of her.  "You'd better get going."  

	Skeet hated to tear himself away from such pleasure.  He felt he could lie there forever, fucking every hour for the rest of his life.  But he climbed off the woman and pulled on his clothes.  He didn't take his eyes off her, though, even as she walked him to the door and kissed him good-night.  

	Skeet got home before his parents.  He crawled into bed, but his mind was still with Fran.  He relived every moment he'd been with her.  There was still enough detail to keep him buzzing, even in his dreams.  


To Be Continued
