The truck arrived at the boat and the last leg of the journey began. Tina was not doing well, so very sick and tired. She spent most of the voyage by sea clinging to Mike, throwing up and praying that they made it one piece. When the boat was about fifteen minutes from docking, a week later, Tina heard words that she never thought she would. The man who had kept them alive for the past weeks stood in front of them and handed them papers.

"Here are your identities."

It was a pretty powerful statement, especially coupled with the papers that were handed over. Tina was still not feeling well and the rocking of the boat made her sick. She had already puked her guts out about six times in the last two days. She looked to the identification papers, smiling and then looked to Mike. "We're an eighteen year old married couple, Mr. and Mrs. Chang," she said, shaking her head at the marvels the Underground employees had somehow managed. "I can deal with that."

Mike wrapped his good arm around her shoulders. His smile absolutely lit up. "Me too," he said. "I like that I get to step ashore as yours."

"Hey, I'm yours too, now," she said. She didn’t own him any longer. He was hers and she was happier than she had ever been.

Still staring at the papers, she heard the “all ashore” call. She followed Mike out onto the deck, still walking on shaky legs. She practically bent over the edge of the boat the second that she smelled the fresh air of the port. Mike held onto her firmly, or as firmly as he could with one hand.

They had been given an address in the stack of papers. Mike slowly walked Tina through the city. She wished that she do more than cling to Mike and try not to vomit. Her fever had started breaking on the voyage, but she still felt like being sick half of the time. She did not understand it in the slightest.

Sickness, however, became the last of her worries when she arrived at the location specified and realized that she and Mike were free. “Hello Mr. and Mrs. Chang,” said the worn, tired and yet friendly looking old woman who lived there. She spoke with a thick British accent and smiled, winking at the couple. “My name is Dela Cunningham and you are welcome to stay with my husband and I as long as you’d like. We know that you’ve been on a long journey. We’ve been dealing with people in your situation for years.”

Tina nodded, shakily. “It’s been…a l-long journey.”

“She’s ill,” Mike said softly, looking at the woman. “She’s been feverish the entire voyage and though that’s better she still doesn’t feel so well.”

“I see,” she said. “Let’s get you kids up to bed and then tomorrow I will have my husband send for his brother, a doctor, to check everything out.”

Mike nodded thankfully.

Tina did not speak until the woman had led them to a small but comfortable bedroom and shut the door. “There’s a bathroom adjoining your room, I know you two must need to clean up,” she said.

“We’re free,” she whispered, tears filling her eyes. “Mike, we’re free.” She dropped down onto the bed, curling up into herself and just sobbing. She could not believe that she and Mike were free and that the perilous journey that they went on was over. She sobbed so hard that Mike was almost shocked.

He crawled up onto the bed next to her and wrapped his arm around her shaking shoulders. “Tina, are you okay?” he asked, gently.

“Please, please make love to me,” she sobbed out, turning herself against him and clinging to his waist, burying her face against his chest. “I need to feel you again Mike, I need it so much that it’s killing me right now.”

The overwrought, over-the-top emotions killed him inside but made him appreciate the love he had for this woman more and more. “You’re sick Tina,” he said quietly. “Let’s wait until you heal and I heal and we’re ready to start our new adventure and all.”

“I’m not hot anymore,” she said, grabbing his good hand and placing it against her forehead. “Feel? I just feel really nauseous but I think it was the boat. I just wanna feel you. We’ll be gentle, nothing like the sex freaks we’ve been, just please.”

Please.

He could never resist Tina. He laid her on her back and leaned down, kissing her lips slowly. She kissed him back, using her grip on his waist to pull herself in towards him. Knowing that she was straining herself too much, Mike turned them on their sides, so that they were facing each other. He lifted her shirt up off of her. She was dirty and grimy from the trip and both of them honestly smelled from the voyage.
“C’mere,” he said, stripping off her clothes and then picking her up in his arms. She gasped a little at the sudden swoop up into the air.

“Let’s clean up first.”

The adjoining bathroom was just as small as their room but had a bathtub, toilet and sink. Mike set a towel down on the countertop next to the sink and then set Tina on top of it. He ran the bath water and once it was warming up, he placed her inside. Tina leaned back against the head of the bathtub, closing her eyes in ecstasy at the touch of the hot water to her aching, dirty body. The flow of the water was brilliant.
“Mrs. Chang needs Mr. Chang’s touch right now,” Tina mumbled, using their married name, giggling as she did so.

Mike stripped off his clothes and carefully joined her in the heated water, sliding up behind her, pulling Tina in between his legs. Tina reached up and stopped the flow of water when the tub filled full enough. She then tilted her head back and captured Mike’s lips once again. “The first time you touched me, in our old life,” Tina mumbled softly, “was in the bathtub at my house. I could not handle the lust that you brought out in me. I was overcome by it.”

Mike laughed and reached down, running his hand over her waist, her chest. She moved herself back so that she was as close to him as he possibly could and his fingers danced delicately close to intimate areas. She shuddered. “Yeah, like that,” she said laughing a little bit. She moved his hand back just a little bit. “It was pretty amazing, even though I was a demanding bitch.”

“I wanted it as bad as you did, if not more,” he said honest.

“As much as I love you touching me here,” she said, laying his right hand on her breast, “here,” she added, slipping his left between her legs, “or anywhere else. I really can’t deal with just touch tonight. I want you inside of me. I want to feel us in the best way we know how okay?”

Mike chuckled and pulled away from her, leaning down and brushing their lips against one another’s. “I think I can deal with that,” he said. “I want to make love to you more than anything in the world, but first I want to make us clean.”

With that, he took care washing Tina, rubbing the soap from the small bottle on the side of the tub all over her body. He sat her up, touching her, feeling with his fingers the body that he knew and adored so well. She positively moaned, more than she would have with a more intimate touching. He finished by washing her hair and then quickly cleaning himself up, making sure he was clean.
“Sex now?”
He practically giggled at her enthusiasm. He reached up and grabbed a towel, wrapping it around her and swooping her up in his arms again. He didn’t mind the fact that he was dripping wet himself, as he carried her back to the bedroom.

He sat Tina and her towel at the end of the bed.

She laid back, spreading herself out, naked underneath him. Her hair hung wet against the bed but neither of them minded the fact that they were getting the floor and the bedspread all wet. Mike straddled her hips, very slowly entering her prone body. He was beyond aroused, his entire being connected with her the minute that their bodies merged into one. He ducked his head down and licked at the spot along her collar bone that always made her shiver.

She definitely shivered, clinging to his body.

They both came quickly, almost at the same time. In their new life, their new world, they were perfectly in tune.