Jared Padalecki peeked out from under his bangs as the popular crowd, led as always by the superhot Jensen Ackles, strode across the quad toward their favored campus lunch spot. All of them looked like they'd stepped out of the latest teen magazine, perfect looks, perfect clothes, perfectly out of Jared's universe. He slouched his 6'2" frame a little more, wishing he would stop growing and not just because his bones ached. At a little over 118 pounds, a stiff wind could have knocked him over, and everything he ate only seemed to go to his bones and push him up, not out, ward. He hadn't gained confidence with his long limbs, constantly knocking into things with his arms and elbows and falling over his own feet.

And now, due to his own lameness and Chad's douchbaggedness, he was supposed to ask Jensen out for Valentine's Day. As if asking out one of the most popular guys in high school wasn't bad enough, he was another boy. But he'd lost the bet, and if he didn't do it, he'd owe Chad more money than he could pay in all the rest of their high school years...

"Dumbass," he muttered at himself.

Jensen laughed at his friend's antics, head tipped back, while they walked across the green lawn of the school. He dropped his book bag near a tall tree and then sat down with it, digging out his lunch and dumping it next to him, while his friends gathered around him. "God, wish this school year was over already."

Jared shivered when Jensen laughed and blew out a long breath. Refusing to look back at Chad, whose eyes he could feel drilling into the back of his head, he strode across the quad toward Jensen, smooth, suave… falling over his own feet and sending himself sprawling right in front of Jensen. His backpack clocked him in the back of the head, so he managed to faceplant not once, but twice.

Jerking his head up in surprise when a pile of limbs and backpack tumbled to the ground, Jensen looked at his friends, shrugged and then tilted his head to look at the kid in front of him. "Hey? You okay?" Jensen asked quietly, shushing one of his friends when he started to snicker.

Jared groaned and lifted his head, blinking dopily at Jensen for a moment. He wiped under his nose and groaned again when he saw the trickle of blood on his hand. "Fuck. Sorry. I- yeah, sorry."

Jensen grabbed one of the napkins from his bag and handed it to Jared. "S'okay," Jensen said, shaking his head with a small smile.

Jared fumbled as he took the napkin from Jensen and held it up to his nose. This was exactly the smooth entrance he wanted to make. Hanging his head to let his bangs cover his shamed face, he tried to lurch to his feet. "Uh, thanks. I'll just, uh, thanks."

Catching the book bag when it swung down off Jared's arm and toward his head, Jensen steadied Jared so he could get back up on his feet. "You sure you're okay?"

Jared blinked and turned bright red when Jensen helped him. "Yeah. I gotta- uh- go. Thanks!" He squeaked on the last word and nearly sprinted across the quad, stumbling over his own feet several times along the way.

Jensen watched the awkward kid make his way across the quad and then was distracted by a joke about his Spanish teacher that had him laughing again. He dug into the sandwich and chips waiting for him.
``````````

With a hangdog expression, Jared watched Jensen exit the school. He waited until Jensen was mostly alone and then scurried across the bike racks, hoping he managed not to fall down again. "Hey," he forced himself to say as he crashed to a halt several feet away.

Jensen looked up, blinking at the kid in front of him again. "Oh hey," he said, shifting his bag from one shoulder to the other. "You sure you're okay from earlier? You fell pretty hard."

"Yeah, uh, thank you for not making fun of me," Jared said, ducking his head again. "I wanted to ask you-" His nerve and voice failed him.

"Hey man, I'd never make fun of you. Falling like that is tough... I'm just glad you didn't get hurt." Jensen smiled and tilted his head at Jared. "What did you want to ask me?"

Jared swallowed hard a few times and finally blurted, "Wouldyougotothespringflingdancewithmepleasedon'thitme!?"

Jensen blinked at Jared before chuckling softly. "Okay, I'm going to answer that in reverse. I won't hit you, so relax." He shook his head slightly in amusement. "I'm already going to the dance with Lydia, but I don't like guys…so I'd have to say no. But, if you're going, we can hang out a bit."

Jared's legs trembled under him a little. Jensen had refused, but he wasn't going to hurt Jared for daring to ask him. In fact, he was being nice. "I- uh- okay. Well, thanks."

"Yeah, sure," Jensen said and then laughed again. "You going to tell me your name?" he asked.

"Jared Padalecki," Jared murmured and offered a tentative smile. "I- well, thanks for not hitting me." He began to edge away from Jensen.

"No problem," Jensen nodded and then switched his bag to the other shoulder, before turning away again and heading toward his car.

Jared watched Jensen walk away, a smile blossoming on his face. So, Jensen wasn't going to the dance with him, but he was a nice guy. And that was more than Jared ever expected.
**********