Karen and Michelle's Sad Story Part 1 Chapter 33 By Redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com
My Blog URL:
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger


Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.


Chapter 33, Laura and Lisa begin their new lives


Doggyslut watched as the change came over her mother and realized that she had finally come to realize what she had done.  She was broken and ready now to be trained to become the trainingbitch that they had planned her to be.  Doggyslut was done and she had just shy of an hour left.  Just enough time to finish the transformation.  She turned and ordered two of the slaves.  Please go and get two doggy conversion kits from the storage area.  

Doggyslut had heard what the reverend told her mother.  Inside she was furious that they had been planning her demise for years.  She was satisfied now that her mother and father had been made to see what they had done.  But what she heard from the reverend made her resolve to escape that much stronger.  She would bide her time and in the meantime she would be the perfect slave for Darrell and the other masters and mistresses.  When the time was right she would make her break.  She didnt know how or when, but she knew she would recognize the opportunity when it presented itself.  

Doggyslut took a deep breath and turned to Darrell and Joe and asked, We are almost ready to finish the final conversion of doggybitch and trainingbitch to their new lives.  I would like Master Joe to participate in doggybitchs conversion to help cement her role and subjugation to Mistress Nika.  Master Darrell, I would be honored to have you participate if it is your desire.  You have given me more than I expected to ever receive from you. For that I will always be grateful.  

Darrell turned and said, Joe, please help your daughter finish your wifes transition.  I think you are going to love your new family pet.  As for helping you doggyslut, I am getting all of the pleasure that I need from watching you put your mother through her paces.  You may continue without my help if you desire.  I know how much it means to you.

Doggyslut bowed her head and said, Thank you master.  Will you be joining us on the trip to Martas then?

Darrell answered, Oh yes, I wouldnt miss that for the world.  I doubt that it will be near as good as the video of your day at Martas but it should be fun to be there in person.  By the way, you will be able to watch everything that has happened here any time you want because everything is on video.

Doggyslut sighed and said, Thank you master.  May I go and finish preparing everything for the final hour?

Darrell told her to go and she and Nika went to get doggybitch.  What they found was Prince curled up in the corner with his head bent down.  But instead of licking his cock as he normally would be doing in that position, he was licking the side of doggybitchs face as she licked his cock just like a dog would to clean it.  It was obvious that it had recently been fucking a cunt because it was streaked with cum.  Both doggyslut and Nika were amazed at the loving way that Lisa was treating the cock.  It looked as if she had fallen in love with the thing.  

Nika was the first to break the silence by saying, Stand doggybitch.  It is time for you to make your final choices for the direction your life is to take.  First I will lay down the rules that I expect you to live by.  You will obey all of these rules without exception.  Any violation will be reason enough to terminate our arrangement.  You will have a ninety day grace period where we will train you.  During that time you will be harshly punished for any violation.  The rules will be:

1. You will live like a dog twenty four hours a day, seven days a week.
2. As a dog you will not wear any clothing from this day forward.  
3. You will relieve yourself outside as dogs do and you will not leave the all fours position to do so.
4. You will clean yourself with your tongue afterwards.  If you are not limber enough to use your tongue directly then you will use your hand and lick it clean.
5. You will eat and drink from dog bowls without using your hands.  
6. When a human comes in the area you will excitedly approach them panting as if you are happy to see them. 
7. You will stick your nose into the crotch of any person in your presence as do most dogs.  If it is a woman, you will stick your head under her dress and press your nose into her cunt.  If she isnt wearing panties you will lick her.
8. If a person starts petting you, you will turn over on your back and expose your belly to them to rub.
9. If a strange dog comes to the yard you will welcome it by going up to it on all fours and sniffing and licking its butt.
10. Any male dog that comes in to the yard you will do everything you can to get it to fuck you.  You are never to deny any dog or human for that matter the privilege of fucking you.
11. You will obey all commands given to you by myself, Jasmin, or dad.
12. You will obey the commands of anyone that we tell you to.
13. You will never be without the collar that will be given to you as we leave.
14. The only other human contact that you will have besides the family will be to be bred.  You will give birth to human babies but they will be adopted out to members of the organization to be raised as a slave or a master.  You will be given puppies to raise as your own in their place.
15. You will relieve your owners and masters, both human and canine of their piss and shit.  This includes your puppies that you will have the responsibility of raising and training to relieve them selves in a slave.

We may add some rules in the future but for now that is what is required of you.  Do you accept these rules to live by?

Doggybitch sat back on her heels with a smile of contentment on her face.  She didnt hesitate and said, Yes mistress.

Nika continued, Very good pet.  I see you are taking to your new role in life well.  Now we come to the final decision you have to make.  As you know a dog can only communicate with a bark, a growl, a howl and a wag of the tail.  When we give you the ability to bark, growl and howl, do you want to retain your ability to speak or do you want to become in every way possible a dog.  Be careful of your answer because it is irrevocable.  The only reason I am giving you this choice is because you have behaved wonderfully today.  I will be content either way but if you want to become a dog in every way then I would recommend no half measures.

Doggybitch didnt even hesitate when she answered, I want to be a doggy in every way.  I cant be a good doggy if I know deep down that I can speak up to beg you for mercy or to let me return to normalcy.  No I want to only be able to communicate like a dog, so take away my ability to speak in any other way permanently.

Nika said one final thing, I will give you this one opportunity to speak before we put the dildo in to start the conversion.  Would you like to say anything?

Doggybitch answered, I am sorry that I treated you and your sister so badly.  You both deserved better.  I will try to make it up to you by showing my love for you as your pet.  Please tell your father that I really do love him.  I ask that he forgive me for how I treated him.  As his pet I am available to him in any way he desires.  I will never refuse him anything ever again.  I hope that if I am to have more babies that at least some of them be ours.  I would love to have a son.  Please tell your mother Karen, that I forgive her and love her.  I understand now how deep her betrayal of you was.  She also betrayed me in a way, though she doesnt realize it, and my life has been a miserable hell because of it.  Please tell her that I am happy now.  She looked back at Nika and said, I am ready.

Nika stepped up and ordered, Open your mouth and swallow as you feel the head touch the back of your throat.  You will feel some pain and discomfort as the device does its work.  You will be able to breathe so dont panic.  You will have to have this on for at least the next three hours.  She turned the controls on to the bark only setting and said, Now lets go out and finish the transformation.

Nika and doggyslut turned to leave the masters quarters.  Doggybitch got down on all fours and crawled out after them.  They went to the open area outside the mirror to the room and there were two tables with an assortment of equipment.  Nika stopped at one cart and doggyslut the other.  The only difference was that Nikas had barber shears on it.  

Nika said to doggybitch, I have decided that I dont want to remove your hair totally.  I will keep it short in all areas but above your ears.  That way you will look as if you have real doggy ears.  She proceeded to cut her mothers hair and leaving it about a half inch long.  She left an oval of hair above each ear and tied it up to simulate dog ears.  

The first thing that Nika picked up was an attachment that covered her face.  It extended her nose out to make it look a little more dog like.  She picked up a piercing gun and used it to pierce each ear a total of four times.  Studs were pushed through the mask at the appropriate places and then through the new piercings to hold the mask on her face permanently.  Doggybitch had tears in her eyes from the pain of the piercings but did nothing to try and resist.  The pain was a necessary part of the transition.

Next Nika picked up two leather gloves that had a paw print base on the outside, a padded interior with a bar across at just the right place to curl the fingers around.  Nika ordered, Reach in the glove and grab the metal bar.  

Doggybitch complied and gripped it tightly.  Nika closed the leather sleeve of the glove and started lacing it up tightly starting at the base and going up to the wrist where the sleeve ended.  The laces were made of a fine leather chord that she tied together at the ends when they were completely laced up.  When the first glove was finished and the second one was laced into place, doggybitch looked at her now gloved hand.  She noticed that she would now leave behind paw prints in the dirt.  She smiled at the appropriateness of how that felt.  

When both hands were done, Nika led doggybitch to a tub of water and placed her leather bound hands into the water to soak.  While the leather gloves were soaking she picked up a brace for the knee.  She lifted doggybitchs right knee and placed it in the brace.  The bottom again was made to look like a large paw print.  The inside of the brace was padded to provide cushioning.  The brace was designed so that the lower leg was lifted up off of the ground.  It could be gradually tightened until the lower leg was doubled up completely and every setting in between.  The current setting was set at the minimum angle to allow her to get use to the feel of it.  It was laced up with steel cable and crimped into place.  Nika then repeated the process with the other knee.

Next came a butt plug with a doggy tail in it.  Nika picked it up and started petting doggybitchs ass.  She quietly said, It is time for your tail now doggybitch.  You have done well so for and I am very proud of you.  Now this is going to be uncomfortable to you so I dont want you to panic.  When you feel it touch your ass hole I want you to push out like you are going to take a shit.  That will ease the passage.  Then just relax and allow it to enter.  If you panic and squeeze your ass it will hurt terribly.  Nika placed the tip of the three inch wide plug at her ass hole and ordered, Now and pushed in as doggybitch tried to take a shit.  The plug slowly entered her ass and after a couple of minutes and groans of pain from doggybitch the plug was seated.  

Nika said, Try wagging your tail now.  Doggybitch wagged her entire ass end to wag her tail and Nika responded, I know it will be hard to keep from moving your entire ass right now but I want you to constantly work to move it with just your ass muscles.  Now if you need to take a shit, you will have to get the attention of one of us.  The same commands I told you that Prince gives to relieve himself will be the way you request us to remove your tail so you can relieve yourself. That will go for fucking as well. Do you remember what those commands are?  Doggybitch shook her head yes.

Finally Nika picked up a one inch wide jeweled collar.  The jewels were of the birth stones of each of the members of the family including hers so there were four of them alternating around the collar.  There were two tags on the collar that read, PETERSON FAMILY DOGGYBITCH and PROPERTY OF NIKA PETERSON.  A leash was attached to the collar and Nika led doggybitch around the dungeon to get used to her new bindings.  Whenever she looked behind her, Nika saw a happy smiling face reflected in doggybitch.  She could tell that her mother was enjoying her new role in life.  Nika asked, Do the fittings hurt?  I can adjust them if they hurt too much.  Doggybitch shook her head no.  Her transformation was almost complete.  She was ready to go and get her new canine husband.

When doggyslut came out of the room with Nika and doggybitch she saw that trainingbitch was standing there being held and supported by two of the slaves.  She immediately ordered, Hold her tight.  This next part is going to hurt like hell.  

Doggyslut picked up the skewers that were like the ones that had been pushed through her tits for the horse ride.  There were four of them on a cart with several other items for converting trainingbitch to a dog.  She picked up one and with one hand grabbed the nipple ring of trainingbitchs left tit and pulled out as far as possible without ripping the ring off.  She took the skewer and pressed the point into the center left side of the base of her tit.  She pushed hard and the tip of the skewer punched through the skin.  She kept pushing until the tip expanded the skin on the opposite side of the tit and finally broke through leaving a drop of blood dripping down the side.  Trainingbitch howled in pain throughout the skewering and tears streamed down her cheeks. Doggyslut put a couple of drops of liquid weld on the screw tip and then screwed on the ring screw so that there was a ring at the base of her tit against her chest on the center left and center right side.  None of the skewer going through the tit except the rings could be seen.  Doggyslut repeated the process going from the center top to the center bottom of the tit so that now there were four rings on the outer base of her tit at the cardinal points top and bottom, left and right.  The howls of pain from her mother got even more severe.  She repeated the process with the right tit and soon both of them sported four sets of rings around them.  Finally doggyslut picked up a tit cage that was designed to go over the tit and leave an inch space between the bars and mesh covering it and the skin.  At the round base were four catches that locked onto the outside of the rings.  They were designed to lock onto the rings in trainingbitchs tits.  

Doggyslut released a catch that allowed the tit cage to be split in two and then attached one half to her left tit.  She grabbed trainingbitchs tit ring and pulled her tit out as far as she could.  She pushed the other half of the cage on and locked it to her tit rings.  She pushed the two halves of the cage closed while continuing to pull on the ring.  The tit cage at the nipple end extended almost two and a half inches from where her nipples were normally.  Once the nipple cages came together and snapped together permanently with liquid weld, the nipple ring kept her tit pulled out taught.  The only way to stimulate her tit now was for her to twist her rings.  The only feeling that it would give was pain.  She repeated attaching a tit cage to her right tit.  She stepped back and admired her work.  

Doggyslut ordered, Release the bitch.  She is no longer to be considered human.  It is not necessary for her to be able to stand any longer.

The slaves released Laura and she fell to the ground.  Her hands immediately came up to grab her tits and try and massage the pain away.  But she couldnt get to the areas that hurt because of the cages.  She didnt dare touch the rings because any movement of them caused her severe pain from the cauterized piercings.  Tears streamed down her cheeks at the modifications being done to her by her daughter.  Oh how she regretted what she had said and done to Karen.  She couldnt blame her for what she was doing.  She was the one that turned her daughter into this monster.  It was her fault and she deserved to be punished for it.  Why oh why had she listened to the reverend.  She should have known better.

Doggyslut didnt hesitate and began piercing her mothers ears for the canine mask.  Trainingbitch was in too much pain already for it to feel like anything other than a series of pinches.  When the mask was on she took each hand and forced it in and made her mother grip the rod inside.  She laced them up as tight as possible making it just a bit painful for her.  This didnt bother doggyslut in the least bit.  She would adjust in time and if not, so be it.  She led her to the same tub of water that doggybitch was soaking her hands in. 

Doggyslut then put the knee braces on but instead of starting at the lowest settin, she forced her mothers lower legs up as far as they would go and locked the braces into place.  She knew that trainingbitch would be in pain for a while until her tendons stretched and got use to the position but that was alright by her.  

Finally she took the three inch dildo tail and without warning or preparation pushed it into her ass hole.  Trainingbitch howled in pain from the force of the entry.  Tears were streaming from her eyes as she wished she could apologize to her daughter.  But it was too late.  She was given chance after chance and she refused to believe her own flesh and blood.  Now all she could do was take what her daughter rightfully dished out to her.  She deserved it for not only destroying her life but all of the lives that that decision has destroyed.  Her decisions had consequences far beyond any she had thought possible and she knew there was no way she could set things right again.  Doggyslut finally attached a heavy two inch leather collar with heavy metal studs in it.  The tags hanging from the collar said, MARTAS DOGGY TRAININGBITCH and PROPERTY OF MARTAS KENNELS.  

Doggyslut attached the leash and led her mother to the double doors leading to the exit tunnel.  She didnt care if the bindings were painful.  Trainingbitch would adjust to the bindings in time.  The wet leather bindings on her hands would shrink and form to her closed fists like a second skin.  They would be a permanent part of her now.  She led trainingbitch down the almost mile distance to the barn in the woods.  A van was waiting there to take them to Martas Kennels.  They were the first there and they waited for Nika and the masters.  She was satisfied now.  She had gotten her parents to finally realize how much they had betrayed her and they would pay the rest of their lives for that betrayal.  For now she was satisfied with life but she knew that one day she would be free of all of this.  She would escape this life that she had just forced upon her parents as they had forced it upon her.

About twenty minutes later Nika and the masters came out with a happy looking doggybitch following at Nikas side like a good dog.  It was the difference between night and day between the two sisters.  Her mother was miserable in her existence with no opportunity to ever beg for forgiveness, knowing that she had done irreparable harm to many souls including that of her own daughter.  While her aunt had realized what she had done to her family and asked forgiveness and turned her back on her former life and embraced her future life as a pet to them.  She couldnt live with what she had done before and decided to end one life and begin the next with a passion completely opposite that of her previous one.  She was truly happy for the first time.

They loaded up on the van and headed to Martas Kennels.  When they arrived Marta was waiting for them.  They all disembarked and Marta noted the two new slaves.  She could tell right away the difference between them.  She went up to Darrell and gave him a welcoming kiss and repeated the welcome with both Joe and Nika.  She led them to the kennels.  

Doggyslut was in the lead and they stopped at a kennel with two young Saint Bernard dogs.  They were the ones that doggyslut had been nursing since the birth of Michelle.  It was time for them to move on to their next stage of training.  Eenie and Meenie were now going to be sharing the responsibilities of training with trainingbitch.  The majority of the training would be done now by trainingbitch and they would do the fine tuning and special training requests.  

Doggyslut opened the gate to the kennel and led training bitch in.  The two young dogs came running up to her and jumping up on her.  Doggyslut knelt down and hugged the two dogs and then turned to her mother.  She stroked her mother like a dog and said, These two dogs have been in my care since they were little puppies.  I have suckled them to my breasts and raised them with love as I have my own child.  Please teach them well and love them as you never loved me.  You will have many more young puppies come through to train.  I promise that you will be informed of which are mine so that you can be a grandma to them since you denied yourself the right to be a grandma to your own granddaughter.

Trainingbitch looked doggyslut in the eyes with a sadness that couldnt be surpassed.  Tears were streaming down her cheeks as she nodded her head yes.  Doggyslut turned away with tears in her eyes and followed the rest of the group to the waiting kennel, closing the gate behind her. 

There were ten fully trained dogs in the next kennel.  Doggyslut noted that two were Saint Bernard dogs and looked like the spitting image of Prince.  She hoped that one of them would select doggybitch.

When they stopped at the entrance, Nika stopped about ten feet in front of the kennel gate and removed the leash from the collar.  She knelt down and whispered in her mothers ear, In front of you are ten suitors.  They all want a taste of you and to decide if you are the bitch of their dreams.  If this is the life you want to lead then go to the gate and Mistress Marta will let you in.  It will be intense and you may receive some minor injuries but in the end you will be selected by one of them to be their bitch.  The choice is yours.

Doggybitch had already prepared herself mentally for this event when she made the decision to become a dog.  She immediately crawled to the gate and waited for it to open.  Everyone looking at her backside could see the cunt juice streaming down her thighs from the excitement of what she was about to do.   She was truly in her element.  Marta opened the gate and she crawled in and went up to the closest Saint Bernard and started sniffing at the dogs ass.  He returned the favor and they circled each other for a minute.  The dogs cock began to extend and just as he was ready to mount, one of the other dogs jumped at him.  A general melee erupted for the next ten minutes.  Doggybitch backed against the fence with a bit of fear in her eyes, but a fear mixed with an acceptance that this is the life of a dog.

Every once in a while a dog would separate from the group and head towards doggybitch.  The original Saint Bernard would attack him before he could get very far.  None of the dogs was able to gain an advantage on the big Saint Bernard.  He wasnt about to let any of the other dogs near his bitch.  She had come to him first and so he wasnt going to let any of them get to her.  After about fifteen minutes of the dogs fighting each other for dominance the same Saint Bernard emerged victorious and forced the others to the opposite end of the kennel.  He backed away from them and up to doggybitch.  

The Saint Bernard began licking her face and she nuzzled against him to show him that she submitted to him.  She moved away from the fence so that she faced the group of dogs.  She wished that she didnt have the dildo in her throat so she could really show him how she loved him.    She assumed the correct position and the dog immediately mounted her.  She moved her ass to help him to get his cock in to the right target. When she felt him enter her she started to fuck back in earnest.  She was a full participant in the fucking from the start.  It was obvious to the observers that this was her choice and she wanted this.  She had a smile on her face like Nika had never seen before.  She was more proud of her mother at that moment than she had ever been.

Marta turned to the observers and said, This usually takes several hours for the process to finish.  Now that they have established an order, each dog will get a chance to fuck her.  Just because he was first doesnt mean that he will chose her.  Why dont you all come up to the house.  I have a nice meal prepared.  You can watch the two on the monitors while you eat.  You are invited to spend the night and rest while your new pet earns her master.  I will have a video of it sent to you in a couple of weeks.

They all turned and left for the house.  Doggyslut remembered back to her unwilling participation in the selection of a canine master.  How she wished she could have been a happy willing participant like doggybitch.  That would have made a big difference in how it progressed.  She stopped for a minute at the kennel with her mother and her two puppies.  She lay down curled up in a fetal position in pain and exhaustion.  The two young dogs were sniffing her and acted as if they recognized the scent and were whining and nuzzling her to try and get her to get up.  It looked as if they were concerned for her.  They finally lied down on either side of her and began gently licking her, letting her know they were there for her in the way only dogs do.  

Doggyslut watched as her mom lifted an arm and hugged the dog in front of her and put her face in its hair and began sobbing out her misery.  It seemed the dogs sensed that trainingbitch needed them and they lay there providing what comfort they could.  Doggyslut thought that just maybe she will treat her puppies better to make up for the way she treated her.  She could only hope.  She left hoping she could be with Prince for the night.  She returned to the van and opened it.  She got the leash out of the storage compartment and connected it to her collar and got down on all fours.  She barked once to alert Prince and he came bounding out of the van.  He took one look and picked up the end of the leash as doggyslut shut the van door.  He followed the masters to the house leading doggyslut who was crawling on all fours as fast as she could to keep up with him.

Marta led them into the house and to a dining room where there was a pile of barbecue ribs, potato salad and corn on the cob.  They all took up their places at the table.  Prince and doggyslut were positioned behind Darrell on the left and right.  They waited patiently for whatever scraps that master gave them.

On the wall of the dining room, opposite the windows, were two large screen televisions mounted.  One showed trainingbitch curled up in a fetal position and surrounded by the two dogs which lay on either side of her.  It looked like she had fallen asleep and the other two dogs were there to comfort her and protect her.

The second screen was tuned in to the kennel with doggybitch.  Enough time had passed that the Saint Bernard had turned ass end to ass end to wait for his knot to recede.  The other dogs were creeping in expecting to get a chance at the new bitch soon.  About five minutes after they started eating, the big dog pulled out of doggybitch.  But instead of moving off and cleaning himself afterward as most of the dogs do he stayed just behind doggybitch.  Every time one of the other dogs started to creep closer to them he would growl, expose his sharp teeth and if the other dog didnt back off he would attack it briefly and then return to his protective position over doggybitch.

The group was watching in amazement as dog after dog came up to try and assert himself over the big Saint Bernard.  Each time he repulsed any attempt to get to her.  After about thirty minutes of watching this go on Marta exclaimed, Well Ill be.  This is a first for as long as I can remember.  Ive never seen a bitch get claimed on the very first fuck.

As she was saying that, the Saint Bernard moved around into position and mounted doggybitch again.  He fucked her over and over for the next thirty minutes.  It was obvious to anyone watching that doggybitch was cumming and cumming shortly after he started fucking her.  Finally as he came in her ass she stiffened up and fell to the ground.  The dog turned ass end to ass end again and waited for his knot to go down.  It wasnt long before the other dogs were again trying to move in on him.  When his knot went down it was a repeat of the first time.  He never allowed another dog to get close to doggybitch.  He kept a wary eye on the other dogs and moved to a position where he could lie down beside doggybitch as she slept.  It seemed as if that was to be all of the action for the evening.  As much as the other dogs wanted to fuck the new bitch, she had already been claimed and the Saint Bernard wasnt going to let another dog near her.

Marta turned to Joe and Nika and said, It seems as if doggybitch has found her king.  This is the first time the very first dog has chosen the bitch and kept the others from having a go.  They must have formed a special bond for that to happen.  I dont see any need to keep them there if she has already been chosen.  You are welcome to bring King and his bitch into your room for the night if you want.

Joe turned to Nika and said, She is your pet so I leave the decision to you.

Nika looked at Marta and said, I think that instead we should remove the other dogs and let them bond together in peace.  That way she can more fully realize her dream and what her life is to be like for now on.  I want her to get use to being in a kennel with her king.

Marta called, Slaves.  Two big burly black slaves came out.  Nika immediately recognized them as two of the slaves that helped out today at the dungeon.  She looked at them and ordered, I want you to go down to the kennel with doggybitch and remove all of the dogs except the big Saint Bernard that is lying next to her.  Take the dildo out of her throat and bring it back here.  Its been in over three hours now and everything should be fixed permanently so she cant make any sounds but barking and howling.  Also leave them some food and water for the night.

The slaves took off and Marta turned to the group and said, Lets watch and see what happens.

A few minutes later they could see the slaves enter the kennel.  As soon as they opened the gate and entered, doggybitch crawled over to them, stuck her nose in one of the slaves crotch and then the other. Then she started rubbing herself against them.  

One of the slaves started petting her like a dog and she fell to the ground and rolled over on her back.  She held her arms in a begging position under her chin.  Her legs were held up at a 45 degree angle exposing her cunt.  She had an expectant look in her eyes as if she were wanting them to continue petting her which is exactly what she wanted.  

She had mentally made the transition from human to dog.  She just wished that the dildo was gone so she could bark and lick them and her dog like a dog would.

The slave that had been petting her leaned down and grabbed the end of the dildo.  He pulled on it and it slowly came out.  Once it was out he put it in his pocked and then started petting her stomach, tits and cunt.  Doggybitch lay like that with her tongue out panting just like you would expect from a dog.  
When the slave stopped petting her she quickly got back on all fours and stuck her nose in the other slaves crotch.  This time she moved over to his hand and started licking it for a minute or two.  Finally she backed away and let the slaves do what they had been sent to do.  

Doggybitch crawled over to King and began to nuzzle and lick his cock clean of their drying combined cum.  Soon his cock started responding to this new stimulation.  As it crew she began to suck on it and lick it all over.  When it got big and hard enough she turned around and barked.  King took his cue and launched up onto her back.  He quickly planted his cock into her cunt and began fucking her for all she was worth.  She started howling in pleasure from the fucking.

While doggybitch and king were going at it, the slaves started leading the other dogs out of the kennel and back to their own kennels.  When they took the last dogs to their Kennels the phone was ringing in the building.  The nearest slave picked it up.  On the other end was Marta.  She ordered, I want both of you to strip and go back into the kennel with doggybitch.  We want to see what she does.

They immediately followed orders and were soon naked.  They returned to the kennel with doggybitch and King and entered.  When the stopped just inside the entrance they saw that doggybitch was tied with King.  One of the slaves went up to her and stood just in front of her face.  She leaned forward just a bit and started nuzzling and licking the slaves cock.  His cock started to lengthen and stiffen and as it did she took it into her mouth and started sucking on it.  She made joyful moaning noises as she sucked his cock letting him know that she was happy.  The only thought going through her head was how she loved being a dog.  She wanted to be the best dog she could.  

The other slave came up and stood next to the one she was sucking.  When she noticed the other slave she quit sucking the cock she had and began to lick and suck on the other slaves cock.  

She began to alternate between the two slaves cocks.  Kings knot finally went down and he pulled out and went to the corner of the kennel.  The first slave pulled his cock out of her mouth and walked around behind her.  He stuck his cock in her dripping cunt and stroked in and out a couple of times.  He pulled out and aligned his cock with her anal rose bud.  He began pushing and slowly sank his cock in.  The head pushed in and he began to saw in and out of her ass slowly.  He leaned down and reached under doggybitch and began squeezing her tits.  When he did she started making a purring sound deep in her throat like a cat.

Doggybitch had her eyes closed and started moving back and forth between the two slaves.  They just stood there and left the work to doggybitch.  As she got more and more excited, she would drive herself back harder and faster on the cock in her ass and then push forward driving the cock in her mouth down her throat.  She fucked the two men with her ass and mouth with abandon.  It was clear to the observers at Martas house that she was enjoying everything.  
Finally the slave in doggybitchs ass came and he pulled out and changed places with the one fucking her mouth.  Doggybitch didnt even hesitate to take the shit covered cock into her mouth and start sucking it clean.  Finally the slave pulled his deflated cock out of her mouth and left to return to his mistress at the house.  As he was leaving, doggybitch barked a few times as if to say thank you.  The other slave pulled out of her ass and moved to her face and started fucking her mouth again.

Doggybitch wrapped her lips around the cock and sucked and swirled her tongue on the underside of his cock.  Soon the slave was pounding his cock down her throat with abandonment, ending with a scream of pleasure as he came down her throat.  As he pulled out, doggybitch sucked harder as if she didnt want the cock to leave.  It finally came out with a loud pop.  She looked up at the slave and moved her ass back and forth to make her doggy tail wag like a dog.  She had a big grin on her face and had her tongue was out panting as well.  She started bouncing on her hands and barking at the slave.  He finally reached down and started petting her and she pushed her head against his hand.  After a couple of minutes he gave her a couple of final pats and turned to return to his mistress.

Doggybitch turned around and crawled over to King and lay down beside him with her face at his crotch and her pussy up in reach of his tongue.  She began nuzzling and licking his cock as if her life depended on it.  King began to lick around her belly button at first.  He gradually stretched out, licking his way down through her pubic area and ending at her cunt and clit.  Doggybitch tilted her pelvis in toward him to give him easier access.  They lay like that for the better part of an hour.  King was pretty much fucked out and didnt cum.  Doggybitch was a different story.  She came over and over repeatedly.  It became hard to tell when one began and the other ended.  Finally she pulled away from King and turned around.  She lay along his back and draped her arm over him in a hugging embrace.  She breathed a sigh of contentment and fell asleep in exhaustion.

Back at the house the group watched the proceedings.  They were all amazed at the transformation in doggybitch.  It looked to them as if she had completely made the transition to being a dog.  Marta looked at the clock and saw that it was only ten pm.  She spoke up to the group I apologize for the shortness of the entertainment tonight.  Usually when we have a slave find her master it lasts most of the night.  Joe, I think that you, Nika and Jasmin are going to thoroughly enjoy your new pets.  All of you are welcome to enjoy any of my facilities for the night if you like.  I also make my slaves available to you as well.

Darrell turned to Joe and Nika and said, I dont know about you two but I would love to get eenie and meenie up here and have ourselves a little orgy.  What do you say?  Both Joe and Nika agreed. 

Marta turned to the last remaining slave and ordered, Go down and bring the two bitches up to us.  Make sure they take a good bath first so they dont smell too much like dog.  When youre done, join me in my bed room.

Darrell turned to doggyslut and asked, Doggyslut, you have had a remarkable day.  I know that you are tired.  Do you want to come with us or spend the night with Prince?

Doggyslut smiled and answered, I would love to spend the night with Prince Master.  I am very tired and would like to spend the time with him to make up for neglecting him the last few days.

Darrell looked at the others and said, Well its set then.  Doggyslut will stay here with Prince and well have ourselves a little fun.  Im going to go wash up myself.  See you all in the play room in fifteen minutes.

They all got up from the table.  Darrell put a pile of ribs and potato salad on his plate and set it down between Prince and doggyslut.  When he stepped back he watched as Prince started chewing and knawing on the meat and bones.  He ate about three fourths of the food and then turned to go to a corner to clean him self.  Doggyslut crawled up to the food and ate what she could.  When she was done she crawled over to Prince and let him lick her face clean.  

When Prince was done cleaning her face, doggyslut turned and offered her ass to him.  He started licking her from cunt to asshole.  Doggyslut moaned in excitement as she started to get wet from the stimulation.  She started wiggling her ass at Prince and he got the message.  He jumped up and soon had his cock sunk deep into her cunt all of the way to the hilt.  After about ten minutes of fucking his knot swelled up and pushed against her G spot.  She screamed in pleasure from the orgasm.  He was soon howling as well as he filled her womb with doggy cum.  When he was done he turned around ass end to ass end until the knot went down.  When he finally pulled out, doggyslut turned around and began licking the cum from his cock.  She had never done this for him before.  This was something she learned from finding doggybitch licking his cock clean when they had entered the masters suite to get her.  She let out a giggle as she thought, Doggybitch has only been a dog for a day and shes already teaching me new tricks.  Go figure.

This is end of Chapter 33.
   
Please e-mail comments to 
redlegtiger@hotmail.com 

or visit my blog at My Blog URL:  
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story.  I am always looking for ideas and invite suggestions.  If you are reading this on Storiesonline or BDSM and like the story please vote and comment.  



Redlegtiger

