Karen and Michelle's Sad Story Part 1 Chapter 25
By Redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com
My Blog URL:
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger


Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.


Chapter 25, Krystal Acquires New Toys

The four hour drive back home went quickly.  Darrell and doggyslut were dropped off at home at about five thirty pm.  When they entered the house, doggyslut noticed that it was set up for a small party with snack trays strategically placed around the large living area.  The bar had been freshly stocked with a wide assortment of liquor.  There was also a huge projection screen that almost completely covered one wall with a ceiling mounted projector.  When Darrell saw her looking at it he said, That is a new high definition projector.  It was a nice little wedding present from the council for bringing in so many new young slaves to the group.  I hope that after tonight we will be able to bring them many more.  Are you confident that Krystal will come through with her promise?

Doggyslut said, Oh yes master.  Krystal has always been able to do anything she sets her mind to.  I think she is one of the smartest people I know.  You wait and see.  She will exceed all of your hopes.  May I go and clean up before your guests arrive master?  I smell like Ive been living in a sewer and it might offend your guests.

Darrell laughed and said, That you do slut.  I think Ill join you.

Darrell led them to the master bathroom.  It had both a large Jacuzzi and a large shower with multiple shower heads.  It also had built in massage jets at strategic points in the wall.  The Shower was big enough to hold several people without getting crowded and when the water massage feature was turned on, there was no place in the shower that would be free from the massage spray.  Darrell said, Well take a shower this time.  It will be faster that way.

Darrell adjusted the shower settings so that the water would be very hot and relaxing.  He grabbed doggysluts hand and pulled her into the shower with him.  As the water started soaking them both he bent down, lifting doggysluts chin up and kissed her passionately.  His cock quickly started getting hard and he ordered quietly and breathlessly, Put your hands on the wall and bend over so that I can fuck your ass.  I am so hot from what you did today that I just have to have a piece of your ass before the party tonight.

Doggyslut bent forward and braced herself against the wall and Darrell came up behind her and with a bar of soap, soaped up her ass until it was well covered with soapy foam.  He then rammed his long cock in to her asshole until his pubic hairs were mashed against her butt cheeks.  He started fucking her asshole hard while he reached around with one hand and started pulling and twisting her nipple rings and her clit ring with the other.  He did it gently, almost reverently, as a reward for doggysluts good behavior.  He soon had her close to orgasm.  

Doggyslut asked, Permission to cum master?

Darrell answered, No my slut.  I want you to cum for me when I cum and not before.

Doggyslut began to try and think of everything she could to keep from cumming.  She wanted to reach down and start inflicting pain on herself to take the edge off.  But the orgasm kept building and building. She begged again, Master, please let me cum.  I cant last much longer.  I need to cum. PLEASE.

Darrell answered as he kept up the assault on her ass, Just a few seconds longer bitch.  Now shut up and fuck me and cum when I tell you.

In less than a minute he was ready to cum.  When he finally came to the point of no return, he ordered, Cum with me bitch.  He twisted her left nipple ring hard with his right hand and her clit ring with his left.  The extra pain and the feeling of him cumming deep in her bowels caused her to explode into a massive orgasm.  It seemed like it would go on forever.  She finally passed out in exhaustion from the combined exertions of the day.  Darrell held her when she collapsed and kept holding her until she recovered.  He let the soothing hot water soak into her and relax her more.  She started to recover and was finally able to support herself.

Darrell let her go and gave her a pat on the ass as he left the shower.  He said, Take a few more minutes to relax.  I want you down stairs in twenty minutes waiting for our guests.  There is no need to get dressed for the party.  Just come down once youve dried your hair.  I think you are the best slave ever bitch.  I want you to continue to think of good and unique ways to show me how much you love being my slave.  Now enjoy the rest of your shower, Ill see you in twenty minutes.

Darrell finally left and doggyslut just stood in the center where all of the jets focused their spray.  She relaxed and enjoyed the new sensation.  It was like being caught in the center of a sideways water fall.  The massaging sensation almost lulled her to sleep.  She barely remembered in time to get out and dry her hair.  

After drying off and making up her hair and face, she went down to join her master.  He was sitting watching a movie of dipshits torture.  He appeared to really be getting off on the pain she had to endure.  Doggyslut went and knelt in front of Darrell a bit to the side facing him.  She assumed the slaves position and waited for her master to recognize her.  He finally asked, What is it slut?

Doggyslut answered, Forgive this worthless slut for bothering you.  But it has been three days since Master Prince has had the privilege of using his bitch.  Would it be alright to bring him into the house and let him have his way with me?  She said this with a look of joyous anticipation as if she were waiting for a long lost lover.

Darrell responded, Not right now slut.  We wouldnt want to wear him out before the party would we?

Doggysluts disappointment showed on her face but she said, Yes master.  She turned around and watched the video of dipshits punishment while they waited.  She asked, Permission to masturbate while we watch Master?

Darrell chuckled and said, No doggyslut.  I want you horny for the party.  I want you to make sure you show everyone how much you love your master and how nasty and sluttish you can be.  Ill leave it up to your imagination to decide how you want to do it.  But I want everyone to be impressed as to just how low you will go to please and entertain us.  I also want you to guide the party with Krystal and her friends.  So sit back and enjoy a bit of relaxation before the guests start arriving.

Doggyslut just said, Yes Master and knelt and watched the show.  She thought about what she could do for the party both personally and with the girls and other guests.  She knew that Prince would play a major role. But until she knew who else was coming she wouldnt be able to come up with a final plan.

About thirty minutes later there was a soft knock at the door.  Doggyslut went to the door and there was Krystal, Tanya, Kim and Pam with two other girls with them.  Doggyslut noticed that they were identical twins and that they each had a spiked leather collar on their neck that had a chain that connected from the collar on each girl to a single leash that was held by Krystal.  The twins were about five feet three inches tall and had shoulder length red hair, green eyes and pouttie little lips.  There tits were just starting to show any sign of growing.  They were very skinny and couldnt have weighed more than 90 to 100 pounds.  It was obvious that the girls had been crying as their eyes were blood shot and they were continually sniffling.  They were dressed in identical outfits of a sheer white blouse that made it obvious that they werent wearing a bra.  Their tits were a very bright pink, indicating that they had been whipped and punished a bit.  They also wore a short, plaid mini skirt that looked like a private school skirt that had been shortened.  They had on white bobby socks and black shoes to round out the outfit.  They were every mans wet dream.

Krystal came in first pulling the twins, followed by the other girls.  Doggyslut closed the door and grabbed Krystals free hand and pulled her to Darrell.  She introduced, Master, this is Mistress Krystal and her friends Mistresses Tanya, Kim and Pam.  Mistress Krystal, could you introduce your guests to Master Darrell please.

Krystal responded by jerking the leash which induced an immediate response from the twins.  They began crying, but immediately began stripping off their blouse and skirts.  They left their shoes and socks on and knelt down in front of Darrell in the familiar slaves position that he had taught doggyslut.  Once in position, the one on the left said, Im Eenie, the other said, Im Meenie, and then they continued together, We are the MinieMo sisters and are here to present you and Master Prince our cherries.  Please choose which of us will please you tonight and which will service Master Prince.

The girls were openly sobbing at this point but they showed no effort to try to get away.  Darrell thought that Krystal and her girls must have really damaging evidence on them for them to be this much under their control.  He admired the audacity that Krystal must have to pull something like this off in just a few days.  He had only hoped for someone that was half as decent as Brittany ended up being, but it looked like this girl might end up being even better.  He also figured that they hadnt given them their real names.  He would have to find out later, but right now he was trying to decide which one.  They were completely identical to him.  It really didnt matter which one he chose.  He figured they would be the same anyway.  He said, Eenie, you can service me tonight and Meenie, you belong to Master Prince tonight.  I expect you to service him as doggyslut would.  Doggyslut will teach you his commands for you.  He will not accept any command from you.  He is trained to ignore slaves.  Now you go to doggyslut so she can teach you before the guests arrive.  

Darrell turned his attention to Krystal and said, Krystal, you have impressed me and that is hard to do.  I expected you to bring a single reluctant girl with you that you would have to force to do this.  But you bring me not one, but two who willingly offered themselves to me and Prince.  I think this is the beginning of a beautiful and rewarding experience for both of us.  Get yourself something to drink and come have a seat.  The other guests will be arriving in a few minutes.

Krystal disconnected the leash from the chains to the twins collars and she and her friends went to the bar and made themselves each a drink.  When she had her drink she sat next to Darrell and said, I know you have figured out that they didnt give you their real names.  They are really Tina and Mina Youngston. They ran away from home Wednesday and asked me to take them in.  I think the full story would be a wonderful story for when all of the guests arrive so I will wait until then to tell you why they are so compliant.  Rest assured that they will not be missed and they will do anything you tell them to without hesitation.

While Krystal was talking with Darrell, Doggyslut took Meenie to a corner and knelt and began explaining what Master Princes commands for her were and what they meant.  She also went and got his leash and attached it to the chain on her collar and explained how it was used by Master Prince.  Meenie was openly sobbing as she was listening to doggyslut.  She had never imagined that she would have to give up her virginity to a dog.  She always dreamed of a handsome prince coming and rescuing her and her sister from her cruel mother.  She never imagined that her prince would be in the form of a dog however. Now they found themselves in a situation that was even worse than being at home and there was nothing they could do to get themselves out of it.

Just as doggyslut was finishing up with her explanations to Meenie, the doorbell rang.  Doggyslut said, Stay here until you are told differently.  She then got up and went to answer the door.  When she opened the door she immediately recognized Marta.  She greeted, Welcome Mistress Marta.  Come in and I will get you something to drink.  Marta came in pulling the leash to a young 19 or 20 year old young man.  He was well built and from the bulge in his pants, it was obvious he had a huge cock.  Marta went up to Darrell and said, "I brought a little treat for our new doms once they have popped their cherries.  I thought they would like a go at a male in the dungeon since they have already had the pleasure of abusing doggyslut.  Dont worry.  He is not here for the girls to have sex with.  I brought him as a toy for the party.  If you will show me to the dungeon, Ill put him on the cross and he will wait there patiently for the girls to come and play with him.  I assure you he is quite looking forward to it.

Krystal got up and said, Ill show her.  I know where it is.  She led Marta down to the dungeon with an excited look on her face that said she was going to thoroughly enjoy this.

The doorbell rang again and doggyslut went to answer it.  When she opened it, she saw that it was Master Matt and his son Sonny. She greeted, Welcome to the party masters.  Would you please come in?  Could I get you something to drink?

Matt and Sonny looked at her young naked body and lusted after her.  She quickly introduced them to Darrell and went and made their drinks.  She had just finished handing their drinks to them when the doorbell rang again.  She gave them their drinks and went to answer the door and saw that it was Master Rob, the County Sheriff.  She greeted, Welcome Master Rob.  Come in and join the party.  Ill go make you your drink.  You do still prefer a scotch and soda dont you?

Rob said he did and doggyslut went to make it for him.   

Krystal and Marta came up from the dungeon as doggyslut was mixing the drink and when she had given it to him he looked her over and said, Its finally good to see you in all your glory again.  I havent had the pleasure since that night at the bar.  You put on quite the show and I hear youre even better now.  He reached up and started twisting her left nipple ring while he took a drink with his other hand.  Doggyslut just stood there and cooed in pleasure.

Master Darrell coughed a couple of times to get their attention and then said, There will be enough time for that later.  I think it is time for the party to get started now that we have everyone here.  Doggyslut, why dont you introduce everyone and then let Mistress Krystal have the floor for a while.  I think she would like to share a little story with us before the evenings festivities.  

Doggyslut went to each person in turn and introduced them giving them their name and what they did for a living or what grade in school they were in.  When she introduced Eenie and Meenie, she noticed a look of fear in their faces.  They also started crying again.  She looked back to see the lusty looks in the Sheriffs and Master Matts eyes.  She definitely wanted to hear the story.  When everyone was introduced she said, Mistress Krystal, Master Darrell has indicated that you have a story to share with the masters and Mistress Marta tonight.  Would you please make the assignments of who gets paired up with each other?  Also, do you want slave Meenie to go get Master Prince now or after the story?

Krystal got up and stood in the center of the room and turned to face the other masters and said, Before I start with my little tale, Tanya will give her cherry to Sonny.  She looked at Tanya and said, Youve been telling me for months how hot you thought he was and that you would like to see what he had in his pants, so heres your chance.  Tanya turned beet red when Krystal said this in front of Sonny, but she got up, stripped and went and sat on Sonnys lap and gave him a deep, passionate kiss. She had an orgasm just from the kiss; she was so excited at being paired up with her dream man.

Krystal kept going after everyone quit clapping at the little show that Tanya had just put on.  She had turned an even deeper shade of red than she had previously but gave a big shit eating grin as if to say, Beat that shitheads.  

Krystal cleared her throat to get everyones attention and then said, Pam, you have always said how much you loved a guy in uniform so I think the logical choice for you is the Sheriff.  Pam clapped her hands saying goodie, goodie and ran to the Sheriff and jumped up into his arms and planted a kiss on him.  When she came up for air she said, Oops, I forgot something.  She let go of him and he lowered herself to the floor.  She immediately stripped out of her clothes and then jumped back into his arms and started kissing him again.  Everyone cracked up laughing at her antics and she let go of the kiss and looked around, still with her arms and legs wrapped around the Sheriff and asked What? with a confused look that said, Whats so funny? without ever saying a word.  This just made everyone laugh that much harder.  She shrugged her shoulders and turned her head back around and gave the Sheriff another kiss.  Finally Sheriff Rob broke the kiss and said, Lets sit down and relax a little while we listen to the story.  

Krystal then said, That leaves Kim to give up her cherry to Matt.  Kim just casually stripped out of her clothes and went over to Matt and gave him a passionate kiss and sat in his lap.  She actually looked a little disappointed at who she was paired with but wasnt going to make a scene about it.  

Krystal went on and said, I think that leaves doggyslut for you Marta.  Doggyslut did a quick glance to Master Darrell and he gave a quick nod to the affirmative and she ran to Mistress Marta and planted a deep passionate kiss on her and then she whispered in Mistress Martas ear and dropped to her knees and planted her face in Martas cunt.  She quickly sucked her clit into her mouth and gently chewed it and tongued it until Marta had an orgasm.  Marta pressed doggysluts face into her cunt hard until the orgasm quit and then she pissed in doggysluts mouth.  When she was done, doggyslut walked over to Eenie, who was on Darrells lap, and planted a kiss on her mouth.  When Eenie opened her mouth to accept the kiss, doggyslut opened her mouth and let half of the piss she was holding in her mouth flow into Eenies mouth.  Doggyslut had a tight hold on her head because she knew that Eenie would try to pull away as soon as she got a taste of the piss.  She held her there until she was sure that Eenie had swallowed the piss.  

When doggyslut pulled away, Eenie had a very paled look on her face as if she were going to throw up.  Doggyslut looked her in the eye and shook her head no and then turned and went to Meenie, who was still kneeling in the corner, and gave her a similar kiss.  She transferred the remaining piss in her mouth to Meenie who had the same reaction but swallowed the piss quicker to get rid of the nasty taste.  When doggyslut broke the kiss she whispered in her ear, That was to get you ready for Prince.  You did well for the first time.  Remember that you will have to drink all of Princes piss.  She pulled away and went back to Marta and knelt in front of her waiting for Krystal to continue.

Krystal said, Thank you doggyslut for that little display and for showing my slaves what is expected of them.  Now before I start the story I want Meenie to come here and kneel in front of me.

Meenie got up and knelt in front of Krystal, looking up into her eyes as if to say what disgusting thing are you going to make me do next.  Krystal widened her stance and stepped over her face and ordered, You are to lick me while I tell the story.  You are to pleasure me without giving me an orgasm while I tell them your story.  If I feel the urge and start pissing, I expect you to drink it all without hesitation.  If you make me loose my place in the story, or bring me to orgasm before I finish, you will be punished severely.  Kiss my clit if you understand.  Meenie immediately gave her clit a butterfly kiss and placed her mouth back over Krystals cunt.

Krystal sighed in pleasure and said, Now that everyone has their pleasure buddy, its time to start the story.  

I assume you all know what happened with us up through Tuesday at the store so I will just start with the activities of the next day. When I got up Wednesday morning, I called Tina and told her that I wanted to collect on her offer.  She had been bugging me for months to let her do something for me as pay back for helping her out with some of her school work earlier in the school year.  She agreed to come over at one in the afternoon.  She didnt think she could get free until then.  I just kind of hung out at home until one in the afternoon.  When I answered the doorbell, I was floored when I opened the door to Tina and Mina standing there.  I was instantly confused and invited them in.  When they sat down together on my couch, I sat across from them in my dads easy chair and asked Whats up?  

Krystal continued, You see, as far as I or anyone else knew, there was only Tina.  No one knew that Tina had a twin so I asked them to explain.  To make a very long story short, it seems that their mother was raped at a very young age.  She was thirteen or fourteen I think, and got pregnant from it.  

Krystal gave a quick look at Karen as she continued, She was thrown out by her parents and so she went on welfare.  She had the twins at home and never registered them because she was so ashamed.  She made ends meet for the first four or five years by prostituting herself, but she never took care of her self and spent most of her money on drugs and booze.  She just sat around in a chair and ate, drank and watched TV.  She made her young daughters wait on her hand and foot when they turned about six.  She would do nothing for herself.  She seemed to go out of her way to make their lives miserable and punish them severely for the slightest perceived mistake.  They told me that sometimes she would just make them strip and punish each other for no good reason.  All of their punishments were done on the bare ass.  

When it came time for them to start to school, their mom decided that she couldnt do without her little servant girls, yet she wanted them to be educated.  She knew she always had a hard time telling her own daughters apart so she decided that she would register just one of them and then have them alternate days so that each one would learn the days lessons and then come home and teach the other one what they missed.  This is how they went through school without anyone finding out that there was more than one of them.  To everyone but their mother, there was only Tina Youngston, even though we were all meeting a different sister each day.  When I helped them with their school work, I should have been more observant because I noticed then that there were times that I had made sure that Tina understood what I had taught her and the next time I saw her she didnt have a clue.  I just thought she was forgetful, but I now know that I was teaching the same thing over again to Mina.

It seems that things got to the point that their mother was constantly abusing the one that stayed at home while the other one was at school.  For example, one of the more disgusting ones was she would shit in her pants and make her daughter take the shit filled panties off of her and order her to smell them.  When she brought them up to her nose to take a smell she would mash the shit into her face nose and eyes.  Their mom wouldnt feed them either.  She spent all of her money on her drugs, cigarettes and booze.  When they did buy food, it all went to their mother.  She would stuff her face and on rare occasion, give them the scraps after she had eaten.  She soon gained so much weight that she could barely get around the house which meant that the girls had to take care of her in every way. They became so hungry that they had to steal food to keep from starving.

When I called to tell Tina that I needed them to do something for me they decided that they had had enough.  They wrote their mom a letter telling her they were running away and that if she tried to come find them, they would turn her in for child abuse.  They put sleeping pills in her booze and gave it to her.  When she passed out, they put the letter in her lap and left to come to my house.  After they told me their story, I told them that they didnt have anything to worry about and that we would take care of them.  I called my parents and got permission to have a slumber party to take care of the next two nights as a cover for allowing them to stay at my house until tonight.

Any way, I told them that I needed them to do something for me after I had arranged for them to stay with me and they readily agreed.  I told them how I wanted to give my father a wonderful present for something he did for me the night before, thanks to doggysluts assistance, and that I didnt have any money.  I asked them if they could get a watch for me at the convenience store that I saw and Tina immediately knew which one I was talking about.  Mina volunteered that she had seen a very pretty necklace there too the other day when she had gone in to steal some food to eat.  I quickly added that if they could get that for my mother, I would be extremely happy.  

I took them to my bedroom and gave them some old clothes that I cant wear anymore and told them to take a shower and get changed so they didnt look like they just escaped from a refugee camp.  They ran off to the bathroom and I made a phone call to warn Matt while they were cleaning up.  

When they were done, they came out dressed much as you see them now, but the blouses werent see through and the skirts were about four inches longer then.  We made a bee line for the convenience store.  When we got there, I reminded them of what they were supposed to get.  

I only know what happened in the store because I saw the video.  Matt has graciously provided a copy of the disc for you to watch later.  Any way, they went in and walked around the store looking at things and putting them back as if they were trying to decide what to choose.  They separated and one of them, I dont know which one, picked up a bag of chips and went to the check out counter.  The other one went to the back and continued the act of picking up and putting back different things.  When the one with the chips had finished slowly counting out the change she came up short.  She begged and pleaded for the clerk to let her have the chips even though she was short.   While that one was creating a big scene, the other one picked up the watch and quickly put it in the pocket of the skirt and acted like she put it back.  She then did the same with the necklace.  She picked up and put back a couple of things after that and came out to join her sister at the counter.  The one that had been begging for the clerk to give her a break turned to her sister and asked if she had the amount they were short and she dug in her pocket and counted out what she had.  It was still like a nickel or so short so the clerk would not let them have the chips.  The one with the chips took it back to the shelf and placed them back.  They then turned and stepped out the door.

Right after they had entered the store.  Sheriff Rob came up to me and asked me if I was Krystal.  Of course I said I was and he said that he was there to help me.  We waited until we saw them come out of the store.  When they saw me talking with the Sheriff, they stopped and Matt came out of the store yelling, Arrest them.  They stole from me!  Sheriff Rob whispered, Thats my cue to me and ran across the street to the girls and grabbed them just as they turned to run away.  

While Sheriff Rob held each girl by an arm, Matt reached in to the pocket of the one that he thought had come out with the jewelry.  He came up empty and searched the other ones pocket and pulled the watch out of one pocket and a necklace out of the other.  Matt said, These are worth over seven hundred dollars and they just tried to steal them from under my nose.  One of them created a distraction while the other pocketed the items hoping they wouldnt be caught.  Bring them into my office and we can watch the video.  Before they went in to the store, the Sheriff looked over to me and asked, Are you with these girls.  I told him I was and that I was just waiting for them out here.  They told me what they were going to do and I didnt want to get involved so I waited out here.  

Both girls complained that it was my idea in the first place but both Matt and the Sheriff just scolded them for trying to implicate me because they didnt want to fess up to their own guilt.  Matt said, All the evidence points to them being the perpetrators of not only this but a string of thefts that have been going on in my store for years.  Thats why I installed my new surveillance system.  Come on and Ill show you the videos of this and several other times they stole from me. It was just fortunate that I was here this time to catch them in the act. 

We all went in to Matts office in the store and he put a disc in the computer and played a series of videos of Tina and Mina stealing food from the store.  It seems that he had been aware of them stealing from him for years.  He felt sorry for them and let them go he explained to Rob.  Both Tina and Mina were crying at this point.  Matt continued to explain that he didnt do anything about the food because he felt they needed it, but when they tried to steal something as valuable as the watch and necklace, it was the last straw.  All told, he figures that over the years, they had stolen some two thousand dollars worth of food along with the necklace and watch.

The Sheriff shook his head and said, This is more serious than I thought.   I need to go call this in.  You hold them here and Ill be back in a little bit.  Sheriff Rob left and I nudged Tina and whispered to her to offer to give him a blow job or something to get them out of this.  

Tina immediately spouted out in a panic, Please let us go.  Ill give you a blow job if youll let us go. Please!! she whined.  Mina picked up the plea as well and said, we will both give you blow jobs if youll let us go.  Cant you decide not to press charges?  

Matt of course yelled out for Sonny to put the closed sign up and come back to the office.  He turned to Tina and Mina and said that if they gave both he and his son a blow job right there that he would consider their proposal.  When Sonny got to the office, Matt told the girls to get busy while they discussed their proposal.  

Both girls got down on their knees and pulled Matt and Sonnys cocks out and with a look of disgust on their face, started tentatively licking their cocks.  I can tell you, that I was getting horny from watching them being forced to suck their first cock.  Matt and Sonny acted like they were discussing whether or not they would accept the girls proposal.  Sonny came pretty quickly and Mina pulled back after the first spurt went into her mouth and the rest covered her hair, face and on her blouse.  It took about five more minutes before Matt started cumming in Tinas mouth.  He was ready for when he came and grabbed her head so she couldnt pull away and he said, Drink it you little thief.

When they had finished, Matt told Tina to lick the cum off of her sister and feed it back into her mouth.  Well finish discussing your offer while you do that.  They stepped back as Tina moved over to Mina and started licking the cum off of her.  She looked like she was going to throw up, but she did it.  When she got a dribble of cum cleaned off she would give her sister a kiss and pass it to her.  Mina almost gagged each time she passed cum to her, but she swallowed.  

When they were done, Matt spoke up and said, Weve decided that the blow job just isnt worth over two thousand dollars.  But that if they would let them fuck them, then they just might let them off.  I knew this was my cue to speak up and so I screamed, No you cant.  Theyre both still virgins.  You cant take that away from them. If youre going to fuck someone to let them off, then fuck me instead.  Ill even let you both fuck me at the same time if youll let them keep their virginity.  

Both Tina and Mina began to protest but I just told them to shut up and I would take care of this for them if they didnt ruin it.  I told them I already had been fucked that way before and really loved it, so I wasnt doing anything I didnt want to do. And besides they would be able to keep their virginity for the right moment.  Matt and Sonny both decided that it would be acceptable to fuck me together in place of fucking Matt and Sonny.  I told the two of them to suck the boys hard while I stripped so we could get this over with as soon as possible.  The girls went back to sucking Matt and Sonny and by the time I was naked they were getting hard.  

I told them that the one that was going to fuck my ass needed to lie down on the floor and I would mount him.  Matt lay down and I told Tina to lubricate my ass with her tongue to get me wet for him.  She looked at me like I was crazy and I said, Im saving your cherry for you so the least you can do is get me ready to take that monster in my ass now get to it.  She got on her knees and I spread my ass cheeks so she could rim me.  I made sure to tell her to put plenty of spit up my ass with her tongue.  She did that for a couple of minutes and I told her I was ready.  Matt was as hard as Ive ever seen a guy by that time so I grabbed his cock and guided it to my rose bud and I sat down on his cock.  I gently pumped up and down, taking a little more of his cock with each down thrust until I was fully impaled.  Tina and Mina were just staring at me.  It was so funny to see them with their jaws wide open in amazement.  I looked at them and said, You should really give this a try.  It is one of my favorite ways of fucking.  

I turned to Sonny and said, What are you waiting for?  Come fuck me.  That was all that Sonny needed and he came up to me and slammed his cock into my cunt.  He just started fucking without letting me get used to him.  It hurt at first, but it didnt take long for me to get use to him.  Soon I was being rocked back and forth by the two of them.  When Matt pushed in, Sonny pulled out and vice versa.  I was soon being rocked by powerful orgasms.  They had already been sucked off once so they both had a lot of stamina.  I was soon having one constant orgasm, and was loving every minute of it.  Matt was the first to cum, followed shortly by Sonny.  I just lay there trying to get my breath as Sonny stood up and said to the girls, One of you clean me off or no deal.

Tina was the first to act and she sucked his cum covered cock into her mouth and cleaned him off.  When I got up, I grabbed my clothes and went to the bathroom to clean up and get dressed.  I understand that while I was gone, Matt made Mina suck his shit and cum covered cock in order to try to get the Sheriff to go easy on them.  I wish I could have seen her face but they were all dressed and presentable when I got back.

The Sheriff came back with two different sets of papers.  He said that he had to arrest the girls and take them to jail.  He said that with as much as these girls had stolen, there was no way that they could be let off.  Both Tina and Mina were sobbing uncontrollably when he said that.  I spoke up and said, Cant you let them off easy or something.  Matt and Sonny said they would try to convince you to go easy on them.  Im sure that there is something that can be done.

The Sheriff said, There is too much evidence to just let you off.  Normally a young teen like yourself would be incarcerated in Juvenile Detention until you turn twenty one.  I think in your case that is probably eight or nine years.  But if you sign this set of papers right here pleading guilty, the judge has agreed to letting you be on probation for ten years with one minor provision.  That is that you will have to live under supervision with someone appointed by the court.  The option is yours.  You sign this confession now and we appoint your supervisor for your probation or I take you to jail right now.  I promise you that with the evidence that we have along with everyones testimony, it will be a slam dunk case.  Its your choice.  

Matt and Sonny both said, We support the probation option if you will make Krystal her supervisor.  I quickly spoke up acting surprised, Why me?

Matt said, You didnt come in to participate in their crime when they came in my store so I think you are honest for one.  Second, after what you did for those girls, I think they owe you and they know it.  I think youll be the perfect supervisor for them.

The Sheriff spoke up and said, I have no heartburn with that if you are willing Krystal.  I said, It didnt matter to me.  I would be happy to be their court appointed supervisor.  

He put the papers down and showed the two girls where to sign.  Once they signed, he showed me where to write my name in and sign.  After I signed the document he gave me a copy, them a copy and kept a copy to be filed at the court.  He then turned to the twins and said, This document means that you have to do what ever she says, whenever she says, no matter what she says.  If she calls me for any reason and tells me that you havent obeyed her instantly, Ill hall you in and vacate the probation.  You will be locked up in Juvenile and Ill throw away the key.

You could see a sense of relief on their faces when he said that.  I dont think they really thought about the power I was just given over their lives.  I took the girls by the hand and thanked Matt and the Sheriff for being so understanding and left immediately.  As we walked back to my house, they just kept talking about how they had just escaped a major bullet.  Little did they know what was waiting for them at my house.

My parents were going over to a party that night and Tanya, Kim and Pam were going to be there.  When we came in to my bed room, they were all waiting there to see how things went.  They were so surprised when I walked in with the twins.  They only knew of Tina like I did.  I quickly explained everything to them and they all said, The more the merrier.

I turned to the girls and ordered them to strip naked.  They looked at me like I was crazy.  I waved the paper in their face and said, You belong to me now.  You will do what I tell you to do without hesitation or I will call the Sheriff right now.  NOW STRIP!  Both girls were back to crying again but they did strip.  When they were naked I told them that unless I told them otherwise, they were to be naked at all times.  That included when my parents came home.  I told them that they had to follow Tanyas, Kims or Pams orders as if they were mine unless she was doing something for me.  If either one of them was doing something for me, she would explain what she was supposed to be doing and tell them she would be available to them when she was finished with what I had ordered.  The only one of us that could make them stop from completing one of the others orders was me. Otherwise they belonged to the last one who gave them orders until that task is completed.

They both nodded that they understood so I told them to bend over and place their hands on the bed and stick their asses out.  I went to my mom and dads bedroom and got a couple of my dads belts.  I handed one to Tanya and we took our places on opposite sides of the girls.  We then began to spank them over and over again.  When we had their asses nice and red we made them turn over and started spanking their tits.  Boy did they howl from the pain.  We ended with a couple of strikes across their pussies.  They both passed out when we did that.  

Kim and Pam got up and slapped their faces until they woke up.  When they were alert they ordered them to look at me.  When I had their attention I said, Now you know what will happen if you ever disobey any of us again.  I dont care if we tell you to go fuck a horse in the middle of down town at noon, you better do it.  I asked them if they understood and they shook their heads yes.  I slapped the belt across each of their tits twice and said, When I ask you a question, you answer with a yes mistress or no mistress.  That goes with any of the others or anyone we tell you to.  Do you understand?  They both answered in unison, Yes Mistress, sobbing the whole time.  They were both beginning to realize just what kind of power we held over them.  

At this point I ordered Tina to lie down on the bed and for Mina to get on top of her lying in the opposite direction.  Once they were in position I ordered them to start eating each other out.  I told them that they were not to stop for any reason until I told them to stop.  I told them that if they had to take a piss, they better just do it and that the one that was sucking the one pissing had to drink the piss all up so that none got on the bed.  If they didnt, I would spank them twice as long as I had done the first time.  

You should have seen them attack each others cunts.  It was obvious that they didnt want to be spanked again.  We all just sat around the bed and watched and fingered ourselves while we watched.  Once we had all cum a couple of times I said, I think its time for some pizza, dont you girls?  They all remembered what a great time we had with Tanyas brother the last time we were together and so they all readily agreed.  I went down and called the pizza place and asked for Tanyas brother.  Luckily he had just gotten back from a delivery.  When he answered, I asked him if he was interested in a repeat of last Friday.  He eagerly agreed that he would do anything to experience that again.  I told him that if he would buy us our pizzas and deliver them to my house; I would have a wonderful surprise for him.  But I put the condition on that he had to bring a male friend with him.  Otherwise the deal was off.   He readily agreed and knew exactly who he was going to invite.  I gave him the pizza order and thirty minutes later, he and his buddy were at my door.  

All of us but Kim and the twins went down and answered the door in our birthday suits.  When we opened the door, Tanyas brother had a shit eating grin on his face and his buddy looked like he had just seen a ghost and was saying, I dont believe it.  I just thought he was pulling my leg.  He turned and told Tanyas brother that he was sorry he didnt believe him.  We pulled them in and showed them where to put the pizzas.  We then made them strip down and I let Tanya and Pam attack them.  They immediately took their cocks and started sucking them for all they were worth.  They had them both cumming in just a couple of minutes.  When they were done they stood up and Tanya took her brothers hand and Pam took his friends.  They both led them to the couch and they sat down and told the boys that they wanted them to suck their cunts.  They told them that under no uncertain terms were they to do anything that would rupture their cherry but they could do what ever else they wanted to.  They said that if either one of them ruptured one of their cherries they would never get to do anything like this again.  But that once they had decided to give up their cherries, they would be able to fuck them afterwards.  Both of the guys said, that they wouldnt tell a soul and would always be just a phone call away.  They then bent down and started sucking them.  I got up to go check on my new slaves and told Tanya and Pam that I was going to send Kim down and that she was to get the same treatment that the boys gave them.  I reminded them to not let anyone take their cherries and went up.  

When I walked into the bedroom, Tina and Mina were still at it.  It was obvious that they were getting to the point of exhaustion.  Kim said that she had lost count of the number of times that each of them had cum since we left.  She said she thought that it had to be fifteen to twenty at least.  I told her to go down stairs and have fun.  

After Kim left I asked the twins, Are you ready to stop now.  They both shook their heads yes but didnt stop sucking and chewing on each other.  I heard one of them moan in orgasm, I couldnt tell which but they continued assaulting each others pussy. I let them keep going about twenty more minutes and then I asked them again if they were ready to quit.  They both shook their heads more vigorously this time.  I said, If you want to quit, then you will have to piss in each others mouth before I let you.  Neither one was ready for that yet so they kept eating each other out.  They started to slow down too much so I took the belt out and started whipping the one on top and ordering them to get to work.  I told them I would keep whipping the one on top until I was satisfied with how they were doing.  I dont know which one was on top at that point but her ass was getting really sore.  She was actually sucking to my satisfaction.  I told her she better do something to make her sister get to work or I wouldnt stop.  The next thing I heard was a scream from the one on the bottom.  I looked down and noticed that the one on top was biting down hard on the others clit.  I bent down and said, Now is that fair.  Here she is biting your clit for no good reason other that she isnt satisfied with how well you are licking her cunt.  What are you going to do about it?

Well let me tell you that pay back is a bitch.  She bit down even harder on her sisters clit and sent her into a painful but massive orgasm.  She screamed like there was no tomorrow.  When she had recovered she returned the favor and bit hard onto her sisters clit.  She screamed in a mix of pain and orgasmic ecstasy and then returned the favor.  I just sat back and watched as each sister abused the others cunt.  They were beginning to bite and chew at each other viciously.  They were leaving bruising bite marks all over each others genitals.  Oh god, I have to tell you that I orgasmed just sitting their watching them attack each other like their lives depended on it.  That kind of power over someone is the greatest turn on that exists.  

Anyway to make a long story short, they went at each other for about fifteen more minutes before they finally passed out from exhaustion.  I left them there and went to find the other girls.  They were all in the dining room with content smiles on their faces and eating pizza and drinking cokes.  I came in and asked, 
Did you guys have fun?  They all just looked at me and grinned.  I said, I take that as a yes.  Are you all still up for the cherry popping party on Friday as we discussed?  

Pam spoke up and said that they were just discussing that very topic.  They all agreed that if they were going to get the kind of power over other girls that they had over Tina and Mina, they would do just about anything for that.  They agreed that Friday was still on.  I smiled and said, You should have seen our pair of beauties up stairs.  I had them biting and chewing each others cunt as if their life depended on it.  Its amazing what a little application with the belt does to motivate someone.  They are going to be quite sore tomorrow, I guarantee it.  By the time we were done eating, we all decided it was time for a bathroom break.  I told them to go to the bathroom and wait for me.  I went in to the bedroom and found the twins had rolled away from each other.  I woke them up and said, Get out of bed now you sluts.  I didnt give you permission to stop and you just passed out on me.  Youre really going to get it now.  

I marched them into the bathroom.  They looked worried when they saw the other girls standing there.  I ordered them to get into the bathtub and kneel down sitting down on their heels and lock their hands behind their back.  They were to look up and open their mouths.  I told them that if they closed their eyes, I would whip their tits and cunt a hundred times.  I also told them that if they puked, they would both have to eat it up.  I stepped over one and Kim over the other and we aligned our piss holes up with their mouths and said, Were going to piss in your mouths now.  You better swallow every drop if you know what is good for you.  I then let go with a long, much needed piss.  It seemed as if I had been holding it all day.  I must say that they both did better than I expected.  Neither of them let a drop out.  I think it was Mina who almost threw up, but she was able to swallow it down before it all came up.  When we were done, Pam and Tanya took their turns.  When they were done pissing, I made Tina piss in Minas mouth and Mina to piss in Tinas mouth.  Each girl had three persons worth of piss in their stomach.  I could tell that they were a bit green and it wouldnt take much to make them puke.  I decided to see just how far we could push them.  

The four of us huddled together and whispered quietly about trying to make them throw up.  We all agreed that making them eat their sisters shit would probably do it.  We broke up and I went and got a belt.  When I returned I ordered Tina on her back and told Mina that she was going to take a shit into her sisters mouth and Tina was going to eat it all up.  I repeated the warning that if Tina threw up, that they both would be licking it up.  I also told Mina that I was going to whip her tits with the belt until she took a shit in her sisters mouth so she better not take too long or she would be sorry.  Let me tell you; that really got her attention.  

Mina squatted over Tina and I started swinging the belt over and over again on her tits.  I could tell that she was straining to comply.  Finally after about ten minutes a big log of dark brown shit started coming out and down into her sisters mouth.  At first Tina wasnt trying to eat it.  I brought the belt down on her cunt hard and told her I would keep it up until she ate all of the shit.  She couldnt eat it fast enough.  She had to stop frequently to keep from throwing up, but she managed to keep it all down.  Boy I must tell you that I was totally disappointed in that.  I so wanted her to throw up and have to eat up her vomit.  

I made her sister lie down in the tub and gave them the same orders.  Tina squatted over Mina and almost immediately started shitting in her sisters mouth.  Her shit was much looser and formed a soft pile on her sisters face and went up her nostrils.  That was all it took.  She turned her head and started puking up all of that piss and what ever other contents were in her stomach.  That set off a chain reaction in Tina and she puked all over her sisters face.  The stench was terrible and made me sick as well.  I couldnt hold it in and leaned over them and puked all over them myself.  I emptied all of that half digested pizza all over them.  The other girls just turned and walked out of the bathroom because the stench was making them sick.

I figured that I had already thrown up once so I stayed and made them lick the vomit up off of each other and out of the tub.  They both puked a couple of more times before they finally were able to suppress their gag reflex.  I quit breathing through my nose early on and was just barely able to stand it.  But the humiliation I put them through was worth it.  I knew that I had broken them at that point.  You could see it in their eyes.  I could tell them to do anything and they would do it.  Man that is an awesome feeling to have that kind of power over someone.  I was more determined than ever at that moment to increase the size of my bevy of slaves.  

It was almost two in the morning before they had cleaned everything up to my satisfaction.  I told them that they could sleep in the bathtub like that the rest of the night.  I wouldnt let them clean up any further until I said they could.  They just groaned and said, Yes mistress.

I brushed my teeth and gargled to get the taste out of my mouth and went to join my partners in bed.  They were all sound asleep.  I crawled in with them and was asleep almost as soon as my head hit the pillow.  

The next morning when we woke up, we all went in to the bathroom and looked in on our slaves.  One of them had puked again in their sleep.  We woke them up and made them eat up their puke and then made them kneel in the tub again.  This time we each took turns pissing and shitting in their mouths.  They had learned their lesson and drank and ate all that we gave them.  They still looked like they were having a hard time holding it all in, but they managed.  Once we were done, we allowed them to finally take a shower.  

When they were all cleaned up, we allowed them to come down to the living room.  We showed them the kneeling position doggyslut told us and told them that if they were waiting for instructions, they were to be kneeling like that and waiting at the foot of the bed.  If they wanted to speak to us, they were to come and kneel by us and wait for us to acknowledge their presence and give them permission to speak.  We then told them about this party and told them what they were going to do.  We made them practice what they were going to say over and over again until they got it perfect.  Tanya joked and said that she had to use the Eenie, Meenie, Minie, Mo rhyme to decide which was Tina and which was Mina so we decided that it was the perfect slave name for them.  We told them that from that moment onward, that their names were Eenie and Meenie MinieMO.  We all laughed for minutes about that.  They didnt look too thrilled though.  We made them practice what they were going to say using that name then.  Each time they screwed up, both of them got punished by having their ass and tits whipped at the same time.  

Darrell, I must ask you what you thought of their offer to you when they came in tonight.

Darrell said, It was perfect.  I was totally surprised and impressed.  You did a wonderful job with them.

Krystal said, Good, Im glad you enjoyed that.  I wanted it to be special for you.  You have done so much by allowing doggyslut to show us what this could all be like.  We are all here now ready to pop every cherry in this room.  There are enough virgins here that every male in the room and Prince can pop a cherry tonight.  I bring you Eenie and Meenie to offer their cherries in my place as I gave mine up last Tuesday to someone I loved.  I hope that is sufficient payment for not getting mine as payment.

Darrell said, That is more than I expected.  All I cared was that I got to pop a cherry tonight.  I didnt care whose it was.  You have honored me by not only bringing me one but bringing doggysluts real master one as well.  I would like you to have Mina go out now and bring in Prince.  We will get the party started with him and Mina.  Then I will go with Tina and then on around the room so that everyone gets to witness the special event for each person.  Thanks for telling us about Wednesdays activities.  I think I speak for everyone, that it was an absolutely wonderful way to start the evening.  Do you have anything else you would like to share before we begin?

Krystal answered, Yes, there is one more topic that I would like to get resolved tonight.  My parents dont know that Eenie and Meenie dont have a home to go back to.  I would love to have them 24/7, but that just isnt possible.  Is their any way you can arrange for someone to house them and still allow my friends and I to play with them and to use them to help recruit more like them?

Marta looked at David and he nodded his head in silence, giving approval to the unanswered question.  She spoke up and offered, I am in need of some new sluts to help me train my puppies and clean my kennels.  She and doggyslut locked eyes and doggyslut smiled in understanding at what Mistress Marta was going to be having them do, considering she had already experienced it.  Marta continued, Both of the girls would be of great help to me in that endeavor.  Being that they have been going to school every other day and teaching the other what they missed, I see no reason to change that.  I will keep one home with me to help with my beauties and also to train her how to be a good slave for you while the other goes to school with you to help.  When ever you want to get them together for a little party, just give me a call.  As for their mother, I think Sheriff Rob will be able to take care of that problem.  Cant you Rob?

Rob readily agreed that they would have the problem taken care of by the end of the day Monday.  Marta turned back to Krystal and asked, What that means to you is that you will have your willing accomplice and slave and I will have a replacement training slave.  The problem of giving them a place to stay is taken care of as well.  Do you agree?  

Krystal answered with an excited, And how.  Its perfect for what we need and it helps you out too.  Well need to discuss all of the particulars latter, but consider it a done deal.  Darrell, I think we all would like to get the party started now.

Darrell answered, Everyone, take a ten minute break and then well get the party started up in full gear.



This is end of Chapter 25.
   
Please e-mail comments to 
redlegtiger@hotmail.com 

or visit my blog at My Blog URL:  
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story.  I am always looking for ideas and invite suggestions.  If you are reading this on Storiesonline or BDSM and like the story please vote and comment.  



Redlegtiger 
