Date: Wed, 4 Jun 2003 02:57:18 -0500
From: Josh <btomandback@hotmail.com>
Subject: Skinny Dipping Invaders 2 (Revised)

Thanks for the encouragement. I had a couple of guys ask me to finish the
story about Peter and Jay. My friend, who I called Mathew in the story, did
not tell me much more, but here we go...


Peter 2

I was worried about Pete. He had come by on Tuesday, and I had barely seen
him sense. Peter was pretty independent and cocky. I guess I was really
afraid the kid would try to blackmail me.

It concerned me enough that I was thinking about moving. Since most of my
work is from home, it would not be difficult. And thinking ahead, I had
hopes of becoming a novelist and did not want Peter showing up years from
now when I was rich and famous, asking, "Remember me?"

School would soon be out for summer and Jay and I had worked out a scheme
where I would give him swimming lessons in return for him doing chores for
me. At least that is what we agreed to tell his parents. I just hoped they
never got a look at my pool. It's a great pool, but not really big enough
for real swim lessons. We had arranged to have a "lesson" Sunday and I had
hopes that we would have a lot of lessons through the summer. So I was not
too anxious to move yet.

Saturday came first, and first thing in the morning, Peter mowed his yard,
including the side outside my office window. All he had on was shorts and
shoes. He waved at me a couple of times. At one point, he made a point of
catching my eye and then pressed his hands down on either side of his
crotch. It was obvious that he had no underwear on. It was also obvious
that he had something on his mind.

I wondered if he was going to sneak over for a quick, "slam, bam, thank you
man." I wanted more. My cock began straining agains my own shorts while I
watched Peter and the sweat glistening off his back. I remembered how well
that little fucker filled my butt and wondered if I could get him to fuck
me again.

He started weeding a bed on my side of his house and made a point a couple
of times of wiggling his ass at me. I didn't see any other of his family
out there, so I picked a spot in my office where only he could see me in
the window, and got close enough that I was sure he could see me well, and
I pulled down my pants, turned sideways to him and started stroking.

He was actually weeding and did not notice at first, but at one point he
glanced in my direction and then did a really cute double-take. At first,
he was a little open mouth, then smiled and laughed pointing at me. I
smiled back and waved my cock at him, and made licking motions with my
tongue. Then I laughed and put it away.

I went back to work, and became so involved in it that I did not notice
when Peter dissappeared from in front of my window. I was glad he had clowned
around. That was a good sign, but I was a little dissappointed that he had
not come over.

About that time, the doorbell rang. It was Peter, smiling, sweaty and a
little flushed, and dirty with grass. "Hi, Matt. I'd ask how they're
hanging, but I saw," he joked.

"Hi, Pete," I smiled. "Yeah, their hanging good. Some kid kept shaking his
ass at me; a cute ass, by the way." Then I frowned at him, "Now my balls
are all sore!"

"Well, hey, I told my Mom that I was going to come over and ask you if I could
cool off in your pool. She told me that I'd be a nuisance," he winked. "She
made me promise to tell you to tell me 'No' if I would be interrupting
you."

"Gosh, Pete, you already interrupted me! So no, you are not interrupting me
now. You're more than welcome to swim. Come on," I told him as I began to
lead him through the house to the back.

"Got a towel? A suit?" I asked.

"No. Mom said to wait on the towell until I found out if it is OK. She
didn't want me to 'presume' anything. Same on the suit, though I told her I
could just swim in these shorts, if you want me to."

I looked back at him. He had a big smile.

As we came out to the pool, I made a quick jump to a hose and turned it on
him, saying, "You're too dirty for my pool, kid. Gotta get you clean
first!"

I thought the water would be cold, forgetting the sun had heated that in
the hose.

"Ouch, Hell, Damn," he started cussing and jumping around. Then the water
obviously turned cold and he let out an "aaaaaaaaagh!!!" and turning, I
caught him square in the back.

Peter grabbed a swim noodle (long rod-shaped, foam pool toy), and mounted a
counter attack. He came at me swinging.

I kept squirting his crotch as he came at me, turning his hips sideways to
avoid getting squirted "head on." And he started hitting me over the head and
on the chest with the short end of the noodle.

We were both laughing pretty hard and when he took a big swing and missed,
I grabbed him from the side and stuck the hose down the back of his pants,
reaching in for a satisfying grab as I did it.

He squealed and jumped, pulling the hose out of my hand as he did
so. Quickly, he grabbed the hose and with an evil grin, turned it on me and
began chasing me around the pool. We both were getting soaked when he
cornered me at a point where the garden came to the edge of the pool.

I put my arms around him and the hose and pulled us all over the side, into
the water. When I let him go, Peter was quick and started climbing up onto
my back, pushing me under.

I could hear him screaming and laughing from under the water. Spinning
around, I caught him by the shorts and yanked them off.

Coming up to catch a quick breath, I barely avoided a grab from Peter
before I ducked back under and grabbing him by the waist, I put my mouth
over his balls and blew out a ton of air. He was squirming like mad.

I had to surface again, and this time, he was ready. He put both hands on
my head and pushed me under. The motion also pushed him up and his now
stiffening cock came right to my mouth. I did what comes naturally and
swallowed him, grabbing him with each hand on a butt cheek.

He stopped squirming immediately as I tongued and sucked. The problem was
that his hands were still on my head, holding me down. As my feet hit the
bottom, I pushed of hard, while at the same time, pushing Peter off and up
with the heels of my hands on his hip bones. He went flying over the water
away from me.

Laughing and grinning, he got to the bank, not far away and pushed off,
right at me. I started to move away, but I did not try too hard. He grabbed
my waist band and undid my snap and pulled down my shorts. I was turning
away, so then he grabbed my underwear and gave me a hell of a wedgie.

He was swimming away and my shorts were around my Knees, my underwear up my
crack. I shucked both and went after him. He began pushing off banks like a
billard ball on a table, but I caught up with him, grabbing him with an arm
around his waist.

I drug him to the steps where I sat down and held him over my lap. "Ok, you
clown." I kidded. "Now you're going to get it!" And I raised my hand to
take a swat.

Peter took the opportunity to squirm off my lap, but I grabbed at him. His smooth
skin was so slippery, we became all twisted around. I wound up holding him upside
down with an arm around his waist. His butt was such a tempting target right in front
of my face that I took us both under intending to blow bubbles in his ass.

Holding him tight with both arms now, I put my mouth in place and blew hard
into his crack. Then, I found his ass hole with my tongue intending to
force it in a little. Well, force was not really required. I easily got in
the tip and just kept pushing, trying to get my whole tongue in.

But then he grabbed my balls. I was already needing a breath and so
released him and jumped back, squirming to get out of his grip.

His head bobbed up a few feet from me and he started singing tauntingly,
"Somebody wants to fuck me. Somebody wants to fuck me." Then he started to
swim for the other end of the pool.

I caught up with him and grabbed his ankle, pulling him back toward me. I
got me feet on the bottom and began dragging him toward the shallow end by
the ankle.

It was hard. The kid was struggling like mad, and I think we both lost our
boners.  Loosing the tug-of-war, he swung back around on me and grabbed at
my cock. Even though I was jumping around and trying to hold him away by
his ankle, he got a hand on my butt and held me while he grabbed a hold of
my cock with the other hand. I let go of his ankle and started to get hard.

Walking backward with him still holding on, I sat back onto the steps. His
head was above water and smiling at me. "I won! I won!" he cried.

I grinned back at him, "It ain't over yet, kid." And I leaned forward
toward him as I sang a low, taunting, "Somebody wants to fuck you. Somebody
wants to fuck you."

He released me and started to jump back, but I was quicker. I had my arms
around him and holding his chest to mine, I sat back down onto the steps,
his legs coming around my waist and his arms around my neck.

As we sat down, his butt pushed my hard cock down to horizontal, and I
could feel his cock, hardening again, comming against my belly.

Things turned serious. Our smiles faded and we looked hungrily into each
other's eyes. Peter began grinding his cock into my hard stomach, as my
hands began caressing his butt and sides.

I put my face alongside his and kissed his neck and collar bone. When I
kissed back up to his cheek, Peter surprised me by turning and kissing me
full on the lips. The kiss turned deep and hot as we held each other to us.

When we caught our breath, I murmured in Peter's ear, "Guess what,
Pete. Someone really does want to fuck you. What would you think of that?"

Peter began grinding his cock harder into me. "Can I fuck you back?" he
murmured into my ear.

"Uh, huh," I answered, and grasping him firmly by the butt, I carried him,
legs still around my waist, out of the pool and over to a table where I had
sun screens and lotions. I like using a light natural oil after a swim sometimes, and
decided that it would work well as a lube. Carrying Peter and the oil back to the steps,
I sat at the edge and lubed my cock, his butt, then shifted my hips to do
my butt, and then reached between us to lube his cock. He began his
characteristic whimpering when I did, and so I stopped as soon as I had him
lubed. I knew the oild would not come off easily in the pool, and I didn't
want him comming too soon.

I moved us both down two steps. With both of us about chest deep in the
water, I raised my cock until the head was pointed at Pete's little ass
hole. Holding onto Peter, I began pushing in. As I did, we had to finally
move up to the first step for Peter to have enough weight to allow my cock
to slide in.

It moved in slowly and with a really luxurious feel from the oil. Peter and
I both gave long, contented, sighes as I slid the full length in. I kissed
him. We had to work his legs around a little to get his cock hard up
against me, and we kissed again, now deeply.

Peter and I began moving as we kissed. I was moving in and out as Peter
moved up and down. He began giving me little squeezes with his butt and I
made a little grunt each time. He started giggling, but not for long.

Soon I had my hands firmly gripping the sides of his waist and was pulling
him down on me as I was pushing up. I leaned back from him a second to take in the
view of this delicious boy riding my cock and was tickled to see his little
cock head bobbing out of and back into the water.

Leaving one arm dangling over my shoulder, Peter reached down between us
and began stroking. I could tell he liked the lube on his cock. He kept looking
down at it and moving his hand into different positions. He whimpered.

Peter bent forward again, and kissed me. We kissed hard and tongued.

I began to feel things stirring in my balls. They were pulling up and that
electricity began to build from the tip of my cock to my asshole. It would
not be long for me. I wanted to speed Peter up, so I took one hand and
placed it over his cockhead and did a gentle twisting motion over it. I
thought he was going to jump out of my lap.

That definitely sped up his whimpering. I put my hand back with the other
around his waist and began to plow him for all I was worth, lifting him on
each thrust, almost out of the water.

Peter's whimpering was growing louder and his sphincter began pulsing
squeezes around my cock. That pushed me over. It felt like my balls were
pulling all the way into my body and my load felt so thick, I thought I was
passing a marble. I was so overloading that I could barely remember the
neighbors to not scream. I pumped and pumped into that kid, and was vaguely
aware of feeling his sperm splashing my face and chest. He was cumming a
huge amount for a kid.

We began to slow our rocking. Peter began to make noises like he might be
becoming uncomfortabale, so we stopped. But Peter did not immediately get
off. He laid his forehead on my chest and moaned.

I rubbed my hands soothingly up and down his back, massaging his butt a
little, then massaging his shoulders. I could see little streams of his cum
floating off in the water.

"You Ok, Peter?"

"Uh, huh."

"Was that OK for you?"

"Oh, yeah!" He looked up to my face. "THAT, was really incredible," he
purred, as he began to pull up off my cock. When I slid out of him, he sat
back down on me, his arms dangling over my shoulders.

"So, ready for your turn fucking me?" I asked.

He laughed a little. "No way, Man. I got nothing left."

Then he smiled at me. "Next time is my turn."

The way his tight little butt was resting on my cock and balls, I was
thinking "next time" could happen quickly.

I put one hand on each side of his head and pulled it forward to kiss him
on the forehead. My heart was going out to this kid. I was falling in love
with Peter too.

Still holding his head, I looked into his eyes, "Thank you, Peter. That was
a wonderful gift you just gave me."

He smiled.

"You are really a neat kid, Peter. I never want to do anything that you
don't feel comfortable with and I never want to hurt you." I
paused. "Peter, I really want to be your friend."

He smiled, and then jumped up. "In that case," he replied. Next time I get
the hose!"

He started laughing. As he turned to leave the pool, I gave that musclar
little butt a swat and thought, "Any time, kid."



Ok guys. Guess I gotta do one on Jay now. Watch for it. And remember to let
me know if you like these or if you have any experiences of your own you
want written up. I'm btomandback@hotmail.com.

