A Bathroom With A View
by DrAllaire

Beth is exposed to the caretaker in the shower.

It was the week after their thrilling adventure with Doctor Shiffman and his interns. Beth had been examined fully nude by the doctor whilst Mark watched, and had never felt so mortified, shamed yet liberated and aroused at the same time. Mark had felt the same, the couple having spent the past week going over the examination in minute detail, Mark reciting the dirtiest bits as he pumped into his wife and explored her body during the marathon fuck sessions it had inspired. As part of their pact to reboot their previously stale love life, the couple had been holding weekly discussions over coffee and cake on the subject of which fantasies to explore next. Mark had been eager to book Beth in for another examination at the doctor's office, but had been inspired to first try Beth's suggestion from some of the erotic fiction she had been reading on her kindle.

"So" said Mark, taking another sip from his large Americano.

"Shall we do the scenario with the builders or another doctor's visit first?"

Beth's mind went into overdrive at the suggestion of another session with Doctor Shiffman.

"I want to go back to the doctors, but I want more suspense next time. My limits are like we discussed; no intercourse or fingering, but up for some exhibitionism and humiliation, just make it believable. First and foremost though, I want to try the scenario with the builders."

"Ah, the maintenance guy fantasy from one of those dirty books of yours?" laughed Mark.

Beth playfully punched Mark in the arm.

"They aren't dirty, they're tasteful erotica to inspire loving couples to try new things and to spice things up" she replied.

"That's me told" replied Mark.

Just then Mark had a brainwave. The week after next they had booked to stay over in student accommodation to save cash on a hotel as they were meeting up with friends to celebrate their graduation. The block of flats they had chosen was one with two shared bathrooms for each 6 rooms, with a shared shower.

"So is that definite, the builder or maintenance guy?" asked Mark.

"Yes please" said Beth.

"And do you want prior warning or not?"

Beth stopped and thought of the extra humiliation and arousal she might feel at not being in on the exact time the exposure would happen.

"Just give me knock, but you don't have to tell me the time, nice mix that way" said Beth.

Mark nodded. Fast forward two weeks and the couple were packing for the break away to see their friend Joan who was graduating having completed a masters degree in fine art. Beth giggled as she packed her towel and underwear.

"God, I haven't stayed in halls of residence since I was 20, seems like a life time ago! So what's the plan, big boy?" she said, turning and kissing Mark.

"That's for me to know, babe" he said, holding her tight.

Mark had got the plan down to a tee. The set of flats had an onsite reception and maintenance team to fix any faults quickly. Whilst Beth was in the shower that afternoon, he would go down to reception and fetch a maintenance worker to come and have a look at the "broken" hot water tap, Mark having concocted a cock and bull story about the water not flowing from it and it needing it to be fixed. The morning after, Mark and Beth had arrived at the student halls of residence and were getting ready for a brunch meetup with another couple they hadn't seen in a while. Mark had showered and dressed in his smart casual combination of smart shirt, black trousers and shoes. Beth had just got out of bed and peeled off the boy shorts and t shirt she had slept in the previous night, before grabbing a towel and robe as well as her shampoo and shower gel.

"See you in ten" she said, blowing Mark a kiss.

"K, babes" came the reply.

Mark heard the sound of the bathroom door being locked, the shower starting to run and the shower cubicle door opening and shutting, indicating Beth was now in the shower. Seizing the opportunity, Mark slipped on his shoes and headed for the door. Making his way down the two flights of stairs, he arrived at the reception where a middle aged lady Mark guessed was in her late 40s was sitting at the desk.

"Can I help" she smiled.

"Yes, the hot water tap in one of our bathrooms isn't working and I wondered if you could send someone up to have a look at it" replied Mark.

"Sorry about that, you're in luck our caretaker is in the office, if you're free now I can send him up with you to have a look" said the receptionist.

"That would be great, thanks" replied Mark.

Beth had stripped off and was enjoying the feeling of the luxurious hot water over her skin, waking her up and relaxing her at the same time. She had shaved her armpits and pussy, leaving both as smooth as a baby's backside. Beth was lost in her own thoughts when a loud knock came at the bathroom door.

"Who is it?" she shouted.

"Just me dear, the caretaker's come to have a look at the hot tap, are we ok to come in?" replied Mark casually.

A thunderbolt of arousal shot up Beth's spine. It was Mark with the caretaker! Should she back out or go ahead? It was a no brainer.

"Just one sec" she shouted, purposely not grabbing the towel as she came out of the shower cubicle and to unlock the bathroom door.

"My wife's just in the shower, do you mind?" Mark asked the caretaker, a portly man in his late 50s with grey beard and thinning white hair.

The caretaker looked stunned, but shook his head. The latch of the bathroom door was unlocked and there stood Beth, giving both men a brief yet full view of her freshly shaven pussy and voluptuous natural tits before turning round to remarkably casually get back in the shower cubicle as if this were an everyday occurrence to have two men in the bathroom as she showered. Mark shut the door behind them but did not lock it. Turning to the caretaker he pointed to the hot water tap.

"It's this one, no hot water, is that right dear?" he asked, turning to Beth.

The caretaker looked incredulously at Mark before turning to also look at Beth who smiled as she replied.

"Yes, wasn't working a minute a go" said Beth whilst washing her arms with the soap.

The caretaker, flustered turned to the tap.

"I-I'll just have a look" he said, reaching for the tap.

The tap was a little stiff but after some more turning the water started to flow. The caretaker put his finger under the flow to test the temperature.

"Boiling hot, all fixed" he said to Mark.

"Thanks for sorting that" said Beth, who was in the middle of lathering her hair with shampoo, pussy and breasts facing both men.

"A-anytime" said the caretaker.

"We'll leave you in peace" said Mark cordially.

"One sec dear, I'll come lock the door behind you" said Beth, rinsing her hair before undoing the shower cubicle and walking out, making no attempt to cover up or reach for a towel.

The two men went out of the door and heard it lock behind them. Mark showed the caretaker to the door, chatting as they went.

"Boy do I feel daft, all that time it was just stiff" laughed Mark.

"No problem at all sir, any more issues, you just come and get me from reception, thank you, thank you so much" said the caretaker as he left.

Mark shut the door behind the caretaker before making his way to the bathroom. Beth opened the door as he knocked, locking the door behind them before grabbing Mark.

"Oh my god, that was hot, do you think he minded?" said Beth.

"Are you kidding, I think you just made that guys year!" laughed Mark.

"Fuck me!" stated Beth, grabbing Mark by the hair.

Late that evening after brunch and an evening out to the cinema, Mark and Beth were spooning in bed.

"So, it's doctor Shiffman and some suspense next, any "no gos" other than what we've already discussed?" said Mark.

"Nope" came the reply.

"I'm seeing him tomorrow, we'll get something sorted" said Mark, kissing Beth's forehead.



