Last night I was feeling bored and restless. It had been a hot day and hadn't cooled off much, even after the sun went down. I decided to go see a movie and enjoy air-conditioned comfort for a couple of hours. Just in case there happened to be any good looking guys at the cinema, I changed into a short skirt which showed off my tanned legs. I was already wearing one of my sexiest tops, a leather singlet top that, once it was zipped up at the front, clung to my body like a second skin. I was ready to go.
The movie turned out to be full of sex, and I was feeling very turned on as I walked back into the foyer of the cinema, after the movie finished. I must have had a smile on my face because I noticed a guy looking back at me as he walked out of the same movie. He was returning my smile and asked, "So you enjoyed the movie, did you?" A fun and relaxed conversation followed and gave me plenty of time to take in his great smile and sexy body, which filled out his shirt and jeans nicely. He had short, dark hair and I learned that his name was Steve. Steve was just the kind of guy I was in the mood to run into.
Our flirtatious banter took us all the way to the car park, but it wasn't until we were standing next to my car that I realized I had a flat tire. "Don't worry, I'll change it," Steve offered, but after I explained that I hadn't quite gotten around to replacing the spare after my last flat, he changed his offer to a lift home. His car was only a few up from mine, and as I stopped at his front passenger door I realized what a stroke of luck it had been that he had walked me to my car. That thought was quickly replaced by a sudden knot in my stomach as he stopped very close behind me to unlock my door. A familiar twinge of desire down below, prompted me to turn and face him before he moved away. I was pleased to see a look on his face which revealed a similar reaction to my own.
I moved in closer still and ran my fingers up his muscular arms to his equally toned shoulders. My right hand continued up behind his neck and I raked my fingers through his hair so I could pull his head forward. His hands had moved to my waist and were now gliding up my back. The urgency of our kiss made me shiver. His hips pushed mine back suddenly and I was pinned between him and the car. I could feel myself getting wetter by the second. He pulled back from me slightly so I took the opportunity to move my left hand down between us and drag my fingernails up the inside of his leg. I came to the warm, firm shape of his cock as it swelled inside his jeans. I rubbed the head gently, and slowly moved my fingers toward the zipper. I was surprised though, at that moment, to feel him pulling away. His mouth left mine and he murmured that we should get going.
We got in the car and he reached over to squeeze my hand and smile at me, before reversing out of his car space. My ego was a little bruised at first but I was much too horny to give up that easily. I leaned over to rub his leg and run my tongue around the rim of his ear and nibble all the way down the side of his neck, as he drove. I undid the top few buttons of his shirt and let my hand wander over his chest. I was getting to the point where I wanted to rip the shirt off him completely, and my touch was getting more and more desperate. I pulled away and sat back in my seat to give myself a chance for a few deep breaths.
Steve had run his hands up the outside of my thighs while he had me against the car earlier, but as yet he hadn't gone anywhere near my pussy - which was aching to be touched. "You know...if you're not going to touch me," I said as he turned to look at me, "I am going to have to touch myself." Steve smiled and said nothing. I was so horny that the idea of bringing myself off, in front of some guy I had just met, was an incredible rush. I raised my feet and anchored my high-heeled shoes against the dash in front of me. I opened my legs until I felt my lips part. I was very wet, I pushed aside my lace panties and ran my finger along the inside of my pussy. It felt exquisite. My heart was thumping. I rubbed myself faster and faster, circling my clitoris, massaging it. I was going to town on myself.
I had reclined the back of the seat with my free hand and my head was thrown back in overwhelming lust. Waves of pleasure were pulsing through my body as the intensity built and built. I moaned openly as I rubbed myself faster still. I could feel it building and I wanted it badly, but at the same time I didn't want this to be over. Steve let out a moan of anticipation as he watched me, bucking with pre-orgasmic throbs. Finally I felt myself reach the pinnacle and my whole body stiffened as jolt after jolt of orgasm throbbed through my body. My head was thrown right back and my back arched as pure ecstasy overwhelmed my senses. I kept my eyes closed for a few moments, savoring the afterglow.
I suddenly became aware of the sound of gravel crunching beneath the car. I opened my eyes to discover Steve had pulled over to the side of the road. He parked with a sparse row of trees between us and the main road. Before I knew it, he was covering my body with his hands and kissing me passionately. With his hands on each side of my small waist, he spun me easily and roughly positioned me against the back of my seat, with my back to him. He ran his hands up the outside of my thighs, taking the light material of my skirt with him as he reached my hips. His thumbs mounted the curve of my arse. I waited in anticipation as he let go of me with one hand to release his cock from his jeans. He now had both hands on my hips again and he suddenly impaled me on his cock, I was dripping wet so his cock slid in effortlessly and my pussy throbbed with joy as he filled me up with his large cock.
Steve used his grip on my hips to slide me up and down his long, stiff shaft. I was all but screaming in pleasure and he was going wild with the need to fuck me harder and faster. He was now pistoning in and out of me as fast as he could, milking himself, building the orgasm he needed so desperately. Then, all of a sudden, he stole his cock from my desperate pussy and he opened the door behind him. Before I knew it, he was reefing me backwards and out of the car. Still behind me, he clamped me down over the bonnet of his car, his hands covering mine. He pulled his hands all the way up my arms and when they reached my shoulders, he spun me around to face him. Now his hands moved back to my hips and he lifted my arse up onto the bonnet in front of him.
I leaned back a little and anchored my hands just behind me so I could stay sitting in front of him. Roughly, he grazed his thumbs up the inside of my thighs and my head fell backwards. He kissed my neck and then suddenly he ripped down the zip that ran down the centre of my top, my breasts sprang from the confines of the skin-tight leather as the top fell away. Steve moaned a deep, primal growl at the sight of them suddenly bursting out right before his eyes. His mouth was suddenly kissing and sucking every square inch of them as he slid his cock back inside of me.
I was so wild with passion that I didn't care about the headlights that were flashing over us as cars sped past. As Steve slammed into me repeatedly, both our orgasms building, someone started their car in a carpark on the opposite side of the road to us. The car's headlights suddenly came on, streaming through the darkness between it and us. It felt like suddenly being on a stage, with a spotlight broadcasting our every move.
This, of course, only served to fuel the intensity of our fucking. It was enough to send us both over the edge. I came first, clamping my legs around his waist and holding him inside of me. I fell back on the bonnet and screamed through gritted teeth as the intensity of the orgasm gripped me and coursed throughout my body, wave after wave of excruciating ecstasy filled my senses. Steve let out loud, guttural moans as he pulled out and sent streams of hot, white come all over me. I felt its force as it spurted onto my neck, chest and tummy. It had been one of the most intense orgasms of my life and we both lay on the bonnet of the car, breathing hard.
Steve drove me home shortly afterwards and we both agreed we should get together again soon. If we do, I'll let you know...By the way, Steve, if you happen to read this..thank you for a memorable end to 2005!