There's An App For That - a Samantha's Shame Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009


My name is Samantha, Sam for short. This is another installment
in a journal that my bitch sister Betsy is making me write (see
"Betsy The Bitch"). I wouldn't be writing these things down if I
wasn't being forced into it. Writing this journal isn't the only
thing I'm being forced to do by Betsy, I'm also compelled to
expose myself to whomever she chooses, whenever the mood may
strike her. She knows that I am incredibly turned on by being
embarassed and humiliated, the more sexual the situation and the
greater my embarassment, the more my body responds with
excitement. My brain rebels, but my body doesn't care. The more
humiliating the situation I have to endure, the hornier I get. My
sister says that makes me a slut. I'm not sure about that, but it
is hard to argue against the results.


So far Betsy has limited my shame to strangers, with the
exception of her boyfriend. While she hasn't even let him so much
as look at her tits, I have had to masturbate for the two of them
while she jacked him off. He can't get past first base with her,
but she'll give him hand jobs that rival the best massage parlor
action while forcing me to put on a pornographic display that
would cost a pretty penny in the downtown porno palaces. I'm glad
that she has kept our activities segregated from the locals, but
it is a small consolation. I've been exposed to so many I've long
since lost the count, and the number is going to grow steadily
and quickly, Betsy has no intention of slowing the action down on
my account. I can only hope she continues to exercise a little
restraint, and doesn't completely ruin my life by letting
everyone we know in on the fun and games, leaving no one who
doesn't know what a total whore Betsy has made me.


If I knew who the geek was that she got to program the phone, I
might just kill him. Not really, but just thinking about whoever
it must be makes me tremble. Rage, lust, fear, it all gets mixed
up in one big boiling mass of hormones. This was my latest
humiliation, and it was completely automated. Betsy set it up,
and explained the rules, but it was all coordinated by the phone,
and the "killer app" that some geek had written at Besty's
request.


It was the middle of the week, and Betsy dragged me out of the
house to take a ride in her VW. I knew that meant trouble, but
what could I do? I was stuck. Fight Betsty, and I'd regret it. At
the least she would kick my ass; the worst would be much more
humiliating than a mere beat-down. We drove out of our neck of
the woods, and again ended up in a neighboring town. Thank the
lord for small favors, at least my upcoming degredation wouldn't
be in front of the locals.


We pulled into a parking lot in front of one of the prominent
museums that ring the towns central park. Betsy handed me a
phone, and explained the rules of the game I was to play that
day, like it or not. The phone would guide me, via GPS, to
several places. I had to make my way to those places, inside of
the time alloted to me, which would be displayed on the phone.
When I arrived at the specified locations, I was to get a picture
taken of me, flashing in various manners for the built-in camera,
exactly as I was directed by the instructions the phone would
provide. I would need to recruit total stangers to take the
pictures, I couldn't take them myself. The photos would all
instantly be uploaded to a web site that had already been set up.
If I stayed inside the time limits, all of the pictures would
automaticly have my face blurred out, but if I couldn't get to
all the places I needed to, and get all the pictures taken within
the time limits I was given, all of the pictures would be
uploaded to the web clear as a bell, with my face quite visible
and obvious to anyone. Fuck!


I was allowed to say whatever I wanted to get people to take the
pictures, and if I needed any help, there was an SOS logo on the
phone I could press. Betsy didn't tell me what kind of help I
might get, but she did tell me that if I got in trouble with the
cops, I was on my own.


"Don't be stupid, bitch. Keep your mouth shut if you get caught.
But don't get caught, use your fucking head, don't let your
slutty cunt do your thinking for you."


As always, I contemplated rebellion for a moment. Whatever Betsy
might do coudn't possibly be worse than having my face and body
posted on the Internet for everyone in the world to look at,
could it? Except, thinking about it, Betsy could make things
worse than world-wide exposure. She was a scary bitch, and
anything was possible where she was concerned. I could think of a
few things, including a vicious beating, that would rank worse
than being exposed to every person on the planet with Internet
access. Much worse. Damn. I took the phone, muttering under my
breath about what a bitch Betsy was - very much under my breath.
Game On.


The phone told me that a countdown would start as soon as the
first picture was taken. That first picture was to be right there
in front of the art museum, and I had to flash my boobs. I began
looking for a recruit to take the picture I needed, but there
wasn't anyone around at the moment. The museums all close on
Wednesday, for maintenance and what have you, which was a mixed
blessing. It meant that I wouldn't be exposed to a lot of people
while I was doing my flashing, which shouldn't matter much to me,
since the pictures were going to the Internet anyways, but it did
matter, and I felt a little more at ease. I still had bubbles in
my gut, I was nervous, embarassed, and more than a little aroused
by my predicament. The trouble with everything being closed was
there weren't many people around for me to recruit to take
pictures. This did not bode well for the time limit part of this
game, making it far more likely that my face would not be blurred
out of the pictures.


Betsy was still sitting in her car, watching me with a sly smile
on her face. Finally a skateboarder, taking advantage of the lack
of authority figures around to enforce the ban on skateboarding
on park sidewalks, came roaring by, grinding his axles on all the
curbs and stairs.


"Hey! Dude! Could you help me out?" I yelled.


He rolled over towards me, and I really got nervous. He was a
skinny teenager, with stringy brown hair and an acne problem.
Could I do this? I had to. I was a little shaky in the knees, and
I was blushing, but I had to forge ahead. I could see Betsy still
staring from the parking lot, so I took a deep breath and got on
with it.


"I made this stupid bet, and I need you to do me a favor. I have
to flash my boobs here in front of the musuem, and get a picture
of it to prove I did it. Could you take the picture for me?"


"Hell ya! I'd love to see your boobs, you are really cute! Gimme
the camera."


At least getting a teenage boy to take a picture of me was easy.
My nipples perked up when he said he wanted to see me, and my
blush was growing. I felt a little dampness, too. I hoped it
wasn't too obvious to this dork that this was turning me on. I
got situated in front of the museum, took another deep breath,
and pulled up my top, exposing myself in public to this geeky
skateboarder and anyone else who happened to be around.


"Awesome! You're tits are even better than I thought they'd be!"
Dork-boy exclaimed.


"Just hurry up and take the picture!" I yelled.


"Hey, I'm just admiring the view. Need to get you in the frame
properly and all..." he said as he stalled.


"Look, do it now, or I'll go away and get someone else to take
the picture later!"


"OK. OK."


The phone let out a loud, exaggerated shutter noise, then beeped.
I quickly pulled my top down, ending my direct exposure, but the
geek was still looking at my tits on the phone.


"Hey, your face is blurred out. Tits still look really nice,
though! What's with the countdown timer?"


I grabbed the phone from him, and flushed in humiliation as I saw
the shot he'd taken. My chest was flushed, and my nipples were
swollen and sticking out very obviously. Anyone could tell that
flashing was a turn-on for the girl in that picture. At least
Betsy hadn't been lying to me, and no one could really tell the
girl was me, because my face was indeed blurred out. In the lower
corner of the screen, a timer was counting down from what I
assumed started out as 2 minutes. That was how long I had to send
in the picture, or the blurring would be removed. Once I'd sent
it in, I'd get more instructions.


"Thanks. That is how long I have left or I forfeit the bet I
made."


"You going to be showing off some more? I'd love to take more
pictures of your sexy body! You are hot!"


"No! I'm done with that," I said.


The dork looked disappointed, said "Well, you should show off
more often, you have nice tits." and skated off into the park. I
was glad he left. I pressed <send>, and the picture disappeared.
I'm sure it was now on the Internet, and it wouldn't be long
before porn-hungry guys were jacking off to it. The thought sent
a quick thrill across my already overstimulated nerves, even
though I felt debased and degraded. The screen now showed a map
of the park, with simple directions to the planetarium, and a
message "moon the camera here". The countdown timer had reset to
fifteen minutes. I glanced over briefly to the parking lot to see
if Betsy was still watching, but her VW was no longer there. I
headed off into the park, making my way to the planetarium. I had
plenty of time, except I wanted as much time as possible once I
was there, so I could find a new photographer.


I was in front of the planetarium with ten minutes to spare, but
again nobody was there. The park was empty, what could I do? I
could try to take the pictures myself, except it would be
obvious, and I'd wind up losing the little privacy this game was
allowing me, plus Betsy would be pissed and I'd wind up punished.
I didn't want my face exposed, nor did I want Betsy to kick my
ass. I didn't want to be exposed at all, but I had no choice
about that, so I'd do my best to keep my face private. What could
I do, though, except wait and see if someone would come along
before my time ran out.


A jogger! I was in luck. A lady jogger was heading towards me. I
flagged her down, and gave her the same spiel I had given the
dork, I had made a bad bet, and now I had to moon the camera here
in front of the planetarium. She laughed, but was happy to help,
and my skirt was up, my panties down, and the picture was taken,
and I had still had five minutes left. This picture didn't blur
out my face since the angle of the shot didn't show my face.
Good! The lady jogger wished me luck, and went back to doing her
roadwork. She was quickly out of sight.


Again, the timer gave me two minutes to submit the snapped
photograph. I hit <send>, and the moon disappeared into the
ether. The map of the park was back, with directions to the
botanic gardens, and a brief message "flash pussy at tulip
display". The countdown had reset to ten minutes, not fifteen
like before. That wasn't much time, I'd have to haul ass!


"Hey, you lied to me!" said the skateboard geek, appearing out of
nowhere. "You just flashed your ass to that jogger."


I ignored him, and began to trot towards the gardens. Skateboard
boy wasn't going to go away this time, he was following me. Shit!
I didn't want to flash him any more, I was already embarassed as
hell at what he had already seen. If I couldn't find anyone else
to take pictures, he might come in handy, though, so I didn't say
anything, I just let him tag along. I had about two minutes left
when I got over to the gardens, and it took me one of them to
find the tulip display, because the damn directions on the phone
weren't that detailed. I was sweating a little from hurrying, and
my heart was beating fast. My heartbeat stayed high as I
contemplated what was about to happen. No people! I would have to
let the skateboard geek take another picture, and this one was
going to be very humiliating. I wondered for a second if this
dork had ever seen a pussy in real life, or if his only exposure
was Internet porn or girlie magazines.


"Quick! I need you to take another picture!" I stammered.


"Sure! Gotta flash them boobies again, huh?"


"No, this one is going to be my pussy." I said as I handed him
the phone.


He looked stunned. "Really? Wow! My friends aren't going to
believe this shit!"


I stood in front of the tulips, about to expose my two lips. I
pulled my panties off first, and they had an obvious wet spot
where I'd been leaking juices into them. I couldn't blush any
harder than I was at that moment, my body was flushed with
excitement and embarassment. Heart pounding, legs shaking,
trembling from head to toe, I pulled up my skirt, and let the
geek get a good look at my dripping, swollen pussy.


"Don't fuck around, or this is over!" I screamed at him. "Take
the fucking picture!"


The dork was staring at me like I was a platter of steak and he
was starving, practically drooling. He did take the picture right
away, though. Another shutter noise, and a beep. The countdown
timer reset to two minutes, but the asshole woudln't give me the
phone! I covered up right away, so he was staring at my pussy
close up on the screen, and didn't want to quit looking. I was
terrified! In this photo I was totally exposed, my pussy was
puffy and swollen, pink peeking out from between my outer lips,
you could tell I was wet with excitement, and if I didn't get
that picture sent off quickly, it would go on the Internet with
my face clearly framed for all to see. Everyone in the world
would know what a slut I was, showing off my dripping hole in
public. Shockwaves were rolling through me as I imagined the
teasing I would get at school, how all the boys would be talking
about my pussy, and how they'd never believe I was still a
virgin.


"Give me that phone you fucking asshole!" I screamed.


"What's the problem, I'm just admiring your hot body, baby. I'll
give it back soon enough."


"I need to send that picture now, or I'm in deep shit!"


"OK. Then let me see your pussy again. Flash me, and I'll send
the picture - I just have to hit the button, right?"


"Yes, yes, hit the button before the timer goes off!" I didn't
have time to argue with this motherfucker, so I yanked up my
skirt and let him get another eyeful. I felt total humiliation,
not only was Betsy forcing me to play this stupid flashing game,
I had to show off to this dork as well. That hadn't been part of
the game, but as usual I didn't have any good options, and no
choices.


"OK, I sent it. I think I love you, you are smokin' hot! Hey,
there is a new timer, and a map!"


"Give me the phone, asshole!"


"Nope! I know you still have to get naked, and you've got seven
minutes to do it according to the timer. It says 'Stand
completely nude in the fountain', and that is where the map gives
directions to." He laughed. "You're stuck with me, baby! No way
am I going to miss seeing you in the buff."


The fountain wasn't too far, but it wasn't close. I'd have to
hurry. I kept trying to grab the phone away from the dork as we
hurried towards the center of the park where the fountain was. I
wanted to make sure he'd sent the picture, and that I did indeed
have to get in the fountain naked. He let me see the screen, and
it said what he had told me it said. Fuck! Although he let me see
the phone's screen, I still couldn't get it away from him. I
hoped he'd take the required picture and send it off in time, I
really didn't want my identity revealed considering just how
slutty looking these pictures were turning out.


We got to the fountain, and dork-boy said "You've only got two
minutes, you'd better strip quickly and get in there!" I ripped
off my clothes, and jumped into the fountain. That was when the
skateboard asshole sprang a surprise on me. "I'm not taking your
picture, unless you let me touch you." Oh, shit! How could I do
it? I didn't want to be touched, but he had me totally at his
mercy. Naked, in a public fountain, with only about a minute to
get my picture taken, or be exposed as a total slut on the
Internet.


"OK, asshole, go ahead."


He grabbed my left tit and gave it a squeeze, then ran his hand
down across my belly, and cupped my throbbing pussy. His touch
felt like fire on my skin, then he slipped a finger into my
wetness and slid it right up inside me. I could have died of
embarassment! Naked and finger fucked in public, what a total
slut I'd become. He pulled his finger out, and licked it clean.
God! Then he took the picture, and said "Seconds to spare, no
problem. You are a hot little slut, I'd love to fuck you. Your
pussy tastes like candy!" I was about to cry and on the verge of
having an orgasm at the same time. I felt like used goods, a
total whore. I jumped out of the fountain and tried for the phone
again.


"You've got to send the picture in," I gasped.


"Or what? What happens if I don't? What will you do to get me to
send it in?" he teased, as he kept the phone away from my
clutching hands. I grabbed up my clothes, and got myself covered
up.


"Never mind. I'm not doing anything for you, you do whatever you
want. I don't care any more!" I started to cry.


"Don't cry, baby! I'll send the picture."


Smack! Dork-boy went down, hard. The phone flew out of his hand,
and hit the concrete with a hard crack. A huge black guy was
standing over the skateboard punk, and an even larger white dude
was standing next to him.


"Don't fuck with our friend, dipshit!" said the black guy. "We
should kick the shit out of you on general principles."


"I didn't do anything to her," whined the punk. He got up, and I
could see his lip was split open and bleeding. I thought that was
wonderful, he deserved worse. I didn't want to admit to these
guys what had been happening, so I kept quiet and watched to see
what would happen next. They told the dork to beat it or they'd
use him as a punching bag, and he skated away at top speed.
Suddenly Betsy was there, laughing her ass off.


"That was great!" she sputtered between laughing fits. "I'll bet
he shit his pants! You football players really know how to put
the smack down on someone."


Suddenly I realized I didn't know if the last picture got sent in
time, so I scrambled for the phone. The screen had a crack, and
was completely dark. It was broken! Oh, fuck me! Did the last
picture get sent before it was smashed, or was I now an Internet
star? Fuck, fuck, fuck!


Betsy saw how shocked I was, looked at the broken phone, and her
laughs got louder and harder. "Poor little slut! You don't know
if you made it, do you? she giggled. "Well, lets go home and take
a look at the website, we'll see if your face is there, or just
your slutty cunt."


I was on fire the whole way home, I was terrified that my
identity would be revealed, not just my body, and the humiliation
of it made every nerve ending in my body tingle. I was gushing
juices from my pussy, everything on my body that could swell with
excitement was pulsing and throbbing, and my heart was racing
like I had just run a marathon. The trip in Betsy's VW took
forever, but we finally made it home. Betsy lit up her PC, and
logged on to the new website. I was shocked and stunned. There
were tons of pictures! Videos! The shots I had sent in from the
phone were there, but someone must have been following me,
because there were lots of otherpictures, all incredibly
revealing. As Betsy clicked around the website I realized they
even had a video clip of dork-boy sliding his finger into my
snatch! I wanted to die! The only good thing was that my face was
blurred out in all of the pictures, I had literally been "saved
face".


"God, slut! You really got into it, didn't you? Why did you let
that geek finger your pussy like that? You are such a whore. You
could have hit SOS, and the football players I had beat on him
would have saved you and kicked the shit out of him. You must
really like it, strange people looking at you, dorky strangers
touching you. Fuck, you are probably dripping right now just
thinking about the hundreds of people who will be watching his
finger sliding into your pussy tonight!" she laughed and clapped
with delight. "You can go, now, game over."


I ran to my room, flung myself on my bed, and started crying -
and masturbating. I was so worked up I couldn't stop myself. I
was creamy and steamy, my fingers slid into my hole without any
resistance. I jammed them in and out hard, rubbing my clit at the
same time, and began to cum, sobbing and groaning, tears running
down my face in torrents. I thought about the skateboard geek,
and how his finger had felt sliding easily into my wetness. I
wondered if he would ever find the website, and recognize the
slut he had finger fucked in the fountain. Would he jerk off
thinking about what a whore I was? I had multiple orgasms, my
fingers sticky with my juices. I fell asleep still crying. I was
crying with shame, but also because I knew Betsy would try to top
this adventure, and I was in for a rough ride in the future.


I also cried because I liked it.


         &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/


