"Eric! No! Don't!" I exclaimed only loud enough for him to hear. I didn't want the vampires on the other door to hear me screaming out loud and come in to find us like this. Drake would no instantly that something was up.

I ran after him and luckily got to him before he could reach the door. It was a good thing that Eric had decided to move at a human pace. Otherwise, I would've never caught up with him in time and everything would've went to hell in a hand basket.

I grabbed him by the arm and used my vampire strength to force him to stop in place and turn to face me. He glared down at me. I could tell that he wanted nothing more than to go out there and rip Drake's body apart, limb for limb. Well, he'd just have to get in line behind me, Rachel, my mom, my dad, and my other brothers and sisters. I know he means well, but that doesn't change anything.

"You are way smarter than this, Eric Northman," I told him. "You know damn well that going out there will only make things fucking worse than they already are now. Don't go pushing everyone's luck!"

Instead of replying with words, Eric smashed his lips violently onto mine.

I was shocked at first, but then I kissed him back with full force. I was so into the kiss that I almost forgot that Rachel, Sookie, and Bill were even there.

"Yeah, okay!" Sookie exclaimed.

"That's our cue to leave," Rachel said.

All three of them left through the door separating the bathroom hallway and the main lobby rather quickly.

After that it was just Eric and me. Walking backwards, carrying me, Eric pushed open the door behind us and backed up into the room. It was the mens room, but at the moment I could care fucking less where we were at. Thankfully, there was a lock on the door. Eric locked the door before placing me on the counter where the sinks were. Not once did we break away from each other.

Impatiently, I quickly unbuttoned the buttons on his tuxedo coat and pushed it off of his long arms and onto the ground. I repeated my actions with his shirt, which quickly found it's way onto the floor, too. I ran my hands up and down Eric's now bare chest. He felt so fucking good. He was so smooth.

He began anxiously, kissing and nipping at my neck. I moaned, appreciatively. His hands moved down to about my waist before he began slowly drawing my dress up. For a brief second he picked me up so that he could lift the dress up just above my breasts, so that I wasn't sitting on it. This way he also had more room to work with. Also, since blood and sex came hand in hand, I had a feeling that he'd bite and drink from my breast, so that no one would see fang marks on my neck and put two and two together.

We had no time to waste, so I went to work instantly on his pants. I was very happy to see that he had decided to go commando. I let his pants drop to his ankles. I didn't even have time to look him over before he had pushed my panties out of the way and pushed himself inside of me.

I wasn't prepared for his size, so it stung for just a second. It could have also been the fact that I hadn't had sex in like...what...two years, I think. He waited and let me adjust to his size before pulling out of me and then pushing back in. I moaned against his lips, kissing him hungrily.

Normal people would be completely opposed to having sex in a bathroom. They'd especially be opposed if it was the first time that they'd ever had sex with the person that they were doing it with. I, on the other hand, could care less. After everything I'd been through lately, I deserved this pleasure. I deserved it no matter where I was getting it at.

Eric's speed increased as he continued to thrust in and out of me. It felt so damn good! It was a hell of a lot better than that night on the couch. But, that's probably because we didn't go all the way that night. The pleasure that night was practically all mine.

"I'm so close, Eric," I breathed out as I felt my orgasm quickly approaching.

He once again increased his pace and without warning he clamped down on my left breast and started pulling blood out of me.

I came fast and hard with a loud moan, only to have him slap a hand over my mouth. Whoops! We were trying to be as quiet as possible. My bad! Now if we got caught the blame would fully be on me. Oh, well! That's life, right?

He thrusted in and out of me a couple more times before releasing himself inside of me.

Believe it or not, I came for a second time.

About a minute later he pulled out of me. He kissed my swollen lips one more time before pulling away and looking at me. "You have to somehow get to your room and take a shower without him noticing you. He'll smell me on you if you don't."

I nodded my head in understanding.

He backed away from the counter and I jumped down, fixing my panties and my dress.

"Go now before he notices you've been gone to long," Eric said in a demanding voice.

I looked back at him and looked him up and down. He stood there in all his naked glory. I wanted nothing more than to feel him inside of me once again, but I shook it off. Without another word, I unlocked the bathroom door and slowly made my way out, leaving him to get dressed and somehow get my smell off of him. I wouldn't be surprised if he hooked up with or seduced another woman to get my smell off of him. Right now I didn't care what he did.

I wondered how I would get to the room without Drake catching me. That's when I saw the door at the end of the hall with a sign that said in big, black, bold letters: STAIRS! Relief came over me as I quickly made my way to the door, and opened it going inside quickly, and then up the stairs I went.