My older sister - part 1

(young boy discovers himself and enjoys his older sister while testing his powers with his schoolmates girlfriends.)

I was born in a small town in which almost everyone knew everyone else. Until I was 9 years old, nothing special happened in my life, apart from the usually primary school things. Then one day, when I was waking up in my little bedroom, I found that my willy (I still called it that back then) was painful - not just painful but sticking up and really hard. It felt as if it was going to explode, but at that moment, my Dad came in and told me it was time to get up for school. I thought nothing more of it until the next morning, when the same thing happened again. This time, when I looked down, I could see my balls sac churning about and there was a deep ache between my legs. Again, I had to get up before I could find out more.

I managed to talk with my friend from the senior class that day and confessed what had happened. He was amazed, saying it had only just happened to him too and he was two years older than me. He told me it was due to puberty onset and that now I could begin to enjoy girls. He winked when he said that and added "And boys too, if you like!"

Now I was thoroughly interested and, when I got home that afternoon, before my parents arrived back from work, I looked through Dad's bookcase. I soon found a book entitled Human Biology from which I learnt a lot about what was happening to me. Before long, I'd discovered how to make that ache go away. The pleasure of feeling my stuff spurt out became quite an addiction and I began doing it every day and as often as I could. I had to be careful to clear up the stuff before Mum or Dad found out about it, but I got into a routine and, as far as I know, they never did know what I was up to. I was so addicted that I'd leave the dinner table after the main course, go to the bathroom and make it spurt before returning for desert. Maybe I was doing it 10 or 15 times a day by the time I was 11.

In those intervening two years, I'd found that girls were more interesting than boys, but I wasn't close enough to any of my classmates to really get involved. Then I noticed my sister! How hadn't I noticed her before? She was now 15, going on 18.  As I looked at her with more 'big boy' eyes, I noticed her swollen breasts and how her butt danced under her very short skirts. And, when I noticed those things, my cock (as I'll now call it) showed interest too, becoming very hard and even sometimes aching while I watched her playing with her girlfriends in our backyard. Of course, I noticed her girlfriends too, and that sometimes they looked at me and giggled.

With my parents, we often used to go to watch rugby matches at the local club. Most of the time, my parents had enough money to get us all seats, but occasionally, Sarah and me had to go to sit on the grass and watch the match. One day, it was quite cold an I was sitting between Sarah's legs keeping warm against her body. We always cuddled up close to keep warm and this time we'd brought a warm blanket to wrap round ourselves. We sat together for about 20 minutes, enjoying the rugby, when suddenly the winger kicked the ball out of play and it landed very close to us. So close that I had had to duck away. I'd closed my eyes but when I looked up again, I couldn't see anything. My head was immersed between my sister's warm breasts.

"Tony, what are you up to?" she asked in surprise as I nuzzled my head between her growing breasts.

Her hands were grasped around my waist and, as the realisation of where my head was began to register, I could feel my cock beginning to swell alarmingly under her hands. Sarah didn't move her hands away, and I heard her moan softly. My cock continued to grow as I nestled my head deeper against her lovely warm body. Her hands stayed put, even gently pressing against my cock.

"Tony, is that...?" her voice trailed off as my cock still kept growing, making an enormous bulge in my shorts.

She moved one hand until, under the blanket, she was holding onto my cock shaft firmly.

"You are huge, little brother!" she giggled, wriggling under me.

"I don't know, sis," I whispered back, "I've not seen anyone else's!"

"Believe me, bro, that's enormous," she murmured, "deliciously enormous!"

"Thanks, sis. Glad you like it!" I said quietly.

"Like it?" she gasped, "I love it and I want it!"

I'd never heard my sister get agitated about anything before and I was impressed with her response. Perhaps, after all, my 20-com cock was something special. I ahd been measuring my cock since the first time I noticed it growing, and it had grown a great deal since that first time. I was now wondering whether it would ever stop growing. Luckily, when it wasn't hard, it was very small, so none of my sports buddies had noticed anything in the showers. But now my 'experienced' sister was cooing over it. In fact, now I realised it, she was slowly running her hand up and down the hard shaft - and I was beginning to enjoy it.

"You like that, bro?" she murmured in my ear, gentle massaging along my rock-hard shaft.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm," was all I could reply, as the feelings she was generating were greater than any I had from my own hands.

"I think it's stop growing now, sis," I warned her. "You can stop doing that!"

"You really want me to stop?" she asked, astonished, her hand immediately stopping her delicious stroking.

"Do you know what happens if you don't?" I asked her softly.

"Yea," she giggled, "You shoot stuff everywhere!! Hee hee!"

Her hand still held my cock firmly, but she wasn't moving it any more.

"I've done it before, you know," she explained, "to lots of the boys at school. They call me hand-job Sarah! Hadn't you heard?"

"I didn't know they were talking about you, I thought it was Sarah Miles," I replied, amazed.

"She wouldn't know one end of a guy's cock from an apple, and she'd probably choke on both!" she said derisively, squeezing my cock extra sensuously.

"The guys queue up for you after school, don't they?" I asked.

"Yep!" she admitted. "And they pay me for doing it too. I've already made a lot of money!"

"Isn't that a bit like a prostitute?" I asked, surprised by her openness.

"Maybe, but I've not done it yet, you know...it?" she looked down at me with a grin, her hand now beginning to stroke my cock shaft again slowly.

"I don't know ...it. You mean sex?"

"Yea. I'm saving myself for someone special. Someone with a big cock..." her voice trailed off.

"Why do you want a big one?" I asked innocently.

"I'll tell you when we get back home. I've some special things to show you." she grinned, then let her hands slide off my shaft. "By the way. I like feeling your head against my boobies. They are so sensitive!"

For the rest of the match, I had my head caressed by her young firm breasts, while she occasionally stroked my cock, which remained rock-hard throughout. We only broke apart for a few moments when Mum came over to offer us refreshments, She didn't notice what was going on and soon went back to her seat in the warm stand.

The ache that Sarah generated in my balls by her gentle stroking almost became unbearable. I was very tempted to go to the men's room and make it spurt, but she wouldn't let me leave.

"Hold on, bro," she kept urging me. "You'll make it home!"

She was now actively wriggling under me and I could feel almost her entire caressing kine. It was an extraordinarily erotic experience to be played with like this in a big crowd of rugby supporters, none of whom had any idea what was going on. Maybe some of them w ere also up to something naughty, perhaps even having sex. I kept looking around, but didn't notice anything unusual.

By now, I was desperate for the match to end and, as the final whistle blew (our team had won), I detached myself from Sarah and ran off to make sure Mum and Dad left as quickly as possible. I needn't have worried because Dad, always wanting to avoid the serious traffic, was up and ready to leave.

In the back of the car, Sarah moved her hand onto my leg and then tried to find my shaft again. I reacted as she'd hoped and my big cock grew under her gentle hands until she could stroke it slowly again. I was gasping for her to stop by the time we reached home.

"Look, kids," Dad said, as he drove up to the front gate. "That was a good win and your Mum and me feel like going back to the club and celebrating with the boys. Will you be OK here?"

"Sure, Dad!" piped up Sarah.

She pulled her hand off my knee and delved into her jeans pocket.

"I have the key!"

"OK then. We'll be back in a couple of hours," said Mum, turning for us both to kiss her cheek as we got out of the car.

Sarah and I rushed to the front door and let ourselves in, collapsing in giggles on the couch in the lounge.

"Oh, damn. I'm so horny, little bro," cried Sarah, starting to unfasten her jeans.

"What's horny, sis?" I asked, innocently.

"I'll show you just....as....soon...as I...." she grunted, "get these jeans off! There!" she declared, pointing directly at her light blue panties where they disappeared between her legs.

Not only was I seeing my sister in a state I'd never seen her before, I was experiencing an excruciating ache in my balls. I looked at where she was pointing and saw a darker patch on the material of her panties.

"I'm wet, bro. Wetter than I've ever felt before!" she exclaimed, grinning broadly.

"What does that mean?" I asked her.

"Like your cock gets hard when you get aroused, girls get wet. And I'm oh-so-very wet."

To my astonishment, she then pulled down her panties and I saw a girl's pussy for the first time in my life, even though it was my sister's. She tossed her panties onto the pile made by her jeans. She had no hair around her pussy but she had big folds of flesh - I think they're called pussy lips!

"Now, if you'll excuse me, bro, I have to cum!" she cried, lying back on the couch and spreading her legs wide apart.

"What's cum?" I asked he, looking closely as her pussy lips opened to reveal a gorgeous pinkness inside.

"You'll see!: she cried "And very soon. Ahhh Oooo, Uhhhh!!"

Sarah pushed one hand between her legs and used her fingers to play at the top of the pink area. She was very wet, and a sort of white cream began to develop on her pussy as she writhed and moaned while rubbing herself.

"Your sis is going to cummmmmmm!" she cried, wriggling violently and then squealing loudly. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The creamy juices began to pour out of her pussy and she moved about like a wild thing. Her cries obviously of pleasure made the ache in my balls just worse.

After what seemed like minutes, Sarah calmed down enough to look at me again, this time with an extremely satisfied grin.

"Bro, I needed that!" she giggled, slowly closing her legs together. "Oh, damn! I'll need to clean these covers now!"

As she stood up, I could see a darkening patch spreading over the couch cover where her juices had gone. She giggled, looking at me.

"I had a great orgasm! Did you enjoy watching, Bro?"

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," I murmured, fully aware of the huge bulge in my clothes that she was clearly aware of.

"Would you like me to relieve your hard-on?" she giggled, moving close to me. "How do you usually do it?"

"I just rub it like you were doing at the match," I admitted, sheepishly.

"Well, I'll show you something even nicer," she promised.

She stood up, still naked from the waist down and pulled off the couch cover. I'll just put this inn the washing machine and get the new one...or we might forget and have some explaining to do. She laughed. "Not that Mum and Dad realise what goes on in this house!"

I didn't persue that point as she bustled out and soon came back with a new couch cover. I helped her put it on the couch, admiring her lovely legs and tight butt as she bent around in front of me. Several times I could see her wet pussy between her legs and this just kept my cock in firm erection.

She grinned at me when we'd finish.

"Thanks, Bro. Now let's go and sort that out!"

She pointed directly at my hard cock bulging in my shorts. Sarah grabbed my hand.

"We'll go to my room, OK?" she suggested.

I just followed her along the corridor. She pulled the door shut behind her and sat me down on her bed. I'd not been inside her room for a coupe, of years, I guess, but she didn't give me time to look around.

Sarah knelt on the floor, pulling at my shorts urgently. Pretty soon, she'd managed to drag them down my legs. I looked down and my cock was sticking out of my little briefs.

She wet her lips, probably because she was so aroused as she slowly pulled at my briefs. She pulled them off quickly and then gasped as my cock reared up before her eyes.

"I could feel you were big, Bro..."she gurgled. "But you are enormous. Even porn stars don't have cocks that big!"

She pushed my knees apart and moved between my legs.

I gulped. Was this really going to happen? My own sister going to make me squirt my stuff? A dream cum true for a young boy!

She grabbed for my cock shaft, which was sticking proudly up beyond my belly button.

"How long is it?" she gasped.

"About 20 cm!" I said, now proudly. "It seems to grown every week!"

"It's magnificent," my sister purred, caressing the long shaft tenderly. "I've never seen one so big, let alone touched one this huge!"

The way she was wriggling on the floor, I guess she was still as aroused as before, despite enjoying that big orgasm in the lounge just now. I groaned as she put he other hand on my cock and began to play around the swollen top.

"You're wet, Bro," she giggled, "Just like me!"

Her head bent down to 2wards my cock head and she put out her tongue.

"I'm going to lick it clean," she murmured. "Don't spurt yet, will you, little bro!"

"I'll try not to," I grimaced, as the warmth of her breath on my now very achy cock head made me ache even more.

My cock throbbed violently in her hand as her tongue swirled around the tip, licking up the clear juices.

"You taste good too, Bro," she giggled. "I'll have to tell my friends!"

I didn't have time to respond as she suddenly opened her mouth wide and slid it fully over the end of my hard cock.

I knew that I'd died and gone to paradise! The silky feel of her warm mouth engulfed my cock head and shaft for what seemed like it's entire length. And yes, you guessed it, I lost it almost immediately. She didn't have time to do anything before my cock exploded inside the throat, spurting out enormous quantities of my stuff. Amazingly, Sarah just swallowed it all, sucking hungrily on every drop until my cock finally began to calm down. I'd closed my eyes and gone into another world with the intensity of my cum. 

I'm not sure how long I kept my eyes closed enjoying the thrill of my own sister's brilliant blow-job. Finally, I felt the warmth of her mouth recede. I opened my eyes to see my lovely sister beaming at me with a totally satisfied look.

"I made you cum, Bro!" she giggled. "Was it good?"

"Oh yea!" I cried, pulling her close to me, my still hard cock pressed against her face. "It was awesome!"


"You came a bucketful!" she giggled, "And even that tastes good too!"

She licked her lips and looked up at me with shining eyes.

"Could this be the start of something special between us, Bro?" she inquired, gently.

"I'm not sure," I replied hesitantly. "I'll need to think about it. It was too awesome for words right now!"

"I know what you mean. The first time Jenny made me cum...." she began.

"You do it with girls too?" I cried, astonished.

"Oh yesss," she hissed, smiling broadly. "I love other girls doing it to me. You want to watch us sometime?"

"You and Jenny?" I asked, incredulously.

"Or Beth, Sam, Jodie, and several others. We all do it a lot. Remember I said that Mum and Dad don't know any of what goes on here?"

"Yep. I remember. Didn't know what you meant," I admitted.

"When the girls come round to do homework with me, we almost always just get our clothes off and do it with each other. When they stay overnight, it's coz we've exhausted each other with orgasms. I know Mum and Dad won't ever come into my room. If you want to watch one night, wait until Mum and Dad aren't around. I'll leave my door open and you can come in - quietly tho! Don't want you disturbing us!"

Sarah laughed.

"It'll be even more fun with you watching!" she giggled, giving my hard cock another press in her hands.

At that moment, we heard the front door open and Mum called out, "Dinner in 10 mins, kids. Takeaway!"

Sarah called back, "OK, Mum, we'll be there!"

She smiled at me.

"Thanks, Bro. That was great. Let's do it some more soon."

I nodded eagerly, brushing my hand across her face in thanks. I grabbed my shorts and briefs, turned at the doorway to look at her still kneeling semi-naked and grinning with satisfaction. I walked back to my room, still naked from the waist down and got dressed.

(continued in part2)

[comments and suggestions to rockyhard4uc@gmail.com. I often chat on gmail and yahoo if you'd like to join me.]
