Tammy's introduction to sex


I was an eighteen year old virgin when Barry came into my life, he was twenty 
two. Before our wedding day, six months after we met, sex played a very 
minor part in our relationship. I think we had only fucked a dozen or so times, 
always in the missionary position. I should have realised something had 
changed when he insisted I shaved my pussy and went naked under my 
wedding dress. Then, on our wedding night, he shoved his full eight inches 
up my ass. It hurt like hell, but he was my husband and, I thought, entitled to 
shove his cock where he wanted. After dumping his load in my dung funnel 
he shoved his shit encrusted cock into my mouth and tried to force the knob 
down my throat. Can you imagine, the bastard expecting me to suck his cock 
for the first time when it was covered in shit, at least it was my shit. Still, he 
was my husband and, I thought entitled to do with my body as he pleased. 

For the rest of the honeymoon I went without scanties, at Barry's insistence. 
Each morning he would fuck me in the ass before breakfast. Then we would 
go down to the beach and sunbathe nude. He insisted I lay with my knees 
high and legs spread so people could get a good look at my freshly shaved 
pussy and cum oozing ass. 

Before lunch he would dump a load in my pussy, then during lunch I would 
wear a very short and tight skirt that rode up so I sat on my bare ass giving 
the waiter a view of my pussy as he served. In the afternoons we walked 
about the shopping centre. I would try on several pairs of shoes, needles to 
say the assistants had a full view of my cum oozing pussy.  

Each evening after tea he would fuck my mouth, eventually I managed to 
swallow his knob so his balls could bang against my chin. Evenings saw us in 
the hotel disco. Barry took great delight in raising my skirt and undoing my 
blouse so everyone could see my boobs, ass and hairless pussy. 

Was I embarrassed? Of course I was. Why did I let him do it? He was my 
husband. Was I a nymphomaniac or exhibitionist? I didn't think so at the time. 
He just wanted to do things with my body and he was my husband so do 
things with my body he did.

On the last night of our honeymoon he stripped me naked as we entered the 
disco and I stayed that way all night. Embarrassed? I'll say I was. Especially 
when he guided me onto my knees and shoved his cock into my mouth. He 
dumped his load all over my face and into my hair. I had to stay encrusted 
with his cum for the rest of the evening. 

Back in our room he had me kneel in the shower and pissed all over my face, 
'To wash the cum away'. This was new, and too kinky by half, especially 
when he had me open my mouth! But he was my husband and if he wanted to 
pee on me then pee on me he would. 

When we arrived home things didn't improve. He fucked my ass, came on my 
face and pissed in my mouth almost daily. Then he fist fucked me. It hurt like 
hell. At first I didn't know what he was doing. I thought he was trying to 
spread me for a better look, However;

"Tammy, you're the kinkiest girl I've ever met. No other girl would let me do 
what you do."

I couldn't believe my ears. What other girl? I wasn't kinky. He was the kinky 
fucker.

"Yeoh! That hurts."

"Just a little bit more, It'll be all right."

"Yeoh! Please Billy, no more."

"Just. One. More. Little. Bit. And..."

"Billy. Stop. Please. It. Hurts. Yeoh!"

"Almost. There. One. More... That's it, I'm in."

"What the fuck have you shoved in me. It hurts. Take it out please Billy."

"Relax Tammy, it's just my fist. It's in right up to my wrist. When you get used 
to it I'll give you your first fist fuck."

"Please Billy. No. It hurts. Take it out. Please Billy".

"Relax Hunny, it'll be all right."

Then he started and I screamed. Billy kept on fucking my pussy with his fist. It 
hurt, like hell, and just kept on hurting.

"Billy. Please. Stop. It. Hurts."

"Relax doll. I can feel your cervix. I'm going to try to get into your womb."

"No Billy. Please. I'll die. Stop. Pleaseeeeeeeee!"

"I can feel it opening honey, just a little more and. That's it. It's open, Holy 
fuck. My hand's in your womb."

I looked down through tear streaked eyes and saw he was almost up to his 
elbow in me.

"Hunny, your the kinkiest girl I've ever fist fucked."

How many women had this shit fist fucked?

"Yeoh! It hurts! Pleas Billy! No more! Take it out!"

"Relax Hunny, it's all the way in. now I'll make you cum."

"No Billy. Please. No. No more..."

"I'm I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm cummmiiinnnggg."

He fist fucked me for what felt like hours, until I passed out. I woke up with his 
cock dumping a load in my ass. 

"Did you enjoy that Hunny?"

"No Billy. It hurt like hell. Please don't do it again."

"Relax Hunny, It'll be much easier next time."

"No Billy please."

Next time was the following night. and the next night and the next . I never got 
to like it or even enjoy it. But Billy wanted to shove his fist into my womb so I 
let him shove his fist into my womb. 

	"OK Hunny, I want you to kneel up and spread your knees, that's right. 
Now put your head on the pillow. Now relax. I'm sorry but this will hurt."

"What're you going to do Billy?"

"I'm going to fist fuck your ass Hunny."

"No Billy. Please No. My pussy was bad enough. I can't take your fist in my... 
Yeoh!"

"Relax Hunny, I'm using plenty of lube."

"Please. Billy. No. It. Hurts. Yeoh!

"Hold on Hunny. Four fingers in, Now. My. Thumb. And..."

"Yeoh! Please Billy. Stop. It hurts. Please. St..."

"Just my wrist to go. Relax Hunny. Almost. There. That's it. All in."

"Yeoh! Argh!"

"Relax Hunny just get used to it before I start."
 
"Please. Billy. No. More. It. Yeoh!"

"It's OK Hunny. I'm just going to rotate it a little before starting the fist fuck in 
earnest."

"Please. Billy. No. More. It. Yeoh!"

The fucker was now moving his fist in and out. Slowly at first, then faster and 
further. Eventually he was pulling his hand right the way out and then pushing 
it all the way in. At least he wasn't going up to his elbow like he did in my 
pussy. 

"Please. Billy. No. More. It... I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm 
cummmiiinnnggg."

Eventually I passed out. I woke up with A fist in both my holes. The fucker 
was double fisting me. I'd never heard of such a thing. Hell before I met Billy 
I'd never heard of fist fucking or water sports, as he called it. 

The following night Billy said he was going to find out just what I could take. 
Anyway to cut a long story short, I ended up sleeping with a whisky bottle 
embedded in my pussy and a beer bottle all the way up my ass. Did I enjoy 
it? hell no. Did I cum? Hell yes. Did I want him to do it again? Hell no. Did he 
do it again? Hell yes, and again and again and again. 

We'd been married for about a year. I'd let Billy do anything he wanted. Fist 
fuck my ass and pussy, right into my womb. Shove bottles into me. Shove his 
cock right down my throat. Piss in my mouth. Go out with him wearing very 
revealing clothes with cum trickling out of my pussy and ass. However up 
until now it had been strictly between him and me. 

One night Billy's brother Mike came around, as he did once a month or so. I 
had just brought in the coffee.

"Mike, do you think Tammy's pretty?"

"I'll say she is."

"Tammy take your clothes off so Mike can see the rest of you", Billy said 
matter of factually.

"No!"

"Come on Tammy, be a sport, get your dress off."

What was I to do. My husband wanted me to strip in front of his brother. I slid 
the straps off my shoulders and stepped out of the loose fitting dress. I was 
left standing there wearing only white nylons, suspenders and patent shoes. 

"Put your foot up on the arm of his chair so he can get a proper look Hunny."

What the hell must Mike think. Me standing there, foot on the arm of his chair, 
pussy wide open. He must think I'm a complete slut. Still Billy wanted me to 
show him so..."

I felt Mike slip a finger into my pussy.

"Mike why don't you take her upstairs and fuck the shit out of her".

"No!" I shouted.

So there we were. Mike lying on the bed. Me sitting on top of him. His cock 
pistoning in and out of my well used arse. Billy came into the room, naked. 
Climbed on the bed and shoved his prick into my pussy. Both men dumped 
their load inside me while I was on cloud nine and shouting obscenities. 

"Do you think she'll take both our cocks in her pussy?" Mike asked while I, 
still naked, was serving coffee.

"She should do," Billy replied, "I shove my arm and whisky bottles in there 
regularly. In fact she'll take us both in her ass. Won't you Hunny?"

"Billy, please no."

Mike was lying on the bed with me kneeling over him, his prick in my pussy.

"Hold it there," said Billy.

He climbed up over my back and shoved his prick right up my pussy on top of 
his brothers.

"See, I told you she could take it."

It wasn't as bad as the whisky bottle or his fucking arm. I was just beginning 
to cum. 

"Lets double fuck the bitch's arse," said Billy.

I was taken aback. Bitch! Bitch! I was his wife. Doing anything he wanted. 
And he called me a bitch!

Billy was lying on the bed with me sitting on him and leaning back, his prick 
embedded in my arse. Mike straddled us and guided his prick right up my 
arse on top of his brothers. They fucked and fucked and fucked. Kinky or 
what? I ended up with two doses of cum in my ass. 

Over the following month Billy allowed, no taught, Mike to fist fuck my twat 
and ass as well as shove monster bottles in both holes. What else could I do 
but let him, for Billy was my husband and owned my body.

One Saturday afternoon Billy invited half a dozen mates over to watch the 
game. As it finished I brought in a tray of coffee.

"Tracy, these are my best mates. Anything I own they own. Therefore they 
own you. Strip."

"No!"

I was standing there naked in front of these six guys. 

"Turn around, bend over, spread your legs, pull your cheeks apart, that's it, 
wider. You know lads Tracy can take my forearm in her twat and my fist in her 
ass at the same time. She takes my prick down her throat. I've had whisky 
bottles in her pussy and ass at the same time. She likes Mike and me to 
shove both our pricks in either her twat or ass at the same time and she likes 
it when I piss in her mouth. She's all yours just don't kill the bitch."

Now I'm not a slut, I just do what my husband bids. I'm not an exhibitionist but 
my husband insists that as many people as possible see my body and if it's 
dripping cum so much the better. I don't like strange things or pricks shoved 
inside me but my husband commands and I comply.

So that afternoon and evening six men used my body in any way they 
wanted. The six pricks dumped in all three bodily opening. I had fists in my 
pussy and ass. My pussy and ass were double fucked and the guys pissed all 
over me. When it was finished and all six were spent Billy shoved a pair of 
whisky bottles inside me. Why did I let him do this? he was my husband.

On Sunday Mike came around with a couple of Labradors. 

"Hi Billy, think she can fuck these?"

He didn't ask me. he asked fuckin Billy. I wanted to scream NO!

"She's fuckin well going to", replied Billy. "Hunny, this'll be a wow!"

"Please Billy, No! Not that! Please say I don't have to fuck... Them!"

"Hell Hunny It'll be great. You'll love it. Bend over that chair and let them see 
your fuck holes."

So there I was, kneeling into an armchair, pulling my buns apart and these 
two black mother fuckers were licking my slit.

"Hey Mike, better put one in the kitchen. He can fuck her later."

"OK Billy."

I heard the kitchen door open and shut.

"Look at the size of that fuckin thing. Good job she's a slut or she'd never 
take that thing. Is that his knot? I've never seen one before. Do you think he'll 
get it inside?" I heard Mike say.

The animal leapt up and straddled me. I felt his hot prick probe around. 

"Spread them wide Hunny so he can get it in. That's it. Now relax and let him 
do his thing."

"Argh!"

"Relax Hunny, it's just his knot. He'll get it in a little while then you'll get the 
fuckin of your life. Spread a little wider, that's it, it's in."

"Argh!"

The knot wasn't as wide as a whisky bottle and the prick wasn't as long as 
some things I'd had had inside me. But it was still bashing against my cervix. 
How degrading can you get letting your husband and his brother have a dog 
fuck you.

He humped harder and faster.

"Argh! I'm cummiinngg. I'm cummiinngg. I'm cummiinngg!"

The animal dumped his load in my pussy.

"Just relax doll," said Mike, "It'll take a while for his knot to shrink. He can't 
pull out until then. He wants you to get pregnant."

I felt Billy's prick press against my mouth. Opening up I swallowed his knob 
end and let him fuck my throat until he dumped his load into my belly. At 
about the time he came the dog pulled free, animal cum gushing out of my 
wide open pussy. 

"Please Billy. No more!"

"Relax Hunny, this'll be even better. What do you think Mike, should he fuck 
her arse?"

"We'll have to plug her pussy first. Got a bottle?"

"No Billy please!"

"What size?"

"Well if you use a beer bottle he'll probably still get his knot in. A whisky one'll 
just let him get his prick in."

"I bet he'll get his knot in even if she has a whisky bottle in her twat."

"Please Billy. Mike. No!"

"Come on Mike, spread her wide, I'll never get it in there. Come on wider!"

"Argh!"

"That's it, wide apart, more, fuckin wider. Nearly there, that's it, we're in. I'll 
push it all the way in so there's only the neck showing."

"Argh!"

"How the fuck's the dog going to get into her ass, there's hardly room for a 
couple of my fingers in there?"

"Don't worry Mike. Either he'll get his prick in or he'll kill her trying."

I couldn't believe my ears.

"Relax Hunny, first part's over now for the dog."

"Hey Billy. What happens if the dog fucks her in the pussy anyway?"

"He'll push the fuckin bottle into her womb. Relax, I'll make sure he goes up 
her ass."

Up my ass he went.   

"Argh!"

"Relax Hunny, he's only got a couple of inches in yet. Still a foot to go"

A foot! A fucking foot.

"Holy shit Billy, he's all the way into her. Only the knot's still outside."

"That'll be in in a few min... There see, it's inside."

"Argh!"

I know. I know. I've had bottles, fists, arms and cocks aplenty inside me. But 
somehow a whisky bottle in my pussy and a dogs' knot in my ass was much 
worse than anything I'd done before."

"Argh!"

"Relax  Hunny, he'll cum soon!"

"Argh!"

"Shit look at that cum spurting out of her ass. He must be dumping a tone of 
the stuff in her."

"Argh!"

"Relax Hunny, almost all over. Soon his knot'll slip out. Hey Mike fetch that 
other whisky bottle and we'll plug her butt as soon as old Blacky's free."

"Please Billy, No!"

So I was kneeling there on the chair, pussy and ass full of dog cum while the 
two brothers bottle fucked both my holes with whisky bottles. I woke up, 
alone, holes still stretched wide with the two bottles. 


Nothing much happened until the following Saturday. Around Noon there was 
a knock on the door.

"Strip Hunny, we have company." 

"Hunny I'd like you to meet Nina," as he showed in a petite and very pretty 
young girl wearing a school uniform. 

"Nina, this is my slut wife Tammy. Tammy what do you think of Nina, isn't she 
pretty."

"She's jail bate," I hissed.

"Relax she's sixteen."

With that he reached up under her school skirt and slid down her panties. 
Nina took off the rest of her clothes until she was standing there wearing only 
ankle socks and trainers. 

"Isn't Nina gorgeous Tammy," said Billy sliding a finger into her shaven black 
snatch. 

"I suppose so," I pouted.

"Nina. In a little while my brother's going to be here with a couple of his black 
friends to fuck my wife. While we're waiting why don't you give me a blow job. 
Show my slut wife how it's really done. 

The naked black kid knelt down, leaned back placing her hands on the floor, 
threw her head right back and swallowed Billie's entire eight inches. 

"See Hunny, isn't she great. No, that's enough, I don't want to cum yet luv. 
Tell you what, want to see my wife take a couple of whisky bottles? Come on 
Hunny, up on the chair and spread em."

Why was I doing this? Why was I letting him do this?"

"Come on Hunny, wider than that, come on, you know you can do it."

I was kneeling up in the armchair, knees apart, pulling my pussy wide open 
while Billy stood there hefting a fucking whisky bottle as the little trollop 
watched, eyes wide open.

"C'mon Hunny, you can do better than that. You know it'll hurt if you don't 
stretch out."

"Argh! Umfh! Argh!"

"At a girl, almost there. Just. A. Little. Bit. Wider. And..."

"Argh!"

"That's it. See Nina, she took it. Now I'll just slide it all the way in. See right 
up to the fuckin neck. OK Tammy, now spread your ass."

"Argh! Umfh! Shit! Argh!"

"See Nina, that was a little harder than the first one but she took it all."

"Are... You... OK Tammy?" she asked hesitatingly.

I looked around and through my tears I saw the juices running down her legs, 
soaking her socks and filling her trainers.

"Want to fist fuck the slut Nina? Come on over here. We'll start with her ass. 
I'll just get this bottle out. There, now ball your fist and shove it in."

"Argh!"

"No don't worry, you're not hurting her. She always makes that noise. Now I'll 
just get this other bottle out and you can shove your other fist in her pussy. 
That's it, shove it all the way in."

"It won't go any deeper Billy."

"You're up against her cervix. If you push hard it'll open and your hand'll go 
right into her womb. Come on, you're only in as far as your elbow, she'll take 
your whole fuckin arm. Push."

"Argh. You're. Going. To. Kill. Me. Argh!"

"No she won't. Come on Nina Push!"

"Argh!"

"That's it, it's going in can you feel it?"

"Shit something's opening!"

"Argh!"

"At a girl push, you'll soon be in up to your armpit. Now fist fuck the bitch. I'm 
going to fuck your ass"

"No Billy, don't. I don't like it in... Argh!"

Serve the bitch right.

"I'm cummiinngg. I'm cumming. I'm cumming!", we both coursed In unison.

"You're ass is so tight luv. I'm cummiinngg!"

As Billy's prick slid out of Nina's' arse her fists slid out of me. Slowly I got to 
my feet. The cum, shit and juices were gushing out of her and staining her 
legs. I felt a little sorry for her. I was about to say something when the bell 
rang. Oh shit. Not the dogs. 

Nina and I were both naked as Billy let Mike in.

"Ni, Mike, this is Nina, I've just fucked her in the ass while she double fisted 
Tammy."

"Hi, Nina. Meet Blacky and Niger, they're going to fuck the shit out of 
Tammy."

"Can they fuck me instead?" the little slut asked.

"OK," said Billy, "But we'll have to plug Tammy first."

So I was kneeling there with two whisky bottles in my openings. Watching as 
the two brothers sorted out the little black trollop. The dogs were locked in 
the kitchen as they started. 

"Come on over here and sit on me so I can get my cock in your ass. That's it 
now lean back, put your hands on the floor. Mike climb on top and get your 
prick in her pussy."

"Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit!"

"Think she can take both of us in her ass?" asked Mike.

"No! Argh! Yeoh!"

"At a girl I knew you could do it."

"Argh!"

"Relax Hunny, soon be time for the dogs," said Billy.

"Argh!"

She was kneeling there, arse full of cum, as Blacky mounted her. Mike guided 
the dog prick into her young pussy.

"That's it, just relax, he'll soon get it all in."

"It's fuckin huge!"

"Relax Sugar, half way there." 

"What the fuck!"

"It's just his knot Sugar. He'll soon get it in."

"No he fucki Argh! Yeoh!"

"That's it it's in. Now just relax and let him fill you with his doggy cum."

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh! Oh fuck. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm 
cummmiiinnnggg."

Blacky dumped his load and the cum oozed out dripping on the floor.

"Now relax Sugar. Blacky has to stay there until his knot shrinks. It could be 
up to an hour."

"Fuckin Bastards, I'm going to kill the fuckin pair of you'"

"Oh no your not. In fact your going to let Nigger fuck your ass in a little while!"

Half an hour or so later, I had made coffee. Have you ever tried to walk about 
with two whisky bottles stuck inside you. Fuckin shit, it hurt. Nina was 
kneeling in the centre of the floor.

"Just have to get a beer bottle into your twat so Nigger has to go up your 
arse," said Billy.

"Don't let him put his fuckin knot inside me Billy."

"Of course I won't. There's no room." 

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh!"

"Relax Sugar, nearly there," said Billy.

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh!"

"Just his knot to go Sugar."

"Please Billy No! "Argh! Yeoh! Argh!"

"That's it. All in. Now relax while he fucks the shit out of you."

Nina was screaming and pleading and screaming. Nigger just kept on fucking 
her arse. 

"Please Billy. No more. Make him stop. Please Billy!"

Serve the fuckin bitch right. It should be me not her. Fuckin sixteen year old 
black kid. 

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh! Oh fuck. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm 
cummmiiinnnggg."

When Nigger eventually pulled free they stuffed another beer bottle up her 
arse. Fuckin shits they fill me with fuckin whisky bottles but she only gets 
beer bottles.

"How was that Sugar?" asked Billy.

"Fuckin assholes. I'll tell my dad and he'll fuckin kill you."

The lads laughed. Of course she wouldn't tell her dad, she loved sex too 
much. Well, they spent the rest of the day fucking the shit out of their new 
black fuck toy. Nina called her mom and said she was going to spend the 
night with a friend. Sunday morning, after I fixed everyone breakfast they 
started in on Nina again. 

"Come over here and sit on my prick," said Billy.

"What the fuck?"

Nina was sitting on Billy's lap, prick up her ass. Mike knelt down in front of 
her and shoved his prick into the same hole as his brothers.  

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh!"

"Relax Sugar, you'll take more than this today," said Billy.

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh!"

I went off into the kitchen. When I returned with three coffees and a coke 
Nina was kneeling, legs apart, cum running out of her wide open ass while 
Mike worked his fist into her pussy.

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh! Fuckin bastard"

Relax sugar, not much more to go   That's it. All in."

""Argh! Yeoh! Argh!" 

"I can feel your cervix. Should I push on into your womb?"

"Please God No. Not that. Argh! Yeoh! Argh!"

"I can feel it opening. Nearly through. That's it. I'm in."

 "Argh! Yeoh! Argh!" 

"Just relax sugar. I can't go any further. I'll start to fist fuck you properly in a 
little while."

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh!"

"No' Please. Take it out. No more!"

As Mike started to gently fist fuck the little black girls womb she began to 
relax and

"I'm cummiinngg. I'm cumming. I'm cumming!"

When she quietened down Mike slowly removed his hand and stood up. Billy 
knelt down behind the little fuck toy, hand covered in K. Y. 

"Tammy come over here and spread this black ass for me. Come on"

Reluctantly, for I knew what he was about to do. I pulled the young victim to 
her knees and spread her ass cheeks while Billy eased his hand into her butt. 
I think Mandy was past any type of protest for she just moaned as his hand 
disappeared into her shit hole.

"Tammy give me that beer bottle, I'll shove it up her pussy."

I don't know when, but somewhere along the line Mandy passed out. She 
woke up with a beer bottle in each of her holes. 

"Fuckin bastards."

"Relax Sugar, have a coke. Soon be time for Blacky and Nigger," giggled 
Billy.

"No it fuckin wont" she hissed.

I watched Nina, kneeling in the middle of the floor, as Blacky shoved his knot 
into her well stretched pussy. An hour later, with a beer bottle in her pussy, 
Niger fucked her ass. 

Around two Billy made a phone call and a little while later his six friends 
arrived to use and abuse the new fuck doll. Not one of them paid any 
attention to me. My pussy and ass were screaming out for action but all they 
wanted to do was fuck the black kid, in all positions and combinations. They 
wouldn't even shove a bottle into me. I tried to fuck Blacky but Billy said he 
was saving him to fuck Nina later on. 

I was horny as hell and none of them were going to help me. So I left the 
living room orgy and went up to my bedroom. Shit I had to get fucked and 
none of those assholes would do it, so I'd find someone who would. I 
showered, shaving my pussy again, even though it didn't need it. Tying my 
red hair in a pony tail and letting it trail down my back I slipped on my white 
suspender belt and matching nylons, the tops reaching right up to my pussy. 
Going back down stairs I picked up my coat and slammed the door behind 
me. I don't even think they noticed.


Zipping up my coat I left our cosy neighbourhood and headed for Boomtown, 
half an hour away. I know, I know, it's a bad area. But that was just what I was 
looking for. I entered the snooker club and walked straight up to the bar. Shit 
I think I've made a mistake. The place is full of smoke. All eyes followed me 
as I sat on the bar stool. I'll have a quick drink and get out of here.

"What can I get you Doll?" a gravely voice issued from the huge black 
barman. 

"You can get me as many cocks as want to fuck me," I heard myself say.

"You say what Doll."

"I'm horny as hell and I want to fuck every black prick in this place. I'll take it 
in the pussy, throat and ass."

"Best get out of here before you get your wish doll," he replied.

I stood up, unzipped my coat and dropped it to the floor. 

"Help me up lads," I said to the small crowd that had begun to gather.

They helped me up onto the bar. Kneeling down I picked up a beer bottle and 
shoved it straight up my pussy. Reaching behind me I spread my ass cheeks.

"Will someone shove a bottle into my fuckin arse!" I hissed.

Well I goy my wish. While two of the black lads bottle fucked me the barman 
unzipped his pants and shoved his prick into my face. 

"I hope you know what your doing little honky. You're going to get the fucking 
of your life."

Shit he was big. Still."

"Gulp. Glug. Argh!"

"Hey lads this honky's trying to swallow my cock."

"Glug. Umfh!"

"Holy shit, she's doing it. Come on Doll. You can do it. Hey lads, I'm in all the 
way!"

I could feel his knob end enter my belly. I hoped he would let me breathe. 
Just then I felt the bottles being removed. The cock withdrew from my throat 
and I was manhandled on top of a guy who slid his cock into my pussy. 
Someone climbed onto my back and another cock slid into my ass. Shit they 
were big. The barman's cock invaded my belly again. Thankfully he allowed 
me to breathe often. 

"This Honky's hot," said the barman as he shot his load directly into my belly.

As the other two guys finished I said, "I want two big cocks in my pussy at the 
same time!"

I got my wish, with a bonus cock in my mouth. Then I had two cocks in my 
ass. 

"O. K. guys, who wants to stick his fist in my twat?"

"Recon you can take this?" the barman asked showing me an enormous 
hand.

"Reckon I can. Just use some lube."

He picked up a pat of butter and shoved his hand into the middle of it.

"Stretch her pussy wide fellas, I need all the room I can get."

 "Argh! Yeoh! Argh!" 

"Want me to stop doll?"

"Fuck no, get your fuckin fist in there. Argh! Yeoh! Argh!"

"I've got it in. Now I'm going to give you the fist fucking of your life."

"Deeper, shove it deeper. Right up to my cervix. That's it. Now push right 
through. Fuck push harder Argh! Yeoh! Argh! That's it, it's opening. Straight 
through into my womb. Come on push. Push. Argh! Yeoh! Argh!"

"Do you believe this fuckin bitch, she's taken my whole forearm," he 
announced to the crowd of spectators.

He was surprisingly gentle as he fist fucked my pussy. 

"Stick you're other fuckin fist into my arse!" I hissed.

"You got it Doll."

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh! Oh fuck. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm 
cummmiiinnnggg."

I passed out sometime later. When I woke up the barman was standing 
beside me.

"Had enough Doll?"

"Hell no. I want to fuck all night."

Well I did, fuck, suck, fist, bottle. I don't know how many black dicks I took, or 
how many fists. All I know is that I came and came and came. Around 
midnight I was kneeling on the bar, covered in cum, with a whisky bottle in my 
ass and another in my pussy. The lads were sitting around, I think shattered.

"Why the fuck did you do this doll?" asked the barman. 

I told him. All about my marriage, Billy, Mike, their mates, the dogs and 
Mandy. When I had finished he looked mad as hell.

"Please Doll, describe this Mandy."

"We'll she's sixteen, very small, shaved pussy, round face, very black, navel 
ring. Ok and a small scar on her top lip."

"That's my fuckin daughter!" he boomed, "Where are they?"

I told him and he told me what he was going to do.

"Lads, come on we're going to kill some honkies!"
	
I was left kneeling on the bar with the bottles inside me. Gingerly climbing 
down to the floor I made my way to the phone.

"Billy? Thank fuck. Listen Mandy's dad and a gang of his mates are on their 
way to the house. When they catch you they're going to cut your balls off and 
shove baseball bats so far up your arses they'll come out your mouths. 
What? I told them? Why? I'll teach you to fuck your little doll and ignore me. 
Billy. Billy. Where the fuck are you." The phone went dead. 

Half an hour later the guys returned, with a naked, cum streaked Mandy and 
the dogs. 

"The fuckers got away," the barman said, "But you were right about what they 
were doing to my Mandy."

Gently he withdrew the bottles from me. 

"Say what's your name Doll?"

"I'm Tammy, pleased to meet you."

"Hi, I'm Martin. This is Mark, Tom, Andy, Ben, Barry, Carl, Dan, Fred and 
Garry."

"Hi lads, I hope you liked fucking me. I'd like to repeat it. As often as I can."

"Better hold on their Doll or you might get your wish, right now," replied 
Martin.

Bending forward and spreading my cheeks I said, "Please yes!"
Two hours later I was lying on the bar well and truly satisfied, with a whisky 
bottle, once again, in each hole. 

Martin asked, "Want me to run you home Doll?" 

"What for? You frightened off my prick of a husband. I need to find 
somewhere else to live and a fuckin job."

"You can stay with us. My wife's long gone. You can work in the bar. I'm sure 
the lads would like that."

I woke up with the sun streaming through the windows. Gingerly I stepped out 
of the bed. 

"Hello?" I shouted. 

A smiling Mandy arrived. "Hi Tammy, dad says you should wear these. 
Shower's down the hall."

The warm water washed away the caked on cum and revived my aching 
body. I pulled on the 'clothes' Red fishnet crop top, matching pleated skirt 
barely covering my pussy, Red nylons and black thigh boots.  Shit I looked 
like a slut, but, I suppose that's what I was.

I entered the living room.  

"Wow girl! You look hot enough to fuck right here!" said Martin. 

"Dad!" shouted Mandy. 

"You're one to talk you little slut. Letting those white honkies fuck you and 
then fucking dogs!"

"I'm sorry dad. H-how can I make it up to you?"

"If you can fuck those white honkies you can fuck my mates. I'll meet you at 
the school gates."

She left and Martin said, "Did you really enjoy yourself last night?"

"Hell yes, but I could have done with fucking the dogs."

"They're out the back. Do you want me to bring them in?"

"One at a time," I replied. 

After Blacky had dumped his load in my pussy and slipped his knot back out.

"You'll have to stick a bottle in my pussy or Nigger'll not fuck my arse."

"If I didn't hate your husband for what he did to my daughter I'd hate him for 
naming those dogs."

"It wasn't him, it was his brother Mike."

"I'm going to kill them both if they ever show their faces around here again."

"No not that, a beer bottle."

"Why not the whisky bottle?"

"It'll be too tight."

"If you can take two whisky bottles you can take a whisky bottle and a dog 
cock."

"Please no. Stop. Argh! Yeoh! Argh! Oh fuck."

Nigger had his knot in my arse with the whisky bottle embedded in my pussy.

"Argh! Yeoh! Argh! Oh fuck. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm cummmiiinnnggg. I'm 
cummmiiinnnggg."

The dogs were out in the kitchen and I was kneeling in the middle of the living 
room with a whisky bottle in each hole. 

"Open wide Doll," said Martin as he shoved his prick down my throat. Don't 
worry I'll let you breathe."

Let me breathe he did, until he dumped his load straight into my belly. I 
collapsed onto the floor, ass in the air. Martin insisted I keep the bottles 
inside me until it was time to fetch Mandy. I sat beside him in the car, dressed 
as in the morning. Well, if I was a slut I might as well look like a slut. 
	
Back in the house Martin cooked a meal, he was very well house trained. 
After I cleared away the dishes we prepared to open the bar. Mandy was still 
dressed in her school uniform. 
"Mandy, come over here," he said. 
Reaching up under her skirt he slipped down her panties and she stepped 
out of them. 

"Take off your bra," he commanded, Now tie your blouse up under your tits. 
Like I said Hunny, you let them white honkies fuck you so you can let my bros 
fuck you. Don't worry Mandy, there'll be plenty left for you."

The word had gotten around. By eight the place was packed.

"Showtime," I said to Mandy handing her a beer bottle and picking up a 
whisky one. 
We both climbed up onto the bar, handed the bottles to two lucky guys and 
pulled our cheeks wide apart. 
By closing time I could hardly walk. I'd had so many pricks in me I'd be 
peeing and shitting cum for a week. They loved shoving their fists into my 
womb and arse. Most of all they liked watching me get dog fucked in the arse. 
Mandy kept pace with me and by the end of the evening they had forced 
whisky bottles into her arse and twat. 

The Following morning Martin woke me up with coffee, toast and a boiled 
egg. After a shower I went down to the living room, naked. Mandy was sitting, 
naked, watching some talk show on TV. 

"No school today?" I asked.

"Na, dad's taking us out to buy some new outfits."

"Here put these on Tammy," said Martin handing me a small pile of clothes.

What he handed me was; Long white tee shirt that just about covered my ass, 
White nylons and suspenders. 

"I can't go shopping wearing this. I'll get arrested."

"Wait till you see my outfit," said Mandy as she headed for her room. 

"I want to show both my girls off," Said Martin.
"What do you think?" asked Mandy.

Shit, she was wearing a white string dress, black belt, white knee high socks 
and a pair of trainers.

"I think we're both going to get arrested." I giggled.

To say that we turned heads is a complete understatement. You didn't have 
to look very close to see our boobs, pussies and asses through the revealing 
outfits. I, tall leggy blond was holding one of Martins hands while the 
diminutive Mandy was holding the other. We must have been a sight. 

"We're going in here first," said Martin matter of factually.

"Oh shit," I said.

"Why here?" asked Mandy.  

As we went through the door of the Tattoo Parlour I noticed the antiseptic 
smell. 

"Hi Mark," said Martin. "Tammy, Mandy, you remember Mark? You should do, 
he's fucked both of you in the ass the past two nights."

"Hi Mark," we both said. 

"What can I do for you?" he asked.

"The girls would like some piercing," Martin replied. 

"No!" I shouted.

"Cool," said Mandy. 

Ignoring my protestations Martin just said two words, "Strip ladies."
So there we were standing in our shoes and stockings and shaved pussies. 
"They want Tong studs, nipple rings, navel rings and clit rings," Martin said 
matter of factually taking our approval for granted. 

"No I don't!" I shouted. 

"Do you want me to shove my fist up your arse?" Martin asked.

I pouted and kept quiet. Thankfully Mandy had her piercings first. The navel 
and nipple rings went easily enough. Mandy yelped a bit when her clit was 
pierced. She didn't like the tong piercing one bit, in fact she cried. Then it was 
my turn. He started with my navel, not much pain. Next my nipples, a little 
sorer. My clit, shit that hurt. My tong piercing was horrendously painful. 

When Mark had finished would you believe the pair of them fist fucked our 
arses before dumping a load of cum in the same holes. Obviously Martin 
didn't worry too much about incest. 

Next on to the boutique, run by Tom and Andy, where Martin selected several 
very revealing outfits for each of us. In the jewellers, owned by Ben, we each 
had a chain linking our nipple rings and another between our navel and clit 
rings. As we headed back to the club my arse was smarting somewhat from 
the various pummelling's it had just had. 

That evening in the club we wore only short tee shirts, nylons and boots. Just 
before opening the doors Martin had us kneel on the counter and shoved four 
whisky bottles into us. 

One thing was for sure, life was never going to be dull again. I would never 
be taken for granted. I was always going to be full of cum and Nina wouldn't 
upstage me ever again.  



