Exhibitionist in me: letting brother watch me 
by vespastep1

My exhibitionism grown to my brother. He masturbated too.

So. As i mentioned before how i became an exhibitionist, here iam rubbing my self in the living room on the sofa. My two fingers were deep inside pussy and i was rubbing my clit with my other hand. The sensation started, i was getting sweatier, and my clit started to get very sensitive. I was moaning louder and louder, i was near to cum, when i heard my brother's car sound in the garage.

I was nearly there so, i calculated and started rubbing my self faster, i heard the voice of his car got parked, the thought of getting caught made it more sensual, i felt a jolt of excitement running through my spine and i started to cum, I was jumping on the sofa, rubbing my clit strong and fast. I had the best one of the best orgasm of my life.

I herd the car door getting closed and he started walking toward the main door, i jumped. I had no where to go. We had a three sofa sets, facing toward the large led TV . So, i hid behind the sofa. I saw him coming into the house, saw him passing by the living room.

I moved a little back cause he was going to cross the sofa where i was hiding, i got to the adjacent sofa and hid behind it. It was so exciting to see him, and the feeling of getting caught cause i was naked in the living room while my little brother, passing through. Saw him walking up the stairs to his and heard his door closed.

My legs were heavy but i was feeling more and more horny now. I started moving toward my room. But the problem was my room was exactly opposite to my brothers room. My heart started to run fast, and at the same time, i was getting wet by thinking, what will happen if and only if he opens his door and find me naked in front of his door, what will happen will he like that, looking at his sister, standing naked, a thought crossed my mind.

I reached my door, opened it, got inside, and i was standing in the door way holding my door open, and Looking at my brothers door. I was now calm that i have reached my room, suddenly a naughty thought came to my mind. I just wanted him to look at my body. So i closed the door but, did not closed it all the way.

And before closing it, got out of my room a few steps far and I made a loud thumping noise and ran into my room, so that he knows about my presence.

My bed was faced opposite the door exactly so, if anyone opened it can see my whole bed. I jumped onto my bed, got my headphones plugged it in my phone and started playing porn, I was already wet so, I started playing with myself.

My little naughty plan started to work, I heard his door being open . I lowered the voice a little on my mobile, so i can hear him. He started calling out my name. " Sarah?..is that you?.."

I started smiling and pretend to be lost in my phone, I saw him reaching for my room so, i started moaning louder and louder. I could see his Shadow standing in the door way.

I held my phone in way that, I can see him at the door and also, look at my phone at the same time. I spread my legs a little more wider and was ready to put on a show for my brother, I was rubbing my pussy faster and faster. Making loud moans. Then i saw my little brother head peeking through the door looking at me, playing with her self.

i saw his face, he was in shock to see me masturbating. I rubbed pussy faster and spread my pussy lips apart, I closed my eyes for like three seconds and opened to find him goan.The feeling of someone looking at me is incredible, I never felt anything like this before. I was near to get an orgasm, i was disappointed.

He was not there. 'He must have thought that, it was wrong' and then I saw his show still waiting outside. His shadow was moving left to right then then stopped. 'He may be fighting with himself, to look or not' i thought to my self.

So, I shouted a loud moan " FUCK ME.....!!!!..FUCK ME.. HARDER...!!!!!!". The door was opening again, and i saw the head of my brother peeking through.

Now, when saw him. A jolt of excitement ran through spin to my ass. I putted my phone down now, and turned in doggy style. I opened my drawer on left and took my 7" Dildo, I lubed it up and started to fuck my self. I rubbed my pussy with one hand and fucked my self with other.

It was incredible. I started to moan loud and loud, even may be neighbours could have heard me. I was screaming with pleasure. And I came so hard that I never ever felt anything like this. I was shivering and jolts of pleasure just coming right after one another. " AAAAAHHHHHHH........UMMMMM........YEAHHH.......FUCK ME... UMMMMHHH...FUCK ME HARDER....AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH............." I screamed. It was like ocean of pleasure just hitting again and again. I could not take it, and passed out. Collapsed on my bed with dildo still in my pussy.

I was out for about 5 min, everything was blur and my heart was still beating fast. My hands, my legs., my whole body was numb and recovering from the best orgasm of my life. I slowly raised my head and saw my door was halfway opened, and my brother's door closing. I heard the sound of closing door.

I realized that may be he came in and looked at me when I was out. I cannot explain what i felt, but it was a good feeling. Knowing he saw me naked up close.

As the lust left my body, I started feeling a little bit guilty of what I did, I showed my naked body to my own brother and not even that I masturbated. And For letting him watch, as all of us feel after masturbating. After a minute i calmed myself down and life came back to my legs, i stood up, closed the door and gone back to sleep.

I was out for few hours, then i felt a littel spanking on my ass, and i surly felt some little slaps on my pussy too. I barely opened my eyes looked around, and saw my mom standing right next to me.

"Wake up sleeping beauty" mom said.

" Hey, mom what up!!" I said.

" Just look at your self, how are you sleeping? ," she told me and i raised my head to found that i was still sleeping naked, just blanket covering only my boobs, my ass and pussy was on display.

I realized mom was a little bit angry looking at me like this but I also realized that its my moment now, if don't own it, mom will scold me so, i just pushed the blanket around my ass, just barely covered my pussy and closed my eyes again and said " well, can girl have some privacy in her own room."

My mom was flushed from my words and said " well young lady you can have your privacy in your room. But lock your door first". I was surprised by what she said "You are naked, if any of your brothers would have came in instead of me, what would have happened then huh..? " My mom asked.

I reached for my t shirt, and sat up, while wearing my t-shirt i said " well mom, first of all they should Knock on my door, and if I don't answer they should leave don't they mom? " I asked her " i never just barged in their room, i respect there privacy, and even if they barged in my room while I'm naked, they should be the one who feel sorry. This is my room i can do whatever i want right? ".

Mom looked at me, she was out words and said " well you got some mouth young lady, well anyway you're right but even if its not your fault you should be careful your brothers are not kids anymore, they are young and raging with Harmon. I don't want them to see you naked as they used to when you were young, so at least lock your door, then do whatever you want ". I was in shocked then again she said " Family meeting in 20, get DRESSED, and come down to dining hall".

As she was leaving I asked her

"MOM.. Can I ask you something" She turned to me and said " Yes of course honey anything you want "

I hesitated a little bit but asked any way.

" MOM, you did not scold me Or got angry when you found me naked, is it okay, can I stay naked."

She was little surprise for my question but then she answered.

" Well look you're young, and beautiful and in I know how you want to display your body to everyone. " My mind blown when I heard how right she was, I was feeling that. She continued " And I know you like it too. May be you got that from my side. Your dad also like it but not that much. I was once again blown.

I nervously asked " So you guys. Like to get naked all the time?. " She laughed and said " Well of course yes. Who wouldn't want that. Your dad and I used to be that way all the time before you came in this world." I was getting shock after shock here. " Well after that we, decided that not to be like that again.

I felt so guilty for some reason so I said " Sorry, mom " She said " Hey sweety please. " And she hugged me " It's not your fault we decided that, because we became parents, not because of you" I felt a little bit relief she continued " Well, if it's make you any better" She got close to my ear and said " We do get naked whenever you guys not around. I was looking at her smiling. Then she said again." Look, I said this to you to make you feel better, but none of this should ever leave this room. Okay. " I nodded in agreement.

She kissed me on my cheek and left. When she left i got into the shower, cleaned myself. Wore my small length night shorts and a spegetti top, i open my door and saw some cum stains on the bottom of the door frame,I he masturbated too. I thought to myself, i was disgust that my brother came all over my door. But a little tingling sensation ran into my pussy and i realized that he came while watch me naked. I just took a deep breath and just head to kitchen.

Everyone was waiting for me at the dinner, i looked towards mike and noticed that he checking me out, i saw him looking at me from top to bottom. And i swear i saw him adjusting his shorts, that gave me little chill.

i entered the kitchen and said " good evening everyone, i see we are having a dinner together after 3 weeks," my mom gave me a sharp look, she noticed my sarcasm in my speech. " What's the special occasion " To which dad said " Yes, we are and also for a good reason " everyone got his attention, " Well you know we all go to grandma every year, well this year we are not going. We have to postpone it for another month." Everyone shouted "NOOO..... " He raised his hand to calm us down and said" I know, I know but your mom and i have to go to Italy for three weeks, we have to cancel the plan. For this month. "

To that Daniel said " Well we can go there by ourselves. We are old enough for that. " Me and Taylor agreed to that,

Mom and dad looked at each other and said " Well you are right you can go by yourself but it's a long way to go, are guys sure you can go. " " Yes" We all said. " Ok then you guys go there we'll meet you there in one month".

I was excited for our trip cause you see when granny passed away she left us our family house. We live in city because of mom and dad job, that house is not just a house it's a mansion, a fucking huge mansion. It's a resort in its self, we have a swimming pool and big trees covering all around the property.

And lake behind, according to granny the whole lake comes under our property but due to some legal issues., grandpa had to loose half of the lake property. It's taken care by a lady called Ms.Cindy . Dad called her and told her that we were coming, so she can clean the house for us.

I knocked on my brothers door to ask when we'll have to leave, Taylor open the door and was shocked to see me, may because of our encounter yesterday. "Hey. Do you know when we'll be leaving I want have to start packing, I need time to pack my things" I asked. He was checking me out from top to bottom. That was send some small tingels in my pussy. " Well. I don't know actually. I did not asked dad about it yet. " He was staring at my panties " May be tomorrow I guess " He said stammering.

Ok I said and walked to door but slowly so he can stare at my ass. I walked sexy on purpose. And closed my door. Got on my bed and Musterbated. In the evening I got know that Daniel have some work at the university so he also stay and he'll join us after a week or two. So it was just me and Taylor leaving for the vacation, we packed our bags and we were ready.

We said goodbye to Daniel. Mom and dad was also leaving to the airport so we dropped them first and headed to our family house. It was a 36 hours drive. We could have taken train there but we decided to go by road. On our way we talked about so many things. Our new hobbies new relationships new friends

I asked him about his girlfriend but he said they were broke up two months ago. And he has no interest in dating. We talked about college and many things

We drove for hours and ate at some restaurants we saw. Then stopped at a gas station to buy some snacks. We were 7 hours away from our destination. It was getting too hot. I was taking photos of the mountains and fields so, Taylor stopped the AC, I was wearing a tight jeans and a tight t-shirt

I asked Taylor to stop at some gas station. But he said next gas station is one hour away he asked why. I said I have to change, these clothes are not for long drives like this. I am getting all sweaty and I think I am getting sick due to this AC.

He didn't say word for a mile then I felt the hesitant in his voice when he said " Why don't you change in the backseat, there's plenty of room there. I just looked at him in a little shock but got excited how he wanted me to change. May be he wanna peak at some goods what he saw few days ago.

I said ok and got into back seat. I took out my bag and found a tight yoga shorts, and low cut loose tank top. I saw Taylor adjusting the mirror. And that send some socks in pussy. I felt my pussy getting wet. So I decided to put on some show for him. And, I started taking my jeans off, but it was so tight that i cant do it sitting so, I got on knees and turned my ass towards the front seat.

I knew that he's gonna enjoy it. I tried to pull down from my ass, but it was so tight that my panties started getting off with it. I let that happens so he can take good look at pussy. I was actually struggling to take it off he heard my struggling noise. And asked "hey, you ok back there " I turned and looked in mirror he was looking at me and my bare naked ass too.

I noticed he was looking at me and my pussy was getting wet and wet, " This fucking skinny jeans it's hard to take it out, don't worry I'll get it," I said. " Ok the then" He said, but kept looking in the mirror. After 5 whole minutes I took it out.

I was exhausted and out of breath. I rested my head and my legs were open apart and my pussy was on display I looked at the mirror and he was gawking at me like a hungry wolf. I was enjoying this, my heart was pumping fast, I stayed in that position for some time then, started taking my shirt off. And continued my show. But my show had to stop because my hand got stuck and my T-shirt got stuck in my neck.

I struggle for a minute but I started suffocating. My hands were up and I called " Hey Taylor. I am stuck here(it was like I was a poor girl who get stuck in porn movies and there brother comes to help them) can you help me". He said " What happened"

"I got stuck in this stupid t-shirt please help me" I said, he then stoped the car on the side and turned at me. My hands were in air stuck above my head " I can't breathe, Taylor". I said " Woah.... Sarah why are you naked. " He asked. " I was changing smart head! What do you think? ". I yelled cause it's was not sexy anymore, I was suffocating. " Help me".

"Alright sis! Alright" He said and came back, and started taking my shirt off. He put his hand under my chin and pulled the neck hole till my mouth so, I can breath. Then he hold the T-shirt from the back and pulled with full power. He fell in the front seat and I fell on him. My lips just land on his chin and his lips on my nose and upper lips.

We almost kissed each other, then I got up and covered my self with T-shirt. He got up and asked me if am fine I said yes, then he just sat there."well thanks for your help, i thought I'm gonna die in there." I said. He was peeking at my pussy, then got up and started driving.

I felt so embarrassed yet, horny at the same time. I put on my top and yoga shorts. Then asked him if I can stay in back seat i wanted to take a nap. But really I wanted to touch my self. He said ok, 6 hours later he stopped at a gas station and said he's gonna go for bathroom. I took out my yoga shorts and started touching myself, imagining my self fucked by Taylor.

He was taking time to come out. So, I guess he was masturbating too. That turned me on so much, he must be imagining me while touching himself. I rubbed my pussy like crazy. I imagine he's fucking me like crazy, I started fingering my self, and I came hard, I squirted all over the front seat. I came out of my ecstasy, when I saw Taylor coming back, I looked for my shorts but they were wet in my cum, they were drenched, he was getting closer.

I looked in my bag a saw a skirt. But I did not had a chance to wear them, so I just spread them across my legs like I am wearing them. He stand at door and asked "so you need anything." I said " No, I am fine by the way how long we have to go?, " He said 1 more hour. I said fine.

We sat in driver's seat and saw my cum drenched shorts, I didn't realized but I had threw them in front seat. He picked it up and asked " Hey sis why are they wet? " I just took it from him and told him " I just spilled some water on them, it became see through so I changed them. You have already seen enough today, I don't want you too see more. "

" Hey, its not my fault you get naked first, then change. " He said with a smile. " How else do you suppose to wear then?. I had always wear like that. " I asked. " Well, I don't mind how you wear them, but I am not guilty of seeing you naked, it's just that I've always seen you naked all the time when we were young. I didn't think it was a big deal to you". He said it like it was nothing.

"Yes, but we are not little anymore, and also I've never seen you naked since we were kids, that's not fair. " I said, with a naughty smile. He smiled back and said " You'll see me if I get to change my clothes on our way back to home, " And laughed at me "you are so bad" I said and smiled.

He started the car and we left the gas station. Some time later when he was busy I wore my skirt and came into front seat. I was naked under my skirt and the skirt was just long enough to cover my bubble but.

My left butt was on display to him. He kept looking at it whenever he got the chance to look. I noticed that, but stayed that way so he don't feel guilty. We enter our home town and saw there was not as many people as they were used to. I asked my brother why there so less people on the street.

"I don't know sis, it's strange I've never seen this street so empty, even that gas station was empty, in the toilet paper section they were no toilet paper left in the store. I wanted some chocolate to buy for you, but they were also gone"

He said.

We reached our house and saw mrs. Cindy standing on the front door, I came out of the car and hugged her. She welcomed us then asked for our brother, I told her he'll be here I one weak. Then she said " I don't think so dear" We were looking at her confused " You guys don't know it's the pandemic. They lockdown the country ".

 