How to Get Hired
by policywank©


Leticia had found the firm right out of law school.

The firm's strategy was simple. Focus on governments where corruption is most 
rampant and the most dollars are at stake. Hire smart, capable and super hot 
women who were prepared to whore themselves out for money and power.

At the top of the game the money was huge, the power was huge and the demands 
were huge. So they had to be women who liked the work too. Who could reconcile 
their abilities with their whorish desires.

Leticia had been identified at the age of sixteen. The firm had waited 
patiently, as they do for all of their prospects.....and provided a nudge if 
possible and required. 

None was required for her. She excelled in all fields academic, athletic and 
womanly. By the time she was seventeen she was a modestly petite, curvy 36D 
Latina who could make grown men bend to her will with a smile on their face. And 
by the time she was seventeen it was clear she wanted them around and knew how 
to get what she wanted....a cock tease gets a ride in a Ferrari......a mouth 
whore, three-way girl got a Ferrari, if she knew her craft.

After extensive interviews and with her stellar academic credentials, the slut 
test was all that remained. She was invited to the senior partner's office. She 
was just like all of the partners she could see - hot, overtly sexy and scary 
smart.

When she got there, the partner was still meeting with the assistant to the 
ambassador of Congo. Predictably, the senior partner had to excuse herself 
briefly -- Leticia was pretty fucking smart herself so she had some thoughts on 
where this was going. She had a good feeling she was a shoe-in and was feeling 
like a member of the firm.

As a dozen or so senior partners from the next room watched through one-way 
glass, she almost immediately struck up a conversation with the big black man in 
ceremonial robes. On script he worked his way up to ask if she was the girl the 
senior partner had promised him...."you know the girl to do the things my wife 
won't do. You are far more beautiful than I had dared hope"

She replied "what is the purpose of your visit today with the partner."

"We are selecting a law firm to represent us."

"If I am your girl, will this firm get the business."

"Well......"

"I must know for certain if you want to stuff your cock between these big 
luscious tits. That is what you want, no?" She stood and peeled off her jacket 
to reveal a tight white blouse and no bra containing a spectacular set of 
slightly coffee coloured fuck muffins.

"Perhaps you are uncertain" as she unlatched and unzipped her short skirt and 
let it fall to the ground.

Having removed her panties before the interview she stood before him with 
nothing but 4" strapped heels and a thin white button down shirt ending at her 
waist.

She opened her shirt top two more buttons, so that the shirt had only two lower 
buttons left and was barely holding her spectacular deep cleavage.

"OK Mr. Ambassador (they both knew he was an assistant and neither 
minded)......I will count to three" as she moved closer and moved her hands from 
her shirt to her hips, she thrusts her neatly trimmed pussy towards his face.

"At the end of that count, if you give me an unequivocal commitment to hire the 
firm I will get on my knees and suck on your cock until it is hard and ready to 
bend me over this chair and fuck me in whatever hole you want.....if not I'll 
get dressed."

"1,2,3"

"Well, I think I can...."

"Good bye." As she bent to pick-up her skirt.

"No, no you have it....anything you want."

"You hesitated.....that will cost you." She unbuttoned her blouse, turned her 
ass to him and bent slightly at the waist at looked back over her shoulder. 
"Lick clean my pussy and ass and we shall start again."

This time he obliged. Falling over himself to bury his face in nirvana, he 
almost tripped.

She dictated her terms.

"You shall pay an hourly rate set by the senior partners. You shall give us all 
your business, once per week you may have your way with me, you will lick my ass 
and pussy from behind just like this whenever I ask."

He agreed of course in between licks as he reveled in how luscious ass could 
taste when part of this goddess.

Then just like that she changed her demeanour. She straightened up turned to 
face him then squatted down. She looked up as she pulled open his robe to reveal 
a 12" coke can fat cock.

"Mr. Ambassador, now that I am at your service would it please you if I sucked 
your beautiful fat cock. And if I do a good job will you please throw me up onto 
that desk and fuck me with that monster cock."

She licked his big black balls while she stroked his huge cock even larger. Then 
she nibbled on the head of his cock while cradling his balls. Without her hands 
on his cock she slowly took it into her mouth. Even with her throat as open as 
possible she couldn't quite get it all in.

"I am sorry Mr. Ambassador I can't swallow your entire cock. I will work 
harder."

"No need bitch."

He threw her up onto the table and eased his fat cock into her perfect wet 
snatch. As he felt nirvana wrap herself around his fuck starved cock he knew 
that he was powerless to resist her. 

As he felt his cum heavy balls slap against her perfect tanned ass he looked at 
her and said "you will be my bitch then?" almost unbelieving.

"Once a week for three hours if you give the firm all your work and pay your 
bills on time."

They both knew he was ready to cum. She slipped off the table and swallowed his 
cock as she slid to her knees. She licked and stroked him, squeezing hard 
briefly to keep him from cumming. Then as the pressure built up inside him she 
released her grip and bobbed her beautiful lips up and down on his fat cock 
while he blew his load of cum from months of frustration down the cum hungry 
throat of this angel.

This treatment once a week rather than frustration with his ugly wife? Oh this 
was in the budget for sure.

Oh yeah....Leticia got the job.


 