"I thought you said we are going somewhere over the weekend?" I asked, a little hurt.

I had a memory flash back of how we were before when we were living together in Japan. I fought for his attention when he was the lead singer of the popular boy band. Now, he's got new set of friends, and enrolled in a music school and as popular as ever. I'm still a professor at the university. We decided to move in at my studio since my place is bigger. Now here we are again, back to how it was then. He may not be a singer now, but still, I need to vie for his attention.

"I'm sorry, Yuki. I promised Monique I would go drop by her place." He said, without any guilt, he leaned down, grab a toast and gave me a smack on my cheek. "Adieu, see you later." (Goodbye) Running out the door.

Frederic popped in early in the afternoon with a bottle of wine and a tin of caviar. "Eiri, I'm back. Bearing gifts." He called from the door.

"Frederic!" I was happy to see him, he approached me and kissed both my cheeks and I kissed back, really glad to see him.

Frederic looked around. "So where is the brat ?" he asked, and chuckled, imitating Yuki's term of affection.

Yuki let out a sigh, closing the book he was reading, "Je ne sais pas." He replied. (I don't know)

"Est ce que tu l'as vu?" (Have you seen him?) Frederic asked worriedly.

Yuki got his cigarette and Frederic poured two glasses of wine.

"He said he is going to his classmate's house after school but he would be back soon. He hasn't come home yet." Yuki said, resigned, sitting down again and attacking his work. He was pissed but he didn't want to show Frederic.

But Frederic already knew. Eiri Uesugi hasn't changed. Even way back then when they were kids, he's still needy, clingy and possessive. He is so handsome, everyone admires him but, only a few people know what he is really like. How insecure he was. He clings to the people he loves. His tutor, his brother-in-law, him and now, this partner, his cohabit partner. Everyone mistook their relationship before, everyone who knows Eiri then, knows he doesn't care for gender. As long as he likes the person, that's all that matters.

Frederic walked over to him and handed him the other glass of wine. Yuki finished it with one gulped. Frederic laughed and poured him another. Yes, Eiri has never changed.

When the sun went down over the horizon, the two friends finished two bottles of wine. Frederic was helping Yuki on the couch.

"I told you, you should eat first. You're always been so stubborn." He said, "Whoa!" almost sliding, feeling a little tipsy himself, almost landing on top of the blond.

Yuki was passed out, Frederic stopped and looked at Yuki. "Eiri?" he called, slapping his face gently, he chuckled when the blond only let out a groan.

Frederic trailed his fingers slowly on his friend's face. He never really looked at Yuki up close, now seeing him drunk and sexy, his shirt open dangerously. He didn't know if it's the wine or the man lying there seducing him quietly. He trailed his fingers down the neck, shoulder and chest. Yuki shifted and moaned, his face now inches away from Frederic. Frederic couldn't resist. He leaned down and was about to kiss the sleeping blond.

"Yuki, I'm ho-" Shuichi called out, and was frozen in place when he saw Frederic leaning over Yuki, his bag dropped to the floor.

Frederic almost stumbled when he got up, his face hot and red, he cleared his throat and fixed the collar of his shirt.

"Oh, Shindou. I just got back. Eiri and I were drinking some wine while waiting for you, your husband got drunk so I helped him on the couch." He said, avoiding his gaze. Frederic calls him by his maiden name since Shuichi is too tongue twister for his French tongue.

Shuichi was quiet, looking at his husband sprawled on the couch, unconscious. He didn't reply. But he fisted his hand, wanting to punch Frederic if he thinks he saw what he thinks he saw.

"I better get going now. He was waiting for you, a little grumpy because he was expecting you guys to go out this weekend." He said, grabbing his coat by the door.

Shuichi stopped when he heard what Frederic said. It was his fault again. So, drained, he just let Frederic walked out the door without a word or a backward glance.

He got a basin of water, a towel and a change of shirt for his husband. Yuki has always attended to him. Always. And this time he wants to do his duty as a wife. Shuichi always felt like he was the older one, since sometimes Yuki behaves like a child instead of a grown man. But other than that, Yuki is responsible and mature.

He wiped his face gently, eliciting a moan from the man, changing his shirt. When those eyes opened and locked on to him, he already prepared himself how to deal with him.

"Hi. Are you hungry? Frederic already left he needs to be somewhere." Shuichi said calmly.

Yuki didn't say anything, got up with a groan. He staggered to the bedroom, swatting the other man's hand when Shuichi tries to help him.

So here were are again. Back where it began. Good thing that the house was big, we danced around each other, avoiding each other. You changed your schedule, I changed mine. So whenever you arrive from school, I'm already in bed sleeping. When you wake up in the morning, I already left and was already at the university having my coffee. This is not how I wanted it to be. But I couldn't helped it. One day, I just woke up and said to myself that I'm tired of this set up. All I'm waiting for is for you to tell me that you are moving out.

"Qu'est-ce qu'ill tu fait?" (What has he done?) Frederic asked, when he noticed that Yuki had been staying later and later at the university. And he even spend some of his weekend at the library.

"None of your business." The blond spurted out angrily, grabbing his coat and storming out of the room.

Frederic dropped in at the café where Shuichi work, wanting to talk to the boy. Shuichi tried to avoid him but Frederic grabbed his arm gently.

"Please, I need to talk to you about Eiri." He said, his eyes pleading.

"I got work." Shuichi replied, abruptly.

He didn't want to get mad at Yuki, he knows his partner wouldn't start having an affair with another man, no matter how angry they get at each other. It's this guy.

"I will wait." He said, his eyes pleading. "For Yuki."

I was a little taken aback. He never calls him by that name before. This man knows the real Yuki, he grew up with my partner. I was really jealous at him at first because he knows a lot about Yuki and judging from their relationship now, since they are older, they have grown closer. I couldn't erase the memory of him leaning over Yuki, I wanted to know if he took advantage of Yuki that time. If I walked in too late or did I walked in just in time. I nodded and walked away.

I was tired, on my feet the whole day. I wanted to go home. But I don't want to go home to an empty, dark house. Plus, I don't like the company right now.

"Yuki Eiri is mine, you got that?" those are my first words to him, thumping a hand hard on his chest.

I was hungry and worn out. I wanted to approach Yuki and tell him I'm sorry. But he was avoiding me. And this Frenchman is no help at all. I want to deck him.

"Understood." He said.

Frederic's eyes were sad when he looked at Shuichi. That quieted down the pink-haired wonder.

"He has been acting weird lately, even at work. I tried to get him to talk a lot of times but he always brush me off." Frederic began, he fished out his smokes from his pocket. And Shuichi noted that his hands were shaking.

"I made a mistake. I'm sorry. I was drunk. I should be telling Eiri this but I was too afraid what he would say. Nothing happened." He continued, letting out a relieved sigh.

Shuichi just looked at him, too shock to react.

"I was thinking if he saw me or not. I know he was more drunk than I am and he passed out when I dumped him on the couch. And you walked in while I was about to attempt to kiss him." Frederic said.

"But if he saw you, he would have smacked you by now." Shuichi said.

Frederic blew out smokes. The boy was right. Yuki is not for one to talk but he let his fist do the talking for him.

Shuichi got his backpack, ready to call it a night. Knowing he will going home to an empty house or a dark house if Yuki is already sleeping. Frederic look up.

"Where are you going?" he asked.

"Home. I'm tired and hungry." Shuichi replied.

Frederic smiled, "Come with me, I will treat you to a home cook meal. I know Eiri hasn't been cooking for you lately." He said, with a smile. "It's the least I could do for the trouble. Don't worry about Eiri, he will come around."

Shuichi showed him the bag of leftovers. "No, merci. I got food." He said. (thanks)

"No, I insist. I make a mean spaghetti and carbonarra." He said, tugging at the arm of the pink-haired wonder, and Shuichi let himself be dragged.

When they got Frederic's place. He was surprise to see that its almost identical as Yuki's, bookshelves lined the walls, paintings, pricey décor. A rich bachelor's pad.

Shuichi wasn't surprised when Frederic served the meal with wine. He asked for a soda instead. But Frederic insisted, pouring two glasses of wine.

"No, tonight we both drink." He said.

Shuichi didn't anticipate that he would get drunk and sleepy from just two glasses of wine. But he didn't know that Frederic planned it all along. He put a blanket on his uninvited guest and turned off the light after grabbing something from Shuichi's bag.

Shuichi woke up the next day with a headache, probably because he wasn't sleeping on his own bed that he woke up right on time. Yuki doesn't wake him anymore either so he's got three alarm clocks by his bed side to wake him. He was a little confuse when he sat up, wondering where he was, and then he remembered and bolted up. Looking for his host. But he already left, and Shuichi found a note on his bag.

'….I didn't have the heart to wake you, you look so tired. I packed you lunch, some left over from last night. Please take it. And thank you for the nice chat last night….'

Shuichi grabbed his bag and the lunch, stuffing the note in his pocket. He was worried that Yuki would think differently when he didn't come home last night. But, when he was putting on his shoes. He stopped. No. He said to himself. Yuki stopped that a long time ago. He had stopped caring for me since I had been abusing his patience ever since we were in Japan. He said to himself. He was so emotionally drained that he called in sick for work and school. He dragged himself home and lay down all day.

Frederic knocked on Yuki's office door, "Professor, how about lunch?" he asked, peering in. Yuki ignored him.

Frederic know he would do that so he walked in, earning a glare from the man, placed a book on his desk.

"Oh, forgive me, please give this to Shindou, he dropped it last night when he was over my place." Frederic said, with a smile.

He earned a scowl from the blond, as Yuki abruptly got up from his chair, color drained from his face. "Give it to him yourself." He muttered before walking out with those killer eyes stabbing him.

Frederic smiled. Score one. He grabbed the book again.

Yuki cut his afternoon classes. He feigned a migraine, but he knew that one is about to come with all these stress happening between him and Shuichi. He was surprise when he got home that Shuichi is there, sleeping. He sat on the opposite side of the bed, about to wake him when he saw a paper next to the sleeping figure. He picked it up. It was Frederic's hand-writing. So, his friend wasn't lying, Shuichi was there. He put it back where he found it.

He didn't plan it to last this long, he was ready to give in and talk to him. But after these, he changed his mind. He got up from the bed and grabbed his suitcase and started packing. He was on his way to the airport when he called the university, saying that there is an emergency that he needed to leave the country. Like the last time, Yuki is running away again. And yes, like the last time, he didn't give Shuichi a chance to explain or tell him where he was going.

Shuichi woke up when he heard the front door banged. "Yuki?" he called, he sat up. He saw that the drawers were open, the cabinet doors ajar. He felt his heart stop. No! He said. Not again! Clambering out of the bed, stumbling on the sheet as he rushed to the line of drawers to confirm the worse. He fell on his knees, all of Yuki's clothes are gone. "Why? Why?" he asked, tears pouring down his face.

Frederic was surprised to hear that Yuki bolted. He never expect him to run away again, he was expecting a fight between him and his partner not this. He got a desperate call from Shuichi asking him if he knows where Yuki would go. But this time, Yuki didn't tell anyone. He can't be found.

There was a small breeze by the beach front, there is a blond guy lying under the shade dozing. Everyone who passed him by couldn't resist to take a second look. A red haired guy approached the parasol, blocking the light.

"So, you're still doing the cat and mouse game, Yuki san." Hiro commented. Yuki opened his eyes, and saw Shuichi's best friend standing there, he sat up and Hiro sat down next to me.

"I'm surprised you called me. I didn't know what happened to you and Shuichi, its been five years. Lucky for you I'm rooted in Japan and have the same number." Hiro said, fishing out a cigarette, handing one to the blond.

"I just want to know." Yuki began, letting out a tired sigh.

Hiro glanced at him, "You don't need to ask me that. You know how that pink haired brat feels about you. He would never change, he would always be loyal to you."

"Yeah, loyal my ass. First there's Ryuichi. Now, its my friend, Frederic."

"Wha-" Hiro spurted, his cigarette dropped, almost burned himself. He picked it up frantically. "I know Shui is a little dense sometimes or naïve but I doubt that he would go for a Frenchman. Especially not your friend."

Yuki rubbed his face like washing without water, "I just want him to stop doing that, letting other people take advantage of him and then end up hurting me."

Hiro let out a sigh. "You know when you ran off to France after what happened before. You broke him. You broke him into a million pieces. He was a total wreck. I've known him since we were kids in high school, maybe you cannot change him for what he is. Maybe he needs a little slap now and then to put him in his place, but that guy loves you, Yuki san. He loves you so much that he's got nothing left for himself."

"You think I don't, Nakano? Look at me now, look at how I am because of that brat. People who knew me back then couldn't believed how much I have changed. I moved my entire universe to be with him, he is everything that I am, my life, my path, my words, my action…my everything. I don't think I can ever go back to what I am unless he is with me. Because inside of me, there's him. Inside of me, there's a part of him running through my veins." He tapped his chest, "Inside here. There's only him." Yuki said.

Hiro let out a chuckle, "So what do you need me for? Since you already know your answer." He got up, slap Yuki on the shoulder, "Go back to France, straighten it out, straight him out. Stop behaving like children. Both of you are grown men, married to each other. Work it out like men." And with a wave, he walked away.

Author's note: Gravitation is not mine. This fiction is fan made, all the characters are OOC. This is still in progress. Menege A Trois is a French word describing a relationship with three people often married couple and another lover, share a sexual relationship, although the relationship might or might not involve all three persons having sexual relations with each other. The French phrase literally translate as "household of three." Or best describe as a "threesome." I promise I would update as soon as I can. Please feel free to leave a review. Still trying to improve my grammar and tenses problem so please bear with me. Oh, if you're not into BL or Yaoi, or gay stories, please just passed on by. I didn't oblige you to read this, so don't flag it or leave a nasty comment. You had been warned and advised. So be nice. Thank you.