
Pleasuring Father-in-law 

Jeevan <jeevan80@yahoo.com> 

Me and my wife have been married for 6 years, Im 34 and my wife is 27 shes 53 slim with nice curly brown hair darkish skin, firm ass and body and she has 36 c round firm tits with great nipples. In other words slim with big tits. We have two children, 5 and 3 yrs old and my wife is busy looking after them. She works too leaving the children with my father who is 63 yr of age. I lost my mother long back and my father wanted to get married again but I did not allow that. I said to him that when I get married there will be a woman in the house to do everything for us. I did not mean sex! But after marriage we both saw that he too needed some sex and he was unable to do it as my mom was dead. We felt sorry for him but could not talk out anything with him. He ogled my wife when ever she showed some tits or ass while doing household chores. But we neglected that thinking of his age. 
Recently we found that our marriage was becoming stale and we hardly have sex! We thought of many things but nothing succeeded. Then I read stories on Jeeevans homepage ( http://jeevan80.nightsites.com/) describing wife watching and wife sharing. Then my wife and I discussed the idea of her fucking other guys while I watch many a times. My wife said if I keep talking about it she will be tempted to do it. She said one day she would surprise me. We didnt know anybody, and there was no one in the neighborhood that looked appealing. But when my wife said she was going to surprise me I stopped searching. She said that she had one man in mind who really needed it. I wondered who it could be. 
One day when I came home from office a bit early and opened the front door and was greeted by my wife. She was wearing her gown with al l the front buttons open. I wondered what she was up to. She grabbed me by the hand and said to follow her. She led me in to the bedroom and I could not believe what I saw, I saw my dad, her father-in-law lying on the bed with his eyes closed and his cock hard. His old shriveled cock was about 7 long and pretty hard for a man his age. I was in shock that this old man had such an erect cock and was about to satisfy my 27-year-old wife. My dad looked at me and smiled,  son! You have wonderful wife. She is very caring and is helping me out of great misery. Please do not fight with her. Let me share her with you. Look what she did to my old thing! and he pointed at his cock. I was surprised at his frankness but my wife signaled me to keep quite. 
Then asking me to sit on the bed beside my father, my wife wrapped her hand around FILs (Father-In-Laws) cock and started to stroke it. To see my wife stroking another mans cock that too my fathers, made me hard. She looked at FIL and said, dad do you want to fuck me? Dad nodded. She guided his cock head to the edge of her pussy and slowly I watched dads cock disappear in to my wifes cunt. She placed her hands on his chest and grind her cunt on his cock. Old dad breathed heavy with all the excitement. I think my wife was enjoying it as much as Dad. I told my wife to roll over and let Dad lay on top of her. They got up and old Dads cock was as hard as it could get and coated with a light film of my wifes pussy juices. My wife lay on her back and opened her legs so Dad could have complete access to her pussy. My wife said to Dad I want you lay between my legs and fuck me like Im your wife. Dad looked at my wife and then said to me, your wife has a beautiful body and I am thankful that you have let an old man like myself enjoy the young flesh of your wife. My old wrinkled cock has never enjoyed a choot as much as your wifes tight cunt. You dont mind me having fucking your wife do you!! I said, Dad I enjoy watching other man fuck my wife. We have discussed it for long but could not find deserving and safe males. You are perfect. Nobody will know about this arrangement and all will be limited to our own house. 
The sight of my wife enjoying the feeling of dads cock filling her pussy made me excited. When Dad said I am going to fuck her, my wife spread her legs for her sasurji and Dad drove his cock into her tight choot. I sat and watched as my dad was using my young horny wifes cunt for his cocks enjoyment. The sight of dad fucking my wife was too much to handle so I pulled out my cock and stroked it wildly as I cheered on Dad to fuck my slut wife with his wrinkled dick. Dad thrashed his lund in and out of my wifes choot and fucking her with enthusiasm. My wife was moaning,  Ohhhhh Daddy you fuck so nicely! Ohhh godddd watch your dad fuck my choot you bastard. Your dad is great. At this age he fucks better than you. Ohhh thats it! Ram that lund in my choot! my old dad was giving her great pleasure. Suddenly Dad grunted and arched his back, he was shooting wads if cum deep into my wife choot as I watched her wrap her legs around his waist. Her ass moved up to collect all that old come n her hungry choot. She too came and her body stiffened in the mind-blowing orgasm for the first time after many years. He pulled out his lund and Icould see a string of cum connecting his cock and her choot. She had cum oozing from her choot too. It seemed that dad had stored a lot of that seed in his balls for a long time. I wipe his cum from her pussy and rubbed it on my cock and buried my cock into my wifes freshly fucked choot. As I pushed my lawada in my wifes choot, Dads cum tickled out of her choot. I fucked her hard for about 5 minutes and shot a load in her choot. She now had the spunk of two men in her tight choot. 
Then my wife proceeded to lick our lunds clean, alternating between my and dads lunds. She wiped her choot with her hand and asked me to lick it clean. I tasted both cums and felt so much perverted that I called my wife Randi and harami. But my wife sated me by sucking me to another hardness and then asked me to fuck her asshole. She sucked dad too and climbed on his lund taking it deep inside her choot. I went behind her and fucked her gaand. Both father and son enjoyed the choot and gaand of my wife and that slut satisfied us. 
My wife told Dad any time he was horny &wanted to use her choot for his enjoyment he could fuck her as much as he wanted. My wife was now Dads slut and every once and a while Dad will come over and fuck my wife and has recently started to bring around one of his friends too.  
