JJ needs to earn money to buy condoms.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 22 (MFF, mF, bi, inc, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

On the first hot, sunny Sunday of Spring, JJ got up and went out, offering to mow the neighbors' yards. He had to get some money to go buy condoms or he'd start -- no, he'd *keep* impregnating women, he realized, thinking about Marti's sister Lina.

One of the ladies whose lawn he mowed offered to pay him extra if his sweaty self would come in and help her with something a little more personal, but JJ knew by her wide-open irises that he'd be filling her fertile pussy up if he did that, and so he declined and got the hell away. A few hours later and $60 richer, he collapsed onto his bed. Exhausted, he took off his pants and climbed under the covers for a nap.

---

"Welcome, ladies! Come on in," Mistress Marla said grandly as she let the three women into the brothel's lounge. Waiting for them were two men whose well-defined bodies seemed chiseled from granite, one Latino, one Black, and then John, a pale white man whose body seemed carved from marshmallow.

As per usual, the women ignored John and congregated around the two fit men on the furniture. Mistress Marla had seen this happen again and again, but sometimes...

John came forward with a tray. "Complimentary drinks, ladies?"

One woman, a curvy redhead, gave him a glance and shook her head. Then she blinked and paused before rising to her feet. "Where did you come from?" she asked John as she started to caress his shoulders.

"Been here the whole time, Miss." He turned to the others. "Drink?"

Another woman, a tall, thin, brunette half-Asian, broke off from the Latino boytoy and took a beer from the tray. "Ooh, aren't you scrumptious!"

Marla shook her head. Unbelievable, she thought, though she herself had been enticed by John's "je ne sais quoi", even getting herself repeatedly spermed at the worst time of the month a couple weeks back. She had actually forgotten to go get a 'morning after' pill afterward, but expected her period would arrive any day now. She hoped.

"No thanks," the third woman, an older, frumpy strawberry blonde said, and turned back to her Black paramour.

Two out of three this time, Marla marveled. Sometimes one, sometimes none...she wondered what John's secret was, as she found that he was looking pretty plain at the moment.

The Latino had moved over to the strawberry blonde and was kissing the back of her neck as the other gigolo kissed her lips. "Go have fun with both, dear; two-for-one special," she advised the woman as John took the other two ladies up to his room.

Once ensconced in John's small bedroom, the two fertile women had no chance to get away from his heady scent. Their brains became suffused with his pheromones, which suppressed their higher thought functions as it also ramped up their sexual need and pleasure. Both women took turns kissing him as they all gradually removed their clothing.

John directed them to lay upon each other on the bed, face down, their legs hanging over the edge. The lighter half-Asian woman lay on top of the voluptuous redhead, their vaginas lined up, one above the other. Both were very wet and ready, so John did a little eeny-meeny-miney-moe and then slid into the thin brunette's fertile pussy.

"Ohh!" she moaned as her body reacted favorably to John's bare cock inside her unprotected vagina. Her mind struggled to remember something important: con--something. Converse? Her son had asked for Converse sneakers for his birthday...why was she thinking of sneakers, let alone her son, while getting fucked, she wondered?

John pulled out and slammed his cock into the voluptuous redhead. "Aiie!" she cried, her unused pussy struggling to accommodate him. She had been so lonely lately...her husband had passed away unexpectedly a year ago. Her mind was likewise trying to warn her about something important, something about this time of the month, but as John started to thrust his hard cock inside her, the pleasurable feelings caused those thoughts to fly out of her head.

After a few minutes of thrusting, he pulled out again, but then got the redhead on the bottom to flip over before the brunette got back on top, still facing down. Now both women were face-to-face with each other. "You two should make out," he suggested.

"I've...I've never..." The redhead's mind struggled with the concept, but then the other woman started to kiss her passionately. Soon, she returned that passion, and was rewarded by John's cock slipping inside her again. "Mmf!" she moaned into the other woman's mouth.

John angled his head to watch the two women making out as he switched back to the brunette's pussy. So hot! He wasn't going to last much longer. "Gonna cum soon...you both want it, right?"

"Yeah!" both women exclaimed at the same time. They felt their hard nipples rubbing against each other as John swapped back to the redhead's pussy.

"Here...it...cums..." John warned them as he slipped back into the brunette's pussy. "...UUH! Haah!"

As the slim woman felt John's cum burst inside her hot, fertile cunt, she came hard. "Huhh! O-hh!"

Then John pulled out and thrust hard into the voluptuous redhead, still cumming. As she felt his dangerous seed splash within her unprotected depths, her own orgasm erupted from there. "Ohh gahhdd! Unn! Uhn!"

John swapped again, causing the top woman's slim body to cum again, her primed reproductive system pulling his seed deeper inside her baby furnace. He pulled out and thrust back into the shapely redhead, once again making her shake in pleasure as her fertile body sucked out the last of his cum, where it soaked into the mouth of her womb.

"Woo!" John sighed as he pulled out. "Be sure to pay Mistress Marla on your way out, ladies! I'ma get some water."

---

JJ once again woke to his cock being sucked, and saw a form under the covers between his legs. "Oh, Marti, snuck in again, huh? What a way to wake up." Her mouth took a hold of his cock, sucking hard. "Oh, wow...WOW, you got a lot better at that..." Her tongue swirled around his shaft before she took his member all the way to the root. "Jesus! Shit, I'm gonna...fuck, Marti...!" Then he was cumming, hard. "Aauughh!"

"Mm! Mmhmm!" she moaned under the covers as JJ's cum filled her mouth.

JJ huffed, calming down from his intense orgasm. "When did you learn how to do that, M--" He lifted the covers. "--MOM?!"

JJ's mother Maureen was recovering from her own orgasm, her hair all askew from the bedsheets, a little of her son's cum dribbling from the corner of her mouth. She looked at him adoringly, her pupils wide from the effect of his scent. "So much like your dad, JJ..." she gasped, and then shook with another small orgasm as she licked the last dribbles of his cum from her face.

JJ bolted from the bed. "MOM! Get the fuck out!"

She threw the covers off and crawled toward him as she eyed his deflating member. "You got any more for me, my sexy boy?"

Not feeling that he had any other options, he slapped his mother across the face.

She held her cheek, looking lost and confused. "JJ?"

"You need to get out of my room, Mom...now."

She got to her feet and headed for the door. "I'm so sorry, JJ...I don't know what came over me." Tears were rolling down her cheeks.

JJ felt his own tears falling. "I'm gonna fix this, Mom."

---

A little later, after he had calmed down, JJ went looking for Aaron, his stepfather, but neither of his parents seemed to be around. He found his stepsister Regan in the backyard, in a two-piece bikini on a reclining patio chair, taking in the rays. JJ watched the slim redhead for a bit...did her breasts seem bigger, he wondered? Well, she was getting older, so it made sense. He went out to join her.

She lowered her sunglasses to regard him. "Ugh," she grunted before putting the shades back up and ignoring him.

"You seen Dad?"

She sighed in impatience. "Mom was being all pervy, so they're probably fucking."

Sure enough, when JJ approached the closed door to his parents' bedroom, he heard them groaning in pleasure. They were carrying on hot and heavy, and JJ felt his cock start to react. Fuck, I'm just a sick puppy, he chastised himself. He decided to go listen to music in his room.

---

Later, after his parents finally emerged from their love nest, JJ asked if his stepdad could take him to the mall. While JJ could get condoms from the corner market, finding soap or something with tea tree oil to try to mask his scent would require a more specialized store.

"Actually, why don't we all go to the mall?" Aaron asked. "We haven't been doing stuff together as a family lately. We'll do some shopping, and then grab a bite to eat while we're out."

He seemed to be in high spirits, and why not, JJ thought? The guy got laid earlier by a hot woman. JJ winced. Not a hot woman; his mother!

Regan got dressed and they all piled into the car. "I'll sit in the back with JJ," Maureen offered.

"No, Mom, you'll sit in the front with Dad, like normal. Remember, we're a normal family?" JJ admonished her.

"...yes, JJ." His mother got in on the front passenger side, sniffling.

"Everything okay?" Aaron asked, his brow furrowed.

"Mm hm," JJ said as he climbed into the back seat. As the car moved onto the street, JJ looked at his stepsister next to him. Something had been bothering him.

He remembered a month ago, when his mother had first reacted to his pheromones, but that had been at least a week after Regan had been acting weird, asking for a backrub and taking off her bra. His mother's fertile time had snuck up on him because he had expected Regan to react to his pheromones first this month, but she hadn't. It wasn't like they hadn't been around each other over the previous week -- they ate meals right next to each other every day -- but Regan had just been acting like her normal, pissy self.

He wondered if she'd gone on the pill or something, and was therefore immune to his pheromones, but he was pretty sure that she wasn't dating yet. So why hadn't she...?

Several thoughts rushed through his head...her breasts had grown...she had been throwing up in the bathroom...

"Regan? Are you..."

"What the hell's this guy doing?" Aaron yelled, and then suddenly the world flipped upside down and everything went black.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)