Ana Bailey
by Cake 

Ana Bailey's first day of school

Who doesn’t want to make a good impression on the first day of school? Nobody. But how do you do that? How do you want to portray yourself to all your peers? There is no easy answer, and for a high school freshman, these things are very important. Well I’m here to help one lucky student have the best first day ever. And that lucky student is Ana Bailey. Her older sister, Caitlyn, had just graduated last year, and now her dear little sister was becoming a freshman. How unfortunate that they couldn’t spend at least one year of high school together but I suppose it can’t be helped. The two of them didn’t look very much alike, at least to me. Caitlyn was way bustier than her sister, not to mention she had blonde hair compared to Ana’s dark brown. Personality wise, well it’s hard to tell. Caitlyn was always a loud mouth, piece of shit. But Ana seemed shy, however that could just be because it was her first day at a new school and all.

Caitlyn was one year ahead of me in school, so this is my first year without her. She was the worst person I ever met. Rude, mean, short tempered, confrontational, annoying. Caitlyn was all of these things, and she never took breaks either. From the moment she stepped into school until the moment she was gone, she was a problem for everyone around her. I personally had to put up with so much of her shit, and the teachers never did anything about it. One time she had called me a bitch in front of everyone in class and the teacher hardly even reacted to it. And she did a lot worse, not only to me but to lots of people. She got away with absolutely everything because it was more trouble than it was worth to try and deal with her. It wasn’t enough that she was gone, I wanted a greater payback than that.

Me and a few like minded individuals had arranged to carry out this retribution, and we had the best idea ever. At the end of the day, when Ana was leaving class, we lured her into the locker rooms. It was quite easy as the gymnasium is connected to the main lobby, and the locker rooms are connected to the gymnasium. So all we had to do was wait for her to come to the main lobby, and then we’d ask for her help moving something real quick in the girls locker room. Being a bit of a nervous freshman, she was easily persuaded by her seniors and followed us into the locker room.

It was empty inside. It was just the four of us, and Ana following behind, clueless as to what was about to happen. The door shut behind us, and we all sprung into action. I grabbed one arm, and another girl, Emma, grabbed her other. She didn’t even realize what was happening until we started lifting her shirt up. When we exposed her white bra she started to panic. She was asking us what we were doing, and telling us to stop but couldn’t get her arms free. We easily got her shirt off her and threw it to the ground. Her shorts came down with no hesitation leaving Ana in her underwear. She was already so scared it was adorable. She begged us to let her go but instead we unclipped her bra, and exposed her surprisingly flat chest. I could already tell she wasn’t very well endowed but it made it even better that most of what I thought was her boobs, was actually just a padded bra! Ana’s chest was hardly developed at all, and she cried out when we exposed it.

We couldn’t resist pinching her tiny titties, which really helped the embarrassment seep in. She must have been self conscious about not having any boobs which made everything all the sweeter for us. Ana was already in tears, so try to imagine how much she liked it when we pulled her white panties down to her ankles. She was practically screaming for help but we put a quick stop to that. By taking her panties from around her feet, and shoving them right in her trap. That shut her up real quick, and left her naked from head to toe except for her white ankle socks. Everything was going so perfectly I was getting butterflies in my stomach. With two small pieces of rope, we tied one around her mouth to make sure the panty gag stayed in, and then we used the other piece to tie her hands behind her back.

After we tied Ana up, it was time for a little fun. We dangled her discarded clothes in front of her face and told her that if she wanted them back she had to chase us. Tears ran down her face and she cried through the gag but didn’t have a choice but to do it. She couldn’t run very fast in the state she was in so we just easily dodged her and laughed when we managed to get away. Just when we thought her spirit was completely broken, we gave all of her clothes to Emma, and made Ana try to chase her. Her chest didn’t even bounce when she ran she was so flat, and the fact that her pussy was shaved was the perfect cherry on top. Ana chased after her clothes unaware that she was falling for another trap. Like I mentioned, the gymnasium connects to the main lobby. But what most people don’t realize is that the girls locker room also connects to the main lobby, but hardly anyone ever uses that door. Even inside the locker room the door is a little hidden, so we knew this was gonna be easy.

We lured her around the corner where the door is. Ana was chasing after Emma for her clothes and the rest of us followed behind her. Her skin was so pale, she didn’t even have any tan lines at all. None on her legs, arms, or her butt so she must have spent the summer indoors. Anyways, when she turned the corner, and saw the door, she froze for a second until Emma opened the door leading to the main lobby. Poor Ana tried to turn around but the other three of us stopped her and slowly pushed the nude girl into the lobby full of students. Freshmen, sophomores, juniors, seniors, everybody was there. She was desperately trying to push past us, almost making a scene in an attempt to get back to the locker room. But it was too late. We closed the door behind us, closing off her only escape. People were already taking notice of the petite girl standing with her ass towards everyone. We grabbed her shoulders and turned her around to everyone, letting them all see her dime sized nipples and hairless snatch. Emma waved Ana’s clothes in front of her, daring her to chase her further into the lobby.

I couldn’t believe my eyes when she actually did it though. She must have been too embarrassed to think straight because after only a few steps, many more people started to take notice and it only got worse from there. Ana was actually running naked down the lobby of her new school in front of hundreds of her new classmates and it was glorious. Her face was beat red, and she looked like a wreck flashing her skinny body, and tight pussy to dozens of people as she ran by them. Emma quickly took off out of sight, and I knew there was no chance for Ana to catch her. Eventually the crowd that she was attracting became too big for her to navigate through, it was as if she found herself surrounded on all sides by a wall of people. She looked around for somewhere to run or maybe hide, or maybe she was still looking for Emma with her clothes. Tears streamed down her face and she actually did a slow, complete three hundred sixty degree turn desperately trying to find any way out, but not finding any. Her whole head had gone red from the humiliation, and she was crying through her underwear which was slightly dangling from her mouth. Her legs were shaking like she was about to collapse from the shame of showing her vagina to the whole school. She just stood there in the middle of the crowd. I would believe that she was having a panic attack from the overwhelming degradation.

Some people even tried to take pictures while she just looked around at everyone with puppy dog eyes. I felt bad for her in a way. Too bad her older sister was such a bitch all the time. If she wasn’t, then little Ana wouldn’t have had to display herself like this. Talk about your worst nightmare. Ana made her first impression on her new school by running down the hall completely naked, showing everyone her flat chest and bald pussy. I’m not sure what’s worse for her, all her old classmates that she’s known for years seeing her like that, or all her new classmates seeing her like that before they even got to meet her. The longer she stood there, the worse her legs would shake. There couldn’t be anything more embarrassing than this, and it was making her body physically collapse. She fell onto her butt and then tucked her legs up against her chest to cover up. Everyone was still just watching as she fell, and rolled over onto her side, curled up in a ball. It was at that point that some people stepped in and decided to help her so I had to flee the scene ya know what I mean?

I hope those pictures make the rounds, if any good ones exist that is. With phones nowadays I should be able to get some closeups if that is the case. I can only hope Caitlyn gets to see those. But either way, it was a blast helping an old friend's sister out on her first day of school. I’m sure she’s gonna love it here for the next four years. Maybe if she gets lucky, we’ll go back to online classes so she doesn’t have to show her face around anyone again.


Checking up on Ana Bailey

Everything worked out even better than I imagined. Pictures of Ana running naked through the halls made their way to everyone in school. Ana made the best first impression she could by letting everyone see HD photos of her bald pussy. Bless modern phone cameras. And to top it off none of us ever got caught or anything. Ana kept coming to school in clothes that covered every inch of herself but she somehow made herself almost look dignified in her all black clothes. She did start wearing an all black face mask as well so I guess in a way she did stop showing her face around school. Well now that we’ve been settled into our new classes and the air is starting to cool off I figured that it was a great time to check in on Ana and make sure she was doing okay.

As luck would have it, me and the squad managed to ambush Ana when she was all alone at the end of the day. We found out her last class of the day was science and so the four of us made a mad dash to the lab to catch her before she left. It couldn’t have worked out any better because when we pulled up, the teacher walked out the door. I spotted Ana alone in the lab, she was facing the other way, quickly packing papers into her bag. Emma closed the door behind us as we walked inside and I crept right up behind her. I wrapped my arms around her and gave her my friendliest greeting but she didn’t look all that excited to see me. Only her eyes were visible past her face mask but her expression spoke a thousand words. It was endearing how absolutely terrified of us she was and wasted not a second more begging us not to do this. I don’t know what she was thinking we were gonna do but I wanted to assure her that we were only trying to help her out. We noticed after the first time we stripped her naked how much everyone loved it. But for some reason she didn’t do it again, so she was having a hard time making friends. We just had to make sure that she was getting enough attention in her life since her bitchy sister probably took up all of their parents' time. When we told her all of that she actually called us psychopaths. I couldn’t believe it! No wonder no one wanted to be her friend if she talked like that to people. I knew she was gonna need some really special help.

The four of us pinned her down to the lab table, knocking her papers out of the way. I think she was starting to cry already as I pulled her pants down to her ankles. I could hardly believe the contrast between her all black outfit and her pink panties with big red hearts on them. I suppose she was trying to put up a wall on the outside, but on the inside she was still the same helpless little softy as before. She could hardly fight back so I easily was able to wiggle her shoes off, and then completely remove her pants. Ana squealed as I grabbed the band of her heart covered undies and gave her the biggest wedgie of her life. Those pink panties nearly disappeared completely up her crack and I couldn’t resist from giving her exposed ass a hard slap. I noticed the gang was having a hard time getting her sweater off so I lended a hand pulling her shirt up to her head. As we exposed her back, I was waiting to see what kind of bra she had over her nonexistent tits, but we pulled the shirt further and further until it was over her head and there was no sign of a bra strap. I couldn’t believe it! We wrestled her arms out of the sleeves and yanked her top off leaving her back completely exposed!

Ana came to school with no bra at all! It’s not like she needed one anyways, she was able to lay completely flat on the table since she didn’t have boobs to get in the way. Ana was sobbing in humiliation while we flipped her onto her back, exposing her tiny hard nipples. I had to give them a pinch just like last time, making Ana flinch with despair. Since we had her pinned to the table, pulling her panties down was going to be easy but I wanted Ana to cheer up a little bit before we got to the best part. I told her that if she kept crying that we were gonna make her run naked through school again, but if she could manage to stop then we would spare her that much. I ripped her mask off so I could see her scared face. Her teeth were clenched shut, and she sniffled a few times trying to compose herself like I told her to. I gathered up all her clothes and told her that if she finished stripping herself naked then she could have them back. Everyone let go of her and she immediately covered her embarrassing little chest. But instead of doing it, she just begged us to stop. Unbelievable am I right? Here I was trying to be nice and extend an olive branch to her but she won't even take it. And we did all the hard parts anyway. All that was left for her to take off was her socks and underwear.

Well she only needed a little convincing to get her ass moving. Once we threatened to throw her in the halls, she reached down and peeled her socks off. Ana pouted like a baby as she handed me her socks and then there was a moment of silence. She was looking at the floor, and then took a deep breath before pulling her panties down right in front of us! She stepped out one foot at a time, forgetting to hide her flat chest for a moment, and instead trying to cover her crotch. Once she had them off, she handed them to me, and then went back to covering herself up with both arms. Now standing before us was Ana, completely naked from head to toe. She didn’t even have so much as an earring. Ana was in her birthday suit in school once again. None of us were satisfied with just the stripping, after all what good is it if she’s just covering herself up anyways?

Emma grabbed her arms, prying them away from her body, which she barely protested at all. She knew that fighting back was pointless and she didn’t want to end up in the halls again. I kneeled down to get a closer look at her pussy which still didn’t have any hair. This was priceless, either Ana was still keeping her pubes trimmed or she wasn’t growing any at all! I knew she was a late bloomer but this was too funny! When I asked her about it she even admitted it! Ana hadn’t grown any tits or pubes yet and she was already in highschool! We all had a good laugh at her pathetic little body. I grabbed her near the waist and used my thumbs to spread her vagina open exposing pink labia, and I could even see her clit! I told everyone to get a good look at it, and Ana must have been so humiliated that she tried to get away. Of course we were easily able to keep her still so everyone could get a chuckle out of her spread pussy lips. That’s when a great idea struck me. Everyone in school should get to this! If everyone saw Ana’s spread vagina then surely everyone would want to be her friend!

We all thought it was a great idea but Ana looked like she was gonna faint. She started saying things like “you said you wouldnt” and “my life will be over” but I didn’t know what she was talking about. She wasn’t budging as we tried to move her to the door so we did what we had to do and picked her up. It took all of us to hold her in position but we managed to find a way to carry her spread eagle without letting her cover herself with her arms. We walked her to the door as she was screaming at us to let her down but that ended up biting her in the ass because once we opened the door, she instantly got everyone's attention. The bell had rung a few minutes ago by now but the halls were still full of people going to their lockers before they left for the day. Once Ana saw that she was fully exposed to everyone again, she completely froze, and stopped yelling.

We proudly carried her out in front of everyone, spreading her legs as wide as we could and giving everyone the best view of their lives. Every head turned and focused on Ana’s ultimate degradation. It was amazing to see everyone so happy to see Ana again. I knew this time she was gonna make lots of new friends! They were even already taking pictures of her to share with everyone. For the second time this year, Ana was naked in front of all her classmates. We walked her all the way to the end of the hall, letting every boy gawk at her naked body. We let everyone take pictures of her while Ana was seemingly paralyzed, unable to resist or say anything as she lived through the worst humiliation imaginable for a second time in less than a year. We tried to put her down on her feet but she didn’t have any strength to stand on her own. When we put her down she just sort of collapsed onto the floor and then curled up into a ball in front of everyone. It was so cute to see her break down from the humiliation. I didn’t realize it until now but that smack I gave on her ass left a nice red mark that you could see as she laid naked on the floor.

Well I was satisfied with just leaving her there but I wanted to make sure I grabbed all her clothes from the science lab. I stuffed all her clothes into my bag so that she couldn’t get them back, and then I checked my phone. Ana was all over social media already! The pictures of her getting carried through the hall spread eagle were already being seen by everyone. The best one I saw was taken from right in front of her. Her little feet were dangling in the air and there was a perfectly unobstructed view in between her spread legs. Last time you could only see her pussy lips in the pictures, but now her pink labia was clearly exposed. If you zoomed in you could even see her clit, just like I hoped! But even better than that was just south of that was her tight little asshole! I was overjoyed at how everything worked out even better than I had hoped. Her flat chest was totally exposed, and you could even tell that her nipples were stiff. The cherry on top was Ana’s mortified face looking directly into the camera so there could be no mistake of whose body you were looking at. Her face told me that she knew full well that soon everyone would see her naked again, and this time it was even worse! This couldn’t be any better!

I took Ana’s clothes with me and went home to watch every video that was gonna come out of this. I learned that this time no one gave her a jacket to cover up. In fact, after a while she got up on her own, desperately covering up and she tried to run back to the lab to get her clothes. That made me wish I stayed to watch a little longer as Ana once again had to run naked through school. Well Ana and the huge crowd of people following her made it to the lab only to find no clothes, obviously. People were laughing and calling for her to flash the cameras while Ana sobbed and had to run out of the lab. She literally ran through the halls again, all while being followed by basically the whole school until she got to the nurses office. No one followed her inside, and I can only assume she waited there until her parents came to pick her up. I wish I could see Ana’s reaction to those pictures of her online. I’m sure that she’ll be popular after this.

