Dares
by carmen_has36©

Dare #1.

Carmen had arrived on campus full of energy and wonder. She wanted new experiences & to be with the In Crowd enjoying the best that college life had to offer.

Rush had not started, but she wanted to rush a sorority and was curious if she could fit in. As college students often do, she gravitated to friends who seemed to share her lust for adventure & fun. As they sat around outside sipping wine coolers considering how to party this night, the group of 8 was sharing tales, stories & 'lies' Carmen was sure! One of the girls, Sharon, seemed to hit it off with her marvelously. When a story was told it was NEVER Carmen or Sharon who said 'OMG I would never do that!!!!!!' Rather they laughed and smiled at each other as if to say 'Hell yes I would try that once!' without saying a word. The wine loosened tongues and melted inhibitions amongst the eight who began talking about going downtown until one of the girls got a text about a frat party. Unanimously agreed they would go as soon as they changed clothes, of course. 

Sharon's room was closer than Carmen's & Sharon insisted her closet & drawers were open to Carmen so off they went to Sharon's room. Carmen chose a mint green mini halter sundress after trying on a few others. Sharon went with a powder blue short tee top & denim mini skirt. Carmen asked if Sharon had a halter bra but was out of luck. "Freak it then! I don't need one anyhow." Sharon looks at her in amazement... 'My God girl your tits are huge compared to mine and you aren't wearing a bra?' 

"Sharon you don't have a bra that will fit with this so you yourself must not wear one! I am not going out with tacky bra straps, besides I will be more comfy without." 

So Sharon rethinks her outfit & says, "Well if you have to go without then so will I sister!" The Eight meet up in the lobby looking like a group of hot co-eds on the prowl. Outfits ranged from skimpy to slutty to sexy to "OMG"... there was nary a conservative outfit anywhere to be seen. As they walked to the party's house Denise started to hang with them partly because she was a little shy & partly because she sensed these two knew how to party & the wine made her want to be a little wild. Denise's outfit was almost a contradiction, a cleavage baring bra top & below the knee skirt. "Denise you are going to turn some guys on with those tits of yours hanging out girl!"

She looks at Carmen and replies, " I am wearing a bra! Not like you GF... look who's showing her tits a-bouncin'!" laughing. 

Once at the party Carmen asks Sharon if she is up for a dare. Sharon says hell yes... but what dare? "Get a guy hard without touching him & to prove it you have to bring him to me & he has to let me check." 

Sharon gives Carmen a smile & says wait right here you slut! Denise asks Carmen if she has ever done that herself. Carmen says 'Nope but I knew Sharon would be willing to try!' 

Denise laughs and asks "Do you have a dare for me?" Carmen pushes Denise away, asks her to turn around & tells her "Yea ok I got one for you, if you think you can handle it! Let's go see how Sharon is doing first OKAY?" 

They find Sharon flirting with a hunk of a guy. "Denise you talk to this cave man while I take Sharon to the ladies' room." 

He looks shocked but happy once his eyes look down Denise's bra top. Sharon asks what the heck while being dragged by Carmen. Sharon is taken back when Carmen pinches Sharon's nipples! "Carmen what the fuck are you doing? Jesus girl I don't swing with girls a lot so geeze!" 

Carmen tells Sharon that her stiff nipples will get a guy hard faster than anything and proceeds to pinch her nipples again. "It's the bra, covers up the nips... Take it off so we can see your titties!" 

The wine let Sharon comply under protest but stuffed her bra into her purse. Then she grabs Sharon's hand and drags her back to the guy. Denise has kept him occupied & Sharon's newly stiff nipples grabbed his attention as soon as she walked up. Sharon tells Carmen she thinks he is ready. He asks 'Ready for what?' 

Sharon whispers in his ear and a surprised smile widens across his face. Carmen asks him if he wants Sharon to win her dare as he holds up his arms and thrusts his hips forward. Carmen moves close to him and while staring into his eyes asks him 'Boxers or briefs?' as she slips her hand up his leg beneath his shorts. 

She grabs his cock & looking at Sharon announces, "Briefs & he indeed is HARD! You won the dare girlfriend, he is all yours now!" 

After a few strokes Carmen pulls Sharon's hand to replace hers under his shorts. He just smiles wide & Sharon laughs!

Carmen turns Denise around and pulls up her skirt in the back, to which Denise starts to pull away "What the heck are you doing? My panties will show you slut!!" Carmen tells her she to shush & that she is going to tuck the hem of her skirt into her waistband. Denise has had enough wine to not resist. 

"To complete the dare, Denise you must ask 10 guys 'what is hotter my tits or my ass?' If you do it then you can dare me to do ANYTHING, deal?" 

Denise agrees and in her drunken state gets to the third guy & is soon making out with him. Carmen is taken back when a guy stops her putting his hands on her shoulders. "Truth or dare... Are you wearing a bra?" 

Carmen starts to turn but is stopped. "Tell me the truth or prepare to prove it!" 

She begins to laugh & responds, "Well yes of course I am wearing a bra. What kind of girl do you think I am anyhow?" 

She then turns around to meet her pestering guy. He is a whole foot taller than she & solidly built, the way she likes her men. He tells her he does not believe her and that she has to prove it. Carmen puts her hands up above her head and tells him to give her a body search if he wants. He reaches behind her and runs his hand up her back. "No bra strap, no bra." 

She asks if he is sure... urging him to feel her more closely. He cups her left breast with his hand, lifting it while letting her nipple glide between his fingers. "Satisfied yet?" she asks. 

"Girl I definitely need to SEE better proof." 

Playing along, Carmen says "Just what kind of girl shows her tits to a guy @ a party? A girl like me!" laughing.

Sharon took her guy upstairs and jacked him off till he came in her hand. Figured he was one and done then went home with another guy who didn't cum in her hand but in her...

Denise never gets past #3, never pulls her skirt down and wonders the next morning if #4 would have cum twice. 

Carmen showed her guy she didn't like wearing panties either. He dared her not to put on any clothes till Sunday afternoon and Carmen dared him he could not cum one more time. They both won the dares. Even when his roommates came home and he had hid her clothes she still never dressed! It was awkward but she was a girl of her word & made him own up to his word too.

As the 'sisters three' share Sunday evening wine and stories of their after-parties; all three conspire to 'dare' another weekend!! Carmen shows interest in Sharon's 1st guy who was exceptionally hung, she knew 'first hand'! 

Sharon offered to trade #s since Carmen's guy was a multi-cummer, something Denise wanted too. 

To which Denise says "Oh yea I get to dare you now Carmen." 

She is reminded that the dare was for 10 guys to be asked & Denise didn't get beyond 3. "Yea but he was soooooo cute & I was pretty horny by then." 

Carmen: "Next party Denise you gotta wear a thong... or nuttin girl." 

Sharon announces she hates bras for party attire & can't wait to do it again.

Can't wait for Dare #2 can you? 

Wonder how many weights can be clipped to a skirt?


Dare #02

Carmen asks: 'What are those weights suppose to do?' 

'Pull your skirt down to the floor, slowly.' Replies a snickering Denise.

The Sisters Three were ready for the weekend & poised to top the last party's dares. As you might recall, Carmen had dared both Sharon & Denise. 

Sharon got her guy hard without a touch & to prove it Carmen slid her hand up his shorts & found him hung, oh yea & hard! 

Denise with her hem tucked into her waist baring her ass never got beyond #3 guy in asking if her tits or ass were hotter. 

Carmen lost her truth or dare by lying about being braless. 

All three got laid and were horny for more! 

This time it seemed that Denise had a dare planned for Carmen & though risky, Carmen agreed. Maybe some alcohol would lessen the risk. Being a slut as well, Sharon offered to take the dare too. Denise then decided to join the fun & announced that she too would as well. The other five girls of their group were not as brave but did have roles this night too.

Denise's dare was simple yet clever. Carmen, & now Denise & Sharon as well, were to wear a skirt with a loose fitting elastic waistband. Denise said it didn't have to be a mini but short enough to reach the hemline easily. She had taken ordinary clothespins and glued 1 oz fishing weights to them. The idea was for the other girls, now numbering 5 to sell or barter or trade the weights to others at the party. Then the weights could be attached to the skirt's hem by whoever has one. One by one the weights would eventually begin to pull the skirt down farther & farther as each weight was attached. 

The dare to Carmen was to NOT touch her skirt or adjust it until it had been pulled completely down. To assure the 'no touching rule' Denise enlisted one the other 8 to be enforcer and check on the 3's skirts. Carmen could not put her skirt back on until AFTER she had left the party! 

Now that Denise and Sharon were in on the dare, they needed more weighted clothespins and set out to go shopping for those & they decided, matching skirts. 

While in the dressing room, Sharon asks about panties. Denise said she could wear whatever she wanted. 

Carmen says: " I am not going commando! This skirt coming down in full view of everyone is enough!"

Both Sharon & Denise agree to panties or thongs. 

Then Denise says: "OMG I don't have a top I can wear with this skirt? What do you girls want to wear?"

Carmen suggests an iridescent tube top she saw on a table in the store. Sharon doesn't think her small tits looks good in tube tops but agrees after Denise seconds Carmen's idea.

"Red shoes, red panties, red lipstick & red nails GFs!!!!" Sharon laughs. 

Carmen laughs "We will look so modest in our black skirts."

"Yea until they come down down down!" giggles Denise.

Saturday evening comes & the eight girls gather at the dorm for drinks before going as a group to the party. Denise, Carmen & Sharon are matching in black, red & iridescent party clothes. Denise is barely containing her ample chest in her top. Carmen is not quite as big, but her tits promise to bounce uncontrollably in her tight tube when the dancing starts. Sharon is covered well enough but her ever-stiff nipples are showing. The other five, all sexy & dressed in red, stuff clothespins into their purses laughing and betting whose skirt will fall first. 

Denise asks Carmen if she is woman enough to go through with this dare. To which Carmen boldly pulls up her own skirt exposing her red panties and shakes her ass at the group. 

"There is your answer Denise!"

All laugh and set out for their adventure. At the party, it is only the five girls in red, who explain the dare, Carmen & Denise & Sharon are suppose to act innocent and shy. Terri has been chosen to be the enforcer, to be sure that the girls' panties stay up while the skirts slip down & to make sure the panties don't keep the skirt from sliding to the floor.

While dancing, Sharon feels someone stop her and then watches as a clothespin is clipped to her skirt. Let the fun begin.

Carmen is chatting with some hunk when she gets her first weight hung on hers. She doesn't realize it at first until her guy alerts her. Carmen explains to her guy & his eyes open wide while he looks around to buy a weight or two himself. 

Denise has just stopped dancing and almost flopping out of her tube when two weights are pinned on her skirt at once. 

Sharon begins to feel her skirt slipping and wants to stop dancing but the guys surrounding her won't let her. Same thing happens to Carmen and Denise as the whole party catches on to the dare that's happening. Carmen looks down. With almost 12 clothespins, her red panties are now in view. Terri is there to watch as Denise's skirt actually falls first. Because of her tiny butt Denise can't keep her skirt. 

Sharon rushes in and grabs her skirt so she can't pull it back on. As she does three girls pin more on Sharon's & down comes her skirt. Terri takes Sharon's skirt and hands it to one of the 5 girls. Sharon does the same but not before removing 5 clothespins and sneaking behind Carmen to clip them to the back of her tube top. With all the commotion as her skirt slips off she doesn't pay attention to her top slipping as well! She raises her arms to celebrate and show off her red panties & is flashing her tits as well! Alcohol keeps her awareness numbed & she can only laugh while putting her tits back in her tube. Denise's guy friends watch this and pin weights on her top. Denise gets so many weights she is topless almost immediately with her huge tits and tries to cover herself in vain. Sharon knows what is going on and fights to keep her top on until Carmen dares her to quit pulling her tube up. Terri has her own plans and clothespins Sharon's panties in the front telling her it is a new rule for the dare.

"My god girl my kitty fur will be showing!"

Indeed a puff of red pubes can be seen as Terri go to Carmen & Denise to do the same. 

Carmen whispers to some of the guys around Sharon & they hold her arms away from her top. With her clothespins she is soon showing her small tits with hard nipples to all who care to see. 

Carmen recognizes Sharon's guy from the last party, the hung one, and begins her flirting. They leave looking like a couple of animals in heat. 

Sharon is being molested by a girl, Terri, the enforcer of their group. Terri has taken 'hands on' control of Sharon's attire. Sharon had envisioned getting laid by a guy but agrees to let Terri have her way because she is horny too. Terri is gentle molesting Sharon's nipples but possessively insistent they leave. 

Busty Denise is still dancing. Poor Denise can't keep her tits covered while surrounded by three guys who each want her to themselves. A clothespin in front has pulled her thong precariously close to exposing her bald slit. Guy's hands wander up and down her ass and all over her tits. Carmen finds herself in the bathroom with one of them, her tube top around her waist while sucking his cock. He wants to cum on her tits but she will not have that and swallows every spurt. He doesn't protest too much. Back downstairs, still fighting with her top, she hooks up with one of her dance partners from earlier and is offered a ride home; his home not hers.

Sunday afternoon finds the trio has now become a foursome since Terri can't leave Sharon alone. Carmen details her night of cumming with the hung friend of Sharon's. 

"My pussy is as red as my panties! But oh the pain is wonderous. He wants my ass & I think maybe next date I will give it to him. I mean my God, a lady doesn't do anal on the first date!"

Sharon laughs looking into Terri's eyes; remembering the dildo fucking her ass took the night before. Terri had clothes-pinned Sharon's nipples after she tied her wrists to the bed & Sharon's nipples were still tender.

Denise complains about her tender tits.

"God the guy would not leave my girls alone! I'd fall asleep only to be awakened by him sucking them. Made him get another erection & another erection & another erection!"

Carmen says "Denise I love you & your dare!"

Denise replies " I love you too and so look forward to next weekend."

Gentling rubbing her sore nipples, Sharon tells Terri "If you ever fuck me like that again... why I just might handcuff 'you' to my bed." 

"Yea you are so much like my boyfriend, Sharon!"

Carmen observes that the group's stash of condoms is running low & the should use some of their drink money to buy another dozen or so. Such a practical girl that Carmen.

Dare #3... strangers 'up to the second knuckle' in a public bar.

