Lynn and I were dating for over a year when this story took place. Lynn was a
very nice girl. She was intelligent. It was fun hanging out with her, talking
about various things. Sex was nice too. I really liked her body because she had
a large ass and fairly large tits. She was OK with what she called `normal
sex'. This meant that in addition to regular sex, she let me finger her pussy,
and I got blow jobs every once in a while. Anything more kinky was out of the
question. I loved her ass but she wouldn't let me enjoy it much.  She always
said she was embarrassed at how large it was.

It all happened when Lynn and I went to a U2 concert in Chicago. We live in
Topeka, more than five hours away from Chicago. My old and beat-up car would
never survive such a trip so we decided to take the bus. We decided to take a
midnight ride to Chicago, spend a day in the big city, watch the concert and
take a midnight ride back to Topeka.

We were pretty excited when we boarded the bus at our local bus station. Lynn
got a window seat and I sat on the aisle. We talked about how great the concert
will be, and how much fun we'll have in Chicago.  As soon as we left the
station the driver dimmed the lights. The bus was about half full. I never
realized how many people take the midnight bus. I looked around and checked out
the other passengers. Most looked old and tired. Must have had a long day.  A
few minutes later we crossed the Topeka city line and the driver turned the
inside lights off completely. It was pitch dark outside and most passengers
were already sleeping. Lynn put her head on my shoulder and tried to get some
sleep. We were quiet for a while and Lynn fell asleep. With the vibrations of
the bus her head shifted until dropped to my lap. I was too excited to sleep so
I squeezed towards the aisle and let Lynn lie down with her head in my lap.

I sat awake for a while longer thinking about the coming day. I have only been
to Chicago twice before but it was years ago, with my parents. I never had a
chance to experience the city as a grownup. Lynn was sound asleep. I put my
hand on her shoulder and brushed it slowly. Lynn loved to be pat. She curled in
her sleep as she enjoyed my patting. Slowly, not even thinking what I was
doing, my hand moved to her waist. I would often do it at home, in front of the
TV.  Lynn always loved the attention. I didn't think of the other passengers on
the bus. I was quite sure that they were all asleep. Slowly, my hand reached
under Lynn's dress and started rubbing her butt. As I was rubbing her I
suddenly realized that we were in a public place. I started developing a
hardon.  I always wanted to have sex in public. The public was all asleep and
this wasn't even close to sex but my hardon didn't care.

I kept on rubbing Lynn's butt and slowly inserted my fingers under her
panties.  My hand got closer and closer to her pussy. Lynn was a deep sleeper
and the low rumble of the bus rocked her into an even deeper sleep. My hand
reached farther into her panties until it hit her pussy. First the outer lips,
slowly rubbing back and forth, closing in on the entrance. I guess my rubbing
felt nice because Lynn was now very wet. My finger slid in easily and started
massaging the length of her crack. I massaged up and down for a while, getting
closer and closer to her clit. I was quite sure she would wake up as soon as I
touched her clit. Lynn had very sensitive clit. She never lets me touch it
directly. I knew I should stop but I was having so much fun and wanted more.  I
started brushing my finger very lightly on her clit. Her body started moving
rapidly.  I stopped for a few seconds, let her body relax, and started again.
This time I tried to go even lighter. Now she moved very slowly but didn't wake
up. I went on rubbing and Lynn's body began a wavy motion. Her hips and back
moving back and forth in a fucking motion.

I was so concentrated on Lynn's clit that I didn't pay much attention to the
people around us. All of a sudden I realized that not everyone was asleep on
the bus. In fact, the guy sitting right across from us was awake. He was a bit
older than us. He was staring at us silently. Actually, he was staring at my
hand. He couldn't really see much of Lynn's butt because it was facing the
window. For the first few seconds I was scared: I was caught. I sat motionless
not knowing what to do, but the guy staring at us didn't do anything.

My finger was still touching Lynn's clit and the entire situation felt
bizarre.  Although scared, I was starting to enjoy myself.  I always urged Lynn
to buy provocative and revealing clothes but she always refused.  I could now
show her off a bit.  She would probably kill me if she ever found out, but I
was too aroused to think. I moved my hand away from Lynn's pussy, slowly
pulling her dress up. It took me more that a minute to get Lynn's dress up to
her waist line. Our spectator kept staring at us motionless. I tried to pull
Lynn's panties down but I couldn't get them very far. I knew that if I try too
hard, she would wake up.  I inserted my hand in her panties again and started
rubbing her clit again. Her body started moving again. As it was moving I
managed to push her panties down to her thighs. I looked at our spectator.  His
head was stretched towards us, trying to see as much as he could. As I felt
Lynn's motion speed up, I increased the pressure on her clit.  She started
moaning in her sleep. Luckily, the bus engine was loud and no one could hear
her moans (or so I thought). Her wavy motion became stronger and stronger until
she started shaking. She was having an orgasm. Her body shook for a few more
seconds and then it stopped. She slowly rolled and looked up. `It was very
nice' she whispered. I immediately looked towards our spectator but he
pretended to be asleep. Smart guy.

She sat up, gave me a long kiss, smiled and whispered: `Someone could have seen
you. Did you even check ?'. She looked around but all the passengers looked
asleep.  I was in the mood for some more playing so I tried pulling her dress
up all the way. I wanted to expose her breasts and give our sleepy spectator a
last view of her body but Lynn protested.  She quickly pulled her panties back
up, whispering:  `How did you get these down without waking me up ?'

The rest of our bus trip was uneventful. We arrived in Chicago very early in
the morning and spent most of the day in the downtown area and on the lake
front. Lynn was in a very good mood after the late night orgasm. I think she
enjoyed my risky behavior from last night. I managed to talk her into removing
her panties and bra before the concert.  Gliding my hand along her back and
down to her butt felt very smooth and nice with no under garments on.

During the concert, people were standing and dancing to the beat of the music.
It was very dark so Lynn let me slide my hand between her thighs, and slip a
thumb into her pussy. As she was jumping to the beat of the music, she was
actually riding my finger. Lynn was quite inhibited and I was surprised that
she let me finger fuck her in public. Maybe the bus ride softened her a bit.

The concert ended after 11PM and we hurried back to the bus station. We barely
got there on time. We boarded the bus about a minute before it left the
station.  This time, I got the window seat and Lynn got the Aisle seat. I had
some plans for the way back home but I was too tired. I fell asleep even before
we left the Chicago city line. I don't know how long I slept. I woke up feeling
something wet on my dick. I opened my eyes and saw Lynn's head buried in my
lap, giving me a blowjob. I touched her hair and she raised her head, winked
and said: `I really enjoyed last night. Now it's your turn'. Her head went back
to my dick.

I looked around. The bus was almost empty. Our area of the bus had very few
passengers, all asleep. I imagined Lynn verified that they were sleeping before
she started. She was standing on her knees and elbows with her butt sticking in
the air towards the aisle. My hand started roaming down her back until it
reached her butt. I slid my hand under her dress and stared playing with her
pussy.  I inserted one and then two fingers into her pussy. She was very wet.
She didn't have an orgasm during the concert so she must have been very horny
since then.  I started finger-fucking her with two and then three fingers. Her
butt welcomed my fingers and she shifted it rhythmically towards my hand. This
went on for a while. Suddenly, I saw some motion at the corner of my eye. I
turned around quickly and caught one of the sleeping guys across the aisle
quickly closing his eyes - pretending to be asleep. Unlike yesterday, I already
knew what to do. Lynn's ass was now facing the aisle - all I had to do was lift
her dress in order to expose her completely. I didn't want Lynn to notice
anything so I had to be very careful. I slowly lifted the edge of Lynn's dress
and folded it above her butt. I then went back to finger-fucking her so that
she doesn't get suspicious.

A minute later, our spectator realized that I prepared an entire show just for
him. He stopped pretending to be asleep and moved closer to the aisle. He was
sitting three feet away from my hand inside Lynn's pussy staring intently.  He
was about my age and looked pretty average.  I didn't know what to do next.
The guy seemed happy enough just staring at Lynn's pussy. I remembered Lynn
tellking me about female fantasies a while ago. She said that many of her
friends fantasize about having sex with two guys. She never admitted that she
also fantasized about it, but I was pretty sure.  Having my dick licked and my
fingers stuck in Lynn's pussy I was very aroused. I wasn't thinking very
logically.  I reached into my jacket pocket, and slowly pulled out a condom.  I
signaled our spectator to be silent and handed him the condom. His jaw
dropped.  For a few seconds he was completely frozen with disbelief.  Then he
got up, unzipped his pants, pulled his disk out and put the condom on.  I still
wasn't sure I should let this happen. I was simply too horny to even consider
any circumstances.  I took my hand out of Lynn's pussy and made a measurement
motion with my fingers stretching about 2 inches apart. I think he got it. I
knew he should be very slow so that Lynn doesn't stop the party. He inched
closer to Lynn's butt and started inserting his dick in. He inserted about two
inches and started moving back and forth.

Lynn's ass moved back and forth, intercepting the guys dick. Slowly, he
inserted more and more of his dick into her pussy. His balls started pounding
on her clit and belly with every thrust. I was wandering when she would notice
that these weren't my fingers in her pussy. Suddenly, she stopped sucking my
dick.  She felt something was wrong but couldn't quite place it. I quickly put
my hand on the back of her neck and started massaging it, trying to relax her
and making sure she doesn't lift her head and see the guy. I don't know if she
completely understood what was happening but she resumed her sucking and
started moving her ass even faster towards the guy's dick.

I looked around us. Two more guys were now awake. They were both staring at the
guy fucking Lynn and at me. They met my glance and their eyes were almost
pleading: `Can we go too ?'. I decided that since I already allowed one
stranger to fuck Lynn, I may just as well extend the party.  I checked my
jacket pockets and found two more condoms. I handed them to the new guys
without a word.  It's hard to describe the pleased looks on their faces when
they saw the condoms.

The first guy was still pumping Lynn's pussy so I decided to keep the new guys
busy for a while. I pushed Lynn's dress up as far as it went. Her entire back
and tits were now in view.  The two guys stood behind Lynn's seat and started
touching her back and ass. One of them started fondling her tits and pulling on
her nipples. The other guy was rubbing her back, slowly moving towards her
ass.  As he reached her ass, he licked his index finger and ran it around her
asshole.  Lynn never let me have anal sex with her. She said it humiliated
her.  I was quite sure she wouldn't want a finger up her ass so I motioned the
guy to be careful. He kept on rubbing his index finger at the entrance to her
asshole - not pushing his luck.  Suddenly Lynn did something that stunned me:
she moved her hand towards her butt, caught the guys finger playing with her
asshole.  Instead of pushing it away, she stuck it deep into her asshole. She
was more horny that I have ever seen her.  I wanted a piece of that new
territory. As soon as the guy pulled his finger out of Lynn's asshole, I stuck
mine in - as deep as it would go. I began finger fucking Lynn's asshole as fast
and as deep as I could. Lynn loved it.  She started making strange sounds and
her butt moved even faster.  She now had a dick fucking her pussy and a finger
fucking her asshole. Her sucking was now very strong - almost painful.

I felt my orgasm building up in my balls. I couldn't hold much longer. I wanted
to get even more kinky before I came so I pushed a second finger into Lynn's
asshole. Her tight hole was even tighter now. I couldn't take it any more and I
came. Lynn never swallowed my cum, but after the other things she did tonight I
wasn't surprised that she swallowed all of it. Instead of rising up and looking
at the guys fucking her, she left her head in my lap. In fact, she hid it in my
lap. I think she was too embarrassed about this and didn't want to face the
guys. She just wanted them to go on.

The guy inside Lynn's pussy finally came. He zipped himself up and moved
aside.  A second guy took his place almost immediately and started thrusting
his dick into Lynn's pussy.  I don't think Lynn even noticed the change.  This
went on for about a minute. My fingers were still pumping in and out of Lynn's
asshole. Suddenly the guy fucking Lynn motioned me to move my hand away.  As
soon as I moved it he plunged his dick quickly into Lynn's ass. His dick was
wider than my two fingers and Lynn's asshole had to quickly adjust to the new
size. His dick sank in completely and Lynn started yelling and screaming.
Luckily, with her face hidden in my lap her screams came out muffled and no
other passengers woke up. A few seconds later Lynn got used to the dick in her
ass and stopped yelling. She started moving her ass towards it.  A minute later
Lynn moved her hand from under her belly towards her pussy. I thought she was
going to finger herself. Instead, she started fondling guy's balls every time
he pumped all the way into her ass. This ball tickling was too much for the guy
and he quickly came.

He moved aside and the third guy replaced him. This guy's dick wasn't extremely
long but it was very thick.  Lynn's pussy was already very lubricated but it
took some efforts to slide that thick dick in. As he slid the dick in, I could
see Lynn's pussy lips expanding to contain it. Lynn started moaning and
mumbling words I didn't understand.  As he started pumping Lynn's mumbling
turned into words and then into cries.  For the first time in my life I heard
Lynn yell: `Fuck me harder' and `Faster'.  After a minute or so, she started
yelling `I'm cumming. Fuck me faster' over and over. She started shaking as the
orgasm hit her. Unlike her past orgasms, this one lasted for almost a minute.
She went on shaking and mumbling as her orgasm subsided. I didn't even notice
it but while Lynn's was yelling and cumming, the guy fucking her also came.

Lynn kept standing on her knees and elbows for a while. Maybe she was waiting
for another guy to stick his dick in.  I was out of condoms so this had to be
the last guy. When she realized that all the guys were done, she slowly rolled
onto my lap, pulled her dress back down and hid her face in my jacket. The guys
figured out that the show was over and went back to their seats. When we were
alone again, she kissed my chin and looked very embarrassed.  `Are you mad at
me ?' she said at a very low voice. I nodded `no'.  `It was the most amazing
thing I have ever had' she said, blushing. `Do you still love me after I
behaved like a cheap slut ?'  I smiled, kissed her and said `You have no idea
how much'.

We hugged and kissed for the rest of the bus ride. I couldn't resist the
temptation, slid my hand under her dress and stuck two fingers in her asshole.
It was such an exciting new revelation. I was hoping I could explore it some
more soon. Lynn didn't mind my exploration. Our sex life changed dramatically
after that trip. Lynn lost all her inhibitions. She now wanted to do things
that even I considered too kinky.

