                              Chieftain
                            By Lust 4 Life

Life as the chieftain of a semi-nomadic, warrior culture tribe. The chieftain gets most of 
the women as his own private breeding stock, while a handful of village women are 
shared by the rest of the male members of the tribe. M+F+ nc, impreg.

Intro

Its good to be the chieftain. Of course there are down sides, like being killed by an eager 
usurper and having responsibility for the clan. But I get the chiefs share of the spoils 
from our raids, and first choice of the best food and drink, and of course most of the 
women. I wasnt always the chief of course. I had to kill Chief Hanzan to take his place, 
just like he had killed my father Chief Ubrecht in his turn.

The death of my father (when I was 5) was not the traumatic experience it might be in 
cultures where the men have only a one or a few wives. I didnt really know him well and 
had little opportunity to spend time with him. I had lots of older and younger siblings, 
and for the most part he ignored us all. He was busy running the tribe and screwing his 
wives to make more siblings for me.

The chieftain gets most of the women for himself, which means most of the kids have a 
single father. By tradition, the chieftain gives a few women to the rest of the men to share 
among themselves  basically enough so the men can get sexual satisfaction, but they 
have limited chances to actually impregnate any of them. Typically there was about one 
women for every 8-10 men. In order to ensure loyalty, the chieftain usually also gave one 
or two women exclusively to each of his personal guards.

Once old Hanzan took over, he naturally got all of my fathers wives, and those of his old 
body guards. Some he decided he didnt want, and gave to the men or to his new body 
guards. And of course he got most of the new women, both my sisters as they came of 
age, women we captured from other clans, or women he traded for with other clans.

First time

As I grew, I started to take a new interest in the women. Sex was not hidden in our clan. 
The handful of village women spent most of their time satisfying the men. During the 
day, if a man felt the urge, he might grab one of the women and take her into his tent, or 
just somewhere out of the way in the village, but not necessarily out of sight. It was not 
unusual to come around a corner in a remote part of the village and see a mans naked ass 
rising and falling between a pair of spread female legs, or to hear the grunts and groans of 
sex coming from an open door. Most evenings, the men would sit around drinking and 
taking turns with the women. For all of us younger kids, this was just something the 
grown-ups did, but when I reached 13 summers, I started getting feelings in my crotch 
and wanting to join in. Of course, as an un-proven, young man, I was not yet allowed.

While we boys might have wanted to join in earlier, the girls were the ones who actually 
got to start first. Sometime after their first periods, and once they started to develop pubic 
hair and breasts, they were taken to Hanzan to become members of his harem. Were the 
men ever tempted to screw one of Hanzans women? Of course, but we all knew the 
punishment (public castration and then sale into slavery). The men all kept to the village 
women.

Finally, when I had reached 15 summers, I was allowed to go with one of the raiding 
parties. As usual, Hanzan led us. There must have been about 30 of us on this raid, plus 
myself and Hakim, another first timer. We traveled for several days before we found the 
village we were after. We waited till dark to attack, then moved in quickly and silently. 
Suddenly pandemonium broke loose as we routed the sleepy, surprised, and disorganized 
villagers. Caught unprepared, they could not get organized to mount a defense. A few 
chose to stand and fight, but were quickly overwhelmed and slain, the rest fled, or tried to 
flee. We were able to capture 8 good looking women in that raid and a good pile of 
booty. We left quickly because we knew the villagers would re-group and try to counter-
attack. We also knew we could not hide the trail of 30 warriors, 8 prisoners, and our 
booty, so instead we covered as many miles as we could that night, then set an ambush. 
Sure enough, several hours later we saw their war party following our trail. They walked 
right into our ambush and we again caught them unawares. In the fight that followed, we 
killed more than half of their warriors before the rest fled. But we did not get off without 
casualties. Inexperience can be deadly: an enemy warrior disemboweled Hakim before 
himself falling to one of our swords. I myself killed one of their warriors.

We continued on that day, but that night we held a victory party. Some of the men caught 
a deer to provide fresh meat. We had also captured a keg of ale which we broke out. Then 
Hanzan had the prisoners brought forward. He ordered them to strip. They were clearly 
frightened. They had to know their fate, but they did not seem to want to believe it. 
Finally one of Hanzans body guards ripped the clothes from one of the women and 
applied a switch across her back making her cry out in pain. The others quickly got the 
message and removed their clothes. Hanzan studied them for a while, then selected 3 for 
himself. Next he called up two of his body guards and let them each choose one for 
themselves. The rest were to be village women, but tonight they were for the raiding 
party.

We took our turns with them. As the youngest member of the raiding party I was of 
course last in line, which meant the women were pretty well used by the time my turn 
came. I watched as the other men took their turns between the womens legs, thrusting 
away until they groaned and emptied themselves in the women. By the time it was my 
turn, cum from the other men was running out of their pussies. Being a horny young man, 
that didnt matter to me. All that mattered to me was that I was going to get to fuck real 
pussy. And of course the men knew this was my first time, my first pussy, and they 
cheered me on.

My first woman was older, probably in her 20s, with full breasts and wide hips. My dick 
was rock hard from watching the other men fucking the women and when it was my turn 
I moved between her legs and pointing my cock at her slit, pushed forward and in. She 
was stretched open and lubricated enough from all of the other men that I just slid right 
in. I grabbed her tits and started a rapid thrusting motion. I was vaguely aware of the 
lewd shouts of the other men, telling me to give it to her, to fuck her good. Of course it 
was only a few moments before my cock starting pulsing and shot my load into her. But 
wow! Not only did it feel physically terrific, but I was no longer a boy. I had fucked a 
woman, put my penis in her and fucked her! I had been on a raiding party and fucked a 
woman! I was now a man and a full fledged adult member of the clan. And of course 
entitled to fuck any of the village women and join in the evening festivities!

Of course we continued to party well into the night and I fucked all three of the village 
women we had captured before I fell asleep that night.

Life in the Village

Life was pretty good. Of course I was like a kid in a candy store  I had to try each of the 
village women (several times), and as an eager young man while I may have been 
somewhat quick to come, I could also get it up again quite rapidly, so I was always 
fucking. Some of the women were eager and seemed to enjoy the sex, while with some of 
the others it seemed more like something they were resigned to having to do. Didnt 
matter to me. The enthusiastic ones were fun and I really enjoyed them, but the resigned 
ladies were fun too, just for the fun of doing them, knowing they didnt really want it, and 
knowing that I was shooting my seed into their bellies anyway. At any time in the village, 
several of the village women were obviously pregnant. I even took a turn with one of 
them sometimes  not that I could get her any more pregnant than she already was. I 
usually fucked one woman in the morning, one in the afternoon, and then at least one at 
the evening party. During the day I could pretty much pick who I wanted and when, but 
in the evening I usually had to wait my turn, sometimes watching several of the other 
men fucking the woman I wanted before I got a turn between her legs (being the youngest 
and lowest ranked meant I went last).

One typical morning I saw Laurette (one of the village women) bending over, her large 
breasts bulging and I felt a stirring in my loins. Laurette was one of the enthusiastic 
ladies, maybe 5 years older than me, she already had 2 kids. Hey Laurette! Feel like 
taking ride on my hard pole? Lets go have some fun! I shouted. Oh goody! Id much 
rather feel you thrusting in me than doing this! Youre on! she answered. We quickly 
headed back behind one of the buildings and began groping each other. Her tits felt great 
in my hands as her hot tongue explored my mouth. We soon broke and ripped our clothes 
off so we could continue. Laying down we continued to grope each other. I slipped a 
finger into her wet box while she stroked my now rigid cock and cupped my balls. We 
were both gasping and simultaneously decided it was time to move on to the main event. 
She rolled over on her back, spreading her legs wide in lewd invitation, saying Come on 
baby. Fuck me. Fuck me good with that big cock of yours! I didnt need any 
encouragement and quickly brought the head to the entrance to her pussy. I rubbed it up 
and down a few times lubricating it with her juice, and then started to slide it in. She 
reached around and grabbing my ass, pulled me into her as she thrust up at me, pulling 
me in until our pubic bones ground together, causing both of us to groan with pleasure. I 
began thrusting into her, loving the feel of her pussy on my cock, the feel of my balls 
banging against her ass on each stroke. She was moaning and gasping, little Uh-uh-uh 
sounds as I fucked into her. She was bucking her hips up to meet me and soon she 
groaned, Keep going! Im almost there! Fuck me hard! I felt my body tensing, the 
sperm gathering and I knew I was close, that I wouldnt be able to hold out much longer. 
Oh! Im about to come in you! I moaned. With that she started bucking in orgasm, 
Yes, oh yes! Im coming! Fuck me! Come with me! She reached under and stroked my 
balls. That was it. I lunged into her as my felt my penis explode inside her. I groaned 
loudly as I started pumping spurt after spurt of my semen into her. She gasped, Yes, yes, 
do it! Come in me. Empty your balls for me stud! We laid together for a few moments, 
enjoying the pleasant sensations in our joined genitals while I slowly shrank back to 
normal size and eventually slipped out. I stood up admiring the sight of her well fucked 
pussy.

On another occasion I saw one of the less enthusiastic women bending over. Knowing 
that she resented her role, I walked about behind her and grabbing her hips, ground my 
crotch against her ass saying, Hey baby! Its time to fill that pussy with some hard cock 
and squirt my baby juice into you to make your belly swell. With that, I flipped up her 
skirt and dropped my pants, and planting my cock at the entrance to her pussy, rammed it 
in right there in the middle of the village, knowing this would just embarrass her more to 
be seen getting it in public. I reached over and grabbed her tits as I thrust away at her, my 
balls bouncing on her pussy. Oh baby! I can tell youre liking this hard cock by how wet 
you are getting. It wont be long now before I fill your belly with me seed. You may not 
like this, but your pussy sure knows what it needs and knows how to milk me. Soon I 
was hammering away furiously at her and moaning, Oh baby! Get ready! Im about to 
come in you! Ah-Ah-Ah-h-h! as I felt my cock swell up and start pulsing as I delivered 
my load in her. Finally when I was done I pulled out and walked away with a swagger, 
knowing how much Id pissed her off. I also noticed that my little show had gotten a lot 
of other people hot and I heard moans and groans coming from several of the buildings.

The village women were responsible for preparing dinner for us and serving us, so the 
evenings usually started with the men sitting around eating and drinking while the 
women served us. Outside if it was summer, inside during the winter. Typically we 
would sit around talking for a while, maybe playing games, but sooner or later one of the 
men would call for a woman or someone would call for some of the women to come and 
dance, which meant dance while removing their clothes for us. Before long all of the 
women would be nude and either the men would be fondling them, getting ready, or the 
women would be on their backs with a man thrusting away between their legs, or on their 
knees with a man ramming them from the rear. As the youngest, low man on the totem 
pole, I usually had to wait my turn, watching at least 2 or 3 other men take their turns 
with each woman, emptying their balls in them, before I got my turn. Of course by then, 
sperm was running out of their pussies and they were well lubricated by the previous 
deposits, so I would slip in easily. Before long I would feel the pressure building and then 
add my load to the mixture already inside the woman I had chosen that night.

As the months and years passed, I moved up in stature, earning renown for my bravery 
and ferocity on the raiding parties, until I was usually one of the first men with a woman 
at the nightly orgies, getting to enjoy a fresh, clean cunt and leaving my deposit for the 
men who followed me. All of the village women would eventually swell up in pregnancy 
from all of the male sperm we pumped into them. But despite this, and despite my 
position as one of the first with the women every night, I began to long for the 
opportunity to have women who were mine only, whom I knew I was impregnating. So I 
began to lay my plans.

Taking Power

I laid my plans well. I waited until we had completed a successful raid. As always, we 
had a drunken debauch that night celebrating our victory. I made sure old Hanzans 
personal guards had plenty to drink and that night I slit his throat as he slept and took his 
sword. Then two of my most trusted brothers and I quickly and quietly killed Hanzans 
guards before rousing the camp to proclaim my new Chieftainship. I replaced Hanzans 
guards with a few of my most trusted brothers. Of course the mere fact that they were 
brothers was no assurance they would not kill me in their turn to become Chieftain  I 
had to make sure they had enough rewards in their new positions to ensure at least some 
loyalty. Each of my new guards would have several wives of his own. To begin, each had 
a choice of one of the new captives for their own. Once we returned to the village, the 
wives of the old guards and any of Hanzans that I did not fancy would be divided among 
them.

Upon our return, I announced to the village that I was now the chieftain. My first job was 
to distribute the wives of the former guards to my new guards. I enjoyed the looks of lust 
in my brothers eyes as they selected their new wives. Next, I had to deal with my own 
harem. I called them all out, and they came with some trepidation  as the chieftains 
wives they had led privileged lives. For them, the change meant at best, the transition to a 
new master (me), or sale or trade to another clan, being given as a wife to one of my 
guards, or demotion to a village woman for use by all of the men. I lined the women up 
and quickly went through them. I did not feel like screwing my sisters, so they were 
immediately pulled out. My favorites I would trade to a friendly clan in exchange for 
some of their women. The others, and the other women I decided I did not want were 
then lined up. I allowed each of my guards to select another wife from this group, and the 
rest were given to the village  accompanied by many obscene cat-calls from the men. 
The men would enjoy sticking their dicks in these women who had until now been 
forbidden fruit for them. Tonight would be a real wild party for the men, with the new 
women.

Now I issued my first order: Today the men were not to touch the women until the 
evening party  I wanted the anticipation to build and the women to be fresh. Meanwhile, 
I contemplated which of my new wives was going to get to enjoy me first. I decided on 
one of the younger women, Chanilla, one of Hanzans recent additions, who, to my 
knowledge was not yet pregnant. The rest of my wives would help with the preparations 
for this evenings party, but they would not participate  they would remain in their 
chambers.

I spent the rest of the afternoon making my rounds of the village, seeing how MY people 
were doing, changing some things I had wanted to see done differently. Finally evening 
approached and the men began to assemble around the kegs of ale while the women 
began laying out the feast. Soon the fires were lit, and everyone was eating and drinking.

After everyone had eaten, I called for the new village women to come out and put on a 
show for us, stripping for the men. The veteran village women would almost certainly get 
some good fucking this evening, but all-in-all, they would get a rest with the new 
additions being the center of attention. The new village women all knew what to expect, 
except possibly some of the new captives. A few of the men produced drums and pipes 
and began playing as the women began a sensual dance, undulating their hips, and then 
gradually removing their few pieces of clothing until they was all dancing naked, breasts 
wiggling to the rhythm of the music while they continued to gyrate their hips. Some 
women were shaking them left to right with the occasional bump, while others were 
undulating, and a few were more explicitly thrusting their hips back and forth. The men 
were, for a short while, enraptured, watching the naked bodies, the breasts, the pubic hair, 
the full hips, thinking thoughts of lust.

Soon some of the senior men began calling individual women over to them, fondling 
them and soon demanding that they reciprocate. Before long, the first of the men had his 
woman on her back and was sinking his eager shaft into her. The others quickly followed 
suit and before long, some of the younger men, who knew they would have to wait quite 
a while for a turn with the new women, started calling over the veteran village women. 
Before long, all of the village women, veterans and newcomers alike, were stuffed with 
cock and the camp fire area was filled with the sounds of fucking. All of this of course 
was making me horny and I decided it was time for me to head to my tents and sate my 
lust with the woman I had chosen for this evening.

I entered my personal tent and found Chanilla laying naked on the furs as I had 
instructed. As I entered, she rolled onto her back spreading her legs to reveal her pussy 
and slowly, sensually, began running a finger up and down her slit, while wantonly 
thrusting her hips up at her fingers. I stood watching, feeling myself getting more aroused 
as I watched her. She then slid her hands up her body, cupping her full breasts. I quickly 
dropped my robe and joined her, the sensual feel of the furs against my naked body 
complementing the feel of her warm, soft flesh under my touch. I was already aroused 
and partially erect from the scenes outside and it did not take long until she had me fully 
hard and ready for her. Her hands running over my body felt delicious as she explored 
my mouth with her tongue. She cupped my balls and whispered how nice they were in 
her hands and how much she wanted me to fuck her and give her a baby. Her body felt 
and smelled delicious to my senses as I ran my hands over her soft yielding flesh, buried 
my face in her full breasts, and slid my finger though her slit, moistening it with her 
juices.

Soon I could not wait any longer. Chanilla laid back, spreading her legs wide in invitation 
for me as I crawled between them, my erection standing out in front of me in eager 
anticipation. I looked down at her delightful form as I ran the head up and down her slit, 
enjoying the view of this beautiful woman open and waiting for me. Then I began to slide 
inside and the velvety feel of her pussy around my cock was heaven. Of course I had 
fucked all of the village women many, many times, and they always felt wonderful, but 
this was different. While I knew the other womens bellies would swell with babies, this 
time I knew it would be mine  it would be my seed which swelled her belly.

My penis was in heaven. The stretched, full feeling of a great erection felt wonderful and 
then she began to squeeze with her vaginal muscles. I groaned and began thrusting inside 
her, slowly at first, savoring the feeling of her pussy massaging my dick. I could feel my 
balls hitting her ass, her ass hitting my thighs, our pubic bones grinding together, and the 
head of my penis brushing her cervix on each stroke. Chanilla was moaning in pleasure 
under me and I was groaning as our lust consumed us. Her breasts were pressed against 
my chest and I slid back and forth on her to further stimulate them. She reached around 
and I felt her fingers running over my ball sack as I fucked her. Cmon lover, fuck me, 
fuck me good she whispered. I want your cream, I want to feel you shooting in me. 
Give me a baby with that big dick of yours.

Soon I was pounding furiously into her cunt. She started whining in a high pitched voice, 
Oh yes. Right there! Youre gonna make me cum. More, please, keep fucking me, 
harder! And I complied, crashing into her with all of my energy until she squealed and I 
felt her body go rigid in orgasm. And I felt the familiar pre-cum filling at the base of my 
cock as my body prepared to deliver my seed to her womb. Oh yes. Im gonna cum in 
you. Im gonna fill you up I gasped. Oh yes! Do it! Do it! Let it go! Give it to me! she 
cried. I felt my penis swelling, getting ready to erupt but I held out as long as I could, 
prolonging the delight, when suddenly I felt a zip up the length of my penis and I knew 
the first of my seed had just shot into her. A couple of more strokes and I felt a massive 
surge as my staff of life began to pump my cum into her. I pushed into her, the head of 
my cock as deep in her as possible, and felt the pulsing as I emptied myself in her, 
bathing her cervix in my seed. We lay together for a long while, enjoying the residual 
contractions as our bodies worked to coax the last drops from my balls.

We fell asleep nestled together, the warm feeling of having emptied my load in a woman, 
the nice empty feeling in my groin that follows a good orgasm, the thought of my seed 
fertilizing her womb, my last thoughts as I drifted off for the night. During the night, per 
my instructions, Chanilla left and another woman Roxana, from my new harem was 
waiting for me when I awoke  waiting to bear my child. I beckoned her over and soon I 
was sliding my morning erection into her. I rode her until I creamed her insides.

Life Goes On

Over the next several days I worked my way through all of my newly acquired women, 
giving each of them a ride on my cock and a belly full of my seed. Soon enough Chanilla, 
Roxana, and several of my other women began to swell with my babies.

Before long I decided it was time to lead my first raiding party as the new Chieftain. 
Some of our scouts had located a suitable target village and so one day, after proper 
preparation ceremonies, our raiding party set out. As we neared the village our scouts 
gave us updated details about the village location and routine. We planned our attack and 
as usual, we were successful, taking the villagers by surprise, driving off or killing the 
men and capturing many of the women of child bearing years. After our escape was 
complete, we celebrated as usual, but of course, for the first time, I was chieftain, so I got 
to select the women I would keep for myself, or deliver to my lieutenants, with the others 
to be given to the village. There was something special about these war party 
celebrations. Both the thrill of danger and our reward for it, and the taking of the captives 
for the first time. Now they were new and fresh. Some of them would beg and plead for 
us not to screw them, some were resigned, and a few were even enthusiastic (of course 
the women changed over time once back in the village, but at this point this was new, a 
shock for them). And part of the fun was seeing the different reactions.

For myself I selected two women, one younger, newly flowered into womanhood, and 
another, several years older, fully developed with large breasts and wide hips. The rest of 
the women went to the village. Of course we posted guards, and tried to keep the noise 
level down a bit since we were still in strange territory. Since the women were new 
captives, we of course didnt go for our usual strip dances and such. Instead, I sent my 
older choice to my tent (bound of course so she could not escape) and sat with my 
younger choice, while several of the men took the other women and stripped them to the 
hoots, hollers, and general amusement of the rest of the men. Of course the men stripping 
the women had fun with them, making all sorts of lewd motions and suggestions of what 
was to come this evening. I sat fondling my young woman, letting my hands roam over 
her body so there was little doubt about my intentions toward her. She was tense, 
frightened under my touch  oh well.

The men decided a real show was in order. Rolf, one of our senior warriors and a rather 
intimidating man (large, fierce looking with long wild hair) grabbed one of the now 
naked captives from behind and cupping her breasts, began to simulate intercourse with 
her. Soon he dropped one of his hands to her crotch and began exploring her pussy while 
continuing to roll her nipples in his other hand. Before long he stopped with an 
exaggerated look of mock surprise on his face, and pulling his finger from her pussy 
looked at it, now moist with her juices. With a comical expression, he cocked his head to 
one side in feigned puzzlement, then sniffed his finger, his eyes going wide. Now he 
stripped off his clothes to reveal a massive cock, already nearly erect. He turned the 
woman around and licked her from her belly up to her breasts, which he quickly popped 
into his mouth. Still standing, he grabbed her ass and sliding his hard cock between her 
legs, pretended to fuck her standing up, while looking over his shoulder at the rest of us, 
grinning. The men were all shouting, Fuck her! Fuck her! So Rolf shrugged, looked at 
the woman, pointed to the other men urging him on, and then pointed to his stiff dick and 
her pussy.

Now he moved her to her knees and mounted her from behind, for real. At first he 
continued to ham it up, but soon began to loose himself in the pleasure of the act. 
Throughout the play, the woman was obviously highly embarrassed by the liberties being 
taken with her body, and by the fact that her pussy was obviously responding to Rolfs 
antics. The senior men had each grabbed one of the other village women and were 
exploring their bodies while watching the show, running their hands over their breasts, 
pussies, and elsewhere. The women all knew that soon they were going to be taking our 
cocks and our sperm in their pussies. The reality that they would come to accept, sooner 
or later, was that their old lives were over. Starting today, there bellies would swell 
repeatedly with the seed of our loins.

After a while Rolf rolled the woman over on her back and really began to pound into her. 
Oh man, shes gonna make me cum! he shouted, Im gonna cream her good! The rest 
of the men were cheering him on. After a few more thrusts he lunged into her, filling her 
with his cum. After a few minutes resting inside her, he pulled out, and once again the 
ham, looked down at his now wet and shrinking penis with mock surprise and concern. 
Then spreading her legs wide for all to see, he looked into her pussy and with surprise, 
pointed to his semen, visible in her vagina. Giving his balls a little jiggle, he got up and 
headed to relieve one of the guards on duty, so that he too could enjoy the fruits of 
victory. The other men now began to get serious with their women and one of the men 
who did not yet have a woman, grabbed the recently fucked woman and began fondling 
her as he prepared to fuck her again and add his load to Rolfs in her pussy.

My fingers were already wet with pussy juice from my new woman. She was scared, but 
the scene was also turning her on. She had been moaning and squirming against my touch 
since part way through Rolfs show. She could undoubtedly feel me starting to get hard 
behind her during the show. Now I rolled over and feasted my eyes on her naked form, 
her nice breasts and dark pubic patch inviting me in. Stripping off my clothes I let her 
look at my erection, the hard shaft I was about to bury in her. Her eyes were wide as she 
looked at it, as I brought it to the entrance to her pussy and slid it up and down, 
lubricating the tip, spreading her lips for entry. And then I started to slid in. But I ran into 
a barrier. She must be a virgin! My first virgin! I withdrew and pushed in again. She 
winced but I was again stopped by her maidenhead. H-m-m. This was a new experience 
for me. I began a series of short strokes, the head of my penis hitting her hymen with 
each stroke, each time a bit harder, and then suddenly it gave way and I was sliding in. 
She gasped but I slid in until our pubic bones met. I had deflowered my first virgin. Mine 
was the first cock to penetrate her and mine would be the first seed to fill her womb. In 
fact, with a little luck, mine would be the only for quite a while.

I rested a while inside her, twitching occasionally, letting her get used to the feeling of a 
man inside her. As I rested, I looked around and saw several of the men fucking, their 
asses rising and falling between the spread legs of a woman as they worked to spread our 
seed. Soon I could not wait any longer, and began moving inside my recently de-flowered 
prize. She was tight, her pussy really gripping my cock. I could feel my balls hitting her 
ass on each stroke. Gradually my pace quickened and soon I could tell that the end was 
near. I could feel the swelling at the base of my penis as my load gathered in preparation 
for ejaculation into this fresh, virgin pussy. By now I was hammering away, groaning in 
pleasure, and then I felt the first pulse as an initial jet of cum blasted out of my dick and 
deep into her pussy. I kept pounding for a few more strokes, and then my cock let go and 
began a steady pumping as I drove myself against her and held myself as deeply in her as 
possible as jet after jet of cum rocketed through my cock and into her waiting pussy. 
Finally I finished, but stayed in her for a while longer, pulsing occasionally as I tried to 
push the last few drops into her. Finally, exhausted and pleasantly drained, I led her to 
my tent where I tied her to a post so she could not escape during the night. After a quick 
check on the guards, I fell into a deep, well earned sleep.

New Additions

Most of the women my age and younger were not related to me. Many of them had 
Hanzan as a father (for the others, born of the village women  the father could be 
anyone). A few close to my age shared a mother with me, but most of these were already 
part of Hanzans harem when I took over and I had traded them off to other villages. This 
meant that all of the young women now maturing into woman hood were unrelated to me 
and I looked forward to adding many of them to my harem. Of course I continued to fuck 
my current women and to add new women as the spoils of raids on other villages, and my 
women continued to swell on a regular basis with babies I deposited in their wombs.

But the young women in the village provided a different temptation. Unlike my current 
harem, they were not yet mine, but unlike the spoils of war, I got to see them everyday as 
they matured. We all knew that the day would come, sooner for some, later for others, 
when most of them would join my harem and I would enjoy sinking my cock into them, 
filling their bellies. But in the meantime, I had to wait, watch, and anticipate.

Like myself at a young age, sex was no secret to the young girls and as their hormones 
began to kick in, they began to take an active interest in the subject. They saw the adults 
engaged in sexual activity, both during the day and at the regular evening orgies. Of 
course, the girls all knew that their future involved riding the chieftains, i.e. my, cock 
and as their hormones kicked in, they enjoyed teasing me, trying to show some of their 
developing breasts or uncovered asses, or just flirting suggestively with me. In return, I 
would sometimes reward them with a wicked look or a rub of my crotch.

Yvette was one of these flowering young women, as much in heat as any of them and 
constantly trying to tantalize me with her developing body. Finally the day arrived when 
she met the criteria for induction into my harem. She had been ovulating regularly for the 
required time and met the minimum age criteria. She was at mid-cycle and ready to 
become a woman. On the appointed day she underwent the ritual womanhood 
ceremonies with several of the older women from my harem. I awaited her, naked, on my 
furs in my tent. When she had been prepared, she was led to my tent clothed in a light 
wrap. Now that it came down it, she turned out to be a bit shy, blushing a bit before me, 
but staring in rapt fascination at my genitals, the cock she would soon be riding, the balls 
from which would spring my seed. I grinned at her, saying, Well. It looks like you are 
finally ready. After all that teasing well see if I can quench that fire of yours. Why dont 
you take off that wrap so I can see that body you have been teasing me with. She 
complied and I got to savor the view of her naked body, ready for her first fuck. Come 
on over here so we can start to explore each other. Now of course I had had many, many 
women by this time, but I was her first man. Yes, she had seen naked men, couples 
fucking in the village, but this was to be the first time she actually got to touch a mans 
genitals and feel him respond to her.

She sank down next to me on the furs and we began to kiss as we ran our hands over each 
others bodies, our tongues exploring each others mouths. It only took a few moments 
until I was rock hard and her pussy was sopping wet. Both of our bodies were more than 
ready, eager for the mating to come. But I wanted to prolong things a bit. I explored her 
body with both my hands and mouth, all over, sucking her breasts, kissing all over her 
body, and eventually burying my mouth in her pussy. She in turn ran her hands over my 
body, learning the feel of me, and of my throbbing cock in her hands. She cupped my 
balls, eliciting gasps of pleasure from me, and tentatively licked my shaft. Time for 
further instruction later. Enough was enough  I couldnt wait any longer. Laying her 
back on the furs, she spread her legs in invitation for me and waited for me to mount her.

She gasped at the first contact of my penis with her vaginal lips, and then I was sliding 
into, bumping into her maidenhead. She had been counseled on the deflowering and bit 
her lip as I broke through, entering her fully. She looked up into my eyes, the eyes of the 
father of her children, as I rested inside her. Soon I began the primal thrusting, designed 
to bring forth new life through the mixing of male and female. She sighed, closing her 
eyes, enjoying the ride. Soon however, the sensations began to overtake her and she 
began rutting up at me, meeting my strokes, grinding her pussy on my cock and gasping 
as I ploughed her pussy. Before long her body began to jerk in orgasm as she uttered high 
pitched little gasps. Soon my own orgasm starting building and as I sensed it approaching 
I whispered, Oh, Im getting close. Im about to cum in you. Your hot little pussy is 
going to make me cum. Oh yes! she moaned, Do it! Do it! Let me have it! I want to 
feel you cumming in me! That did it. I felt my cock swell in my last few strokes and 
then start pulsing as I buried the head against her womb and emptied my load inside her. 
As we lay there she had the smuggest look on her face. She was definitely proud to be a 
woman, to have made a man cum inside her, to take his load.

Yvette did not catch that month, but not through lack of trying. She did however catch the 
next month and was soon wandering the village proudly showing off her swollen belly.

While I enjoyed the first times with the new members of the harem, I also continued to 
enjoy my time in the arms and pussies of the more mature members of my harem. Having 
borne several children, these women were usually not as tight as the fresh young ones. 
And they lacked the eagerness of the new experiences the younger ones were having. 
Instead, they often had a deeper, more earthy sensuousness about them. Their hips tended 
to be wider, their breasts fuller, and their attitude just had something extra about them. 
All in all, life is good. It is good to drive your enemies before you, enjoy their women as 
the spoils of victory, and to be the dominant male, enjoying the bodies of the women.

