“Sorry about the misunderstanding,” John said mildly to the hastily reassembled conference room attendees.

“You didn’t think to share with us that you’ve got the Ancient gene?” Colonel Sumner asked, eyes dark with suspicion.

John resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “As I told Dr. McKay and Dr. Beckett and about seven other people, genetics isn’t one of my people’s strong suits and we don’t have a lot of the Ancestor’s technology left on our world. I didn’t know I had this Ancient gene.”

Sumner opened his mouth, no doubt to say something suspicious, and McKay hastily jumped in. “Look, that’s not the point. The point is I want Sheppard to sit in the Chair.”

“What?”

“Absolutely not.”

“High Lord, there could be risks involved…”

“Rodney, I’m not sure that’s such a good idea,” Elizabeth rounded out the universal objections coming from the various occupants of the room.

“I’m not sure that’s such a good idea,” John interjected. All he’d been able to get out of McKay about this chair so far was…chair. The man had been too intent on first making sure that John didn’t crash them into a fiery death in the jumper (they’d only been hovering a few feet off the ground for cryin’ out loud) and then too intent on freaking out about everybody freaking out. “What’s so special about this chair anyway?”

“It’s a control chair. It links in with the city’s defense systems among other things. We think it can actually control the whole city if necessary,” Rodney explained impatiently, ignoring Elizabeth’s sharp “Rodney!” and Sumner’s murderous look.

“I see,” John said slowly and for once felt totally in sympathy with the ‘about to have an embolism’ Colonel Sumner. “McKay, I can’t sit in that chair.”

“What? Why not?” Rodney moved from frowning at everyone else to just frowning at John.

“I’m the leader of a separate planet, McKay,” John said slowly, trying to spell it out in military theory even a scary obsessed scientist would understand. “You can’t let a foreign leader sit in a chair that could theoretically give said foreign leader control over your entire city. What if I’m evil?”

“I’m glad someone here understands,” Sumner said, actually shooting a look of approval at John. At least the alien understood.

“But you’re not evil. You’re our ally,” Rodney protested.

“Potential ally,” John corrected, resisting the urge to roll his eyes. “We haven’t even signed any official treaties yet. And I know I’m not evil. But you don’t.”

“I think I would know,” Rodney insisted.

“Oh really,” Sumner shot Rodney a narrow eyed glare. “And why is that?”

“Well because…uh…” Rodney blinked, stymied for once. Now did not seem to be the time to say that he had faith in the hot extraterrestrial because he gave really, really good head.

“I…” Rodney’s voice was approaching a whine as Elizabeth jumped in with a tone that brooked no nonsense.

“Rodney, I think what we’re all trying to say here is that, however promising our new relationship with the Leiathans looks, it’s a little early in our relationship to give John the keys to Atlantis.”

“Yeah, maybe next trip,” John smiled, finding the whole thing amusing now.

“But…”

“No Rodney.” Elizabeth’s tone was firm and clearly meant to end the discussion.

“You have enough test subjects Doctor,” Sumner said acidly, still extremely pissed off that McKay was going around spilling secrets about Atlantis all the hell over the place. Damn scientists.

“But…”

“NO!!!”

************************************************************************

It was late at night and Rodney and John were finally alone in the guest suite assigned to Sheppard. His bodyguards were right next door and not happy about it. Boyd had protested vigorously but despite being twice John’s size had been outmaneuvered by the whole High Lord thing. Rodney was happy because being alone meant…”touch it.”

“I don’t want to touch it,” there was a hint of a whine in the High Lord’s voice in addition to sounding tired and cranky.

“Don’t be such a baby, just touch it,” Rodney insisted.

“I’m getting a headache,” came the protest.

“Oh for crying out…okay, last time,” Rodney wheedled.

“Promise?”

“I promise, just touch it.”

Sheppard hissed out an irritated sigh and took the latest artifact of the Ancients Rodney had smuggled into the suite.

It immediately lit up and Rodney practically hummed with pleasure as he quickly scanned the merrily glowing artifact with several instruments he’d also smuggled in.

“Y’know if we blow ourselves up, the alliance is probably off,” John muttered, even as his own eyes couldn’t resist examining the odd, almost square object with the colorful squiggly patterns decorating the sides.

“Oh please, I only brought the stuff I’m pretty sure is safe. I left the potentially deadly weapons in the lab.”

“If you don’t know what they do then how can you know they’re not dangerous,” John pointed out. Again. They’d been having variations of this conversation for the past hour.

“I mostly know what they do,” Rodney answered. Again.

“So what does this one do?” John asked.

“Uh, it’s either a pencil sharpener or it’s a reality phase shifter.”

“Really?” John’s eyes narrowed with interest as he leaned in to study the thing.

“No,” Rodney rolled his eyes. “It doesn’t emit nearly enough energy to be a reality phase shifter.”

John shot Rodney a narrow eyed glare. “Why am I doing this again? You have this Ancient gene right? You’ve got other people with the Ancient gene. So why don’t you initialize stuff?”

“I already told you,” Rodney said impatiently. “I’m not as strong in the gene as you obviously seem to be. That’s why it’s important to try everyone who has the gene. You seem to have a really strong pull. A lot of this stuff no one’s been able to turn on until you. I really need you to sit in the Chair.”

“I think Colonel Sumner would shoot me if I tried to sit in the Chair,” John said dryly.

“Well obviously we wouldn’t tell Sumner,” Rodney said, trying to think of a way to get John to the Chair alone. Maybe some emergency that required all the marines and scientists to go to…

“No Rodney,” John said firmly. “Remember the whole alliance thing? Remember the jovash?”

Rodney straightened up at the Leiath term for coffee. “You’re right,” he finally said reluctantly. “We should wait until we get the coffee shipment.” He reached out and took another object from his backpack. “Now touch this one.”

John studied the object Rodney was holding on the palm of one hand with narrowed eyes. Right, time to take some countermeasures or he was going to be fondling the equipment of the Ancestors all night, which, okay, that had just come out very, very wrong. But anyway, he had other things he wanted to be fondling.

“Wait, what are you…careful that’s fragile…oh,” Rodney found himself on his back with a very determined High Lord removing his clothes. “I guess we can, uh, test the rest of the tech later,” he mumbled which quickly turned into a moan as Sheppard bit him right below his collarbone and started licking his way south in a hot trail.

“Really?” John murmured against Rodney’s chest where he scraped his teeth roughly against Rodney’s nipple before pressing down hard with his tongue, smiling in satisfaction at the moan it brought. “Because I could keep testing it. I mean it’s for science and all, right?” he made as if to get off of Rodney and smothered a chuckle when the other man quickly threaded his hands through John’s hair, yanking him back down. John continued working his way downwards enjoying the gasps and mutters coming from the other man and then he froze, not sure if he’d just heard what he was pretty damn sure he’d just heard.

Rodney came up slowly from the haze of High Lord induced lust clouding his senses. “What,” he asked groggily. “Why did you stop?” Stopping was really not acceptable at this point. He blinked in confusion and met narrowed green eyes.

“Did you just call me your Interstellar Overlord Sex Babe?!” The voice was raspy and furious and shot straight to Rodney’s groin even as he felt the flutter of panic. Oh shit. He’d said it out loud?

“Uh, no?”

“You did! You just…” John looked like he was caught somewhere between laughing and beating the crap out of Rodney. Since John was a trained soldier and seemed to be scarily competent for a not so evil Overlord, Rodney really, really hoped he decided to go with the former.

“It’s an…endearment?” He offered hopefully.

“It’s really not,” John gritted out through clenched teeth as he glared down at Rodney before quick as lightning Rodney found himself on his stomach, pants being jerked down. Okay, this was bad. This could be very, very…oh Jesus, oh fuck this was good. A strangled moan escaped Rodney. Oh, God this was good. Rodney let out what he was pretty sure was a girly whimper as he felt two slick fingers enter him but he was too busy having a brain melt to care.

“Where the fuck did the lube come from?” he moaned out the question, feeling the slick heat penetrating him, opening him up.

“Oh, we Interstellar Overlord Sex Babe types always carry lubricant around with us,” was the sarcastic response which Rodney barely registered because, oh Jesus, a third finger was being added, rough enough to make Rodney hiss a protest against it even as he pushed down against the fingers in an instinctive craving for more. The fingers withdrew and he might have whimpered a protest except that a large hand reached forward and wrapped itself around his dick and, oh yes, okay that was really, really a fair trade; no question. “Oh, Jesus, yes, please, fuck, more, harder, oh John, fuck,” and then Rodney pretty much lost the ability to produce coherent words when John’s tongue starting tracing down and into Rodney’s ass, the warm, slick, hot flexible muscle of John’s tongue delving deep even as John’s hand ruthlessly moved up and down Rodney’s dick in an almost too hard steady rhythm.

Rodney felt his brain, his dick, every fucking cell in his body on the verge of exploding and then the bastard shifted his pace, the steady, almost painful grip gentling, becoming teasing fingers, gliding up and down as John nibbled his way down Rodney’s spine, teeth sinking gently into the skin beneath his tailbone and Rodney rediscovered his tongue for the sole purpose of cursing Sheppard for the teasing bastard that he was

“Just trying to live up to my ‘Sex Babe’ reputation,” John said, his voice easy as if he was strolling through a fucking park except there was an undertone, a dark raspy quality that told Rodney his High Lord wasn’t quite as unaffected as he was trying for. Going with that, Rodney reached back blindly and shifting managed to get his hand around Sheppard’s dick and, hah, it was hard and ready and heavy and hearing John’s strangled hiss Rodney snarled “do you really want to keep torturing me or do you want to make your dick happy?”

He felt Sheppard push his hand away and smirk out, voice not nearly so insouciant now, ragged along the edges, “tempting choices both but I’m thinking I’ll go for option two.”

A fleeting moment of smug triumph was all Rodney had time for before Sheppard was pushing deep into him in one relentless thrust and Rodney’s mind went scarily blank, feeling nothing but the pulsing of Sheppard’s cock sending an overload of need through his system; scattering every rational thought. John’s hand was back to being ruthless on Rodney’s own cock and the combination of the dick driving hard and ruthless into him and the hand working him in genius counter rhythm had Rodney screaming out his orgasm even as John was giving a strangled moan of his own, shuddering as he went over the edge with a deep, final thrust into Rodney.

When it was over Rodney and John lay on the bed side by side. Rodney wondered if there was a way to not ever have to move again. And also how many brain cells he’d just lost. Yes, he had way more than pretty much any other person in two galaxies but still…his mind was priceless. He couldn’t keep having mind damaging sex.

Oh, who the fuck was he kidding? For this? He would sacrifice a few brain cells. He’d still be smarter than everyone else.

He heard John huff out a contented sigh and then turn his head and Rodney looked over to meet his gaze. His Interstellar Sex Babe was smirking at him; a dangerous gleam in his eyes.

“Rodney, just so you know? If you ever call me that where another living person can hear you...you will not survive the day.”

“That’s fair.”