Title: The Ten-Year Itch
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Debbie decides to finally use the hypnotic triggers she put
in her best friend Misty and her then-boyfriend Joe to live out her
fantasy of having a threesome with them at a 10-year high school
reunion.
Keywords: MC FD MF FF

The Ten-Year Itch
by bobwhite
                          * * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's Note: This story is for "Twisted's (Twisted 68) Story
Exhibition," which ran from late May, 2005 to June 12th, 2005. We were
to submit a story synopsis, get a random one from a moderator in the
contest, and write a story to the synopsis we got. I ended up with one
involving hypnosis, a personal writing/reading bane of mine. But, I
think I worked this one out fairly well. Feedback is always
appreciated.*

                          * * * * * * * * * * *

Debbie sat at table #14, nervously folding and unfolding an old sheet
of notebook paper she'd stashed away ten years ago, stopping sometimes
to read the sketchy contents of the page.

'I'm going to do it. I will. I will. I'm going through with it,' she
repeatedly told herself, building her resolve. She'd started
preparations for this night a decade ago, when she was younger, less
careful, and constantly horny. The very first step was actually taken
well before that week when she, her best friend Misty, and then-
boyfriend Joe went on that overnight field trip at the end of their
senior year... much before that trip, in fact. Continuing to fidget
with the piece of paper, she delved into her memories and relived how
her life changed before she was even a teenager.

Esmeralda Connings, Debbie Hatcher's grandmother, was a rather famous
(for her day) stage hypnotist. Debbie was twelve years old when she
first met her very wealthy grandmother, and when she had spoken a few
words of greeting to the elderly woman, she noticed her grandma's eyes
light up slightly. In one day, Esmeralda had convinced Debbie's mother
and father to let Debbie spend the summer with her.

It took her all night long to convince Simon, Debbie's dad--and the
argument must have been harsh indeed, because even to this day Debbie
could remember the screaming and pounding on her grandma's bedroom
wall that went on all night; it even sounded like they were tearing
the room apart! During the fight, when Esmeralda's strange and
incoherent screams were particularly loud, Debbie's mother gently
reassured her daughter and told her that everything would be alright.

By the end of the summer, Debbie would agree. She had a tone of voice
that her grandmother noticed right away, and with a little instruction
and a lot of practice on the people in her grandma's neighborhood, she
figured out how to do more with hypnosis than most Freudian
hypnotherapists ever dreamed possible. Within a week of moving home,
she had both parents wrapped around her finger, and she got nearly
everything she wanted.

Nearly.

There was one small thing she was too nervous, too self-conscious to
get.

*Sex.*

When she started getting really interested in boys, she initially
thought she had it made. Debbie was very pretty and her chest was
well-developed, even as a teenager--at 15, she graduated to a D-cup
bra, something she was very proud of. Her face was free of blemishes,
her skin was creamy, her eyes dark and piercing... and her ass was to
die for, if you could look all the way up her *very* long legs to find
it.

But, there was a problem. As much as she loved watching the boys,
looking at their asses, and imagining what their cocks would feel like
in her hands, in her mouth, in her pussy--and even at that age, she
wondered what they'd feel like in her *ass*--she could not deny her
growing confusion, a confusion that reared its head at the end of
every gym class when the girls were all naked and showering. She
thought the girls were just as hot.

One time, in fact, she faked a stumble so she could grasp the breasts
of Cindy, a cheerleader who was the prettiest girl in her gym class.
She had to leave her next class early to frig off in the bathroom just
from the memory! And, with one hand fiercely massaging her clit and
the other under her bra and twisting her right nipple hard, she
started to build a fantasy that involved her, a hot boy, and a hot
chick.

She'd started dating the son of her father's friend after a
surprisingly successful blind date. His name was Joe, and he was
unaware of how good he looked--or if he was aware, he was much too shy
to use his looks to his advantage. Debbie had found the shyness pretty
cute for such a hot boy, and a series of movies, dinners, kisses, and
even a few awkward minutes of "heavy petting" followed over the summer
between her sophomore and junior years at high school.

Because he was so nervous one night when they were necking in his car,
she offered to help relax him with her well-practiced techniques. That
night, she somewhat-entranced boy became a man. In a flash of
inspiration, she had kept him from climaxing until she was good and
ready--and two hours of fucking later, she was satisfied enough to let
him get off.

Debbie repeated this several times, working and tinkering with her
boyfriend's mind. As she did, she realized that she wanted her, Joe,
and her best friend Misty to have a threesome. That presented a few
major problems, though: Misty hated Joe, Joe hated Misty, and Misty
was straight.

As the mid-terms for her senior year's classes approached, she and
Misty were studying nightly. Finally, when Misty was talking about
just winging it on the tests, Debbie got her opportunity to get inside
Misty's mind and root around. With the door to Misty's room locked for
privacy, she began the process.

An hour later, she was rubbing her pussy into the face of her best
friend, smearing Misty's makeup and bringing herself to a quick
(albeit quiet, as Misty's parents were in the house) orgasm. While
Misty was in the alternate personality Debbie had made for her
("Bislut," she called it), she was a very horny and active lover...
even if she didn't remember any of it when she woke up.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Suddenly, the song changed, and Stone Temple Pilots' "Plush" started
playing, snapping Debbie back to reality. Debbie looked down at the
words on the paper, carefully going over her notes from the old days
at Kackenburg High when she first started to use her abilities to get
sex.

"I can't believe I used those words as triggers," Debbie said out
loud. She had the scenario already set up in her mind--that had been
done ten years ago--and now, she even had a room set up in the hotel
this ten year high school reunion was being held that would have all
the necessary amenities to make that fantasy finally come to life.

Looking up, she saw Joe wander in, stag. 'Big surprise there--I bet
he's still the biggest introvert in the world. I bet he also drives
all the women he works with crazy without knowing it,' Debbie mused.
Joe was as handsome as ever, dressed nicely... and, thankfully,
dateless. Debbie got up to say hello to her ex-boyfriend, and after
exchanging the normal pleasantries one expects to hear at a meeting of
this sort, she noticed a gold band on his left ring finger.

And then, in walked a beautiful woman with large breasts, flared hips,
and a tight blue dress. She put her arm possessively around Joe,
kissed his cheek, and offered her hand to Debbie.

"Hi! I'm Gwen, Joe's wife. You must be Debbie, he's talked so much
about you...." she said, but Debbie heard no more than that. This
"Gwen" was a *Goddess*, and Debbie knew that possessive hold she had
on Joe... it was one she herself had enjoyed a decade ago. Apparently,
Joe was OK with the idea of not wearing the pants in a relationship--
this angel probably told him when to breathe.

"Hi, I'm Debbie. And yes, I'm the one you've heard so many tales
about, if Joe ever talks about high school anymore!" Debbie said,
feigning mirth and excitement at meeting a woman who was more than her
match under normal circumstances. As they talked (Debbie being pretty
much on "small-talk autopilot" and not paying attention to either what
was being said to her or what she was saying), she caught sight of
Misty.

Misty hadn't filled out much. At just over five feet tall, she was
pretty much as short as she'd been in school. Her black cocktail dress
(a little too dressy for the hotel, but not too much so) revealed a
nice body, albeit without many curves. This was the type of woman,
Debbie thought, who came to her practice for help in quitting
smoking--
and the ones who looked this good also got some additional therapy
that usually involved the patient tongue-massaging the therapist while
under trance.

As Debbie's panties dampened at that brief thought, she realized that
she was more than a match for even Gwen's divine beauty. She was going
to take this man from under her grasp, even if for one night... and
there'd nothing Mrs. Hotstuff would be able to do about it.

As the four of them took a seat at a table Debbie had arranged for
her, Joe, and Misty to sit at (an additional chair and place setting
had to be brought in for Gwen), she sprung her plan into action by
first separating everybody. Since Joe was with Gwen, she dropped a lot
of hints that they should have some drinks so she and Misty could
catch up... and when Gwen agreed and held out her hand to Joe, he took
it and followed her like a dog follows his master... 'Or Mistress,'
Debbie thought as she set her eyes on Misty.

"So, Misty... how's it been for you? We haven't talked much since
graduation," Debbie began. "You look a little tense, honey," Debbie
added, suddenly remembering the only trigger she left Misty that would
make her want to relax. It was a weak trigger, but it worked to get
her in a state where she would appreciate a good relaxation technique
or two.

Immediately rubbing her suddenly tense shoulder, Misty responded,
"Well, girl, so much has happened. After college, I got an entry-level
job at an accounting firm in St. Louis, so I was far away from the old
gang here... and let's just say that 50-hour-plus weeks don't leave
much time for getting a man... much less getting laid! I see Joey
isn't having too much trouble though--I wonder, have you kept up with
him? Is he still..." Misty began to ask, suddenly lowering her voice
to a whisper, "a real asshole? And how did he get a girl like that?"

Debbie had by this point moved behind Misty and had begun to massage
her shoulders. "Wow, you are tense. No, we haven't kept in contact too
much," Debbie began, slowly turning Misty so that she was facing
directly the decorative plasma ball on the table. "Hey, go ahead and
play with the ball while I rub your shoulders... it's very relaxing.
Trust me, I'm a pro," Debbie said.

"Yeah, I heard you became a therapist," Misty said, leisurely dragging
her fingers along the glass sphere, watching the colorful streamers
meet her fingertips as Debbie relaxed her. "Hypnosis, isn't it?"

"Yes," Debbie answered. "If you like, well, we have a few minutes... I
could help you relax a bit. You look a little tense, honey," she said,
reinforcing the probably-stale trigger.

"Yesssss... that soundsss... nice...," Misty slurred as she stared
deeply into the center of the plasma ball, occasionally shifting her
focus onto the various streamers that now randomly struck the inside
of the globe since Misty had ceased touching it.

"Just listen to my voice, Misty. Focus on the colors in the ball. I'll
get you all fixed up and relaxed, OK?" Debbie said softly into Misty's
ear, barely able to resist a little lick or nibble.

"OK...," Misty dreamily said, sighing as she started to slip under.

"Just relax, hon. Relax your legs, your back, your arms. Let you face
slacken, don't force any expression. Just slip down to that spot just
above sleep...," Debbie intoned. "I'll even count down for you, so you
don't go too fast... and when I get to one, you'll be totally stress-
free, totally relaxed, and it'll feel great, I promise. You trust me,
don't you?"

"Yesssssssss...." Misty, who for some reason beyond her conscious
understanding, wanted more than to forget her troubles and just...
relax.

"Each number will drive you further down, till all you hear is my
voice... not the crowd here, not the music, not even your own
thoughts. Just me. Ready?"

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm," Misty moaned. Debbie took it as a "yes," although at
this point Misty was already beyond being able to say "no."

"Three. Deeper and deeper... way, way down...."

Misty's eyes fluttered.

"Two. Deeper and deeper. Way down...."

Misty's head bobbled slightly and pitched forward.

"One. Deeper. Way, way, way down...."

Misty's eyes closed and her head tilted forward. And there it stayed.

"Let's go back ten years or so, honey... do you remember Bislut?"
Debbie began. She'd done a lot of "research" on her own brand of
hypnosis over the years, and was pleased by Misty's monotone
responses--they indicated that even after a decade, the suggestions
were still fresh.

By the time Gwen and Joe were back, Misty was more than a little
horny... and trying not to check out the babe who had managed to land
Joe. She even started to hope that Joe wasn't the shithead he had been
in school... although remembering how he looked, Bislut Misty was
surprised that she had never overlooked her raw hatred for the smart-
ass and fucked him behind Debbie's back.

"Hey Misty," Debbie said, "didn't you say you had to visit the power
room?" Debbie asked, knowing that her recent instructions would help
separate Joe from his apparent owner.

Suddenly needing to do just that, Misty nodded and invited Gwen to
come along. Gwen kissed Joe on the cheek and sauntered off behind
Debbie, allowing Debbie the minutes alone she'd need with Joe.

"Hey, Joe, what do you know?" She smiled as she said his initial
trigger, one that worked on him like "you look a little tense, honey"
worked on Misty. Moving quickly behind him, she started to put him
under, realizing that this was the point of no return.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Joe appeared to be his normal self when Gwen and Misty returned. He
didn't notice when Misty pulled Gwen's chair out for her, or when she
gently brushed Gwen's shoulders with her hand as Gwen took the offered
seat. Misty licked her lips and looked at Debbie, who had noticed the
tiny twin peeks of Misty's nipples showing through her black satin
dress.

With Debbie watching, Misty--still behind Joe and Gwen--rubbed her
nipples to quiet them down. Debbie knew that by now, she was horny
enough to fuck a horse... male or female. 'She doesn't even know she's
still in a sort of trance,' Debbie thought with a bit of pride. 'Fuck,
I'm good.'

Except for Joe hanging on Gwen's every word, motion, breath, etc.,
everything went as planned. The dancing started around 8:00 PM, and
Misty had a little too much fun (for Debbie's tastes) dancing rather
closely with anyone who showed interest in her--and that meant just
about everybody. By the end of the third song, she was literally flush
with desire. Finally, after the fourth song, Gwen left for the lady's
room--the one place she couldn't drag Joe--and Debbie made her move.

It didn't take much coaxing to get Misty to go to room 409. Joe was a
different story.

"I don't know, Deb... I mean, I'm with Gwen now...."

"Joe, I just want to catch up. Seriously. C'mon, Gwen won't care...."

"No, I think I should wait... besides, Misty is there, and she never
really cared for me...."

"Joe, look. That's in the past. C'mon, I just want to talk."

"I still don't think it's a great idea... I don't want Gwen to get mad
or wonder where I've wandered off to...."

"Look, if it makes you feel better, I told Gwen where we'd be, gave
her a key, and she's OK with it," Debbie said, lying.

"Ehhhhh... I don't know...."

'This guy could never make up his mind... no wonder he needs a woman
to do it for him!' Debbie thought as she finally decided to use his
trigger. "It makes me happy when you *obey*, Joe."

Joe's expression faded slightly, then returned to normal. "Well, as
long as Gwen's OK with it. Let's go," he said, his cock slowly but
surely stirring to life. He followed Debbie, watching her heart-shaped
ass the whole way to the elevator... and in the elevator... and down
the 4th floor hall... and finally into room 409. When they got there,
his dick was so hard, a cat couldn't scratch it.

As they closed the door, a moaning sound brought them both to the
bedroom in the large suite. There, spread eagle, was Misty, one hand
on her left tit and the other rubbing the upper part of her pussy.
Quickly, she found her clit and rubbed it to a quick orgasm before
returning to the slower, gentler action.

"Well, are you two gonna fuck me, or do I have to beg?" Misty asked.

Debbie, who had started to disrobe as soon as she and Joe arrived in
the suite, descended on her previously straight (and temporarily
bisexual nymphomaniac) friend, kissing her on the mouth. Joe looked
confused, apparently trying to process in his modified mind the scene
before him.

"Hey... I have an idea," he said suddenly. He reached into his suit
jacket pocket and produced a long, silk scarf. From his other pockets,
he managed to come up with two pair of handcuffs.

'I think Gwen had some ideas for tonight... well, I guess I'll have to
test-drive my little Joe out before she gets a crack at him,' Debbie
thought as she saw Joe take off his jacket, tie, shirt, belt, pants,
and...

'Oh fuck, it's bigger than I remember,' Debbie thought as she caught
sight of his member. It was every bit of eight inches, a size that
never sounds impressive until it's in any orifice of a woman's body.
In his current mode, he would not cum until commanded to do so. 'Not
that he knows about that,' Debbie mused as she imagined how long she'd
ride him before allowing him any hope of release.

'It's too big for my ass, but Misty does have fingers for that... hey,
what's going....' Debbie's mind wondered as Joe approached her and
cuffed her right hand to the right side of the headboard on the
hotel's bed. He glanced at Misty, nodded, and she moved between
Debbie's legs and started licking her pussy with vigor--Debbie's legs
spread out reflexively in response. Before Debbie could say anything,
her mouth was covered with Joe's, and any questions she had about his
sudden assertiveness were washed away by his always-talented tongue.

As he kissed her, he moved around so he could use his other pair of
cuffs to attach Debbie's left wrist to the left side of the bed's
headboard. Releasing the kiss, he whispered into her ear (licking
between every other word), "Shhh, baby... this will be better than you
remember... quiet now...."

With Misty between her legs and driving Debbie to her first orgasm,
Debbie could not resist as Joe used his belt to bind Debbie's left leg
to the left post at the foot of the bed. He used the necktie he'd been
wearing to tie her right leg to the appropriate corner of the bed, and
then went to the night stand.

He produced a small vial of liquid from the drawer, and she watched as
he put two drops on the scarf he'd shown her. He tied it around her
mouth as Misty finally brought her to her first climax, and as she
breathed in, she passed out quickly.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

The first thing Debbie could see as she woke up was a strange,
sparkling light. As it moved around slowly, the light source split the
white light of the ceiling fixtures into a multitude of rainbows that
played in Debbie's eyes and brain as a soft, feminine voice droned on
just beyond comprehension.

Then, darkness... but only for a moment or two; because the sounds of
a woman screaming, moaning, screaming, moaning--back and forth went
the voice, alternating between moans and screams at an erratic rate--
brought her back to reality. Suddenly, she felt her head clear...
mostly. The fact that it wasn't totally clear was trouble, and she
knew it--after all, she'd been doing this to people for years and kept
detailed notes on how they perceived their active trance states or
alter egos.

'They got me....' she thought as she realized something had happened
to her mind. She took stock of her situation when she could see again:
she was tied to the bed, gagged, and... 'What the fuck?' her mind
screamed as she saw what was happening on her bed.

Joe was on his back, draped over Debbie's left leg somewhat. He was
using one hand to play with Debbie's left tit, and the other to pinch
the nipple of the girl above him.

'Oh fuck, that's Misty! What the fuck's going on here??' Debbie's mind
screamed in lieu of any ability to make a verbal sound other than
"mmmmmpff!" Then she saw that Misty wasn't just getting fucked by Joe.
Behind her, wearing a strap-on and taking Misty's ass with it, was
Gwen; her hands roamed Misty's body possessively, occasionally
slapping Joe's hand away so she could torture both of Misty's
nipples--
much to Misty's agonizing delight, if her facial expression could be
believed.

Joe leaned up when he met Debbie's surprised eyes, mumbled something
to Gwen, and she smiled and slowed (but didn't stop) her hip
movements.

Responding to some trigger word Debbie was too shocked to comprehend,
Joe reached down from Debbie's breast, licked his finger, and started
rubbing it over Debbie's clit. As the sensations quickly made her body
tense up even more than the erotic scene had already done, Gwen
started to speak.

"So, you *are* the famous Debbie. You're the one who left a bunch of
shit in my man's head. I'll have you know it took weeks to get it out
of there so I could make him mine," she said.

Debbie tried to say something to deny the truth, but all she could
manage was "mmmmf!"

"Joe, let's give Misty one more quick one," Gwen said as Debbie
watched. Gwen leaned forward just a bit and held on to Misty's body as
she rapidly increased the motion of her anal intrusion. Joe took his
teasing finger from Debbie's pussy and picked up his pace as well, and
Misty's head rolled around slightly at the fierce penetration that was
building so much pleasure in her loins she would explode with it soon.
To hasten what she knew would be another orgasm she could only call
"the best" she'd ever had, Misty started to rub her own clit and play
with her nipples.

Within a few seconds, Misty came again, finally collapsing on Joe from
exhaustion--but still impaled on Joe's prick, and still moving on it
slightly.

Gwen withdrew from Misty and took off her strap-on. She moved onto the
bed, placed herself between Debbie's legs, leaned forward, and licked
Debbie from asshole to clit very slowly. Sitting up a bit, she put her
finger on Debbie's clit and rubbed it quickly, bringing Debbie to the
edge of release--and then nearly stopping; her finger suddenly moved
so slow that it would not give the orgasm it had promised earlier and
now just pushed Debbie further towards the edge.

"Yes, Joe told me all about you. All about what you did to him, what
you made him do... not that he didn't enjoy it," she said, turning her
head and leaning over to give Joe a passionate kiss. His hands went to
Gwen's tits and pinched her nipples slightly, making her quiver a
little. That motion almost caused Gwen to lose control of her slow
pace, and Debbie was hoping it'd happen so she'd get to ride the wave
of sexual energy building within her to a climax. But, Debbie regained
control and took Debbie to the edge of release, only to bring her back
down again.

As Debbie started to wiggle and writhe as much as her bound position
allowed, Gwen continued. "Mmmm, yeah, little Debbie. I found all those
old triggers you left laying about in Joey's noggin. Whatever hold you
had on Joey here was wiped out a few weeks after he met me." With
that, Gwen again quickly rubbed Debbie's clit, but this time she used
her other hand's fingers to enter her dripping cunt. She curved those
fingers up slightly and moved both hands to expertly bring Gwen to the
most powerful orgasm she could remember.

While Debbie was still seeing stars from that climax, Gwen licked her
fingers, tasting her latest conquest for the first time.

"It took a little while to track Misty down. You were pretty sloppy;
I'd expect more expertise from a fellow member of our exclusive club.
You see, you blabbed about your plans for your never-realized *mnage
 trois* while Joey was under, when you programmed him for your
encounter... and then you didn't even capitalize on it. Shame, his
cock has more than satisfied little Misty here," Gwen said, motioning
towards the thoroughly fucked body that slumped over Joe, "and I enjoy
it immensely myself." Misty had started to rouse herself during Gwen's
conversation; her hips were now moving in a steady rhythm over Joe's
stationary cock.

"Anyway, when Joey got the invite to this reunion a few weeks ago, I
figured you might try this. I barely had time to work on Misty;
getting my man here to overlook her inherent bitchiness was easy
enough but making her docile enough to live with us... well, that was
a bit more involved. And now," Gwen said, rising up from between
Debbie's legs and placing her pussy above Debbie's mouth, "it's time
for you to join the family. I must admit, it'll make my job of getting
slaves a little easier. You are fairly talented... for an amateur.
Joey and Misty, it's recruiting time."

Gwen produced a knife from the nightstand and cut the scarf, allowing
Debbie's mouth to gasp for air. Joe and Misty had moved into position
between Debbie's legs and were taking turns licking her feet, legs,
pussy--basically, anything they could get their tongues on. And above
Debbie's face was the glistening cunt of a terribly gorgeous woman.
And it was getting closer. The tongues working her lower body were
starting to drive her nuts; she'd thrash right off the bed if she
could only move.

"When you lick my cunt, you'll be my newest fuck toy. I've already
'taught' you all you'll need to know, but I favor triggers that aren't
verbal. You have to lick me, and when you do, you'll be mine." When
she was done talking, Gwen's perfect pussy was resting just above
Debbie's mouth, easily within licking distance.

Debbie understood the consequences of giving in. Her mind fought to
keep her mouth closed, and not being able to move seemed to help--for
the first few seconds. But as her body was racked with sensations she
was powerless to move against or with, and as her desperation for
release grew, she started to reconsider. Joe was fucking Misty now, in
the ass or pussy--she couldn't tell because of the wonderful
obstruction to her vision that floated above her face.

But, Debbie wasn't getting off. Misty would go fast and then slow down
right before Debbie came. Desperately, her body forgetting its
disposition, Debbie tried to move her hand to her snatch to finish off
the orgasm... but her arms were both bound. She tried to close her
legs to ease the intense pleasure coming form her sweltering sex--but
they too were bound. Against her own volition, her body struggled
against the restraints to either stop or control the sensations
assaulting her--even the musky scent of the goddess above her was
something she could not escape, now that Gwen was holding handfuls of
Debbie's hair to make sure she looked straight up.

Debbie's tongue licked her lips as her body continued to frantically
try to free itself--anyone in the neighboring room would probably
think she was having a seizure. Debbie held back, mouth open and
tongue out, for what seemed like an eternity. In a frenzy of hopeless
motions, she tried to free her body so she could do something--
anything--to get herself off. She wanted to 69 Misty, have Joe fuck
her hard, play with her clit, slap her clit, twist her nipples...
anything would do, and her body could not move more than an inch!
Unable to speak for reasons she was to horny to even think about, she
snaked a tongue up, somehow knowing that licking Gwen, the beautiful
creature above her--no, the Goddess above her--would bring sweet
release. She stopped her tongue as some half-asleep part of her brain
tried to warn her.

'You know what she's doing! Stop thinking with your cunt! You need to
get out!'

'Fuck... so fucking hot... so hot... need to cum... need to cum for
Gwen... need to taste....'

'Don't... do it... escape... get out....'

'Need to cum... need to cum... need to cuuuuuuuum....'

To Gwen, the tongue stopped for only half a second before it made
contact with her pussy, but as she bore her pussy down on the
screaming face below her, she knew that Debbie's last half second of
freedom probably lasted for a day and a half to her.

Grinding into Debbie's face, she said, "Welcome to the family, slut."
Misty then sucked on Debbie's clit into her mouth, silencing the
motion in the top woman's hips, and washed her tongue over her love
button in a circular motion, bringing her new Mistress to the first of
many orgasms She'd enjoy that day.

Needless to say, none of the four made it back for the rest of the
reunion party.


                          * * * * * * * * * *

Epilogue

Two days later, looking a little haggard but also somewhat rested (and
thankfully freshly-showered), they all finally emerged from the room.
Gwen walked in front of Joe, as she had done since they started dating
several years before--and Joe was more than happy to know that he'd
been "promoted" from face slave to "Fuck Drone." With Debbie and Misty
both serving as the new face slaves, Joe's only job was to use his
big, hard cock to satisfy any woman in the house at command.

They all knew his triggers after a few days at Gwen's and Joe's
house--
the one that'd turn him into little more than a living sex doll,
unable to cum until ordered to do so, and the other that turned him
into an hyperactive fucking machine also unable to cum until allowed.
For his part, Joe didn't mind being the sex slave of three women,
performing at their amazingly frequent whims--after all, nobody would
mind that, especially when surrounded by three women who seem to eat,
sleep, and breathe sex.

Misty, in particular, was happy to have finally realized what a great
guy Joe could be... when she wasn't busy licking Gwen, anyway.

As for Little Debbie (her new name)--her mind was left intact at the
conscious level, acting out robotically her programmed responses to
unusual choices for trigger words. Gwen had done this on purpose; Joe
was *Gwen's* slave, and when she took him, she was bound to look out
for him. To her, Debbie's punishment of living inside a body that
crudely acted on command like the saps she'd used her stage hypnosis
tricks on was just and fair. That, and Gwen got a little thrill every
time Little Debbie flashed her tits to the nearest person any time she
heard the trigger, "T.H.O."

                          * * * * * * * * * *

*The synopsis I got that was used to write this story:*

*Set on the weekend of a 10-year high school reunion. The main
character is female, who, during her high-school years, struggled with
knowing that she was bi. She's nervous about seeing her ex-boyfriend
as well as her old best friend, who always hated each other. As a joke
back in high-school, she hypnotized them both, but never had the
courage to use the triggers to play out her fantasies.....
The story should incorporate MF, FF, FD, and BD.*

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2005, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.