The picture in my hand took me back to when I met you and I smiled. I looked at the photo and saw a most ravishing face and the sight of bare shoulders. In the background was the sight of a sea of brilliant aqua and a crystal white beach. Seeing the photo I thought again of how the photo was taken and my mind was taken back to that day.
My hot sweaty body ached for some coolness as I drank greedily from the water bottle and I looked down at the most perfect beach. The sea a clear aqua and the sands a gleaming white. From my place over the cliff I could see no one and I decided to swim here. Taking care I was able to climb down to the beach and I breathed in the fresh air. Without a second thought I dropped my backpack and threw off my clothes to charge naked into the water.
The cool water caressed my skin and I gloried in the feel of it against my skin. Finally I left the water and saw you watching me. I then realised that you must have been here when I walked onto the beach. You lay propped on your arm naked but for pair of swimsuit bottoms tanning a body that was as glorious to look upon as it was arousing to me. I decided well there was no need in getting dressed again but just enjoy the lovely day.
Rummaging through my pack I found my towel and lotion and arranged myself and began to oil my skin. Then you roused from your place of rest and came over to me. With a friendly smile you greeted me and said you were feeling lonely and would I care to join you. Without any hesitation I agreed to the offer and soon I was lying next to you and we were deep in conversation. Every now and again you would look down my body and lick your lips as though you were becoming aroused.
Perhaps it was the sun and the setting we were in but we touched more and became intimate in our conversation and touching. I watched sweat gather and slide down your body and I could feel my cock grow harder as I was becoming aroused and I knew that you could tell I was becoming aroused. With a shrug and a quick smile you slid off your swimsuit bottoms so that you were naked with me. The only sign that this was new to you the white skin that showed across your ass and pelvis.
Taking the lotion you said that you wanted to avoid burning and gave me the oil to apply to you. The oil was cool to my touch and I began to oil your back as you lay on your front. Of course the feel of your skin was enough to make my cock rock hard and I was glad that you could not see how I needed and wanted to push it into your pussy. As I oiled your ass you pushed into my hand and parted your legs allowing me to see that moisture that was along the engorged and sensitive pussylips.
Suddenly you turned around and you reached for my cock. Holding it you stroked and teased it, yet before I exploded over your body you stopped and told me in a sexy growl to oil the front of your body. How my hands shook with lust as they touched your breasts and felt your nipples grow hard as my fingers teased and pinched them softly. My hands were soon replaced by my mouth and I began to suckle at those wonderful orbs. With each touch I felt your passion rise and your legs parted so that my body could slide between them.
My face rose and lips met yours in the beginning of a deeplyly passionate kiss that seemed to join us as one body. As we kissed I guided my throbbing cock to the engorged entrance to your pussy. I rubbed the head of my cock along your pussylips and with one smooth movement I thrust deep into you. You cried and your fingernails lanced into the skin of my back. No thought guided me only the passion as I thrust deep and hard into you.
Our groins ground together and I could feel the hard nub of your clit rub along my cock. Groans and cries of pleasure echoed along with the song of birds and the hiss of waves on the shore. Your legs held my waist as I thrust my cock harder and deeper into you and I felt you cum as I pierced your lips. Your body pulsated and squirmed as you fell into the trough of pleasure that was between orgasms. I thrust faster as I felt my need rise to that peak that would be my orgasm.
Then I cried out as I felt my cum shooting into your hot wet pussy. I thrust again and again into you as I felt the sides of your pussy hold me, as you milked me of the cum in my cock. I felt the cum in you with each thrust until no more could spray into your pussy and I grew limp.
I hold you in my arms and I kiss gently your eyelids and face. Then I sit up and ask to take your photo and you agree as long as it is only your face.I compose you and naked I take your photo. Finished I take you by the hand and lead you into the water to clean the cum from our bodies though I know it will only be a short time before we make love again.
Looking at the photo I remember that first time and think how wonderful you still are.