“I know you’re avoiding me, Merlin.”

At the sound of Arthur’s voice, Merlin startled and nearly dumped his tray of food all over the cadet that was in front of him in line. He’d been avoiding Arthur all week, taking hurried showers, practically inhaling his meals, and purposefully getting himself into trouble so he would be put on latrine duty, all just so Arthur wouldn’t have any chance to approach him. Merlin’s hands had never been prunier, the toilets on the lower deck of the T had never been shinier, and Merlin was sure his arms had never been stronger but he’d managed to avoid Arthur at every turn (Tintagel’s golden-boy would never be caught scrubbing a toilet). The crew was being deployed to the Camelot space station for a three-week training session at the end of the week. They would be undergoing training with the other 6 Tintagel fleets and Merlin had been hoping to finish the week and make it to training, where both he and Arthur would be too busy to talk about what had happened.

No such luck.

“A-Arthur! I didn’t see you there…,” Merlin said lamely, turning to face the blond. The flush on Arthur’s cheeks and the wet strands of hair matted to his forehead testified to the hard workout to which Arthur had just subjected himself. Merlin couldn’t help the appraising once-over that he gave the rest of Arthur’s body, taking in the blue jumpsuit which Arthur had stripped off half way, revealing the plain white t-shirt underneath, the neckline damp with sweat. How did Arthur manage to look this good even when he should have been absolutely repellent? 

“I know, Merlin,” Arthur said, motioning for the cadets behind him to pass them in the line. “I walked up behind you so unless you have eyes in the back of your head, I’ll try not to take offense to you not noticing me. Although…” he said, crouching down to catch Merlin’s eye, making the brunet flush red when he realized he’d been caught staring, “with those ears of yours, you should have just been able to hear me walk up.”

As he said it, Arthur reached up to stroke the shell of Merlin’s right ear, causing Merlin to stumble backwards. Only this time there was no unsuspecting cadet to break his fall and Merlin would have gone tumbling to the ground, tray and cold dinner and all, if Arthur hadn’t reached out, grabbed him by the front of his jumpsuit and dragged him forward. Unfortunately for them both, Merlin was lighter than Arthur anticipated and Merlin (and his dinner) came crashing forward, flat against Arthur’s chest.

Looking absolutely horror-stricken, Merlin turned to the nearest table and grabbed a handful of napkins from a dispenser before turning back and beginning to wipe ineffectively at the stains on Arthur’s white shirt, his efforts only serving to smear the brownish mess even more.

“I am so sorry, Arthur. Here. I’ll just- Let me clean this u-,” Merlin stuttered out, his rambling silenced by Arthur’s hands- warm- around his wrists and the rumble of a laugh that he could feel where his hands rested on Arthur’s chest. Merlin looked up to find Arthur staring back at him with something like a mixture of fondness and amusement in his eyes, a small smile on his lips, and Merlin involuntarily licked his own lips, his breath catching when Arthur’s gaze shifted sharply to track the movement. Something fiery flashed through Arthur’s eyes and his grip on Merlin’s wrists tightened slightly.

“It’s fine Merlin. However, I think you owe me a new shirt,” he said, his voice husky with something so strong that it made Merlin’s knees weak to identify and Merlin desperately cast his eyes around the canteen over Arthur’s shoulder, searching for some escape from the situation. Where the fuck was Will when you needed him? Merlin spotted Lance on the other side of the canteen and inwardly sighed with relief.

“Yea, I know. I really am sorry about that,” Merlin replied, willing his voice not to shake as Arthur shifted his stance to block Merlin’s view of Lance. “I’ll be sure to pick you up a new one the next time I’m on latrine duty, which should be soon since I’m down there all the…time,” he said, trying to inject some humor into his voice and faltering a bit when Arthur moved forward, closing the space between them and trapping Merlin’s arms.

“Well that was my favorite one,” Arthur whispered, so close that Merlin could smell the slight tang of sweat on his skin and didn’t Arthur realize that they were in the middle of the canteen? Merlin went to turn his head and abruptly turned it back the other way when his cheek brushed against Arthur’s, the late-day stubble abrading his skin slightly and sending a shiver down his spine and dear God, when did Arthur get closer? Fuck. He really needed to get away from Arthur before the blond got any closer and felt…stuff.

Just as Merlin was about to step back, Arthur released his right wrist and his hand came up to grip the back of Merlin’s neck, pulling Merlin’s head so close that Merlin could feel Arthur’s breath warm against his ear as he spoke. “Yes,” Arthur practically moaned, his fingers slipping below the collar of Merlin’s jumpsuit and Jesus. MIDDLE OF THE CANTEEN!

“Ar-Arthur…What are you doing?” Merlin stammered, trying to pull away but Arthur just held him tighter. “Don’t move, Merlin,” Arthur said sharply. Merlin could feel Arthur’s breath directly over the shell of his right ear and he knew that if he looked, he would see out of his peripheral vision that Arthur had tilted his head slightly. “I need to do this.”

By this point, Merlin was panicking. Arthur was so close to him now, there was no way he couldn’t feel Merlin’s erection against his hip. Merlin’s face was so hot and he was sure he was flushed a very angry red at that point and everyone probably knew, his face was probably just a big red beacon and people were probably staring and did Arthur really need to do this here?

“Yea that’s good, Merlin. Exactly what I need,” Arthur murmured, his breath now ghosting over Merlin’s neck and Merlin was just about to give up and lean into it when suddenly Arthur’s mouth was gone, the cool air of the canteen rushing in to knock Merlin back to reality and leaving him slightly off-kilter.

“W-what happened? Arthur?,” Merlin asked, puzzled, his disappointment showing openly in the raspy whine of his voice. Arthur stepped back slowly, releasing Merlin’s other hand and letting it drop. There was a flush on high on his cheeks which traveled down his neck to disappear into the collar of his shirt and Merlin was sorely tempted to grab Arthur by the shirt and use his tongue to find out just how far down that flush went.

“I’ll be at your room later to get what you owe me, Merlin,” Arthur said, smirking at Merlin’s confused expression. Then he reached over and pulled Merlin forward by waist of his jumpsuit, leaving them standing face to face again. “It’s exactly my size. It’s a good thing I like them tight,” he said, then huffed out a laugh when Merlin’s face contorted further in confusion. “Your shirt, Merlin. I was just checking the size.” Leaning in to speak directly into Merlin’s ear, he whispered, “What did you think I was doing, Merlin?”

And then Arthur was gone, striding out of the canteen and leaving Merlin standing there, barely breathing and flushed, his spilled dinner still at his feet.