The Metatron felt like he had a rather lot in common with lepers.

Not the grotesque appearance part. The Metatron took pride in his
show-stopping outfits. Tonight's was an exceedingly clever sheer plum-colored
pantsuit, which looked like it would give everyone in the room an eyefull, but
covered all the pertinent parts. The Metatron was on excellent terms with his
personal tailor.

He was also wearing a small fortune in diamonds - long bobs hanging from his
ears, a net choker, and a web of sparkling rosettes woven neatly through his
hair. Because, dammit, if they weren't going to come near him, they were at
least going to look at him.

And look at him they did, as he paused in the main doorway to be announced.
Silence fell over the room as all the angels turned to look at the Voice of Most
Holy. The expressions on their faces registered awe, reverence, and even fear.
The crowded parted to let him walk through, and he scanned their faces for a
friendly one.

Raphael, I really hope you didn't leave me alone, he thought to
himself.

A hand caught his shoulder. "Hey, Koe," a cheerful voice greeted.

The Metatron turned to see the happily smiling Raphael, his amethyst eyes
warm with welcome. He was aware that others were backing away from them.
"Don't look now, but you've joined the ranks of leperdom," he muttered
to Raphael.

The Professor sombered. "Don't fault them, Koe...they're just
afraid."

The Metatron sniffed delicately and snagged a wine glass off a passing
waiter's tray. "So says you. I'm dateless for the billionth time in a row.
Who did you come with tonight?"

Raphael gestured behind the Metatron with his drink. "I came with him,
but I certainly don't expect to leave with him. You know how he is."

The Metatron turned around to see Uriel, and his throat tightened. It
happened at that moment that the Angel of Wrath turned their way and smiled at
them, before sauntering over.

Uriel gave the Metatron a blatant once-over, causing the Voice of Most Holy
to blush. "Beg your pardon, mind if I steal him for a dance?" Uriel
requested suavely, wrapping one arm around Raphael's waist.

The Metatron nodded vaguely, and tried to look interested in his wine.

Uriel manuvered Raphael to the dance floor, his hands already wandering.
Something sultry with a funk beat was flooding the room, and they danced
together, their hips pressed firmly together, courtesy of Uriel's firm grasp on
Raphael's ass. "Ever had him?" Uriel husked in Raphael's ear, trailing
his tongue along the curve.

"We're just friends," Raphael murmured, twisting his hips
sinuously.

Uriel pulled back a bit and cocked an eyebrow, a hungry smile playing over
his sensuous lips. "You're friends with him and you haven't jumped
him?"

Raphael looked amused. "We're friends and that's why I haven't
jumped him. Not the sort of thing I'd want to mess up with sex."

Uriel smiled crookedly. "Not like us, hey?" He captured Raphael's
lips in a lurid kiss. "Still...he's all alone. And that outfit - a waste of
a good babe, there."

"Gonna do something about it?"

Uriel looked at the Metatron, his smile turning predatory. "Yeah. I
think I'd like to take him home. See what he looks like in those diamonds...and
nothing else."

Raphael grinned devilishly. "Dinner tomorrow night says he's a
screamer."

Uriel snorted. "Excuse me, I am the expert on the matter. I think he'll
be quieter...you know, the mewling kind. And it's a bet." He winked and
threaded his way back through the crowd, grabbing two glasses of champagne on
his way.

The Metatron was still alone when Uriel approached. Everyone else was a good
five feet away, and the Voice of Most Holy was delicately pouting and nursing a
glass of wine. Definitely a babe, Uriel thought. Slender, with girlish
hands and a beautiful face - and a dead sexy mouth. He walked up quietly and
exchanged glasses with grey-eyed angel, who smiled tentatively and took a sip of
champagne and then regarded it in surprise.

"Gabby actually sprang for the good stuff?" the Metatron said
incredulously.

Damn. Hot AND he called the stuffy Administrator "Gabby". How had
Uriel managed to completely ignore him before? They always did Summonings
together, but Uriel had always paid more attention to the Most Holy and the
ritual itself than to the stormy-haired angel holding him aloft in the sky. Definitely
a mistake on my part.

Uriel placed a hand on the small of the Metatron's back. "I don't see
you at parties often. A real shame," he breathed, watching the Metatron's
tongue retrieve a drop of champagne from plum-colored lips. Uriel dipped a
finger in his glass and sucked off the champagne. "I don't suppose a lovely
creature like yourself is here alone tonight?"

And the looker actually blushed at his comment. Interesting.
"Well, as a matter of fact…I am," the Metatron said quietly. There
was something in those dark pearl eyes - loneliness, maybe? It decided Uriel.
Tonight, the Metatron was going to have company.

"Would you like to dance?" Uriel asked, his hand moving to the stem
of the Metatron's glass, his fingers trailing in a sensual caress over those
girlish hands. The stormy-haired angel nodded, somewhat dazed, as Uriel plucked
the glass from his fingers and deposited both glasses on an empty tray. He led
the Voice to the dance floor and drew him close, though not as close as he had
danced with Raphael. After all, he wouldn't want to scare the babe away by
moving too fast. "What shall I call you?" Uriel asked, practically
purring in the Metatron's ear. "Your Grace? Your Eminence?
O-Thee-Of-The-Fabulous-Jewelry?" he teased. "Koe," the Metatron
said softly. "That's what Raphael calls me."

"'Voice' in Japanese?" Uriel smiled at that. "Trust Raphael.
Very well, Koe," he said, his voice caressing the name with a throaty
drawl. He stepped a closer, their chests and groins now brushing occasionally as
they danced. The Metatron showed no signs of bolting, so he judged the time
right for a kiss.

The Metatron tasted like champange and the scent of lavender wafted from the
storm-grey hair. He was slender and soft and made little noises of pleasure as
Uriel explored his mouth and worshipped his lips. Uriel was dimly aware that
everyone in the room was staring and couldn't have cared less. "They're
looking," Uriel whispered. "Always looking, aren't they, Koe? But
never touching, are they?"

The Metatron looked at him, and he could have drowned in those dark pearl
depths. "Never," he said, and Uriel could see the loneliness and the
longing and the fear clear as day. "I'll touch you," Uriel
promised, melding their bodies together, letting the Metatron feel the evidence
of his desire. "I'll touch you until all you know is my name, Koe," he
husked.

The Metatron's eyes widened, loneliness replaced by a naked wanting. Then he
said the magic words and Uriel cheered inside:

"Take me home, Uriel."

Uriel had given himself to many, and had many more. And he loved the thrill
of the chase, loved the capture and subsequent intimacy. He and the Metatron
reached the front gardens of the Palace, and the mansion glittered like the
diamonds at the Metatron's throat. Uriel's fingers tangled in Koe's hair
and pulled him close for a thorough kiss. "I don't suppose you have a
bedroom in there, do you?" Uriel husked, his fingers whispering over Koe's
hips in a delicate caress.

Grey eyes darkened with desire. "Race you," the Metatron said
breathlessly, then turned on his heel and disappeared into the house. Uriel
raised his eyebrows, grinned, and gave chase. They ran up the main staircase,
and Uriel caught him at the top, groping Koe shamelessly as they stumbled into a
bedroom. Uriel paused as the Metatron flicked on the overhead light.

The bed was fricking huge. With champagne-colored satin sheets. Uriel
looked down at the immensely desirable angel in his arms. "Oh, hell yeah,"
he breathed. He toed the door closed and brought Koe's hand up to his lips.
Soft, this one. Uriel kissed the Metatron's fingertips, using his teeth gently
on the delicate skin of the inner wrist. Koe moaned, and Uriel knew that had
been just right. Soft, and he liked it soft, did he? Well. Uriel could do soft.
Uriel could do anything.

Uriel lowered Koe onto the bed, his tongue exploring the skin exposed around
the diamond necklace. "So beautiful," he whispered. "So alone – someone
like you shouldn't be alone," he continued, his fingers making short work of
the buttons on the jacket. He peeled it away and looked down at the Metatron.
Stormy grey curls spread out around his face, his full lips reddened by their
kisses. His chest was smooth and pale like ivory, punctuated by rosy nipples.
Uriel gave Koe a naughty little smile before dipping his head down to worry at
the spot behind Koe's ear, causing the Metatron to moan ever so nicely.

"So lovely."
"They worship you the wrong way."

"If they only knew…"

"Exquisite."

The Metatron gasped and panted in Uriel's arms, reacting as much to the
blue-eyed angel's words as to his touch. Deft hands had removed both their
clothing, so that the Metatron was nude except for his diamonds, and Uriel's
skilled mouth was working its way down his chest with licks and kisses and
honeyed words.

And a luxurious while later, when Uriel was gently making love to him, moving
sweet and slow inside him, the Metatron knew he was lost. He moaned and cried
out underneath Uriel, the beautiful words and the intimate touch bringing him so
close, so close…

The Metatron surrendered with one wordless cry of ecstasy, and Uriel clasped
him close, groaning in completion.

A long stretch of quiet ensued as they caught their breath. Then Uriel hmmed
with evident pleasure. "So good, love," he said in a throaty murmur.

The Metatron closed his eyes. "Hold me?" he asked softly. Arms obligingly
wrapped around him, and Uriel spooned his form behind the Metatron. And with
that, the Voice of Most Holy slept the sleep of the utterly content.

The Metatron was woken by a gentle, almost chaste kiss. And when he opened his
eyes, Uriel was gone. The Metatron sighed and rolled over. "You knew this was
going to happen, didn't you?"