Beth and Rich Vacation in Hawaii
byBluepen451©

There were no other cars parked in the tiny turn out along the main highway east of Kapaa. Rich dived off the road, bringing the rental car to a quick halt in the red Hawaiian dirt, barely leaving room for another car. 

"Not much room here Beth," he said as he shut the engine off. "Are you sure this is the right place?" 

"I'm pretty sure," Beth responded. "It matches the description the waitress gave us last night—small parking area on the right side of the road a couple of miles out of town . . . See, just ahead. There's the sign with the mileage to Princeville. It's just like she said." 

"Hmmm. You're right. Mileage on the sign is what she said it would be too. This must it." 

"Do you see a trail down to the beach? The brush looks pretty thick." 

"She said it was at the far end of the parking space. Lets go look." Before Rich could release his seatbelt, Beth had hopped out of the car and begun to walk the few yards to the end of the turnout. 

Rich got out to follow her, but he paused, leaning on the open car door, as he enjoyed his view of his wife's mass of dark red hair, her broad shoulders, narrow waist, and best of all, her round ass and long, muscled legs. She was wearing a T-shirt and Bermuda shorts, but Rich was well aware of the treasures her conservative dress discretely covered. He felt his cock stir beneath his own shorts as he watched her walk away. 

Rich and Beth were on Kauai for a ten-day vacation, a badly needed break from his stressful legal job in Palo Alto. Both his and her parents had joined them. It was good to see their parents. They hadn't seen them in the two years since he and Beth had moved from Cleveland, where they had grown up. But after five days they were realizing that sharing a rented vacation house with the both sets of parents had a drawback. 

The problem was that Rich and Beth had made some pretty significant changes in their lifestyle since their move to Palo Alto, changes that had to be curtailed while living in the same space with their parents. The young couple had been raised in accordance with very strict Christian standards, especially respecting sex. In the their youth sex was a topic that was not discussed, and if their parents ever had sex, beyond what was required to conceive them, there was certainly no evidence of it. Clothing was always chosen as conservatively as possible, and the idea of nudity around the home was beyond anyone's wildest imagination. The only real mention of sex they ever heard were the hell fire and brimstone sermons delivered regularly at the Baptist church where Rich and Beth had met. Preacher McCoy made it clear that sex was a one-time deal, solely for the purpose of procreation. Recreational sex was a mortal sin. 

Shortly after Rich and Beth set up their new home in Palo Alto, they made some radical changes from the sexual standards they had been raised with. Beth was the original instigator of the changes. Rich was totally shocked at first, but a bottle of wine had quickly gotten him to see the advantages of Beth's new standards, and after that first evening, he had joined in enthusiastically. Now they routinely walked naked around their home, had sex almost daily, in every room in the house, and in a wide variety of positions. They enjoyed porn and sex toys. Eroticism had become a very important part of their life. 

All of that had been curtailed for the last five days as they conformed to the standards they had been raised with. Rich was so horny he could barely stand it, and Beth was equally bad off. They occasionally copped a discrete feel, but they were sure that the noise they would make screwing would immediately be heard all over the house. Hence, no sex. 

But today both sets of parents had announced that they wanted to stay home. They were tired from five days of touring the island and they encouraged Beth and Rich to take one of the rental cars and go off on their own. So after an hour or so of driving, they were ready to hike down to a small secluded beach that a waitress had assured them would likely be deserted on a weekday morning. 

"I found the trail," he heard Beth call out. "It's right where she said it would be, at the end of the turnout." Rich was leaning against the hood of the car now, watching Beth's ample boobs bounce and swing under her T-shirt as she walked rapidly toward him. The swimsuit she wore beneath her T wasn't doing much of a job as a brassiere, he thought with delight. She strode up to him and threw her arms around his neck while she pushed her hips forward into his. "Lets go down on the empty beach and screw," she whispered in his ear. 

"My but aren't you a horny wench this morning," he responded. He brought his hands up her sides and cupped her breasts through her T-shirt. She responded by sliding her hips back and forth against his. Rich could feel his dick fast approaching full erection status as she moved back and forth. 

"Someone else feels pretty horny to me," she said, referring to the boner beneath his pants which she could feel as she rubbed her hips against his. "Besides, what did you expect? The last five days is the longest we have gone without sex since I finally convinced you we didn't have to live by Preacher McCoy's standards." 

"Hmm. Yes," he said as he massaged her tits. "I still get hot thinking about how you seduced me that afternoon after I found you sleeping naked on top of our bed."

Just then they heard a car approaching on the highway. Rich pulled his hands down from her tits and started to push Beth back, but she kept her arms locked around his neck and her loins pressed against his. 

"Beth, they'll see us," Rich said. 

"Yes!" she hissed. "It makes my pussy tingle just thinking about it." She resumed rubbing her hips against his. 

"You're such an exhibitionist!" 

"I know," she said with a laugh, finally pushing away from him as another car approached. "I can't wait to get naked down on the beach with you. Come on. Lets get our knapsack and go. I think I'll just leave these clothes here and wear my bikini down to the beach." She pulled off her T-shirt and shorts leaving her clad only in a very skimpy string bikini and a pair of running shoes needed for the trail down to the beach. "You should do the same." 

Rich retrieved a small knapsack containing beach towels, sunscreen, water, snacks, and a few other things. Then he followed Beth's lead by stripping off the T-shirt and cargo shorts he was wearing. As he undressed Beth turned her back to him and leaned over, her feet wide apart and her legs straight in what one could have believed was a stretch prior to heading out, but was in reality simply Beth showing off her beautiful ass to Rich. She was looking back at him through her legs just to watch his reaction to her antics. As he looked, she reached back with one hand and pushed her swimsuit to the side, exposing her pussy to him. She heard him suck in his breath. She just loved exposing herself to him. 

"Oh good," she said. "You wore the Speedo suit . . . But it seems to have a problem." 

Rich looked down at his skimpy swimsuit and realized that the head of his now fully engorged cock was protruding from the top of the suit. He quickly adjusted the suit so his prick was fully covered, telling Beth that the problem was all her fault. 

Beth stood and turned back to face him as she laughed. Finally she said, "Good! But, by the way," she continued. "I don't think tucking that log of yours back in the suit is really hiding anything." 

Rich looked down and saw that she was right. His erection was almost as fully exposed as if he had simply shed the suit completely. "Hmm," he said. "Do you want me to put my shorts back on?" 

She looked at him for a long moment, sucking seductively on a finger, and finally said, "No I think I like it the way it is." 

"I thought so. Lets go," he said with a chuckle, picking up the knap sack. 

As he walked away, she said, "You know you have a cute ass in that Speedo." Then she followed him into the brush-lined trail. 

For the first quarter mile Beth remained behind Rich thoroughly enjoying her view of his muscular legs and his hard ass. The speedo failed to cover a good deal of his ass cheeks, and Beth was fantasizing about how she wanted to grip those muscular cheeks while Rich pounded her pussy with that big cock she had seen so poorly concealed by the front of the bathing suit. 

About half way to the beach they changed positions. Now Rich was following Beth and, as Beth had done, lusting over his spouse's poorly concealed ass. Actually her bikini bottom covered much less than Rich's Speedo did. It wasn't quite a thong, but it might as well have been one. Rich was finding something inexplicably kinky about watching Beth dressed in a next to nothing bikini and a pair of running shoes. I wonder if I have a mild foot fetish he thought as they strolled down the trail. 

By the time they got to the beach they were both shiny with sweat from the heat. Rich's erection had abated when he was leading but was pretty much fully recovered after half a mile of walking behind Beth. He was so horny he was ready to throw her to the ground and fuck her right then, but she insisted they take a dip in the ocean first. 

The beach was as predicted, a small one, maybe fifty yards wide, flanked on each side by high rocky cliffs that ran out into the ocean, one of which provided a bit of protection from the prevailing direction of the surf. Rich picked a spot in the center of the beach and began to spread out beach towels. When he looked up he saw that Beth had shed her bikini, tossing the skimpy suit well above the surf line, and was wading naked into the warm swells. Not to be outdone, he slipped off his Speedo and ran, his semi erect dick swinging wildly, down the beach and into the surf. When he reached Beth he tackled her, driving her into an oncoming wave that buried both of them. 

When they got to their feet they embraced and stood in the surf kissing passionately, until another wave knocked them over and sent them tumbling under it. Having now learned their lesson twice, they dove under the next wave and swam far enough out so they could just tread water and bob in the warm waves. They embraced for several long kisses with their legs wrapped around each other, holding their breath as they sunk beneath the waves, with Rich's erect dick pressed firmly against Beth's belly. 

Eventually, Beth said, "Lets go back to the beach. Sex and swimming don't mix very well." 

"I knew you were too horny to stay out here for very long." He began stroking toward the Beach with Beth swimming alongside of him. At the surf line they tried to catch a wave and body surf in, but they both were pretty much pounded by the wave, winding up on their hands and knees fighting its remnants as it surged back down the beach. 

From there they walked naked up the beach, holding hands with the water streaming off them until they reached the beach towels. They flopped down on the towels and lay on their backs letting the warm sun slowly bake them dry. 

"My God the sun feels good," Rich said. 

"Yes," responded Beth. "Especially cause we're naked. It feels so good to have my whole body exposed to the sun and God and everybody." 

"What everybody?" Rich asked, looking around. "We have this little beach to ourselves." 

"Oh I just meant that as a figure of speech." . . . "But, you know what? I think I would kind of like it if someone else was here and they were naked too and we could look at them while they looked at us." 

"Really?" Rich said. "What if they were fat and ugly?" 

"Silly boy. There is never any fat and ugly in my fantasies. Everyone is as beautiful as we are." As she spoke she rolled to her side, pushing aside the long red hair that fell in front of her face. Rich also rolled toward her so that they were now facing each other. 

He reached out and began to softly fondle one of her breasts. "What were you thinking about when we were walking down the trail to get here?" He asked. 

"I was thinking about how much I wanted to get down here and suck your cock." 

"You mean you wanted to suck my cock right here on this beach in front of God and everybody?" he said, feigning shock. 

"Yes, that's exactly what I mean. I especially hoped there would be an 'everybody' here who would watch us as I sucked you until you were ready to cum and then finished you with a hand job so you could cum all over my tits." 

"You mean these tits?" he said as he softly pinched both of her now fully erect nipples. 

Beth gasped quietly and then said, "Exactly!" She rolled to her back and he crouched above her and began to work on her breasts with his mouth. First he slowly licked a circle around a breast until his tongue reached her swollen nipple. He sucked it into his mouth and began to suckle on it. Then he repeated the assault on the other breast. 

Beth lay back and closed her eyes. "Oh that feels so good," she moaned and then she cried out softly but sharply as he used his fingers to pinch her other nipple. "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck! I've been wanting that for days." As she spoke she pulled her knees up and spread them apart, giving her hands access to her sex. She soon had two fingers in her cunt, while the other hand spread her lips and stroked just up to her clit. She was being careful not to hit her clit, as she didn't want to climax immediately. She was enjoying the buildup too much. 

Rich pulled himself back from Beth's chest and sat cross-legged watching her masturbate. His cock stuck straight up in front of his flat belly. He was slowly stroking it as he watched Beth. 

"God, I love watching you masturbate," he said as he slowly smeared a drop of pre-cum over the head of his prick. "But tell me," he asked. "Would you really want to have sex with me if there was someone else on this beach?" 

"Oh I don't know," she said with a giggle. "I fantasize about it, but it's something you wouldn't really know until you got there. It always seems like it would be really hot to have someone watching us." She was using one hand to fondle her tits and tug on her nipples now while the other hand alternated been finger fucking her pussy and stroking her lips. 

"What about you?" she asked. "Would you do it? Would you fuck me while someone else watched." 

"Sure if you wanted me too and if was a turn on for you." 

She sat silently masturbating as she watched him stroking his rock hard prick for half a minute, almost as though she had forgotten the thread of their conversation. "But would it be a turn on for you?" she asked. 

"It's always a turn on for me when we fuck." 

Beth smiled. "I know that you horndog. But that's not what I meant. What I meant is whether having someone else watching us would be an extra turn on for you, more than just the usual?" 

"Well would this couple be naked and doing something like we were doing? I think that would be a turn on." 

"They might be. Or maybe they would be fully dressed but still really focused on what we were doing." 

"You mean maybe rubbing each other through their clothes because we were turning them on?" he asked. 

"Yes, like a couple watching porn, maybe in an airport on a tablet where they can't let anyone else realize what they are doing. Like maybe we were the actors in the porn they are watching, but we can see them." 

"That's quite a fantasy, he said. Do . . ." 

"Oh fuck, I'm so horny," she said, interrupting him. "The hell with the fantasy. I want you to eat me right now. Make me cum with your tongue, and then I want you to use that big hard dick to fuck me until I cum again. Will you do that Rich? Please. Oh fuck, I need you to make me cum! Please, please, please. Please eat me, or fuck me, or something. Right now. It's been almost a week and I really need it. Right now!" 

Rich quickly crawled around so he was lying between Beth's legs with his face in her pussy. One thing he had learned since they moved to Palo Alto was that he loved eating her pussy. It was a fantastic turn on for him. He slid two and then three fingers of his right hand into her while he began to lick her inner pussy lips with his tongue. His left hand was mauling one of her beautiful tits. 

"Oh, yes! That's good! But lick my clit. You have to lick my clit. And don't back off. Just start liking my clit and keep it up until I cum. Don't tease me. Just make me cum!" 

Rich began pumping his fingers in and out of her cunt like he was fucking her with a small dick and moved his head up just a little so his tongue could focus on her rock hard clit. He swirled his tongue around it. He licked it. He sucked on it. 

"Oh God that's it. Ohh ohh so good. Keep it up don't stop, don't stop, don't stop. Oh, oooooooooooooooh Fuck. Ahhhhhhhh!" she screamed as a climax tore through her body, her cunt clamping down on his fingers. 

Rich kept licking her until she pushed him away, too sensitive to take any more direct contact with her clit. He got to his knees, crawling forward and leaning on his arms with his dick poised at the mouth of her sex. Then he dropped his hips and forced his way into her still spasming cunt. 

Once his dick was fully inserted he just lay down on her, most of his weight resting on his elbows, and remained still. He didn't stroke or twitch. He just kept her pussy filled with his hard cock. 

That's why we haven't had any sex since we got to Hawaii," he said. 

"What?" she asked in a sort of dreamy, lost tone of voice. 

"Because you make so much noise when you cum. Our parents would come running to see if someone was hurt." 

"Oh," she giggled. "You're right, and we couldn't have them walk in on us and find us naked with me on my back with my legs spread, and you with your face buried in my pussy, while I hold your head there with both hands." 

"That's quite a lurid picture you're painting." 

"No, that wouldn't do at all," she continued. "But I can't help it. I'm just loud when I fuck." 

"I know," he said "and I love it." 

"Good." 

Beth squeezed the muscles of her now somewhat relaxed cunt on Rich's cock. She reached down with her hands and grabbed the hard muscles of his ass pulling him deeper into her, just as she had fantasized about on their walk down to the beach. 

"Hmmm," Rick said as his rock hard dick twitched in response. 

"Oh yes!" she said. "That feels good. So full. I haven't felt that since we left California a week ago. Oh yes I do love your cock." 

Then Rich began to stroke his cock in and out of her cunt holding himself up on his elbows above her and establishing a slow, steady rhythm. Beth wasn't saying anything comprehensible. Just groaning and crying as she responded to his fucking by thrusting her hips up to meet his strokes. 

After a couple of minutes Rich spoke up. I can't last long. I haven't cum in a week and I just can't hold back for very long." 

"Okay," she said. "I just want to cum once more. Once more with your cock buried in me. And then I want you to squirt that load on my chest." 

Rich moved his weight to his hands and arched his back. Then he just held still, his cock fully buried in her cunt. She reached between them and began to stroke her clit. "I don't want you to cum, so just hold your cock as far in me as you can get until I get myself off again." 

As soon as her fingers reached her clit she began to cry and whine. It didn't take her long before she exploded into another noisy orgasm, this one perhaps even stronger than her first. 



It took Beth a moment to come down from her climax. Rich held his cock in her, doing multiplication tables to keep from cumming. 

"Now!" she said, almost growling. "Pull that dirty, nasty cock of yours out of my pussy and squirt your hot cum on my chest. Give me the money shot you hot stud and just think about all the people who are watching us and masturbating as they watch." 

That thought almost set him off, but he held back as he pulled out and rose to his knees. He leaned forward, his weight on his left arm, his right hand stroking and pointing his cock at her chest. It only took about three strokes on his slippery, girl cum covered cock before he felt the jism rising up from his balls. Then he let it go. The first spurt was a huge one that missed her chest and smeared itself across her face. Then three more big spurts that hit one or both of her tits. Finally, he just held his cock over her tits as a seemly never-ending stream of hot slippery cum dribbled on to her tits. When it finally quit, he sat back on his heels panting, as he watched Beth scrape the cum off her face and into her mouth and then smear the cum around on her chest. 

They both lay on the beach for a while, the cum drying on Beth's chest. When their pulse had dropped to something near a resting rate and their breathing slowed to normal, they rose and waded back into the ocean to clean up. They swam out beyond the breakers teasing each other as they bobbed in the swells for a good ten minutes or more, before swimming back to shore. 

As they waded back out of the surf, they saw that another couple had arrived and shed their clothing on beach towels they had spread a few yards from those on which Rich and Beth had been fucking only minutes ago. They were walking naked towards the surf that Rich and Beth had just emerged from. 

The new couple on the beach differed sharply from Rich and Beth in appearance. They were both several inches shorter with darker complexions. Neither had the tan lines that Rich and Beth bore, suggesting that they spent a good deal more time basking naked in the sun. Both had dark black hair. The man's hair sported a bit of gray at the temples, and the woman's was a mass of tight black curls that cascaded down to her shoulders and stood out inches from her scalp. Unlike Beth, who kept her bush neatly trimmed, the woman's pubic hair was a springy mass of dark curls. Her breasts were large and soft, covering much of her chest, with large dark areolas and equally dark nipples. They swung from side to side as she walked. 

As the couples approached each other, Rich was trying not to stare at the naked woman's softly swinging breasts and dark inviting bush. He was largely failing in the effort and he could feel his dick beginning to swell. Beth was focused on the couples' dark brown eyes, noticing that the man's eyes were boring straight at her bouncing breasts and nearly naked pussy. She couldn't help noticing that the man's dick was about half engorged and swinging between his thighs. He certainly has a big dick, she thought. 

Finally as they came within a few feet of each other, the woman said, "Hello, how's the water?" Her voice was low with a significant accent, Spanish Beth thought. That would explain their darker complexions. 

"Oh, it's just lovely," Beth said, trying and failing to pull her eyes away from the man's large swinging dick. "But watch the waves. They will flatten you if you aren't paying attention." 

"Well, you may have the beach," he said. "We are going in for a swim. It's a warm walk down here from the road." The two couples were close enough that Beth could see both had a sheen of perspiration covering their naked bodies. 

"Thank you," Rich said, barely able to take enough of his attention from the woman's naked body to allow him to make small talk. 

The two couples passed and Rich found himself unable to resist looking back over his shoulder. The woman had a pear shaped ass that swung sexily back and forth as she walked. He quickly returned his head to the direction he was walking when he realized that the man was looking back at them, well probably at Beth's ass, he thought. But, my God, Rich thought, that woman has a beautiful ass. Then, as they took the last few steps to their towels, his mind wandered into a fantasy about what it would be like to be kneeling behind her holding her hips in his hands while he plunged his cock repeatedly into her steaming cunt. 

When they reached the towels Rich and Beth flopped down side by side. They were silent as they watched the new couple wade naked into the surf and dive under the first wave that approached them. 

"Penny for your thoughts?" Beth asked. 

"What? Oh, nothing really." 

"That's bullshit," Beth said with a laugh. "You were thinking about how sexy that naked woman you just met was." 

"What, no, no. Not really." 

"Then how come your dick is about halfway erect?" 

Rich looked down at his cock and laughed. "Oh, good point. I guess you got me. She did have nice tits, but not as nice as yours. Oh, and I thought she had a pretty good ass too." 

Beth laughed at him. "You're so predictable," she said. 

Rich looked over at Beth's tits. "Hmm, your nipples look pretty firm. Must have been something you were enjoying looking at too." 

Beth laughed and was a silent for a moment before she spoke up. "God, did you see how big his cock was?" 

"Uhh. No. I must have been distracted by something." 

"So do you think they heard us fucking while they were walking down?" Beth asked changing the subject. 

"They should have been quite a ways away then." 

"Maybe they were just back there in the brush listening and watching." 

"Do you really think so?" 

"I don't know." 

"Does it turn you on to think so?" 

"Yes!" Beth responded with a hiss. 

"Good, but lets get some sun now. You can fantasize about that when I eat you tonight." 

"How's that going to work? You know how much noise I make when you eat me. We'll never get away with that." 

I'm going to gag you. And I'm going to tie you to the bed, and blindfold you too. You can imagine that the guy out there in the surf with the big dick is eating you and that he's going to fuck you with his big dick, but you won't be able to make a sound." 

"Ummmm, I can't wait!" 

Then they both lay back on their towels, closed their eyes and indulged themselves in their own private fantasies—his about fucking the woman doggy style and hers about being fucked by the man's big dick. 

A few minutes later Beth reached over and stroked the inside of Rich's thigh, cupping his balls and softly massaging them when her hand reached the top of his thigh. 

"Look, they are coming back." 

Rich picked his head up and looked down the beach at the approaching couple. 

"You're right. He does have a big dick. Maybe almost as big as mine." 

"Maybe. I think maybe, even a little bigger." 

"Wishful thinking dear. Have you been thinking about fucking that big dick?" 

"Just a fantasy," she said. "Your dick is plenty big enough." 

As the other couple lay down on their beach towels, Beth rolled to her side so she was facing them and Rich did the same, sliding down behind her so that they were spooning, his growing cock nestled between the cheeks of her ass. 

"Umm, that feels good," she said softly. 

Rich reached over Beth's side and began to massage her breast. 

"How does this feel?" he asked. 

"Umm," she said. "Also very nice. Can you see them?" 

"No. My head is behind you." He pushed her hair aside and began to nibble on her neck. "What are they doing?" 

"She is fondling his prick. God it's big. It's standing straight up." 

"Are they going to fuck?" 

"I can't tell, but she is going to at least get him off with the hand job she is giving him." 

They were silent for a moment as Rich continued to nuzzle Beth's neck and massage her breast. 

"Oh now she's on her knees and sucking on his dick." 

"Are they paying attention to us?" 

"Yes, she is staring right at me. She knows we are watching and she is enjoying it."

"Fuck, that's hot. What about him?" 

"He is laying back with his eyes closed enjoying her blow job." 

As Beth continued to describe the other couple's lustful activities, Rich repositioned himself just enough so that his now fully engorged prick was pushing at the entrance to Beth's pussy. 

"Umm, that feels good." She lifted her upper leg and dug a heel into the sand. Now the woman could see Rich's cock pressing at the entrance to Beth's pussy. "They're both watching us now. I think they want to see us fuck." 

"What do you want?" Rich asked. 

"I want you to fuck me," she responded. 

"While they watch?" he asked. 

"Yes!" she said with a low growl of urgency. "Put it in me." 

Rich flexed his hips forward and felt his cock slide into Beth's hot wet pussy. 

"Are they watching?" 

"Yes," Beth said, her breath beginning to come in pants. "Oh, God your cock feels good. Push it in further!" 

As Rich accommodated her request by pushing his hips further forward and sinking his cock all the way into Beth, the woman and her companion shifted their positions. They rotated so the man's feet were facing Beth and the woman was sitting astride him in a reverse cowgirl. Beth couldn't see his head, but she could see his huge dick slowly inserting itself into his partner's cunt. The woman was sitting up, her eyes closed, as her pussy stretched to accommodate her companion's large dick. Once the huge cock was fully inserted, she opened her eyes and stared directly at Beth's eyes. She smiled and licked her lips and began to slowly ride the big cock, using her hands to massage her breasts and pull on her now fully engorged nipples. 

"What are they doing?" Rich asked. 

"She's riding his big cock and playing with her tits. And she's watching us. Fuck this is hot!" 

"Can you see his cock fucking her pussy?" He was slowly stroking his cock in and out of Beth now. Not hard or fast; just a slow, steady fuck. 

"Yes I can see it and she can see your cock in my pussy too." 

"This is what you wanted, isn't it, Beth. Fucking on the beach, while another couple doing the same thing watched us." 

"Yes, yes! It's what I wanted. Fuck me harder! Faster!" 

Rich shifted his position again so he had more leverage and began to stroke his cock in and out of her with more speed and force. Beth was whimpering and crying as she always did when they fucked and he could hear the other woman doing the same. Okay, he thought. Beth was right. It's definitely a turn on to have a couple watching us as we fuck. 

Both women reached down with a hand and began to stroke their clits, shamelessly watching each other as they rapidly approached their climax. Within a minute or less, Rich felt Beth stiffen, and her cunt clamped down on his prick as she climaxed with a loud scream. A moment later Rich heard the other woman scream in joy with her climax. He kept pumping his cock in and out of Beth. She was groaning in enjoyment. Not really approaching another climax but just enjoying the pounding his cock was giving her pussy. 

The other woman collapsed sidewise off her partner onto the beach towel, leaving his very erect and still unfinished cock sticking straight up in the air. He sat up and watched Beth and Rich as he began to stroke his cock. His companion was laying on her back next to him, but she was spent. He was watching Beth and Rich continuing to fuck as he masturbated, his dark eyes boring straight into Beth's eyes. He's putting on a show for me, she thought. 

The thought that the stranger was masturbating for Beth to watch caused her to suddenly begin to approach another orgasm. 

"Oh fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck!" she said loudly. The man was stroking his hard dick with everything he had now and rapidly approaching an orgasm, and Beth could feel Rich's dick doing the same in her cunt. Both men came, groaning with the low guttural growl men use when they climax. She could feel Rich's cum spurt into her pussy, and she watched as a long stream of cum erupted from the man's cock and land on his chest. 

The twin climax of her lover, Rich, and the stranger triggered another climax for Beth, her fourth for the day. "Oh! Shiiiiiit! Fuuuuuuck!" she screamed, surprised by the quick climax. 

Now all four were satiated, laying back in post-coital bliss. Neither couple said anything to the other, both wrapping their arms around their lovers. After a few minutes Rich whispered, "I think we need to get back to Poipu, Beth. Our parents will be expecting us." She lifted her head and saw that the other couple had walked down the beach for another swim. 

"Yes, I guess we better go back to being responsible children for our parents." 

Rich chuckled. "Yes, we should. But this has been a great day off, hasn't it?" 

They stood, still a little wobbly from their climaxes, put their swimsuits and shoes back on, packed their things into the knap sack, and began the walk back to the car. 

When they reached their car they pulled their more conservative clothes on over their skimpy swimsuits. Rich slid in behind the wheel and Beth got in the other side of the car. Before she let him drive away she leaned over and kissed him passionately. When they pulled apart Rich asked, "Did you get enough sex today, dear?" 

"No there is never enough, but it will have to do for awhile." 

"Good. That's what I wanted to hear. Wait until I blindfold and gag you tonight." 

"Ummm," she said as she reached across the car and stroked his cock through his clothing. "I can't wait." 

Beth to continued tease Rich as they drove back to Poipu—sometimes stroking his cock through his trousers and at other times, when they weren't in heavy traffic sitting back in her seat with her feet on the dash board as she rubbed her pussy through the shorts she was wearing. From time to time Rich would take a hand off the steering wheel and reach over to cop a feel of her breasts or to stroke her thighs. Beth would let him get away with it for just a moment and then make him stop. 

"Keep your hands on the wheel you pervert." Rich would dutifully put both hands back on the wheel, and then a mile further down the road, she would reach over and stroke his cock again. 

"God it's fun to torture you," she finally admitted. 

You're gonna get it," he responded. 

"I can't wait." 

"So fucking twice today wasn't enough for you?" he asked as they drove down the tunnel of trees that led into Poipu. 

"Not today it wasn't," she admitted. "I swear, I'm hornier now than I was when we first started walking down to the beach." 

Rich laughed. "You are insatiable woman . . . and that's one of the things I love about you." 

"I don't think you were exactly cutout for celibacy yourself mister," she said, as she stroked his cock again. 

"Celibacy. That's a gruesome thought," he said. "But tell me how did we ever get by before we moved to Palo Alto? We hardly fucked at all when we lived in Ohio, and what little fucking we did was pretty pathetic by our current standards." 

"Well, I don't know about you, but I did more than a little masturbating then," she said. "But I felt so guilty about it." 

Changing the subject, Rich reached down and lifted her hand from his crotch. "We'll be back at the house in five minutes. Gotta look presentable. Pretend we're back in Ohio." 

Beth laughed as she withdrew her hand. "Okay, back to being the good little boy and girl our parents think we are." They spent the rest of the drive making up a story to tell their parents about a lovely and chaste picnic they had on a beach somewhere north of Kapaa. 

As they rolled into the driveway Rich reached over and grabbed Beth's shoulder keeping her from hopping out of the car. "Just a minute dear. Before we go in we need a plan." 

"A plan? A plan for what?" 

"For how we are going to get to a shower as quickly as possible before our parents notice we reek of sex." 

"Oh," Beth said, her eyes getting wide. She sniffed the air and smiled at him. "God we do, don't we. How are we going to do this?" 

"We need a nap before dinner." He said. 

"We do?" 

"Yes. We walk in and tell them we took a long hike and were tired and need a short nap before we leave for dinner. Then we head for our bedroom and the shower as fast as we can. We can tell them the rest of the story we made up over dinner." 

"But it didn't include a hike?" 

"It does now." 

Beth sniffed the air again. "Oh you're so right. Be sure to leave the windows down so this car airs out, just in case they want to take it to dinner." 

Rich rolled down the windows, and they stepped out, carrying their backpack into the house and breezing through the living room and their parents' greetings as quickly as they could. 

Once they got into the bedroom with the door closed behind them Beth threw her arms around Rich and kissed him for a long time. Then she pulled back and whispered, "Do you think it worked?" 

"Yes. Within limits, they will believe what they want to believe." 

They took an hour to shower, "nap," and dress and then reappeared in the living room just in time for dinner at a nearby beach restaurant. They managed to keep their story straight and, as far as Rich and Beth could tell, their parents bought it. 

When dinner was over they told their parents to take the car, and that they would walk back to the house which was less than a mile away. As they stood in the parking lot watching their parents drive away Beth reached around behind Rich and begin to caress his butt. "Buy me a drink sailor?" she said. 

"You mean one of those rum drinks with the cute little umbrellas?" 

"Yes." 

"Preacher McCoy wouldn't approve." 

"There is almost nothing about our life style that Preacher McCoy would approve of, at least not in public. His private life style was a long ways from what he preached in public." 

Rich laughed. "Okay lady," he said. "I'll buy you a Mai Tie." Now he had his hand on her ass as they began to walk back across the parking lot. "But here's the deal. While the bar maid brings the drinks, I want you to go to the ladies and take off your underwear and put them in that big purse of yours so you are naked under that oh so conservative dress you are wearing." 

"Deal," she said as they walked into the restaurant and turned into the bar. They sat at a table, and after the waitress had taken their drink orders, Beth got up and headed for the ladies room. As soon as she was in a stall she pulled her loose fitting dress completely off and hung it on the hook on the back of the door. Then she striped off her panties, released her bra and shrugged it off, and dropped both in the big purse she carried. Now she was standing in the stall naked, but for the sandals she wore. 

Instead of immediately pulling her dress back on Beth stood in the stall fondling her breasts and letting her mind wander back to their time on the beach earlier in the day. God that was so fucking hot, she thought. I never thought I would let a stranger watch me fucking, but I did and it was so hot! She started to stroke her pussy and then stopped. "No," she told herself, "I need to get back to Rich." She pulled her dress back on and walked out of the ladies room and across the barroom, savoring feeling of her tits swinging beneath her dress and the air on her naked, wet pussy. 

A bartender spotted the swing of her tits beneath her loose fitting dress and stared lustfully at her. Instead of feeling embarrassed, Beth enjoyed his stare. Just before she reached their table she smiled and winked at the bartender. When she sat her back was to him, and she was focused on Rich. 

"Did you do what I asked?" Rich said, withholding her drink on his side of the table. 

"Yes," she said with a soft smile. 

He pushed the drink across to her and she took along sip. "Does it feel good?" 

"Fuck, yes." She just mouthed it rather than saying it aloud. The tables in the bar were close and there were other couples around them. 

"What's that? I can't hear you," Rich said, knowing full well what she had said. 

"I said, yes." 

"Oh, I got that part, but I thought there was more." 

"Well . . . maybe one other word." She smiled as she spoke. 

"Oh what was that?" 

"Can't say." 

"Really. Why not?" 

"It wasn't nice." As she spoke, she slipped off her sandal and began to slide her foot along his calf. 

"Oh. I see." Now her foot was above his knee caressing the inside of his thigh. He slumped a bit in his seat so she could reach higher along his thigh. 

"I wonder what not nice word you used? You don't use those words . . . well except when . . . you know." 

She laughed and slumped down in her seat so her toes were caressing his balls. "Yes, I guess I do get a bit carried away then. And you love it don't you." 

He gasped as her foot reached his cock. 

"I bet you know what I said," she said as she smiled at him. 

"Yes, I think I do." 

"Why don't you write it on that bar napkin and I'll see if you got it right." 

"Okay." He pulled a pen from his shirt pocket and wrote something on the paper napkin. He folded it and leaned forward to push it across the table to her. Then he reverted to his slump so she could continue to stroke his rigid cock through his trousers. 

Beth picked up the napkin and held it up before her face to read. It was only one brief word, but she took her time as though she was thinking about it. She stirred her drink with one finger and slowly inserted it in her mouth and then withdrew it even more slowly as though she was sucking on Rich's dick. 

"Let me have your pen," she said. 

He pulled it from his pocket and slid it across the table without rising from his slump. Her toes stroking his cock felt too good. 

She wrote something brief on the napkin below what he had written, folded it, and pushed it back across the table to him. 

He opened the napkin and saw first his message, "Fuck," followed by hers, "Lets." 

He took his time, as though studying a long message, and then wrote briefly again on the napkin, folded it, and slid it back across the table to her along with the pen. 

Beth carefully opened the napkin and looked at as though she was looking at her hole card in a poker game. The message from Rich said, "Where?" When?" 

She chewed on the end of the pen and then lowered it to the paper, letting its top drag across her one of her very erect nipples, which had made itself obvious through the light fabric of her dress. She wrote a few words and then folded it and pushed it back to Rich. Now she could feel a damp spot on his linen trousers as the precum leaking from his dick soaked through. 

Rich looked at the note and instead of writing more he just looked at her and said, "Really, there? I thought we agreed we wouldn't do that. Aren't you afraid we will get caught?" 

She smiled and shrugged. 

He whispered, "They will just be on the other side of the walls." 

"Yes. It's exciting." 

"But you'll be quiet won't you?" 

"Of course. I'll be just like a church mouse, like I always am." 

Rich laughed out loud. Then he sat up straight and tossed off the last of his Mai Tai in a single swallow and said, "Lets go." 

He threw a twenty on the table and stood. The woman at the table next to them stared without restraint at the tent in his trousers and the wet spot that Beth's massage had caused. Rich was oblivious to her, his thoughts focused on the idea of fucking Beth, but Beth had to really work to choke back a laugh at the woman's shocked look. Beth quickly rose and stepped around the table sliding her arm into Rich's as they walked out of the bar. Just before they got to the door, she dropped his arm and let her hand slide down his back until she was fondling his ass. She didn't look back at the woman at the table next to them, but she was sure she was watching them. The bartender was probably was watching too. 

The walk back to the house was shorter than they expected, even with a number of stops they made in darker portions of the walk to kiss and fondle each other. 

"Where is the key?" Rich asked, whispering. 

"It's supposed to be under a rock to the right of the door." She stepped away from him and bent over to search for the key. Rich quickly stepped in behind her and pulled her ass back against his crotch. She pushed back and they dry humped for a moment. Rich pushed her away, just enough to allow him to pull her dress up so it was around her waist. Now he was holding her naked ass and dry humping it. 

"Stop that you pervert!" she said. 

"Really?" 

"Yes," she said, but without the energy of her first challenge. 

"Are you sure?" Rich asked. As he spoke, he pulled one hand away from her hip and slid it between her legs. Her pussy was slippery and he quickly slid one and then two fingers into her cunt. 

Beth groaned in response. 

"Not so sure?" 

She gasped and managed to say, "Yes, I'm sure. I want your cock, not your fingers. Let me find the key and lets go inside, and for God's sake stop making so much noise. You'll wake up our parents and then we won't be able to do anything." 

"Okay, okay," he whispered in response as he stepped away from her. 

Beth stood and inserted the key in the lock. The door swung silently open, and they stepped into the darkened front hall. Rich carefully closed the door with only a very low click as it latched and he turned the thumb bolt to lock it. When he turned around from the door he found Beth facing him. She was standing standing very close and was very naked. She put her arms around his neck and pulled him down for a long wet kiss while Rich's hands explored her naked body. 

When she pulled back, Rich whispered, "Where's your dress? What if they're up?" 

"Shhh," she responded. Then she dropped her hands to his waist and opened his fly. She reached in and released his rigid cock from his boxers and stood in the dark and silent front hall stroking it. 

Rich's mind was about to explode, bouncing between fear of being caught by their parents and enjoyment of what Beth was doing to his cock. It only got worse when she dropped to her knees and slurped his prick into her mouth. He wanted to stop her and get out of their exposed position, but oh God it felt so good. Soon he had his hands on either side of her head, tangled in her lush red hair, pulling her head closer to him. Oh fuck this felt good, and the risk rising from where they were just made it all the more exciting. He was standing in a house where his and Beth's parents were sleeping (he hoped) while he was fucking Beth's face. Never in his wildest dreams had he imagined anything like this. 

Then there was a noise. They both heard it and froze. What was it? Just the house creaking in the trade winds? Maybe. But was it someone else in the house, walking about and making the floor creak? They maintained their position, Beth on her knees with Rich's hard, but rapidly shrinking, cock still in her mouth, while they both held their breath and focused on listening for another sound, an explanation of what they had heard. But there was nothing. After a few very long seconds of listening to a very loud silence, Beth pulled her head back and spoke in a whisper as she rose from her knees, "It was nothing. Just the wind." 

"We better get to the bedroom," Rich responded as they stood continuing to listen to the silence. He could feel his prick rapidly wilting as his mind focused on its search for another sign of danger. 

"Okay," Beth responded in a breathy soft voice. She turned away and began to walk slowly out of the front hall. 

"Beth, wait! Where's your dress? We can't leave it out here. They'll find it in the morning." 

She giggled quietly and then turned and stepped back up to Rich, reaching down for his cock as she returned. "That would be hard to explain, wouldn't it?" 

Rich gasped as his cock began to rise again in response to Beth's fondling. "Just find your dress and lets go!" he whispered as forcefully as he could. 

Beth stroked his cock one more time and then stepped back, leaving Rich standing with his again fully erect prick sticking out of his pants. She turned and grabbed her dress, which she had left on a table on one side of the front hall, but as she picked it up, the house key she had laid beneath it clattered to the floor. 

In the middle of the afternoon, the sound of a key falling on the tile floor would be nothing but background noise. At 11:00 p.m. in a dark and silent house to the two people standing naked or near naked in the darkened front hallway, it was like the sound of a gun going off. They froze and stood listening for another sound, a sound indicating that someone else in the house was awake and might find them as they tried to sneak in. Still there was nothing to hear but the sound of the trees waving in the trade winds. 

Eventually they both exhaled and Beth bent and retrieved the key. They tiptoed out of the front hall, through the living room, past the kitchen, and down the hall to their bedroom, which was positioned between the bedrooms occupied by their respective parents. When Beth reached for the doorknob, Rich put his hand on her shoulder signaling for her to wait and listen before opening the door. 

She knew what he wanted, but the warmth of his hand on her shoulder sent a jolt of passion through her. Amazing, she thought. All he has to do is touch me and it sends a jolt straight to my pussy. How does he do that? 

They were silent for a few moments and heard nothing coming from the room of either set of parents. Nor was there light coming from beneath either door. Rich took his warm hand from her shoulder and Beth carefully turned the doorknob. The click of the latch was like the falling key in the front hall—an insignificant noise magnified by time and circumstances. 

Beth pushed the door open, which was mercifully silent, and stepped in with Rich close behind her. He closed the door, again with a click of the latch that sounded like it could wake the dead. They stood facing each other again holding their breath and listening for a responsive sound. There was nothing and when they exhaled, Beth again threw her arms around Rich and pulled him down to her for a long sensual kiss. As they kissed he massaged her breasts and she could feel his withered cock quickly recover and press itself into her belly. Oh how she wanted that cock. 

Eventually she pulled her head back, her naked belly still pressed against his rigid prick. "I have to pee," she said. "Get your clothes off and lie on the bed." Then she turned and felt her way to the bathroom in the darkened room. She pulled the door shut and switched the light on. 

The light leaking from beneath the bathroom door allowed Rich to quickly find his way to the bed. He stripped off his clothes and stretched out on the bed, stroking his rigid cock as he waited for Beth to return. Before she shut off the light in the bath, he rolled to his side and turned on the small light on bedside table. It wasn't bright, but it would be enough for him to see Beth as she emerged from the bath and enough for them to see each other as they fucked. He was long past his Ohio days of wanting to have sex in the total darkness. 

The light in the bath switched off and Beth stepped out. She blinked at the light in the room shed by the bedside table light. "Rich," she said in protest. 

"I want to see you." 

"But . . ." she stood naked in the light from the bedside table and he stroked his cock as he lusted after her. 

"It won't go through the walls," he said, interrupting her. 

"But . . ." 

"And they aren't in the hall," he said anticipating her next objection. "They're asleep. I'm surprised we can't hear my father snoring." Actually the absence of his father's snores was bothering him slightly, but he wasn't going to tell Beth that. 

She stood torn between listening for the sounds she feared and obsessed with watching Rich stroke his rigid cock. Eventually the cock won out, and she walked to the bed in two long strides. She leaned forward putting a knee and a hand alongside Rich's naked body and then threw her other knee and hand to the other side of his body so she was on her hands and knees above him. Her tits were hanging beneath her and Rich reached up and began to massage them. The sensation was delicious for each of them. As she sank down on him his prick flattened against his belly and split her pussy lips in the most delicious way so that its head was lying against her clit, rubbing it when either of them moved. 

Beth used one hand to pull her long red hair back from her face and then leaned forward squashing her big boobs against Rich's chest, giving her clit another jolt from his cock as she moved. Then they began a long sensual kiss, their tongues dueling in the most delightful way, while Beth kept moving her hips just enough to masturbate her clit against the head of Rich's prick. 

Eventually though, good as their position was, it was not enough for Beth. She felt a need deep in her core. She wanted Rich's big cock to fill her cunt. It was empty and it so needed to be filled. She rose up, letting her hair fall in her face again and whispered to Rich, "I need you. I need you to fuck me. I need your big hard dick to fill my cunt." 

As she spoke she felt Rich's cock, which was still pressing against her clit, twitch. He loves it when I talk dirty, she thought. Now she rose forward on her knees and reached behind herself, taking Rich's cock in hand and positioning it's head at the dripping entrance to her cunt. Then she slowly slid back and impaled herself on him. Now it was Rich's turn to groan as his shaft slid into her warm wet tunnel. "Oh fuck you feel good babe!" he whispered as he felt the head of his cock reach the limits of her cunt. 

He started to flex his hips to slide his cock in and out of her in short strokes that never came close to fully withdrawing. "Wait!" she commanded in a whisper. "Not yet. I just want to feel you filing me like you are now. It feels so fucking good." 

So they held their position for a good minute or more with neither making a move, other than an occasional involuntary twitch of Rich's cock. "This is so good," she said. "I'm holding you in my cunt and our parents are sleeping right next door and haven't a clue." Rich was silent a he worked to restrain his need to start fucking. 

Then they heard it again. Not the same noise as before. This was a noise that couldn't be explained away as the house creaking in the wind. It came from one of the bedrooms on either side of them. They froze in silence. Again they heard it. And then it was continuous. They listened and stared at each other, still holding their breath. 

Finally Rich spoke. "That sounds like bed springs?" they listened more as the rhythm grew faster and the noise louder. 

"It sounds like someone is fucking," Beth whispered. 

"Are we in the wrong house?" Rich asked. 

Beth felt a moment of panic, but then she remembered. "No," she said, "I saw my mother's purse as we walked by the kitchen." 

There was a loud bang from the room next door. First just one and then it began to rhythmically repeat. 

"You're right they are fucking. That's the headboard. Banging on the wall. Our parents are fucking!" 

"But whose? Yours or mine?" 

"Uh Beth, your parents are in that room. It's your parents that are fucking, and they're really going at it." 

Beth giggled. "My God you're right they are." 

Then they heard another noise from the other side. There was no mistaking the sound of a woman crying out as she was being fucked. No head board this time. Just a couple engaged in a pretty noisy fuck. 

Rich and Beth looked at each other wide eyed. 

"Hah!" Beth said. "It's your parents too. That's your mother crying as your father pounds her." 

The fear they had experienced when they first heard a noise in the house had now turned to lust. "Rich," Beth said. "Now's our chance." 

"What?" 

We can make all the noise we want and each of our parents will think it is the other doing it. They don't know we are even in the house." 

She rolled off of him on to her back and spread her legs wide inviting him to mount her. Rich quickly got to his knees between her legs and then sank into her, impaling her with his cock. Beth rocked her hips back and crossed her feet behind his ass as he began to pound her. It didn't take long before they both climaxed violently and noisily. 

Rich and Beth were still naked in bed in the morning when her mother tapped on the door. They weren't really asleep. Actually they had been awake for some time quietly kissing and fondling, even though they knew they couldn't go any farther without the cover of last night's events. 

"Are you two getting up for breakfast?" her mother called out. 

"Yes, as soon as we shower. We will be out in about half an hour," Beth responded. 

"Okay." 

As they heard her mother pad away they both stretched languorously, and Beth threw the covers off. She stood and walked to the bathroom. A few minutes later Rich joined her in the shower. 

They didn't quite get to breakfast in half an hour, but it was close enough. Beth noticed that everyone seemed to be in a very good mood, and of course, nothing was said about noises during the night. In fact, everyone commented on how soundly they had slept and how quiet the neighborhood was.


