“Why aren’t you in bed, Malfoy?”

Slightly startled, Draco looked up from the couch.

“Well?” Tom urged. He had a worried expression on his face.

“Nightmare,” Draco said softly. “I couldn’t get back to sleep afterwards.”

Tom shook his head. He walked over to the sofa and sat down. “So why didn’t you wake me up?” he asked.

Draco blinked. “Do you really expect me to wake you when I’ve had a bad dream?”

“In a word: yes.”

“Why? It’s not like that would accomplish anything. Well, except for two people suffering through a sleepless night.”

“Has it ever occurred to you,” Tom said, cupping Draco’s face, “that I might actually want to stay up with you? And we certainly wouldn’t suffer, believe me.”

“It’s just…” Draco sighed. “I hate being this… weak. Father always said…”

“Shush. We’ve been through this before, haven’t we? Your father is dead. Gone. What he told you, what he taught you, what he did, it doesn’t matter anymore.” Tom pulled Draco into his arms. “It probably never did. And you’re not weak. Do you really think I’d bother with a weakling? Credit me with some taste here, would you, Malfoy?”

Draco gave a weary smile. “Tom?”

“Yes?”

“Do you think we could…?”

“What?”

Their eyes met and Tom instantly understood. “Sex won’t actually solve anything, you know,” he whispered.

“I know. I just want to feel something good, something other than…”

“Come here, then.”

A few minutes later, Draco temporarily forgot all about the damage and the pain. All he could do was lose himself to the warm, wonderful feelings and hope that this would never end, that Tom would never be forced to leave him.

“Mister Potter,” Professor Snape barked at the tardy student. "How considerate of you to grace us with your presence at last! Good to see we are still worthy of your precious time.”

Harry flinched. Quickly, he made his way to his desk, struggling not to draw too much additional attention to himself as he did so.

Snape was nowhere near done with him yet, however.

“Class, we shall be dueling today,” the man announced. “Mister Potter has arrived just in time to give us all a demonstration of how it’s done. Mister Potter, your wand, which I'm sure you must have missed terribly, is over there on the desk. Mister Malfoy, if you would be so kind as to stand up as well...”

Reluctantly, Draco rose from his seat. He wanted no part of this—not again.

“Appoint your seconds, gentlemen,” Snape said.

“I’ll be Draco’s second,” Tom volunteered.

Ron stood up and rushed to his best friend’s side. “And I’ll be Harry’s.”

Hermione let out a deep sigh and shook her head sadly. This couldn’t possibly end well. What was Snape even thinking? What was all this supposed to achieve? Did he perhaps derive some kind of sadistic pleasure from putting Harry in such a horrible position?

Yes, a voice in her head told her. She wasn’t proud that she felt this way, particularly about someone she had always respected and admired, but still… This was disgusting, unprofessional and completely out of order.

There they stood in front of the class: Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy, ready to face off against each other once more, exactly like they had done in second year.

Except…

“I can’t do this,” Harry muttered under his breath. “I won’t.” He knelt before Draco, in a shaky voice declared, “I concede,” and laid his newly re-acquired wand at his opponent’s feet. Then, without another word, he hurried out of the classroom as quickly as his legs would carry him.

Shocked gasps were heard all around, and in front of the gathering of stunned students, Tom moved first. Not paying any attention to the teacher’s threats behind him, he strode after Harry.

Snape turned and addressed a flabbergasted Draco. “Seeing Mister Potter has forfeited, I suppose that leaves you and Mister Weasley. Perhaps Miss Granger could take Mister Potter’s wand for safekeeping and return it to him later?”

Hermione complied. She picked up the wand and gave both Draco and Ron a look that said, “Please don’t hurt each other,” before she went back to her seat. A feeling of dread settled in the pit of her stomach.

It didn’t take Tom long to find Harry.

The boy was sitting on a desk, his head in his hands, in the same classroom where he’d spent time with Draco the previous night.

“Potter,” Tom said, keeping his tone carefully neutral.

“Riddle,” Harry snapped back. He straightened his shoulders, determined not to look as weak as he felt. He had no idea whether he’d be able to defend himself without his wand, but considering what had happened during their last confrontation, he assumed it was highly unlikely. Fuck.

Tom didn’t seem to want to fight, however. “Snape’s a nasty piece of work, isn’t he?” he said offhandedly. “No doubt he and my future self got along swimmingly.”

“Yes, they did,” Harry stated flatly. He saw no reason to lie; if Riddle truly wanted to hurt him, he was already as good as dead anyway. Why prolong the agony?

Instead, however, Tom asked, “Are you all right?”

Harry shrugged, not keen to discuss his current state of mind with Riddle; he still didn’t trust him in the least.

Again, Tom’s reaction surprised him. “We could go up to the Heads’ Rooms and wait there for Draco if you like?”

Harry frowned.

Tom shook his head. “Please. Don’t look at me like that, Potter. I know all about what happened here last night.”

“Oh.” Harry blushed despite himself. “Draco really told you?”

“Yes.”

“Oh.”

“We tell each other everything,” Tom supplied, still not looking angry or hostile. “Didn’t Malfoy make that clear? So, what do you say? Heads’ Rooms?”

“Um. Okay. I suppose.” He stood up and followed Riddle out into the corridor.

Barely another word was spoken until a good forty minutes later, Hermione and Draco burst through the door.

“There you are, Harry!” Hermione exclaimed “Thank heavens!”

“Granger,” Draco said, “you’d best go and tell Weasley that Potter’s fine.”

Hermione nodded.

“Where is Ron?” a worried Harry asked from the bed. The earlier tension had lumbered him with a splitting headache, and Tom had suggested he could lie down and have a rest, something Harry had eventually done, once he’d realised that Riddle seemed more interested in his reading material than in his reluctant guest.

“Weasley went to check the Quidditch Pitch and then the lake,” Draco said.

“Um. Right.” Hermione turned to leave. “You will be fine, won’t you?” she asked Harry, directing a meaningful glance towards Tom and Draco.

“Yeah,” Harry said with a smile. “Don’t worry.”

“I’ll leave this here for you,” she said. She placed Harry’s wand on the chair by the door and promptly exited the room, in search of her boyfriend.

Draco walked over to Harry. He sat down next to him on the bed, while Tom picked up his book again and continued reading, his back turned towards the other two.

“How are you feeling?” Draco asked.

“All right, I think.”

“Need anything?”

Harry slowly shook his head.

Draco scooted a little closer. “For some reason, I don’t really believe you.”

“Well, I …”

“Come on,” he said softly and pulled Harry into his arms. “Let’s lie down for a bit.”

“Oh. Okay. But won’t he…” He bit his lip and made a vague hand gesture in Tom’s direction.

“No,” Draco whispered. “He won’t.”

They lay down on the bed, Harry hesitating for a moment before resting his head against Draco’s shoulder.

They’d been planning to meet at lunchtime. He thought it had to be around noon now, too, but he wasn’t sure. “I think I’ll skip class this afternoon,” he said to no one in particular. “It’s just Divination anyway.”

Draco chuckled. “No great loss.”

“No. How about you?”

“Study period, so I’ll be staying right here.”

Harry smiled and snuggled closer. All he could think was that this was at least as nice as last night’s impromptu snogging. Or maybe, in a way, it was even nicer. For some reason, Malfoy made him feel cherished. This was unexpected, but definitely not unwelcome. Harry closed his eyes and soon drifted off to sleep, no longer caring about the oddness of the situation or the fact that Tom Riddle was also in the room.

Hearing the soft snoring against his chest, Draco grinned. He reached up a hand and ran it through Harry’s thick, dark hair. “Hey Tom,” he whispered.

Tom turned around and clearly amused, shook his head at the sight before him. “Well, aren’t the two of you just sickeningly sweet?”

Draco raised a challenging eyebrow. “Jealous, are we, Riddle?”

“Hardly, Malfoy. I think we both know you’re mine first.”

Draco grinned, and then added in a more serious tone, “Potter seems exhausted, though.”

“Hm. He probably sleeps even less than you do. Best let him rest for a while.”

“Tom?”

“Yes?”

“What are we going to do now?”

Tom closed his book and placed it back on the desk. He walked over to the bed, sat down next to Draco and asked softly, “About what?”

He hesitated. “Pretty much everything?”

Tom smiled. “Well, first we try to find out how they’re planning to send me back to the past. Then we ensure that they fail. And then you complete your schooling and we get away from all this, start afresh.”

Draco sighed. “You make it sound so simple.”

“Isn’t it? Besides, if you play your cards right, we’ll have the cooperation of one the most powerful wizards around, even if he isn’t quite himself these days. Then again…” Tom grinned deviously. “Something tells me you might be able to help him with that.”

Draco gulped. He looked down at the sleeping boy in his arms. “You actually want to use Harry to…?”

“No, Draco. I don’t want to use anyone. But think about it… Him being who he is… or at least who he might one day be again… It couldn’t hurt to have someone like that on our side, could it?”

“No,” Draco admitted reluctantly. “I suppose not, but…”

“You genuinely care about Scar Boy here, don’t you?”

His voice was barely a whisper. “Yes.”

“Then help him back on his feet and maybe he’ll help us in return.”

Draco bit his lip. “And what happens afterwards?”

“How do you mean?”

“When we leave Hogwarts.”

“Draco, you’re the one who inherited the gigantic mansion in Wiltshire. I suppose it’s up to you to decide whether or not you’d like a second guest, isn’t it?”

Draco let out the deep breath he’d been holding and smiled.