Sleeping over at Jenny's
by Jbang

So Jenny I have been friends have been friends since year one basically. My name is Kelly and my dad is best friends with Jenny's dad and that's how we met.

I'm 17yrs old now and we are still best friends. We have grown so close in our friendship and Jenny's dad is now like my adopted dad and my dad is like Jenny's adopted dad too. We have sleep overs like every second weekend, but we mostly sleep over Jenny's, because it is closer to school.

When we hang out we mostly just swim in her pool and just watch movies and stuff. I actually have my own wardrobe there, because I am always over. Jenny's dad is divorced and she only has one brother. He is a gamer and mostly stays in his room and Jenny's dad works in a bank.

He is pretty laid back and he is a friendly dad. We don't do anything stupid so he has never had to punish Jenny or I. We actually get alone great. I am pretty comfortable around him, like when we swim. We use to swim naked when we were really young, then after we were around 8yrs Jenny's dad made us wear bottoms and said it's for our own benefit. He didn't want the neighbours perving on us and he didn't want to make Jenny's brother feel awkward.

We are 17 now and his only rule is that we are aloud to swim without a top but if Jenny's brother is around then we have to cover up and if we walk around the house then we have to out a top on. Which is pretty fair, Jenny and I are no exhibitionist but we like to be comfortable at home.

We have never broken his rule, it is pretty easy to avoid her brother because he is always gaming in his room with the door shut and Jenny's dad is not bothered but seeing us without a top. He is only wanted his son to be comfortable in his own home.

We do like relaxing in our bikinis because it is hot and its just comfortable. We both have micro bikinis, so it is cheeky but we don't mind. Jenny's dad is a fair man he said if a man can do it then so can we. So a man can walk around topless and it wouldn't be an issue but so many people worry about women when the do the same and he believes that's not fair. So if Jenny's brother goes out for the week or night, then we are just topless.

Once her dad actually helped us out. We were both so confused with these spots we had around our nipples and Jenny's dad happen to walk passed, so we just asked him. He looked at both of ours and said don't they teach you in sex ed in school? And I just said no. Our school is pretty closed minded, so when do sex ed its more about teaching us about protection during sex and what sexually transmitted aids are out there. They don't go into depth about our growth and body development.

So Jenny's dad agreed to educate us. He is like a second dad to me so I trust him with my life and he has seen me naked when I was a kid and watched me grow up, so it's not like he hasn't seen me naked before. So he started with our breast development and we explained how we were worried about these little bumps around our nipple. He explained they were normal and they have no effect to our nipple. He rubbed mine and said if it hurt and I said no and he did the same with Jenny. He then showed us how to look for dangerous lumps in our breast.

Now obviously this did turn us on a little because we were constantly touching them. It doesn't mean it was sexual. He then explain about our vulvas, we asked if we can take our bottoms off and he said if we want to. So we moved to the lounge and we both took our bottoms off and sat on her lounge with our legs apart. Jenny's dad then said they all don't look the same but they are all the same. We didn't understand and then he showed us.

He then pulled my clit lips out and said see how on you Kelly your clit is like a butterfly and then he pulled Jenny's out and said and see how Jenny's is like a small love heart. We all have different shapes but there both still vulvas. He then showed us both our clits and should is how there under a hood of skin. He then rubbed both ours and showed us how sensitive it is. It did feel amazing but again it wasn't sexual.

He then explain what a hymen is, and went to show us ours. We then all realised that ours have already broke and he said that is probably due to sports in school. He then showed us on how to get to the back of our clits. He put his finger in me first which hurt a little and he had to go slow and then he curled his finger up and showed me behind the clit and said this is the g spot. He rubbed it a little bit and then Siad does that feel good and I said yes , it feels amazing. He also did the same for Jenny, which she loved as well.

He then explained a little about our asshole. There wasn't much to explain but he thought since we are here we may as well go through it. So I turned over first and lifted my butt in the air and he got me to spread my cheeks. He then showed how some people have colouring around their asshole and some don't. I have olive skin and he just pointed out how mine was pink. He said there is some feeling to this area as well. He rubbed it and it felt wierd but it did feel good.

Jenny is really white so here had a bit of a dark skin around here but it wasn't dirty just that was the colour of her skin. All this did feel good and we asked if we could stay in her room and play with it a little and he said he didn't mind.

He said just don't do it when Alex Jenny's brother was around. So we ended up playing with our pussys for a bit. I rubbed Jenny's clit and she rubbed mine at times and a few minutes went buy and all of a sudden it got really sensitive and it felt like I was gonna per. Jenny's dad came back with towels at the that moment and we just kept playing with our pussy we knew he is cool with it. I said to him it feels like I'm gonna pee and he said rub faster it is a good thing. I ended up having this spasm and got wet stuff everywhere and Jenny soon had had the same reaction and her dad just said great work l. That is called orgasming.

We both were so thankful that we both just gave him a hug straight away. We didn't care we were naked and he didn't care either. But we made a mess on his leg, all our past juice got all over him. He said don't worry he will clean up, he wipped our pussys clean and he cleaned the lounge up and said to go have a shower.

I went and saw him straight after my shower and thanked him. I said I'm not your daughter and yet you still treat me really well and he said it was his pleasure. I then said I better get out of this towel and get dressed. He then said that Jenny's brother won't be back all weekend and said if I want to I can be naked if I want. I said if Jenny wants to I will, and when Jenny came down I asked her and she said she wanted to.

So we ended up having dinner naked. We asked if we can go back to the lounge after dinner and play with ourselves some more. He said we have probably had enough for one night, your probably all dried up. I then said no mines still really wet and he said he couldn't believe it and I ran over to him and he checked and said wow your still are. He then said he had plans to watch a movie together. So we ended up watching a movie. Jenny's dad sat inbetween us on the couch and we watched a movie. Jenny I couldn't help ourselves but through the movie we started to rub ourselves. Jenny's dad didn't care and said well go on then you can go to your room and play with yourselves and we said we wanted to do it there and he said fine.

I had one leg on his and Jenny was in the same position and we were just rubbing our pussy. We ended up getting juices all over the lounge and we just laid on Jenny's dad when we were done. He put his arm around us and rested on our butts. I asked if he could rub our asshole again because it felt good and he did.

We ended up falling asleep on the lounge and we all woke up really sticky and I don't know how but I role around a lot in my sleep so I slept on top of Jenny's dad with my legs either side of his face. So he woke up really sticky on his face.

The end
