Martha is curled up on the couch, a book in her hands as Baloo lies on her feet, keeping them from getting chilly. The windows are open and she may just be snuggled up in John's MIT sweatshirt that she still has.

Its raining outside and the sound and smell of the rain is coming in from her open windows; there is a glass of red wine next to her and soft music coming from her old, beat up stereo.

It is just about a perfect evening.

It's pouring down but John doesn't rush as he walks down the streets of Cambridge. He's already wet, what does a little more rain matter?

He and Erin broke up.

He feels gutted, even though he'd halfway made up his mind to do it the first night he met Martha. Turns out, it hadn't even been all that hard. She hadn't asked if there was anyone else, just like he hadn't asked when just quietly nodded and said she thought that some time apart was a good idea, anyway.

He's pretty sure the "time apart" is permanent and he honestly can't imagine not having her in his life every day. He feels his throat burn again and forces the emotion back. He's not gonna cry, not over this.

He isn't all that surprise to realize that he's in front of Martha's apartment, but he does hesitate while he decides if it is a good idea to go in and see her or not.

There is a soft, hesitant knock on the door and Martha almost thinks that she imagines it. Slowly, she sets her book down and moves over to the door, looking out the peep hole before unlocking the door in a hurry and opening it up wide.

"John," she breathes, surprised to see him. Indeed, she really hadn't expected him tonight, hadn't expected to see or hear from him for awhile actually. She can tell just by his face that everything is wrong and she doesn't bother asking him just yet.

She takes his hand and tugs him in, wiping the rain from his face and brushing his hair back. She kisses the remaining droplets that fall off his eyelashes before she pulls him into the bathroom. "You're freezing," she whispers, helping him out of his drenched clothes. "Hop in the shower, warm up a bit. I'll make you some tea."

Placing a very soft, chaste kiss on his cheek, she leaves him a soft, clean towel and takes his clothes and puts them in the dryer, heading to the kitchen to boil water.

He isn't even really sure how long he stays in the shower. It feels nice to just let the water pour over him, warming his fingers and toes. He hadn't realized how cold he was until now.

He doesn't want to put on his wet clothes when he gets out of the shower, but he doesn't want to walk into her living room naked, either. He stands there in the bathroom with his hands braced on the sink, leaning his weight against it while he tries to decide what to do.

"Just grab the duvet," she calls from the kitchen, assuming what the quiet is about. "You can wrap up in that while your clothes are drying."

She stands, leaning against the wall and smiles turning so he has a bit of privacy while she makes his cup of tea.

He feels ridiculous sitting with her blanket wrapped around his body. He feels ridiculous even being here, and he's not sure that he wasn't interrupting some plans she had. Maybe she was already moving on, some guy with a bigger dick and more money and she just felt sorry for John so she was letting him hide out from the storm in here until her date showed up...

"... John?" She asks softly, peeking her head around the bedroom door. He's sitting on her bed, her duvet wrapped around him and his hair wet and spiked up.

"Your clothes will be ready in about an hour," she continues softly, setting the cup of tea down on the bedside table. She can't begin to imagine whats going on in his head but she can imagine its weighing him down. She gives him another soft smile before slipping out of the room and closing the door behind herself. Maybe what he needs is some time alone, a few moments to himself. Heading back to the couch, she curls herself back into her seat, shushing Baloo as he keeps making soft whining noises as he glances at the door.

He sits in her bedroom for all of ten minutes before it feels like the silence is going to make his head break apart. He opens the door and sees her on her couch.

God, she's gorgeous. He makes his way over to her and sits at the other end, staring straight ahead. "Look, I'm sorry if you had plans tonight or something that I'm putting a kink in."

"Oh John," she sighs and shakes her head, setting her book down on the coffee table. She gently shoves Baloo off of her legs and pulls him to lay back against her, while she wraps her arms around him. "I didn't have anything planned. Its my night off, I don't usually go out to clubs or anything when I don't have work. I get enough of them during the week."

He rests his head against her shoulder and lets her hold him. It feels good. Really, really good.

"I broke up with my girlfriend tonight."

"Your girlfriend?" She asks, keeping her voice calm and steady. She had assumed that he had a girl.

"I'm sorry to hear about that John. Did you two have a fight?" She does not push him off of her, nor does she put up a fight, but she still can't help but be a bit disappointed in him. She had really hoped he would be different from all the guys that she ran in to at the club.

"Fight? No." John tilts his head around and looks at her. He finds her hand and links their fingers together. "No, no fight. I just couldn't keep on... doing this, with you... with her still thinking... I couldn't do that."

She lets John hold her hand while she tries and figures out what he's saying. "You couldn't do this? What are we doing John?" She asks quietly, wanting him to clarify what he thinks this is.

His stomach sinks even more because clearly from the look on her face he's said something wrong. Or at the very least, something not exactly right. (Somehow in his mind, there is a distinction between the two.) "Aw hell, I don't know. I just mean, I couldn't cheat on her. And if I was willing to - wanting to - then the relationship wasn't what it needed to be, anyway. I think we were just... comfortable. With each other. It was easy. Stuff like that - it shouldn't be so easy you forget to even try. I just... it wasn't working, even without this... us."

Martha feels a bit better and less of a homewrecker at least, which helps. "No, you're right. It's not fair for either of you to be in a relationship where neither of you are trying anymore. If you were willing and able to cheat on her then you did the right thing John."

"But I did love her." John says, sighing and shutting his eyes. Her face is the first thing he sees - young and beautiful, smiling like she did when he caught her off-guard with a compliment or a joke. "Not in love with her... not anymore... but we've been together a while. It wasn't easy."

He turns his head, rubbing his nose against Martha's neck. He's warmer now. "You smell good."

"First love John?" She asks softly, bringing him back on track and not letting him stray from the topic with how her soap smells on her skin. "Its natural that its going to hurt for awhile. You probably put a lot of emotion and time into the relationship and her, if you could shrug it off easily, that would be worrying."

He takes a minute before he answers. He's not sure why she's being so nice to him. He's been a total dick, sleeping with her and two-timing Erin. "Yeah. First love. And it was good, for a while."

"Of course it was good, that's why you were with her," Martha reminds him gently. She runs a hand through his hair, soothing him as he rests his head on her stomach.

"Yeah... " John turns on his side, the duvet slipping down his body. His arms are around her and her hand in his hair feels nice. "I think she might have met someone else, too. She didn't... there wasn't any arguing... she didn't..." Cry, he's going to say, and then thinks that maybe it'll make him sound like even more of a dick because he's upset that his girlfriend didn't cry when he dumped her. "I'm not sure she even cared."

Of course, he's overstating it. She hadn't actually jumped for joy. She'd looked - well, like he felt. Sort of confused, not sure what to do.

"Don't say that John. Of course she cared. Whether she met someone else or not doesn't mean she would stop caring about you or being with you. If she had totally moved on... She would have done something before now."

John sighs. "Yeah. Yeah, you're right. I just..." He rubs his hand over his eyes. "I don't know. I don't know what to think."

"To everything there is a season, a beginning and an end," quotes Martha softly. "Or at least, according to the Byrds."

"Remember the good times you had together and later, once you've both had time to grieve your relationship, make a point to talk to her. Your life isn't over, and neither is hers. Perhaps you are going separate ways. Perhaps you are growing up, either way its not the end."

"The Byrds, huh? You gonna sing me a lullaby now?" He tips his head back and looks up at her, upside down. "Maybe some Beatles..." He hums the tune of Yesterday and then laughs, like he's just told a joke.

"You a Beatles fan John?" She asks, her hand moving to the back of his neck to rub gently there. "You like British music, hm?"

"I like a lotta things British." He says, hand sliding down her thigh and over her knee to squeeze it. "British music. British girls. British food. Okay, not that one."

"Just the music and the girls then?" Martha teases, smiling softly at him and leaning back to rest her head against the pillow.

"Sports aren't too bad either. It's kinda funny, you always see British dudes looking like pussies on tv and stuff and then you watch some soccer and it's like, bam, asses being crushed all over the place. D, my roommate, D'argo, he plays rugby sometimes. Come back looking like Mike Tyson used him for a punchin' bag. And D ain't a little man."

Martha raises an eyebrow at John, "Pussies?" She rolls her eyes, twenty year old boys are twenty year old boys. "Yeah rugby's a tough sport. Takes a tough man to play it."

"Hey, I could play rugby!" John automatically says. Then he thinks of D'argo, and how big D'argo is, and relents. Mentally, anyway. "Maybe I'll ask D to let me in on a game some time and you can come watch.

Martha chuckles because she knows exactly what he is doing, showing off. Proving that he IS a big tough man and she finds it amusing and incredibly endearing. "I would come watch," she agrees.

He smiles, pleased with her readily she agrees. "You'll like D. He's a trip. His girl, too - man, they fight like cats and dogs. Do other stuff like animals, too."

"Fuck like animals too hm?" She really laughs at that. "You want me to meet your friends, John?"

"Yeah. That freak you out?" He asks, keeping his eyes shut just in case the look on her face isn't something that will reassure him.

She pauses, not sure how to ask what she wants to know without coming out and saying it. "Are we.... dating John?"

John laughs, humorlessly. "What a conversation to be having three hours after I break up with my girlfriend. Hell, I don't even know. I don't know anything. You got a magic eight ball around here somewhere? Let's ask it."

Martha nods and thinks about it.

"Are you hungry?" She finally asks, changing topics entirely as she gently gets up from the couch and makes her way to her kitchen. "I could heat you up some left overs if you're hungry..."

"Hey, food, yeah." Technically he'd taken Erin out to dinner earlier but neither of them had done a whole lot of eating. "Whatcha got?"

Martha turns, pulling open the refrigerator and pokes through it. "Pasta, Chinese... Could make you a sandwich. Perhaps some quesadillas if you're nice."

"I can be nice." He says with a tired grin. "And I really like quesadillas."

Chuckling, Martha pulls out some chicken and tortillas and cheese and gets her stove going. She keeps up easy conversation with John as she makes him a couple quesadillas, flipping them onto a plate when they were done.

"Here," she says, handing them over as she makes her way back to the fridge and pulls out a beer and hands it over as well. "You look like you need it."

He answers questions about his classes and assignments he's working on while she cooks. It's nice, mindless conversation and just what he needs to all but zone out for a few minutes.

She sits back in a wing back chair opposite from him as he eats, her legs curling up underneath her as she watches him.

When he finishes she takes his plate to the kitchen but leaves it there. "I think... your clothes are probably done..." She heads over to the closet where the dryer was hidden and digs through, pulling out his jeans and boxers.

"Thanks." He says, taking the clothes from her. He's not sure where his shirt is, so he just puts on what he gives her.

She digs it out of the dryer and hands it over, standing next to him a bit nervously. She's not sure if she should kick him out to go back to his place (probably the safest), offer to set up the couch (the one less likely to cause problems) or to just pull him back into her bedroom (the one most likely to lead to things).

He's pretty sure by the way she's just standing there that he's overstayed his welcome. If she wanted him here, surely she'd have said something more by now - but handing him his clothes is a pretty good sign all by itself. He rubs a hand against the back of his neck and glances at the door. "Yeah, I'll just... go."

"You ... sure?" She asks, following him to the front. "I think it's still raining out and..." and I don't want you to be alone tonight. She fails to add.

He looks up at the ceiling (hm, a crack) and jams his hands into his dryer-warmed jeans. He thinks about walking all the way home in the rain. Thinks about rain, and rainy afternoons, and that one spot on campus where he got caught off guard by a rainstorm. It's a nice spot, not yet invaded by Frisbee players or suntanning freshmen girls, a place he goes for studying or just to relax. He likes to take a lunch and a blanket to spread under the big, sprawling oak tree... "I think I wanna take you on a picnic."

Martha is caught off guard, really not what she had been expecting him to say. "A picnic?" She repeats, a smile spreading slowly on her face. "Right now? I think that might be a bad idea, what with all the raining and such."

Biting her lip she crosses her arms and leans against the wall, looking up at John with a sweet smile on her face.

He glances out the window. "Yeah. Maybe you're right. Some other time, though. There's this one place I was just thinking of... you'd like it. I think."

"I don't think anyone has ever taken me on a picnic before," she says softly, thinking about it.

"What? That's just not right. Okay, we're going on a picnic, everyone needs to do that at least once. First day you're free that the weather's good." John declares.

"Lovely," Martha laughs, giving in and wrapping her arms around John's neck and giving him a peck on the lips.

John is surprised by the kiss. His arms stay at his side but he leans into her, smiling.

She keeps it very short and very chaste, pulling back from the kiss with a bit of a smack. Blushing, she pulls her arms back and turns to turn a lamp off and close the window. Baloo begins to follow her as she locks the door and begins to head into the bedroom.

She opens a window there and straightens the bed a bit before peeking out at him. "You coming?"

He still hesitates. "You don't mind?"

"If you'd rather sleep on the couch, I can make the couch up for you?" She offers, pulling a cami top on and then moving to stand in front of the bedroom door.

"No, I'd... no. If you don't mind I'd... your couch looks uncomfortable, anyway." He says, though it's a lie. "And too short for me."

"Well, maybe that last one," she agrees, picking up her duvet from the floor and putting it back on her bed. Unlike before when she's slept with John, this time she crawls in with the cami and yoga pants on.

He takes off his jeans and his t-shirt, but follows her example by leaving the boxers on. The bed feels nice. He hadn't even realized how tired he was. He wants to reach for her but the same hesitation stops him.

She rolls over, her fanning out on the pillow behind her. The lights are out in the room, Baloo snuffling softly on the floor and the rain still coming down outside. She smiles softly at him and is a bit unsure of exactly how much to do, how much is too much.

He rolls onto his side and puts one arm loosely around her, resting his forehead against the back of her neck. He presses a very soft kiss there and says, "Goodnight."

She relaxes back against him and smiles, "Goodnight John."