The Two Of Us Take A Trip
by EmiTsuruta

Part 1

Ryosuke gets me to hike naked. We make love near a highway.

I awoke to the sound of a strange alarm clock. I opened my eyes, and looked over only to see Ryosuke lying there on the bed next to me, light from blinds forming slats of dark and light on his naked shoulders. Oh this was Jill's B&B, further up the coast from Oceanview. Ryosuke's hair was tousled, his skin, fairly tan, darker than mine, even though he works indoors. The hair on his face had grown longer, not quite a beard. He's usually clean shaven, but we were on vacation.

I cuddled up next to him, enjoying his warmth. He slowly awoke, and smiled back at me. I stroked his cheek, feeling the fuzz of his beard. Perhaps embarrassed by my affection, he climbed out of bed to get ready.

"There's a place I want to show you, cliffs just up north a bit," he told me, sounding pretty pumped.

We had breakfast, and Ryosuke talked with Jill while I had a shower. Since I knew we would be hiking, I pulled on white cotton panties, a white lace bra, blue jeans and a white stretch cotton t-shirt. I brought sandals for the beach and black hiking boots.

Ryosuke showered next, and came out in black tight-fitting jogging pants, a white windbreaker and sunglasses, fairly smart. I gave him a kiss, and off we went.

The place we were going turned out to be fairly far. Because it was so hard to get to, I guess Ryosuke was hoping that there wouldn't be many people there, but when we got there, there was a line up to get into the parking. We were one of the last cars they let in that day.

We parked, packed our swimsuits and stuff in our backpacks, and headed out, holding hands. At first I had pictured some kind of rugged hiking trail through the wild, but actually, there was a road that went through these camping grounds, and we even passed a little lake with a beach.

"Just a little further," Ryosuke beamed.

Once you get closer to the coast though, the trail did get pretty rocky, but when we finally made it, there were tons of people there. There was this little inlet with cliffs on each side, and everyone was swimming or diving in off the cliffs. We overheard a boy saying the beaches further on were even better, so we kept walking up. We saw some really nice caves, and Ryosuke took some pictures.

We passed by another stony beach, and then came to the third one. The way in was up on top of a cliff with all these big rocks, but further down you could see a flatter beach that ran all the way around the inlet. There were American women sunbathing in bikinis. Ryosuke looked down at them, his eyes hidden behind his dark sunglasses, but then he gave me a smile to reassure me that I was cuter than they were.

The shore was all stony, but you could see that there were sand banks out in the water. After looking around for a while, we found a flat rock which sloped into the water, and decided to go in there.

The next problem was where to change. We'd seen a couple of washrooms along the way, but that was a ways back. Ryosuke motioned that we should change in the woods. We carefully picked our way through the rocks to the back of the beach where there were some trees. It wasn't like a forest or anything, but at least we found a place with trees on either side. Still people coming down the path would pass right by the opening in the trees in front of us. The sun was high in the sky, and it was so bright out too. Worse yet, I could hear people's voices. I got Ryosuke to stand in front of me to block the view, but my heart sped up as I got ready to change.

I slipped out of my boots, and stood on top of them. Ryosuke was facing me, grinning away. I undid my belt and the button and zipper on my jeans. I couldn't see anyone over Ryosuke's shoulder, but I could still hear the voices. I couldn't tell if they were coming this way or not. I finally got up my nerve, and slowly pulled my jeans down. I lifted each foot out of my jeans, and then handed them to Ryosuke. I still had my panties on, but the feeling of the sea breeze on my legs was getting me all excited.

The voices seemed to be getting further away, but then suddenly, this Asian man passed by right in front of us. He didn't look this way, but I swear I almost had a heart attack. I put my hand on Ryosuke's shoulder trying to hide behind him. We both waited to see if any other people would walk by. The rest of his group seemed to be further off closer to the beach.

Eventually, their voices died away. Ryosuke breathed a sigh of relief, and I laughed. I don't know why, but I found the whole situation so funny. Here we were trying so hard not to be seen, but everyone else must have gotten changed in the trees too.

Still giggling, I pulled my panties down, and stepped out of them. It felt so good to be free of them, but it felt weird standing here bottomless so close to the trail. I quickly handed Ryosuke my panties, and lifted my t-shirt off over my head. I started shivering, more from the excitement than anything. I gave Ryosuke my t-shirt, and then my bra. He looked so pleased that I'd gotten naked.

"Here, spin around. Let me see," he told me making a circle with his finger. I felt nervous, but I slipped my boots back on, clutched my breasts, and did a little pirouette for Ryosuke.

"Wow! You looked gorgeous," he beamed. He always likes it when I get naked. I was getting pretty excited myself.

Ryosuke squatted down, and started rooting around inside his back pack for something. I moved forward a bit, peering over his shoulder at the trail. I couldn't believe I was standing here naked so close to the busy beach. I put one hand between my legs, feeling myself getting wetter.

Ryosuke finally got out his camera. He backed away to video me, and now I didn't have anyone to hide behind. I looked down at my backpack, wondering if I should get out my swimsuit. Something caught his attention off to the left. He must see people. Were they coming this way?

He didn't tell me what he could see, but eventually, he turned back towards me, and motioned for me to pose. I did the best I could. Once he'd got the shot, he came running back. I quickly got out my red and white bikini, and pulled it on. The bikini itself doesn't cover much, but it was more decent than running around naked. I was still shaking as I straightened out the bottoms, but Ryosuke took a video of me in my swimsuit.

"You look so funny in your boots and that bikini."

I sniffed my disapproval. I could change into my sandals, but it was easier to walk on the pebble beach in my boots. I picked up my backpack, and walked out from among the trees. There were a lot of people sunbathing back up the hill, and a few people walking around on the beach to our right, but no one seemed to be paying much attention to us. Thank heavens. I hope no one saw me naked.

"Here just stay there while I change," he instructed. I took a little peek at his penis while he was changing, but he got dressed pretty quickly. He's always pushing me to get naked, but he's a bit shyer about his own body. He's got a good body though, tanned, muscular. I like it anyway.

Once he had his swimming trunks on, we walked down to the shore. Ryosuke put our stuff down on a flat rock, and got out some snacks to eat. He kept looking me up and down. I felt a bit self-conscious. Do these boots really look so strange with my bikini? I finally changed to my sandals, and walked down to the ocean. Just nearby there were three Americans, two guys and a girl, maybe thirty years old, wading in the water and swimming around. One of the guys was tall and slender and kind of handsome. He was talking with the other two, and didn't look over at first.

I kicked off my sandals, and waded in. Before long the guy noticed me, and started staring. I pretended not to notice, but I waded over towards him, and splashed water up onto my body. I was feeling pretty sexy from my little strip tease.

Ryosuke was trying to act like it was no big deal. I stretched up as tall as I could, and tried to walk gracefully. I turned my back to them, but I could feel this guy watching me. I dove in, and swam out to a sand bar. I rose up out of the water, and when I turned to look, both the guy and Ryosuke were looking straight at me. Wow! This is great! I should wear this bikini more often.

I flirted a bit more, but eventually, Ryosuke came out to get me. He gave me a kiss to make it very clear that I was his girl. Ryosuke is so cute when he's jealous.

We fooled around for a bit, but eventually we came back to shore, and dried off. The guy disappeared. We were both getting hungry, so eventually we headed back too.

First, we walked back to the tree line to where we had changed earlier. There seemed to be quite a few hikers coming down the trail. We looked at each other not sure if it was safe to get changed, but anyway, as soon as one group passed, I quickly undid my bikini, and took it off. Squatting down naked, I dug around in my backpack for my clothes. We could hear another group coming down the trail, so Ryosuke went out to try to head them off. They stopped talking, but I couldn't tell if they could see me or not. I was so nervous I was shaking. I looked down at my bikini, and wondered if I should pull it back on till they had gone past.

Eventually, I got my t-shirt out, and pulled it on over my head. I was so aroused you could see my nipples sticking out through the thin material. I grabbed my jeans, and yanked them out of my bag. Just then someone came up right behind me, and I almost screamed. It turned out to be Ryosuke.

"Calm down. Calm down. It's just me."

I stood up, and gave him a hug. It was pretty scary.

"Relax, they went off towards the beach... but there's another group up at the top of the hill, so you'd better hurry."

I found my underwear, and slid them on. Finally, I began to calm down. I don't know why I'd got so scared. I guess I was just frustrated because I couldn't get my clothes out, and people were coming. Ryosuke didn't seem worried. I kind of pouted, but he just smiled.

Anyway, I finally pulled my jeans back on. Ryosuke started to change, so I kept a lookout, and soon he was dressed and ready to go. He hadn't calmed down any though. While we walked along the trail back, he kept on touching me, trying to get me excited, but there were way too many people nearby. Even in the parking lot, there were lots of people coming back.

We drove out to the main road, and had some lunch in a roadside diner. Ryosuke said that Jill had told him about a hiking trail back towards the B&B. It wasn't in the guide book, but Jill's husband had photocopied a map for us. Apparently, Jill and her husband had gone there a few days before, and it was one of their favorite spots.

We couldn't get that close by car, so Ryosuke just parked on the grass next to the highway, and then we hiked in. Ryosuke brought his backpack, but I left mine in the car. Ryosuke went on ahead along the path through the meadow until we got to the woods.

Under the trees, it was pretty dark and misty, but there weren't so many plants. The path eventually turned towards a cliff, and through breaks in the trees, we could see the valley below. Even with all the mist, the view was beautiful. Ryosuke got out his camera, and took pictures. It was a nice place. I put my arms around him, and kissed him. He seemed pretty happy too.

We walked on a bit further, and soon, I realized I needed to go to the washroom. We hadn't seen any washrooms. It just seemed like forest for miles. We hadn't seen any people either. Eventually, I couldn't hold it in any longer, and so I got Ryosuke to give me some tissues, and I went off the trail into the woods. I was a bit afraid, so I told Ryosuke to stay nearby.

I tried to find some place private so I could hide if someone came along. I finally found a spot that was shaded by some tall grass and trees. I looked all around through the trees, but there didn't seem to be anyone there except maybe a few birds. I cautiously unbuckled my belt, then pulled down my jeans and panties all the way to my ankles.

When I was done, I realized I should wash everything off.

"Ryosuke, can you bring me some water?"

He popped up behind me instantly, making me wonder if he'd been watching. He peered down at my bare bottom as I poured water on the tissues, and cleaned myself off.

"Don't look," I pouted as I dabbed between my legs with the tissues.

"Jeez, Emi, if you stand there naked like that, I want to do a lot more than just look." Ryosuke rifled through his pockets looking for something.

"What?"

"Jeez, I forgot my condoms back in the car."

I looked at him sternly, but to tell you the truth, I was feeling a bit excited too. I still felt afraid though, so I gathered up my panties and jeans, and pulled them back up.

Ryosuke came up behind me, and wrapped his arms around my waist. He leaned in, and kissed my neck, but I just turned my head away, shy. I was about to do up the front of my jeans, when Ryosuke reached down, and stopped me. I could feel a bulge poking into my behind.

"Oh Ryosuke. I thought you just said..."

"I know, I know. We don't have to do it here. I just want to take a look at you." He slid his hands into the waistband of my jeans and panties, and pulled them back down again.

"Hey!" I protested.

"Trust me, Emi. You look better like this."

I pulled down the front of my t-shirt to try to cover up my pubic hair. I felt so exposed. I breathed in deeply trying to calm down. The pink flesh of my legs and hips stood out against the shadowy black earth of the forest floor. He motioned for me to lift up my leg. I hesitated for a moment wondering how far he was planning to take this. I was afraid. I peered around looking for other hikers.

"There's no one here, Emi. We've been here almost an hour, and haven't seen a soul."

I was still worried, but I lifted my feet, allowing him to take off my jeans and panties. I just stood there for a moment a bit overwhelmed at being bottomless. Everything seemed more vivid and intense. Every little sound or movement made me jump.

Holding down the front of my shirt to cover up, I turned around to face Ryosuke. He was stuffing my jeans and panties into his backpack.

"Hey, what are you doing?"

"I just thought we'd go for a little walk."

"I can't walk around like this. What if someone comes?"

"I told you. There's no one here."

I desperately held onto the t-shirt hem, and stared back towards the trail. This is crazy. I squatted down trying to hide.

"C'mon, don't be like that. You look gorgeous. Here stand up, and let me get a look at you."

I looked all around, but the woods seemed pretty quiet. I slowly stood up. I couldn't believe I was standing here in just my t-shirt. I felt all jittery inside. I just stood there, tense, but all we could hear was the wind in the trees and a few crickets and birds singing.

"Here, take off your shirt, and let me video you."

I couldn't believe it. Here I was, naked from the waist down, completely freaking out, and all he can think of is filming me. Ever since he bought his new digital camera, he's been so keen on getting videos of me naked. What if someone came?

I just stood there, listening, still half expecting someone to show up at any moment. Ryosuke came over to where I was, and reached out to take a hold of my t-shirt. I held it down, but he grabbed my butt cheeks, getting me all excited. I started yelling at him,

"No, let me go! Stop that! Oh, please!" He was tickling me though, so I broke out laughing. He got a hold of my shirt, and pulled it up and over my head. I probably could have stopped him if I tried, but to tell you the truth, I was excited too. I kept looking around nervously, while Ryosuke undid my bra, and took it off.

I looked down at my naked body, a shiver running up my spine. My skin was so bright and pink. People would be able to see me for miles. I fingered my nipples. Why am I getting so excited? I ran my fingers through my pubic hair, savoring the sensation.

All I had on was a locket around my neck, a couple of bracelets on one wrist and my black hiking boots and socks. It was a spooky feeling to be naked in the woods, but it was exhilarating too. I know some day we're going to get caught, but even so, Ryosuke keeps pushing me to do more and more dangerous things.

Ryosuke looked tickled pink.

"Jesus, Emi, look at you."

I covered my breasts and pussy with my hands.

"Oh, don't do that."

I finally put my arms down, while he readied his camera. He started videoing. Both of us were so nervous. I couldn't stop shaking. You'd think I'd get used to this, but I haven't. It just feels so intense, you know?

"Here, let's go for a walk."

I looked at him uncertainly. Sure we hadn't met anyone yet, but that didn't mean someone wouldn't come along. He tried to reassure me, and I tried to calm down, but my heart was pounding away. I slowly stepped out from behind the grass into a little clearing. Even though it was still a bit misty, the sun was beaming down lighting up my naked body. I held my breath, gazing out at the woods in fear and wonder. I wanted to run, and hide somewhere.

Ryosuke motioned for me to walk back towards the trail. I gathered my nerve, and slowly came out till I was on the trail. I looked back nervously at Ryosuke, but he just motioned for me to go on ahead, so he could video my backside. I tried to keep from shaking as I padded along through the woods.

The trail was still pretty dark, but every once in a while we would come to a break in the trees where the sun shone down. I would quickly hurry through those parts, but Ryosuke said something about those being the best places to film. I would stop, and try to pose for him for a bit, but then I would get all nervous again, and run, and hide.

As we didn't see anyone, I managed to calm down a little, and tried to enjoy myself. I'd never walked in the woods naked before. It's really hard to describe. It is an amazing feeling. I felt so free, so aware of my body. The cool breeze kind of makes you tingle all over. Just thinking about it gives me shivers.

We continued along the trail for a while. That was kind of scary because we hadn't gone this way yet, and we didn't know what we'd find. Soon, we came to another log embankment at the bottom of a hill. We walked along a bit further. The path seemed to turn up the hill, and I could see this guard rail running along the top. Frightened, I squatted down, and waited for Ryosuke to catch up. He came up, but instead of giving me my clothes back, he just climbed up the hill to have a better look. I hunched here nervously for what seemed like forever, and then I saw him appear over the railing. He signaled for me to come on up. I got all jittery again as I slowly climbed up to the top, acutely aware of my own nakedness.

The road ran through the forest, as far as we could see both ways. The air was quite clear. Maybe the mist was clearing up, but anyway, luckily, it looked like no one had used the road for a while. Ryosuke took my hand, and helped me cross over the guard rail. I felt so strange standing there on this wide road completely naked. I was terrified that a car would come along, but Ryosuke kept videoing me.

I leaned up against the rail, and tried not to look afraid. Then he got me to stand right out in the middle of the road! I reluctantly let go of the railing as if it had somehow been protecting me, and felt very exposed as I teetered out into the middle of the road. The tension was incredible, but I felt a rush when I finally got out there. I took a few steps, and then twirled around for him, and then scurried over to the forest on the other side of the road. At the time, I was scared, but looking back, it was pretty exciting.

We found the trail again, and followed it up. I kept looking back at Ryosuke for reassurance, but he kept telling to go on ahead. We came to a wooden stairway leading up to a break in the trees with the blue sky overhead. It looked like some kind of observation deck. I stopped at the bottom of the stairs, but Ryosuke motioned for me to go on up. We couldn't hear any voices, but there was always the chance that someone might be up there.

I slowly climbed the stairs, the sound of my boots hitting the wood ringing out through the quiet. I knew he was videoing me, so I tried to look brave, but the closer I got to the top, the brighter it got. The trees had at least provided some shade, but up top, the sun was shining so brightly. As I got near the top, I bent down to hide in case someone was there. I cautiously peeked over the edge, but it turned out to be empty. I felt so relieved. It was a big platform with a wooden railing running around the edge with trees on either side.

"When you get to the top, just stand there. You look great against the bright blue sky."

I turned back towards Ryosuke. I don't know how he can be so calm. I was terrified. The platform was so high I could kind of see where the road was. If someone came up behind us, they'd be able to see me for sure.

"Hurry up, Ryosuke. It's not safe." I felt hopelessly exposed. My pubic hair was standing up, so I brushed it back down shuddering as my fingers brushed against my most sensitive place. I was so excited. He finally stopped, and I moved away from the stairs as he came up behind me.

I turned around, and looked toward the railing on the other side. I could see another hill across the valley in the distance, and then as I moved closer, the top of a building. At first, I wasn't sure what it was so I walked closer until I could see the whole town spreading out in the valley below!

"Oh my god!"

I just stared down at all these hundreds of buildings and houses. They seemed so close. I felt hot from the embarrassment, as I wondered if all these people could see me. I motioned for Ryosuke to come over, but he just kept on filming.

Can you imagine standing naked in front of a whole town of strangers? It was the weirdest thing I swear. I could feel these waves of fear and pleasure wash over me. I could feel an orgasm coming on. With an act of will, I finally managed to regain control, but it was a pretty close thing, let me tell you.

Ryosuke came up behind me, and smiled when he saw the town.

"Just what we needed: an audience."

I swatted him, but he was laughing.

"Relax, Emi. They can't see you from this distance."

I wasn't so sure. I felt terrified, but also electrified at the thought of all these people looking up at me.

Ryosuke backed up, and videoed me. I realized I better move away before someone really did notice, so I walked over to one corner of the railing where at least a few treetops blocked the view.

"Aww. Where are you going?" Ryosuke protested. I just sort of stood there next to the treetops, shivering and looking nervously over at the rail. "Here. Do some poses, as if you were a model or something."

"Like what?"

"I don't know. Stretch up like you're trying to touch the sky."

I felt silly at first, but I did as he suggested. I backed up to the railing, and leaned against it.

"Here climb up on top."

I looked over the edge. There was a place to stand on the other side of the rail so it wasn't that dangerous. I glanced back over towards the town, but it looked so close. I couldn't really see any people though, just the buildings and houses. I looked back at Ryosuke. I'm sure he knew I was scared, but he nodded for me to go ahead. I finally gave in, and climbed up on to the railing. I put my foot on the middle rung, and lifted myself up. Suddenly I could see the whole town right there in front of me. I couldn't believe I was doing this.

"Wow! You look like a bird or something flying in the sky."

I was too scared to laugh. It did feel kind of good though with the breeze caressing my body. My legs were spread apart, and I could especially feel it down there.

"Here bend over."

"What?"

"Bend forward."

My face got all hot again as I realized he wanted to take some shots of my bottom sticking up in the air. I hesitated for a moment, and then reached down to grab the guard rail to keep from losing my balance. I bent right over, and spread my legs. Oh, this is so embarrassing!

"Damn! I wish I'd brought my condoms."

I blushed even more. I straightened back up, and then put one leg on the other side of the rail. It was kind of hard to balance in my boots, but I was right at the corner, so I managed to turn, and face him. He looked so happy. I carefully turned over on to my front, and got up on all fours on the rail. I felt so naughty. Finally, I got down.

"Can I have my clothes back now? Someone probably saw us."

"I don't think so. We're up pretty high."

"I'm getting cold." This was a lie, but I was worried about getting caught. It'd been fun, more than fun, but I wanted to feel safe again. He came over, put his arms around me, and gave me a gentle kiss.

"You look so amazing. I don't think I've ever seen you look more beautiful."

I looked down, and blushed. Without him, I never would have had the courage to do these things. You might not believe me, but deep down inside, I'm basically pretty shy. Or I used to be anyway.

"Tell you what. On the way back, I'll go on ahead, and keep a lookout for people. On the first sign of anyone, we duck into the bush, and I'll give them back. How's that sound?"

"Scary," I said.

"Don't worry. It'll be fine."

The breeze seemed to blow stronger tickling my naked skin. I reached between my legs, drawing out a strand of my own love juice. I tried to stop from shaking, but it just kept getting worse and worse.

"Are you OK? Maybe I'd better carry you." He squatted down, and motioned for me to get up on his shoulders. Teetering, I wrapped my legs around his neck, but his hair was tickling me in my most sensitive place. I shuddered, and just barely managed to fight off another orgasm.

"No, no. Let me down. I'd better walk on my own." I breathed in deeply to try to calm down. I don't think I've ever been quite this horny before. My whole body was ultra sensitive. Just the slightest touch could send me over the edge. I tried to steady myself. I was beginning to want Ryosuke, want him inside me. We had to get back to the car.

Eventually, the trail looped back towards the meadow where we'd come in. We were getting near the edge of the forest, and I could almost see where the highway was on the other side of the meadow. I covered up my breasts and pussy as best I could, and hunched down a bit peering out trying to see if there were cars going by.

"You'd better give me my clothes."

Ryosuke grimaced. Surely he wasn't expecting me to walk all the way to the car like this. I couldn't see so well from here, but we could kind of hear the sounds of cars whizzing by up ahead.

"OK, you just wait here. I'll go get them from the car."

"What? Wait! No. I mean the ones in your bag," I called out, but he was already gone. I squatted down, and tried to hide behind some bushes. I felt so afraid crouching here alone. The clouds had cleared up, so it was so bright in the meadow. Hurry up, Ryosuke, before someone comes.

Finally, I saw him coming back. He had my cover-up folded over his arm, but he'd left his bag in the car.

"Hey, where are my jeans?"

"This'll be good enough."

"I want my jeans."

"You don't want your cover-up?" he teased, holding it out.

I grabbed it from him, and put it on before he really did make me walk to the car naked.

"And look what else I brought." He showed me some condoms. I looked at him for a moment, and then started to back away.

"Oh no, you don't."

"Oh yes I do."

I ran out into the meadow to try to get away, but it was hard to run fast in the high grass. He caught me, and pulled me down with him. He just looked at me for a while, nuzzling me with his nose, his eyes dancing with joy. I finally gave in, and let him kiss me.

It was hard not to be frightened though. Here I was lying here almost naked, just a few short steps from the busy highway. I lay back, and tried to relax. He lifted my legs up, and spread them so that he could lick me. His tongue did feel good.

He took out a condom, and slid it on. Then, he lifted up my cover-up, and started gently squeezing my breasts playing with my nipples, licking them. It felt good, exciting. Before I knew it, he'd climbed up on top of me, bringing his penis in close between my legs. He set the head just against the door to my gates of heaven, and held it there moving it around a bit, teasing me more. I wanted him to stop teasing, and just push it in. I pulled his arms, and finally it slid in.

It felt so good as he filled me up. I was gasping for breath as he pulled it almost all the way out, and then thrust it back in deeper and deeper each time. He had found just the right angle and rhythm. I was getting pretty close when through the haze, I heard a car on the road. I squeezed his arm, trying to get him to stop, but he was pretty excited. The car stopped, and we could hear the doors open, and slam shut. We couldn't see whoever it was through the tall grass, but from the noise it sounded like they were close.

Ryosuke finally stopped. It was hard to think straight with him deep inside me. I was worried that they'd see Ryosuke's head sticking up above the grass. He lay down flat on top of me, and we both tried to keep quiet. I rotated my hips trying to get him to slide out, but this just made him harder. He began sliding it in and out, teasing me. I gasped very softly, and dug my fingers into his shoulder muscles.

We could hear voices, but with Ryosuke still humping me, I couldn't focus enough to make out what they were saying. I started squeezing, milking his penis to get him to come. He kissed me on the lips to muffle my voice, and soon we were going at it even more furiously than before. I don't think the people could see us, but I wasn't sure.

I could feel my orgasm coming, but I tried to resist. I finally lost control giving in. The pleasure washed over me like a tidal wave, filling me up, making me cry out in joy. It was pretty thrilling to be humping in front of these strangers.

Ryosuke must have finished soon after. He slid it out. I just kind of lay there in a daze. I slowly realized that I was still almost naked, my cover-up around my shoulders, and my legs spread-eagled wide open. I closed my legs, and pulled the cover-up down, but it wasn't long enough. I didn't want to sit up for fear these people would see me, but I could feel the grass on my bare bottom. What am I doing? If they discover us like this, how could we explain? How do I get myself into these situations?

Ryosuke was also pretty slow to focus. His eyes finally cleared, and he took off the condom, and cleaned himself off before pulling up his pants. We had to wait though because it sounded like those people were still there.

Eventually, their voices moved further away. They hadn't come to hike the trail, thank goodness. This was probably the closest call we've had yet.

Ryosuke got up, and motioned for me to come with him. I looked down at my pussy, and then over at the busy highway, with all these cars streaming by. I called out to Ryosuke, but he'd already gone over to the car.

"C'mon, Emi. Run. It'll be OK."

I pulled the cover-up down as far as it would go, and hurried after him. We couldn't see the people, but their jeep was still here. I felt silly running in just my hoodie, but I made it to the car. There were cars driving by just on the other side, making me all panicky, but the door on my side was locked. I think people saw me, but eventually, Ryosuke reached over, opened the lock, and let me in. I felt so relieved. I guess some people saw us, but no one was stopping or anything. Maybe it'll be OK.

My jeans and stuff were all still in the trunk. I asked him to get them, but he wanted to drive around a bit first. I felt pretty embarrassed, but most of the time the car was moving, so I guess no one could really tell I was bottomless. Once we found a restaurant, he went and got my stuff from the trunk, so I could finally get dressed. That was one strange trip.

Emi Tsuruta
