Work took me to San Francisco for a week. The flight out on Sunday took absolutely forever. All I did on the plane was work on my laptop, writing both stories and code. The stories were erotic in nature, and the code was to further my private descent into an exotic world of sexuality. My fantasy life had been filled recently with thoughts of sissies and crossdressing and sucking cocks. I had been working on a game for masturbation, and had a large picture deck of SFW pictures on my computer to test it. I was reasonably pleased with the results.
After that I wrote for a while, but then my heart wasn't in it any longer so I stared out of the window as the plane roared over the United States. About an hour out I opened the computer again and wrote for a while longer, and then the chimes sounded to close down the electronics, and then I went through the hustle of deplaning.
I arrived at my hotel at about four local time -- seven my time. I was tired but kind of keyed up. I got to the hotel and went into my room, and quickly got down to the business of testing my newly written app with my preferred NSFW picture sets. The game went well, and I noted some bugs that irritated me, but in the end I decided against cumming. I moved onto some other fun and games but then began to feel more tired than anything else.
I went down to have what amounted to a late supper at the hotel's restaurant. I was seated near two people who were discussing the hot club that was actually in the building. They were saying something about it being one of the best clubs in the city but in a way that suggested something dark. I asked the bartender about it, and he smiled and agreed that it was a hot place, but not hot on the usual lists. Confused, I asked for clarification.
He refused to give me an answer. I went back to my supper and a single drink, and was pondering whether to go check it out or not when a very tall person slid onto the stood next to me. "Hey," the creature said quietly to the bartender, "a rum and coke?" This person then turned and looked at me. "How are you? Traveling for work I presume, and from the east coast?" she asked.
I chuckled. "Yeah, how did you guess that?"
"This place gets them all of the time." The drinks came and the woman thanked the man in her smoky voice, and tossed a twenty at him. I studied her in profile. Definitely an attractive body, especially that swell of her chest. But big, damned big, probably taller than me. She had a nice face, though, with large, expressive brown eyes and lashes that looked like she'd spent an hour on them.
"What brings you here?" I asked.
"Oh I might head into the club later," she said airily.
"What's so special about it?" I wanted to know.
"Oh you business travelers, always needing to know everything," she parried with a grin. "Why not just relax and go with it?"
"You mean aside from having to be at a remote office at eight in the morning tomorrow?" I snorted not-quite rudely but close.
She touched my arm lightly; it left my arm tingling warmly. "That's what coffee is for, love," she said confidently. "Why don't you come with me? They'll let you in if you're with me," she added.
"They wouldn't let me in otherwise?"
She looked me up and down. "Probably not."
"Oh. Should I go change?"
"Nah," she said, waving her hand in dismissal. "Not that big a thing. Yes, come with me," she insisted. "I'll even buy your drinks. They're expensive as fuck and watered down but whatever, it's all you can get at these clubs anymore anyway." She grabbed my wrist and practically pulled me away. I had signed my check already so I let her drag me to the blackened double glass doors, guarded by a behemoth of a Hispanic man.
"I'm bringing him in with me, love," she said the bouncer.
He grunted his approval and opened the doors. The room was very dimly lit, a bunch of real candles lighting the intimate seating arrangements. I saw that there was a small raised circular stage in the middle, and surrounding it were love seats. There were rather large walls surrounding the seats, and as my escort plopped me into the seat next to her -- in the front row, no less -- I realized that no one could see what would happen in the seat. The seat was thick and cushiony, and it struck me that if I was not careful, I might doze off.
I warned my escort of that. "Nah. The show starts in twenty, anyway, and this place will be packed."
"If everything is a love seat, how come you were single?"
She grinned. "I usually try to find a friendly traveler at the hotel bar. There's usually one there."
"What if I'm married?" I countered.
"What if you are?" she retorted reasonably. "You can go, if you want, but you'll leave here always wondering what you missed."
I frowned. She was more right than she knew. I decided that if this was some kind of sex show, that it was a secret I could hold. My wife and I were not exactly on the best terms these days, and I think the last time we made love was over three months ago. So the flight, the lengthy time of feeling some form of arousal, the masturbation session in the room before I went down and got waylaid by this Amazon all kind of brought me to a decision. "I'll stay."
"Good. I'm Cindy. What's your name?"
"Roger," I said.
"Nice to meet you Roger. Oh, here we are, it's about time!" my Cindy said to a scantily-clad and heavily-busted server. The server nodded and took drink orders -- Cindy didn't bother asking me what I wanted, she just ordered four of her favorite drink. She looked at me. "You'll like it, and they get busy; I can hear people coming in now."
The drinks came and we continued chatting lightly. Cindy was definitely a touchy-feely type. By the time we had been in the place for an hour -- each of us having consumed three drinks and working on the fourth -- her hands were all over my arm and shoulder, and she was not quite pawing at me, but making it clear that she was going to grow more bold as the night wore on. And she had misinformed me about something else, too -- those drinks were NOT poured light. I decided to take my time and slow down a little.
Quite suddenly, the lights went completely out. I felt Cindy grin and sit back in the love seat, reclining against me. "It's about to start, the show!" she said with a degree of happiness. The center stage was suddenly lit, not brightly, but effectively. A man and a woman appeared on the stage, from a hidden trapdoor in the stage floor itself. They stood and took their places, and then music was pumped through the speakers. It wasn't loud, but I noted that it was loud enough that any conversations had between couples in the seats would be quite private. They danced, and with each pass grew progressively closer.
The music tempo picked up, and adding a hard driving undertone. The two on stage now began to hold one another close, and the woman began to rub her hands over the man's broad chest. She slipped her hands under his jacket, and doffed it; it fell into a heap on the stage. She began to manipulate his chest more, and run her hands around his body, including rubbing them on his firm ass. She got behind him, pressing her breasts into his back, wrapping his hands around his body and fiddled with his pants.
"You enjoying yourself?" Cindy asked; she had brought her head up to my ear to ask.
"So far, yes," I said.
"You're not planning on leaving, are you?" she asked next.
"No, I'll stick around."
"Good. Oh god," she said suddenly in a hot tone. The gal on stage had unzipped the man's pants and his erection was visible, and it was a sizable one.
"Damn," I said in some measure of awe.
"That's some cock, huh?" Cindy purred smoothly into my ear. "You turned on by it?"
The woman on stage then wrapped her hands around the base of the man's beast, and began a slow stroke. Her hips moved seductively as she continued her dance, but he was more or less rooted to the spot.
I felt my erection grow in my pants. "I'm getting turned on," I admitted to Cindy, "but not necessarily from staring at that cock. It is a big one, though," I added.
"Yes, yes it is," she said in a voice suggesting that she'd had it before. Her mouth was close enough to my ear that her lips brushed my skin. "It's okay if you get an erection," she assured me.
It did not help that at that moment, the young lady in question brought herself around in front of the well-hung poster-child of masculinity, and gently slurped his big tool into her mouth. She kept the proceedings slow, using nothing but her lips and tongue, but as she bobbed deeper and pulled away, the lights on the stage glistened off of the saliva on the man's tool. Seeing it like that made my cock throb in my pants, and it didn't help that Cindy had suddenly picked up her touchy-feely bits to my leg.
"How's your cock feeling?" Cindy whispered deliciously into my ear. "Look at that little slut suck that cock," she giggled. "Fuck, she's good!"
My response came through ragged breath and some gasps. "Yeah, I can see that!"
"You didn't answer my question."
"I'm as hard as a rock," I told my new friend.
"Oh?" Her hand now rested on my leg, and slowly began to rub up and down. At the knee, she was atop my pants but as she brought her hand closer down, she pushed it down so that it was at my inner thigh. She never quite touched my erection.
On the stage, the young woman was picking up speed, her head bobbing fast on the man's massive, turgid member. His balls were thick, and his hands were on his hips but his head was thrown back in obvious pleasure.
"Unzip your pants, take your cock out for me," Cindy whispered into my ear. I wasted no time, and unzipped them and pulled them through the hole in my boxer shorts.
"I'm going to suck your cock, baby," Cindy promised me. "You just relax."
Yeah. Okay. Then Cindy's mouth devoured my erection, and I groaned out loud. I thought that I heard a few other groans and cries coming from near-by seats, but it was hard to tell for sure, given the grinding music. I opened my eyes to look down at the mass of hair at my lap, and then looked up to see the little gal bobbing even faster.
Just then, the music completely stopped; for maybe ten or fifteen seconds, the only sounds in the hall were that of couples in some form of erotic play. I heard moans and cries, and by the sounds of some rhythmic thumping, some actual sex going on.
I stopped and looked up, and saw the little woman put her hands on the man's shoulders. She wove her hips, and I noticed dimly that Cindy's pressure had become incredibly light even though it felt like my cock was still within her mouth. The man was down on his kneels, pushed back his butt on his heels by the woman, who was now demonstrating a bit of dominance in her own right.
Her hands went to her waist, and she began the process of unbuttoning her shorts. Her hips continued to snake-whip back and forth, and then Cindy rose up from my cock. "You taste good," she said. She knelt on the sofa, and I looked over at her, but she smiled and turned my head to the stage.
"This is the good part," she said. The woman on the stage was still sashaying her hips slowly, and then as the clothing was pulled away, it was revealed that the woman on stage was actually a man. Or, at least she had a very large and quite erect penis. I could not be the only one who sucked in his breath at the remarkable change, and then the man leaned forward and took the woman's erection into his mouth.
"Fuck that's hot!" Cindy moaned. I looked over and saw Cindy watching me intently. Her hands were busy at her waist, where she had lifted her skirt up and revealed that she also had a cock. It was large, and glistening with precum already.
I didn't say a word. I turned quickly on the sofa, and reached over. Cindy's head rolled back as my hand grasped the base of the Amazon's cock. She hissed as I squeezed, and then moaned as I stroked her once, a second time, a third time, and then my mouth opened and it was the most natural thing in the world to take the gorgeous she-male's cock into my mouth. Cindy's hands reached down and held me firmly at her cock; now that I was staked upon it, she wasn't going to let me go, but I had no plans to escape. I rolled my tongue over the velvety skin of the head, and felt Cindy's body respond.
No, I'd never sucked a cock before but had dreamed about it often enough. It was as erotic as I had dreamed, and I had my hand on my erection stroking it lightly as I sucked off Cindy. I turned my head at one point to see the man on his knees still kneeling before his young goddess with a cock, and she looked like she was enjoying herself immensely.
Cindy's pressure on my head increased, and I sensed that she was trapping me. A moment later I learned why, as her body spasmed with her hips jamming forward, thrusting her cock deep into the back of my throat, where it erupted with semen. I fought the gag complex, eagerly allowing her to fill my mouth and belly with her delicious hot cum. I sucked hard, now my hands squeezing the base of her cock, getting every last drop. Finally, Cindy made a cry and pushed away, her cock now flaccid between her legs.
"Do my ass," she said next. "I want you to fill my asshole with your cum!" she practically begged. She pressed a button and a hidden drawer opened, and she took out a sealed bottle of lube. She ripped it open and I used it on my rigid cock, and on her tight little asshole. I positioned myself and thrust just as the gorgeous shemale on the stage was doing the same to her hot man. Our hips were thrusting in unison, but we were each lost to the other, as everyone in the club was lost to everyone else.
I felt my balls swinging, slapping loudly against Cindy's ass, as the tight hole was as tight as erotic as anything I'd ever felt. I felt the lube spread over my lower body and her ass, but I didn't care. Then, just as the shemale on stage lolled her head back and obviously dumped her load into her man's ass, I did the same to my new friend Cindy. The cumblast was hard, thick and deep, and quickly Cindy's asshole became even more lubricated with my semen. But then, exhausted, I pulled out and sat back on the couch. Cindy grinned at me.
"I love cum in my asshole!" she said. "Thank you."
"Thank you for finding me," I said truthfully. The music was softening; I sensed that everyone else was as spent as we were. We zipped up and got our clothing put back together.
"How long are you in town?" Cindy asked.
"I leave Friday morning."
"Maybe I'll see you again some night this week?" she suggested with a smile.
"I'd like that."