Grown-up Fun - a Photographer Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009


I own a photography studio, and while I sometimes hire women for
adult modeling assignments in an upfront manner, I much prefer to
coerce, trick, or blackmail unsuspecting women into modeling for
me. I don't always save bucks on big fees, depending on the scam
I'm running. I frequently do keep fees low or nonexsistant
though, so money is a motivation, but the truth is I get off on
it. It had been awhile since I fucked a tight young thing, so I
dusted off an old tried-and-true scam, and waited for the right
victim.

Mary wanted to be a model very badly. Perfect. She was quite
cute, with long straight brown hair, deep brown eyes hidden
behind turtleshell glasses. Perky teenage breasts about the size
of grapefruit. A little heavy in the hips, and a little thick in
the thighs, she still had a bit of baby fat on her, but it didn't
detract from her appeal.

This particular scam is based on both greed (the basis for most
good scams) and the desire of young women to be perceived as
adults. I pretend the potential model is an adult who has already
had her ID checked, and before she can correct me, I wave a list
of potential jobs with very large modelling fees under her nose.
If she balks at this point, I have a dummy file prepared with the
same name as hers, I must have mixed up the files! Give her a
quick job, quick cash, get her out of my hair and move on to the
next potential victim.

Mary never even blinked when I said "I see from our file you have
just turned 18", and her eyes definitely registered the fees on
the job page I handed her. On the jobs page I had a lingerie
shoot with a modest but substantial fee, a figure shoot requiring
nudity with a very large fee, and another figure shoot requiring
"simulated sexual arousal" for a monster fee. Still no protests
or confessions. Hooked!

I gave her the standard spiel about who owns the picture rights
after a shoot (I do), and what we were paying for, making sure
she knew these were grown-up shoots requiring adult situations.
Then I had her sign a slightly non-standard model release -
unlike my standard form this one includes a prominent clause
about "under penalty of perjury". That is for later
"negotiations". She paused for a few seconds as she looked at
that, then signed the form like a good little girl. I could feel
my dick starting to get hard already!

So which job would she pick? Given those three options most girls
will go for the middle option, lingerie seems a little tame and
doesn't pay like the other two, and "simulated sexual arousal"
sounds a little scary even if it pays off in a big way. Mary was
no exception, and chose the nude modelling gig. I showed her to
the dressing room and studio, gave her an outfit to put on - and
then take off - and readied all the cameras for her debut.

Watching a sexy young girl blush all over from embarassment is
one of the finer pleasures in life. Mary tried to hide her
embarassment as I had her remove the few flimsy things she'd just
put on in the dressing room, but she was close to bright pink.
This was wonderful! It conveyed a real innocence on film, and
most girls seem to get aroused by being embarassed, Mary was no
exception. Her wonderful handful of tits were sporting nipples
that looked like pebbles, the surounding area was puffy and
swollen tightly, with just a dusting of goosebumps. Her tight
little pussy, under just a hint of fuzz, was also quite swollen,
the outer lips quite red with arousal and the inner lips just
peaking a bit of pink in between. She looked both cutely innocent
and turned on as hell at the same time. The result was sexual
magic, I thought I'd split my pants for sure! I had her pose in
ever more sexually revealing ways, constantly touching herself,
stroking that smooth teenage skin with her fingertips. Her heavy
thighs looked marvelous when spread wide apart. Her baby fat gave
her a youthful, fresh look, and once the turtleshell glasses came
off, her eyes smoldered with a sexual intensity that contrasted
wonderfully with the innocent look of youth.

Mary was obviously enjoying herself immensely. When I handed her
a small pink dildo, she didn't hesitate for even a second. She
was in another world by then, and I didn't exist - but the toy
sure did. She wet it first, licking it lightly, then worked it
down her body, brushing both hardened nipples with it first. Then
she circled her cute navel, perched in the slight pooch of her
baby fat. She was quickly done with that, and it got pressed into
service in her now quite puffily swollen pussy. God, what a
sight! She slid it right in without any further delay, and began
a rapid in and out motion, adding a few circles for extra
stimulation. Her little nubby clit was now quite visible,
protruding proudly from between her juicy pink lips. When she
orgasmed, it seemed like every muscle in her body contracted all
at once as she cried out loudly. Her face clenched, but her eyes
were wide open - staring off into space at something only she
could see.

Mary seemed a little subdued when I ended the session shortly
after her earthshaking climax. A little dazed, a little
embarassed, a little shy after going a little further with things
than she had originally intended. After she dressed, I told her
she had been wonderful, and I paid her the fee for figure work
with "simulated sexual arousal" and made sure she signed a
receipt. Little did she know that she would soon have another
session, and it wouldn't be "simulated" at all - not that her
arousal during this session had been. The scene had been so
fucking hot I was almost satisfied with reliving what had
transpired via the photos and video I had shot. Almost. I
couldn't pass up the possibility of getting my dick inside a
nice, tight teen thing like Mary, could I? Nope! I waited a week,
then I just couldn't stand it any longer.

I called Mary to my office, telling her we really had to talk. I
don't know if she thought I had another job for her, but she
showed up promptly at the time I'd told her. I had her come into
my office, and I pulled out two files - hers, and the dummy file
I had prepared earlier when setting up this scam.

"I known you aren't 18, it was another Mary who we had ID from. I
could be in a world of trouble because of your lies, I will have
to call the police immediately, and inform your parents." I told
her sternly. She turned white as a ghost. I laid it on thick, she
started sobbing and begging, and then the negotiations began. I
used the word "perjury" a lot, and kept pointing at the forms she
had signed, and she bought it hook, line, and sinker instead of
realizing that the only person who would really be in legal
trouble would be me. I'll spare you the details, you can guess
the outcome - Mary would be featured in another modelling shoot,
along with yours truly.

Young things are always a special treat, but Mary was even more
so. Her skin was velvetly smooth, my cock almost shot off just
rubbing against her creamy thighs. That blush she had shown when
excited was back in full force, I didn't have to do much in the
way of foreplay to have her gasping with anticipation. Her twat
was tight like a vice, hot and wet with her juices. I had to keep
stopping the action, or I would have pumped her full of semen and
our session would have ended quite quickly. The shots and video I
took aren't very professional, I was too distracted by my
enjoyment of her teenage treasures to really stay focused and do
my best work. Well, I did my best work, but it wasn't shooting
pictures and video - it was fucking a hot teenage girl into
screaming orgasmic bliss. The load of cum I shot across her face
was massive, covering her from chin to forehead, seven or eight
long strands of cream coating her cheeks and lips and chin. She
licked the last drops from the cherry red head of my dick and
looked up at me with a lustful longing still lingering in her
eyes.

"Can I still be a model?" she asked.

Yes. Yes you can.

	&#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
