Ruby likes a little blood in their bed play.

She likes Sam to be rough and was the one to suggest that he blindfold her, with the knives lying on the bedside cabinet.

Sam learned quickly how to get blood without incapacitating her, although he suspects that she wouldn't care. Deep scratches that well prettily and the metallic tang of it on his tongue. It's gone long past blood-play, he knows that, because the Darkness drinks her down like ambrosia and when he does this it is quiet for days at a time.

Ruby's blood feeds its hunger.

Sam's not sure whether it's because she's a demon or if any blood would do, but Ruby has her advantages. She's sitting there on the bed, drinking orange juice and taking iron supplements and he wonders if he hasn't taken a little too much this time.

Her nakedness is crisscrossed with cuts. She seems to enjoy them, rubbing her tongue over the one that bisect her lips. "Hmmm," she says sprawling back on the bed, "a girl could get used to this. I might have to get you some special razor blades."

"Flechettes," Sam corrects automatically. There are knives directly designed for blood play.

"Of course, anything for my Sam." Her breasts are loose on her chest, big enough to fall outwards and her pubic hair is matted with sweat, blood and other fluids.

There is a matrix of shallow cuts on the inside of her arm, never where they can be seen, that's their deal, but anywhere else that can be covered is scored by little marks. Ruby likes the pain and Sam wants the blood.

It's a perfect agreement.

His cock is still sticky, but the Darkness looks at the way she's sprawled out, breasts falling, thighs akimbo because the muscles don't want to close yet and licks his lips. "Cover your eyes," he says.

She does this because she thinks that this is his get out of jail free card, that if he can't see her eyes he's not doing this. The truth is it's so that she can't see the Darkness manifest when he fucks her.

Ruby likes it when he hurts her, so when the Darkness manifests as tentacles with teeth to bite into her, she squirms delightedly. Her cunt is slick and shining in the poor light as she parts her thighs. Her stomach is slightly rounded, the flesh pursed, and her skin forms creases at her knees.

Sam likes this about her.

Jess was perfect, toned, and sculpted.

But this new meat suit spent years on her back and it's rounded, soft, and it bruises pleasantly under his thumbs. It makes it more pleasing to touch her, to clutch her to feel the softness beneath his thumbs.

Dean says that this body looks like that girl from High School Musical, and Sam admits that it adds a certain vicarious thrill to fucking her.

Her jeans are on the floor, tiny little things, because this host is tiny in comparison to him. Her shoes can fit in his hand and he can lift her like she's a doll. He throws her about like she's made of rags and she likes that too.

If it's a kink it's harmless enough.

He crawls up between her thighs with the Darkness exploding from his spine. It curls around her as his palms wrap around her thighs, pulling her down, and pressing the head of his cock against her, feeling it slick as he pushes between her buttocks. But nothing in him responds yet as the Darkness picks at the scratches, as his hands move to her flanks, pushing up, then up over the fall of her breasts.

Her nipples are rough against his palm. He uses the creases of his skin, where the skin is driest, and pushes up so that her breasts pull against his skin and drops, the skin tightened and then released. A few of the cuts open against the pressure and the blood wells up in bright black beads and he lowers his mouth and laps it up.

The sex is fun, but this is what he really desires – the blood that pearls against her skin and tastes sweetly metallic against his tongue. He'll give her what she wants because it means she gives him this.

The sex is okay, but the blood quiets the Darkness and its inexorable hunger and that alone is worth a King's ransom.

************

The door is meant to open to West Kansas, instead it opens to a small town that could be anywhere and is completely drenched in fog. The sign to his side says "Blue Creek Apartments" but the vacancy light is busted and it flashes up the words "NO" and "ANY."

Sam's not sure what he did this time but he's back in the town of his nightmare from Concrete, the town with the wishing well.

The Darkness is playing with him and this place is its game.

Sam doesn't know the rules, but he'll play anyway.

He doesn't really have a choice.

He tries to listen, but the fog muffles sound and light. The darkness is coiled around him like a mass of black serpents.

Not sure what else to do, he walks.

He remembers from the last time - Jess is here, waiting, at their special place. He doesn't know where it is. He never came here before the Darkness brought him. He just knows that if he finds her she'll give him what he wants. The Darkness knows what that is, even if he doesn't.

Under his breath, he starts to sing "Oranges and Lemons" but he can't remember all of the words, just the last few lines. "Here comes the candle to light you to bed, and here comes the axe to chop of your head, chip chop chip chop and the last man is dead."

The door behind him is locked, although it was open when he first stepped through it, and there is a small blue gate that is banging in a nonexistent wind. It's obviously the right way to go.

The sidewalk feels weird under Sam's feet, it's spongy and his knees object to it. It's like walking on a bog so he steps out onto the road, but it's the same. When he turns to walk the other way, the tarmac solidifies and it's easy to walk once again.

Whatever it is that is playing with him, it has defined rules.

He raises his head and walks to the east. There is a dumpster in the middle of the intersection so Sam follows the path laid out for him and walks north. At the end of that road is a boardwalk leading out towards some kind of lake. Turning east, he starts to walk again.

There are signs on the shops, because this is clearly a main thoroughfare, but he can't read them and he's not sure why.

Sam follows the path along the lake, he can hear and smell the water but with the fog it might as well be a world away. He walks for what feels like hours when he steps into a tunnel.

The Darkness is wonderfully familiar as it rushes up to envelope him. It is like slipping into his own bed, with his own smell and pre-warmed by his own heft, after leaving it on a cold winter's morning for a short piss.

It is warm and soft and comfortable, and it wraps around him like tendrils of fog.

The figure lumbers out of the fog with a shriek. It looks like a teenager in a hooded sweatshirt, if they had tucked their arms into the body of the fabric; instead they are physically grafted into their stomach. The face of it has slipped and lies in folds around its neck but it still manages to scream. And as if it wore a hood there is no hair or ears to the deformed head.

The Darkness purrs, and the sound of it vibrates against his skin, up around his head and over his eyes but he can still see the thing. Every bone in his body is screaming of its wrongness. He lifts his arm and unleashes the Darkness in one cool smooth motion. "Eat."

It manifests as Jess, as the darklings, as tentacles, and a new manifestation, a porcelain doll with jet black eyes and ringlets clothed in a soft blue satin dress, that he knows, the way he always knows with the Darkness, is called Daisy Ray.

The darklings tear the monster into meat in a matter seconds, using their teeth, their hands and their feet, claw and muscle just shredding the thing to pieces. What ichors seep from the creature is splattered over Sam and it's absorbed by the Darkness as it feeds.

Jess is kneeling on the pavement in the tunnel, her dress seething over her, baring parts of her honey colored skin, but her face is in the thing's stomach, biting into the meat, and it's over her mouth and down her neck.

Sam wants to be disgusted but he's not.

Daisy Ray steps over in her delicate little patent leather shoes and holds out her jointed fingers. In them are the creature's eyes, ripped out with their tendons and nerves still attached. "For you, boss," she says quietly, "unless you want his balls instead."

"It's fine," Sam tells her though he wants to retch, watching the darklings with their piranha sharp mouths, Jess using her hands, hands that caressed and loved him, bring the meat to her mouth and bite into it, like it was pizza slice.

Sam just stands there as they feed, after all, it doesn't take very long and it's the first time in a long time since the Darkness hasn't been so very hungry. Its hunger was devouring him and if eating this creature eases that need he will feed it a hundred such monsters. It's not like it's human.

When they are done, they stand up and Daisy Ray wipes her porcelain lips and a painted little tongue darts out to catch the blood at the corner of her mouth. The others are gone. Then wiping her hands down on her skirt she lifts her arms out to be carried.

Sam adjusts her bonnet and then checks for blood spatter before he lifts her. She has surprising heft in his arms. "Never alone," she croons in his ear, like a sleepy child, fed to the point of bloating, "Never alone with our Sammy." She gives him visions then, of other hosts and how she appeared before them and they smashed her china head in with a poker.

Sam doesn't know why he doesn't, except he knows it won't matter.

Death doesn't seem to mean much to the creature within him.

As he leaves the tunnel, as Daisy Ray turns to dust in his arms at the thin sunlight through the fog, he sees the sign. Its been defaced with red paint so that it reads "Welcome to," the original word is missing, "Hell", the e 'Ls' painted on over the letter that was there.

A man is sitting on a bench. "We've been expecting you."

He just shrugs and continues up the road, where he is sure he hears a woman weeping, but then it's gone, and he goes up the hill through the fog to a car park promontory, but he can't see what it overlooks because of the fog.

There is a small building and thinking that this must be his destination Sam heads towards it.

"I wouldn't go in there if I were you," the man says. He's dressed thickly against the cool, damp, mist. He's a tall man with thin sharp features and a rather neutral accent. He could be from anywhere. "Reality is thinnest where there's water. In a place like this you take it into consideration." He stops, "and besides, they're really quite foul."

"I," Sam starts.

"Public toilets," the man continues, reaching into his pocket and pulling out, of all things, a Twinkie, which he unwraps and takes a small bite out of. He chews thoughtfully before he continues. "I always find these places have public toilets, places for water to pool and the dark to leech through, and," he looks around at the cliff wall behind him, at the fence, "I think it's leeching through fine on it's own without the water, wouldn't you say, Sam-I-am?"

Sam jumps because he doesn't know this man and there's no way he should know his name, let alone enough to tease him for it.

"Don't worry, Sam-I-am, I'm not going to eat you." The man stands up, long black wool coat falling to his ankles, suggesting it's custom made because the man is easily as tall as Sam. "I'm only here to appreciate the view."

Sam looks out over the fence but he can only see fog and he says as much.

"Sam, Sam, Sam, you should know as well as most of us - you see what you want to see. Look again."

When Sam turns he can see a crystal grey lake with boats bobbing, the fog is gone. The lake is surrounded by a forest and he can see the outline of old houses through the trees.

Having finished his Twinkie the man puts the wrapper in his pocket. "Why are you here?" Sam presses, "Who are you? What do you want? What is going on with this place, what about the monsters?"

"I told you, kid," the man says, "I'm here for the view . . . and monsters," he laughs, "you see monsters? Better say that to your brother, he might be able to burn away all the impurities if you ask him nicely enough."

"You know Dean?" Sam presses, he's out of his depth and he knows it.

"I know Dean," the man replies, "we met in Chicago, he had some questions, he was more polite about it than you though." He turns away. "But I must be leaving, there is no rest for the wicked after all."

"Who are you?" Sam presses.

The man smiles slowly when he turns his head back. "Call me Reigert." And then he takes two steps towards Sam, "You won't thank me for this," he says and pushes him hard, down over the railing.

Sam wakes up back in the motel room he was sharing with Dean like it was all a bad dream, including everything with Ruby. Dean is talking low and quiet on the phone to someone he is fondly calling "Kiddo," and doesn't notice that Sam's awake.

"Now you go on to bed," Dean says softly, "or you'll be cranky in the morning, and you're not going to solve the mysteries of the universe with a sore head." There is a quiet pause while the other speaks. "I know, Kiddo . . . what was it Wayne told me, we're all heroes in our own movies, but it's up to us to find our own plot. It just means yours is more the Da Vinci Code than most." there is another pause and Dean laughs, soft and fond. "Night night, Kiddo. God bless," and then hangs up, and for a long moment he hangs his head in his hands before he goes to the bathroom.

Sam looks at where Dean was sitting and wonders just how much he knows about his brother now.

But if Dean can keep secrets, so can Sam.