Showing Myself
by IndianaWoman

Showing Myself Ch. 13

We make my movie, and I become even closer to Monika.

Ok, in this chapter I am in the past again, and I think I was becoming a little more outspoken and brave. I was very devoted to Rolf and my dear friends Monika and Martin, and also trusted my other friends at the theaters, Renate and Andrea. But rather than being shy, I was trying to become their equals, even though they were so much more experienced than me. And, the thrill of being looked at was something I couldn't get enough of. It doesn't always have to be fully sexual like I did in the theaters. Even today, sometimes I'll wear a loose fitting blouse with a bra that barely comes up past my nipples, and if I'm in a place like a park or on a patio, and some poor unsuspecting guy is sitting there, I'll find a reason to lean over in front of him, like dropping my lipstick or adjusting my shoe. Even something as mild as that is enough to give myself pleasure when I get home. So, here we go!

Finally, the day arrived when I would be making my movie at Monika's house. And then, I'd still have several more days to wait until it was developed. People today are used to instant gratification, but back then these things took time!

I had been thinking of what I should wear for days, and decided that I would look like a young professional woman coming home after work. I was wearing thigh high stockings and a matching sexy bra and panties set, with a tight blouse and a nice skirt. I had practiced my routine several times, and it fit perfectly in the allotted time. Being a porn star is a lot of work!

I finally arrived at their house and walked in, and of course I was greeted with a hug from Monika.

"So you are ready to make your movie?"

"Yes! And Monika, do you think I'm crazy?? I wonder why I want to do it so much, and then I'll think it's silly, and then I imagine people looking at me on the screen and it makes me so wet!"

"No, not crazy. I want to see you on the screen too. Maybe we can make a move together sometime?"

"Oh Monika, that is very tempting. But people wouldn't even notice me!"

"Now you really are silly. You don't know how beautiful you are!"

"Whatever Monika, but maybe we really can make a movie together. I'm sure Martin would like that."

Just then, Martin walked into the living room with a bottle of wine and we sat down and chatted.

"So, can you explain what you would like the movie to be?"

I explained that I would look like a young professional that came home from work, and I would first kick off my shoes and sit on the bed. I'd pick up my picture of Rolf and look at it, and then start massaging my breasts. Then I would stand up and remove my blouse and skirt, and lay back on the bed in my stockings, panties and bra. I'd hold the picture in one hand and pull my panties to the side and start rubbing myself. After a couple minutes of that, I would take off my bra and panties and lean the picture against the lamp and look at it while my hands roam all over my body and pussy. Towards the end, I reach into the nightstand and take out my vibrator and make myself cum. I've done this several times, and the timing is perfect. Does that sound ok?"

Monika spoke first, and said, "Yes, but you should look at a picture of me instead."

I laughed and said, "Ok Monika, I'll do that. That's what I do at home sometimes anyway", and I winked at her.

Martin spoke next and asked, "So, you think you have practiced enough? We don't need a rehearsal? We just do it?"

"Yes, I've practiced enough. Let's do it."

"Ok, I'll ask you to stand by the bed and then lay on the bed so I can check the lighting, and then we'll start."

We went to their bedroom, and he really did have a very nice setup. The camera was on a tripod, and he had a couple of lights set up that he adjusted to his liking. Soon we were ready, and he also explained that there is no sound with this movie, so he will give me suggestions if he needs to, like if my hair is in my face or something like that, but that I shouldn't react to his voice. Next he said, "Start!" and the film started rolling.

I went through the steps as I described, and soon I was on my back with my legs open and my panties pulled to the side. At this point he gave me a suggestion and said my hand was covering my pussy and I should just use the tips of my fingers on my clitoris so everyone could see how wet I was. After that, I made sure to keep my hand out of the way.

The minutes ticked by and I was completely naked by now, and soon I reached into the drawer and took out the vibrator. I teased my nipples with one hand and rested the vibrator on my pussy. Martin said "One minute left!", and since I definitely didn't want to fake an orgasm on my first movie, I drew it up and down through the folds of my pussy and over my clitoris until I started convulsing. I stretched my body out with my knees spread and a smile on my face, and Martin used a little filter thing to make it look like the movie faded away.

"Jennifer, that was perfect! I am very impressed! And you were right, the timing was also perfect!"

"Thank you! I really did work on it! Monika, did you like it? I think it really helped looking at your picture!"

She put her arms around me and said she would be watching the movie every day, and that they would make a movie of her for me if I wanted one. (A quick note: Yes, I still have both movies and that will be part of what the next chapter is about, ok?)

Martin put the film back in the container, and said it will be ready in about a week. I asked if the people developing the films look at them.

"They say they don't, but I am sure the do sometimes. But they would not copy them or something like that. They would soon go out of business."

Wow, the thought that some stranger would be looking at images of me masturbating on a bed got me excited again! Monika removed her clothes and brought each of us a glass of wine and climbed onto the bed with me.

"Jennifer, that was so exciting to watch you. Martin is also very excited."

I looked at Martin and his cock was very hard in anticipation of their lovemaking and of me watching. What a very unusual relationship!

He climbed into bed with us, and we chatted and sipped our wine while Monika held his cock in her hand. I even placed my hand on her thigh, and she smiled in appreciation. So sweet!

But, the excitement got too much, and Martin then moved above Monika and let his cock slip inside her. She was so wet and ready for him, and she just groaned. I moved my hand over her stomach, which made her squirm, and I watched Martin's cock slide deep inside her. I love how lovemaking varies so much depending on the mood and excitement, and this time they got right into it, all because they watched me!

My hand was back between my legs of course, and Monika had by now moved above over me while Martin took her from behind. I wasn't holding back either, and my fingers were drenched from seeing Monika's breasts hanging down above my face, and the intense look of desire in her eyes. Then, I had another idea from something I saw in a movie.

I whispered, "Monika, can we try something?"

She looked at me quizzingly and nodded.

"I saw this in a movie once. I want Martin to cum in you, and then I want you to move above me so I can watch his cum drip out and fall onto my face and lips. Is that terrible of me? I just feel so close to both of you right now."

She smiled and said, "Not terrible", and she must have told Martin what I said.

Martin responded by increasing his thrusts inside her, and Monika's breathing responded in kind. Soon, Martin was obviously cumming hard and he held his cock deep inside her.

After he stopped cumming, he let his cock slide out, and Monika moved above me. I thought his cum would just drip, but I was immediately greeted with a stream that coated my lips and chin.

Monika moved her fingers to her clitoris and started rubbing, and I saw the cum continue to seep out. So, this is what I will look like when Rolf cums in me, I thought? Her pussy lips were swollen from excitement, and it wasn't long before she was enjoying her own orgasm. She ran her fingers through her pussy one more time and placed them on my lips so I could savor the taste of them both. I had never been so aggressive in what I wanted before, and I think it was from the excitement of making the movie. It was like I was a porn star for the night!

We all cuddled up in the bed and talked and caressed each other, and then I thought of something that I just had to ask.

"Why do you like me?"

"What do you mean? Why do you ask that?"

"I mean, there are so many other sexy women and couples you could play with. I am nothing compared to them. Why do you like me?"

Martin responded, "Jennifer, it is complicated. We both think you are very attractive, even if you don't think so yourself. You become more lovely every day. And, you are so polite and very nice to Monika, and she likes it that you even brought us to meet your family. Yes, we have a sexual relationship, but you are also a good friend. And, you are much more mature than your twenty years. And, we like it that you aren't afraid to say what you want, like you did tonight."

I must have blushed, because then he said, "Jennifer, it is ok. That was very exciting. If Rolf joins our bed someday, perhaps you can return the favor to Monika, ok?"

I couldn't imagine my life without them. I'd just be another boring schoolgirl, masturbating her life away. But with them, I learned about fashion, food, wine, and how you can be classy and sexy at the same time!

We drifted off to sleep, and later the next morning Martin snuck out of bed early because he had to go to work, leaving us behind. We woke at about the same time and talked.

"Next week Rolf and I are going to have sex for the first time. I wish it could be more spontaneous, but it's better than risking getting pregnant."

"You will both have a lot of fun, I am sure. You really like him, don't you."

"Oh yes! And he loves me too! He tolerates my craziness, and he doesn't mind that I spend nights here, although I don't tell him everything that we do. And that's why I wanted to surprise him with the movie. He always says all the men are so jealous of him, and then he will be able to see me on the movie screen and know that I am all his. But Monika, I wanted to surprise him with one more thing. We are going to meet later, and I wanted you to do something."

"I will try, what do you wish?"

"Well, it's embarrassing, but when Rolf and I were in the theater last time and watching the movie, there was a scene where the woman was completely shaved, you know, down there. I was holding Rolf of course, and I swear he became even harder when he saw her. Could you do that to me? Maybe he'd like it."

"Yes, I can help you, but you must know that it will be terrible itchy after a few days, and you might always have to shave it every day. Are you sure?"

"Oh, it will be ok, I don't have much hair anyway, and it is so fine. It won't itch."

"Ok, if you think so. I will help you."

We went to the master bath, and she said she would shave me first, and then we would shower. I sat in a chair and she brought over a bowl of warm water, oil, scissors, and shaving cream and the razor.

"I will first cut as much as possible with the scissors, then then rub it with oil to make it moist, and then will shave you, ok?"

God, I got wet just from her explaining it. She had such power over me! I leaned back and opened my legs, and she went to work.

I knew she was enjoying it just as much as I was, and she took her time. She massaged the whole region with oil after finishing with the scissors, and then applied very warm shaving cream. She carefully shaved me, and when she was done I looked just like the girl in the movie.

"See, I was very careful. It is very difficult to do yourself, especially the first time, so I should always do it for you."

I'm sure she wouldn't mind that at all! But I was just doing it this once, just for fun. We hopped in the shower, and probably spent a half hour there enjoying the hot water cascading down our bodies while we washed each other. I felt so pampered!

I was meeting Rolf around noon, and was planning a couple of surprises. You remember when I mentioned playing at the peepshow in earlier stories? First we would go there so he could be one of the customers watching me. Then we would go to Renate's theater and we would act out like he just met me for the first time. More people knew us at Andrea's theater, so it wouldn't work there.

I met him and explained what our afternoon would be like, and then we would go out for drinks and music afterwards, and he thought it was a great idea. He still didn't know I was shaven.

We walked to the peepshow, and I told him we would go in separately, and he could pretend he doesn't know me. I also told him my stage name was Goldie, which I thought was really stupid, but they gave it to me because of my blonde hair, so he should wait until they announce me. I walked up to the man running it, and he knew me quite well by now, and I told him I wanted to play for a session. He always liked that, because he could announce there were two girls at once, which made more guys drop coins. And, the other girl liked it too because I didn't want any money and just did it for fun.

I went to the back and stripped off my clothes, and one of the girls gave me a pair of high heels. They noticed I was shaven (remember, that wasn't popular at all back then), and they said the men would love it. I didn't care about that, and just wanted Rolf to like it.

In a few minutes, I heard him announce the next girl, and heard my name along with hers. What I didn't know, since he was talking in German, was that he also announced that I was a "Sweet blonde, freshly shaved just for them!"

We went in, and all of the curtains dropped down immediately. I thought to myself, "It really must be busy today", not knowing it was because they announced that I had a shaved pussy. Men, I swear! I looked around for Rolf and strode up to his window and mouthed the words, "You like it?"

He nodded his head and I could see him pull out his cock, which was already hard. The other girl and I sat down next to each other with our legs open, and gave the men a show as we rotated around. All of the men's eyes were glued to me, and I wanted to touch myself so bad! But that wasn't allowed there, so we just rubbed our hands over our bodies and teased the guys. After rotating a couple of times, we went to the next phase of the routine where we stood and moved to each window one by one. Each guy just stared at me in awe, and I could see that they were stroking their cocks hard. I made it over to Rolf, and he was stroking very slowly, and I knew we was holding back for me.

Finally our time was up, and we exited the stage for the next girl. I thanked everyone for letting me join them, and also said thank you to the guy who ran the place, and left.

Rolf was waiting for me up the street and I ran up to him and asked, "Were you surprised? I did it for you!"

"Yes, I didn't expect that. You looked very sexy."

"Thank you! What about the other girl that was on stage with me? Did you like her? I saw her stand in front of your window."

"She is not so sexy as you. No one is."

Good answer! I grabbed his hand and dragged him up the street, whispering, "You know, you got to stand there with your cock in your hand, but I couldn't even touch myself! We have to go to the theater right now!"

On the way I explained that I would go in first, and he should come in about ten minutes later. When he came in, he should pretend he didn't know me, and just go along with what I was doing.

I walked in and said hi to Renate, and she was glad to see me as always. I rushed upstairs and went straight to the ladies room and stored away my jeans and blouse, and went back outside in just my bra and panties (read the first three stories to understand what my motivation was).

I walked down to the front row and took a seat. I casually rubbed myself through my panties, and could feel my smoothness.

Slowly the men in the theater moved to the front and looked at me. I smiled and told them they could come a little closer and watch, but no touching. There are always a couple of guys who speak English, and they translated for me.

Now there were six guys standing in a half circle in front of me either with their cocks out or rubbing themselves through their pants, and I was just rubbing my body and slowing pulling my bra cups down to expose my nipples. Finally the door opened again, and Rolf stepped in. He stood with the others and I smiled.

"Well, you are quite handsome. Do you speak English?"

"Yes, a little."

"I didn't expect to see someone like you here. Come a little closer."

He stepped forward, and I said, "Would you like me to take off my bra?"

"Yes, that would be nice."

God Rolf, don't be such a robot, I thought to myself.

"Ok, I'll take off my bra, but only if you pull out your cock and show me that I excite you."

Rolf smiled and pulled out his cock and slowly started stroking.

I looked around and said, "I can't imagine how a boring girl like me can get so much attention, but I agreed to take off my bra, so here we go."

I reached around and unsnapped it, and it dropped to my lap. The pace of the stroking picked up speed on some of the guys, and I knew they liked what they saw even if I wasn't Monika.

I looked at Rolf again, and told him I'm getting really excited watching him, and I showed him how wet my panties were getting.

"Would you like me to take my panties off?"

Rolf nodded, and continued stroking.

"Ok, but come a little closer so you get a good look."

He stepped forward, and I lifted myself up and pushed my panties down my legs and let them hang from one of my toes. I stretched my leg out and said to Rolf, "Here, I want you to wrap them around your cock while you masturbate. Do you mind?"

He took them, and now I was completely naked while watching my wonderful boyfriend standing there stroking his cock with my panties. The other men had moved a little closer, but were still obeying the limits.

I opened my legs and everyone was staring at my shaved pussy, which accentuated my swollen lips. I slid my fingers along myself, and I was absolutely drenched!

"God, you are making me so wet! Come even closer, stand right in front of me!"

Rolf stepped forward, and his hand was rapidly moving back and forth.

"Do you like that I'm shaved? I never did that before, so I had a girlfriend help me this morning. She's the only person to ever touch me there and said she'd help me anytime. After that we took a shower together, not that I needed a shower to get wet. You can probably guess that we got pretty excited and spent quite a while in there together." Rolf knew Monika and Martin, so he didn't mind at all.

"Yes, I like it, it shows how excited you are."

Well, at least it was more than two words, but I saw I had to really take the lead.

"Why do you find me attractive? I'm not like the girls in the movies, with fancy clothes and hairstyles and huge boobs."

"Uh, your skin looks so soft and smooth, your eyes and the way you smile are beautiful. Your body is very sexy and your boobs are very nice. You are perfect."

The men nodded among themselves and all agreed with Rolf, and somehow that made me so hot that they were looking at me with such detail.

"Well, thank you, that was very nice. Ok, I don't know your name, so I'll call you Thomas. So, Thomas, I've never done this before, and usually I just sit here by myself and watch the movie and masturbate because I don't have a boyfriend, but since you seem so nice and are so handsome, it would be ok if you cum on me when you're ready. I never touched cum before. Maybe I'll like it? I'll rub myself at the same time?"

Rolf nodded and stood so that his cock was right above me. I wanted to lean forward so much and just take his cock in my mouth, but that would ruin the roleplay, so I just leaned back and we continued pleasuring ourselves.

I knew he was getting close, so I said, "I really want you to cum on me down there where I shaved. I've seen it in the movies and I really want to feel it."

As though we were working from a script, he shot a stream of cum that landed directly on my pussy. I came at the same time, and I used one hand to rub the cum on myself while the other rubbed my clit vigorously.

This was too much for most of the men, and I saw that several of them were either cumming, or had just cum and it was dripping from their cocks. This was one of my best visits ever, and I was so happy that Rolf was such a good sport about it!

I reached forward and took my panties back, and said, "Well, Thomas, that was quite a show! I'll tell my girlfriends all about you! Oh, I'll need those, and it's going to feel amazing wearing them and knowing they were wrapped around your cock, and I'll probably have to masturbate again when I get home. And I promise, if I ever buy a sex toy, I will name it Thomas."

Jeez, I sounded so terribly dorky trying to come up with some impromptu porn dialog! It was much harder than just speaking from the heart, but I needed it to continue to sound like I didn't know him to fulfil the fantasy.

I stood and held my bra and panties and fidgeted with them, taking my time as I felt the men stare at me, just as I had done years later with Kari in the dressing room. Finally I walked to the back of the theater to get the rest of my clothes. Rolf left immediately, and I dressed and went outside to find him.

"Rolf, wasn't that fun!? We have to do that again. Next time, we change places and you're the one who goes in first and then I'll come in. I bet I can surprise you!"

Oh, we always had such fun! After that we went to a music club and relaxed for the evening, and then I went home and replayed the who thing through my mind again as I laid in bed.

Three days later I met Rolf downtown around noon, and just as everyone told me would happen, I was itching terribly.

"God Rolf, I can't stand it! I'm squirming all the time and people will think I'm a pervert if I keep scratching down there!"

"Your hands are always rubbing there, so no one will think it is unusual."

"Very funny Rolf! I did this to surprise you, you know. Come on, we need to go in the store so I can get some oil or something, otherwise I won't be able to get through the day."

We dashed in the department store and we picked up a bottle of baby oil.

The woman at the checkout was older, and I asked if she spoke English, and she shook her head.

"Oh, ok, I shaved my pussy and it's itching terribly, and I needed this oil. I hope it helps!", and then turned around and stuck out my tongue to Rolf.

We left with the oil, and I told Rolf we would go to Andrea's theater, because I couldn't very well massage my pussy at a café.

We went inside and Rolf talked to Andrea in German, and she looked at me and smiled.

"Give me the oil, and I make it warm for you. Go inside and I bring it to you."

Despite the fact that I love it when strangers stare at me, I'm always apprehensive around my own friends! I knew Andrea still had a crush on me, and I really liked her too and owed her so much, and now she was imagining Rolf rubbing oil on me.

Rolf and I went inside and I quickly stripped off my clothes and threw them in the corner. There were several men in the theater, but I didn't care about them.

"Feel me down there, see how prickly I am??"

Rolf placed his hand between my legs and cupped my pussy so gently. God, I adored him so much! I immediately became wet, and I whispered to him that he was getting me excited.

He got on his knees in front of me and I slid forward in my seat, and he teased my pussy with his tongue. I loved that, and my hands gripped the arms of the seat to keep myself from shivering.

"Rolf, take your clothes off. I want to see you."

Rolf stripped naked and I looked at his cock.

"Next week we'll have real sex for the first time. I can't wait to feel you inside of me. I really hope you enjoy it too."

"I will. You are the most amazing girl in the world."

Rolf was quiet and polite, but he was also so romantic and gentle. Maybe we seem slutty in these stories, but he never was rough or rude or mean or anything like that, and I was very nice to him too.

Just then the door opened and Andrea came in with the oil and a big towel.

"We have some couples that like oil too, and I keep some towels for them. Here, lay down and relax yourself."

As usual, we were sitting in the middle where there is a wide aisle, and she spread out the towel and handed the oil to Rolf. She stood there as I laid down and opened my legs so Rolf could apply the oil. She stared at my nearly smooth pussy, and didn't even try to be discrete.

Finally she spoke, and said, "I will gently spread some oil on your body while Rolf does that. I will hear if someone comes in."

I didn't protest, and she knelt beside me and Rolf handed her the oil. Before she put some in her hand, she stood again and pulled off her sweater and slid off her jeans.

"I don't want to get oil on my clothing. Is this ok?"

She was so sexy! Just like when I'm with Monika, she made me feel silly around her! And what must Rolf think? He probably can't wait to get a real woman like them! Her bra barely covered her breasts, and she had sexy black panties to match. (By the way, read one of my first stories to understand my relationship with Andrea.)

"Yes, it's ok, we are friends now."

Jeez, that's all I could think of to say? I'm as bad as Rolf! She smiled at me and knelt back down and dribbled some oil on my stomach.

Rolf was gently rubbing the oil around my pussy where it itched, and it felt so much better! Andrea's hand massaged my stomach and my side, and then she spoke.

"I must do your breasts too, but I will stop if you wish."

I knew Monika would think it's ok, so I just said, "It's ok, I like massages", as though I had ever had a massage before.

Her hands roamed my body and over my neck and face, and it was very sensual, but not overtly sexual. By now, several men had moved to seats that offered a better view, and I could see they had taken their cocks out.

"Rolf, do my legs and thighs too. I want to feel your hands all over me."

This must have looked exciting to the men- a girl getting massaged by her naked boyfriend and joined by a gorgeous woman in a bra and panties while they all watched. Soon Rolf and Andrea were kneeling on each side of me and I could feel their four hands sliding over me from head to toe. My pussy was drenched, partly from the oil but mostly from me. Andrea was enjoying it too, and I gasped when I saw one of her hands cupping her pussy while the other slid along the inside of my thigh right up to the edge of my pussy before stopping. She respected the limits, and knew I wanted Rolf to pleasure me.

Soon I was on the edge, and I told Rolf to finish me off. He placed his hand on my clit and rubbed it in a circular motion exactly how I liked it, and soon I was convulsing on the floor in front of everyone.

Andrea was smiling at me, and I told her I wouldn't mind at all if she continued pleasuring herself while I pleasured Rolf, and that he wouldn't mind watching her either.

Without a word, she stood and slid her hand back inside her panties and smiled at me. Rolf stood in front of me as I knelt in front of him, and I grabbed the oil and dribbled it over his cock. We had never done that before, and he said it felt much different when my hand slid over his cock instead of just jerking on it.

I dribbled more oil on it, and stroked faster. I had intended to suck his cock too, but I could tell Rolf was really enjoying this, especially with Andrea right there watching is and playing with herself.

"Make sure Andrea cums first before you cum, ok? She has been so nice today."

He nodded, and I kept stroking and applying more oil until it was dripping from his cock. I looked up at Andrea and she pushed her panties down a little bit so I could see her fingers move through her wetness just like I had seen her do during my first visit here.

"Please cum for me Andrea, I want to see it. You are so sexy."

Her hand picked up speed, and soon she became still and her body shivered. I placed my hand on her thigh and said, "Thank you, you look so beautiful."

I turned my attention back to Rolf, and I told him to cum for me. I stroked his cock quickly, with my face just inches from the tip. There was something about the oil that was so erotic, and when he whispered that he was ready, I closed my mouth and let him start cumming. In moments, I had cum all over my face, and I looked up at him and smiled as I slowly pushed it into my mouth as I squeezed the last drops from his cock onto my tongue. That was becoming one of my favorite things to do, and I still love doing it to this day. The guys like it too!

Andrea pulled her panties back up, and then we heard the bell ring that told her a new patron walked in, so she kissed me and grabbed her pants and sweater and rushed out into the lobby in just her underwear. I hope the next customer enjoyed the view!

I looked around and there were still about eight guys watching us, and I asked Rolf if he could cum again. He was practically a cum machine anyway since he was so young, so of course he said yes. I told him I wanted to lay on the towel and masturbate while he stood over me and did the same, and I turned to the men and said they could come closer and watch if they want.

(Ok, now I have a question for the men here. If your wife told you she wanted to lay on the floor and masturbate while you stood over her and stroked your cock, would you do it? Or would you feel less masculine? I love it, because in a way I am vulnerable, but in a way I am in control because he has to do all the work himself, and just looking at me is exciting. And then I get rewarded when his cum rains down on me! So fun! Am I the only one to do that?)

Anyway, in the middle of the theater, if someone walked in they would see Rolf standing over me while several men stood nearby with their cocks out. I loved that their eyes were on my glistening body, and I'm sure they were jealous of Rolf. My legs were spread open and my fingers were matching his strokes, and I told him to just let go anytime. Soon his hand started moving faster and then he went still, and his cock erupted once more and his cum splattered over my body. My fingers did their work, and I soon followed closely behind him.

He dropped down beside me and I cuddled up close to him. I loved it that we didn't think that cum was icky or anything like that, and he just pressed his body against mine. After a few minutes, we got dressed and headed to a little café for coffee and cake.

"Wow Rolf, that was amazing. I'm still a little itchy, but the oil really helped. I don't think I'll be shaving anytime soon again!"

"That's ok, you are beautiful both ways, and I still have the memory."

He was always so nice! So then we discussed the upcoming weekend when we could finally have sex.

"So, how do we do this? You can't just come to my house and walk into my bedroom and hop in bed, so it will have to be at one of the theaters. Maybe the small one at Andrea's? That one has kind of a little sofa in the front, and maybe we can use that?"

I knew my movie would be ready by then, and I wanted to use that theater because Andrea always used short clips, and I could surprise Rolf. Just the thought of him being inside me while I'm being shown on the movie screen drove me crazy.

"That is ok with me. No matter what, I want to be with you."

"Tell me what you want to do. Do you want to cum inside me, or do you want to pull it out and cum on me? Do you want to be on top of me? I'll do anything to excite you and make you happy."

"Let's just see what happens. Maybe you discover you want something right at that moment."

"Ok, I'm just a planner I guess, but we'll just be our crazy selves. I love you so much Rolf!"

We each headed our separate ways, and on the way home I stopped at a phone booth and called Monika and Martin.

"Martin, is the movie ready??"

"Yes, how do you wish to proceed?"

"Can you take it down to Andrea's theater and tell her to add it to her small theater movies on Saturday? I'm going there with Rolf then. Maybe you would like to be there too?"

I had never done anything sexual with Rolf in the presence of Monika and Martin, but maybe this would be a good time. I always loved the way that Monika looked at me when I was excited and masturbating, so she would like me this way too.

"If you don't mind that we are there, yes, I think Monika would like that. That is where we met, after all."

"Ok, call me and tell me if it works. I can't wait!"

I think I masturbated three times a day just thinking about Saturday coming up, and finally the day arrived. Rolf had met them before, and I told him they would be at the theater a little later, and that afterwards we would all go out for drinks and music. So, Martin dropped the film off for Andrea, and they planned to come in around eight, whereas Rolf and I went there at seven.

Rolf and I arrived, and were met with a big smile from Andrea. We went straight to the little theater and went down to the front where the little sofa was.

"Rolf, I can't even describe how much I want you right now. Let's just do it."

We stripped off our clothes as the movies played. Like I said before, these were short clips, and usually there were four of them of about ten minutes each, and then they repeated. I had no idea when mine would come up.

We threw our clothes in the corner and sat down, and the first thing I did was take his cock in my mouth and get him warmed up. I would stroke it a few times, and then go way down on it and then slide my lips back out over it. I just couldn't take it anymore, and swung my leg over him and straddled him, and let myself slide down on his cock, feeling him inside me for the first time! I know a lot of women say it hurt or was uncomfortable the first time, but I think that's because they really didn't like or trust the guy. I can't even describe the desire I had for Rolf, and I took him easily.

This was new for me too, and I hadn't experienced the theaters this way before. In this position, I was facing the men scattered in the theater, and could see the dust in the air in the beam coming from the projector. The men were looking at me, and I stared each one of them in the eye and gave silent permission for them to take out their cocks. I started moving myself up and down, and Rolf teased one of my nipples with his lips.

"My God Rolf, this is amazing. Do you like it? I think I want you to cum inside me just like this when you are ready. I can really feel you."

Sometimes I leaned forward and pushed my breast into his mouth, and sometimes I leaned back and teased my own nipples. Rolf's hands were holding my hips and guiding me down over his cock so he could feel me as intensely as possible. Finally, I couldn't wait anymore and I had to tell him about the movie that would be coming up.

"Rolf, I have another surprise. I don't know exactly when, but one of the film clips will be me. Monika and Martin helped me make it, and I did it for you. Well, I did it for me too, but I haven't even seen it yet and we will see it together for the first time.

Just then, I felt a little uncertainty. What if he responded the opposite of what I expected and thought I was horrible? I had never thought about that! But he didn't, and instead he gripped my hips even harder and kissed me and said I was the best girlfriend ever. I was his only girlfriend ever too, but I knew what he meant!

The clip behind us ended, and I suspect that Andrea was in the projector booth and probably started my film next on purpose, because when I glanced back I saw the opening scene of Monika's bedroom.

"Oh, here it is Rolf! I didn't even have to pretend when we made it, because I was thinking of you."

Now I could see myself stride towards the bed and start getting undressed. I picked up a photo, and I was so glad that the camera didn't pick up a clear view of it! I'm not sure what Rolf would think if he saw me masturbating to Monika instead of him, although I think most men would think it was hot.

Now I had undressed and was laying on the bed. I didn't realize it at the time, but Martin had been using the zoom and now I was looking at a closeup of my fingers pulling my panties to the side and you could even see my wetness! I was an honest to goodness porn star!

"Rolf, do you like it?"

"Yes, you are very sexy"

"I would love it if we both came together when I cum in the movie. Can we do that?"

"Yes, I am ready anytime."

Rolf was looking up at the screen and I was bouncing up and down on him. My breasts were bouncing at the same rhythm, and I could see that the men liked it from the way their hands were stroking themselves. This is probably not how most women dream of their first time, but it works for me! I wasn't sure if any of the men noticed or suspected that I was the girl in the movie, but I hope they did.

I kept glancing back, and now I was completely naked and I could tell the film was coming to an end.

"About another minute Rolf, and I don't think I could wait longer anyway. You are driving me crazy."

His strong hands held on tight, and he guided me so his cock rubbed against my clitoris. Soon he said he couldn't wait, and I started moaning and orgasming. I didn't know what to expect when he came, but when he did cum, I felt his cock pulse and I felt a little more slippery, which must have been because of his cum. When he stopped, I dropped myself down on him and said, "Keep your cock inside me, I want to feel it for a minute."

He looked at me like I was the most beautiful girl in the world, and I wanted this to never end. But one problem with cumming inside me was that I didn't see his cum, so I was going to fix that tight now. I saw how it worked with Monika just a short while ago, so I lifted myself up slowly and held myself there while his cum seeped out of me down over his cock. I slid down on my knees and took his cock back in my mouth and seductively licked up every drop.

(Another note: Can you imagine how my husband would ever leave me?? Grrrr, what a jerk. I hope his new girlfriend puts on gloves to give him a handjob.)

We caught our breath and I said we can relax and wait for Monika and Martin.

"Should we dress first?"

"No, we are fine. We're all here for the same thing. Besides, you'll get to see Monika naked, and you'll probably forget all about me."

"No I won't. I won't even notice her."

"You are such a liar. It's ok, you can look and even get excited, because I get the reward."

I sat there with my hand wrapped around Rolf's cock, which had grown hard again. Finally, the door opened and my dear friends came in.

They squeezed next to us on the sofa, with Monika sitting next to me of course. She whispered, "Are you having fun? Have you seen the movie yet?"

"Yes, we loved it! Martin, you are amazing! You did such a good job!"

"Well, we will see in a few minutes for ourselves because Andrea will put it in again."

Most of the men were still there, realizing that this was their lucky night, and they were all trying to pick up on our conversation. Finally Monika turned around and said something to them, and they smiled.

"What did you say?"

"I said that you are the girl in the next movie, and that you hoped they liked it."

"Oh my God, I wondered if they recognized me. I hope you like it too."

"I know I will", and just then the current film ended and I knew it would be starting up again.

Although we had already seen it, Rolf was entranced by it and his cock became even harder. Monika took out Martin's cock, and she leaned over to me and said, "See, we are just the same."

I hadn't given it a thought when a dozen strange men saw it, but I actually blushed when the closeup appeared again than showed my hand pulling my panties to the side. Monika smiled at me and whispered, "I wish that was my hand."

After the clip ended, she and Martin whispered something to each other, and they stood and Martin unzipped her dress. Monika let it fall to the floor and she carefully folded it and set it to the side. I felt Rolf's cock flinch in my hand, and I leaned over and said, "I thought you wouldn't notice her", and smiled.

She was always so sexy, and was wearing black garters and bra and no panties, just like the first time I saw her. She said something to Martin, and he moved over next to me and she straddled him and took his cock just like I had done to Rolf tonight!

"Monika, that's how Rolf and I did it too! It was amazing!" God, I mush have sounded so naïve, as though I thought I had made up that position.

"Then do it again, or do something else. I want to see you feel the same pleasure I feel."

I looked at Rolf with a questioning look, and he knelt in front of me and helped me slide forward, and gently slid his cock inside me again. I gasped, because it felt different this time. The top side of his cock rubbed along the most sensitive part of me, and was more intense that when I was on top. I had a lot to learn!

Monika and I were in the perfect position to observe each other. I was kind of facing her and she was facing me. The sofa was quite small, so her body was pressed against mine. She reached out and placed her hand on my shoulder, and I reached out and placed mine on her thigh. I has seen her and Martin have sex many times, but this was obviously the first time I could feel what she feels.

I looked down at myself and could see Rolf's cock slide in and out. I liked how my pussy lips tried to follow his cock outwards and how his cock pushed them back inwards. Does that make sense? Then, I tried to squeeze his cock, and it made him groan. Good, now I had something else I could do for him.

I was still so fascinated by Monika. I looked at her body and her nipples we exposed at the top of her bra. Her stomach was so flat and sexy, and I vowed to keep mine like that no matter what. She had dark hair around her pussy and I stared at it as she moved up and down on Martin, and I think she could read my mind.

She smiled and said, "We look quite different down there. You still look nearly the same as when I shaved you. Is the itch nearly gone away?"

Despite the fact that I was naked in a porn theater with Rolf's cock inside me and sitting beside my friends who were doing the same, I blushed when she said that because she warned me it would itch and I didn't believe her.

"Yes, it is gone but I won't do that again! Rolf said he liked it but he likes me the way he met me the best!"

She smiled again and let her hand slide down over my breast, and said, "I like you as I met you too. We are good girlfriends."

I remembered back when I first met them, that I was so shy and wouldn't even let her put her hand around my waist even though she begged me, and now she was holding my breast while we were each having sex. I thought about the last time I was with them, and it's even kind of embarrassing for me to type it again, but I loved when I moved underneath her and felt his cum fall on my lips. I don't tell Rolf about everything we do, and I didn't tell him that, but right now I was so excited that I wanted to do it again. But I didn't know how he would react, and I really didn't want to lose him.

Instead, I just said, "Rolf, I had no idea this would feel so wonderful. You are the best boyfriend ever! And I love you so much!"

"I love you too Jennifer, and you are a wonderful girlfriend. I will do anything for you."

At that point I realized that sex and romance did not have to be two different things. I don't think most people take it to the extreme that we did, but if you could have seen the look on Monika's face while she touched me and then hear Rolf's words, it just made the sex that much more intense. I'm sorry if this chapter didn't end in a huge orgasmic explosion, but like I always said, I just write what I remember was important at the time. We obviously finished the evening at the theater in a very good way, and then enjoyed drinks and music at a club like normal couples. I was so proud that someone like Monika would hold my hand while we walked on the street, while Martin and Rolf walked behind us and talked (women in Europe hold hands much more often).

So, this is a good place to end, and the next chapter will be in the present and will involve Kyle helping me transfer this movie (and others) to a computer. And yes, Kari will be a big part, and there will be some nice times (not necessarily sexual) with the girls we met at the bistro.

Bye Bye!
