Cunt slowly ground down and back against Owner's cock. Bearing down as much as she could she then relaxed her sphincter muscle as she slowly rocked back and forth massaging Owner's cock with her ass.
Cunt was on all fours, kneeling in the center of the area rug placed in the exact center of her room. Owner was on his knees behind her, his deep chocolate skin in sharp contrast to Cunt's alabaster skin tone.
Cunt was wearing the outfit that Owner preferred for her. He had selected it himself and presented it to Cunt earlier. Cunt dressed herself in a neon pink padded bra, white garter belt, neon pink thong panties, and white stockings. Her feet were covered by her 5 inch high neon pink heels with a 1 inch platform toe.
Owner had commanded Cunt to fuck herself on Owner's cock. Owner was motionless behind her as Cunt did all the work; exerting herself in her efforts to make Owner cum.
She had pulled aside the strap of her thong from her bottom to allow Owner's cock access to her ass, her ass-pussy as Owner called it, while still keeping her own penis and testicles trapped in front by the wispy material of her thong.
Owner for his part seemed to be in no hurry as she could hear him tapping on his smart phone while she rocked back and forth and alternately bore down and relaxed her ass as she worked to make Owner happy.
It wasn't always like this. Cunt could barely remember the day she had been rescued at the side of the road; having slipped and twisted her ankle while out for a jog. Cunt remembered that day most of all. It was also the last time she saw the outside world.
Cunt settled into a rhythm as she fucked herself on Owners 8 inch long, 2 inch thick, 6 inch circumference, big black cock. She knew these dimensions intimately. She had been made to measure them after all and commit them to memory. Owner was proud of his size; length and girth and Cunt made sure to recite them and praise them on command.
Sliding her ass up and down Owners pole she knew exactly how far to go without letting Owner's cock to slip from her ass. That would make Owner angry. She didn't want to make Owner angry.
Cunt glanced around her room as she worked Owner's cock. The room was bland and depressing; only the brightly colored oriental style area rug in the exact center of he room and the Chinese style folding screen that partitioned her bed and her make-up mirror from the remaining space provided any color or life to the room. A toilet, sink, and old fashioned claw-foot tub occupied the opposite corner.
Grey cinder block walls comprised the boundary of her world since her rescue by Owner. One wall had a solid steel door set in the center. Cunt didn't know what was beyond that door. She had never left her room since her rescue. Her entire world since then was in this room.
This room was not her refuge though; it was her prison, and her torture chamber. It had its own set of horrors placed randomly about her. Placed at the whim of Owner who would use them on her or not as his mood struck.
The stocks, the rack, the St. Andrews Cross; various restraints and disciplinary tools that were too numerous to mention, everything was custom built. None of these items had the traditional medieval look of their progenitors; rather everything was made of metal with a minimalist modern appearance.
Cunt had learned that Owner had made each and every one of these items. Owner had decorated this room and outfitted it with every item inside, and had done it all with someone just like her in mind.
Cunt was the last piece of the puzzle, the last bit of property that owner had installed in his dungeon. And Cunt was never allowed to leave.
"MMmmm..."
Cunt listened to her Owner as he started to feel the pleasure from her anal expertise. Cunt increased her speed as she humped Owner's cock faster and harder, bearing down with greater pressure each stroke. She drove herself back so that her ass cheeks would slap hard against Owner's lap.
SLAP...SLAP...SLAP... with soft echoes from the walls reverberating back to her.
"Ahh...ahhh...ahhh..." Cunt began to vocalize as she sought to encourage Owner to cum. She was getting tired, her legs were starting to burn and she wanted to rest.
"Squish...squish...squish..." the rhythmic tempo as Owner's huge piston slammed into the lubricated cylinder that was her ass.
Cunt smiled as Owner put down his smart phone on the small of her back and grabbed her hips. Owner was now setting the pace...no...Owner was increasing the pace...He was going to come soon.
Cunt began to vocalize louder now as the tempo of her fucking sped up.
Faster and faster, owner fucked her.
Owner was grunting slightly.
Cunt recognized that Owner was getting closer and closer to cumming.
Cunt started to roll her hips from side to side in a simple figure 8 pattern. Cunt had to be careful not to allow Owner's cell phone to fall from her back. Owner would not like that. Owner would punish her if she allowed it to fall off. Cunt was gland that her exertions had made her slightly sweaty and that the sweat of her back was helping to adhere the smart phone in place.
"Aww...Aww...Oww...Ow..." Owner had sped up again.
He was fucking Cunt so hard it was hurting.
Owner was driving in too deep...too hard...too fast...
Just when Cunt felt she couldn't take it anymore Owner pulled his cock out from her ass. The sudden and unexpected withdrawal leaving her ass gaped and open as Owner spent his seed onto Cunt's body.
Cunt felt the warmth of Owner's semen as ropes of cum splashed against her gaping asshole, splashed against the insides of her bottom, splashed into her gaped ass, and splashed upon her lower back.
Owner pulled cunt back against him as the last of his issue spurted upon the alabaster skin of her lower back. Owner's balls were nestled up against her gaping asshole.
SLAP! Cunt flinched as Owner's meaty hand spanked her ass.
"BITCH! You got cum on my cell phone!"
"I'm sorry Owner, I didn't mean to..."
SLAP! Cunt flinched again as Owner's other meaty hand spanked her on the other ass cheek.
"Girl, sorry don't make it right."
Owner grabbed Cunt by her hair and painfully pulled her head back.
"See this bitch?"
Cunt could see the cum that Owner had sprayed onto the face of the smart phone as Owner held it in front of her face.
"Yes Owner."
Owner rubbed the cum from the smart phone onto Cunt's face and lips as he spoke.
"How am I supposed to use this, huh? How am I supposed to use this now, dumb bitch!"
"I'm sorry owner." Cunt knew her apology was meaningless but she had to apologize anyway. It would be worse if she didn't.
"Open yo mouth bitch!" Owner commanded.
Cunt opened wide as Owner shoved the cum covered smart phone into her mouth.
"Suck it clean!"
Cunt awkwardly sucked on the smart phone as she tried to remove and swallow all the cum off of the phone.
"Don't get that phone too wet bitch, I need it later."
"MMMM...MMMM..." Cunt tried to indicate she was done cleaning the phone.
"You done bitch? Give me that, let me see." Owner took the phone from Cunt's mouth, wiping the drool that strung from her mouth to the phone across her neon pink padded bra before checking on his phone.
"Good. Still works. No cum. You did good Latrina."
Latrina; Owner's name for her.
Cunt was never allowed to say the name owner had given her unless asked but she always had to respond to it when called. Cunt didn't know if the name was Hispanic in origin or African-American. It sounded ethnic either way.
Owner stood up in front of Cunt.
"Bitch, I got work to do, people to meet. Clean this up!" Owner indicated the cum across his meaty 8 inch chocolate colored cock and his large and heavy ball sack.
Cunt crawled forward a step and immediately took Owners massive member into her mouth and started to suck and lick it clean.
"So eager for the BBC, aintcha cunt?"
"MmmHmm..." Cunt answered immediately and as Owner expected, with a long and sinful hum of pleasure as she sucked the cum from Owners cock, and then licked and sucked on his balls, swallowing all the cum she could find.
"Good Girl. Now lay back while I lock you up."
Cunt lay back down on the area rug as commanded. She felt the squishy sensation as Owner's cum slipped around in her ass and butt cheeks. Her cock and balls were awash in cum as it seeped out from her gaped and open asshole, ruined from the pounding Owner's cock had inflicted upon it. She hoped that her thong would be able to absorb all the cum that was leaking out.
Owner placed her foot into a shackle attached to a long chain and locked it.
"Get up."
Cunt rolled over and rose into a kneeling position before owner.
"Ima gone be out all day on business. You clean yoself up and make yoself pretty again."
"Yes Owner."
"Oh...and clean that up." Owner pointed to a large cum stain on the area rug carpet where Cunt had just been laying. Cunt could feel more cum dripping down onto her ankles from her ass and knew there was probably another cum spot on the carpet right where she was kneeling.
Before owner had even turned to leave Cunt bent low and started to suck out the cum stain from the area rug. Owner wanted this carpet always kept clean. Cunt heard the door slam shut and lock behind her. She didn't stop though, in fact she couldn't stop. Owner would be furious if she did and if the carpet wasn't completely cum free before his return.
Cunt knew that in her obedience there was survival.
Obedience was life.

Owner drove slowly to town to the rendezvous point. He had a delivery to make and it was never wise to keep those cartel types waiting. The cash he had to deliver was hidden in the floorboard of the van under the mattress in back. It took a trick magnet to lift open the hidden compartment. The presence of his pistol in his jacket pocket was also comforting. It always paid to be cautious.
It was a good day so far. Owner got his rocks off with Latrina, her ass and mouth were always so good. Soon he would deliver the cash and make the exchange for more product. And then maybe go back to Latrina for some deep throat fucking after.
Owner smiled as an idea formed. Pulling out his phone he hit the number on speed dial.

Owner's voice boomed out from the hidden overhead speakers.
"Bitch, go to the throat trainer and practice until I get there."
Cunt flinched as she was startled by the command. She had only just finished cleaning up the room and was ready to hand wash all her intimates in the bathtub prior to taking a bath herself.
"Yes Owner." She answered automatically.
Cunt knew she had to perform the task as ordered. Owner had hidden cameras and would review the footage when he returned. If she disobeyed or didn't perform her throat training at an acceptable level of enthusiasm she would be punished.
Cunt placed a pillow under her knees as she knelt in front of a pole mounted to the floor. Mounted at the top of the pole sticking out at 90 degrees from the pole was an enormous black dildo, even larger than owner's huge cock.
Cunt put her arms up and hands behind her head. She interlaced her fingers behind her long curly hair and opened her mouth and began the long process of swallowing the synthetic cock.
Cunt had to kneel but she also had to lift up through her upper body as much as possible to reach the cock with her mouth. Her padded bra would jut out obscenely as she bobbed back and forth, her padded breasts occasionally bumping against the pole.
Cunt worked her mouth to produce as much saliva as she could to lubricate the dildo and make it easier to swallow. Cunt knew owner had a camera that was watching her and she knew she had to do the best she could.
She worked her way slowly and steadily down the length of the cock, each head bob bringing another ¼ inch of shaft into her mouth. As she reached a point about 4 inches on she bobbed back to spit out the plastic member. She worked up as much saliva as possible and licked the dildo's shaft, coating it's entirety in spit.
Bobbing back down on the head and swallowing as much as possible she went down to her previous point. She needed to move quickly before the saliva on the lower shaft dried.
Because of all the practice she had with Owner's cock she was reasonably good at performing deep throat and opening her mouth and throat for owner's deep throat fucking. The mammoth dildo before her was even bigger though. Forcing such a large intruding member past her gag reflex had thus far been impossible for her, she had never succeeded before.
Cunt swallowed as hard as she could to ease the passage of the dildo back past her tonsils and into her widening throat but it was too much...gagging and gasping, and nearly throwing up Cunt backed away and spat out the dildo.
Taking only a moment to catch her breath, cunt was about to begin again when she noticed the cum stain from her panties on the pillow under her knees.
Damn it! Now I'll have to clean that up too. She wished she had been faster in her chores because she would have had a bath by then and had washed all of Owner's cum off her body. Her penis and testicles were still sticky with Owner's sperm and her gaped asshole was obviously still leaking cum.
Cunt leaned forward, put her hands back behind her head, chest out, and bobbed down again onto the throat training dildo.
Hopefully she would be ordered to stop soon or Owner would return to end the session.

Detectives Shaw and Hunt pulled up to the crime scene in their unmarked police car. The flashing lights of almost a dozen patrol cars and an ambulance illuminated a grisly scene.
Exiting their vehicle they approached the patrolman in charge at the scene and flashed their badges. After only a cursory glance the patrolman started to brief the two detectives.
"What's going on here officer?"
"Detectives, it looks like a drug deal gone bad and possible a gang hit."
The officer walked the detectives through the crime scene as he gave his initial report.
"It looks like it started over here by the van. The driver was exchanging cash for what looks like a mixed selection of cocaine, meth, and pills."
Small stacks of cash were littered on the warehouse floor with ziplock bags of the various drugs. Curiously there was also a sack of sub sandwiches and cardboard drink holder with sodas.
"It seems in the middle of the exchange another group approached and confronted these men here. A gun fight broke out."
The detectives looked upon 6 bodies, only half of which had been covered with sheets so far.
"It's difficult to make out who was who but it seems that these 3 men over here were attacking these 3 men over there, and everyone but the van driver was killed in the shoot out."
Fallen weapons and spent shell casings littered the ground and hundreds of yellow markers stood next to each one. A police photographer was moving delicately among the carnage as his camera flashed with picture after picture, documenting the crime scene.
"Some of them had some pretty substantial weapons; An AK over there, this one here is an Uzi...the rest appear to be 9 mil pistols..."
Seriously? An Uzi? Who even uses Uzi's these days?
"...and that guy over there in the ambulance had this 44 mag revolver, guess he thought he was dirty Harry or something."
"So the survivor over there is the van driver?" Detective Hunt asked.
"Yeah, we think he's the driver of this van. Tough SOB too. When the first patrol car rolled up he was beating this guy over here with the butt of his pistol, smashed his head completely in, and that's after he'd been shot several times. He collapsed when the officer approached. Driver's license is in here."
Detective Shaw took the evidence bag and read the license through the plastic.
"Looks like we need to find out everything we can about Darnell Demetrius Tonga."

Apparently, not much.
Detectives Mike Hunt and Rik Shaw were surprised that Mr. Darnell Demetrius Tonga, 6'2, 220lbs, African American, Black Hair, Brown eyes, with an address here in the city was a fabricator at a local factory in the industrial sector of the city, was a registered voter, paid his taxes, and had no criminal record whatsoever, not even a parking ticket.
"It's highly unusual Lieutenant," Detective Shaw spoke as he briefed his superior officer "I've never seen someone without a criminal history involved in a probable gang warfare mass shooting before."
"Me either, we need more information. I want you to go and search the suspect's home. I'll call Judge Malarkey and have a search warrant for you within the hour."

"Are you sure this is it?" Detective Shaw looked to his partner with doubt.
"Yes, this is it." Detective Hunt answered.
They stood before the building that was Mr. Tonga's address. The 3 story abandoned brick building looked like it was formerly a small manufacturing facility. A faded and peeling sign on one corner identified its former life as 'King Manufacturing and Machining"
"Got the warrant?"
"Yep."
"Let's go."
What they found next was quite a surprise. Gaining entry to the first floor wasn't easy. The steel security door was strong, and the roll-up doors by the loading dock were secured from the inside. The detectives were careful when they broke open the door. The security camera would no doubt capture everything they did and even with a warrant restraint was called for. No officer ever wanted a case thrown out on a technicality.
The first floor of the building was clearly where the machines used to be. Over half the floor was open space but a few machines still occupied spots here and there. Small stocks of metal materials were arranged neatly in racks and in bins. It was obvious that Demetrius Tonga used the first floor as a shop of some sort.  
The real eye opener was the 2nd floor. The entire floor was made over into a studio apartment. Hardwood flooring spanned the entire open floor plan. A kitchen and dining area occupied one corner, while an open bedroom area occupied another. A third corner was filled with free weights and exercise equipment that any commercial gym would have been proud to have. Tasteful artwork of apparent African origin was on display.
The final corner was the bathroom. Although only the toilet was actually enclosed in its own alcove, the shower, huge soaker tub, and dual vanity were separated from the rest of the room by opaque glass panels.
The mix of wood and metal expertly gave the impression of modernism and warmth.
"Not at all what I was expecting."
"Yeah...I can't say I've seen many drug dealers in this neighborhood living like this."
"Suspected drug dealers." His partner corrected.
"Yeah, whatever."
The detectives spent over an hour searching the studio apartment before reluctantly concluding that there was nothing there to be found. If Demetrius Tonga was running drugs he wasn't doing it from his home.
"Something's missing here."
"What do you mean?"
"Remember the security cameras outside?"
"Yeah, so...if there are cameras, where is the monitor?"
The detectives went back down stairs to the machine shop. They looked again over the juxtaposition of a modern CAD machine and CAD controlled cutting and milling machines with the older 1940s area metal lathes and welding machines.
A frame of unknown purpose stood partly completed in a central area of the floor.
Not finding any drugs or drug related paraphernalia per their warrant the detectives were considering that it was time to leave when Detective Hunt spotted a door partly obscured by an old machine near the corner.
"This place has a basement."

Detectives Shaw and Hunt forced open the locked door and descended a flight of stairs to what was a rather dingy basement where water and sewer pipes ran overhead in seemingly chaotic directions. A cursory inspection may have suggested there was nothing special about this room. Only a newer AC system mounted in the overhead outside wall stood out from the general dreariness of the room.
The detectives searched the room and then looked at each other and were about to leave when Rik Shaw pointed out the supply and return lines from the AC unit simply disappeared into the adjacent wall. After a few more minutes the nearly invisible lines indicating a false wall door were found. It was only a few minutes after that when the detectives figured out the unlocking mechanism and opened the false door. Opening that door led to yet another room.
The contrast with the dingy basement mechanical room could not have been greater. An air conditioned and carpeted room with soundproofing and acoustic tiles; clean white paint on the cinderblock walls and shelves of old fashioned DVDs and 8mm video tapes filled one wall.
A high end dual monitor PC sat atop an apparently custom made workstation table on the opposite wall. On screen the detectives could see in 4K high definition almost a dozen street views of the outside of the building and front door as well as 4 views of the machine shop on the first floor.
They almost overlooked the one screen in the lower corner of the multi-panel view. A woman, clad in lingerie, kneeling and sucking on a huge dildo mounted to a pole in some sort of dungeon setting.
"Guess we know what kind of porn he likes."
The woman on screen hesitated for a moment, appeared to waver, and then fell over onto her side with a soft thudding sound.
Detectives Shaw and Hunt looked at another door set in the middle of the wall from where the sound had originated. They looked back at the PC and noticed the speakers were off.
With a nod they drew their weapons and moved toward the third door.

Cunt was exhausted. She couldn't continue any longer. Owner had never left her alone like this for so long without further instructions. She had no clock and no real concept of how much time had passed since his last command to practice on the throat training dildo but it had to have been hours.
Cunt's jaw was sore; she couldn't even fully close her mouth when her mouth slipped off the end of the dildo. She tried to continue but her knees were in agony from kneeling for so long. Her back hurt, her arms were burning from holding them up behind her head. Her fingers had gone numb from being interlaced behind her head for so long.
Cunt paused and swayed slightly as dizziness and exhaustion took their toll on her. She was so drained of energy she fell over prostrate onto the floor. Owner will be so angry, she thought as she lay there. She knew she would be punished for her disobedience.
Fear gripped her heart as the door to her room finally opened. Fear gripped her mind as Owner...and someone else?.. entered the room.
"City Police, Freeze!"
Police, Cunt thought; confusedly; why are they here?
Cunt passed out from exhaustion.