Pull yourself together! Ariadne told her reflection. It had been about two weeks of daily runs to the illegal sleep lab Fischer was nominally running. She felt dirty and used, and wondered if she was the one that Cobb had selected to be Fischer's victim. The SCU staff had been told that one would be selected at random and Cobb would be the only one to know who it was. After the spectacular fight he and Fischer had, Yusuf had posted about it. Cobb couldn't return to the lab, not after Yusuf complained that Fischer had been unprofessional, insulting and an all-around asshole. Fischer didn't have any invitation to the Network, but that in itself wasn't unusual. Not everyone was invited to it, after all. That did make Fischer a little nervous at times.

Ariadne left the bathroom and went to the main area to be hooked up. This lab's setup was professionally done and didn't look like a basement back room. She could handle this.

She was alone in the dream, sitting in the house she had grown up in. She was ten years old, looking out of the kitchen window into her mother's garden. She could tell that she had her adult size and mind, but she also knew on some level that she was ten in the dream. Anyone else dreaming with her just then would see a little girl sitting at the table. She left the house and stepped into the garden, seeing her mother weeding the flower beds and singing along to the radio. It was a comfortable memory to be in.

She wasn't alone in the dream. Something shifted subtly around her, though she couldn't pinpoint exactly what it was. She turned and left the garden, lifting her hand to shield her eyes from the sun's glare. Someone was standing at the end of the driveway, and as her eyes adjusted to the dazzling light, she could see that it was Robert Fischer.

Fucking hell. She was going to kill Cobb.

Ariadne shifted the dream around her, becoming herself again, and took off at a run. She wasn't going to lay herself out there on a platter, no matter what Cobb said. She wasn't about to just lie back and play professional victim on his say-so, and Fischer wasn't about to knock her around without a fight.

It turned into a maze, and she could hear Fischer curse in the distance. She climbed a ladder that brought her up and over the maze, and she silently erased the ladder and began making her way along the top of it. Her heart was racing, even if this was just a dream and he probably wasn't going to do anything completely terrible. Probably. She didn't know VCU staff all that well, and she didn't like the idea that she was being set up for this.

Fischer was a better dreamer than she thought, however. Better than Cobol, at least. Shots rang out, and she tumbled from the top of the maze right into Fischer's arms. He had armed projections surrounding him, and a door opened in the maze. It led to a room with nothing but a bed on it, and Ariadne began to fight in earnest. She wasn't going to allow this to happen, and she knew how to fight dirty. She was good at the dreaming, dammit. She couldn't allow him to get the drop on her.

He was massive on top of her, even if he didn't look like it. Fischer had her pinned down to the bed, his armed projections guarding the door and shooting at all of hers. She screamed and thrashed, managing to get her knee up and into his groin. He grunted in pain, but held on tighter. His nails dug into her wrists painfully, keeping them pinned down on either side of her head.

This felt too real. He had to be doing this in real life, too. He had to be pinning her down, wedging his legs between hers. She felt sick to her stomach, even if she knew on some level that he wouldn't rape her. He just had to simulate it, had to make it look real if the Dream Killer was watching him.

Ariadne wrested her hands free and dug her thumbs into Fischer's eyes as she sobbed. She had wished she could do that when she was ten, but she had never been able to. It wasn't fair to Fischer, but she didn't care about fair any longer. As Fischer screamed behind her, she darted through a door that appeared in the wall in front of her. She closed it and had it seal shut behind her. She ran through the maze again, digging into her pockets looking for something to kill herself with. She couldn't wait for the kick at the cues that Yusuf had set up. She needed out and she needed out now.

The best she could come up with while running was a hunting knife, and she shuddered. She was tempted to throw it away; the connotations were all too clear for her own mind, and she wanted to curl up in a corner and weep. She had to calm down. She had to stop running and she had to think and stop reacting as if she was a child. She wasn't a child anymore, it wasn't happening again, and she had moved past all of this, dammit. She was a grown woman and a fucking FBI agent.

It was about damn time to act like one.

She stopped to catch her breath and stabbed the knife into the wall. She wasn't going to use that if she didn't have to. Ariadne took a deep breath, then looked down at herself. She was in a pantsuit, one of her favorite ones, and she could feel the shoulder holster tucked snugly beneath her arm. That was better.

Fischer's projections closing in, Ariadne took out her service weapon and shot herself in the head.

She came to with a gasp, Fischer lying heavily on top her, the lead still tucked into his arm. Fucking bastard. She shoved him off of her, and he woke when he hit the floor. Shaking, Ariadne yanked the lead out of her arm and looked around her with a crazed expression. If he so much as leered at her, she was going to take off the top of his head with a chair.

Fischer looked at her in concern and confusion, but wisely kept his mouth shut. Her hands were fisted at her sides and her entire body language was screaming violence. Ariadne had to force her hands to open, and she had to make sure that her spine was straight as she walked out over Yusuf's protests. He was pretending to be bastard and an opportunist, but somehow he'd crossed the line with her. Apparently he was doing too good a job. It was clear that he didn't even know what he had done to tip the balance for her.

Ariadne leaned against the side of the building and took in great gulps of air. This was just pretend. It was a job, not the real thing. She had to remind herself of that.

Yusuf had followed her out, concern etched across his features. "Ariadne?" he asked, hesitating before finally touching her arm to get her attention.

"Bad trip," she said in a strangled voice, trying to smile and ease his concern. It didn't quite work, and she could see the worry in his eyes. "I'll see you tomorrow, Yusuf. Hopefully when that asswipe isn't around trying to cop a feel."

Yusuf swallowed down whatever he was going to say and merely nodded. "I'm sorry, Ariadne."

"Yeah," she said, her voice amazingly hoarse. "Me, too."
***
Ariadne sighed and dragged herself back into her apartment building. She had run herself harder than usual after the disastrous situation at the sleep lab, and she certainly wasn't looking forward to going that afternoon. She planned to meet up with Eames in the Hoover building in the morning to go over their notes again. He had pitched his theory of a rich dreamer hosting his own network, and wanted to look for power spikes on the national grid. Cobb had shut down that theory, stating that they simply had to keep going ahead with the plan. "It's too late to change things now," he said sternly. "You can't go back. We have to go in deeper and just get this done."

Ariadne had looked away, unable to stand the sight of Cobb just then.

Letting out a breath, she let herself into her apartment and went through her usual morning routine. If she scrubbed a little harder during her shower, that was okay. She had been sweaty and had run really hard, after all. It had nothing to do with the coming afternoon, nothing to do with dread at the thought of even looking at Fischer. The fear running down her spine had nothing to do with this job, had nothing to do with the half remembered ghosts of her past.

She dressed in her favorite pantsuit for an extra bit of comfort, and wore a fuschia button down shirt beneath the jacket. She loaded everything into her laptop bag and palmed her keys as she passed by the front hall table. She dug her phone out of her pocket as she undid the bolt. See you soon, she texted Eames, and slid the phone into her jacket pocket.

She locked her front door and passed by the stairwell entry, and there was a shadow shifting at the corner of her eyes. A bag slipped over her head, and a sedative was injected directly into her neck. Ariadne clawed at the arms locked around her like a vise, but she could feel herself slipping into unconsciousness.

I'm sorry, she thought, her body falling limp. She didn't know why she was thinking it, or who she was apologizing to.

Everything went dark.
***
Ariadne came to slowly, clawing her way back up to consciousness. She was in a seated position, her arms behind her. She could tell that they were tied around something smooth and metal, cold against her wrists. It felt like some kind of plastic beneath her hands, and she could tell that her legs were sprawled out in front of her. Her chin was leaning down against her chest, her dark hair spilling down around her like a curtain. She could feel her shoes still on her feet, could still feel her phone in her jacket pocket. The weight of her gun was gone, and she missed its comforting presence. She felt hung over, the drug still coursing its way through her system.

The first thing she was aware of was the bright blue plastic tarp beneath her, the color a sharp contrast to the dark gray of her pants. She lifted her head with some difficulty, her hair parting enough to let her look around the room. It looked like rough sheetrock walls, nothing plastered over or painted. Someone had built this recently, and one panel appeared to have hinges. She looked up and saw that she had apparently been tied to a house jack.

Fuck. She was captured and kept in someone's basement. She was sitting on a tarp, and there was no indication of where she was, why she was there or when she had been taken. Her laptop bag was missing, and she let her eyes fall shut. Something deep inside her gut told her that this abduction was case related, though there was no way to prove it. She felt deep in her bones, certain knowledge beneath her eyelids and in every breath she drew in. The Dream Killer somehow knew about her, even if he shouldn't have, and he had brought her here.

She wondered if she was alone here, or if the Dream Killer had kidnapped Eames as well.

Ariadne closed her eyes and breathed in deeply. It smelled like plaster and paint, something she could deal with. She moved through the relaxation exercise, eyes closed. There was nothing to see in the room anyway. She imagined her apartment, the open windows and her little plant that her mother had given her. Something to remind you of home, her mother had said when she moved to DC.

Ariadne opened her eyes again and stared at the sheetrock. She would not scream, she would not cry. If the Dream Killer was going to kill her, she would meet her death with dignity.
***
There was no way to tell how long time dragged on. She listened to the creaking sounds around her, trying to place where she was in the house or if someone else was there with her. This was real, painfully real, and not just a somnacin-imposed dream. She didn't need her totem to tell her this was real, that she was being held somewhere against her will. She was hungry and cold, her hands and ass numb from sitting in that position for far too long. Ariadne ran through songs in her head, went over the PASIV instruction manual, thought back over the lists of the victims' names and stats. She thought of Eames, his eyes warm with concern as they looked at her as if she was a puzzle to put together. He was a bit of a puzzle himself, and now she would never figure it out.

It was probably really hours, but it felt like days. She tried doing leg lifts and various leg stretches and exercises to pass the time. Some shimmying and sliding along the tarp got her to her feet, though there was nowhere else to go but back down into a sitting position. She guessed that it was sometime in the afternoon when there was no obvious way to avoid urinating on herself. She closed her eyes and tried to squeeze her knees together, giving herself a little extra time. But trying to avoid thinking about the urge to pee was impossible. If anything, it made the urge that much more intense, and she let go with a sob. She kept her eyes shut tight as the sensation of warm wetness spread between her legs and the sound of it hitting the tarp seemed impossibly loud. Humiliated, Ariadne sucked back an unsteady breath and tried not to cry. She wouldn't cry. She wouldn't give in. She wouldn't be some helpless girl stuck in the basement who knew where, tied up over a tarp. She refused to be a victim again.

But dammit, the Dream Killer was putting her back in that position, no matter how hard she tried to fight it.

She slept fitfully at times, a crick forming in her neck. Hunger pangs came and went. Thirst was constant. The need to urinate came and went, but the first time having to pee on herself had been the worst. Without meaning to, she found herself crying a few times. She couldn't wipe at her face, couldn't do anything more than sniffle to try to clear out her nose. It was quiet in the basement, with only occasional sounds of the boiler coming on or shutting off. She was alone in the house, and she was going to starve to death.

Once Ariadne accepted that fact, the fear ebbed away. There was no use being afraid of the Dream Killer or wondering why he broke his pattern. He had kidnapped the victim, not the perpetrator, and she couldn't figure out why. He wasn't injecting her with anything, wasn't making any motion to carve things into her chest. In the first hours she had tried to puzzle it out, but now it didn't matter anymore. She was going to die slowly, and there would be no way to find her. No one had ever found the Dream Killer's victims until they were deposited, and there had never been any forensic evidence at the scene of the crime or on the corpses. No matter how many police watched over the victims' homes or workplaces, they were always taken. Though parks were observed, bodies turned up anyway. Somehow he was able to dodge all security.

Maybe he really was a ghost.

Something woke her suddenly. She had been dreaming and was suddenly awake; there had been food and sunlight and passersby at the cafe she had been sitting at, so it had to be a dream. She was back in the dank basement room, sitting in her own dried filth and stinking of it. Her arms were completely numb and the tarp rustled as she shifted her position. The single light bulb overhead was still on, and for a moment she couldn't figure out what woke her.

She recognized it an instant later: the hinged part of the wall was open.

A figure in jeans and an old T shirt came into the room with a plastic bag full of washcloths and another tarp and a bucket that sloshed with soapy water. The figure looked up, and it was a young man with dark hair, brown eyes and chiseled features. He looked vaguely familiar, though Ariadne didn't know where she had seen him before. She couldn't place the face or how he was dressed, and couldn't wrap her mind around the fact that this was likely the man that had kidnapped her.

He placed the bucket carefully down on the floor and knelt beside her. She watched him dip a washcloth into the bucket and bring it to her face. He scrubbed it gently, his left hand cupping her jaw to keep her head still as he washed her face. "I'm very sorry," he murmured, and Ariadne knew that voice from somewhere. "There were things to be done. I couldn't come back sooner."

"Who are you?" she rasped, voice hoarse. She felt as if she had spent days screaming, though she had remained stubbornly silent except for wracked sobs.

He carefully wiped at her tearstained cheeks. "My name is Arthur," he told her in soft tones. He dipped the washcloth back into the bucket. His lips quirked into a smile as he wiped at her face again. "Not what you expected, am I?"

"None of this is."

"You're very calm," he remarked, finishing up her face. His touch had been strangely gentle and reverent, but his expression was carefully blank.

"You're going to kill me," Ariadne rasped. "By now, I'm okay with that."

Arthur went into the plastic bag and removed a pair of kitchen scissors. He looked at her evenly. "I'm not going to kill you, Ariadne." He motioned toward her ruined pants vaguely with the scissors. "I'm sorry about this, by the way. But as humiliating as this was, I didn't want to do any damage putting in a catheter. I don't normally use them, and I didn't want to cause any internal bleeding just because I haven't placed any before." He glanced at Ariadne's wary expression. "The pants are ruined, unfortunately. I doubt I could get them clean enough to wear again. I'll cut them off and clean you up. I have a clean tarp to replace this one with."

"Why are you doing this?"

He cut the pants along the sides of her legs instead of answering. When he was finished, he looked up at her. "Lift your hips."

"Why are you doing this?" she repeated.

He grasped her jaw tightly. "Ariadne. I'm not going to rape you. I'm not going to hurt you. I'm aware this looks bad, but I needed to keep you safe, and this was the lesser of two evils. Now, lift your hips." She did so, her teeth clenched tightly together. "Thank you."

Ariadne let her eyes fall shut as he pulled the ruined dress pants and underwear from her hips. She could hear him drag another washcloth through the soapy water in the bucket, but couldn't bring herself to watch him look at her. He could say one thing and do something else completely. She was at his mercy.

"Ariadne, look at me."

When she finally opened her eyes, he was staring at her face. "I'm going to look you directly in the eyes, Ariadne. This is not about anything more than getting you clean."

She couldn't breathe. He could be lying. He could be trying to trick her. It was impossible to read his bland expression, and his brown eyes were flat and dead. There was nothing behind them, nothing at all. He was a soulless creature, moving and talking as if alive. This had to be the ghost, had to be the Dream Killer.

He didn't lie, however. He kept his eyes locked on hers as he dipped the washcloth into the water and brought the cloth to her legs. His touch was firm but completely asexual. He seemed to take great care in preventing skin to skin contact, and even when he had to help her stand up he never looked away. When he had to kneel to reach the bucket, he didn't break eye contact and didn't ogle her nakedness. It was strangely intimate, all this eye contact, feeling that intense gaze on her. When Arthur finished, he quietly left the room and returned with a few fluffy towels. He kept up the eye contact as he knelt in front of her to towel her legs off and pressed it between her legs. He took another and wrapped it firmly around her waist, tucking the end in to help preserve her dignity. Ariadne felt her heart stutter in her chest when the back of his hand grazed the skin of her stomach, and she managed to blink back tears that threatened to form.

Arthur left the basement room with the plastic bag and bucket, leaving the new packaged tarp behind. "There is an option," he began in an even tone upon his return. "Rather than doing this again. And I do need to feed you while I'm here."

"What's that?"

He kept his gaze on her steadily. "I've shown I can keep my promise to you, haven't I?" He came forward so that he was directly in front of her. Even though she was still in her heels, he was taller than her. "Can you keep a promise to me?"

"Depends on what it is," she replied stiffly.

He smiled then, though his eyes remained as dead and empty as before. "Fair enough. Can you promise not to run if I bring you to another room? That one has a bathroom."

"Then why didn't you put me there to start with?" she asked tartly.

"It wasn't set up for you to use," he replied with a shrug. "But it's ready now."

She doubted that she could hurt him, even if she launched at him with the element of surprise. She was half starved, weak and dizzy. She might miss, fall and hurt herself. And where would she be at that point? Ariadne would have to agree for now.

"I won't run," she promised, words thick and heavy on her tongue.

Arthur touched her cheek gently, a light caress displaying his pleasure at her words. "Good." He took a box cutter from his pocket and cut through the ropes easily. He held her arm in a firm grip, guiding her from the small sheetrock room into another room. This one looked as though it had been part of the original design of the house, rather than an addition that Arthur built himself. There was little to see in the basement, and he entered the new room with her. There was a couch and desk, with various newspaper clippings pinned to the wall above the desk. A small refrigerator was in the corner of the room. There was a closet and a door into what was presumably the bathroom. Arthur steered her to the couch and had her sit down, and the room tilted at crazy angles for Ariadne.

"What did you dose me with?" she asked, holding her head in one hand. It didn't keep the room from spinning at all.

He knelt in front of her, a blank expression on his face. "I injected a sedative three days ago," he told her. "You haven't eaten since then. You need to eat now."

She watched as he left the room, and pushed herself to her feet. The room spun a bit, and he frowned at her as he returned. "I don't feel right."

Arthur put the bag of food on the table and pushed her back down to a seated position. He took her face between his hands and tilted it up so that she could look at him. "I am not going to hurt you, Ariadne. And I will not allow you to hurt yourself. You have to stay here."

"I need to leave," she insisted, feeling silly for telling him this. This was the Dream Killer. He wasn't about to let her leave. She would have to figure a way out on her own.

He brushed the ball of his thumb over her lip gently. "You think you do," he murmured. "I'm sorry it happened this way, Ariadne. But this is the only way to keep you safe." He hunkered down across from her, his hands still on her face. "We're the same, you and I."

Ariadne flinched back from his touch and hated the fact that her stomach growled at the smell of the sandwich on the table. "We're nothing alike."

He smiled again, but this time his eyes crinkled at the corners. Genuine amusement, though Ariadne was tempted to slap it off of his face. He might have been handsome, if she had met him under ordinary circumstances. Now, she hated the sight of him. "Now isn't the time for a discussion like that. I don't think you'd appreciate it." He took the bag of food and put it into her lap. "I've made you a sandwich. There are drinks and snacks in the fridge. Try to make it last. I'll probably be back in a few days." 
"A few days?" Ariadne cried, incredulous. She forgot that she was wearing nothing but a towel beneath the waist and pushed herself up to her feet. She was petite and felt delicate next to him, but glared at him anyway. "You can't leave me here," she said, taking a swing at him.

He ducked and easily pushed her back down into a seated position as the room swam again. "I told you, Ariadne," he said patiently. "I won't hurt you and I won't allow you to hurt yourself." He stared at her evenly when she was about to reply. "I saw you that day. I saw what you put yourself through trying to catch me."

Her gut twisted at the simple words. He had been watching her, and openly admitted that he was the one she had been trying to track. Dear God, she was never getting out of here alive.

"I admire that, I really do. But your trust in them is misplaced. I don't blame you for that. You just don't know any better."

Stunned, Ariadne simply watched him leave. She heard the click of a lock and the rasp of a padlock sliding into place. She was an idiot. Never mind that she was weak and dizzy. She should have fought more. Though on some level, she knew that didn't make any sense either. Opening the bag, she looked at the sandwich and plastic baggie with carrot sticks. Without meaning to, she found herself starting to cry.

At some point, the tears slowed and she began to eat. She couldn't really taste anything, but she was going to have to keep her strength up. She would find a way out of this room, and she would get out of this house. After eating half of the sandwich, Ariadne put it down and went to examine the newspaper clippings. They were articles regarding sleep labs and various attempts at passing new regulation for them. Not one of them mentioned any of the dead people the Dream Killer had gone after.

The desk drawers were empty, and Ariadne went to the small closet. She nearly fell down at the sight of women's clothing hanging there, tags still attached. They were the same style and size as what was in her closet at home, and a small basket at the bottom of the closet held underwear and bras, still packaged and also in her size. The bathroom had a small shower, and there was a small plastic basket containing shampoo, body wash and makeup in her usual brands. There were five towels stacked up next to the shower. She leaned against the door frame and tried to remember how to breathe. She shut her eyes tightly, and could only hope that Eames was looking for her. He would know she was missing. They all had to know that she was missing, and that she didn't simply leave.

Arthur had to have made a mistake at some point, even if he hadn't before. He broke his pattern, this wasn't his usual routine. He had to have made a mistake somewhere.

Ariadne was counting on that.
***
***