Rebecca Catches a Pikachu: A Pokemon Go Story by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2016

Story codes: Mf15, Pokemon Go

Summary: Rebecca really wants to catch a Pikachu, but she's used her last lure module. Maybe she can convince someone else to use one of theirs?

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

===============



Rebecca sat on her blanket in a little clearing in the woods, staring at her phone. It was a beautiful day; the sun was shining golden through the trees and a cool breeze stirred the leaves and wafted over the grass, bringing with it the fresh smells and sounds of an early August afternoon. She'd brought her blanket down to the little clearing and laid it out near the stone plaque commemorating some historical event that happened there in 1828, because the plaque had a Pokestop and she wanted to use her last lure module, hoping that she might finally catch a Pikachu. That's what she wanted more than anything in the world! All her friends had a Pikachu, but she didn't, and that was so unfair. 

And now, her last lure module had expired, and all she'd caught was a couple of Pidgey and a Rattata or two, nothing good at all, and there weren't any more Pokemon around. If only I had another lure module! she thought to herself. But she couldn't buy any, not since her mom disabled the credit card on her phone after Rebecca had bought some without permission. So there she sat, staring at the Pokestop on her phone and wishing that someone, anyone, would come by and use a lure module so that she could catch a few more Pokemon. Maybe she would finally get a Pikachu!

Right then a man came walking up with his phone in his hand and spun the Pokestop and gathered up whatever loot it offered him. He paused, flipping his finger over his screen for a moment, and then turned to leave.

Rebecca made a loud sound, like she was clearing her throat. The man turned and looked at her. Obviously he hadn't noticed her before.

"Oh, hello," he stammered, "sorry if... I was just..."

The man was quite fat. In fact, Rebecca thought that he looked remarkably like a Snorlax! Big and round and a little cute, in a "fat Buddha" sort of way. He had short brown hair and greenish eyes that actually made him look handsome, if only he would lose some weight. He was squinting at her like he had gone near-sighted from walking around with his phone in front of his face all day.

She giggled at his stammering, but tried to not act mean about it.

The man, John Rawlings was his name, was wholly enmeshed in his phone when he heard the sound of someone nearby audibly clearing their throat. He had just looted the Pokestop--two Pokeballs, two Great Balls, and another egg--and Hey! There's an Eevee nearby! He needed more Eevee candy, so he was just about to start tracking it, when he heard the person clear their throat. He looked up, embarrassed that he had been so focused on the his phone that he hadn't even noticed that there was anyone around.

What he saw when he looked up just about made him drop his phone. She was beautiful! Curly red hair, a soft freckled face, a slender and beautiful figure. He guessed she was maybe about fourteen or fifteen years old. And she had her phone out! She was playing Pokemon Go, too! In short, she was the girl of his dreams. The girl of his dreams!!!

He stammered something, sounding very stupid, and felt like an idiot right afterwards. But she gave him a sweet smile and a cute giggle. Oh, what a sweet girl!

"Hi!" she said. "Unfortunately, there's aren't any Pokemon around here."

"There's... there's an Eevee around somewhere... I was just going to..."

"Yeah, I looked around for it but it must be a long ways away," the girl said. "You know what would be great, though? If someone would put a lure module out!" She looked at him with beautiful blue eyes. "I'm all out and my mom won't let me buy any more."

John looked down at his phone, and opened his list of items. He only had two lure modules left, and he really didn't want to...

"Maybe you could use a lure module?" she said.

"Me? Well, I've only got two left, and..."

Rebecca batted her eyes seductively at Mr. Snorlax. The way he was looking at her, she just knew she could get him to use one of his lure modules. Maybe even both of them! She just had to be nice to him. She could get guys like him to do anything!

"Well, that's OK," she said. "I'm sure something will spawn here eventually. So what team are you?"

"I'm red," he said, "Team Valor."

"Oh, I'm yellow, Team Instinct. It's too bad we're not on the same team! And what level are you?"

"Twenty-two."

"Wow!"

"Yeah," he said, "I've been playing Pokemon since I was a kid, so I kinda know what I'm doing." Rebecca thought it was cute, how he sounded proud of this. "So what level are you?"

"I'm level seventeen," she answered. She moved over a bit on her blanket, hoping that maybe the man would come sit down next to her.

"Oh, that's really good!" He seemed to notice that she'd moved, and took a hesitating step towards her. "My most powerful Pokemon is a Pidgeot, over seventeen hundred CP. How about you?" 

"Mine is a Vaporeon, sixteen hundred and forty-nine CP." Rebecca kind of looked at the open spot on the blanket next to her, hoping the guy actually was taking the hint. "Wanna see?" She held her phone out. Finally, the guy worked up the nerve to actually sit down next to her.

"Is this OK?" he asked. "I mean, if I sit here for a minute? I'm kinda tired, and..."

"Of course it's OK! Here!" She handed her phone to him.

"Wow!" he said, looking at her screen while he tried to get his huge body comfortable on the blanket. He handed the phone back to her. "Um, I'm... My name's John."

"OK, I'm Rebecca. What's your favorite Pokemon? I love Pikachu of course. And"--she smiled a little--"I also love Snorlax, don't you? He's so cute!"

"Snorlax?" he said. Rebecca wondered if he suspected that she might think he looks like a Snorlax. "Yeah, I guess. I've never caught one."

"Me neither." She looked at the screen of her phone for a second, spinning her character around in the hope that a Pokemon might have appeared unannounced. "Man, I wish someone would come and use a lure module. Maybe then a Snorlax would show up and we could catch it!"

"Yeah..."

"Hey," she asked him, "do your kids play Pokemon Go too?" She figured he was a dad, he looked like he was about 30 or 40 years old or something.

"Oh... I don't real have any kids. I mean..." He looked down at himself. "...women don't really like me, you know? Because I'm so overweight. I haven't even had a girlfriend in--" He stopped mid-sentence. "I'm sorry, you probably don't want to know all this."

"No, that's OK," she said. "It sucks how people can be so judgmental about stupid stuff."

"Yeah," he said, and he smiled at her. "Anyway, it's been a while."

Rebecca looked him in the face. She wondered how long it had been since he'd had sex. Maybe a really long time? Years and years?

"Anyway," he gave her a smile. "I'd love to have children someday, if I ever could."

"So would I," she said.

"Really?" he said back.

"Yeah! I think it would be nice!"

"Oh, me too!" he said.

She gave him a sweet smile. "You seem like you'd make a really good dad. So, it's been a really long time since your last girlfriend?"

"Yeah, it's been like forever," John answered. "My balls are so blue, they look like Great Balls!"

Rebecca giggled.

"Sorry," he said. "That was a really crass joke."

'No! I liked it!" she said back. "And I'm sure you do have great balls!"

"Oh!" She could see his face going red. "Well..."

"Hey, I know you don't want to use any of your lure modules, but... maybe... if you use one, just as a favor for me, maybe I can do a favor for you, too?"

His pretty green eyes practically popped out of their sockets when she said that! "Wha...? Really?" he stammered.

"Yeah. It's been a long time for me, too," she said. "My balls would be as blue as Great Balls, too, if I had any." She giggled.

"Um..." he stammered again.

"It's OK if you don't want to go all the way or anything. I could just give you a hand job, you know?"

"No!" he practically shouted. "I do want to! I do want to go all the way!"

Rebecca grinned big at him. The look on his sweet chubby face was priceless! "OK," she said as she stood up and started unbuttoning her pants, "use your module!"

He was nodding excitedly and his hands were shaking as he activated a lure module. Almost immediately their phones buzzed and they both caught a Pidgey. Then Rebecca kicked her sandals off, dropped her pants and panties to her ankles, and kicked them off, too. Mr. Snorlax fumbled with his belt and then his zipper as Rebecca lay down on the blanket. Eventually he managed to get his pants undone, and pulled them down to his ankles, along with his underwear. 

Oh my god his cock is so huge! Rebecca thought to herself. It was twice as big as any cock she'd ever seen on a boy her age! And his balls definitely weren't blue, although she sure thought they were great! They hung down like three inches below his thick long shaft, swinging in a big reddish sack as he knelt down in front of her.

She spread her legs open and reached down and spread her pussy open, too. 

John stared for a moment at her beautiful pussy. She had the sweetest light red curls of pubic hair, and as she spread her lips open he could see the glistening pink of her vagina. He was in love!

"It's so pink!" he said, still staring at her sex. "It's like a Jigglypuff!"

Rebecca giggled. "Will you use your huge cock to evolve her into a Wigglytuff?"

But she didn't need to ask, he was already laying his big Snorlax-sized body on top of her. 

Right then she heard her phone buzz. "Oh, wait, a Pokemon!" she said. They both picked up their phones. "Oh, it's only a Weedle, oh well." After they'd both caught the Weedle, he reached between her legs and pushed his huge cockhead into her sex.

"Ohhhh," she moaned painfully as he forced his way into her.

"Oh, I'm sorry!" he said. "Does it hurt? I can stop. I can pull out."

"No!" Rebecca hollered back. "Go deeper! It's just, I've never been fucked by a cock as big as yours before. But I want it!"

He started sliding in and out, going deeper into her with each stroke. "Just tell me if you want me to stop!"

"I don't ever want you to stop!" she said.

Her phone buzzed again, and John kept fucking her as they both looked at their screens. "Oh, a Dratini! Cool!" It was a little hard for Rebecca to use a raspberry, since the man's huge body was covering her completely now, but she managed to catch it after a couple of tosses. He caught it as well without missing a beat. 

Rebecca felt stretched wide and so full when his huge cock finally bottomed out inside her, the thick helmet of his head bumping into the mucusy flesh of the back of her vagina. "Oh my god! You're so huge!" she groaned. She could swear he was so deep inside her that he was poking into her cervix, and she'd never felt anything quite like that before.

"And you're so tight!" he groaned right back.

He was fucking her hard now, sliding that giant dick in and out. He could feel his cock starting to tingle, his balls clenching and his shaft stiffening. He was getting close! He'd probably have to pull out soon, or else he'd cum inside her!

Her phone buzzed again and she looked at it. "It's just a Rattata," she said breathlessly, "don't bother! Keep going!"

She didn't need to tell him. It could have been a Gyarados and he wouldn't have stopped at this point!

Right at that moment, Rebecca felt her body falling off the edge into bliss. Her legs started shaking, her mind went numb, and stars started shooting in front of her eyes. She'd never climaxed during sex before, this was brand new for her, and she could tell this was going to be a huge one! "Oh my god!" she shouted out loud. "I'm cumming!"

He was slamming his huge body against her now, smothering her and fucking her harder than she had ever even imagined was possible. "I'm..." he stammered breathlessly, "I'm gonna cum, too!"

She wrapped her shaking quaking legs around his ass. Well, she couldn't really quite get them around it because it was so big, but she did her best. "Come inside!" she shouted as her body exploded in orgasm. "Come inside me! Fill me with your sperm"

"Oh fuck!" he yelled, and she felt the first spurt of his warm cum as he released his manseed deep inside her. "Ohhhhh!"

It seemed like he just kept cumming and cumming, spurt after spurt, until she was completely full and overflowing with his semen. Finally he stopped ejaculating inside her, then sat back, his huge cock leaving her and a torrent of cum flowing out and down her ass.

Her phone buzzed again. They both looked at their screens. "All right!" he said, "another Bellsprout!" After he caught it, he started standing up and pulling his pants up. Rebecca saw that his cock was still hard as a rock, and she was overwhelmed with a desire to have that beautiful huge specimen of manhood inside her again.

"Oh no you don't!" she said. She reached out and pushed him down until he was laying on his back on the blanket, and she climbed onto his huge Snorlax-sized belly, straddling his waist. As she reached back and pushed his massive member into her pussy again, she flicked her thumb over her screen and threw a ball and caught the Bellsprout herself. 

Rebecca's pussy was so open and distended, and cum-lubed and soaking wet, that John's magnificent penis slid right in until he was all the way deep inside her, the ultra sensitive head of his cock enveloped in the very end of her sweet vagina. She rolled her eyes back in their sockets and let out a deep, satisfied moan, and she felt a wave of pleasure course through her sex-hungry body. John put his hands on her cheeks and groaned himself. 

"Oh Rebecca!" he whispered, and he lifted his head until their faces were right in front of each other's and she felt his warm breath. Then she felt his lips make contact with hers. "You're so wonderful! You're so beautiful!" he said after he had kissed her.

"Oh my Snorlax!" She opened her eyes and looked at him. "You're so beautiful, too!" Then she leaned down and kissed him, and they kissed for a very long time as she began pumping on his cock.

While they kissed, John's hands began exploring her body, from her ass up her back and over her ribs to her breasts. When his chubby fingers settled on her tits, she sat up and started unbuttoning her shirt. His sweet green eyes glittered with excitement as he watched her toss the shirt to the side, then reach around her back and unfasten her bra. 

When she pulled it off and revealed her naked breasts to him, John realized had never seen titties as beautiful as these. Firm, round, perfect little handfuls, topped with sweet pink puffball nipples that stood up a half inch above the pale flesh. 

"You're nipples beautiful!" he whispered.

He lifted his hips to slide her forward, and she leaned over and her breasts were in his face. He started licking and kissing and sucking them, and as his mouth found her nipples, waves of pleasure rushed through her body again and she increased the pace of her pumping on his huge thick cock. She could hear him groaning as he rubbed his face into her breasts, and his hands slid down her back now to her ass. He spread her cheeks, then inched his fingers down into her crack and found her little asshole, her sweet rosie anus. She moaned, even more intense waves rolling through her as he fingered her hole, and as she moaned and pumped even more vigorously on his cock, he groaned again. 

"Oh god," he whispered, completely lost in ecstasy.

Rebecca knew he was getting ready to cum again, and there was nothing in the whole world she wanted more right then, than to have him spurt more of his sweet warm cream into her womb! Just the thought of it brought her over the edge and she came, hard and long, shaking and quaking, moaning and squealing.

"Oh Rebecca!" he shouted and his hips bucked and his cock swelled, and he stayed there, right on the edge of an amazing, unbelievable orgasm, until finally blissfully wonderfully heavenly! His cum rifled down his cock and fired into the young girl's pussy.

Rebecca came so hard as his semen filled her womb a second time! She was slamming back and forth on his cock, shaking all over, cuming and cumming. Eventually he was done unloading into her, and then she slowly came down for the euphoric high of orgasm, still sliding on his organ that was now, finally, deflating--spent, emptied, satisfied.

She crawled off of his big belly just as she heard her phone buzz yet again. Cum leaked from her pussy and down her legs as she looked at the screen.

"Oh! Pikachu!" she hollered. "I've never caught a Pikachu!" 

And so Rebecca finally caught a Pikachu... And, she thought to herself with a great big happy grin as she leaned her head on John's soft pillowy belly and watched Pikachu being added to her Pokedex... I also caught my own personal Snorlax today! 

And she snuggled up against his belly and curled into a little ball. "My Meowth," he said, stroking her hair. 

She smiled up at him and gave a little purr. "My Snorlax."

After a few minutes of snuggling, she finally stood up and dressed. Her Snorlax staggered to his feet and pulled his pants up as well.

"This was fun, Snorlax," Rebecca said, putting her hands on his large chest and leaning in and giving him a kiss. "Maybe we can meet up again and you can use another lure module?"

All the poor man could do was nod his head, helpless to control himself. "Of course, Rebecca. Of course!"

"Yay! See you soon then!" she said as she turned to dash away back home. Right then her phone buzzed one last time. "Oh, another Pidgey!" she said, and tossed a ball at it.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!] 
