I am Ramesh want to tell you my story of love with my sister-in-law.
it is a true story.
It was when I was just 18 years old. My bhabi was too young and
smart, her boobs are too big and her gand (butts) were round like
football. I like her gand very much .The story was began when we are
living in chennai, my bhabi name is Kalpana . we where four member in
a home me, my bhabi, my brother and my bhabi son. he was just 1year
old. One day when my brother was not at home, he went out of station
for business purpose for five days. The next day was my school
holiday. That was Sunday. I got up in the morning and got ready to go
out for play with friend and entered in to bhabi's room and ask for
milk, my bhabi was feeding his baby. I usually see bhabi was giving
some thing in anuj mouth but what I did not no, what was that. Anuj
is
my bhabi son. when asked for milk my bhabi said (tum roj kis ka doodh
pite ho ) I did not no why bhabi was asking all this. I said cow's
milk. Bhabi said ajj kise ka piyoge. I told cow ka hi. she said with
a
smile on her face - nahi ajj tum mere doodh piyoge and took her
another boob out and told me to suck it. I said no, then she said it
is very tasty, see anuj is also drinking. Then I went near to her
boobs and taking his nipple in the mouth and start sucking. she asked
me to press her boob so I get more milk. I said ok and start
pressing her big boob. After some time when Anuj fall asleep, she got
up and sat down beside me and then she gave me her nipple in my mouth
again I started sucking it. It was very tasty and sweet. Then my
bhabi kept her hand on my pant and started pressing my lund, it was
erected by her pressing I was enjoying it then, bhabi told me its
enough now go I told bhabi that no I want your milk more it is tasty
then bhabi told if u want it more u have to obey me. I said ok, I
said
that because I liked her hand on my cock Ii drunk some more of her
milk and then I got up then bhabi told me to sit here and then told
me
to do what ever she says. Ii said ok, then she told me to lie down
and
when I laid down, she came near me and started pressing my chest then
my Lund and kissed me on my lips and then she removed all my clothes
one by one. Then she lied down next to me and ordered me to press her
boobs and then her pussy. Then I kissed her on her lips and put my
tongue in her mouth, she also put her tongue in my mouth then she
asked me to take her clothes off I started to take her clothes off.
Firstly took of her saree then when I started removing her jacket she
asked me what is this I told her that this is your shirt she said it
is her blouse, I said ok then I removed her petticoat she again asked
me what is this I did not say anything then she told me it is
petticoat then she started showing her bra this is bra and this is
panty then when we both were naked she told me about her and mine
body
sexy part this is lund for which a women is fan of this and showing
her chute she said this is chute this are boobs this is gand and
informed me that men are fan for all these things. I was amused by
all
these new stuff. She told me that she will play a game with me today,
I said ok. Then she too me on her body and start pressing me and I
also started pressing her then she started sucking my lund. I never
felt anything like that before, it was out of this world. She asked
me
to lick and suck her hairy chute which I started to suck. she was
telling me the bad words and pressing my head into her chute and
screaming oh uh ahhhhpls - do it - suck it - ahh suck all my chute ka
rus - mere jan - mere pati ke bhai apne bhabi ko pyare de kha ja meri
chute ko ahhh uhhuh hhhaha uhuhuh. After that she told me to be in
the
position of 69 - I asked how ? she turned around my lund and her
chute is on my mouth I started licking and sucking her chute. she too
was sucking my lund. We both were moaning like a dog uh ahh bhabi ahh
raja mere jaan ohht then bhabi told me to put my lund in her chute. I
had no idea what she was talking about. She grabbed my lund and put
it
in and then told me to be up and down I started the same way then
after 20 minute I feel to go toilet I asked bhabi I want to go to
toilet she told me to do inside of her chute I do not no that it was
my cum that time after giving all my cum in to the bhabi chute she
told that it is not your pee it is cum in your bhabi chute and then
said that u know the name of this game I said no then she told ise
chodan kahate hain tum ne ajj apani bhabi ko choda hai tum jab bade
hoge apani biwi ko chodo ge jaise muje choda hai . Then told me that
u
should not tell any body about this game between u and me otherwise I
will not allow u to play again with me, I agreed that I will not tell
any body then I told her meri bhabi darling u don't know I use to
steal ur pantys and smell e time and ur bras she said oh ur naughty
then she showed me a book of nude pic in which there were one women
and three man and in other pic I saw one man and two women after that
many pic I seen in that book in one of the pic I seen that a man is
putting his lund in the ass hole I ask bhabi she said tum bhi gand
marna chate ho I said yes then she again undressed me and herself and
started kissing my cock and my ass then I also kissed her ass hole
and
then she bring some cream and apply it on her ass hole and my lund
and told me this is my first experience of fucking ass ok do it I put
my lund in her gand then started fucking her and by one hand I press
her big boobs making direction on her mouth so her milk fall on her
mouth and the other hand is on her cunt rubbing her cunt and putting
finger in his cunt after some shot I started moaning oh bhasbi iii oh
uh I am cumming in ur gand ahh bhabi also started moaning ahh aja mer
jan ahh umm oh then I filled his gand with my cum. after that I have
fucked her cunt and gand many more time. when ever I got time. once
my
cousin came to over house and seen me fucking bhabi and black mail me
to fuck her and I was ready for the new chute of my cousin.
