Hi girls iam Fahmina, My Uncle IRSHAD was a gymnast in high school, and then went out for gymnastics in college. He was really into keeping his body in shape, and I must admit that he looked pretty good. He was visiting our place for one week, He talked me into going through some gymnastics exercises with him. I enjoyed that. I especially enjoyed the fact that he didn't wear any shorts under his tight-fitting sweats.

Irshd Uncle was married to my Aunt Shahnaz . He had been married for a short time, but his wife, Shahnazaunty, had said that she just didn't like being married to a man who was so sexually active. I wondered if she just didn't like sex or whether IrshadUncle was insatiable. I was willing to find out, just for my own knowledge, if you get my meaning. I have so many times Irshad uncle touching my mom in kitchen here and there touching his hardon on my moms ass while talking to her rubbing his dick on my moms ass , i was having dought before my mom Shameem and Irshad uncle having something ,wen ever dad wasout Irshad uncle always close to my mom one time i listen uncle telling mom meri jan Shammu sali to adhi ghar wali hoti hai mom laughed. MAIN CHORI CHORI SE UNCLE AUR AMMI KO DEKTHI THI AUR MERA DIL MACHALTA THA IRSHAD KA LUND ON DEKKAR . first time I exercised with him, he had me lying on the floor, spreading my legs wide as he watched. I looked at the bulge in his tights. It was damned obvious to me that he wasn't wearing anything under those tights but his skin, and he was getting a hard-on from watching me. I was getting pretty hot myself, watching his cock grow in his tights like that. At first, it just seemed to grow a little, getting a little longer and fatter. Then, it stuck over to the side, the head completely visible and distinct. I was glad there was no one else at his house. Otherwise, they would have seen the big, juicy wet spot in the crotch of my tights. When his cock made it to the point of being fully erect, which it was as I was spreading my legs wider and wider, it stuck up to the side, nearly moving the elastic band of his tights away from his body. I had to excuse myself. I went to the bathroom and pulled down my tights and spread my legs wide. I touched my clit once, twice -- and came, my body jerking all over the stool. I pulled up my tights and went back to the patio, where Uncle was lying on the mat, doing leg rises. With every leg rise, his cock rubbed against his thighs, lifting the band of his tights away from his body. From my angle, I could see the side of the head of his cock, purple and engorge with blood, nestled among his pubic hairs. There was a wet spot on his gray tights, right where the head of his fat cock had been. I took a deep breath. I knew that my face was flushed red from my masturbating. "God, what a sight," I whispered. He turned and looked at me. He sighed heavily and moved over on the mat, and I sat beside him. I couldn't stand it anymore. I reached over and ran my finger down the length of his hard dick, and he closed he eyes briefly and took a deep breath. I pressed harder, and he moaned and looked at me. "If you knew how good that felt, you'd never stop," he moaned, MERI JAN FAHMU AHISTA AHISTA BABY MAZA LENE DAY, UFF FAHMU MY DREAM NIECE AAJ APNE UNCLE KO KHUSH KARDEJAN MERI. "I think I do," I said. I leaned over as he sat there, and pressed my lips against the bulge in his tights, moving up and down the hard, hidden shaft of his cock with my lips. I made my own wet spot against his gray tights, and as they became wetter, I could see through the thin material. I tugged at the band to his tights, and got them part of the way down. It pulled at his dick as I tugged them down, and it pointed straight downward. As he lifted his ass off the mat, I tugged really hard, jerking the tights down to his knees. His cock shot up and actually made a slapping sound as it hit him in the belly. I wasted no time at all. I pushed him down, to where his back was on the mat. His cock and balls free from the material, I got a good look at what had been causing such an enormous bulge. His cock was fat -- really fat, but not so enormously long. His balls were what were so large. They had pressed his cock outward the whole time. I reached down and felt of his big, nearly hairless balls, and he moaned in pleasure. His balls were heavy, and the sac holding them was pulled downward by the weight of them, adding to the wrinkles in the big fleshy sac. I put my head on his stomach, my lips inches from the giant, purple head of his cock. It throbbed as it lay there, looking like a one-eyed snake, bobbing up and down greeting my lips. I flicked out my tongue, touching the very tip of it, and tasted the glistening drop of cum that lay there. I moved my mouth down, opening wide, taking the whole thing in my mouth at once, loving the taste and the feel of his hard cock in my mouth. Irshad uncle was shouting uff chosle meri jan meri fahmy peeja uncle karas uff janu suck it suck it like hell meri fahmu.

I then moved my mouth off the head, amidst his protests, and ran my tongue down the shaft to his balls. I licked at his big balls, hefting them with my fingers. I sucked one of them into my mouth and ran my tongue around and around his big orb, and then did the same to the other one. Then, I was back to the head of his dick again. I moved my mouth down on it, feeling it probe the back of my hungry mouth. I stroked him as I sucked, and his knees began to shake. I stopped and stood, looking down at him. I pulled my tights off, and he stared wide-eyed at my hairy, wet cunt. I straddled him and lowered myself onto his throbbing cock, and I was so wet, it slid in with ease. Soon, I was resting on his balls, his fat dick all the way in. I moved up and down once, twice, and came again, just like that. He moaned, and I felt his cock jerk inside me, and my insides were flooded with cum, hot juicy spunk that filled my insides and flowed out around his cock. He squirted time and again, and I came with the feeling of his jerking, hot dick deep inside me. I sat there atop him, looking down into his eyes. He looked at me, and reached up and touched my tits gently, lovingly, UNCLE SUCKING MY BREAST AND SHOUTING OH YES FAHMINA JAN SO SWEET BALLS BETTER THAN URMOM UFFF. Uncle put me dowm and start sucking my pussy from the down uff what a taste it was uncle now was on me spread my legs and Irshad uncle slammed his huge cock into my pussy oh maaaaaaa it was all inside and and huge cum gallons of juices inside me . We tried all kinds of exercises that afternoon, and I wouldn't give up exercising with him for anything. Not now. I figured out that I would need a lot more information before coming to a conclusion about AUNTY'S complaint. But, I think that, maybe, he is oversexed. But then, what's wrong with that? uncle ki fahmu * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *any one wants their neice or virgin sister to suck and fuck by my uncles cock e mail my uncle.
L