https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

       Chapter 3: A New Life and New Wives
       
       Tom dropped onto the couch with an audible sigh of relief. He looked around the living room of his new home. With the addition of Carol and her three girls and Andrea and her two girls, the old house was no longer big enough. After the investigation was completed, they immediately put the old house on the market along with Bubbas small two bedroom and Charless condo. Combining the assets that Bubba had saved over the years and the limited assets that Charles had, with his own had placed Tom and his new extended family in a rather comfortable life style. He sold all three homes and Charless Benz and Both of Bubbas trucks. Tom also sold all of Bubbas stocks, it turned out that, for a complete pile of redneck shit, Bubba had a good mind for finances and stocks. After the liquidation of the assets Tom had almost six million dollars in various accounts. Unfortunately he had to juggle the funds between the two trusts and his own personal accounts. According to the wording of the trusts, they could not be liquidated and absolved into his own accounts or into another trust for five years.

       	Carol dropped onto the couch beside him. She laid he head against his arm and rested her hand on his chest. Thank you Tom, for everything. I never thought I would ever be happy again. These last few months have been wonderful, and I cant thank you enough.

       Well I can think of a way you can thank him dear. Alex joked as she came into the living room carrying a box of dishes destined for the kitchen.

       Carol blushed as she buried her face into Toms arm in embarrassment. He gently ran his fingers through her golden hair and reassured her that she did not need to do anything she did not want to do. Carefully he disentangled himself from her with a sigh. Breaks over, the boxes are not going to move themselves. He replied as he rose from the couch and headed for the door. Feel free to rest a bit Carol, You and the girls worked hard last night packing up the last of those boxes.

       He stopped short just as he was rounding the couch for the front door. Andrea had set down the box she was carrying and was standing in front of him with her hands on her hips. I too can think of a good way to thank you. She said as she grabbed a hold on the front of his shirt and pulled him into her arms, kissing him passionately as she ran her fingers through his hair. 

       Their kiss was broken up by the groaning complaint of Andreas oldest daughter. Mom, please have some decency. Kelly complained as she tried to carry her load past them without actually looking at them.

       You better get used to it sweaty, Andrea replied. We are living here now and Tom and I are lovers.
       Grosse! The girl screeched as she made a dash for the kitchen.

       Tom wasnt so sure about the lovers part, but all three families were living in the same house. So far in the past five months since Bubba and Charless deaths, he and Andrea had only kissed a few times and todays had been the most passionate, and the most Carol had been willing to do was snuggle with him on a couch from time to time. Alex was the willing recipient of all the sexual tension that had been built up over the course of each day. However if Andrea was ready to move the relationship to a new level she would not be hearing any complaints from Alex or Tom. As a matter of fact Alex has been the most vocal about Tom having sex with the two new women in their lives. Dropping hints, like the earlier one, from time to time and blatantly asking Tom each night when he was going to fuck his other two wives, as she put it.

       Tom and his new extended family managed to get the last of the boxes from Carols house unloaded and the rental truck returned before dinnertime and they all were able to sit together for diner as a whole for the first time. Tom looked around the table at his new extended family. Alex sat to his right with Abby next to her in her high chair, the young girl was giggling away, of all the members she seemed to enjoy the new living arrangements the most, she got two new mommies to answer to her every need and five new sisters to play with. Next to them sat Andreas two daughters Kim and Kelly and Andrea sat at the end of the table facing Tom. To Toms left sat Carol and then her three girls Ashley, Anna and then Amy. Everyone was talking and enjoying each others company except for Kelly and Amy who kept stealing glances at Tom as if they were waiting for him to do something wrong.

       For his part Tom did his best to ignore the stares of the two oldest girls, however it was not long before Alex and Carol noticed the exchange of glances. Alex gently took Toms hand in hers while Carol simply turned red and stared at her plate as if waiting for Tom to start yelling. Honey, it is ok, it will probably be a while before they adjust to their new life. Just be yourself and they will come around eventually. Alex whispered to Tom.

       Tom nodded to his wife and did his best to join in on the conversation. He asked Carol and Andrea about the day and gave complements to everyone on how hard they worked. He kept his voice pleasant and tried his best to smile.

       Later that evening as Tom was settling in his favorite chair to read a book he noticed Amy and Kelly entering the room. Both girls were dressed for bed, but approached him with a purpose. He set down his book and gave the two pretty young girls his undivided attention. Yes? he asked pleasantly as they stood in front of him with their hands on their hips.

       It was Kelly who spoke first. What do you want? She asked he voice a mixture of anger and fear.

       Tom looked puzzled at the question. What do you mean? I do not understand your question.

       The two girls looked at each other and then back at Tom, this time it was Amy who spoke. What do you want from us? Daddy and Uncle Charles were never nice to us or our moms unless they wanted something. Usually it involved something we did not want to do or give. So we want to know what is it you want us to do. You are being too nice.

       Tom shrugged I dont want anything other than you, your mothers and your sisters to be happy. I dont want anything you dont want to give. I will be happy to have you both live here and help you both grow into the wonderful beautiful young women I know you can be. Or if that is too much, then I will be happy just to provide you with a place you can call home free of the violence and fear you were used to. Not everyone is like your fathers were. What they did to you and your mothers was wrong and no one should ever have to go through that. I know it will take time for you to believe or even trust me, and I will be a very happy man the day I can see the two of you smile like Abby and your sisters do. To be honest I dont want anything from either one of you other then you to be good girls and listen to Alex and your mothers and hopefully one day even listen to me.

       Why should we listen to you, youre not our dad. Kelly retorted.

       No I am not your dad. Tom replied with a frown. I wont yell and scream at you, though I may raise my voice from time to time. I wont hit you, or your mothers. I wont try and pick up on your friends, and I will not try and do anything with you, your sisters or your mothers that you and they are not willing to do. I wont force you to do anything you dont want to, unless I feel it is something that must be done for your or another member of this families wellbeing or safety. I promise you that if I have any issues with anything you do or any rules I wish implemented or enforced I will bring it up to your mothers and let them handle it. Nothing will come directly from me until you are willing to accept me as the head of this house.

       The two girls looked at each other and then at Tom. Whats the angle? Amy asked My dad always said no one did anything nice for anyone without getting something in return.

       Tom nodded. He had a good point; most of the time when people do nice things it is to get something in return. The only thing I want in return for not pushing myself onto you as the head of the house is that you be on your best behavior, mind your mothers, get along with your sisters and my daughter and try your best in school. I am not doing any of this because I want something from anyone. Yes I did get a better life out of it, but that is not why I did it. I did it because your mothers were hurting and the two men that your fathers had arranged to take their place were not right for you or the rest of your family. I have a feeling they would have been worse than your fathers. When they looked at you two they did not see daughters, or little girls. They saw you as something they could use and would have taken your innocence away. Lets make a deal, you two be good and give me a chance to show you who I am, and I promise to give you both your space and a chance to show me who you are no strings attached.

       Tom leaned forward and extended his hand. Amy and Kelly looked at each other one more time nodded and then looked back at Tom. Bothe girls smiled for the first time in months and then took a turn shaking his hand. Deal. Kelly replied as she shook Toms hand. But if you do anything to hurt us, our moms or our sisters, I will kick you in your balls.

       Tom nodded and smiled. I think I can live with that, If I do then I deserve it.

       Both girls giggled like the ten year olds they were. Gnight Mr. Reynolds. Amy said as the two girls ran from the living room to their new bedrooms.

       Carol and Andrea walked into the room as the two young girls ran from the room giggling. Carol watched them as they ran down the hall and up the stairs to their rooms and Andrea stared at Tom with a grin on her face. That was the first time I have ever heard either one of them giggle like that in years. Andrea said as she headed towards Tom.

       Carol nodded as she took a seat on the couch and picked up a crocheting needle. Yes, it has been a long time. Tom you are a miracle worker.

       Tom shrugged. No miracle, I simply explained things to them and made them a simple deal.

       Oh and what deal was that? Andrea asked as she picked up Toms book, set it on the end table and climbed into his lap facing him.

       That I would not push myself on them, their sisters or you in any way, if they gave me a chance to show them how I am not like their fathers. Tom Replied as he rested his hands on Andreas legs. That and if I ever did anything to heart any of you the can kick me in my balls, that was Kellys Idea.

       Andrea and carol both laughed at the last remark as Andrea settled herself on Toms lap and leaned forward over his face her lips inches from his and her long red hair hanging down to conceal their faces. Kelly was only four when Bubba showed up in our lives, so she has some memories of what our family life was like before. Charles was not always the jack ass he became, he was a good father once.

       Tom nodded as he looked up into Andreas eyes. I am sure he was, I am sorry about what happened.

       Dont be, it was not your fault and now you are helping fix it. Now as to that thank you that I promised that was interrupted by my oldest earlier. She purred as he lips touched his.

       Andreas mouth opened as soon as her lips touched Toms, as her tongue touched the edge of his lips his mouth opened granting her access. Their tongues danced together as Toms arms wrapped around Andreas back bulling her into his embrace. Andrea broke the kiss to nibble on Toms ear as she ground her crotch into his. Oh my god I am so horny. Its been over five months since I have had sex and years since I have had good sex. Alex has told me how good you are, please I need it now. She whispered in his ear.

       Toms response to Andreas request was to slip his hands down her back onto her ass and to pull her tighter into his groin. What about the girls. He whispered as Andrea continued to grind her crotch into his and rub her breast against his chest.

       Alex is taking care of them, getting them all in bed so we can have our private time. She moaned into his ear.

       Tom Squeezed Andreas ass as his fingers slip under her skirt and caressed her panties. Lets go to your room then. He replied as he continued to kneed her ass cheeks and run his fingertips through her ass crack.

       Andrea climbed off his lap, her face flush and panting with desire. She smiled as Tom rose from his chair, his erection tenting out the bottoms of his sweat pants. Tom glanced over at Carol whose face was bright red as she stared at her needlework making a point of trying to ignore them.

       The pair walked hand in hand to Andreas room on the first floor. As soon as the door was closed Andrea was on Tom once more. Kissing him passionately as her fingers reached into his sweats and pulled out his hard cock. Oh, nice, I love it. She purred as she lead him to the bed, pushed him  down onto it and then knelt in front of him taking his cock into her mouth. She moaned around his cock as she savored its flavor and texture for a few seconds before sliding her mouth and lips down the shaft and buried her nose in his crotch.

       Tom laid back on the bed and enjoyed the sensation of Andreas lips and tongue working on his cock. Alex did not give blowjobs very often, they reminded her too much of their parents parties. Andrea on the other hand was quite into it, she took his cock into her mouth and down her throat with experienced ease and it was not long before she was swallowing his seed for the first time. Oh my god you taste so good. She moaned as she lifted her mouth from his still hard cock. Please fuck me.

       Tom rose from the bed as he kicked off his sweat pants and underwear. Not so fast, it is my turn. He said as he pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it beside his sweats.

       He then turned towards Andrea and began undressing her. He did so slowly and gently, kissing and licking on each part of her body as it was exposed by the shedded clothing. He took extra special care and time with each of her breasts, sucking the nipple into his mouth and licking on it with his tongue. Andrea held his head to her breasts letting out moans of ecstasy as Tom continued to lavish them with his undivided attention.  
       She let out a disappointed moan as he stopped suckling on her breasts and pushed her onto the bed. He slowly and carefully removed her panties, licking down one thigh. As he removed her panties and dropped then to the floor he gazed at her pussy for the first time. It was exquisite, she was shaved bald and her mons were tight and swollen with arousal. Tom could smell her musk and he could not wait to taste her. Andrea let out another moan as Tom licked his way back up her other leg and thigh and then buried his face and tongue into her hot dripping pussy.

       Tom enjoyed the flavor of her cunt as his tongue buried itself deeply within her. He was surprised by how tight her pussy was, considering how big Bubba was, Tom was sure she would have been stretched out over the years. As he rose from her delicious pussy to stare into her lovely eyes Andrea gave a girlish giggle and bit her lip. I like to exercise it to keep it tight. Especially after you showed up, I wanted our first time to be the best.

       Tom simply smiled You taste delicious. He replied as he once again buried his face into her pussy.

       Andrea threw her head back and screamed out her first orgasm of the night as Tom worked her pussy with his tongue. Oh, god that feels so good, no one has ever eaten me out like this before!!!

       Tom continued to enjoy Andreas pussy, alternating between sucking on her now fully aroused clit and burying his tongue into her cunt. After bringing her to two more orgasms with just his tongue and hearing Andrea repeatedly begging for him to fuck her, Tom finally took mercy on the woman and rose from her crotch and climber over her on the bed. As Tom climbed onto the bed Andrea slowly inched backwards to get into a better position for the two of them to finally fuck. Please Tom, I need it, Please fuck me now. She growled as she felt the tip of Toms cock touch the entrance to her dripping pussy.

       With a grunt to satisfaction Tom pushed his cock into Andreas pussy, it was tight at first and it took a few strokes to get her loosened up enough and his cock lubed up enough, but they both let out moans as his cock was finally buried within her. Tom waited a few seconds for his cock and her cunt to get used to each other before he began to slowly and affectionately make love to her. He loved the sound of the beautiful woman beneath him, moaning in pleasure as his cock fucked her tight pussy. He picked up the pass with each stroke and she began to rock her hips to enhance her pleasure and to push him deeper into her. It was not long before he was fucking her as hard as he could. Andreas hips left the bed with every stroke and she screamed for him to fuck her harder. 

       Her pussy suddenly started milking his cock as her body was rocked with orgasm after orgasm one right after another almost with every stroke. Oh my god! Oh my God! Yes fuck me, Oh my God! Fuck cum in me you fucking stud, Oh my Fucking God!!! She screamed as her cunt contracted repeatedly, attempting to milk his cock. 

       Tom pushed his cock into Andrea one final time as he felt his balls unload into her womb as Andrea continued to milk his cock as her body was rocked with orgasm after orgasm. He fell beside her as he rolled her on top of him, his cock still buried deep in her pussy. She paid against him her head resting on his chest and she panted and continued to rock her hips against his cock.

       Tom was surprised to discover that his cock was still erect within her as Andrea continued to rock her hips. He helped her to a sitting position and then leaned up to take one of her breasts into his mouth as she began to fuck his cock once more. Oh my, oh God yes. She moaned as he licked first one nipple and then the other.

       Andrea fucked herself on his cock as she felt her body rising again to another series of orgasms. She could not get enough of his cock and new that she was addicted to sex with him forever. She threw her head back as another orgasm struck her, and let out a primal scream of pleasure as she rose herself almost all the way off his cock and then back down until he was buried fully within her once more. Her body was once again rocked with orgasm after orgasm with each stroke she took of Toms cock. Andrea continued to ride toms cock for almost fifteen minutes experiencing one orgasm after another. Yes, Yes. Fuck me, Fuck meeee! She screamed one last time as Tom once again filled her womb with his seed and she collapsed against him panting and unconscious.

       Tom rolled over onto his side and lowered Andrea gently to the bed, his cock was still buried within her and rock hard. He fell asleep snuggled up to her with the warm feeling of his cock within her folds. Several times in the night Tom woke up to the feeling of Andrea fucking herself against his cock. Each time he would give her what she needed until he once again filled her with his cum and then would drift off to sleep. Tom lost count of the number of times they fucked that night, but his and Andreas relationship changed significantly after that.

       Tom woke up the next morning to the feeling of Andrea ridding his cock. He opened his eyes and smiled at his new lover as she bounced on his shaft screaming and moaning in pleasure. Yes! God that feels so good! Yes, fuck me! Oh my God! Fuck me master!. The yelled as she began to spasm through several more orgasms.

       Tom came inside her once more, however his cock was quite worn out and not much semen remained in his balls. Andrea collapsed against him panting and expressing her love for him. That was amazing; I have never come so many times in one night master.

       Tom ran his fingers through her hair as he felt his cock still hard within her twitching in an attempt to poor more cum within her body. He rolled her over and kissed her gently. We have to get cleaned up and we are definitely going to need to clean the bedding, between our multiple fuck sessions things have gotten pretty messy.

       Andrea simply smiled and then hopped out of the bed naked and headed for the bathroom that was shared by the two downstairs rooms. Tom watched her as she walked and noticed several steams of his cum sliding down her legs. He climbed out of the bed and followed her into the bathroom. Andrea was bent over testing the water temperature and Tom felt his aching cock once again rising at the sight of her lovely ass.

       As he slid up behind her and rubbed his cock against her ass the door on the other side of the bathroom opened up and Carol walked in in a see-through light blue nightie and lacy white bra and panties underneath. She stopped short as she saw Tom and Andrea. She turned beat red and quickly apologized with a squeak as she jumped back into her room and closed the door.

       Andrea looked back at Tom as she continued to test the water temperature. Dont worry master I am sure she will come around soon and you will get to burry that wonderful cock of yours into her tight cunt. She has a really pretty cunt, it is tighter than mine, Bubba did not fuck her much after Ashley was born and he got to start fucking me. He said she was too tight and she hurt his cock. She said as she rubbed her ass against his hard cock.

       Tom stared at the closed door enjoying the sensation of his cock head rubbing between Andreas ass cheeks and against her rose bud. Suddenly it donned on him that Andrea had been referring to him as master. He looked at her as she rocked her ass against his cock head. Why do you keep calling me master? He asked.

       Andrea grinned as she turned the shower on and the grasped the edge of the tub, pushing her ass harder against Toms cock head. Because that is what you are. That sex as so good last night that I cannot get enough of your cock, I am your sex slave, youre my master. I will do anything you want, anything at all just keep fucking me with that wonderful cock of yours. She said as she felt the head of his cock slip into her ass.

       Tom groaned as he felt his cock push into Andreas ass. He felt his hips instinctively moving to push more of his cock into her as she pushed her ass back against his cock. His cock was still sore from all the fucking last night but the feel of her tight ass was too good to resist. Have you ever done this before? he asked as he felt his cock slip a little further into her ass.

       No master, this is my first time. But it was obvious you wanted it so It is yours. She replied as she continued to rock herself on his cock. He slipped a little further into her with each stroke. It hurts a little, but it feels good too. Please master fuck my ass, take my anal cherry.

       Tom pulled Andrea to a standing position with the tip of his cock still buried into her ass as he guided her into the shower. As the water rolled over them he felt his sore muscles begin to relax as Andrea once again bent over and pressed herself to the wall of the shower. The water provided quite a bit of lubricant and Tom felt more of his cock slip into Andreas ass with each stroke. Andrea hissed a few times and the tightness of her ass caused his cock to lose some of hits hardness. After a few more strokes pushing past the pain Tom felt his cock slip the rest of the way into Andreas ass and he started fucking her. Each stroke brought new waves of pleasure through both of them and they both new that they were hooked on anal sex. Tom was not sure if he could get Alex to go for this but with Andrea he knew he would have a willing partner any time he wanted a tight piece of ass.

       They fucked in the shower for a while Tom relishing the feel of his cock as it slid in and out of Andreas tight ass. Andreas pants and moans gained in intensity as the pain of her ass being fucked for the first time was replaced by the pleasure. And it was not long before Tom felt his overworked balls once more trying to push what little cum remained in his body into Andrea. As he started to cum Andrea tossed her head back and once again screamed in orgasm.

       As the two stood in the shower catching their breath with Toms shrinking and overused cock still buried in Andreas ass they heard a knock on the door and a small quiet voice. Are you two almost done, I need to pee.

       Tom and Andrea both laughed as Andrea pulled the shower curtain closed. Its ok Carol the curtain is closed and we are done fucking, you can come in and pee, we wont bother you I promise.

       Tom heard the bathroom door open as he and Andrea stood in the shower. He did not dare move to pull his deflating cock from Andrea for fear of eliciting a moan from one of them and embarrassing poor Carol. I could hear you two all night. God you drove me crazy, Andrea you are way to fucking lowed, how your girls never found out that bubba was fucking you Ill never understand. Carol said from the other side of the curtain.

       Andrea laughed and the feel of her body moving against your cock caused it to raise once more into her ass and almost illicit a moan from both of you. Bubba was never that good, I just laid there and put up with it, he never ever tried to give me any pleasure, and you should know that.

       Tom heard Carol peeing into the toilet as she replied. He was different when we first met. He did try then and for the first five years of our marriage, he got off on how often he could make me orgasm. I have no idea how he was lately as he had not slept with me in about five years.

       Tom grunted as he felt Andrea pushing herself against his once again hard cock as it slipped deeper into her ass. Angela, stop it. Tom whispered.

       Andrea looked back at Tom with a pout but stopped pushing as soon as her ass cheeks brushed his hips. Yes master. She whispered.

       Tom stood in the shower fighting the urge to move his hips as his cock sat buried to the hilt in Andreas exquisitely tight ass. He could hear Carol trying to make conversation as she finished up with her morning routine and started washing her hands. Andrea responded to Carol, but Tom had trouble making it out until her heard Carol exclaim. He is fucking your ass right now! as the shower curtain was pulled aside.

       Tom stared into Carols beautiful blue eyes as he stood there with his hard cock buried in Andreas ass and his hands wrapped around her hips. Oh my, Gasped Carol as she brought her hand to her mouth and began to turn red. Thats so hot!


https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus
