Tough Girl Triathlon
TrackJim

Modern Sporting Nudes
July 15, 2008 

Erotic Sports Programming Channel Sponsoring Tough Girl Challenge

ESPCs latest entry into the blossoming adult sports market is similar to FXs 
Toughman concept. Regional contestants compete for the local title before 
progressing on to a national competition. ESPCs wrinkle is that women compete 
in a three-event race. The three events are a 10K-bicycle race, a 400M swim 
and a 5K foot race to the finish. Ten cities will host the competitions over 
the next three months before a national competition. Each event will be taped 
for delayed broadcast the next weekend. The organizers are very tight lipped 
over the adult nature of the competition, but the hype is that there will be 
ample opportunities for the appreciation of exposed feminine flesh. 
-----------------------

Kimberly

Kimberly had always been a tomboy. As a child she played baseball as well as 
any of the boys. She had been treated as one of them, at least until she 
turned 14. As a freshman in high school her chest had started to transform 
from tiny mounds to magnificent firm breasts. She still liked to play the 
games, but the boys just seemed unable to treat her the same. She had taken to 
more solitary methods of keeping in shape. By jogging and bicycling countless 
miles on her own, her figure was firm and fit. 

Now a sophomore in community college Kimberly had taken a dare from several of 
her friends to compete in the ToughGirl events. She had even taken to working 
out in all the events separately, but she had not done them back-to-back. She 
knew she did not have to worry about what to wear, the ToughGirl coordinators 
promised they would have uniforms for all the contestants. 

ESPCs Board Room

Are you sure we can get away with this legally? asked G. T. Honer. 

The contestants in the first four cities have all signed the contracts and 
release forms. We’ve had the best lawyers make sure there are no loopholes 
when all the fine print is examined. The women will have to compete or they 
can be sued for breach of contract. Besides the only evidence of our actions 
will have dissolved by the time the girls realize they have a problem. Philip 
Wendell Worthington the Third sat back and smiled after delivering his 
assurances. 
-----------------------

Kimberly arrived at the park where the competitors were to meet. A huge tent 
had been set up behind the coordinators table. Kimberly was one of the first 
to sign in. She was given a sealed brown paper bag that contained her uniform 
for the race. She entered the tent to find an area with metal lockers and wood 
benches. Kimberly moved to a bench, sat and tore open the paper bag to check 
her uniform. She was shocked to find only a pair of red spandex shorts and 
black tube top. 

Kimberly thoughts swirled in her head. I cant run in these. Ill bounce out 
of the top in no time. The shorts aren’t even lined. A blush appeared on her 
face. The corners of her mouth turned up in spite of her shock as she realized 
how sexy she would look in the uniform. She heard gasps from other young women 
behind her. Well, I should at least try on the uniform. 

Kimberly stripped off her clothes and placed them in her locker. She placed 
her own combination lock through the latch. It took her only a few moments to 
pull the tight shorts up her lean legs and over her hips. She looked down to 
see that the spandex left little to imagination, as the outline of her lips 
was visible through the really skintight material. She ran a hand between her 
legs to check the seams and felt a tingle. In the privacy of her apartment she 
would have taken delight in turning that tingle into sometime much more. 

Not now, not here she whispered to herself. 

Kimberly held her arms above her head and pulled the tube town down them. She 
had some trouble getting it over her shoulders, but finally situated it over 
her breasts. Her firm breasts bulged above and below the thin strip of 
material and it took her several minutes trying to get more coverage and 
support before finally giving up. Though not satisfied with the top she pulled 
on her shoes and socks and let the tent. 

Kimberly selected one of the standard bicycles that had been provided for the 
race. She adjusted the height of the seat so the she could best reach the 
pedals. A few quick loops of the parking lot assured her she had everything 
adjusted properly on the bike. As she climbed off the bike she felt her right 
breast pushed upward by the tight top. She looked down to she her entire right 
nipple exposed. She quickly rearranged the top and herself. It was going to be 
a constant challenge to keep her nipples inside the top. She took her place at 
the starting line and waiting for the race to start. 

--

Kimberly got off to a good start and stayed near the front of the pack. She 
felt she would have been in the lead if she were not constantly adjusting her 
top. A skinny girl seemed to be slowly pulling ahead and it took little to see 
why the girls top was around her waist. Kimberly also saw that the girls 
shorts had become a second skin over her sweaty posterior. Kimberly felt her 
own shorts grow tighter and tighter and was sure she too was showing her own 
rear contours as well. 

Kimberly was satisfied with her biking as she reached the change over line 
near the lake. A race assistant took her bike as she dismounted and ran the 
few steps toward the waist deep water and kicking off her shoes and socks. She 
drove forward and swam as hard as she could. The cool water felt refreshing as 
her sweat was rinsed from her body. She felt the damn top slip down to her 
waist but decided to ignore it. She was swimming breast down. She failed to 
notice as the seams of the tube top part and the material drift away. 

Kimberly actually gained on the leader but the distance was wearing her out. 
Kimberly felt her heart pounding in her water-clogged ears. By the time she 
reached the water edge she was only a few feet behind the skinny race leader. 
Kimberly realized for the first time she would have to run barefooted, but the 
running part of the race was on packed sand. She planned to occasionally run 
through the water. The cool water would help refresh her and soothe her feet, 
but she frowned as she saw the designated course ran though the crowd. The 
track was only about ten feet wide and the spectators made a solid wall on 
both sides. 

It was only now that she noticed that the skinny girl was running topless
her top was gone. As Kimberly emerged from the water she reached down to pull 
her own top up to her chest that she noticed it too was absent. She looked 
back but saw nothing floating in the water. In a panic she tore out after the 
leader who was pulling away. Kimberly was trying to run with her arms across 
her chest, but that was only slowing her down. She finally started pumping her 
arms at her sides and was slowly gaining on the leader. 

Kimberly was only about 1 kilometer into the 5 K running course when she 
noticed her shorts loosen. She pulled her hands to her sides to find that the 
seam down her outer right thigh was splitting apart. She grabbed the two sides 
of the split in her right hand and continued to run. The girl in front of her 
suddenly stopped when her shorts burst from her body. Even with her right hand 
holding the her own shorts together, Kimberly ran passed the naked former 
leader. She did not see the skinny nude try to dive into the crowds along the 
sides of the track. Cheers and applause erupted from crowd as hands pushed her 
back onto the track. No one moved aside and she was trapped and exposed on the 
track. In desperation she tore out in pursuit of Kimberly. 

Kimberly, unaware of the naked running girl behind her, thought the audience 
reaction was for her. Running topless was not too bad if she could win the 
race, but she was used to running with a jogging bra. The bouncing of her 
breasts brought a mild throb between her legs that was not her normal reaction 
to jogging. If only her shorts had not split she would be able to really tear 
along the track. Things were about to get worse, much worse. 

Kimberlys shorts had remained tight at the crotch even with the right side 
splitting open. She immediately noticed that the tightness there faded. She 
was hoping that the shorts were stretching when suddenly the crotch seam burst 
open. Her tight shorts were now a skirt far too short to serve any purpose, 
but Kimberly stopped and tried pull the material back together. Under the 
wide-eyed stares of the spectator lining the course, Kimberly squatted as she 
tried to pull the multiple splitting seams together. The seam that ran up 
between her ass checks was unable to stand the strain of her efforts and burst 
apart like and exploding balloon. There was no way for Kimberly to turn 
without mooning a part of the crowd. 

In desperation she tried to get into the crowd on the south side of the track, 
but found the people packed together as tight as an impenetrable wall. She 
stumbled to the opposite side of the track only to find no escape there 
either. She suddenly realized why the skinny girl had run by her. The only 
exit was at the end of the course almost four kilometers away. 

Kimberly stood and with quivering legs, ran as quickly as possible down the 
track towards the finish line. 

Behind Kimberly were a few other naked running girls who had come to the same 
conclusion as Kimberly. Almost half of the participants had had their specially designed uniforms burst from their body while still in the water. These women refused to emerge from the water and huddled together. It would be over four hours before competition coordinators would appear with small towels for their use. 

Kimberly managed to cross the finish line in second place. The horror of running for almost twenty minutes in her publicly naked condition left her emotionally spent. When the media with the video cameras and microphones descended on Kimberly she was unable to speak except to pled for something to wear. The competition coordinators immediately surrounded Kimberly and informed her she would be returned to her clothes in her locked locker. With relief she allowed herself to be led to a car. She held her breath when she saw it was a convertible. 

The victorious ride down the main drag back to her clothes was the final straw. 
-------------------------
Modern Sporting Nudes
Sports Editorial July23, 2008

Womens Triathlon To Continue

Despite numerous dropouts from the future plan events the ToughGirl 
competition will continue. After the first race there was quite an uproar from 
many who had signed on for the later races. In a confusing turn of events, 
replacements have come forward with no addition enticements, to fill the 
ranks. 
The ToughGirl coordinators say that all the events will continue as planned. 
The reasoning is obvious, financial. The ratings on the delayed broadcasts 
have gone through the roof. 
Once again financially profitable adult oriented competitions are proving a 
financial windfall. 







 