The Start
byjulesteve©

The Start Pt. 03

How my sexual adventurous began P3, first nude in public.

After my previous experience in the restaurant, I wanted to explore my fetish for exhibitionism and public nudity. However, I wasn't yet confident enough to be naked or semi-naked in public, yet the desire to 'be seen' was strong.

I was also keen to repeat the experience of mutual masturbation.

The desire to watch and feel a guy cum on me had often led to my fingers wandering in bed at night. I'd play out fantasies of being taken in public, being spied on, cum on. I'd press the heel of my palm against my clit and insert a finger between the lips of my pussy, biting my lip to stifle cries of pleasure as I stroke it in and out. Then pinch each nipple in turn while moving my hips, humping against my own hand until I was left soaked, shaking and breathless.

After the confidence my aunt had given me, I needed another adventure. She was away on business which made the house quiet but gave me time to think about the things we'd discussed, so each day when I got home from college, I'd shower and dress for my run.

The shower had been pleasant, and I'd had to resist the urge to play a little as the last few days I'd been hornier than ever.

I seemed to continually think about what had happened with the guy in the bar, the adventure with the neighbour, and the possibilities my new 'sexier' wardrobe might bring.

I'd also promised my aunt that I would explore my desire to 'be seen,' the exhibitionist side I'd been nervous about exploring.

A naughty thought came to me, and after some deliberation, I discarded my usual sportswear. Then taking a few moments to work up the courage, I eventually placed my sports bra and panties back in the drawer.

Searching through my closet, I chose an old rugby style top made of stretchy fabric that hugs, cut showing just a little midriff, open enough at the neck to show a little cleavage.

My breasts are not over large but perky, full with sensitive nipples that seem to poke outwards at the slightest sensation.

Pleased with my choice, I then picked out an older pair of shorts that I knew were a little on the snug side, not worn since school day athletics. High cut, I noticed that they now exposed the bottom of my cheeks in the mirror, which pleased me. I'm slim, have a curve to my hips and, according to my aunt, a peachy bum.

Taking a moment, I turned to examine myself in the mirror.

The top was tight enough to perfectly frame my breasts, with an unmistakable bump where my nipples stood to attention.

The shorts framed my bottom, and with no panties, no outline, just a smoothness detailing the exact contours of my butt. The high cut leg exposed a generous amount of thigh and a generous hint of buttock.

To the front, the shorts were pretty much moulded to my crotch, the shape of my mons clearly defined. I suspected the moment I started jogging, there was a danger of them ridding up, bringing a hint of 'camel toe.'

It wasn't being naked but close enough to semi-naked that it would be a thrill.

Leaving the house quickly, I cut through the alleyway behind our property before I could change my mind. One saving grace was living near enough to the park that I didn't have to navigate much of the streets. I mainly jogged when it was quiet at dawn or early evening, it being a safe enough place to do so.

Deciding not to wear a bra soon meant my nipples showed, hard against the thin fabric as it brushed over them.

The sensation already causing slight dampness between my legs.

Halfway around the park, I needed to pee. That time of day, in the lull between people travelling from work and taking an evening stroll, I was confident that it would be safe to duck behind a tree, away from the path.

Looking around, I couldn't see anyone. I genuinely had to pee, but it suddenly occurred to me it was a chance to be a little naughty if I was brave enough.

My options were to just pull down my shorts sufficient to relieve myself.

Or I could take a chance, pull them right down to my ankles and step out of them, leaving me naked from the waist down while I relieved myself.

I chose option two.

With one last glance around, I slipped off my shorts and hooked them on a branch, then stood for a moment, butterflies of nervousness tickling my belly.

My neatly trimmed pussy was exposed in a very public place for the first time. I touched a finger to myself and let out a slight shudder; this was the most daring thing I'd done.

The feeling was naughty, exhilarating and I was more than a little proud that I'd had the nerve, even if I was still a little scared.

How I wished I could complete my run like this.

Desperation soon got the better of me, so squatting, I began to pee.

Cleaning myself with a wet wipe and tissue, I reached to retrieve my shorts and froze in shock.

There was a man, older than me, holding a leash, just staring at my pussy. I blushed, but heart-pounding didn't turn away. Instead, I casually reached out for my shorts, just holding them at my side for a few seconds more, letting him take a good long look before slowly pulling them on.

For a moment, he showed no signs of leaving, then just smiled, said. 'nice' and carried on with his walk, calling to a dog sniffing about nearby.

I stood on shaky legs, my breath quick. The encounter had been brief, slightly embarrassing because the man had watched me pee, but also tense and exciting.

Binning my tissues, I resumed my run, more than a little flushed and not through exercise; the appreciative look in the stranger's eye and smile had been a real turn on

Further on, I noticed a group of men milling about one of the benches, chatting loudly and drinking coffee. I guessed from the suites they were office workers, finishing late.

Still excited from my little encounter, I suddenly had a deep desire to slowly jog up to them wearing nothing but my trainers.

I imagined letting them get an eyeful of tits and pussy.

Then, with my bottom and breasts jiggling with a sudden burst of speed, sprinting out of their reach. Glancing over my shoulder to catch the lustful look in their eye as they look at my disappearing ass.

At that time, I wasn't anywhere near brave enough to act out the fantasy, which was a shame.

Instead, I stopped at the bench facing them and moved into a low squat, stretching one leg to the side before stretching the other in turn.

Closing my eyes, I imagined doing it naked, showing off. My legs open to the men as I move from one position to another, giving them and anyone going by a good view of my pussy.

I was stretching, lost in the fantasy for a good twenty seconds before I noticed the talking had almost stopped.

With a smile, I realised they had probably been looking down the open neck of my top. No doubt my nipples, which were hard and barely concealed, had also got their attention.

Pretending not to notice, I turned my back, moved my legs apart to a wide stance, and bent over, touching the ground. As I glanced back between my legs, I could see the appreciative reaction from the men as I dipped my hips and pushed my ass towards them.

I could only imagine their view, with my shorts being so clingy.

The shape of my pussy must have been close to being on display, it was damp from my fantasising, and I wondered if I sat at their bench, would I leave a wet patch?

None of the men made eye contact as I turned to face them.

They were definitely more interested in staring at my barely concealed charms. The nipples poked out through my top, clearly outlined and shorts that were now damp and moulded to my pussy.

It was usually the idea of being caught naked that excited me, but I found being stared at like this to be just as thrilling.

The chatter started as soon as I began jogging again and wondered if they said things about me.

There was a smile on my face all the way back home as I wondered if the man who had seen me pee and the office guys would be masturbating later, thinking about what they could have done do to me.

My pussy was wet at the thought.

My imagination was running riot as I fantasised about the office guys surrounding me, cumming on me as I lay naked, fingering myself on the grass. Or the dog walker, pulling his cock out as he watched me pee, then cumming on my nude ass, as I leant against the tree, just out of sight of the footpath. I couldn't wait to work out my frustrations in the shower.

Hot from my run and feeling very horny, I saw the neighbour's son near the gate of my aunt's property.

'If you wait a few moments, I will be taking a shower, so if you keep looking up there.' I said, gesturing to the window, 'you'll catch me walking around naked.'

He went bright red. 'I wasn't...'

Before he could go any further, I interrupted.

'I don't care, I like it. You can look all you want.'

Feeling very turned on from the park, the thought he was trying to spy again sent a thrill through me as I walked towards him.

'I haven't seen you perving since I visited you. Did I scare you off?'

He still looked embarrassed.

'No, your aunt said she knew everything because she'd seen you on CCTV and that I'd better behave around you.'

'Really?' I was shocked as auntie hadn't said anything.

'What else did she say?'

He looked slightly annoyed. 'Nothing, she just laughed and walked off.'

I made a mental note to ring aunty later and said.

'Well, if she hasn't frightened you off, I'm up for some fun again.'

Before he could answer, I reached out and began to rub him through his jeans, making him jump.

'Same rules as last time though, you only do as I say, touch what I say, Ok?'

He nodded yes, and before he could speak, I was undoing the fly and popping the button of his jeans. He started a little as I reached over into the waistband of his boxers and pulled out his dick. It was already semi-erect as I began to gently rub my fingers up and down it.

He tried to grab my hand.

'Wait, we can't do things here,' he said.

'Why not?' I whispered.

'It's exciting.

Only you and I ever seem to come out this way, so relax, unless you'd rather not do anything,' I said teasingly.

He looked around then nodded,

He enjoyed what I was doing, so I knew there was no way he would pass this up, and even if we did have an audience, lust would overcome common sense.

Not sure if it was confidence from what happened at the park or if it was that I was already so turned on, but there was no thought in what came next, and I surprised myself as I edged closer and whispered.

'Keep your eyes closed, and don't move.'

Adding, 'or I stop.'

Shifting into a new position, my bare legs pressed to the rough material of his jeans as I moved his penis between my legs.

Then began to work against it, moving my hips, the thin damp material of my shorts clinging to my pussy, pretty much the same way it had to my panties the first time we'd 'played.'

Doing it outside, in the alley between our houses, with a chance of being caught, was absolutely breathtaking, though.

Moving him against the fence, I turned and pressed my ass into his cock, the jeans around his knees meaning he had limited movement, and I had control.

And I liked that.

Tingles running up and down my skin, I placed a hand over his. Entwined our fingers and guided his hand over my thigh, between my legs, inching closer and closer to my pussy, drenched in anticipation.

Still controlling his hand, I used his fingers to gently rub my pussy through my shorts. He flexed them as they brushed against me, seeking to explore, but I moved his hand away and said.

'Let me.'

He got the message and relaxed his hand.

I guided his other hand to my breasts and pressed tight to the erection nestled against my buttocks, same as the guy in the restroom.

His cock made a damp patch on my shorts as I moved against him.

Now that I'd established control, I increased pressure with my fingers, and he gasped as I used his index finger to trace my lips.

My pussy was soaked, and I needed to cum.

With my free hand, I eased my shorts down a little, just over my hip bone, and at the same time pushing our entwined hands inside of the waistband. I thought my heart would pound out of my chest, this was the first time any fingers, but my own had touched me like this.

He went to say something, but I warned him to be quiet, or it would be over, I did'nt want a chat.

Grabbing his other hand, I pushed it under my top.

He got the message and began massaging my left breast, his movement limited under the confining fabric.

Our entwined hands were just inside my shorts.

Slowly I pushed his fingers between my legs, touching them to my pussy.

With my index finger over his, I increased pressure on it until the tip eased between my folds.

Then I rubbed his finger gently back and forth, all the time controlling how he was touching me.

His cock twitched against me, oozing more wetness as he squeezed my breast really hard, clumsily groping at it. I realised that this must be his first time touching a girl intimately, apart from our previous encounter where he'd felt my breasts over my bra.

His movements were limited, and again I startled him by lifting my top over his hand, exposing my breasts to give him more freedom.

He rolled a nipple between his fingers and alternated between, squeezing each breast in turn and playing with the nipples.

Taking the opportunity to explore, his clumsiness somehow made it more exciting.

That and baring my breasts in a public place.

Working his fingers over me was nice, but I needed more.

His cock jerked against me, and he gasped a little as I dragged fingers through my silky, wet folds. Gently I increased pressure, pushing both our fingers into my pussy. Not going in very far, briefly fucking them back and forth. Dragging them back through the slick lips to my clit, feeling my orgasm starting to build as I pressed our fingertips there, making small circles over the sensitive nub.

He pinched and caressed my nipples as he heard me moaning, my back arched, pushing my ass back hard into his cock.

With shaking legs, my orgasm hit and I gripped his hand tighter, pressing it hard to my pussy.

My body shook as delicious feelings spread through me, our fingers pressed hard on my clit until my breathing returned to normal.

I pulled away once my legs were steady, adjusting my top and shorts.

Turning to face him, I simply said.

'Your turn.'

His penis was rock hard, and I thought he was going to shoot his load as I took it in my hand and positioned myself closer to him.

Looking him straight in the eye, I tugged my shorts down a bit, took the head of his cock and rubbed it against my still sensitive clit, making a muscle in my thigh twitch.

He put his hands back on my tits, over the top, rubbing the nipples.

'I'm playing. We are not fucking at any point. You ok with that?'

He nodded a breathless 'yes' as I squeezed and manipulated him, but then I think he'd have agreed to anything at that point.

Shuffling my legs apart, I rubbed him up against my pussy, the very tip just gently brushing against me, the goo oozing from his penis coating me. Soon I could feel a second orgasm building.

But I could feel he was close too.

Letting go of him for just a moment, his obvious disappointment turned to a breathy 'wow' followed by a panicked look up and down the ally as I pulled off my top.

Kneeling, I gripped his cock, stroking my fingers over the shaft, from the tip to the base.

Putting my hand down my shorts, I slid my fingers along the length of my pussy. To my clit and back again, dipping inside, even my thighs were slick with my juices.

Leaning close, I quickly licked out my tongue, touching it to his shaft, tasting pre-cum. I was curious about what it was like, having tasted my own fingers after masturbating.

I now wondered what cum would taste like as he started groaning and pushing back into my hand with his hips. I knew he was close and would be done in moments; not wanting him to cum first, I got straight to work on my clit.

His shaft was coated as more and more of the clear liquid spilt out of the swollen head. It dribbled over my fingers.

Swapping hands, I thrilled as I realised that our juices were mixed on the fingers I was using between my legs.

Our breathing got heavier as we both approach orgasm.

His cock swelled even bigger in my hand as he got closer to shooting his load. half-naked me over the back gate body started shaking as he suddenly let out a grunt of, 'sorry.'

I sat back on my heels just in time and angled his cock just right for globs of spunk to start landing on my breasts. The first shot of warm sperm ran between my fingers and all over my hand.

He tried to apologise and pull away, looking shocked, but I shook my head and almost shouted, 'no, this is what I wanted, cum on my tits.' caught up in my own needs.

He needed no further encouragement and just let things happen.

His whole body tense as strand after silvery strand landed on my chest until both breasts were glistening.

I thought it would never stop as cum ran down, between my breasts, over my belly, down my shorts to the neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair where my fingers still played over my clit.

My pussy contracted and spasmed as I plunged two fingers into myself, aware that they were covered in his mess.

Even though I was shaking in the throes of my own orgasm, I still kept a tight grip on him, milking his cock until it started to soften, and he was pleading for me to stop.

Getting to my feet, I wiped cum from my hand with my top and looked down to see a generous coating on my breasts and belly.

My neighbour pulled up his jeans and boxers, his eyes never leaving my naked breasts.

However, he looked worried when he realised I was staring at the mess he'd made. Then relaxed as I smiled and said. 'seems I don't need to ask if you enjoyed that; I'm wearing the evidence.'

' Sorry about doing that.' he said, embarrassed.

'But that was incredible. I've never done that before.'

I gestured to my chest.

'That's what I like, to see and feel someone cum.'

He either missed or ignored the 'someone.'

'Listen, I don't want a boyfriend, but sometimes I get urges to do things. If you're up for it and understand I'm just interested in a little mutual masturbation, we could do this again.'

He looked around, 'doing things in public, like here?' He said

'Sometimes, can't say for certain. It's something I like.' I shrugged. 'But now, I'm going for a shower.'

Then with a mischievous grin added. 'Well showering and probably explaining to my aunt the CCTV of me walking half naked through the backgate.'

Then with a thought for what I'd not been brave enough to do in the park, I slipped off my shorts and said.

'Or naked.'

I stood for a moment, feet slightly apart, letting him look at me as I had the barman and the dog walker.

And before he could respond opened the back gate, sure that he would be watching my ass as I walked away, as I'd imagined those office guys doing.

The day had been exciting, and I wondered where my newfound confidence would lead and what fun I would have with my masturbation buddy.


The Start Pt. 04

How my sexual adventurous began, part 4, confidence.

After my exhibitionist park and alley adventures I was feeling a lot more confident, I started to be daring in what I wore and was pleased with the attention I was getting.

My aunt was right that a little peek is just as exciting as being spyed on naked, and that confidence can lead to fun, as I was to find out.

As soon as I entered the building, I could feel him watching me keeping step as I walked across the library.

I was dressed in a simple black mid-thigh flared skirt, short boots, and I was wearing a thong for the first time.

It felt deliciously naughty, and I liked the way my skirt felt as it brushed against my bare cheeks, easy to imagine I was naked down there.

The only attention-grabbing thing was my jumper.

Form-fitting of a light peachy colour, nothing remarkable unless you noticed the dark of my nipples showing against the light material, or a peek of a nipple as it briefly poked through the loose-knit as my braless breasts swayed with the rhythm of my step.

My insides felt warm, and the risk was getting to me, as I could feel the slickness between my pussy lips.

It was such a thrill knowing people were looking at me, and I was getting so turned on.

Especially the guy who'd been looking at me, he wore trousers, shirt and tie, all of a designer cut, was clean-shaven, lean and looked to be around mid to late thirties.

Which made him at least 15 years older than myself, but there was something about the way he moved, feline confidence, watchful, curious, not the staring I'd experienced so far.

It was my first time in public dressed daring, apart from my recent run in the park, which I didn't count, seeing as there were so few people around.

I'd chosen the library because it was big and sprawling, with plenty of places to hide away if I started to feel self-conscious. I'd even packed a bra in my bag just in case.

My mind was racing as I saw the watchful but not intimidating guy for the second time.

Was he wondering if I was without panties too, did he find me a turn on, and if so, would he be masturbating while thinking about me later?

I was not ready to leave the library. I still needed other books for my assignment. The library in my town is large and sprawling, it being an older building, so finding everything I needed took time.

Maybe ten people were in the library, most on the computers or waiting to use one, so apart from my thirty-something admirer and a couple of older men, who'd had smiled appreciatively as I passed, not many had noticed my 'show.'

Finding a quiet place to sit and browse the books I'd picked up so far, I saw my mystery guy sitting on the opposite side of the room at a desk.

I don't know where it came from, but I suddenly wanted to tease him with a bit more than a nipple peek.

My seat was off to the side of rows of shelving but still in plain view of the desk. I made the pretence of reading while watching him.

Although he was openly looking across at me, not bothering to pretend to read the book in his hand.

I was aware of the hardness of my nipples, a tingling feeling spreading to my stomach like a nervous flutter as I crossed my legs, allowing my skirt to slide up my thighs.

He watched intently, and I wondered if he was trying to see my panties.

Although my skirt showed a great deal of thigh, there was no chance of him getting a glimpse of my thong.

Yet

Shifting position, I let my skirt ride higher as I turned the page of my book, keeping up the pretence of innocently reading.

Slowly uncrossing my legs, I wiggled as if trying to get more comfortable in the large leather chesterfield, which caused my skirt to ride up, right under my bottom.

Then in slow motion, I re-crossed my legs, watching him over the top of my book.

His eyes moved down my body, and I wondered, did he see anything, could he see anything? and smiled at the thought; the warm tingle in my stomach spreading lower, making my pussy wet.

So far, I had walked about naked in the safety of my bedroom, knowing the neighbour's son was watching. I had been stared at by a dog walker when I'd nipped behind a tree to relieve myself while jogging, which was a pleasant accident. I kind of flashed my boobs at a group of men in the same park.

But I have never done anything like this before. It felt so naughty but so right.

My sexiest fantasies were in being seen, allowing glimpses of my nakedness, being an exhibitionist.

Thinking about it had made me even wetter; was I wet enough that he'd notice a damp spot in my panties, I wondered?

Glancing at my stranger, I could tell by how his expression changed that he'd seen my panties, or at least a lot of my inner thighs. The way he was looking at me had become much more concentrated. Taking a breath, I uncrossed my legs, stretching one out, my skirt still bunched up and buried my face in my book.

When I looked up while turning a page, I was shocked to see he had started to walk in my direction, surprised as he took a seat on the arm of the chair.

Stomach fluttering, I lowered my book and smiled, 'can I help you.'

He smiled back, leant in and said, 'Do you taste as good as you look, little tease?'

'Excuse me?' I stammered, taken by surprise.

He leaned even closer and spoke softly, his breath tickling my ear, his aftershave subtle, expensive.

'I saw you when you came in, the way you dressed, saw what you did, know what you are doing and just wondered if you taste as good as you look?'

I closed my book and put it in my lap, tilting my head in what I hoped was an annoyed manner I said.

'That kind of question could get you in trouble.'

He shrugged. 'I believe in being forward; life's too short, besides,' he grinned, 'you seem the kind of lady who takes chances.'

'Really?' I said, 'what gives you that impression?'

'So you weren't intentionally showing me your panties then?'

He smiled again, 'If that's the kind of thing you like,' he leant closer, 'and that is all, then that's fine, but my original question still stands.'

I smiled and answered huskily, 'I think my fingers taste fine, when I'm playing, but wouldn't know what anyone else thinks.'

Paused, then added.

'Because no one has ever 'tasted' me.'

You've never done anything like...?'

'Never had the offer of being, 'tasted' before.' I finished.

He sat back, 'so apart from a little flashing,' he glanced over my legs, 'what have you done.'

I shifted in my seat, turning to face him.

'Well, not discussing my sex life with a stranger in public for one.' I said, seemingly annoyed.

He held up his hands, 'sorry if I misread the situation, he said, starting to back away.

'Apart from a little exhibitionism, mutual masturbation, and a little 'self-help', nothing really.' I said quickly.

He stopped, 'really, so you're a...?' he left the question hanging.

'Yes, a late starter, just gaining the confidence to explore what she likes.'

I filled in.

'And as for your 'taste' question, I wouldn't mind your opinion. you could help me find out if its something I like, as long as we only go as far as I'm willing.'

'Remember, this is a library; we need to be quiet and discreet; loud noises could alert a lot of people.'

He smiled and nodded, 'I get you, but are you serious?'

'Serious.' I said. 'but where would we...?'

He pointed to the desk, 'how about you sit there, facing the room reading', then added, 'seeing as you're an exhibitionist.'

I caught the challenging tone in his voice, and without a word, walked over and sat where he'd indicated.

The desk was huge and solid, with ornately carved legs; he followed, glanced around, then ducked under the desk, and I felt his hands on my knees.

I was trembling, more than a little nervous, but mostly excited.

His fingers felt warm and smooth, and butterflies danced in my stomach in the realisation that a handsome stranger would be the first to touch me intimately, without my controlling the where and how.

He'd also be the first person to look at my most intimate parts, close up, and right here in the library, where anyone might discover us.

My juices were flowing at the thought, my nipples hard against my top; it felt like every part of me was excited.

'Sit forward.' he whispered.

With his guidance, I positioned myself on the edge of the chair, and as I did so, he pushed my skirt so that it was bunched right up around my waist, exposing my tiny thong.

My buttocks bare on the cold leather seat.

He spread my legs, his hands caressing them gently.

Then I felt his lips against the inside of my thighs as he started working his way up towards the damp between my legs, using little nibbling kisses.

I sat up straight, biting my lip and gripping the table edge, tummy turning in a mixture of excitement, fear and anticipation as he alternated between gentle kisses, smooth licks, then quick nibbling bites.

His lips suddenly pressed against my damp panties, and I almost jumped off the seat, letting out a loud gasp.

He jokingly said, 'Shhh, library.' then pressed his tongue against my pussy hard while pressing the ball of his thumb to my clit.

I almost slide out of the chair and might have, but for his strong hands holding my legs.

He worked his tongue against the thin material of the thong, and I hoped no one could hear my rapid, gasping breath through the library, as it sounded to myself like it was filling the whole room.

His fingers moved to the leg of my panties as he tugged them aside, exposing my pussy, touching the tip of his tongue to my bare flesh for the first time.

As delicious as it felt, I carefully lifted my hips, causing him to move his head so that I could slide my panties down my legs and completely off.

I wanted to be naked there, between my legs, open to his gaze.

As I sat, I used my fingers to spread my pussy lips, opening myself up to him, needing him to see me as no one had seen me before.

As his tongue flicked across my most intimate parts, I felt his fingers on me, gently easing my own out of the way.

His tongue flicked with quick, smooth, gentle licks at first.

Becoming slower and firmer as my hips flexed, tilting my sex towards him, thinking I'd explode as he pressed a thumb against my clit.

His tongue pushed right into me as he used it to 'fuck'

my pussy while his fingers played over my sopping lips, and I realised I was about to cum, right here in the library, where anyone walking down any of the adjacent aisles of books could see me.

It was the most excited I'd ever been.

My legs began to tremble, which seemed to urge him on.

Adding a finger to the efforts of his tongue, he pushed it deep inside me, rotating it, wiggling it back and forth, finding that special spot, causing me to push down on the desk with my palms, air hissing through my teeth.

Finger and tongue working together, his thumb never stopped moving against my clit; unconsciously, I'd started moving my hips, eyes closed as I shut out the library, aware of nothing but the extreme pleasure felt between my thighs.

My orgasm started with a warm tingling, a tremble in my thigh, then a hot shuddering flood of juices that caused my whole body to tense, ending with a gasp as I collapsed forward, my head resting in my hands.

All the time, he lapped at me, using his tongue until I was done.

As I came down, he crawled from under the desk and sat on the edge of it next to me, using what I thought was a handkerchief to dab at his lips and chin, then wipe my juice from his fingers, then noticed they were my panties.

He went to hand them to me with a grin, but I shook my head and said with a smile, 'souvenir?'

He returned the smile and popped them in a pocket.

At that point, I would have liked to go to the toilets to clean up myself but wasn't sure if my legs would hold me up.

So instead, I reached into my bag for wet wipes and tissues and did the best I could to clean myself up gently as I was still tingling, sensitive in the aftermath of orgasm.

As I smoothed my skirt down over my legs, hiding away my bare pussy all I could think about was this stranger had seen it all, seen my most intimate parts and had seen and felt me cum.

The thought turned me on so much that I felt like I needed to be fucked for the first time; the feeling was shocking as up until now, I'd been happy with just playing around.

All these thoughts had sped around in a mere heartbeat, but the stranger must have worried I was having second thoughts about what had happened, as he asked.

'Are you Ok?'

I smiled, breaking from my thoughts and answered, 'fine.'

Then added, 'so, how do I taste?'

'Devine.' he answered with a laugh, 'extremely nice.'

That could have been the end of the fun. I could have walked towards the door, but instead, I asked.

'So, how do you taste?'

He seemed a little taken back, finally sputtering out, 'never had any complaints.' With a half laughing, half, 'what's going on' puzzled tone.

'If you've tasted me, it's only fair I taste you.'

I knelt at his feet.

'Anyway, it wouldn't be nice to leave you all worked up.' I said, indicating the visible bulge in his trousers.

'You've done this before?' he asked.

I shook my head no and reached for his zip.

'Are you sure you don't have to? I was happy just...'

I cut him off by squeezing his bulge.

'I want to, and I want to right here.' I said.

He shrugged, 'Ok, I just wanted to be sure, but let me sit at the table at least.'

He sat where I had, but sideways to the desk for me to kneel between his legs.

My heart was racing. I never dreamed this was what I'd be doing when I started teasing, just a half-hour or so earlier.

Another first, but again in public, the sense of risk made my pussy dampen.

He undid his trousers and eased them and his boxers down.

As his cock sprang free, I took it in my hand and stroked the shaft.

He swallowed hard as I rubbed the pre-cum all over the head with my thumb, leaned over in his lap, and began to lick at it with little flicks of my tongue.

He tensed as I teased the head, his cock jerking in my hand. Sitting back on my heels, I stroked the shaft gently, fascinated by the angry-looking purple end and the clear goo oozing from it.

I tasted it again by running my tongue along the thickly veined shaft, then took the whole head in my mouth and sucked gently, pleased to feel him jerk in the seat.

Holding onto the base, I opened my mouth and lowered my head, feeling the slick head sliding along my tongue.

Closing my lips tight, I began to bob my head slowly.

He began to moan softly, and I felt his fingers resting lightly on my hair. I found I liked giving a blow job, and despite it being my first attempt, he was clearly enjoying it.

Idly I wondered what my virgin neighbour would think if I were to do this for him and almost giggled at the thought.

Lost in the rhythm and the nice feeling of his cock between my lips, I suddenly wondered what I'd do when he was going to cum.

Would I like it if he came in my mouth?

I decided if I didn't, I could pull away and finish him off with my hand, despite the mess.

Besides, he did have my panties to clean himself up.

Too soon, the decision was made for me.

Whirling my tongue on the head while sucking hard, I ran my hand up and down the shaft with a firm grip, really enjoying working him like this.

Suddenly he grabbed my head and pushed down, letting out a hiss as he pushed up with his hips; his cock convulsed a couple of times, and warm liquid spurted into my mouth.

There was no warning, and he didn't say anything; he just released that first spurt straight in my mouth.

Instinctively I swallowed as his cock continued to throb and pulse between my lips; I tried but couldn't keep up as more and more cum shot into my mouth, some of it dribbling between my lips and down my chin, wetting his lap, which served him right for giving me no warning.

He released his grip on my head as he slowed down, but I carried on going, able to swallow the rest of it, working my lips up and down until he stopped, then finishing off by lapping the mess from his shaft.

I sat back, letting his softening cock flop back in his lap.

He was still getting his breath but gasped.

'Are you sure you've never done that before?'

I fixed him with a stair and said, 'no, and it would have been nice to have had a choice about spitting it out.'

He smiled, which was infuriating.

'But you enjoyed it, though?'

It was even more infuriating that I had to answer, 'yes.'

'Yes, I enjoyed it, it was nice, you taste nice too.'

I shrugged as I stood and added.

'Not that I've anything to compare it to...yet.'

He laughed at that as he tucked himself away.

'Well, I must say you're a natural.'

He held out a hand and started, 'I'm n....'

I cut him off.

'No names, I'm just interested in fun; it spoils the mystery if I know who you are.'

I gestured around. 'It's the risk, the thought of being caught and the spontaneity of it that's exciting for me; it's nicer that you're just a random stranger.'

'I'm not into having boyfriends.'

He nodded, 'I understand that and you're right, it is more fun.' with a final smile, he turned to go.

Suddenly the urge to be fucked for the first time from when I was smoothing my skirt down, the stranger taking the last look at my bare pussy as I covered up, came back, strong as it had before, so I added.

'I'm here next Wednesday to return these, though.' waving my books as he walked away.

He turned, grinned. ' Nice to know.' and my pussy became a little damp,

Outside, the cool breeze felt nice on my face, so, stepping to the side of the building, I lifted my skirt, letting it cool and dry my bare pussy.

A car honked as it crawled down the small side street, and I gave the driver a little wave before turning and heading home.

This day was enjoyable, and I couldn't wait to tell my aunt of my new adventure.

