Weekend at the Beach House
bylimfx©

Weekend at the Beach House Pt. 01

My girlfriend Rachel and I are currently living abroad. On the summer before our departure, we got together with a few mutual friends from Uni to have a last get-together before the semester began, since we would leave at the end of it. The country we were going is predominantly cold, so the place chosen to hang out was a beach house one of our friend's parents have on an island nearby.

This was only one of the "last-somethings" we did before leaving, so only a few people were invited, and, of those, just three could go at the time: a couple - Jeff and Amy, and Sarah; whom, at first, was worried about being the only one without a pair. We talked to her that it wasn't a couple's thing, that we were just hanging out as friends, and convinced her to come with us. It was a good thing we were on 5 people, since we could all go on the same car and split the gas.

The trip took only three hours, of those one was spent on the ferryboat, and was uneventful. Time flew by as we talked, catching up on school gossip.

When we disembarked from the boat, it was already getting dark, so we immediately hit the road, arriving at the house a little over an hour later.

The place, although small, had just what us young adults needed from a beach house: a four by two meters pool that included a small cascade, and an annexed hot tub; an outdoor barbeque grill; and a few hammocks on the porch. It was located within walking distance from the nearest beach.

Arriving at the house, all of us were a bit tired from going to the supermarket to buy supplies for our stay, so we put our bags in our respective rooms, cracked open a cold one, and hung around lazily by the pool.

Being more of a night owl myself, I had woken up late that day, so, after changing into my speedo, I jumped up on the pool, turning on its lights and cascade. I asked if anyone was going to join me, and after some convincing, Sarah ended up putting her bikini and getting in the water as well.

We chatted for some half an hour, when the couple started to whisper among them, and soon excused themselves to their room. Shortly after, my girlfriend said she was tired and was going to take a shower and go to bed. By then it was barely nine o'clock.

Sarah started to feel a bit awkward alone with me, since we don't usually hang by ourselves, but as we drank more, she started to feel more comfortable. We talked trivialities from Uni, until at some point she accidently blurted out that she was making some money by selling photos of her online.

I was taken aback! Although she had the body for it - at barely 1.60m, she had great proportions: big butt and tits, slim waist, and, as I started to notice, looking closely at her body, also an uninhibited choice of swimwear.

I probably did not notice at first because when she entered the pool I was still in the presence of my girlfriend, but the top of her bikini showed a lot of skin, barely containing her big breasts - in fact it seemed to cover less than half of them, making me start to notice her aureolae just barely peaking. Even submerged, her bikini bottoms seemed to follow the pattern of its counterpart - minimal!

She seemed amused by me glancing over her body, only now noticing how much of it was on display and allowed me to return to senses before talking again.

She was having some problems with her mom, whom she lived with, and was looking for a way to make some money, when a friend recommended she start an OnlyFans. She had her doubts at first, but being good looking, soon she saw her bank account starting to grow. Now she was investing in equipment and clothing in order to have more followers and finally live by herself.

I looked at her dumbfounded! No one at our Uni would believe that this angel-faced, cute-looking, timid girl, was making money doing pornography online!

"Well, you're the first person that knows my secret!" She said, getting closer to me in the pool.

"You know, I was actually hoping I could use this trip to take some beach/pool-themed photos for my fans..." Sarah continued.

"I have even brought my DSLR camera, and a waterproof one, and I just realized YOU can help me with them!" She proposed excitedly, now already close to me, almost whispering.

"Well... I mean... If it's to help you..." I agreed. A bit too quickly, now that I think about it.

"Go to my room and open the pink backpack. Both cameras are there. Bring the waterproof one." She said, almost in a commanding tone, still whispering.

Leaving the pool, I soon realized that inside my speedos there was a slight tent starting to form in anticipation of what was about to happen. As I entered the house, I adjusted it as not to look so obvious.

When I arrived by the pool, Sarah was standing in the opposite end, below the cascade, with only her head out of the water. She motioned me to come over. As I did, I noticed a tangled mess of clothing on the edge of the pool - Her bikini! 'Oh my fuck, she's already naked' I realized, as my erection started to grow even more, as I dove quickly into the pool to try and conceal it.

"Ok, so I was thinking that we could-" She started to explain her plan, but I couldn't listen. Not a single word entered my head, because as soon as Sarah started speaking, she stood straight up in the pool, leaving her bare breasts, heaving as she talked, mere centimeters from my face, her perfectly round, perky, pink-nippled-pointing-at-me breasts.

I soon realized there was no more noise coming from her and looked at her face for what seemed the first time in a long while.

"Well, did you have a good look? Because you're gonna see them a lot more this weekend, and we just can't have you spacing out every time you see them" She said sporting a faux stern face, almost disguising a smirk.

"Oh god, I am SO SORRY, it's just that...you know...they're spectacular" I muttered.

"I know, every guy has the same reaction, but focus!" Sarah said with a knowing smile on her face.

After showing me how to use the camera, we soon started shooting some poses. It started pretty vanilla: bit of her face at right angles, then some shoulder, cleavage and such. When we started to do some full-body underwater photos, my cock was almost escaping the piece of fabric it was contained in!

Until then I had only seen her from the waist up, but the rest of her body was just as mesmerising: thick bit muscular thighs that lead to what I could only describe as a perfect-looking pussy, crowned by a delicate, lightly trimmed, heart-shaped pubic hair.

As I, she could also see my body underwater, and soon noticed me almost bursting out of my bottoms.

"Oh my god, you're SO hard! Is it all because of me?" Sarah asked coyly.

"Well, I mean..." I said surfacing, gasping for air after holding my breath for far longer than I should as admiring her body.

Without saying a word, Sarah plunged in the pool and, before I realized what was happening, I tripped and fell in the water, surfacing to see her triumphant look and my speedos in her hands!

"Now that you're more comfortable, lets resume our photo shoot." She said with a smile still in her face as she put my bottoms on top of her discarded clothing.

And so we did. The following poses increased in lewdness, and soon we were doing underwater leg-spread, hands-spreading-ass poses and much more. At one point she started floating, and I started to take pictures, getting ever closer to her face. First her legs were near my shoulders, then, as I took a step further, they were around my torso. Delving a bit into the water, my face stood mere centimeters from her enticing love hole.

Seeing no reaction from her, I took a step further and pressed my face on her smooth skin. I could feel the short-trimmed fur caress my nose as I continued to take close-ups of her, until her bottom lips were on my mouth.

Letting go of the camera and shedding any pretense of taking photos, my mouth french-kissing her opening, feeling her wetness on my tongue.

Yes, I know we were inside a pool, but pussy juice is pussy juice, and you can recognise that taste anywhere.

I licked, tongued and finger-fucked her, as Sarah wrapped her oh-so-soft thighs around my neck. My saliva was spread on her from the top of her clit, near the bottom of her heart-shaped hair, to the beautiful little puckered pink asshole. As she neared an orgasm, the moans started to get a bit loud, only ever so, and she squeezed me with her legs, smashing my face on her pussy. That sweet, sweet pussy, that only a few hours ago I never even dreamed of seeing, let along face-fuck it.

As soon as she climaxed, she let me go, and with my raging hard-on I had only one though in mind. Turning her around and pinning her to the wall, I used my hands to open her legs wide, positioning the head of my cock right upon her opening. Just as I was about to head in, Sarah put her hand between us, pushing me away.

"Not now... I'm still too sensitive down there..." She pleaded.

Feeling a bit ashamed, like I was taking advantage of her, I started to leave the pool, when she suddenly grabs me by the hips and sits me by the edge of the pool and unexpectedly takes me in her mouth. I had no reaction, but only for a moment.

I would love to say that she sucked me for half an hour and a torrential stream of cum blasted from my cock into the air, but the truth was that, having suffered enough from her gorgeous naked body all this time, all it took was me looking down on this nude beauty bobbing her head up and down my shaft, butt in the air and tits touching my tights, and as soon as her tongue started making circles around the head of my cock, I just came deep inside her mouth. She enclosed me with her lips and sucked until the last drop.

Sitting at the edge of the pool, processing in my head what had just happened, Sarah left to the house in her birthday-suit, with the bikini and camera on her hands, but not before giving me a kiss on the cheek before walking away.

I stayed like that for a while, then splashed some water in me on the outside shower, got dressed and went inside.

As soon as I go through the front door, I'm greeted by the sight of my guilty-looking girlfriend, one hand inside her soaked shorts and the other fixing her top, leaving the room where the couple was supposed to be sleeping.

She just runs to me, grab me by the hand and pushes me inside our room.

As I take off my speedo, she fixes her clothes and starts to leave the room, when I stop her.

"What the fuck happened?" I say, with more curiosity than rage in my voice.

"I just need to go to the bathroom, when I come back I'll explain it" Rachel said dismissively, without looking in my eyes.

I sensed something was wrong, so I pulled her to myself and planted a deep kiss in her mouth. As I did so, my hands sneaked in her shorts and caressed her pussy. She was absolutely, undoubtedly soaked. In her mouth I also felt a distinct salty taste...

"You've been a very naughty girl tonight, haven't you?" I said smirking.

"Yes..." She blushed, and I knew it was more from excitement than shame.

"Tell me from the start" I said as I sat us in the bed, lowering her shorts in the process.

Well now, you see, we don't have an open relationship per se, but we do share an open minded-ness sexually-wise. Rachel and I have been involved in a few threesomes - both planned and unplanned. She has even had a sexual adventure with a co-worker, some time ago, which I encouraged. Having said that, we did not plan anything for this weekend, even because we all take the same classes in Uni, and, with exception of her little fling, all our affairs involved strangers.

Rachel then started telling me what happened.

She left the pool, grabbed some clothes and went for a shower, planning to go to bed right after.

As she entered the bathroom and closed the door, Rachel realized that the lock was broken. Grabbing her phone, she sent on our group on WhatsApp a text explaining the issue, then proceeded to shower.

At this point I should say that my girlfriend uses glasses, to a degree that she can barely recognize someone's face even if they're only a few meters away.

As she was finishing washing her hair, the door suddenly opens. The shower glass was transparent, and even with all the steam, her silhouette was clearly visible through it. Thinking that everyone had seen her text about the lock, Rachel figured it was me and continued showering, even as Jeff took out his dick and started peeing right beside her.

Rachel finished showering, put her arm out and asked for the towel. Jeff hesitated a bit: in that position he could see almost her whole right breast, bar from the nipple that, smashed on the glass, was just a pink-ish blur; then obliged and left the bathroom.

Finishing getting dressed, she put on her glasses and looked at her reflection in the mirror: at almost 1.70m tall, Rachel had recently put out a few more pounds than she was happy with, even though most of it was well-distributed - her ass was round, even though it was so big and her tits were also a few cups bigger, outgrowing her previous DD - but she was working out to improve it.

The clothes she chose to sleep in were a few years old, and she wondered if they were too revealing: the shorts left most of her butt showing, and a bit of a cameloe. She thanked her foresight of shaving the hair on the upper part of her pussy to fit it in the bikini, because the shorts were so stretched that it showed at lot of skin up to a couple centimeters above her pussy.

The top was also pretty revealing, although looser than its counterpart: her bigger tits caused it to be kind of tight in the front, making so that the bottom of it was separated from her belly, anyone that looked at her from bellow would be treated with a nice underboob. It also showed ample cleavage on top of it.

Rachel brushed off her preoccupations telling herself she was in the presence of friends that would think nothing of her clothes, and went to our room.

Already on the bed and getting ready to sleep, she received a text from Amy. Not wanting to open it and risk losing her sleep, she tried ignoring it. As she started falling asleep, the phone vibrated indicating another message received, then another, and yet another. Thinking it could be something important, Rachel opened it, wondering why her friend didn't send them to our group text.

"hey, Rachel"

"hey, i know youre awake"

"dont ignore me!"

"RACHELLLLLL!!"

"what is it?" My girlfriend reluctantly answered.

"i knew you were awake! need your help with something, come to my room"

"but im almost asleep..."

"c'mon, it'll be quick"

"does it need to be right now?"

"yes!! come fast!"

Accepting that she wouldn't be able to sleep now, my girlfriend got up the bed, and opened the door.

On the way she decided to stop by a window to see at what I was doing at the pool. She saw me just talking to Sarah and thought nothing of it, but just when she was leaving, she thought she saw something at the edge of the pool that looked like crumbled clothes, just then she received yet another text urging her to the couple's room, and off she went.

Rachel knocked on the door and entered. They were on the bed with the TV on and lights turned off. Amy was sitting in his lap and both were covered by a sheet.

"What did you want?"

"Come here, sit on the bed..."

Rachel indulged, at this point more curious than annoyed about what was going on. Their eyes were fixed on the TV, as she noticed her friend shifting uncomfortably on her boyfriend's lap.

Sitting at the feet of the bed, she turned her head to the TV. What she saw looked like a porno, but on a closer look, it seemed to be just a rather explicit scene from a series or movie.

What depicted in front of her was just like some of the porn videos she enjoys, two men approaching a young woman, caressing her body as they undressed her. She just couldn't stop watching.

Rachel felt a familiar warmth between her legs. She knew that dressed in that tight white shorts, her moisture would not be unnoticed for long. Interrupted by a soft moan, she turned around to excuse herself, already thinking about calling me to quench her thirst, when she saw that the couple was no longer covered by the sheet, she wondered for how long.

Indeed, both were naked and having sex right in front of her! She suspected something was going on as she entered the room and both were covered, but why did Amy call her there?

Rachel tried to say something, but the words just wouldn't come out of her mouth. The scene transfixed her. That did not go unnoticed for the couple, as both were looking straight at her.

They didn't need to hide it from her anymore and started to let it go: Amy opened her legs and jumped up and down on Jeff's cock, moaning louder with each thrust.

Rachel was still a few feet away from them on the bed, when, on the apex of the love-making his cock slipped out of Amy's pussy. Both looked at her in silence, and nothing happened for a moment. But suddenly, without needing to be asked, my girlfriend closed the distance between the three of them by getting on all fours in the bed, and held his cock.

It had been a while since she touched a cock other than mine, and she savored the moment. It felt different. Shivering on the sensation that holding it brought her, Rachel realized that she was lightly stroking it for what seemed to be ages, even though it probably only lasted seconds. She guided the, now even harder, cock into her friend's gaping pussy.

As the couple resumed the fucking, Rachel brought the wet hand near her face, smelling the scent of her friend's love-fluid. Absent-mindedly, she took a finger to her mouth. 'Oh my fuck, it tastes so good' she though, as she looked up and saw the couple watching her, which made her blush profusely.

That sight must have been too much for Jeff, because with a hard last thrust, my girlfriend saw his balls twitch and body tense as he came deep inside Amy.

Her friend unmounted the shriveling cock, giving way for her boyfriend get off the bed, then laid back down with her legs open wide.

Rachel saw the cum trickling from the pussy in front of her and without even noticing, started approaching her face to it when her girlfriends voice startled her.

"So, was it worth COME-ing to our room?" she asked, emphasizing the 'come'.

"I-I d-don-" started stuttering my girlfriend as Amy interrupted her. "I know you liked, you don't need to hide it" she continued, as the other woman blushed even more, not knowing what to say. "You can taste if you want. Here, have some" Amy said sliding a finger between her legs, gathering a bit of cum, directing to my girlfriend's mouth, but stopping her hand just short from it.

Rachel looked at the finger, with the sticky fluid forming a string from the pussy to the finger, then looks back to her friend.

"I'm not gonna force-feed you, but you can try it if you want, no one will judge you" said Amy.

As if those words made her conscience soften, Rachel approached the finger and enveloped it in her mouth. She thought about how it was so much different than my cum, and she could also taste Amy's pussy juice mixed in it.

Just when she was starting to forget that the two of them weren't the only ones in the room, realizing that she was still on her fours, Rachel felt a pair of hands grip her hips.

"I knew you would be into it when you gave me that show in the bathroom" said suddenly Jeff, startling my girlfriend.

"WHAT THE FUCK?! It was you???" exclaimed Rachel, as she suddenly realized it wasn't me whom she spoke to earlier.

"Oh, come on! You didn't object when I saw you buck-naked, showering in front of me, even presenting your tit while asking for the towel looking straight at me!"

"I didn't have my glasses! Of course I didn't know it was you!" my girlfriend tried to defend herself.

"Well, let's see how much of that is true" he said slipping his fingers inside the crotch of her shorts.

Before she could object, her friend held her face and planted a deep kiss in her mouth. Rachel opened her mouth in an instinctive reaction, and, although not reacting at first, slowly started reciprocating, entwining her own tongue on Amy's.

"VERY wet, I don't think I've ever seeing anything like that" said Jeff, pushing aside the crotch of Rachel's shorts, easily sliding two fingers inside her. "Look at that" he held his hand up, showing his girlfriend a string forming between his fingers. "Rachel, you're pouring!".

From that point on, my girlfriend gave up any pretense of resisting, and offered her fully to the couple. No more did she resist the fingers moving roaming inside her shorts, but even helped, bringing up her ass, giving him easier access.

She felt strange, being fingered by someone she knew from Uni, whom she would still have to see every day in classes as soon as they went back. But that didn't stop her from breaking her kiss with Amy and bring her head down, in the direction of her friend's open sex.

In doing so, she subconsciously lifted her ass even more. She felt like a proper slut, but that was OK, no one was judging her. With this thought in her head, Rachel arched her back, putting her even more in display, opening her legs so Jeff could play freely with her oh-so-wet pussy. 'I bet he can feel how tight my asshole is, how horny all this is making me' she thought, 'like a proper slut'.

By now the cum had already poured from Amy's pussy and into the bed, and my gf started to lick her tights, then her pussy, then even using her fingers, digging into her friend in search for more.

All while her friend was starting to feel pleasure from it, getting off on my girlfriend's thirst for cum. Amy tilted her head back and enjoyed the moment.

Her only reasoning now was to be pleasured. My girlfriend shoved a hand inside her top and started to play with her nipples, making her tits sway in front of the everyone. Entirely taken, in bed with a naked couple, she was already going crazy, when the feeling of something pushing against her pussy broke her thought.

With the shorts still on, only pushed aside, Jeff started to press his cock on her opening, teasing her. 'This feels so good, I need it inside me' was all sha managed to think. But he only teased her. Rachel started to bring her ass in his direction, but he held her by the hips, stopping the movement, and resumed the teasing.

My girlfriend lifted her head from the pussy and asked for it, pleaded even, but he kept only teasing.

"Give me your cock!"

"Say please."

"Please give me your cock."

"Oh you want it? Say that you want it!"

"I want your cock!"

"Say where you want it."

"Inside my pussy!"

"Louder!"

"INSIDE MY PUSS-" Rachel almost screamed as the dick suddenly plunged inside her.

Incapable of doing anything else, she just sunk her head on the mattress, trying to muffle her screams.

The sensation, the pleasure, it was completely different from when we fucked, it has been such a long time since she felt something that resembled it. Not even two minutes getting fucked, she was already cumming. She raised her head, she needed to moan loud, she needed them to hear her moaning

"YES, FUCK ME, FUCK ME" she screamed as she started to cum.

Just as she started to feel the wave of pleasure, she felt another orgasm coming over, then another, then another.

Rachel screamed, she knew what she was doing, but couldn't even hear what was coming out of her mouth, just feel ever-growing pleasure flowing into her.

Her trance state was suddenly disrupted when Jeff announced he was going to come.

"INSIDE ME, COME INSIDE ME" my girlfriend pleaded.

And that he did. After a few more hard thrusts, Jeff tensed up as deep as he could inside her, as she, once again, sunk her head in the mattress and lifted her butt as much she could, offering herself entirely to the pleasure that as being brought upon her.

She felt the cock leave her insides and, after a few moments also felt the fluid start to drip from her, forming a puddle inside her shorts. Without changing positions, Rachel put her hand between her legs, feeling the cum in it, engulfing her fingers in it, then brought it to her mouth. The taste was even better than what she felt before. She repeated the process until that was little else for her to lick.

Thoroughly spent, Rachel laid back on the bed while the couple did the same. The threesome stayed in silence, contemplating what had just happened. Without a word been spoken, they knew the dynamics for this weekend had changed entirely.

Gathering her thoughts, she looked down at herself: nipples almost peaking from the disheveled top, beads of sweat covering her breasts, trickling from her stomach to the trimmed patch of fur above her pussy exposed as her shorts were pulled a fairly bit down her thighs. Rachel touched her sticky thighs, feeling the wetness of her insides, unsure if it was from her pussy juices or remnants of cum.

She then looked at her clock, realising how much time had gone by, and worriedly, without saying a word to them, opened the door and left the room.

It was just the beginning of very enjoyable weekend... 


Weekend at the Beach House Pt. 02

The morning after I woke up alone in bed, coming to my senses as I heard voices from kitchen. 'Everyone is probably up and eating already' I though. The images of the events from last night started flowing in my head, and I had to stay in the room for a while waiting for my erection to subside.

I opened the door and was greeted with an amazing view of my girlfriend as they had breakfast: our three friends were sitting on the table, and Rachel was picking something up from the floor, her ass turned to me.

She still wore the same clothes from yesterday and I could clearly see that the shorts had not dried fully! Her big butt was bursting through it, the piece of fabric completely disappeared between her cheeks, leaving only the insides of her pussy lips covered.

I started to get another hard on as I greeted everyone and quickly sat on the table to conceal it. Rachel had already finished eating and was up and tidying the house, giving anyone that wanted to look a, only partially obstructed, view of her body.

Everyone else finished eating and were leaving the table when Sarah whispered in my ear "Don't forget our photo shooting today", and, looking around to be sure no one saw, she gave me a peck on the lips.

We took turns taking shower, as the house only had the one bathroom, and before long were heading to the beach.

The sun shone hard as temperatures were well above the 30°C, without a single cloud in the sky. We did not have a beach umbrella, and the beach did not have anywhere we could catch some shade.

We walked a bit on the sand, looking for an empty place to sit. Soon enough we found one, and the girls dropped their towels in the sand and took off their covers, showing what they were hiding underneath.

Apparently, they went shopping beforehand, because they had matching, real low cut, bikinis, as they proudly showed. They seemed to be ready to put on a bit of a show, modeling to us.

My girlfriend was the curviest of the lot, and as she posed in front of our group, we could see her ass engulfing the whole back of the bottoms. The front barely covered her pubes, looking closely you would even see the parts that she shaved. The top was as small as, not even starting to contain her big tits, in a way that she had to adjust it at every moment just to avoid having a nip slip.

Amy was the skinnier of the trio, and the only one whose bikini actually fit properly. She had clearly chosen a smaller side, but it still wasn't as risqué as on the other girls. The bottom showed a good portion of her shaven mounds, well-defined abs and the top framed nicely her small bosom.

Sarah's body resembled my girlfriend's, but in a more petite way, although her proportions looked more extreme in her small figure. Her bubble butt enveloped the backside - if you looked from afar it was as if she was bottomless - the front part was so low that one could see a faint smidge of her pubes. The top seemed like at least one size too small so that, like Rachel, it had to be frequently adjusted so that her nipples would stay covered.

We stayed a bit on the sand, taking turns going into the water so we wouldn't leave our belongings unattended, but the heat was unbearable without a shelter, and we decided it would be better to just go back to te house.

Rachel was the last to leave the water and just when she was walking towards us, a massive wave hit her from behind. Before we could even start to worry, she surfaced, saying she was fine, although covered in sand.

The thing about getting dunked by a wave is that it is a really confusing event. The moment that you find yourself trapped under water there's only one though passing through your brain: to surface and breathe. So, in the few seconds that it (hopefully) lasts, you can even try to hold on to your clothes, and not get dragged in the sand but sure enough, it won't work as expected.

Case in point - my girlfriend standing in the shallow water, right tit entirely out of the bikini, the left one just barely holding into it, bottoms down from their original place by a few centimeters, leaving her hips as exposed as the upper part of her pussy.

"Oh my god, I'm totally covered in sand!" Rachel said, walking towards us. "Hmm, babe" I said pointing to her disheveled (lack of) clothing.

Blushing a bit, she quickly put it back into place, but not before having the attention of all the males in the vicinity, including Jeff, that got even a step closer to have a better view.

Although Rachel and I have our agreement about getting involved with other people, and even though Jeff had been inside her just mere hours ago, I couldn't help but feel uneasy about him looking at her naked bits. It might be because we study together, see each other frequently, and also that I've seen him checking her out, even commenting about her body with other guys, but I couldn't help but feel a bit of jealously.

We started coming back to the house as Rachel walked by my side "There's sand EVERYWHERE" she complained, pulling the top away from her skin showing her sand-covered nipples. I tried to make her wait until the house to clean herself, but she wouldn't have it, and kept catching the attention of every passer-by with her frequently exposing glimpses of her already too exposed body.

Eventually, we made it to the house. As soon as we opened the door, Rachel headed straight to the outdoor shower, as I went inside to fill our cooler with ice and beers.

I half expected Jeff to help me, so when he didn't show up, I knew something was going on. Sure enough, as I step outside, there was my girlfriend, in her naked majesty taking a shower in front of all our friends.

In her defense, at least she had the modesty of facing away from them, although I wondered what kind of view they had as she bent over.

As she heard me leaving the house, she half turned in our direction, giving us a bit of side-boob action. I though Jeff was going to strain his neck trying to catch a view of her nipples, but she quickly spun around and put the bikini back on.

We discussed going to a more private beach when Amy chimed in, saying she knows a good one that was about 30 minutes away. Since her parents owned the house we were staying, and she came by often, we took her word for it. And off we went.

A couple kilometers from the house we found a small shop that had some parasols displayed up front. So we stopped, bought one and kept driving.

The street leading to the beach hit a dead end at a small parking lot, its emptiness was a good sign. Leaving the car, we went through a short pathway and arrived in paradise!

The water was clear, the sand was white and, best of all: empty! As we settled down, I studied its geography: from our right we could see a few kilometers of the beach. Nearest people were just barely visible far away, then small groups every few hundred meters or so. It sure seemed that everyone wanted a bit of space to be alone. To our left, the shoreline made a steep curve, in a way that if anyone walked through it, we would only see when they were less than 100 meters from us.

The girls quickly laid down, sharing the two towels we had between the 3 of them, their backs to the sun. Our beach umbrella was set to their left, and bellow it stayed the cooler, Jeff and me, sitting on one of those foldable beach chairs.

The girls were entertaining themselves, so Jeff and I just leaned back drinking some beer and discussing football. Turned out we rooted for the same club.

A few minutes go by, and I notice some movement from the girls: they had untied their bikini tops but were still laying down on her bellies. As I started looking away, my girlfriend changed positions, now supporting her weight on her elbows. Now the entirety of her tits was hanging free, bar the nipples that were, just barely, kept hidden by the towel. If you watched closely, even the aureolae was visible.

I started talking to Jeff to try and shift his attention from my girlfriend's boobs, and after a while he looked away from her. We talked some more until he turned down to get more beers in the cooler but seemed to be entertained by something to our right.

As the sun started hitting its apex in the blue sky, the girls started to even their tan by laying on their backs. At this point we had all been drinking for some time, and it was starting to show: the trio just discarded their tops, their tits standing proudly pointing up. Rachel saw that she had our attention, and, pretending not to notice, adjusted the bottoms, giving us just a fleeting glimpse of what hid underneath it.

Jeff had already dismissed any attempt of conversation with me, focusing solely on the girls, so I followed suit.

Suddenly, while we were too distracted by the show in front of us, two guys came from the beach to our left. I only saw when they were already behind us. They stopped for a while, not even attempting to hide they were looking at the naked beauties.

Drunk enough, the girls didn't even bother covering up. The guys stood there watching for almost a minute, pretending to talk between them, and looking at their phones. At some point one of them even pointed it at the girls, and I suspect he might have taken a photo before going their way.

Not long after, the girls announced they were going to the water. Undoubtedly, Jeff and I went right after, bringing some more beers with us, to keep the buzz going.

The beach had shallow water as far as we could walk, so it didn't matter how far we went from the shore, it was barely at hip level of the shortest of us.

Walking in after the girls were already sitting, I realized just how exposed they were. From my point of view, it was clear that they were topless. Full breasts and nipples were on the menu as of now.

We sat in a circle talking, with my girlfriend to my right, Jeff and Amy besides her, then Sarah. A few minutes in, I feel Rachel starting to get closer to me. It goes on, until she is basically on my lap.

I grabbed her hips, and she immediately brought her hands to my cock "Well well well, what do we have here?" she asked with a smile.

"That's the effect you have on me, babe" I responded.

"Me, or the other two topless girls?"

"That too, but mostly you, exhibiting yourself like that" I smirked.

"If you don't like it, I can stop right now and cover up..." she bluffed. Rachel knew damn well just how much these kinds of situations turn me on.

"Oh, stop it, you know it makes me as horny as it does you..." I said, discreetly freeing my dick and placing it between her butt cheeks "But what's with you, showing yourself so frequently like that?"

"Even I don't know what's going on... I think that what happened yesterday woke up the slut in me!" Rachel said, trying to, subtlety but steadily, so as not to attract attention to us, direct my cock right up her slit. "Instead of just thinking about showing myself, my body is just doing it automatically, disregarding any consequences".

By then neither of us could concentrate on the conversation with the others, the only thing we could think of was how we could get away with fucking right in front of our friends. Figuring I should be able to control myself well enough, and if Rachel gave up what we were doing it wouldn't be that bad, in light of what had already happened, I just pulled the crotch of her bottoms to the side and slid myself in.

Torturing her a bit, like she did to me all day, I moved really slow, penetrating the head, slowly going all inside her, then, at the same pace, withdrawing from her and repeating.

Moving automatically, I'm eventually able to pay attention to the conversation. Apparently, at some point Sarah had confessed to them about the online nudes and said that she was hoping to get a few photos taken on this trip.

I could see that Rachel's breath becoming more agitated and knew she must be somewhat close to cumming. Just then, I realise everyone is looking at me.

"So, can you?" Sarah asked me.

"Can I... What?"

"Oh my God, what were you two doing? Anyway, can you take some more photos of me? Pretty pleaseeeeee?" She pleaded, looking at me with puppy-eyes.

'Well, if I ever so no to that, kill me' I thought. Then looked and Rachel and decided to test her boundaries.

Caught up, at least partially, on the conversation, Rachel glares at me, as if saying 'don't you dare take you cock from me NOW'.

Deciding to tease her more, I agree, and start walking to our umbrella to get a camera. Carefully concealing erection as I stand with my back to them.

As I make my way back, Sarah is already stepping away from the group for some privacy. I walk to her, and she start explaining to me the kind of the poses she wants.

As if taking photos of my girlfriend's hot friend naked wasn't enough, here we were, on a private beach where anyone could just walk by at any time and see this naked beauty.

Before we started, I stole a glance of what the trio was doing, wondering if Rachel would let something happen between Jeff and herself, or if she would try and behave. What I saw clearly stated the former, as from my point of view I could already see him with an arm behind her, and the other on her front, no doubt fondling those horny nipples. Not gonna lie, although I felt a bit of jealousy, there was a throbbing erection inside my pants.

I was brought to reality by something hitting my face. I turned around to see where it came from and saw Sarah standing up and smiling mischievously. Naked. I turned my attention to the object thrown, and, sure enough, it was her last piece of clothing.

I moved over to her, feigning anger, and as she started to worry, I pushed her right into the water. When she surfaced, I was already on top of her.

Of course, my priority was to take some good photos of her - turns out photographing is a hobby of mine, I love to travel and take some pictures whenever I can - but if I'm being completely honest, I did take some advantage.

As Sarah surfaces, I already have my hips pressed to hers. As she realizes what's happening, the biggest, naughtiest smile comes to her face. *snap*

She manages to hold herself in the position while I take some close-ups. *snap* *snap*

Sarah arches her back, making her tits stay, just barely, above water-level. *snap*

I decide to get a little bold, and using my free hand, use it to squeeze one of her perfect breasts. Not even my whole hand I can envelop it whole. I snap anyway.

Repeating the same motion with the other tit, this time pinching a nipple in-between my fingers. *snap*

Standing up, I offer my hand for her to do as well. She strikes some poses: hand in hips, holding her breasts, hiding them behind her arms, your usual OnlyFans girl's agenda. Some explicit ones as well. I don't wanna be repetitive here. Those camera lenses recorded every last inch of that beautifully proportioned body of hers.

We were just about done when I heard some splashing in the water and voices I didn't recognize.

I got distracted by my naked model coming up to me and asking if I had any idea of any poses. Before my brain could start processing my thoughts, she kissed me.

Being kissed by a gorgeous naked girl makes it really difficult to think of anything else for a while, so I just let go as we made out, my hands roaming her wet and hot body all the while.

When she finally broke the kiss, I started to remember what was happening just moments ago, and turned to look in the direction of the group.

I couldn't believe on how welcoming my (by now, probably) nude girlfriend was being with those strangers as I saw her leave Jeff's lap and join one of theirs.

That was a little too much for me, and I took Sarah's hand, whom by now had already gotten dressed - with as many clothes were available - and started moving towards the group.

Seeing me, Rachel started running in my direction, embracing me. Through the crystal clear-water, I could see all her nakedness, from tit to toe, and asked what was that all about.

"Well, after you left, slowly but surely, Jeff started getting close to me. You must remember the state I was left in! I was SO close to cumming! So, anyway, I knew he was up to something, but I was so horny I could barely think straight and judging from the way Amy was looking at us, I knew she was aware of what was gonna happen.

"I almost melted over him as he grabbed my ass cheeks. Reading my reaction, he started making his move faster. When I realised, he already had one hand on my tit and the other between my legs. I was sure he could feel how horny I was.

"I closed my eyes and rested the back of my head on his shoulders, as he positioned himself behind me, undoing the laces of my bikini bottoms, leaving them floating in the water. I could feel his hard cock teasing me, babe. Remember that you were responsible for me being in that position. Speaking of position, he fucked me doggy style.

"Just when I thought I would finally be able to come, I heard some voices, but didn't even bothered to look, even as Amy and Jeff interacted with them.

"When I realized, the two creepy guys that were drooling over our titties before were joining us in the water!

"Trying not to make obvious that I was being fucked, I leaned back, touching Jeff's chest, and slowly kept on rocking in his cock. As we made small talk, it didn't take long for the guys to notice a floating bikini bottom.

"They went crazy! It was clear that we were topless, but soon they started teasing us, trying to figure out which one of us was totally naked.

"Amy quickly stood up, leaving them with an up-close view of her tight body. Her nipples were so hard, and I know it wasn't from cold water! 'I have my bottoms right here, boys' she teased them, slipping her fingers through the waistband, tugging it down a bit. They sure liked the view.

"Well, that left just one of us naked, and they quickly turned around as I let out a moan. Seeing his own girlfriend teasing the guys must've been too much, as Jeff picked up the pace, spreading my legs wide, as I, as embarrassed as horny, couldn't help but blush and keep moaning.

"The guys surrounded me, but I think they were unsure whether to touch me or not, so they just admired my body as Jeff came deep inside me.

"Then, out of nowhere, Jeff basically throws me on one of the guy's lap! I still could barely move, which they took for consent! The one I landed on quickly whipped out his dick and started to put it inside me when I saw you. Before I could even get up, though, that bastard still managed to shove it inside me! I think a few minutes more and my pussy would have another creampie!"

By then it was already one o'clock and we hadn't eaten yet, so I went to the group and suggested we go back to the house, with my girlfriend standing proudly naked by my side. As everyone else started to get up and leave the water, I asked Rachel about her bottoms. She said it was with the guys, and they would give it to her later. I noticed the double entendre but decided not to comment on it.

We started packing up to leave, Amy and Sarah put on their tops, and when I went to check on Rachel, and I found her nonchalantly talking to the guys, still naked. I walked over, as the guys for some reason started to walk to the car with the group, and questioned her, but she just shrugged. "I'll tell you later" she said with a wink as she wrapped a towel around her body.

Getting to the car, to my surprise, Rachel quickly hopped into the back, saying that we were giving the guys a ride, because they lived near the house. It all happened so fast that, before I could even react, Amy was already sitting on Jeff's lap, Sarah in the passenger seat, and my girlfriend practically laying between the guys.

I started driving when I heard some shuffling in the back seat, I couldn't look, but from the sounds it seemed that Rachel had shifted to the lap of the guy sitting behind me.

As we left the dirt road that led to the beach and hit the highway, I started to hear a bit of a thumping noise, it kept on for a while, then stopped. I looked around and seemed like everyone apart from my girlfriend and our two guests were asleep.

Not even a minute later, I hear some soft moan and a giggle, then my girlfriend started shuffling around again. By now, the towel she was wearing was but a cape, hiding nothing, legs spread eagle as she tried to position herself, tits jiggling along with the movement of the car, she ended up on top of the guy sitting in the mid seat.

I adjusted the rear-view mirror so that I could try and see whatever was going on. Rachel caught on that and looked at me straight in the eyes. Without breaking sight, she moved her hands down, liberating the guy's cock from his pants and positioned it right between her legs.

She gave me a devious smile as her hands started working up and down the shaft, its head dabbing in her juices, rubbing up and down her slit, up to the clit, stopping there for a moment, then down until her love hole, teasing at its entrance, then repeating the motion.

So that's the noise I heard! Judging from her wet hands, the other guy must've come in her hands.

The closer we got to the house the more impatient Rachel seemed to grow. I saw her spit in her hand, then start working up and down the cock faster, but the guy still didn't seem like he was gonna come anytime soon. When we slowed down for some speed bumps, she looked me in the eyes again, and in a fluid motion, I saw she just barely lifting her hips and shoving the cock inside her!

She rode him slowly, as not to wake the other people. Up and down she went. Just when I was already slowing the car down to a stop, as we arrived at their destination, I saw his balls start to twitch. She felt it too, and shamelessly, gave a couple of hard bounces on top of it as hard as she could.

From my point of view I saw my - now completely naked - girlfriend, with the towel that once covered her discarded by her sides, tits swaying with the car movement, a cock sunk deep inside her, with cum pouring all over it.

As we arrived, Rachel jumped out of the car without even bothering getting dressed and let the two guys out. One of them reached inside his pockets and gave her bikini bottom back. She proceeded to say her goodbyes, giving each a kiss on the lips. The street seemed empty, but I wondered if some lucky passer-by was able to catch a good look of her nakedness before she came back to the car.

We drove the rest of the way to the house in silence as I my girlfriend looked at me from the rear-view mirror and spread her cum-filled pussy, teasing me as she tried to clean herself as much as she could with the (small) pieces of her bikini. 


3