Fantasy Massage (F/M)

My heart raced as I stepped up to Jeannie's door and pressed the doorbell.  After a moment the door opened and Jeannie, with a bright smile, motioned me to come in.  We hugged, and she led me to the other room.  With a gleam in her eye, she slowly and deliberately removed her leather belt from the shorts she was wearing, and placed it, doubled up, on a shelf where it would be handy.  Then she told me to get undressed and she'd be back in a few minutes.  I took all my clothes off and placed myself face down on the massage table and started to relax.

A few moments later Jeannie knocked on the door.  "Are you ready, Rick?"  I told her that I was, and she entered the room.  I heard her place some things down on a nearby table, and then I felt her hands glide down my back and palpate my legs.  She did this to establish a rapport and also to determine where I was carrying stress.  Her hands also lightly brushed against my bare bottom, which always gets my attention.

Jeannie worked on my upper back and shoulders for a few minutes.  Her hands are so sensuous.  She knows the exact pressure to apply.  Then, with one hand pressing on my lower back, she said, "Keep still now.  Can you keep still?"

"Yes," I replied, as I always do, not knowing if I can keep still for what is coming next.

Jeannie grasped the doubled-up belt and gave me ten smart strokes across my bared bottom.  She applies the strokes powerfully, and has a follow-through that would be the envy of any tennis player.  I exclaimed with each stroke, and managed to keep reasonably still during the volley.  Then she worked on massaging my back for a few minutes, and then repeated the ten strokes with the belt.  I always tell her that I can keep still, because I really want to keep still, although many times I just can't.  There's a certain chemistry between us that makes me want to please her.

I usually get between sixty and a hundred and twenty strokes of whatever she is using during the massage.  Each set of ten strokes is spread out a few minutes apart.  Many times Jeannie will dance her fingers very lightly on my nether cheeks immediately before and after she gives the strokes.  That feather-touch of hers drives me wild.

After Jeannie expertly massaged my shoulders, back, neck, backside, and legs, frequently reddening my bared bottom with the belt, I heard the sounds of her putting on a disposable glove.  This always excites me, because it means that I'm going to get a good prostate massage as well.  What I didn't expect was the sound of something splashing in water.  

"Ivory soap is going to be your lube today, Rick," Jeannie casually stated.  With that, she put a generous amount of a softened bar of soap on her gloved finger.  She placed her gloved hand in front of my face for me to see.  The unique scent of Ivory permeated the air in front of me and immediately got me aroused.  The scent reminds me of soapsuds enemas I have had in the past.  I felt Jeannie's hand part my bottom, and for a tantalizingly few seconds, the cool surrounding air on my exposed vulnerability.  Then her slippery soapy finger made contact, and pushed in.  After a few seconds of probing Jeannie found my prostate and began to milk it, pressing quite hard on it while I groaned and squirmed.

"I don't know why you're making such a fuss," Jeannie commented.  "Maybe I should give you a couple dozen more strokes with the belt, do you think?" she continued.  "Or maybe I should get a strap-on dildo and work you over good.  Or I could give you a good hot soapy enema, and make you hold it for a while."  One time I did get an enema, or rather, a series of enemas, from Jeannie.  I'll talk about that another time.

She pulled out, took off the glove and put another one on.  "You need a little more work on that prostate," she said as she put another glob of soap on her gloved finger.  Jeannie drove her Ivory-soap-laden finger deep inside and brusquely massaged my prostate.  I couldn't help squirming and groaning some more as she worked my prostate, and I felt some fluid seeping from my turgid erection.  After a few moments she pulled out.  The soap residue that was inside me started to sting and make me restless.  The soap inside me was also stimulating my prostate.  I'm sure that Jeannie knew the effect it had on me.  It was at once an irritant to my insides, but also a turn-on, as manifested by my rock-hard erection.

"I think you deserve a couple dozen more strokes," Jeannie said as she retrieved the belt.  "Hold still now..."

Then she gave me twenty four good strong strokes across my bottom.  Of course I could not keep still during her ministrations, and Jeannie admonished me in various ways during the two dozen strokes.

"Time to turn over, Rick," Jeannie announced.  When I settled into position face up on the massage table, Jeannie proceeded to remove all of her clothing.  She knows that she is very attractive, and enjoys the attention from me when she is nude. 

While totally nude, she expertly massaged my face, neck, chest, abdominal area, and legs, frequently brushing her fingers lightly on my testicles.  My erection was pointing straight up in wholehearted approval of her methods.  My midsection ached with desire for Jeannie to bring me to ejaculation, but such was not the case for now.

Jeannie knows that my testicles and inner thighs are erogenous zones for me.  She spent several minutes lightly massaging that area with a featherlight touch.  When she does that, it just about drives me wild.  I was intensely craving relief the whole time she teased me.

"Okay now, I want you to scoot down a little," Jeannie commanded.  I moved several inches downward.  Jeannie climbed up onto the table and straddled me with her womanhood very close to my face.  "I want you to make me cum," she said.

I took in her sensuous scent that emanated from her bushy sexuality, and gently worked my tongue and mouth in and around her vaginal area.  I noticed that she was quite creamy from the start.  After a few moments of carefully noticing her reactions to each of my movements, I did the things that appeared to please her the most. It did not take her long to climax.  When Jeannie recovered from her paroxysms of orgasm, she climbed off the table, put some lotion on her hands and teased my testicles some more.  After several minutes of this, she brought me to a very powerful ejaculation.

-end-


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
