A New Career
by storyguy

Chapter 11

 "Whatcha doin'?" Annie heard Shannon ask. 

"I gotta go to Milo's. His client added a new item, some panties, to their catalog so I gotta pose with them," Annie answered as she walked. 

Shannon, walking alongside her now, asked, "Can I come watch? I'm still thinking of modeling like you." 

"I don't care. I'm not sure how Milo will feel though," Annie shrugged. She didn't mind Shannon watching and it made her feel good that Shannon looked up to her. 

The two arrived at Milo's apartment and he had no objection to Shannon watching. He also told Annie, much to her surprise, that Craig would be coming to do a re-shoot. She almost regretted letting Shannon come as she would rather have some private time with Craig. She hadn't seen or talked to him since the party, although that was only two days ago. She knew he was going to be busy yesterday with his family and expected to hear from him today anyway. 

A few minutes later Craig arrived and the three followed Milo into his studio. He told Annie she would be first as he set things up. On the table there were three different color panties. "I'm not sure what color they wanted for the picture, so we'll do all three, change into one of them," he instructed. 

Craig and Shannon sat on the couch at the back and Annie walked to the table. Shannon's eyes widened and she almost gasped as Annie stripped naked, then pulled on a pair of panties. Shannon suspected Annie would get naked in front of Milo, just to change, of course, but Craig was there and she had to know he would see her naked too. 

Annie did her thing, modeling the panties, but still topless. Milo, as was his custom, adjusted the garment, obviously touching Annie as he did. Shannon couldn't believe Annie was exposing her body in front of both Milo and Craig, but Milo didn't seem to react at all and Craig remained quiet. She never expected Annie to be topless. Annie had already begun to grow breasts and all could see them. 

Annie finished up and Craig was called up as Milo reset his camera. Annie dressed and walked to the couch where Shannon was sitting. "You got naked!" Shannon gasped, although softly. 

"So? I'm a model. Models get naked sometimes. It's no big deal," Annie brushed off. 

Shannon looked up just in time to see Craig take off his jeans. He was still wearing underwear, but Shannon had never seen a grown boy in just underwear. "He took his pants off! Is he gonna get naked too?" Shannon whispered to Annie. 

Craig put on a pair of dress slacks. "It doesn't look like it," Annie chuckled. 

"That's not fair. You got naked. I wanna see a naked boy," Shannon giggled. Annie didn't answer, but both watched as Craig put on a dress shirt and Milo took his pictures. They finished quickly and the three left the studio. 

"You want to come over to my place?" Annie asked Craig, then whispered in his ear. 

He whispered something back, then answered, "Sure." 

"You wanna come too, Shannon? You liked seeing him in underwear. Maybe, if you're lucky, you can see more," Annie baited. 

"Really? You'd show me more?" she gasped and Craig nodded. "Yeah!" Shannon grinned. The smile stayed on her face all the way to Annie's apartment. 

Once they were inside and settled, Annie said, "Let's go to my room." She lead the way and all three went to her room. She closed her door, then turned to Shannon. "You want to see a boy? ...naked?" Shannon, of course, nodded enthusiastically. "Craig?" Annie grinned. 

Shannon sat down on the bed as Craig began taking his shirt off. Shannon was focused on him and didn't notice Annie taking her top off too. Her smile got bigger as Shannon watched Craig's hands go to his jeans, undo them, and let them drop. He stood there, now only in his underwear, which was hiding an obvious erection. 

As he did that, Annie undressed down to her panties. Craig was now just standing there, being studied intently by Shannon. "Shannon, you're the only one completely dressed. Are you going to take your stuff off?" Annie asked. Shannon's head snapped toward Annie and saw her only in panties and topless. Her mouth gaped. "It's OK. It's only us and I told you part of modeling is getting naked sometimes, if you still want to model that is," Annie added as her panties dropped. 

Shannon was in shock. She hadn't expected being asked to undress too. It made her blush to think that Craig would show her his body without something in return. "Um... I guess so," she muttered as she pulled off her top, then pants, ending up in just panties. "I don't have boobs yet." 

"I bet if you take your panties off and get naked, Craig will too," Annie grinned. Shannon looked back at Craig to see him nodding. After pausing in thought, Shannon hooked her thumbs in her panties and pushed them down. As they fell her hand instinctively went to her crotch, covering her pussy. For the first time in her life she was naked in front of a boy and he was going to get naked too. 

Seeing the girls both naked, Craig grasped his underwear, pulling it out slightly in front, and dropping it down. His stiff cock bobbed slightly as it pointed skyward. Shannon's gaze was glued on his boyhood. He was no baby, which she had seen before, but a mature boy and he was hard, something her classmates talked about endlessly, but none had actually seen. 

After a few minutes of Shannon staring, Annie spoke up. "Go on... touch it if you want." Shannon blushed as she looked up at Craig, who nodded. Her eyes went back to his crotch, but she didn't move otherwise. "Go on, touch him. I bet he'd like it," Annie repeated. 

Tentatively her hand reached out. It wasn't her free hand, but the one covering her pussy, exposing it. Shannon wasn't really aware she was letting a boy see her most intimate treasure. Her mind was on the new, strange toy boys had between their legs. Her fingers wrapped around this strange object boys had. Shannon felt his cock twitch and snapped her hand away. "It moved!" she gasped. 

"Boys things do that all the time," Annie commented, trying to sound worldly. "Craig, why don't you go into the bathroom and wash it so it's squeaky clean," Annie told Craig. He just nodded and left the room. She then turned back to Shannon. "You know boys squirt when they climax, right?" 

"Yeah, I know that," Shannon answered indignantly, even though she really wasn't sure what Annie meant, but didn't want to admit it. 

"Did you know that the stuff a boy squirts makes a girl's boobs grow?" Annie continued. The puzzled look on Shannon's face told Annie she didn't know that, but was curious. "It's a secret most girls don't share. It really works. The girl with the biggest boobs in my class told me, so I tried it and you can see my boobs are growing," Annie boasted. 

"How do you get a boy's stuff to do that?" Shannon asked, still not understanding, but more intrigued. 

"It's easy. You use your mouth on his thing and when he squirts you just swallow his stuff," Annie replied. 

"I put his thing in my mouth???" Shannon gasped. "That's nasty!" 

"You said the same thing when I told you how to rub yourself. You don't think that's nasty now, do you?" Annie challenged. 

"No..." Shannon blushed. "That's different though." 

"Yeah, it's different, but not nasty. All girls do it when they get old enough. You are old enough, right? It's fun and the boys like it. Besides, it DOES make your boobs grow. Maybe yours will start growing if you do it. Don't you want boobs?" urged Annie. 

"Yeah, I guess so, but I don't know how," admitted Shannon. 

"That's why I told Craig to go wash. I'll show you how," Annie stated. 

The conversation was interrupted when Craig walked back into the room. He was still naked, naturally, and his boyhood stood proudly pointing at the ceiling. Shannon couldn't help but stare in fascination, even though the thought of taking the stiff cock into her mouth scared her. 

"Ready for your first lesson?" Annie grinned as she whispered to Shannon.


Chapter 12 

"Why don't you lay down on the bed, Craig," Annie suggested. 

Craig crawled onto the bed and settled on his back with his legs partly open. Annie got up and moved to the far side of the bed, also crawling up on it and ended up kneeling beside him. Shannon spun around so she was kneeling too, now not covering at all. Her focus was on his boyhood, the first she had seen aside from babies. 

Shannon, walking alongside her now, asked, "Can I come watch? I'm still thinking of modeling like you." 

Shannon was awestruck. Naturally, every girl knew what boys had between their legs, but actually seeing a hard boy was almost overwhelming. Even knowing what boys had it surprised her at how big it was. She couldn't imagine that going into her small opening between her legs. 

"Neat looking, isn't it," Annie grinned. Shannon blushed, but nodded anyway. "Touch it," Annie instructed. Shannon again nervously reached out and grabbed his cock loosely. "Touch his sack too. You can feel his balls in it. That's what makes his stuff," Annie commented. 

Shannon's hand slipped down and ran over his ball sack. "I feel them," she muttered. As she played with his boyhood, Craig's hand slid out and attempted to go between her closed legs. "What are you doing?" she gasped. 

"He wants to touch you, dummy. Open your legs and let him. He's letting you touch him," Annie answered. Shannon looked up at Annie in horror. "Go on, let him. He does pretty good. It feels good too," Annie encouraged. 

Shannon paused for a moment, then slowly parted her legs. She watched intently as Craig's hand went between then toward her pussy. She was the only one who had ever touched her there, that she could remember. Not even another girl had touched her and very few had even seen her and now a boy was touching her. His finger slid between her lower lips, not pushing in, just sliding along, making her smile even though she was scared. 

"See? It does feel good, doesn't it," Annie smiled. Her words made Shannon blush, but she didn't stop him. "Ready to try?" asked Annie, with no response. "I'll do it first and show you what to do, then you do it, OK?" she repeated; this time Shannon nodding slightly. Annie reached down grabbing Craig's cock. Shannon pulled her hand away. "Watch me," Annie commented. 

"The first thing you gotta remember is to keep your teeth away. You kinda hold your lips around your teeth like this," Annie began, demonstrating to Shannon. "Got it?" she questioned and Shannon nodded. "OK. I kinda like to kiss it before I start, but you don't have to if you don't want to. Then I just open my mouth and let it go in and then you sorta let it go in and out like you're eating a Popsicle. Just remember not to bite it." 

Annie then bent down, wrapped her hand around his stiffness, and kissed its tip. Shannon's eyes grew wide when Annie opened her mouth, then closed it around his cock. Her head bobbed up and down a few times, then she straightened up again. "Now you do it, but don't stop. Keep doing it until he shoots and then swallow as fast as you can." 

Shannon nodded. As she bent down she felt Craig's finger ( his hand still between her legs) push into her making her both smile and giggle. It felt good. She, like Annie, wrapped her hand around his erection, but for a moment she just stared at it. Nervously she stuck her tongue out and touched the tip of his cock. She had no idea what to expect, but tasted nothing really. 

She paused again, just looking at what was in her hand. His finger, now in her pussy, moved slightly. She had fingered herself many times, but his finger strangely felt different. It made her look up at him and smile knowingly. He smiled back and wiggled his finger again causing her to once more smile and this time blush. 

"You gonna do it?" Annie asked. Shannon looked back down at the cock in her hand. She opened her mouth, positioned her lips as Annie had shown her, then slowly guided her mouth around his dick. This time it tasted slightly salty, but wasn't vile at all. As she was told, she began moving her head back and forth. It felt like a hot dog in her mouth, but more ridged. Craig said nothing, so Shannon assumed she was doing it right. 

"I'm close," Craig muttered. Less than a minute later he blurted, "I'm cumming!" Suddenly Shannon's mouth filled. She tried to swallow but it was too much. She snapped up, letting the cock fall from her mouth as she choked. A rope of cum shot from Craig's erupting cock and hit her on the chest. 

Annie, seeing cum spurting, immediately dropped down and took his cock into her mouth, swallowing what was left of his boob growing serum. His eruption subsided and, after swallowing the last drop, Annie sat back up. "What happened?" she asked Shannon. 

"I choked," Shannon blushed. 

"That's why I told you to swallow as fast as you could," Annie admonished. 

"I know. I didn't think it would come out so fast," Shannon apologized again. "Next time I know what to expect. Sorry." 

"It's OK. You did good," Craig smiled at her, making Shannon smile. His hand had fallen away from her, but was still resting on the bed just below her pussy. He reached up again cupping her treasure. She giggled, but made no effort to move away from him. Slowly he began rubbing her again. 

Shannon had been nervous and even embarrassed when he had first touched her, but now was a bit more relaxed and the feeling of being touched by him proved intoxicating. She looked down at his hand, now with a finger pushing into her. Her breath sucked in as she was impaled by his digit. All her life, as short as it was, she had been told to never let anyone touch her there, but it felt so good. 

Her knees parted more, opening her legs giving him better access to her private treasure. Shannon couldn't help but watch his finger starting to move in and out of her body. Her finger had done this many times, but it still surprised her how different his finger felt. 

Annie watched Shannon get Craig's attention, which felt strange. She wasn't really jealous, but more envious. Still, it was fun seeing Shannon get fingered by him for what she thought was her first time. Shannon looked nervous, but wasn't stopping him. Slowly her legs were opening more and her breathing seemed to be getting deeper. "Like it, Shannon?" Annie grinned. Shannon looked up, didn't answer, and her face became more flushed. Annie leaned down and whispered into Craig's ear, "Make her climax." 

Both could tell Shannon was getting close. Her eyes narrowed and her hips were slightly moving. Suddenly she gasped, then held her breath. Annie recognized the signs and suspected she had just climaxed. Shannon's eyes closed and she held her breath for a moment, then almost started panting. 

After a short time Shannon's eyes opened and her face turned bright red as she giggled. "Did you just orgasm?" Annie asked and Shannon almost shamefully nodded. "Was it a good one?" Annie continued and again Shannon nodded. "What time are you supposed to be home?" Annie questioned. 

"Now!" Shannon gasped as she jumped off the bed, grabbing her clothes. She looked at Craig and Annie. "Are you going to watch me get dressed?" 

"You're worried about that after what just happened?" Annie smiled. Shannon just shrugged as she stepped into her panties. She quickly dressed and, as she rushed out of the room, yelled, "I'll see you tomorrow." 


13