      
      Part II
      
      Charles stood and sat on the hassock.  Susan and Lisa 
were on the floor at his feet.  He unzipped his pants and 
his briefs tented out, the bulge of his cock curving 
beneath the white cotton fabric of his underwear.  Watching 
Lisa closely he saw her swallow.  She did not take her eyes 
off his cock.  Susan still had her arm draped across Lisa 
and Charles noticed that she lightly stroked Lisa's leg.
      He unsnapped his pants and the fly parted, pressed 
aside by the strain of his cock.  Susan leaned toward Lisa 
to get a better look.  Lisa adjusted a little to give her 
room and Susan moved so that she was sitting shoulder to 
shoulder with Lisa.  Lisa could feel the length of Susan's 
naked leg against her own leg.  That, too, was turning her 
on.  Was she supposed to strip?  She wanted to.   She 
wanted to expose herself like her friends were doing, but 
decided to let Charles take the lead.  The erotic tension 
that had grown was the most exciting thing she had ever 
enjoyed.
      "Hey, y'all take my shoes off, please."
      Each girl untied and removed one of his shoes.  Susan 
ripped his sock from his foot and threw in over her 
shoulder.  Lisa removed his sock carefully, mainly because 
she wanted to enjoy the feeling of her fingers against his 
skin as her hands slid down his legs.
      Charles raised his butt from the hassock and pushed 
his pants down.  Lisa, concentrated on looking at the leg 
holes of his shorts.  The pressure of his erection caused a 
gap and she could see dark hair curling in a mass.  The 
juncture of his torso and his leg was lost in all the hair.  
It looked terribly nasty sexy to her.  She swallowed at the 
thought of running her tongue up that crease and tasting 
his skin.
      "Ready?" he asked, his hands poised at the waist band 
of his shorts.
      Lisa could only nod.  Susan said, "Yes, show us what 
you got big guy."
      He slid his shorts down and his cock sprang free, 
pointing up with a slight curve.  The tip of him flared 
smoothly from the darker shaft and was crowned with a 
pearly drop of clear fluid.  Lisa had to remind herself to 
breathe.
      "Oh, look," he said, taking a finger and picking up 
the fluid on the tip of his cock, "I'm wet, too."
      He held his finger out and his wife took his wrist and 
held his finger beneath her nose.  She closed her eye and 
breathed in the aroma of his sex.  She held it toward her 
friend.  Lisa leaned forward and smelled his scent.
      "Lisa, taste it," Susan said.
      Lisa looked at Susan and leaned forward, the pink tip 
of her tongue stretching out to lick the pre-come from his 
finger.  Charles's other hand was slowly stroking on his 
cock, moving back and forth.  Lisa and Susan leaned forward 
slightly to watch.
      "Have you ever just got to watch a guy jack-off?" he 
asked.
      Lisa shook her head no.
      "Are you enjoying it?"
      "Yes."
      "And, is that nasty sex?"  
      "Yes.  And I like it.  I like it a lot."
      Susan had a hand between her legs and was slowly 
rubbing herself.
      Charles leaned back and spread his legs wide.  The 
girls could see his testicles moving in rhythm of his 
pumping fist.  They could see the dark, hair-lined crack of 
his ass disappearing into the seat cushion.
      Susan stretched a hand forward and hefted his balls, 
moving them gently on her fingers.  He put his head back 
and closed his eyes to enjoy the sensation.  Her hand was 
warm from between her legs.
      Susan turned to Lisa.  "Do you want to feel him?"
      In response, Lisa stretched her hand out.  Susan took 
Lisa's hand in hers and pressed it against Charles's balls.  
Lisa's hand was cool and the contrast between his heated 
skin and the coolness of her touch caused his cock to 
twitch with an involuntary contraction.
      He looked at them and said, "Sit close together."  
They moved closer and he scooted the hassock closer.  Their 
legs had to move to the side of the hassock.  He raised his 
feet and put them on either side of the girls and rested 
them on the couch at their back.  He leaned back so that 
his cock pointed straight up into the air as he continued 
to stroke it slowly.  He felt Susan's finger probe the 
crack of his ass.  He moved forward and raised his ass off 
the cushion.  Susan spread his cheeks and smiled at Lisa.  
Lisa bent her head down so she could see his asshole as 
Susan spread him.
      "Touch him," Susan said.
      Lisa reached one finger out and ran it lightly over 
the exposed ring of his asshole.  His legs flexed in 
pleasure.  Susan leaned forward and licked the tip of his 
cock.  Susan took Lisa's hand in hers and sucked Lisa's 
fingers into her mouth, making them wet.  She pushed her 
hand back down to where Lisa could stroke his ass.  Lisa 
wanted to put her finger inside of him. She wanted to 
finger fuck his ass, but wasn't sure if she should.  She 
rubbed her wet finger around his asshole.
      "So," Charles said, "Enjoy?"
      "Yes." Lisa said.
      "How about this?"  He moved, lifting one leg over 
Susan and repositioning himself with his knees on the 
hassock, spread so that the girls could see him stroking 
his cock.  Lisa, without prompting reached up and ran her 
hand over his ass.  Susan joined her in rubbing his ass.   
Lisa spread his cheeks and she looked at the secret parts 
of him.  His cock looked huge in this position, the curved 
root of him adding to his length.
      "I'm sorry," Susan said, "I have to have him in my 
mouth."  She swung around with her back toward him and 
leaned her head back.  He raised his hips so she could push 
underneath him and take the tip of his cock into her mouth.  
Susan took Lisa's hand and moved it to his cock.
      Lisa gripped him, enjoying the smooth hardness of his 
erection and its heat.  She started to move her hand back 
and forth.  She was on her side, facing Susan.  Susan's 
hand rested lightly on her thigh, high up where her leg 
emerged from her shorts.  Lisa stroked him back and forth 
and could not stop looking at where the tip of him 
disappeared into her friend's mouth.  She was jacking him 
off in her friend's mouth.  Charles hands were folded under 
his face.
      Susan started to move, taking more of him into her 
mouth.  Soon, the edge of Lisa's hand was wet from Susan's 
lips where they met on his cock.  His scrotum rested on the 
other edge of her fist, heavy and warm with the weight and 
heat of his balls.  It moved, almost seeming to flow over 
her hand as she moved it back and forth.  The skin on his 
scrotum looked so soft and smooth.  She leaned forward and 
touched him there with her tongue.
      His cock was becoming wet with Susan's saliva and 
Lisa's hands moved easier and slicker over his cock.  After 
that one tentative touch of her tongue on his balls, she 
leaned back so she could see.   Susan reached up with her 
hand and found the back of her head.  She pulled her 
forward, her invitation clear.  Lisa followed that lead and 
licked his cock between her fist and Susan's mouth.  She 
let his balls rest flat on her tongue.  Her tongue moved 
over the skin stretched tight just behind his scrotum.  She 
knew what she wanted to do.
      She moved her tongue up the crack of his ass, feeling 
his cheeks on either side of her tongue and feeling the 
texture of his hair.  She pressed her tongue deeper, 
seeking to lick him the way she'd seen him lick Susan.  She 
felt the tiny ridges that surrounded his asshole and she 
licked him there.  She was licking his asshole.  She had 
never been turned on more than she was right now by the 
wanton, unabashed sex that was happening.
      Charles started to moan and clinch his legs.  "If you 
don't want to make me come, you both better stop."
      Susan moved his cock from her mouth and said, "Come 
baby.  It's okay."  She looked at Lisa.  "Get him off in my 
mouth."  Lisa could only nod. 
      Lisa continued to watch close as she stroked his cock.  
He started to move his hips back and forth.  It is like 
he's fucking her mouth, Lisa thought.  I want this.  I want 
to do this.
      She moved his cock harder and harder.  Suddenly, she 
was surprised to feel one of Susan's fingers press into the 
leg of her shorts.  She moved her leg to give Susan more 
access and the finger slipped beneath her panties.  She 
knew that Susan could feel how wet she'd become.
      Susan's thighs were clenching, pressing her clit 
between folds of skin.  She could feel the wetness between 
Lisa's legs.  Because of the position they were in, she 
could not get her finger inside Lisa, but she ran it back 
and forth, trying to get an angle where she could stimulate 
Lisa's clit.  Her mouth remained on her husband's cock.
      "I'm gonna come," he said.
      Lisa put a hand flat on his ass.  She could feel the 
muscle there, tightening and releasing, pumping as his cock 
pumped in and out of Susan's mouth.  She wanted to watch.  
She could see his ass glistening from her saliva.  His cock 
and her hand glistened from Susan's saliva.
      By clenching her legs, Susan gave herself a small 
orgasm.  Lisa moved her hips, trying to press as hard as 
possible against Susan's finger.  Charles moved his hips as 
if her were fucking, trying to stretch out the sensations 
and achieve release, all at the same time.
      Lisa put her face closer to watch.  He started to 
come.  For the first time in her life she felt a cock 
pulsing in orgasm in her hand.  She watched with 
fascination the spasm of the root of his cock.  Susan laid 
her head flat and still, holding her mouth open, she let 
Lisa's hand do all the work.  Lisa pumped his cock.  He 
started to ejaculate.  He resisted the urge to plunge his 
cock into his wife's mouth.  He raised his hips, wanting 
Lisa to be able to see.
      Lisa watched his come erupt from his cock and shoot 
into Susan's mouth.  Susan laid her tongue flat against the 
underside of his cock and swallowed as he emptied into her 
mouth with a groan.
      "Oh my god," Lisa said.  Susan removed her finger from 
Lisa's shorts and for a moment, Lisa put her hand between 
her legs and squeezed, trying to appease the sexual itch of 
her pussy.
      Charles carefully rolled to the side and lay flat on 
the floor.  He laughed.  "Well, that was nice."
      "Yes, it was," Susan said.
      "I cannot believe we did that," Lisa said.
      "Did you enjoy?" Susan asked.
      "You know I did.  That was the hottest, nastiest thing 
I've ever done."
      "Did you enjoy jacking him off in my mouth?"
      "Oh, yes."
      "Did you enjoy licking him?"
      "Yes."
      "I couldn't see.  Did you lick his ass?"
      She blushed, but answered.  "Yes."
      "Fun, isn't it?"
      "Oh, yes."
      Charles propped his head up on his hand and said, 
"We're not through you know."
      "Yes," Lisa said quietly, "I know."

