Wall Street Pimp: Pumping Iron {Pan} (MF, intercourse, 
oral) pt. 02

2004/09/15

Max heard from Nina again in a week. He thought it was a 
good sign, instead of waiting another month to see the 
music student. Max wasn't sure if Nina was actually 
interested in him, just flirting, or needed the money he 
had been giving off her rent in exchange for their little 
games. The games were fun, but it was the uncertainty that 
made it fun, so when Nina called and asked him to come meet 
her for a tennis game, he said yes.

Nina asked to meet at her school's gymnasium.  Max offered 
to get her a guest pass to his high-end club uptown, but 
she refused, pouting that she liked her school's gym.  Max 
didn't care, so he agreed to meet her late one weekday 
night.  Nina had night-owl hours, Max figured.

Nina met Max by the entrance.  She wore a short tennis 
dress.  It was green, sleeveless, and dangerously showed 
off her legs.

"Hola, Max," she said with her sweet Spanish accent.

"Hola, commo estas?"

"Bien, senior.  Tu hablas Espanol!" she returned surprised.

Max use to have business in Mexico, so he did know some 
Spanish.  He could at least pass pleasantries about the 
weather, which was what he did with Nina.  He could also 
talk about the futures' market in Spanish, but he didn't 
think Nina would really care about that.

"You are a gentleman of many suprises.  Shall we play with 
some balls?" Nina threw a fuzzy yellow ball in the air and 
caught it again.

Max followed the nineteen year-old through the massive 
university gym.  Following Nina, Max watched the sway of 
her skirts which occassionally revealed shorts that were a 
cross between short bicycle shorts and panties.  He got an 
even better view of them when they went up a flight of 
stairs to the indoor court area.  They were almost 
scandalous, showing just a little ass, but they looked 
athletic and borderline.  Borderline or not, Max enjoyed 
the view.  When they reached the indoor courts, Nina passed 
some open courts to reach a court way in the back of the 
area, next to where the indoor volleyball courts began.

The university's female volleyball team was practicing in 
the court next to theirs.  Nina apparently knew a couple of 
them as she went over to say hi while Max took out his 
racket and began to stretch.  Max felt a little 
uncomfortable, being the only 40+ year-old in the immediate 
area.

"Are you going to take it easy on an old man?" Max asked 
Nina as she came back.

"I'm not that good, and you look pretty fit for an 'old 
man'."

Max's game was decent.  Like a good golf game, Max had 
found it useful in business to keep up his tennis game.  He 
had built his stock firm up on many golf course and tennis 
court meetings.  They started playing, and Nina was right, 
she wasn't very good.  Max aced Nina on his first serve.  
On his next serve -which he dailed the speed down on - Nina 
returned into the net.

There was no point in out-right crushing the pretty 
Spaniard.  Max ratcheted his game down, and allowed for 
longer volleys and even lost a few points and games.  Max 
noticed that as Nina ran headlong toward a ball, her skirt 
flew up to reveal her athletic panties.  Max decided this 
was a good thing, and made Nina work hard for many of her 
points.

After a few games, Nina was breathing hard, and trickled 
sweat down her face.  One strap of her tennis dress drooped 
off of her shoulder.  Max finished the game with a powerful 
slam down the line.

"Okay... no mas," Nina surrendered and went to sit on the 
bleachers.  Max sat down next to her and drank from his 
water bottle.

"Agua! Agua!" Nina reached out to beg for the water.

Max passed the bottle over and to the thirsty girl.  She 
drunk it and poured a little on her forehead.

"So, are you up for some late dinner?" Max offered.

"Sorry, but I'm meeting Antonio, my boyfriend, for a movie 
tonight.  Thanks, though.  I had fun, we should do this 
again sometime."

"Sure.  Yeah, it was a good time." Max responded 
cheerfully, but inside he was a little puzzled.

After Nina caught her breath, she excused herself to go to 
the locker room.  Max seeing that he had some energy to 
work off, asked where the weight room was.  After Nina gave 
him directions, she was off for her shower, and eventually 
to her movie with Antonio.

Max went down the stairs two at a time to the weight room.  
The place was empty, being about 11 PM at night.  The 
university gym was open all night because student workers 
were cheap and they either slept or did homework all night.  
The weight room was empty, though, since they only needed a 
student at the front desk.

As Max began his lifting routine, someone else entered the 
room.  It was a blonde in a volleyball uniform.  She was 
tall, five foot ten, with a pony-tail.  She wore knee pads, 
cotton shorts, and a loose jersey with the number "6".

She locked eyes with Max boldly.  Max nodded, greeting to 
her.

"Hi," she said fearlessly.

Max tried to concentrate on his one workout, while the 
blonde began to stretch in the corner.  Concentration soon 
went away when she took off her jersey.  Underneath she 
wore a red sports bra.

Two hundred and fifty pounds.  Max focused on the barbell 
and the ceiling above him.  He did a set of ten and sat up 
to rest.  The blond was now doing a hand stand.  Tone 
muscles stood out on her arms as she split her legs into a 
full upsidedown split.  Max lost his concentration.  Her 
firm butt cheeks split perfectly one hundred and eighty 
degrees in either direction creating a horizontal platform 
right on her crotch.  Max imagined being able to rest a can 
of Red Bull right on her pussy.  And she was holding still 
- upsidedown - enough to do it too.

"You're Max right?" the blonde said putting her feet back 
on the ground and standing up.

"Yeah, do I know you?"

"No, I'm a friend of Nina's," she said walking over with a 
little skip in her step.  "My name's Shannon."

"Nice to meet you.  That's an impressive trick, the 
handstand."

"I've always been pretty good with my body.  Good at 
sports... and stuff."

"I can see.  You play volleyball?"

"Varsity.  I'm on scholarship."

"Congratulations, you must be good."

"I'm okay.  Not good enough to make the Olympic team, but I 
was invited to try-out."

When Shannon stepped closer, Max could see her well defined 
six-pack.  It wasn't Arnold Schwartzeneger big, but her 
stomach was tight, flat, and had just enough hints of the 
six-pack.  She also had a smile that was infectious.  
Beaming with Californian energy.

"Just being invited must have been an honor."

"It was.  Though, it's not stopping our school from cutting 
my scholarship a little.  I wanted to ask you - Nina said 
you had some big bucks - if you wanted to make a donation 
to the Shannon athletic fund.  I'm kind of running a little 
bake sale."

"Sure.  I'm a retired old man, so I can't spare too much, 
but I can spare a little.  What kind of baked goods are you 
selling?"

"I'm selling similar things to what Nina's been selling 
you," she said.

Max was a little startled that his encounters with Nina had 
been outed, but he quickly recovered.  It would have been 
worse if he was married, or worried about his public image.  
Now that he was over forty and retired, he just didn't care 
about these things as much.

"I'm not sure I know what you're talking about," Max said 
not willing to give up his hand yet.  "Nina rents my 
apartment and is my friend."

"You know," she said dropping to her knees in front of his 
weight bench.

Max couldn't help but think her puffy white knee pads would 
make her pretty comfortable from that position.

"The kind of goods that are really tasty," she continued 
reaching a hand out to stroke Max's thigh.  But then 
Shannon hesitated.  "Unless of course I totally 
misunderstood.  Are you two really into each other?  I 
thought it was just business."

Max tried to imagine Nina at that moment.  She was probably 
with "Antonio", he thought.  She was probably in the back 
row of some movie theater right now sucking off the boy 
with her full, musically trained lips.

"No, it was just business," Max replied assuredly.  "Aren't 
you worried about privacy?"

"It's late.  Plus I locked the door, so we can hear if 
anyone's fiddling with it.  And I'm a gym rat, so I know 
the corners where the cameras don't reach, and this bench 
happens to be one of them."

"You've thought this through."

"So you know I'm serious.  Are you interested in some 
business?"

Max looked her over and the goods she brought to the table. 
Kneeling in front of him she didn't seem that tall.  She 
was a thin girl, but if he looked carefully, Max could see 
the tone muscles of an athlete.  Her red sports bra was 
packed tightly, so Max guessed she had amble breasts.  Her 
six pack waist was tone, but aslo thin.  Max could easily 
imagine wrapping his arms around them.  Shannon had classic 
blond features: long straight hair in a pony tail, and 
sparkling blue eyes.  She had small eyes, but with a 
sparkle of their own.  And her smile was big and without 
fear.

"Maybe," Max said with as much disinterest as he could 
muster.  "Nina and I already had a little workout before we 
played tennis, so it depends on what you're offering.  What 
are you offering?"

Max lied, but when negotiating multi-million dollar deals 
on Wall Street, he knew not to come to the table looking 
desperate.

"What?  Nina said she was going to save you for me.  Damn 
that bitch."

"Don't blame her, I pressured her.  I didn't know you guys 
were planning this."

"Well, if you have any left in you, how much would you give 
to fuck me?"

She was willing to go all the way, Max noted.

"Can I see some of the goods?"

Shannon nodded and pulled her sports bra over her head.  
She held her arms straight up dropping her bra from that 
height, to show of her chest.  She had full c-cup breasts, 
as Max suspected.  They looked firm, with little fat, and 
perky.  Max reached out and started fondling her left 
breast to the volleyball player's suprise.  Yep, they were 
very firm, Max confirmed.

"Being a little free there with the merchandise, eh?" she 
said showing hesitation in her voice for the first time.

"I need to know what I'm paying for.  We could close shop 
and call it a night if you want."

"No, no... the customer is always right, right?"

"Right," Max said putting his other hand on her other 
breast.  She relaxed as he fondled her tits with hard 
squeezes.

"That's pretty nice," Max said removing his hands and 
sitting up on the weight bench again, "but do you have 
anything special to offer?"

Shannon then spread her legs out below her going into a 
full split.

"How's that?  I was enrolled in gymnastic since I was six.  
Now, don't touch while I do this."

Shannon then leaned forward still doing a split.  With her 
face to the ground, she pushed up from her hands to bring 
her legs into the air.  Max just saw her tight butt cheaks 
rise towards his face, still with her legs going out to 
either side.  Max then noticed that her cotton shorts had 
button-snaps down either side.  They had use to be tear 
away pants, but they were cut to shorts.  Her legs then 
closed like scissors straight up, then finally she bent at 
the waist bringing her legs back to the ground and standing 
up.

"So, what's that worth to you?" the topless girl asked.

"A hundred," Max sad non chalantly.

"What?  Just a hundred?  But you gave Nina..." Shannon 
stuttered picking up her sports bra and holding it in front 
of her breasts.  "Why just a hundred?"

"It's a nice trick, but what do you want me to do?  Get 
into a handstand too?"

"That's not what I was implying.  How about two hundred?"

Two hundred would be cheap to fuck this girl, Max thought.  
But he wasn't done bargaining yet.

"Here, how about this?  I'll give you fifty, if you let me 
see the rest of it, and let me feel the goods.  And then 
I'll think about going for more."

Shannon bit her lip in contemplation, but then dropped her 
sports bra again.  She then pulled off her puffy knee pads, 
and slipped out of her sneakers.

"Leave your socks on," Max said.

After putting pads and shoes to the side, Shannon started 
to unsnap the sides of her shorts.  She left the top 
bottons on each side fastened, and then turned around.  She 
spread her legs out to her left and right going into a 
split again, but stopped short, until she was split at 
about 135 degrees.  She leaned forward until elbows rested 
on the ground and her nipples almost brushed against the 
carpet.

"You can take care of the final snaps," she said looking 
from over her shoulder.

Max undid the final two and pulled her shorts off.  
Underneath she didn't wear any panties - another pre-
meditated action.  Her vulva was surrounded by a narrow, 
well groomed patch of blonde hair - and she was already 
wet.  She smelled of sex and sweat.  Max reached out and 
plunged two fingers into the vagina that was at the height 
of his knees.  She sighed in relief that she had finally 
been touched, and that her pussy could finally put its 
lubricant on something.  She had been ready for a fuck ever 
since she had entered the room.  Max's negotiation had 
taken her off guard... and made her anticipate.

With his other hand, Max caressed the hard butt cheaks of 
the young athlete.  She was all muscle, smooth skin, and a 
layer of salty sweat.

"Have you done this before?" Max asked still plunging his 
fingers into her.

"No... but Nina said you were nice.  I like to fuck, I 
could use some cash, so why not?"

An amateur.  Unspoiled, Max thought.  She would normally go 
for a high price from what Max had experienced with 
professional agencies.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Max asked.

"I don't want to become a whore on the street, but this is 
okay."

"So are you going to be my whore tonight?" Max asked 
plunging three fingers into her vagina.

"Yikes... yeah... my cunt's got a vacancy if you're 
interested enough." Shannon said.

"A hundred and fifty," Max offered quickening the pace of 
his fingers.

"Ungh... please... two hundred..."

"Sorry, one fifty is my last order," Max said stopping his 
hands but leaving them halfway down Shannon's pussy.

"Oh... don't stop... okay.. one fifty... I'll take one 
fifty... please keep on going!" Shannon begged.

Shannon's fingers were clawed into the carpet now, and her 
ass started to rock back and forth trying to get Max's 
hands to continue fucking her.

One fifty, what a cheap bitch, Max thought.  The thought of 
getting a bargain turned him on even more.  This girl's 
first trick could have gone for more than ten times that 
amount at any escort agency.  Max loved the idea of getting 
her so cheap, and to have her bent over in front of him, 
begging to be fucked.

Max got up and pulled his shorts off.  Shannon stood up 
too, and looked longingly at Max's penis.  In a blink she 
was all over him.  She clenched his body in an embraced 
moving her face to kiss his.  While sucking down his tongue 
she grabbed his penis with both hands.  She pumped it with 
hurried strokes as she wrapped one leg around him, almost 
trying to climb him right there.  He lifted her up to his 
body and position her above his cock.  Then he let her go 
and let gravity drive her vagina down on his shaft.  Her 
stong legs tightented around his waist, her arms around his 
neck, and she groaned in pleasure into his ear.

"Shit... I might have done this for free."

Max held her steady as she pulled herslef up and down along 
his shaft.  He could feel her tone body coil and spring 
around him.  Inside she was soft and warm, greasing his 
penis like any woman would.  Max moved to straddle the 
weight bench, still holding her by her buttucks and back.  
Now he faced the walled mirror and saw the their 
reflection, a young blonde athlete crawling his body and 
penis like it was a rock wall.  He leaned her backwards 
until her back rested on the barbell itself.  She arched 
her body horizontal, resting her upperback on the bar, and 
letting Max hold up her pelvis.  Now Max had more room to 
move and began to pump into the blonde pussy with more 
force.  Max could hold her up now with one arm, so he let 
his left trace over her toned stomach and girating breasts.

Shannon looked above her and saw their reflection too.  She 
smiled back at Max and watched him thrust into her 
repeatedly.

"Geez... Nina said you were big, but... damn... ugh..."

"Does it feel good in your cunt?"

"Oh yes!  You... ughmmm... so deep... fuck yeah, my cunt 
loves it!"

"Then you should tell Nina.  Her cunt hasn't felt this 
yet."

"You haven't... oooh... fucked Nina yet?"

Max slowed down and genlty pulled Shannon off the bar.  He 
could see that he was starting to bruise her back on the 
metal, but she didn't seem to notice.  He withdrew and sat 
her down on the bench.

"No, just in the mouth."

"Well, I'll definitely tell her.  She's missing out."

Max mad Shannon lay down and spread her legs.  Shannon 
gripped the bar as if she was going to lift and spread her 
legs up and out until her feet touched the bars too.  Max 
crouched down and inserted himself into her again.  Shannon 
moaned as she felt even deeper penetration,

"Oh god!" she screamed tightening her grip on the bars.  
She looked as if she was trying to lift it, but really it 
was because of Max's penis fucking her that made her body 
flex in exctasy.  Her body then began to flex in 
convulsions, as she began to orgasm.

"Please stop! Stop.... oh god!" she said in pain.

Max wasn't finished yet, but he pulled out of the girl who 
started to shiver while laying on the bench.

"Holy crap..." she said reaching up towards Max.

Max pulled her up and pulled her into his chest.  She 
snuggled there, and shook with pleasure as he stroked her 
dishevelled blonde hair.

"That was awesome..." she said.

"Thanks, that'll be a hundred and fifty dollars, ms," he 
said.

"Very funny, wise ass."

"Well you need to at least finish me off.  You're not a 
very good trick if you're going to leave me with this."

Shannon looked down between them and saw Max's still rigid 
cock on her belly pointing straight up at her.  She smiled 
and scooted down until she could put his penis in her 
mouth.  It took her time to get use to his size, but soon 
she was bobbing her head smoothly.  Max was close, so it 
wasn't long before he came.

Afterwards they showered, and Max drove Shannon to her 
apartment.  He paid her one hundred and fifty, and the she 
happily pocketed it.

"Thanks for the workout," Shannon said.  "Take down my cell 
number and let me know when you want another."

