Story: Carol's Clean Machine

It all started on our third date.  The third date is usually the one 
in which you know one way or another, whether the relationship is 
going to be intimate.  Carol had been rushed to get ready for the 
date, and mentioned that she only had time to wash her face and 
hands.

"Gosh, you still smell good," I remarked when we were at dinner.  
Carol responded that it must be the scent of the soap.  I nuzzled in 
close to her face to pick up more of the scent, and lightly brushed 
my lips on her skin near her earlobe.  Her smile showed that she was 
receptive, and even aroused.  I told her I loved the scent of soap, 
and, taking advantage of her arousal, kissed her lightly on the face.

"Stop that!" she scolded, laughing at the same time.  "You're getting 
me so excited. Let's eat."

I grasped her hand and kissed it; then, with the tone of the evening 
having been set, we had our dinner at the restaurant.  Carol subtly 
sprinkled the conversation with hints that told me that things were 
going to go deeper back at her place after dinner.

We got to her place later that evening, and experience told me that 
the woman should be the one to set the pace.  We talked for a while 
and got to the touching stage, which was soon followed by impassioned 
kisses.  Something told me (her twinkling eyes, maybe) that this was 
the night to get intimate.

Carol led me to her bedroom, and we undressed.  I feasted my eyes on 
this woman who I had often fantasized about.  She excused herself and 
went into the bathroom and closed the door.  I heard water running 
for a few minutes, and then she came out and got on the bed and 
spread her legs.  She had mentioned that she loves cunnilingus before 
intercourse, so I put my mouth between her legs and I caught the 
strong scent of soap.  She giggled when I realized that she had 
liberally rubbed the bar of soap on the upper part of her mound so 
that I'd be stimulated by the scent as I was working on her.

I took my time and brought Carol to orgasm twice, after which she got 
up and lathered her hands with soap and liberally handled my 
throbbing erection.  When she had copiously soaped me up, she applied 
the excess from her hands onto her pussy, and led me back to the bed. 
 I easily slipped inside her, and the excited look in her eyes only 
aroused me more.

I plowed her pussy with my hard member, and in due time she coaxed a 
plentiful ejaculation from me.

"I wanted to make this special," she said, "both for me and for you."

In a few minutes I was hard again and went in for seconds.  Since I 
lasted a lot longer, Carol climaxed too.  It was indeed a special 
event.


-----
This work is copyright by the author, and commercial use is 
prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story 
unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either 
directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and 
provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author 
(rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories 
at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
