Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 4

Melanie and Josy were standing on the sidewalk in front of their houses after returning from their long walk and talk.
After a couple of slip ups, Melanie had seen no way around telling Josy how her dad had seen her sunbathing just over a week ago.

Youre kidding! My dad saw your pussy? Josy exclaimed, she seemed upset.

Shhh! Please keep your voice down! Melanie urged, looking around to see if anyone was nearby. Inwardly Melanie cringed at hearing dad and a reference to her pussy in the same sentence.

Sorry. This is disturbing. I cant believe my dad saw you. Josy said in a low voice.

I know, Im so sorry, I didnt mean for it to happen, Melanie said, genuinely apologetic.

Josy was silent for a moment, seemingly considering the matter. Then she looked Melanie in the eyes.

Im not okay with this, but I accept that you didnt mean for it to happen.

I really didnt, said Melanie vehemently. She was really worried about upsetting her friend. I dont think I should join you for lunch.

Melanie anxiously watched Josy as she seemed deep in thought. She saw the frown on Josys face slowly turn into a smile, one that had an edge to it that made Melanie uncomfortable.

Like I said, this is kind of freaking me out, but Ill give you an opportunity to make it up to me. Youll come to lunch with us, but I have a few conditions. One of those is youll have to agree before I tell you them, Josy said with a wide smile.

Melanie wanted to make it up to Josy. She felt she just gained a friend, but she very much did not like the idea of agreeing to conditions before knowing what they were.

Dont worry, it wont be that bad, she added as she saw Melanies troubled expression. You might even like it, she added with a wink.

Melanie certainly didnt like the sound of that last part. However, she decided she would suffer through it if her friend deemed it necessary.
Okay, she said.

Youll have to say you agree to the conditions.

I I agree to the conditions.
A shiver went through her, what did she just agree to? It was still just a lunch, wasnt it?

Josy laid out her instructions to an increasingly wide-eyed Melanie.

Ten minutes later, Melanie nervously rang the neighbors doorbell.
She was wearing the same blouse as she had last week in her backyard only this time with a sensible bra underneath. She also wore a mid-thigh wrap skirt that left a small indent mid front where it overlapped. Flip flops completed her look.
All in all, it was a casual outfit suitable for lunch. Yet Melanie was fidgeting. Josy had told her to wear this to lunch as part of the conditions.

Josy opened the door and let her in. After greeting Josys parents and 20-year-old brother Mark, Melanie followed Josy upstairs.

Well be right out, Josy told her family, who were already setting the patio table for lunch. I just need to check something, she said to her family, giving Melanie a wink.

Melanie gulped and nodded, following Josy into the bathroom.

Show me, Josy said as she locked the door.

Wait, why is your brother here too? Melanie asked. She had thought the lunch would just be with Josy and her parents.
Mark had moved for his studies to a different city a few hours away. Shed always been a bit intimidated by his presence.

He sometimes visits over the weekend, said Josy as she looked at Melanie expectantly.

Blushing furiously, Melanie followed Josys request. She lifted her skirt letting Josy see that she wasnt wearing panties.

Good girl, Josy smiled. Now lets go downstairs and have a nice casual lunch. You can let go of your skirt. The last ended in a giggle.

What we do for friendship, thought Melanie ruefully as they walked back downstairs.

Thats a cute outfit, dear Josys mom said as they walked outside.

Thanks, Mrs. Walker, said Melanie, glad she didnt know all the details.

Please, call me Anne.

The patio table was one of those iron framed glass tables, Melanie noted, suspecting this was part of Josys plan. She was extra careful with her skirt as she sat down.
She glanced at Mr. Walker, afraid that hed recognize the blouse as the same one shed worn that fated day.
At least Josy had allowed her to wear a bra under it. It wouldnt do for her pokies to show at a family lunch.

We had a nice walk through the park, but Mel was wearing too many layers, Josy explained to her family. She complained about the heat, so I suggested she change for lunch.
Addressing Melanie, she added You should try to be more comfortable with yourself, Mel, show some skin.

Melanie was shocked at Josys play of words, right in front of her family. What was she playing at? Is she planning to expose her, either literally or figuratively?

Ill say I must agree, Anne said as they got seated. Youre a gorgeous young lady, Melanie. Be comfortable with who you are, whatever you are wearing.

Melanie blushed furiously and her eyes shot to Josy, who barely suppressed a snicker. She hadnt missed the hidden meaning in those words either.
Shifting her eyes to Josys dad, Mr. Walker, she saw a knowing smile on his face. This was awful, how was Josy ok with all this?
Melanie felt naked sitting there bare under her short skirt and she silently begged for a change of subject.

Thanks for letting me join you for lunch, she said as she took a slice of bread from the platter offered by Anne.

Youre always welcome here. We havent seen you much the past year, said Mr. Walker.

Hes almost as bad as his daughter, Melanie thought in never ending embarrassment. Whats with this family?

Are you feeling alright dear? You look a bit flush Anne asked.

Im Im fine. Just a bit warm from the sun, Melanie replied nervously and then quickly added Its nice to have this late summer weather, isnt it?

Talking about the weather, really? Melanie could slap herself but managed to refrain from doing so. Her comment did trigger an odd look from Mr. Walker however, which renewed Melanies blush.

Its real nice, but the weather wont hold. They say we can expect rain this week, said Anne.

Melanie was disappointed the nice weather was coming to an end. Well, at least it would mean she wouldnt get caught out again any time soon.

Thats probably for the best, she said and saw all four heads turn her way. She realized in horror that shed said that out loud. Josy was barely suppressing her mirth and Mr. Walker raised an eyebrow.

What do mean? Mark, Josys older brother asked.

Uh I mean, rain is good for the vegetation. Its been dry lately. Melanie said lamely.

To her relief, there was agreement around the table. She was also glad that conversation turned to more casual subjects, though she was nervously pressing her knees together.
She half expected hi-jinks from Josy, some attempt to expose her, but to do that in front of her family would be too much, right?

After lunch, Josy and Melanie cleaned up while Josys family went inside.

Just as Melanie was reaching over the table to grab a plate on the other side, she felt her skirt being lifted from behind.
She yelped and struggled to move upright from her overreaching position. Josy had now lifted her skirt high enough to expose her butt. She was using a kitchen utensil to do it.

Melanie slapped it away, but before she could fix her skirt Josy slapped her bare ass with her hand, causing Melanie to yelp. As she fixed her skirt, her head turned to her right, towards the kitchen.

Mark was standing there staring at her slack jawed as he had a perfect profile view of her.
Melanie was utterly stunned and felt the heat in her face.

Hey Mark, whatcha doin? Josy asked her brother as she lifted Melanies skirt again, this time with both hands.
Feeling her skirt going up like that sent Melanies heart racing, but she was too shocked to do anything. She saw the grin on Marks face as she felt her skirt go up around her waist and a shiver went through her body.
She sensed Josy standing behind her and felt the hand on the right side let go of her skirt, followed by fingernails trailing down her right butt cheek before retreating, triggering another shiver.

*Smack*

The second slap on her ass broke her out of her trance.
Another yelp and she turned to pull away from Josy and the house and bolted with her skirt still around her waist.
Unfortunately for her, the backyard had no exits, except at the side of the house.
She stopped at the side hedge that separated their gardens and fixed her skirt. It was the same hedge that was recently clipped.

She felt hot and her heart was pounding in her chest.

Had Josy seriously just done that? She couldnt believe it. Shed just been exposed, and her naked ass spanked in front of a guy.
Not just any guy, but the two years older neighbor shed known most of her life.

Thats now the third of the Walker family whod seen her in a state of undress, she realized.

Sorry, Mel, I didnt plan on doing that, but the opportunity was too good to pass by. Josy said as she walked up to her.

Melanie looked up and didnt see Mark anywhere.

Josy she sighed loudly.

Now tell me you didnt enjoy any of that. Josy said.

Melanie sank to the ground. She felt exhausted and embarrassed beyond measure, but surprisingly no real anger towards Josy.
What she did feel was disbelief. She hadnt believed Josy capable of doing something like that.

She felt Josys hand under her arm, pulling her up. Come, lets sit over there. Ill clean up the rest of the table later.

Josy led her to two chairs near the rear of the garden and they sat down. It was a nicely shaded area, she noticed. Mr. and Mrs. walker probably used this place to relax.

No, I dont think I enjoyed that, Melanie said as she felt her heartrate slowly return to normal. She didnt ask Josy why she did it as she thought she already knew.
Instead, she asked Do you have any idea what that does to me?

Its difficult to imagine, but I can see it in your face, Josy answered, still amused.

Melanie took a long deep breath.

Can you please stop taking it to such extremes? I think its killing me, she said. These shocks to her system couldnt be healthy, she figured.

But you did like it.

Melanie didnt want to answer that, so they sat there silently for a little while.
She got the impression that Josy wanted to continue that line of conversation.

At some point, Mrs. Walker let them know they were going out and whether they wanted to come along to the local department store. They rejected the offer.

So, were good now? Melanie asked. My redemption complete?

Josy laughed, yeah, Mel, were good. We were good before, you know. But thank you for indulging me.

Melanie thought about these words from Josy. Indulging her? Is Josy getting some form of enjoyment from this, just as Melanie was?
Though unsure whether that bothered her, she was positive she needed to dull the edges that made Josy put her through these extremes.

Your brother, Melanie said after a while, worried. Will he keep this to himself?

Mark? He just saw his sister and a friend playing a prank on each other, harmless fun. Besides, he didnt see much I think. Just me spanking you twice. Josy said, ending in another laugh.

Did you see the look on his face? Josy asked shortly after.

Melanie didnt respond. She had seen it. Hed obviously enjoyed looking at her ass. Perhaps she did have something guys enjoyed looking at and it made her feel a bit better.

If youre really worried, I can have a talk with him, said Josy, mistaking Melanies silence for worry.

No, its probably better left alone. Melanie decided.

As Josy had said, it probably looked like a practical joke, even though not entirely harmless in Melanies opinion. Additionally, Josy talking about it with her brother might make it worse than it is.

You know, Id say lets move our chairs into the sun, but we both know what would happen then, Josy said.

And then we can cross your mom off the list as well, Melanie responded without thinking.
Why had she just blurted that out?

List? Josy asked.

Never mind, I should go home, Melanie said, nervously looking towards the side gate, but Josy was not letting her get away with it that easily.

Wait, wait, wait, do you mean as in members of my family who have seen you? Josy laughed, then continued Actually, Mark only got a side view of your ass and just a brief rear view, I think.

Dont remind me! Melanie felt the heat rising to her face all over again.

We should correct that by going inside to find him right now. Im sure he wouldnt mind, Josy continued on, obviously amused by an increasingly reddening Melanie who didnt bother to respond.

Not long after, they decided theyd wasted enough of the weekend already. They both had assignments and chapters for the next classes to study, so Melanie went home.

After all that stress earlier, she felt surprisingly relaxed working on her assignments and was able to finish them all faster than expected.

