This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 34 - A Familiar Face (MF, caution, cons, dom, interr, magic, mc, nc, oral)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I was coming back from the store with more diapers for baby Amy when Tilly's apartment door opened. I turned to greet the siren, but instead came face to face with myself.

Other Tom froze. "Oh, hey, Tom," he greeted me with an awkward wave.

A moment later, the door opened wider and Demie was there behind him, clad only in a bathrobe.

"Demie?" I asked, dumbfounded. She had walked out a week ago and never came back. What was she doing in Tillie's apartment?

"Demie?" she replied, confused, and then gave me a sympathetic look which looked wrong on Demie's face. "No, I'm Tillie, Tom." She pulled the bathrobe tighter about her. "Um...I guess you two have stuff to talk about..." She shoved Other Tom forward and closed the door behind him.

"Yeah, I guess we do," I said, tilting my head toward our apartment door. Other Tom opened it and we went inside. My head was swimming. Why did Tillie look like Demie now?

After putting the diapers away, Other Tom and I sat on the couch. I nodded toward Tillie's apartment. "So how'd that start? And why aren't you dead?" Sirens absorbed energy from her lovers, much like a succubus did, but a lot worse. Tilly had almost killed me the one time we fucked.

"She thought I was you at first," Other Tom explained. "I didn't recognize her because your memories showed her looking differently. I told her how I came to be and she just came right up and kissed me, to see if that would take my energy. It didn't, so she pulled me into her apartment and we've been there for..." He looked at the wall clock. "...a few hours? I'm getting better at this sex thing." He grinned at me.

"Wait, she looked different?" I asked. "If she didn't look like Laura or Demie, then what does she look like to you?"

"I don't know this Laura person, so Tillie just looks like herself to me," he replied. He got my gist, though. "Oh, she's about average height, average weight, brown hair, brown eyes. Hm, I guess she's just pretty average? Men generally want Sirens because of the effect of their powers, but Tilly's nice...she really appreciates that we can have sex without me dying. Guess there's an advantage to me being a changeling instead of human, huh?"

Other Tom only had my recent memories, which is why he didn't remember my ex-girlfriend Laura. I couldn't fault him for boffing Tilly. Her ravenous hunger had caused her to become predatory when we met, but now that she was getting all the energy she needed from her job as the Champagne Room mystery woman at a local strip club, she was nice. We watched TV together sometimes, but her looking like my ex-girlfriend Laura made me sad and regretful, and so I probably wasn't hanging around as much as she would've hoped. I hadn't seen her since before Demie had stormed out. Maybe this would be good for both her and Other Tom.

I clapped him on the shoulder. "Go for it, buddy. You both deserve some happiness."

"Hey, thanks, man." He started up Netflix.

I was perpetually horny since Demie left, so finding out that Other Tom was getting laid just made me even more frustrated. I went to Kate's room and pushed the door open.

She was bent over her workbench, and because she generally didn't wear clothes I had a nice view of her shapely naked behind. I came up from behind and grabbed a boob and buttcheek.

"Aah!" she yelled, and I heard glass break. "Damnit, Tom!" Kate turned and shoved me back. "That was an hour of work! Do you know how difficult it is to perform alchemy without magic?" Hearing her mother's angry words, baby Amy started crying in her crib.

"I--I'm sorry," I offered lamely.

Kate took a deep breath, and Amy started to calm down as well, now that her mother wasn't yelling. "I should have closed the door...I'm sorry. Was there something I can help you with?"

I looked down at my obvious erection and then back up, giving her an awkward grin.

She looked sympathetic. "Demie's still not back, huh? Okay..."

She pulled a robe on, picked up Amy, and we headed to the living room. When Kate saw Other Tom sitting there, she handed him the baby and he gave my daughter cuddles. Unlike when he had originally shown up thinking he was me, Amy didn't cry now that she'd gotten used to "Uncle Other Tom". Then Kate and I headed to my bedroom.

She dropped her robe, sank to her knees, unzipped me, and then began to lick and suck my turgid member. She was still getting used to pleasuring a man, her previous life as a virginal witch at odds with learning such skills, but I wasn't complaining.

"Mmm...that feels good, babe," I urged her. She redoubled her sucking. I angled my body toward the bed. "Maybe we could...?"

She pulled her mouth off of my cock. "I really want to make love with you, Tom, but it's still too soon after the birth. Another couple of weeks, okay?"

"Okay..." I said, petulantly, and let her continue to fellate me.

After a few minutes I could tell that she was getting tired. I took her head in my hands and started to thrust.

"Guck guck guck," she grunted as the head of my cock dipped into her throat just a little with each thrust. I looked down at her curvy body and thought about fucking this sexy ex-witch in a couple of weeks. That helped, but not enough. I closed my eyes and thought about Demie.

A lost thought from earlier came back: why had Tillie suddenly started looking like Demie instead of my ex-girlfriend Laura? Laura had been the love of my life, and when that had ended I had been shattered.

"You fallin' in love with me, dummy?" Demie had jokingly asked before she left.

I stopped. Tillie's powers knew the truth.

I felt Kate pushing my hands away, and then she pulled her mouth back. "Tom?"

I looked down. Tears were running down her cheeks from my penile invasion of her mouth and throat, but that wasn't the problem. My penis was getting soft, and I hadn't cum.

"Oh shit..." I moaned, and sat down on the bed.

Kate moved around behind me to rub my back. "What's going on, Tom?"

"Kate, I...I think I'm in love with Demie."

---

"Hey, Patty, can you catalog the evidence dump from that fire over on 15th? It's in warehouse B."

Patty Calloway looked up from her romance novel to meet the gaze of the assistant fire marshal, her boss. "Yes! No problem." She flushed...she was supposed to be working, not reading, but the characters in her books were always so much more interesting than the things going on in her own life. Her boss gave a wave as he headed off early for the weekend.

Patty tucked her book into her bag, grabbed her clipboard, and headed out the back door of the office. The acres-wide evidence yard occasionally gave her some much-needed exercise, she considered as she walked the half-mile to warehouse B. The bespectacled brunette wasn't fat, but she wasn't as fit as she would like to be. The day was cool but dry, so the trek was kind of enjoyable.

The truck that dropped off the evidence was just pulling away as she got to the warehouse. She returned the driver's wave as he drove by, and then headed in. Not much left that wasn't just a charred mess, but the important things had been set aside: a burnt bed, a dirty glass ashtray, a scorched vodka bottle, and a book.

She looked at the book. It was an old hardcover, and completely unburnt! There was no way that it had come from this fire! She picked it up and opened it. Several pages had been torn out -- who would do such a thing to a book?! she wondered angrily. She read the remaining pages...then she re-read them.

Finally, she pulled her hardcover romance novel out of her jacket and dropped it where the spellbook had been sitting. Slipping the old book into her bag, Patty headed home.

---

As Patty unlocked and opened her front door, she found a man standing in her living room.

"Oh!" she recoiled.

"Hey, Patty," her landlord Carl greeted her, casually looking her up and down.

"What...what are you doing here, Carl?"

"Surprise inspection," the balding man responded as he continued to leer at her in his grubby jeans and t-shirt. "You need to clean your shower better, okay, sweets? Gotta make sure the mildew doesn't build up."

She moved aside from the door. "Carl, you have to give me notice of inspections. Please leave."

He gave her a lopsided grin. "Can't be a SURPRISE if I let you know aforehand, eh? Seeya, Patty." And then he stepped out the door, but not before Patty caught sight of something lacy peeking out of his back pocket.

She slammed and locked the door, and then ran into her bedroom. Sure enough, it looked like he had been rummaging through her laundry hamper. This confirmed her suspicion that she had been losing undergarments for weeks since she moved in!

But what was she going to do? Even if she caught him in the act, he'd just say it was her word against his, and he was her landlord, after all. She could wind up on the street!

---

"Otie?" I shook my head, confused.

"O.T." Other Tom said, "which sounds like Otie. If you're introducing me as your twin brother, then you probably don't want people to think our parents named us 'Tom' and 'Other Tom', right?"

"MY parents," I replied reflexively.

Other Tom tilted his head like I would when someone was being pedantic.

And he was right. "Okay, Otie it is," I agreed.

"Alright, so back to Diablo..." Otie said as he picked his controller back up.

---

"I'm not sure this is a good idea, Shawn-sama," Eudora advised her master as they entered the curio shop, the bell signalling their entry.

"I scoped it out earlier," the portly 18-year-old informed her as he closed the door behind them. "No cameras, so you can do your thing." He turned the lock and flipped the Open sign to Closed.

The red headed demon, still shaped like a live-action anime character, went to the front counter.

"Hellooo..." the thirtysomething Chinese woman greeted her. "Can I help you find..."

She stopped and her body went slack as she met Eudora's red eyes. Shawn's command was relayed through Eudora, and the woman opened the till to hand him all the cash, which he then stuffed into his pockets.

He gave the hypnotized woman an appraising look and then started unfastening her blouse, freeing her small, bra-covered breasts. "Make her horny, willya?" he asked the demon. Soon he had the naked shopkeeper bent over a chair as he pushed his hard 6" cock inside her.

"You want this," Eudora commanded the woman. "It feels sooo good..."

"Yes..." the woman moaned as Shawn thrust into her. "Ohhh..."

Shawn knew he wasn't going to last. This was the first Chinese woman he'd ever fucked, and the novelty was exciting. "I can't leave any evidence," he told his pet demon. "Change into a copy of her and bend over, face to face with her."

Eudora complied, her form shifting from clothed anime Japanese to naked reality Chinese. She bent over the same chair, her face mere inches from Shawn's victim.

Shawn quickly withdrew, moved around behind Eudora, and shoved his wet cock into her. "Ohh, Shawn-sama..." she moaned.

"Uhh...UHH...YEAHH!!" He cried out as he came, shooting his seed into the copy of the woman he had just been raping. "Don't let any of it drip out, Eudora, and...kiss her now!"

The demon knew this was coming, and she moved forward to kiss the human she was copying. As she drew the life force from the woman through her lips, both of them orgasmed hard.

Shawn felt Eudora's copied vagina squeeze his cock, sucking the last drops of his cum from it. "Yeah..." he moaned.

Then the shopkeeper's body fell to the floor, lifeless, her eyes staring, her mouth frozen in a rigor of pleasure. "Get her dressed again," he commanded his demon, "and then we're out of here."

After making sure the coast was clear, the pair of them left the shop and headed back to the motel.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)