Mom's Happiness
Hi, my name is Dipesh Patel. I am 21 years old, born and brought up in London. My family consists of my mom and dad. My dad owns Indian restaurants in UK. He came and settled down in UK in 1980's and had worked hard his way up. This I get from him almost every second day when he is pretty high on me to do something meaningful in life. This story is about my Mom. My mom's Name is Sushilaben Patel and she is 44 years old. She is a homely woman and is spiritual in nature. At home she dresses up in sarees and salwar kameez (traditional Indian dress code) mostly. Even after settling down in UK after her wedding, she still has that ethnic touch. At home she usually converses with dad in Guajarati, which I can speak, but barely read and write. She is 5 feet 4 inches tall and has fair complexion. She has jet black hair up till her back and has emerald black eyes. Her frame is medium with little bit of extra flesh on her belly, ass and thighs as per her age. She is quite a socialite in the community and has quite a prestige. She is also known for her cooking.

I am in a university and pursuing a degree in Hospitality. As per my dad's wish I had taken up an apartment in the campus. According to him it was a good opportunity for me to see the World and prepare myself for life. I was sharing my apartment with a childhood friend, Arun who is pursuing a degree in political science and a common friend to us, Eddie Mathews. Let me tell you something about Eddie. Eddie is 22 years old and is of African origin and is tall with muscular physique. He has good taste and appetite food and drinks and has an ever smiling face. He use to play soccer and was qualifying for the clubs, when he met with a car accident, and had to go through surgery to his left foot twice. His soccer career came to a complete end. Currently he is pursuing his degree with Arun.

I use to come home on the weekends at least once a month. I use to get special treatment from Mom. She use to cook the kind of food I liked and use to update me with all that is happening around in the house and the community. Most of her talks were of no interest to me. And as with every visit I use to get a preaching on what to do and what not to do when I step outside home.

It was autumn and I was planning to visit home on the weekend. Arun and I came back to the apartment, and we saw Eddie sitting on the couch watching a club game. He had a jar of gujiya's which mom had given me last time and was munching on them. We sat down with him and started watching the game. He turned and said, "You're mom makes really good goodies. Tell mom sent more of these mate". I just nodded my head, and I enquired about their plans for the weekend. Arun sighed and said, "Nothing much, Sharon (his girlfriend) is hanging out with her girlfriends this weekend. Eddie said, "Then you should also hang out. Besides I am planning to try some new cuisine from Far East this time". Arun said, "oh lord, we are gonna have some weird oriental creature this weekend. They started arguing like kids. They were getting on my nerves and I intervened and said, "Mates why don't you come and visit my home this weekend? Eddie will get his ethnic Indian food and you'll have good time Arun, like old days". Arun and my family knew each other very well and Arun had stayed at my place plenty of times. Arun thought for a moment said, "sounds good to me" and Eddie, "count me in".

So we landed up at our place late night and mom was surprised to see Arun and Eddie with me. She greeted us in and made us comfortable in the living room. Her eyes were swollen, as if she had been crying. I enquired about her state and about dad, to whom she replied that she had gone to bed and dad, is in Buckingham. She said she'll prepare supper for us. We told mom that we had food and want to go to bed. Mom moved Eddie and Arun to the guest room down the hall. We retired to our respective rooms.

Next day was just like any other day, mom moving around the house cooking goodies for us, cleaning and stuff. We guyz were relaxing around. There was kind of sadness in mom's eyes. I knew it was something to do with dad again. So I went to the kitchen and asked mom. She started weeping and told me that Dad is messing around with some bitch again. I felt sorry for her, and took her in my arms. She cried on my shoulder.

It was late evening; we were sitting by the fire place. Mom was chatting up with Eddie, and was enquiring about his family and stuff. Arun asked me if we could have some drinks. I asked mom to allow us to have drinks (as I don't drink at home and had never come home after drinking). Mom allowed us. I took out my dad's scotch, and we started boozing. It was almost an hour with drinks and we were getting bit high. Arun enquired mom about her health, as her eyes were still swollen and she was looking bit numb. She replied that she is feeling stiffness and was down due to cold weather. She was having muscle contraction and ache.

Eddie replied that he knows bit of muscle therapy and can massage her head and shoulders which will make her feel better. I knew he was good in that therapy and so I also tried to convince mom. She agreed as she believed in what I said. Eddie came and stood behind the couch that she was sitting on. He told her to remove the Stoll, and which she did. She was wearing a maroon colour saree (traditional Indian wrap on). Her hair was loose and falling to her back. He started massaging her head. This went on for 20 minutes, and she was feeling relaxed, as I saw her falling in to a trance. I got up and went to the restroom, and then to the kitchen to grab some stuff. When I walked back, I was stunned with what I saw. I came and sat down with Arun opposite of mom. Her saree had fallen down to her waist. She was wearing deep cut matching blouse. Half of her milky white breast were protruding out and were heaving up and down due to her breathing. Her tummy and navel was looking extremely sexy. Eddie's hands were moving freely on her head, face, neck, shoulders and the naked part of her breasts. She had her eyes closed and mouth slightly open as if she was enjoying his touch. She was getting relaxed.

I had never seen mom like this before. Both me an Arun had our jaws wide open and I had an instant hard on. Eddie had his mischievous smile and he winked at us. Eddie said to us, you guys massage her feet; this will be relaxing for her. I and Arun were on our feet and we started massaging her toes and feet. Mom moaned and she stretched her muscles. We kept on massaging her for half and hour, and then suddenly Eddie groped her breasts with his hand. Mom opened her eyes and she caught his hands. Her eyes were red and she was feeling relaxed. Eddie was freely massaging her breast now. Mom was holding his hands. She was neither stopping him nor provoking him. I could see lust building up in her eyes.

Eddie bent downwards and kissed mom on her lips. Mom reciprocated his kiss and opened her mouth. They were rolling their tongues together, and mixing their saliva. Arun had now lifted her saree up till her panty and was massaging and licking her milky thighs. I buried may face on her stomach and was licking her navel. Aroma of her body was making me crazy. Eddie was now kissing and licking her neck and shoulders. Mom was going out of control due to simultaneous pleasure from three young tongues. She was moaning ooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssss, hhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiii bbbbbeeeeeeetttaaaaaaa, yyyyyyyeeeessssssssss.

Now Eddie came in front of her and buried his face in her cleavage. He was pressing her boobs with his hands over her blouse. I came face to face with her and she smiled. We kissed each other passionately. Arun was busy between her legs. After sometime Arun got up and got naked. Eddie and I did the same. Eddie has a huge boner more than 12 inches and very thick. Even mom was surprised. Mine and Arun's dick was around 9 inches. Mom caught hold of Eddie's hips and took his dick in her mouth. She started slurping on it and was like a pro. In the meantime, Arun took of her panty and I had opened the hooks of her blouse and pulled her bra down. She had huge melons, extremely fair in complexion with chocolate brown areolas in 2 inches diameter. I took her right nipple in mouth and started sucking it and was twitching her left nipple with my fingers. Her pussy was also brown in colour and had trimmed pubic hair. Arun had spread her legs and stretched her pussy with his fingers and was lapping her with his tongue. He looked up and said, "Look at her G spot", we saw she had a well formed G spot. We again got on with her. Mom was now sucking Eddie's dick franticly. His dick was moving in and out of her mouth. Then suddenly he grunted and came. Mom swallowed his cum and some of it was dripping from her mouth. Arun and I kept on sucking her breasts and pussy and she was now bucking her hips. Suddenly she shuddered and moaned, "oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh, am coming, yyyyyyyyyeeeeeeesssssss .......aaaaaaaaahhh, and she came like water fall. I also got down with Arun and drank her juices. She had content look on her face. Then she cooed us to come to her and we got up. She sucked mine and Arun's dick. We were rock hard.

Eddie said lets take her to the bedroom and we carried her to her bedroom. We made her lie down on her back on my parents' bed. Edie came between her legs and she spread her legs with her hands. Edie positioned his dick on the entrance of her pussy and slowly pushed in. Mom's mouth went wide open and she cooed, `ooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, its so biggggggggggg". Only one third of Eddie's dick was inside her and her pussy was stretched to her limits. He started moving in and out off her slowly and gradually increased his momentum. Mom was moaning now. He kept on ramming her for 10 minutes and again gave her a deep push. Now two third of his dick was inside her. He again picked up the pace. I could see her pussy was completely wet and dripping. Eddie dick was shining from her juices. This time Eddie gave a grunt and pushed his entire length up to his balls inside her. Mom moaned, "hhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiii, mmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrr ggggggaaaaaaaaaiiii...................aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh...............hhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeee. Eddie now caught her legs in his hands and started banging her franticly. His dick was coming out till the tip and was going with a thud inside her to his balls. Entire bedroom was filled with the phuch-phuch sounds of my mom's fucking and her insatiable moans. Her pussy was overflowing with her juices. Mom was getting waves after waves of orgasms. He fucked her for good 30 minutes and both came together with a grunt. Eddie got of her and fell to her side. Mom was lying with her legs spread wide open. Her pussy was stretched apart and I could see the redness inside. Eddies load was deep inside her and was flowing down her pussy in a pool on the bed.

I was so horny seeing mom fucked that I immediately got between her legs and inserted my dick in one shot. Her pussy was very wet and warm. It was a heavenly feeling for me as I was inside my mom. She moaned ah and wrapped her arms and legs around me. I started ramming her and with every push she was moaning. Her breasts were juggling due to my momentum. She was looking into my eyes and had a smile. Then she said, "Beta do it faster, I started banging her with all my might and she started moaning heavily, "Betaa aur tez, ah ah ah ah......Beta you have grown up, oooohhh yessssss, ffiiiilll meeee up, oooohhh beta. I fucked her for 20 minutes, we came and I discharged inside her.

I also fell on her side and was catching my breath. Mom was lying with legs open and the knees folded. Arun now got up and kept his palms on her knees and slowly moved between her legs. Mom told him to wait. She got up and made Arun lye down on the bed. She came over him and caught his dick with her palm and positioned it on the entrance of her pussy. With the other hand she spread her pussy. I could see our juices dripping from her pussy on Arun's dick and abdomen. She slowly sat on the dick and Arun's dick disappeared inside her pussy. She remained still for a moment and started bucking her hips. She continued like this for few minutes and then started bouncing on his dick. Arun started moaning, "aaaaaunnnnnttttttyyyyy yyyyyeeeeeeeeeaaaaahhhh............faster, oh yes. Mom was also moaning. She was lifting her self till the point where the tip of his dick was inside her and uses to push her self down on it to its entire length.

In the meantime, I and Eddie were watching the spectacle. Eddie's dick was hard again and he was stroking it. Suddenly he got up and came behind mom and started touching mom's asshole with his fingers. Till then we were not aware of what he had in mind. Then he positioned his dick on mom's asshole. We realized what he is up to and mom tried to get off Aruns' dick. Eddie caught hold of mom and Arun started protesting. Mom said, "Not there please, not like this......Dipesh tell him". I tried to get up to stop him. Eddie said "relax, nothing will happen. Mrs. Patel you'll enjoy this. If it hurts I'll stop". Before mom could say anything, he pushed his dick forward. Mom yelled out in pain, I guess it was too much for her. She was shouting and was saying obscenities in her native language. Tears rolled down her cheeks. Arun was feeling uncomfortable too and was protesting. This excited Eddie, and he gave another push, Mom yelled out loud and started crying.

Eddie stopped for a while and told Arun to start moving from below, which he did. Arun bucked his hips upwards, mom was still weeping with pain. After few minutes Eddie also started thrusting slowly. Only half of his dick was inside her asshole. They banged for 15 minutes like this. Now mom was silent as she was able to accommodate their lengths. Mom said that her knees are hurting. Eddie stopped and said to Arun lest change the position. Eddie lied down on his back with the mom on his side. Her pussy and asshole were wide open now. One could put three four fingers inside them. Now Eddied pushed his dick in the moms' asshole from behind and lifted her to his stomach. He told Arun to stand on his knees and insert his dick inside her pussy from above. Arun and Eddie again sandwiched mom and started pumping her holes.

Both the guyz were ramming her hard and mom was in a different level of ecstasy. She was completely out of control and was moaning in pleasure, "oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh yyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeessssssssss, hhhhhhaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrdddddddddddeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr, common boyz, yyyyyyyyaaaaaaaa...................ooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhh. The fucked mom for good 30 minutes and the three of them came together. They got of her and fell aside. All of the m were tired especially mom. She never had so much sex before and it was too much for her. Her both holes were dripping with cum and the entire room smelled of sex. We all went to sleep and got up late morning.

In the morning, mom again insisted and we had a round with her. She told me later that this was her vengeance on my dad for all those years of deception. I felt sorry for her. It was beginning of something I don't know how to describe. Before leaving we had another round with her. Eddie said it was one of the most amazing weekends we had.

It's been a year now and I had been visiting home on weekends regularly. Mom is happy again, and has started enjoying life. We continue to have our sessions. Sometimes Eddie and Arun visit too, and we have fun together with mom. I hope you have enjoyed the story. 