Hi guys & gals im back with my another experience with my ammayi. Hope u all had enjoyed the my first story. This time it was quite different. As usual I was back to home taking my weekend off. After having my dinner I went to bed as I was tired.

She came and gave me a glass of milk and asked me to take rest and she went off showing her big butts which were bouncing. I went layed down and I was bit horny thinking of our last time sex. All of sudden my dick came out of my lungi with full erection.

I played with my dick for a while and then went to sleep. After some time I got up as I was thirsty. so I went to kitchen for which I had to cross her bed room. I just opened her door there she was laying on bed with her spreaded legs and beautiful mulas.

My dick again erected and this time I cudnt control so I went in with out making any sound as kids were sleeping beside her. Slowly I moved closer to her, she was laying on one side of the bed and kids on the other side.

I went and sat beside her looking her beautiful mulas and navel which was exposed as she already removed her sari as it was quite hot. First I touched her stomach slowly masssaging it and I now pushed my inder finger in to her navel hole and played with that for a while.

It was interesting to do this with out her knowledge. Then I slowly moved my hands up towards her mulas and placed my hand on one of her mula and it was not fitting my hands. Now I placed my other hand on the other mula and I was sizing it.

Now I started massaging it gently taking care she doesnt wake up as it was more interesting doing this with out her knowledge. Now I moved my one hand down towards her navel still my one hand on her mulas.

I reached till her pavada knot and I managed to put my fingers into the knot and removed the knot slowly. I cud see her tiny hairs at her bottom stomach below her navel down pointing towards her pussy.

I slowly pushed my hand deep inside rubbing her pussy hair. And cupped my hand with her pussy now she started moving. I dint move my hand from her pussy she started turning around with a little moan.

I dint move my hand as she turned completely facing her butts up my hand was still between her thighs so tight. For some time I enjoyed placing my hand on her pussy which was pressing my hands then I removed my hands slowly.

Now I started pulling her pavada slowly up to her thighs, I kissed her thighs and moved it up. Now she woke up suddenly and saw me placing my hands on her thighs. She gave me a wide smile and asked me are u crazy abt me.

I said I never seen a women like this ur the sexiest and now I need u ammayi. She agreed and she said not here as kids are sleeping so she took me to the hall and it was around 2am the next day early morning. We both hugged each other and kissed.

She kissed my lips and put her toungue in my mouth and was tasting my mouth. She kissed my chest and nipples and squeezed my nipples. I pressed my dick against her. She grabbed me closer and gave kisses on my neck.

She moved down and pushed me to sofa and spread my legs with my dick pointing her face. She kissed my dick and took mmy dick full in her mouth and started sucking it she did it for about 10mins and they she came over me kissing my chest.

This was her day she did everything she wanted that way. I was obeying wat ever she asked me to do. She sat on my dick and took my dick and inserted in her ass and started jumping on me holding the sofa set.

she leaned backwards so her mulas were hitting my face and she told me too do the fingering. As I licked her nipples and one hand squezing her buts I was fingering her pussy. She started moaning ahhhhh hmmmm. huffffff.

After a while I loaded my load in her ass and some were flowing out on her butts. She now got up and went to the kitchen holding my hands. she layed on the dining table spreading her legs showing her cunt holes to me and asked me lick her.

I licked her pussy like ice cream. Now I started putting my toungue in her clit rotating it. she was moaning louder now..hmmmmmmmm ahhhhhhh huffffwith all languages to arouse me.. like chette.. kazhuverda mone...thinnada ente pooru kadichu thinna da..

I got aroiused more and started licking faster,,she started moaning and after a while she said fuck me..fuck me...put ur dick in me..hmmm cmon,, now I took my dick in hand and inserted into her deep whole slowly pushing,

she spread her legs more and raised on leg up to my shoulders, I started my engine first gently and started doing it faster in a rthym..now I started using all langs like.. chette.. thevidichi.. hmmmmmmm ahhhhhhhh wwwwwwwwooooo fuckme..... mone.....faster....agane...

Hmmmmm wahhhhhh I was hitting her with full force....she said she wanted some cum inside her and some on her....hm I started moving faster as I was about to cum......ahhhhhh she said she also cumming I cud feel her juices....ammmmm hhhhhh

I cummed in her and took my dick out and I poured rest of the cum on her stomach and faces and I came over her and kissed her and we layed there for few minuted..and now it was 4 :30 am early morning..we took bath together.

and she went to kitchen to prepare food and I went to bed......... lot more to come..i will all my experience with her which I had till date..hope u all enjoyed it.









