Hot Family Next Door
By Perry Jones



	
    Chapter One

	Peg lay in bed, her eyes wide, her toes wiggling with excitement.  Her breath rushed in and out of her lungs, lifting and lowering her tits so her erect nipples rubbed on the sheet and covered them.  

	"Honey," Dave called.  "Honey?"  

	But Peg didn't hear her husband's voice.  She was too excited.  

	Sticking his head out of the bathroom, Dave looked at his wife in the bed.  He smiled.  She could almost lose touch with reality completely when she was reading a good book.  

	"Yoo-hoo!"  Dave called as he walked to the bed and sat down on the edge next to his oblivious wife.  "Dave calling Peg.  Come in, Peg.  Can you hear me?"  

	"Um?"  Peg said, furrowing her brow and peering more intently than ever into the book she gripped with white knuckles.  

	"Peg, honey," Dave said.  "Time to fuck.  Put the book down, sweetheart."  

	"Um?"  Peg said again without looking up.  

	Dave envied Peg's ability to lose herself so totally in a book.  But he was in the mood for fucking-his favorite way of relaxing.  He knew that Peg loved to fuck too, but sometimes it was difficult to get her attention.  

	Dave began tugging the sheet that covered his wife.  Peg, if she noticed what he was doing at all, didn't try to stop him.  The sheet moved down over the curves of her luscious body.  

	Dave watched as his wife's tits were exposed.  His prick stirred in his pajamas as he looked at Peg's white tits lying on her chest, sagging slightly to the sides.  Her tits looked so soft and inviting!  Their crowns of pink, puckered flesh made Dave's mouth water.  

	The edge of the sheet slipped down to Peg's belly, and she continued reading.  

	Dave moved the sheet down slowly, teasing himself, making his prick throb.  

	Peg was still completely engrossed in her book, and although she had lifted her wrists a bit so Dave could slip the sheet down her body, she gave no indication of noticing what was going on.  

	The receding edge of the sheet revealed Peg's belly button.  Her tummy was flat and firm.  Dave was grateful his wife was still in such great shape; she was forty years old, after all.  

	Dave's eyes focused intently at his wife's crotch.  He could see the texture of the bristling pussy hair through the sheet as it slid over her cunt.  Then, slowly, her triangular patch of cunt hair was revealed.  

	As the sheet moved down Peg's creamy thighs, Dave's gaze remained on her pussy.  

	Peg's ginger-colored pubic hair rose in a gentle curve, covering her plump cunt mound.  Dave's mouth watered.  But he remained merely an observer.  He enjoyed the tension of his horniness and was in no hurry.  

	Peg's thighs were slightly spread, and Dave could see the cleft of her pussy peeking out at him.  Most of Peg's pussy hair was on the frontal region of her cunt, and between her legs her cunt lips were almost bald.  Dave loved that about her cunt because the sight of her smooth, fleshy pussy lips always filled him with joy.  

	Although he longed to dive into the moist warmth of Peg's crotch, he resisted the urge.  He looked up at Peg's face.  Incredibly, she was still reading with as much interest as ever.  She gave no sign of being aware her body was now exposed to the lustful gaze of her horny husband.  

	Dave smiled.  He saw Peg's eyes moving back and forth as she followed the lines of type.  Her tits rose and fell with the steady rhythm of her breathing.  

	Lowering his face to his wife's thighs, Dave breathed in the funky aroma that hung over Peg's cunt.  His prick twitched as the scent of pussy fired his passion.  

	Kissing one of Peg's thighs, Dave realized he'd stumbled onto something interesting.  There was a weird pleasure in kissing the thigh of a woman who wasn't even aware of him.  And when he nestled his face between her thighs, enjoying the warm, smooth skin against his cheeks, his fuck-lust multiplied!  

	Dave slid his face nearer Peg's cunt.  Now the odor was stronger, and Dave knew her cunt was wet.  So, she had noticed his lips on her thighs, at least subconsciously.  

	Peg's book hid her face from Dave's as he burrowed his nose into her curly cunt hair.  

	With the fuzzy softness of Peg's pussy pressed to his face, Dave stuck out his tongue and searched through her cunt hair for the wet slot of her pussy.  He soon found it.  Salty cunt juice mixed with his saliva.  

	"Ummmmm!"  Peg moaned from the other side of her book.  

	Looking up, Dave saw Peg drop the book to one side.  Her expression had changed from concentration to blissful lust!  

	"Keep reading," Dave said as he reached up and took the book from where Peg had dropped it.  

	He placed the book upright on her stomach and told her to hold it.  She did as he said, going along with his game.  

	"Now read it to me out loud," Dave ordered before sticking his tongue back into Peg's flowing pussy.  

	"Ohhhhh!"  she sighed.  

	"Go ahead!"  Dave said.  

	"Not far away," Peg began reading, "There w-were other cases of similar-ahhhh-similar occurrences.  One involved-ahhhhh!  One involved an eighteen-year-old girl.  Ohhhhh, Dave!"  

	"Keep reading!"  he insisted as he covered her soaking cunt gash with eager laps.  

	"The girl's neighbors" Peg read on in a trembling voice, "reported hearing .  .  .  hearing.  .  .  hearing .  .  .  ohhh, God, Dave!  Uhhhh!"  

	"Read!"  he called from his cunt-lapping station at his wife's cunt.  

	Now Dave was wiggling the tip of his tongue over Peg's swollen clit.  No one could read with that sort of attention being paid to her most sensitive organ.  But Peg liked this kinky game, and she knew she deserved what she was getting.  It was a good book, but she didn't have to ignore Dave in his horniness.  

	Dave fucked his tongue up Peg's tender cunt.  When his tongue was high up her pussy, he wiggled it with all his might.  Peg shook her hips in a spasm of ecstasy.  Still, though, she tried to keep reading.  Peg read in a breathless rush before she began gasping and moaning with kinky pleasure again.  

	Peg spread her thighs wide and drew her knees up near her tits.  Her pussy lips spread over Dave's face as he tongue-fucked as high as he could up his wife's cunt.  His nose touched her clit, and his chin was wedged between the bottoms of her ass cheeks.  

	Dave slid his hands up Peg's sides, beneath her shaking arms to her quivering tits.  His fingers spread over her soft tit globes and captured them in a firm embrace.  Feeling the shimmering weight of her heavy tit flesh in his hands added spice to his already overwhelming passion!  

	"Ahhhhhhh!  God!  Dave, I'm coming!"  

	Dave loved to hear his wife cry out in bliss and tell him that she was coming.  The shrill tone of her orgasmic wails filled him with both pride and excitement.  He was envious, too, because he thought Peg's climaxes must be even greater than his own-he never screamed with such desperation!  

	"Eeeeeee!"  Peg wailed like a siren.  

	Peg's entire body was quivering now, making the bed pitch and shake.  All Dave had to do was hold his face still and his tongue out.  His wife's grinding, writhing hips kept her cunt in motion on his tongue.  

	Now the game of reading while having her cunt sucked was forgotten.  Peg dropped the book on her chest where it bounced with her writhing.  She clapped her hands on Dave's, which were still gripping her tits.  She pressed his hands more firmly onto her tits as they leaped and rolled with their own rhythm as Peg went wild with ecstasy.  

	"Ohhhhh!  Ohhhhhh!"  she repeated constantly in a haunted and breathy wail.  

	Her orgasm raged on and on.  And when it passed its pinnacle, it subsided very slowly.  By the time she lay still and sated, Dave was gasping with the effort of his pussy-sucking.  The root of his tongue ached, and his wife was covered with warm, slippery pussy fluid.  

	But Dave's effort had brought His own lust to an explosive level!  He had to bury his prick in his wife's body and seek the release he longed for.  

	So he began crawling forward from the heat of Peg's cunt.  Peg had just enough strength left to hold out her arms and take Dave's body into a welcoming embrace as he settled down on top of her.  

	Bringing his prick to Peg's cunt, Dave swiveled his hips forward.  Since her pussy was loosened by Dave's tongue, and since it was awash with slippery cunt juice and saliva, Dave's cock fucked into her tight cunt gash effortlessly.  

	"Mmmmmmm," Peg moaned softly, her energy gone, but her lust still smoldering.  

	For a few seconds, Dave lay still, his body cushioned on Peg's tits, his prick held snugly by her cuntal sleeve.  

	Nothing could be as exciting as feeling the tender lining of a hot cunt wrapped around his taut and throbbing boner, Dave realized.  But he was too eager to feel those satiny cuntal walls sliding over his bloated cockhead to leave his prick lying motionless.  So he began fucking.  

	"Ooooooo, Dave!"  Peg sighed as her cunt was stretched over his prick.  

	A wild cunt-lapping was the best way to get into the mood to fill a pussy with jism, Dave knew.  

	Now as he fucked his prick back and forth in the slippery grip of his wife's pussy, he was being rewarded with pleasure for the pleasure he'd given her.  

	Dave fucked the fat head of his prick deep into Peg's cunt.  The backstroke brought his cockhead to the entrance of her pussy before it was sent back into the depths of her body.  

	Dave pressed his mouth onto Peg's.  Their tongues joined in a frenzied celebration of sexual joy.  

	"Ahhhhh!"  Dave gasped as the first wave of ecstasy swept over him.  

	His prick head began to tingle as it was massaged by the tender, wet cunt flesh it glided back and forth in.  From the root of his cock, a glow of rapture spread throughout his body.  

	"Ohhhhhh, Dave!"  Peg croaked.  "I'm coming again!"  

	Dave loved to be joined in bliss by his wife, especially when her cunt began spasming, gripping his fucking cock with powerful grabs, as it was doing now.  

	Both of them were working hard, thrashing their hips together to make Dave's prick fuck as fast as possible.  They gasped and grunted with the effort.  Their tummies slapped together.  The bedsprings creaked.  

	"Ohhhhhh!  Ohhhhhh!  Ohhhhh!"  Peg cried with the ripping pleasure of her second orgasm.  

	"Ahhhhh!  Ahhhhh!"  Dave answered in their conversation of orgasmic excitement.  

	Dave's prick became a rod of pure electric ecstasy!  It was rearing up to begin spewing jism.  Peg's pussy was on fire, and her clit was buzzing as Dave's cock bush swept over it.  

	Dave filled Peg's cunt with jism, flooding it with the gushing heat she loved so much.  Now their pleasure was at its peak.' 

	Again the fucking slowed and finally stopped.  By now the fuckers were limp and spent.  Dave remained on Peg, his prick shrinking in her cunt.  

	"What was that book that was so interesting?"  Dave asked when he'd caught his breath and rolled off Peg's body.  

	"It's about witches," Peg said.  "It's fascinating!  You should read it when I'm through."  

	"Not my bag," Dave said.  

	"How do you know, if you haven't looked into the subject?"  

	"You know I don't go in for that sort of thing.  Witches, ghosts, goblins: all hooey!"  Dave said.  

	"See, you don't know what you're talking about.  Witches have nothing to do with ghosts or goblins.  There are still witches around today, you know."  

	"I know," Dave said.  "A bunch of weirdos using witchcraft as an excuse to run around naked."  

	"Oh, you're impossible!"  

	Dave wrapped an arm around his wife, pressed his soft prick to her hip and fell asleep.  The next morning, he didn't tell her that he'd dreamed of naked men and women dancing around and chanting strange incantations.  


To Be Continued
