 CAROL, MOM & ME  44

By now, Lisa and I were almost asleep. Carol and Jimmy were in her room.

The phone next to the bed rang. It alarmed me.
Hello, Billy honey? Yeah mom. Oh are you all right?
We've been worried about all of you disappearing from the lake and not saying anything to us.

Mom, we're all here. Lisa is next to me here, and Kimmy is with Carol in her room. 
Oh, at least you all, are all right.

Your dad and me are at Lisa's mom's house. They are all in bed right now.
I came down to the kitchen to call honey.

Mom? We all saw you un the water with her father. We saw her mother sucking dad too. That's why we disappeared. 
There was a silence for a minute.

Oh Billy. I'm so sorry honey. It was a crazy thing that happened.
Her mom and me had a little too much to drink honey.
Both of us were really feeling good.
We had all been talking about you kids and saying that you were all probably in the woods somewhere fucking and stuff like that.
We were kind of remembereing when we were all young like that and how we did the same things.
One thing led to another and we were all talking about sex then.
Her mom and me had to pee, and you know there's no bathrooms near where we were. We went way down the lake and peed in the water. We were both giggling and feeling sexy and stuff. We decided to take our tops off and have fun with our husbands when we went back to them.

So we took off our tops and then we said, what the hell, lets take it all off.
We made funny bets between us whose husband had the biggest cock and silly stuff like that. Lisa's mom said that she would suck the biggest of their cocks. I laughed at her and said well I'll suck the loser anyway. It was all for fun honey.

When we came out of the water, they almost shit when they saw both of us naked.

We sat there teasing both our husbands flashing our tits and stuff like that Billy.

It was all for fun, like I said Honey.

Well, after a while, we dared the guys to take off their shorts too.
I even pulled your dad's down in front of all of us. 
She did the same.
We played with our husbands. Joking around then about how big their cock were and stuff like that.

Lisa's mom said she won the bet. The guys didn't know what we were laughing about and we told them that Lisa's mom bet me that she would suck the biggest cock.

Well your dad was bigger by an inch, honey.
So Lisa's mom was put to the real test. 
I told you we were all getting pretty drunk. Lisa's mom came over to dad and knels next to me as she looked at his cock, and then said, A bet's a bet.

So she started to suck your dad.
I really didn't think it would go that far honey. Believe me.

We were all still laughing as she started sucking him.
But then I watched her husband's cock stiff and watching her suck your father.
I just said come on, I took his hand and we walked out in the water. He played with my tits a while and then I sucked him too.

But that's it honey. We all got dressed after the guys got off from us sucking them.

Then we felt kind of stupid as we looked at each other.
We cleaned everything up and all left.

Your father and me were up in their spare bedroom. He's sleeping it off right now honey.

I'm so sorry you guys had to see any of this.
That's all there was Billy. Mom seemed to be really sad and I felt that she was crying.

Oh billy, I feel so ashamed that all of you saw us.
I can imagine what you were thinking all the way hme.
You're right mom. 
We were.
But now I think I can smooth it out with them. 
Can you stay there till later this morning? I think so honey.
Its a holiday weekend anyway, so your dad will be off.

It will give me some time to tell them the story.
Oh Billy.
Billy? Yeah mom.  Billy honey Ilove you. I'm so sorry that this stupid thing happened. I know how embarrassing it must have been for all of you to be seeing your parents sucking the other's parent.

I love you honey. I apologize. She was crying now. 

Mom? yes honey?  Mom, I love you.

Oh Billy, Thank you honey.
Go get some sleep mom. I'll work this out here. OK Honey.
See you in the morning.
I looked at the clock. It was 1:30 AM now.

I thought what the hell. I decided to wake them up and tell them the story.

I leaned over and woke Lisa.
Honey, come with me to Carol's room. Oh Billy. I'm too tired for more fucking with them right now honey. Really.
No honey, its not that. Mom just called. Oh. She sat straight up.
Come on. I want to tell the others.

We went into Carol's room and they were laying with Carol's leg over Jimmy's leg and cock. Her arm laying across his chest as they slept.

I shook her and when they finally woke I told them mom's story.

I told them about mom's crying and everything else.

They were all pretty relieved.
Well, like you said earlier Billy, It really wasn't as bad as we were all thinking.

We were all sitting cross legged, naked on Carol's bed.

We for example, look at us right now. Here we are all sitting here naked.
I looked at Jimmy and said, here we are Jimmy, looking at our sisters pussies and tits. We're all OK with it?

Yeah, I guess you're right.

Its not hard to imagine that happening with them. Especially when they were all into getting drunk and stuff.
They all knew we were out fucking somewhere in the woods.
THEY didn't think we were wrong????
They know we all fuck, and all they hope is that the girls don't get pregnant.

The girls agreed.

I'm sure they will all be apologizing all over the place tommorrow.
Carol started to cry.
So did Lisa.

The both girls hugged each other as they knelt naked.

You have to know they all still love us. I said.

Carol turned from Lisa now, and hugged Jimmy. Her tits hung and pressed into his chest as she cried into his shoulder.

I hugged Lisa.

I think this can be OK for everyone if we can act like adult with this. Yeah. I'm for that Billy, Jimmy said.
I think the best thing is for us to drive over there and have a breakfast ready for when they all get up. I think if we do that, it will ease their guilt when they come down and see us all together there.

If we act smart, I think it will work out within a couple hours.
You girls up for making a large breakfast for everyone?

Yeah. Neat idea.

You all have to think of some stupid things we all did when we drank too! Oh Yeah. I did some shit that I thought dad was going to kill me for. But he just had a talk with me. Me too Lisa said.

Maybe a good first move would be to just give them each a hug without saying a word about last night.
THAT alone will make them feel better.
I'm sure that through the day or so, they will mention it in their own time to each of us.
What do you guys think?
Shit, Billy. You're fucking smart.

Now I feel a whole lot better, Jimmy said. They all agreed.
Carol was smiling now.
Well, now that I'm awake again......she reached down for Jimmy's cock.
See Carol. See what I mean? You are really attracted to Jimmy already! Now imagine mom and his dad? Or dad and his mom?

Oh fuck, Billy. You think smart.

Come on Lisa. Let's leave these two alone.

Ok Honey.
Lisa and I went back to my bed and held each other quite a while.
I reached and softly caressed her whole pussy and ran my fingers through her pussy hair.

I just want to make you feel good with my hand right now honey. We cak fuck in the morning OK?
OH yeah, Honey. It feels nice. I don't think I have enough energy right now for fucking.

I'll get you off with my hand honey. OK, Billy. That would be nice.

Just take your time and concentrate on my fingers in your pussy. Maybe I can make you cum a long time and slowly.
I ran my hand up and down her opened pussy and caressed her lovingly. I leaned over and kissed her and then laid on my side and went to work slowly.
My whole hand working up and down her groin and into her pussy hole occassionally.
I stuck my two fingers in and very slowly and gently fucked her with no demands. Just feeling her womanhood working around my fingers.

Her legs widened, making more room for my hand.

I twirled her clit between my fingers very gently. Still no demands. She moaned softly. Denly raising and lowering her hips with my slow movements.

i could feel her pussy getting wetter. Her soft moans made me know she was really being pleased.

I scratched my nails through her pussy curls, and then fingeed her clit softly.
Again, I felt surges of her wetness.

Oh Billy honey. I've been in a constant cum baby.
That feels so nice. Even better than I do myself.
Oh Honey. I love what you're doing. Please don't stop. 

I continued to rotate with finger fucking her very softly and slowly and then up and down her complete slit and tenderly roll her clit.

Her pussy became very wet.  I stuck my fingers deeper into her now, and held them there as I leaned over and kissed her again. I'm still cumming honey. Her hips rising and falling with my motions.

Here it comes again honey. I leaned and kissed her deeply again and felt her body shake as I massaged her whole pussy and circled her clit.

Her pussy jambed into my hand and stayed high for a long time. I kissed her harder as her arms went around my neck and rode the big cum with her.

Oh, Honey. That was so very nice. I came a lot Billy.
What you were doing made me keep cumming, but not hard like most times. This time it just kept feeling nice and I could feel my insides letting go with my juice.
It was nice feeling that. 

I think we'll have to change the sheets when we get up.
She rolled over and face me now. Pressing her whole body to me. I put my arm around her and we drifted off to sleep.



























