Pool Party Pleasures - a Samantha's Shame Story
  by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009



My name is Samantha, Sam for short. This is yet another
installment in the journal my bitch sister Betsy is making me
write, detailing all the humiliating things she has done, and is
doing, to me. She has been leaving me alone more than in the
past, ever since she put the chastity belt on me (see "Sam Takes
A Belt"), probably to get me to beg her to release me, or at
least let me pleasure myself. I have been incredibly horny, but
I'm trying very hard not to give her the satisfaction of begging
to get off. I know better than to beg to have the belt removed,
she'd never go for it, and it would most likely piss her off,
which would be bad news for me.


My new boyfriend Paul has been a bit of a chore, he is very
clingy and wants to hang around constantly. Part of me likes the
attention, but I hate getting turned on when I can't do anything
about it without involving my sister, so having him around is
also very frustrating. We tried manipulating the chastity belt to
see if we could get around it, or if I could get off with it on,
and had no luck at all. Even pressing a very strong vibrator
against the cool plastic wasn't enough to get me off, it just
made me horny as hell, with no relief in site. This means I've
limited our makeout sessions quite a bit.

I have had two orgasms since the belt went on. I broke down and
begged Betsy several times to let me play with myself, but she
said no except for once when her boyfriend Jack was over, and
once when my boyfriend Paul was over. She seemed to really enjoy
teasing Paul with what he wasn't allowed to have, making me show
off in very lewd fashion for quite some time, a posing session
worthy of Hustler or some even dirtier porn rag. In front of her
and Jack it was more the usual show and tell, with me
masturbating and her giving him a handjob while they both watched
me get off. My orgasms both times were very intense, likely
because I hadn't cum in weeks. They were so incredible they were
almost worth the torment of not being able to cum for so long.
Almost.

Usually when Betsy leaves me alone for any length of time I
figure she is up to something, planning some adventure for me
that I'll find terribly embarrassing, a situation I'll both love
and hate. This time I was lulled into a false sense of security,
thinking that she was only leaving me alone so that I'd be forced
to beg her for sexual release. You would think I'd have learned
by now, but I haven't. Her plan involved a pool party for
friends, set for a weekend when our parents were scheduled to be
out of town.

I found out about the party the day before. At that point I still
wasn't worried, I figured Betsy would be too busy having a good
time with her friends, and that they weren't the sort of people
she would enjoy tormenting me in front of. I figured wrong. I
knew I'd blown it the day of the party after my parents had left,
that I should have begged to go with my parents, or made some
other plans to get the hell out of the house, when Betsy told me
I'd better be at the party, or else. Dammit! Usually I don't
argue with my sister, she always gets her way, and she is scary.
This time I just couldn't help myself.

"Betsy! How can I be at your pool party, wearing this fucking
belt! It isn't a swimsuit, all your friends will know that right
away!"

"That is right, they aren't stupid, like your friends. They will
figure it out. Deal with it!"

"Fuck, Betsy! I've gone along with your crazy shit, but you've
kept people we know out of it! I can't parade in front of all
those people we know in a god damned chastity belt!"

"Yes, you can. You had better lower your fucking voice, and
address me with some fucking respect, or I will do things to you
that you've never even dreamed of in your worst nightmares.
Things that will hurt, not just humiliate. You will parade around
in front of everyone, and not only will you be wearing the
chastity belt, it will be the only thing you'll be wearing! Got
it, bitch?! GOT IT?!"

There was a menace in her tone that shook me, it rattled down my
spinal column, and caused severe bubbles in my stomach. I gave
the only answer I could.

"OK."

I felt like I had just lost my best friend, I was crestfallen. I
knew a lot of Betsy's friends, and they in turn knew me, and a
lot of my friends. My secret was going to be out, there would be
no holding it back, and everyone I knew would know I was a slut.
Not just your ordinary slut, either, but a slut enslaved by her
sister, and forced to wear a chastity belt. My life was over!

"Don't look so fucking depressed, bitch, you'll bring me down on
party day. If it makes you feel any better, none of my normal
friends will be here. This is another college bash, paying off
the nerd who programmed that wonderful cell phone you had to use
in the park." (see "There's An App For That")

It did make me feel better. Strange that I should look forward to
wandering around topless, wearing only a tight fitting piece of
plastic covering my pussy, in front of total strangers, but it
beat the hell out of doing it in front of a lot of people I knew!
Betsy let me go up to my room, but told me that once the party
was underway, I had better not be wearing anything but the belt,
and I had better come down and join in the fun around the pool -
or else.

I hid in my bedroom, reading a magazine, and heard many guests
arriving for the party as the afternoon progressed. The noise
level around the pool began to pick up, and it actually sounded
like a pretty good bash was underway. I would have been looking
forward to it, if I didn't have to make a spectacle of myself. I
finally decided I'd been hiding long enough, and if I stayed in
my room I was going to piss Betsy off, which I did not want to
do. I took off my clothes, leaving the damn belt on, not that I
could take it off myself since I didn't know the combinations to
the locks on either side of my mound.

I felt more naked than if I had been completely undressed, the
belt seemed to emphasize my exposure, and was itself an
eye-catcher, drawing more attention than a normal bikini bottom
or thong underwear would have. I was embarrassed to see that my
nipples were poking out, hard. The idea of being exposed in such
a humiliating manner was taking its usual toll on my body. I was
getting horny at the thought of everyone staring, even as it made
me horribly uncomfortable. I wish I could get used to being
demeaned and humiliated in public, to being reduced to a sexual
object in front of strange people, but I never do. It is always
horribly embarrassing, and I react to the embarrassment by getting
incredibly turned on. Total feedback loop, because being so
turned on embarasses me further, which turns me on even more, and
so on and so forth. Betsy knows it, and really gets her jollies
watching my reactions. Bitch.

I went downstairs, and people were everywhere in the house, both
guys and gals. I got more than a few stares, mostly from the
guys, the girls seemed to want to look at anything but my near
nakedness. Every eyeball fastened on the chastity belt almost
immediately, each intense stare seemed to push the plastic cup
covering my pussy harder against my clit, more than the usual
pressure the tight fitting device constantly applied, and I was
really starting to get juicy under there. I went out by the pool,
figuring I'd look a little less conspicuous in that setting. I
was surprised to see another girl was topless, and that actually
helped me to relax a little bit. The party was in full swing, and
everyone was obviously feeling good, and some were feeling no
pain. Betsy spotted me instantly.

"Good! I won't have to go upstairs and get you, come on and join
the party!"

She had a drink in her hand, and it obviously wasn't her first,
or even her third. Jack was sitting next to her, but that wasn't
keeping her from flirting with some of the other guys. She looked
good in her french cut one piece, and the guys were enjoying the
view, and the flirting, and Jack was looking a little out of
place and uncomfortable. My arrival drew attention away from
Betsy, which Jack seemed very pleased about.

The guys weren't trying to hide anything, they assessed my
topless form very openly and casually, except for one nerdy dude
with coke-bottle glasses on, and a white blob of zinc oxide on
his nose. The nerd wasn't just looking, he was staring, hard.
First he couldn't take his eyes off my tits, then he registered
the chastity device, and he couldn't stop staring right at the
thin slit cut into the front. His stares were tangible, I could
almost feel them physically touching me, and it made my nipples
pop out even harder than they already were, and my pussy was
tingling like it had been rubbed with nettles or pepper spray. I
felt a few drops of my dew drip out around the plastic cup, which
made me blush intensely, sure that everyone there could see that
my pussy was dripping like a leaky faucet.

"Wow," said the nerd. "What the hell is that thing? I've never
seen a plastic bikini bottom before!"

Betsy spared my having to answer, saying "That's so none of you
perverts can take advantage of my little sister. She wants to
play grown-up, and I want to let her, but if she gets too drunk
you fuckers might take advantage. This way she can party, and
still be safe with all you horny dicks!" She laughed, and all the
guys hanging around her laughed along with her. I wasn't sure if
they thought it was funny, or if they were just laughing because
she was, and they wanted to impress her.

"Go ahead and get a beer or something, Sam. You're allowed."

I wandered away from the little cult of Betsy worship, over to
the coolers by the side of the house, and grabbed a beer. Maybe I
wouldn't feel so self-conscious if I got a little buzzed. I
noticed I had gathered a small following, a couple of the guys
who had been hanging around Betsy were now following me, focused
on my exposed ass, which I had nearly forgotten was hanging out
for all to see. The belt only covered the front door, not the
back, so they all were getting quite a view. I shuddered thinking
about it, I felt even more exposed than when I had stripped on
stage in front of the football frat party. (see "Birthday Bash")

Betsy hadn't said anything about what I was supposed to do or not
do, so I quickly thought about getting in the pool. I could hide
my lower half under water, where it wouldn't be so exposed, and
any juices running from my over-excited honey hole wouldn't show!
Brilliant! I didn't even hesitate for a moment, if Betsy didn't
like it, she would tell me, and I'd get back out. She seemed
quite occupied, though, so I wasn't worried about it at all and I
jumped right in. I felt better almost immediately. The water was
warm and soothing, and I felt a lot less exposed. Even better I
had shucked most of the unwanted male attention, only one of the
guys who had followed me over to the coolers jumped in with me,
the others wandered off to chat up some of the other ladies, they
must not have wanted to get wet.

A few monosyllabic responses to the remaining hanger-on, Uh huh,
nuh huh, yep, nope, and he finally got bored, and wandered off
himself, looking for easier prey. Relief at last! I felt good, I
wasn't on display any more, no one was staring at me, and I was
starting to catch a buzz from the beer. I stayed like that in the
pool, hanging out near the edge for more cover, only getting out
to fetch more beer, and I quickly started grabbing more than one
so I wouldn't have to get out as often. I was actually starting
to enjoy the party!

I was hauling my buzzed ass out of the pool to make another beer
run when it happened. I had drifted over a few feet from where I
had been hanging out, and wound up in front of one of the water
jets that keep the circulation going. As I hauled out of the
pool, the jet hit me right between the legs, and forced straight
through the narrow slit in the plastic that allows me to pee
without taking off the device. It sent a shockwave through my
whole body, I felt like someone had started nibbling right on my
clit! Intense! It had been more than a week since I had been
allowed to cum, and the stimulation wouldn't have had to be very
strong for me to react, but it was VERY strong, and my reaction
was off the chart. I held still for just a moment, and I started
shaking with a mindblowing orgasm! It only took seconds, and I
was cumming like a mink in heat!

Whew! I looked around quickly, but no one seemed to notice, so I
hauled out quickly, went and grabbed a couple more beers, and
jumped back in the pool right by the jet. I didn't plan on it,
but I had found a way to get off without taking off the damn
chastity belt, no more begging Betsy in order to pleasure myself!
I had to keep it a secret, or Betsy would find a way to ruin my
fun. I kept a close eye on everyone, sipped my beers, and every
so often I would move over in front of the jet, and let the
pulsing water pound my lips through the tight slit. It was
awesome! I came and came and came, letting each orgasm wash over
me like a raging river. I was nervous as hell about getting
caught, but I couldn't resist, I just kept hitting that jet over
and over, looking around like a paranoid meth freak in the
interludes.

After a few times, it started taking a little longer to reach
climax, but it felt just as intensely wonderful as the first
time, so I was still hooked. It did mean it was riskier, as the
longer I took, the longer someone had the opportunity to notice
what I was doing, and I would have had a very hard time pulling
away in the middle of the fun, it was just too sensational to
quit before getting all the way to the top of the ride. Of
course, I got caught.

I had pressed up against the jet a little more tightly than I had
been, bucking my hips with the pulses, which really lit my
rockets. I was flushed, my nipples felt like they might pop right
off my heaving tits, and my clit was exploding. It took every
ounce of my willpower not to scream out, and I bit my lip to help
me not vocalize the intensity of what I was feeling. I was just
coming down from the last convulsive wave, which had felt like it
started at my toes and ended at the t0p of my head, lighting
every nerve fiber in my being on fire, when I looked up at the
house, and saw Jack in the window watching me. I knew he had seen
what I was doing, he had a shit eating grin on his face that made
it obvious. Busted! What the fuck was I going to do?

Jack solved my problem for me. He came outside, knelt down and
whispered "We should go and talk somewhere in private..."

"What about Betsy?"

"She's way to busy enjoying herself to notice, or give a shit
what either of us does, come on up to her room. Now." He walked
off into the house.

I pulled myself out of the pool, and wandered into the house after
him, dripping wet all the way up the stairs. I went to Betsy's
room, and Jack was there waiting.

"You know you can't fuck me, and if Betsy catches us she will
fuck you up, right after she kicks my ass, so what the hell do
you want?"

"You know as well as I do that you aren't supposed to cum unless
Betsy lets you. What do you think she'll do when she finds out
what you've been doing with the pool jets, huh?"

Fuck. He was right. But what did that matter now?

"I just want a handjob. Jack me off like Betsy does, while I look
at you, and I'll never say a word."

This was some fucked up shit, but it was a better deal than
getting busted by Betsy.

"OK, but that is as far as it goes. If we get caught, we are
dust!"

Jack pulled down his trunks, and released a raging boner. I could
see it throbbing with his heartbeat, and it was standing almost
straight up. I had just taken hold of it, feeling the heat of so
much blood in one place, when my new boyfriend Paul opened the
door and came in.

"If he gets a handjob, I get one, too! Otherwise I'll narc you
both out to Betsy!"

Obviously he had seen what was going on, and had been listening
at the door. Well, fair is fair. If I'm going to jack off my
sister's boyfriend, I should be willing to jack off my own
boyfriend, right? How do I get myself into these situations?

"OK, Paul, that is only fair. Drop trou, lets get this party
going, before we are missed, and Betsy gets pissed!"

Paul yanked his trunks down, and his cock, only starting to rise
to the occasion, was bigger and beefier than Jack's. I suddenly
realized, although I'd seen his cock before, that my boyfriend
was hung like a horse! I took his dick in my other hand, and
started jacking both of them. They were quickly breathing hard,
and their stares never left my jiggly boobs, which were jumping
up and down in time with the pumping I was giving to their dicks.
Within a few minutes, they were both grunting, and then two hard
cocks were shooting stream after stream of semen across my tits.
They shot quite a lot of cum, I was dripping with it. I quickly
rubbed it into my skin. It felt great on my tits, warm and
sticky, better than the most expensive skin lotion I'd ever used.
I wondered if it would be good for my skin, too. Watching me rub
it in had Paul hard again almost instantly, while Jack was going
to take some time to recover.

"Sorry, Paul, you'll have to deal with that yourself. We need to
get back to the party before Betsy misses us." I playfully
flicked the head of his dick before he pulled up his trunks.

I was back down the stairs in a flash, and back in the pool. This
time I stayed away from the jet, and just enjoyed the water and
my last beer. Betsy never had a clue what happened, she was still
being the queen bee of the party, buzzing here and there,
followed by a cloud of horny dudes. She'll obviously find out
about what happened from this journal, but she hasn't been
reading them so far, just making sure I'm writing something. I'm
still too nervous to not write down the truth, as she warned me
if I didn't write down everything, and she found out I held back,
I would regret it. Eventually I'll be busted, and I'll have to
pay the price. Jack will, too, which makes me feel a little
better about my future predicament - at least I won't be alone. I
figure getting busted for the handjobs will probably suck, but it
will suck less than getting caught not telling the truth about
what happened.

In the meantime, I have my secret - I can cum!

             &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
