A Special Night At The Club
by JustJu

As I walk into the living room I can see your eyes light up when you turn around and look at me and know you obviously approve of what I'm wearing. I smile at you and give you a quick peck on the check just as the cab sounds outside. The club is just a few minutes away from my house so the cab journey is short, as we get out to pay you feel me slip something into your pocket. On the walk into the club you feel in the pocket and you immediately realise that my gift to you was my underwear. I look at you with a mischievious grin and see your smile widen as you realise that this is going to be an awesome night.

Once inside we grab some drinks and hit the dancefloor straight away. It is quite obvious that I have decided to go without a bra too and as I am dancing I can feel my nipples rub gently up and down on the inside of my tight silk blouse. I feel your hand reach for the buttons on my blouse and you undo the top two revealing a large part of my cleavage, I notice a couple of the men dancing around us are now staring directly at the swell of my breasts, but the blouse still hugs my nipples so I am still covered. You pull me in close to you so we are dancing as one. I feel your hand reaching round and slipping inside my blouse, you start stroking my nipples with your fingertips and they harden immediately upon your touch. You continue to stroke them and as you pull on them gently I can feel my pussy begin to moisten. I can tell you are starting to feel the heat too, as I can feel your hard cock pressing into me through your trousers.

Now I am used to our little fun experiences of sharing the occasional intimate touch in public, but I was not expecting what happened next. You moved your hand away from my breast and we continued to dance, then I felt you slip it under the front of my short skirt, I was breathless as your hand reached higher and you started touching my pussy. Right there, in the middle of the club, I could feel my cheeks redden as I glanced around to see if anyone was looking at us. 

Everyone seemed oblivious to our little display and I had to admit that I was finding it more than just a little exciting. I could feel my longing rise as I felt your finger dip into my wetness and then continue to stroke my clitoris. This was getting too much for me, I was feeling dizzy with desire. I lean over and whisper into your ear, we need to get out of here, I need you inside me now!

Outside the club, you go to hail a cab. I pull you back because I can't wait I need you now. There is a alley to the side of the club that leads around the back to a small yard, it's dark and no-one is around so I pull you into the alley. We kiss each other hard as you undo the rest of my buttons on my blouse, I reach for your belt and frantically undo your trousers until I have my hand enclosed around your hard shaft.

You move your mouth away from mine and enclose it around my hard nipple, rolling it with your tongue and gently biting it. I look you in the eyes and tell you that I want your cock inside me now, but that I need it hard and fast. 

You turn me round and my hands outstretched so my palms are on the wall, you raise up my skirt and I feel your hard cock enter me from behind sliding into my wet pussy with ease. I let out a moan, that feels so good. Your reach round and grab my breasts, thrusting your cock so it is all in then all out, you are teasing me but you know I love it. 

Although I need more than that now, so I tell you. You start increasing the speed of your thrusts, my breasts are now up against the cool concrete as you press your palms against the wall so you can fuck me harder. I can hear your balls banging off my ass with every thrust. I can not hold it anymore, I am going to come I tell you and as I reach that peak of desire and lust, the waves of my orgasm run through my whole body. I feel you tense up now too, you let out a deep moan and I can feel your cock throbbing as you explode inside my pussy. I have that slight sense of disappointment that I always get as you pull your cock out of me, I never want it to end. My pussy is still pulsating and my legs feel weak, so I turn around and put my arms around your neck. You hold me tight until my orgasm subsides.
