

More at: http://www.asstr.org/~DariusThornhill

Black Bottom by Darius Thornhill

Theres nothing like sliding your white cock deep into the anus of a big-cheeked black woman. I was addicted. It was the third time that night Id buggered her. No sooner had I filled her bum with sperm than Id collapse across her ample black buttocks as she fell forward onto the bed, a few final thrusts and squeezes finally emptied my balls and my cock would eventually get soft and pop out of her tight dark star to nestle between her chocolate cheeks.

Then shed reach back to make sure my cock was perfectly positioned between her arse cheeks and start to squeeze her buttocks together massaging me back to full hardness before greasing my cock again and kneeling before me, head down, legs spread with her bum in the air waiting for me to penetrate her dark tightness.

Shed be wiggling her arse from side to side and back to front, her anus opening and closing in a horny invitation. All the time her rich Caribbean voice urged me on saying things like, Hey honey. You want to fuck my big black ass? Come on baby you know mamma likes it. Let her have your thick cock up her tight ass. Its all oiled and ready for you baby.

The erotic musk of her full-lipped vagina combined with the more earthy smell of her anus and my sperm-laden semen, perfumed and permeated the air in the small windowless room. The heat of her body drew me in like a moth to a flame. The tip of my cock would ease slowly into her anus as she pulled her cheeks apart and pushed her back passage open for me. Then her big cheeks would suck me in and draw me deeper into her until the whole length of my cock was buried balls-deep into her willing bottom. And then Id slide it all the way out and in again, my width easing her firm cheeks apart and stretching her tight arse. Slowly at first Id start to bugger her, sometimes pulling back to watch my long white cock sliding into the darker flesh around her anus feeling the delicious tightness of her taboo hole and gazing in awe at her perfect cheeks.

Oh God! Did she have a beautiful bottom. Big, round and firm - two enticing swellings hiding provocatively in her panties. She wasnt fat. She had a slim waist that emphasised her full heavy breasts and those perfect prominent plump buttocks that some black women have. Perfect for me to lay my head between and breath in her anal aroma before I buggered her again. Perfect for me to run my tongue between her smooth roundn to open her tight taboo passage. Sometimes Id kneel over her back with my oiled cock between her shoulders in a reverse sixty-nine. My hands would be pulling her cheeks apart so my tongue could penetrate deeper into her fragrant cavity, licking sucking and fucking her like a small cock. I fantasised about this awake and asleep.

But now she was squeezing her cheeks together milking my cock. When she felt me near to coming shed slow down to make it last longer. Id bugger her for hours sometimes after the first time I filled her arse in an evening, but eventually, when coming again was inevitable, she knew and would say, Come on baby stretch your mommas big black ass and fill it with your come. Thats it baby bugger me deep and come in mommas bottom. Momma likes a big white cock fucking her tight black hole.

Some times Id smack her bottom with the flat of my hand to make her lie down and then take my weight on just my hands and toes so the only thing touching her was my cock sliding relentlessly in and out of her arse. Sometimes Id kneel up and make her squat with her legs apart over mine, her cheeks pushed back and her arsehole open for my cock. While I fucked her bottom Id play with her large brown nipples or stroke her shaved wet cunt with my fingers. But always my cock was up her deliciously tight black bum, as far as it would go up her delicious smooth back passage. I couldnt get enough. I never had been able to ever since shed crept into my bed when she was 16 and I was 14 and wed first discovered cunnilingus, fucking and anal sex during those long dark Caribbean evenings. It was good for me too, almost in a spiritual way. It took me to a different, better place. Sliding full length into her warm, oiled anus felt ethereal. Feeling her cheeks caressing my stomach and massaging my balls as I pushed deeper into her tightness was like worshipping at the temple of her soul. Arse-soul-food I called it.

Yes I did fuck her smooth welcoming cunt sometimes when we were at home alone and there were no silent wanking men (and sometimes women too) in the dark space behind the glass screens round the edge of the small windowless room.

Outside in the tropic dawn wed walk home laughing and giggling and talking about our work. We enjoyed sharing our pleasure with the paying customers behind the glass. But it wasnt work really. Wed have done it for nothing. It was a bonus getting paid for buggering my step-sisters big beautiful bouncy black bottom.

Darius Thornhill
2006
More at: http://www.asstr.org/~DariusThornhill