Just a Peek by Bakeboss:
It was just a normal lunch hour; I was in the park looking for a place to eat my sack lunch. I was not searching for sun or shade or a view of the greenery, I was hoping to find a seat where I might get a glimpse up a young ladies skirt. I know it sounds sick and I guess it is but nothing turns me on more than to peek where I'm not supposed to look.

I ended up across from a rather frumpy woman sitting on a blanket while she fed most of her lunch to the birds. She was a middle-aged washed out blonde with ill-fitting clothes and a rather short skirt for a woman of her years. She was not the kind of person you would notice and just as I was debating whether to more on, she fell back while reaching for her lunch. As she caught herself, her legs came apart and there I was staring right at her panties. I could see she was wearing hose instead of pantyhose and her chubby thighs bulged out over the tops of her nylons. I didn't care, this was the longest peek I'd ever had up a girls skirt and I liked it. She remained that way as first she tried to rebalance herself and then to retrieve her bag again. I sat there staring open-mouthed for one, two, three counts and still I was seeing up her skirt. She finally righted herself and then she was staring right into my eyes. She had to know I was peeping at her as there was no other explanation and yet instead of a nasty look I got a smile as she slowly closed her legs. It was as if she didn't care if I ogled her, it threw me for a loop, and I didn't know what to do.

As I watched, she stood and crossed over to where I was sitting and sat next to me.

"You were just looking up my skirt, weren't you?"

"Er, no, I mean I'm sorry I didn't mean to..."

"Just tell me this did you like it?"

"Oh god yes, I mean I'm sorry I'm really not that kind of guy."

"No, it's OK it excited me when I saw you looking. My name is Joyce, what's your name?"

"I'm Richard, Rich, you mean you didn't mind me peeking at you?"

"Richard, honey I wouldn't call that open mouth stare a peek but yeah it excites me when a young man such as yourself takes the time to stare at me."

My boner was so hard it hurt, in all my twenty years I'd never had a girl say she liked it when I peeked at her. Without thinking, I gave my erection a squeeze and then turned beet red when I looked up to see her watching me.

"You know Rich if this really turns you on I could use your help in something I've always wanted to do. But you have to know you can't ever touch me all you can do is watch."

I said yes right on the spot without even waiting to find out what she wanted me to do. She gave me her number and told me to call her after work.

I didn't think my day would ever end and yet finally it did, I rushed home to call Joyce. I called but got her machine, I left my number but I thought she had probability changed her mine. I had just placed a frozen dinner into the micro when the phone rang. It was Joyce, she invited me to her place, and as soon as I wrote the directions to her apartment, I was out the door.

I rang the bell and she opened the door wide as she stood there dressed in the same skirt but she had taken her blouse off and was standing there in her bra.

"Sorry about how I'm dressed," she teased, "But I just had to get out of that blouse I felt like it was choking me. Come in sit down, would you like a glass of wine?"

I didn't think I could talk so I just nodded my head, she invited me to sit, and when she returned with our wine, she sat across from me with her legs split ever so slightly apart.

"You naughty boy do want another peek up my skirt?"

I just nodded my head again as I felt my throat might close up solid. She spread her legs a little more but put them together gain. She then invited me to kneel on the floor in front of her to get a look up close. I dropped to my knees in front of her and after instructing me to put my hands behind my back, she spread her legs for me. She had taken off her panties, and there right in front of me was her naked pussy, I was so close I could see the moisture glisten off her pubic hair. She asked me if I could smell her excitement and again all I could do was nod. She said,

"I'm sorry I just have to do this now."

She then pulled up her skirt and put her fingers to her slit. I watched as she pleasured herself while she told me how much I turned her on. I watched her give herself an orgasm and then another. When she was finally sated, she put her skirt back down and leaned back against the couch but still with her legs spread for my enjoyment.

"Richard, this is what I want from you, I would like you to come over and watch me make myself cum, a few times a week. I'm a married woman so you would never be able to touch me but if you like to watch I sure do like to have you watch."

I of course, agreed without hesitation. Ever since then when Joyce's husband is out of town or busy she'll give me a call. She always asks me if I'm busy but there is nothing I'd rather do than watch Joyce so I always show up when invited.

I know I not getting laid and I know Joyce is still cheating even if there is no touching going on but neither one of us care. Every time, I leave her house with a throbbing erection and in fact, I usually jack off in the car on the way home. I guess the weirdest thing is I having the best sex of my life with Joyce and I think she would agree with me and we haven't even kissed. I don't care I hope it never ends.