Suzie walked into Jack’s empty office and sat at his desk. He was probably out molesting the coffee boy again, trying to reassert himself. He’d had the weekend to check the feed from the tourist office camera. He could have checked, and re-checked by now, and still have a day for it to sink in.

She grabbed one of the reports on the desk and un-clipped the top of the marker she’d brought in for just this reason. She wrote four words, pressing down hard so that ink marks would bleed through to the other side. Enough to tell that there was something there, but not enough to read it.

She recapped the pen and slipped it back into her pocket. She reached into her other pocket for the spray as she heard Jack’s boots clatter on the metal steps outside. She left the spray on top of the tallest pile of papers. It balanced somewhat precariously, but it didn’t need to be there for too long; it just needed to be very visible from the doorway.

“Coulda sworn this was my office.” Jack snarked as he walked in. Oh good, Suzie thought, he’s annoyed.

“Poor Jack, Ianto still not putting out?” Jack scowled at her and she smiled innocently. “Maybe you’re not his type?”

Jack smiled back, hint of anger in his expression. “No but apparently you’re his. Oh and Owen’s, Tosh’s and I wouldn’t be surprised if you were Myfanwy’s by now.”

“Some of us just have the gift.” Suzie smirked at him and delighted in the fact that she really was managing to get under his skin.

“Yeah, and it comes in such a pretty bottle, too,” Jack said, nodding to the spray. He inhaled deeply. “Alien pheromones, at a guess. But you shouldn’t have, not on my account.” Jack had walked around the desk and was looming over her in what Suzie suspected was meant to be an intimidating gesture. I’ll bet it even works on some people, she thought.

“Strange how it works on everyone else but you. Why is that, Jack?”

“I never said it didn’t work on me.” Jack bent over, his mouth less than an inch away from her ear. “I just said you didn’t need it.”
Suzie turned around; her lips so close to Jack’s that she could practically feel them.

“Sorry Jack.” Suzie enunciated each word carefully “I have some standards and ‘human’ is one of them.”

Jack spun the chair until Suzie was facing away from him.

“Out of my chair.”

Suzie slowly stood up, Jack turning the chair back when she was barely clear. Now, in for the kill

“Because it is interesting how many things don’t work on you, isn’t it?”

Jack sat down and glared. She was reasonably sure that, if looks could kill, three generations of her ancestors would never have been born. She certainly couldn’t stop now, not even to retrieve the atomiser.

“But I know something that does work on you, Jack,” she said as she walked out of the office and onto the balcony. “Never fails, success guaranteed.”

She wished that she could have waited to see the look on his face. Maybe she’d check the camera later. Watch as he noticed the ink spots, watched him turn over the paper, watch his reaction when he realised that she knew him better than anyone; that she’d worked out his weakness. Watch him read those four simple words that would drive him crazy.

You. Can't. Have. Me