Step Sister gets Spanked
by SleepyBeetle

It was a sunny lazy afternoon as Mike settled down in the sun lounger, he
closed his eyes and started to drift off into a light sleep.  A while later
he opened his eyes slightly to watch the form of his younger sister by 2
years come out of the house and walk towards him.  She was wearing a one
piece swimming costume and he could not help appraise the shape of her
body, maybe a couple of pounds overweight but pleasantly ripe looking.  She
had a small pair of breasts that moved only slightly as she walked, and he
could see the indentation of where her belly button was. His eyes drifted
down to the slight bulge of her pubic area framed by pale thighs.  She must
have been aware of his gaze, as she looked at him and for an awkward second
or 2 caught his eye, causing him to quickly look at something behind her to
pretend that he hadn't really been ogling her young body.  He knew he
really really shouldn't be looking at his sister like this, he knew it was
wrong, but something had happened 3 days ago that he had not been able to
stop thinking about ever since.  He tried to not let the same thoughts loop
endlessly, continuously making him horny, but he just didn't seem to be
able to snap out of it.  The only small excuse that allowed him to think
like this was that Sarah was not his biological sister but had come along
when his dad had married Sarah's mother.  Still, Sarah was only 3 when this
happened, so she really was to all intents and purposes his sister.  He
really wished he could stop thinking like this, but closed his eyes and
started to replay the shocking and incredible memory once again.

   His sister Sarah had been going through an awkward stage, and his mother
was starting to get desperate.  It seemed to be the final straw when she
found a packet of cigarettes in her pocket, and it seemed to Mike that his
mother just flipped.  He and his sister were in the lounge at the time, and
his mother had stormed in shouting at Sarah, 'Just WHAT are these doing in
your pocket young lady?'.  Sarah came out with a load of excuses that
wouldn't have fooled a child, and then the incredible and shocking thing
had happened.  'Right, that IS IT!, come with me to your room NOW!'.  She
then grabbed Sarah's arm and hauled her off the sofa.  Sarah was looking
very worried as she cried 'What are you doing, get off!', his mother had
then come out with the words that had immediately raised Mike's blood
pressure and caused his cock to rise almost immediately.  'You are going to
get a damn good spanking, now come with me!' He caught the look of horror
on his step sister's face as his mother hauled her off to her room to be
spanked.  Mike was beside himself, his sister was clearly too old to be
spanked, but it appeared this this was exactly what his mother was going to
do!  Quickly he rushed upstairs to his room, which was directly next door
to his sisters.  He put a glass to the wall and listened.  He could hear
everything!  'Please, Mom No! ..  you can't possibly spank me, I'm not a
child!' 'Pull your Jeans down NOW!' Next he heard the sound of sobbing and
he assumed that his sister was indeed pulling her jeans down.  This was all
too much, and as he listened he dropped his own jeans and underpants and
started to gently masturbate as he anticipated listening to the sound of
his sister's bottom get spanked.  What came next was the icing on the cake.
'And your knickers' came the voice of his mother.  This sent even more of a
shocked erotic charge through Mike 'MOM! ..  NO!, you can't be serious!' 'I
am perfectly serious, and if you don't do it NOW I will haul you downstairs
and spank your bare bottom in front of your brother.  The choice is yours'
This was almost too much for Mike to take, but he held back.  For the next
few seconds all he could hear was her sobbing, and he guessed that
(unfortunately) she was not going to be spanked in from of him.  'Now bend
over my Knee' more sobbing.  Mike could see in his minds eye the sight of
his sister, naked from the waste down, vagina clearly on display bending
across his mothers knee.  SPANK!  'OW!, mom please that hurts' SPANK! 
SPANK!  'then maybe you'll think twice about smoking!' SPANK!  SPANK! 
SPANK!  SPANK!  Mike was ready to explode.  He could hear the sounds of his
mother's hand smacking his sisters bottom and could visualize her red plump
cheeks bouncing with each stroke, and her legs parting slightly as she
wriggled in pain exposing her pussy lips.  He finally came just before his
mother had finished the spanking, then collapsed on the bed exhausted with
the whole sexual tension of just what had happened.

   So this was why Mike has started to look at his sister in such an
inappropriate way.  He had no idea how to stop what was starting to feel
like an obsession, but things were going to get a whole lot more intense as
events unfolded over the next few days.

Later that evening as the day was starting to cool off, Michael went back
into the house to make some dinner.  His parents were away for a week and
so it was just him and his Sister in the house together.  He asked his
sister what she fancied to eat, and in the end they both decided that they
couldn't be bothered cooking and would just order a Pizza.  After eating
Sarah went upstairs, phoned a friend and started her usual hour long chat.
Mike watched a bit of TV and then started to smell something burning so
went to investigate.  He finally tracked the smell down to his sister's
room, knocked on the door, received no answer, but then noticed that the
talking sound had come from the bathroom so assumed Sarah was on the phone
in there.  Worried that the fire was going to get out of control he went
into Sarah's room and quickly found the culprit in the form a cigarette
that had fallen out of her makeshift ashtray (a coke can) and started to
smolder on her duvet.

   He was shocked that his sister was still smoking after the other day's
spanking, but didn't have too much time to think about it before his sister
ran in.  'What the fuck are you doing in my room!' she shouted 'I smelt
something burning, and it was a good job too or else your whole room could
have gone up!' Sarah's heart sank, not only had her brother caught her
smoking, but there was undeniable evidence in the form of a huge burn hole
that without drastic action would let her mother know that she had smoked
again.  Exactly what her mother would do terrified her, however it wasn't
just the spanking that worried her.  She had an enormous crush on a boy
named Mathew in one of her classes, and knew that he was going to be going
to Jenny Smith's party next weekend.  She was finally going to make her
move, but also knew that Jenny Smith also like Mathew.  If she wasn't there
she would lose him for good!  Her mind went into overdrive.  She didn't
have any money to buy a new duvet!  How would she keep it secret and would
her brother tell her Mom?  Mike's mind was also going into overdrive. 
Sarah was going to get a spanking for sure!  He was already thinking that
just maybe his mother's threat of spanking her bare bottom in front of him
would be realized.  His cock twitched at the prospect and he found himself
immediately start to get aroused.  Sarah decided that she would throw
herself on her brother's good nature to try and get out of the situation.
'Mike, please please please lend me some money to get a new duvet, and
please don't tell Mom!' But Mike was thinking about the spanking too much
to give in.  Even if it was done in her own room he had decided to make an
audio tape to play back as he indulged in his unhealthy fantasies.  'Not a
chance!  Your going to get such a spanking when Mom comes back!' Sarah's
heart sank, but she wasn't about to give in 'Please Mike, I'll do anything,
it's really really important that Mom doesn't find out ..  I really mean
it, I'll do all of your chores for 2 months, anything!' Mike was not to be
persuaded however.  'No, you need a spanking just like last time ...  I'm
really disappointed with you, you know you shouldn't smoke' Sarah decided
to be honest with him.  'Actually it's not the spanking I'm worried about,
if Mom finds out I'll be grounded for sure and miss Jenny Smith's party! 
Please Mike, don't do this!'.  She was on the verge of tears by now, and
knew that this was her last chance.

   At this point a terrible idea entered Mike's head, he knew that what he
was going to suggest next was insane but couldn't help trying.  It was a
big gamble and he knew that if he hesitated he would never get the chance
again, He took a deep mental breath and then made his suggestion 'OK, I'll
spank you then' Sarah was shocked, this was not what she was expecting and
she knew that what Mike was suggesting was not something that a brother
should want to do to his sister.  The idea also sent an unwanted sexual
tingle through her, and she remembered masturbating the fateful night of
her last spanking, not understanding why she replayed the humiliation of
having her bare bottom smacked like a little girl over and over again as
she pleasured herself.  'You've got to be kidding! ..  your not Mom!  and
I'm not a child!' 'That's the only deal I'm going to give you, answer me
now or the deal goes away.  You get spanked by me just like mom would have
done, or you wait till Mom gets home, get spanked by her and grounded, the
choice is yours' Sarah was cornered and terrified, she had nowhere to go
'OK, I'll do it.  Let's just get it over and done with' Butterflies were
dancing in her stomach as Mike then told her to come down stairs with him
and draw the curtains.  One of many things that was worrying her was the
fact that Mike had said the spanking would be 'just like Mom did', surely
he didn't know that she'd taken her knickers down?  She actually had no
idea how Mike was going to do the spanking and the whole thing terrified
her.  It was at this point that she realized that she was only wearing a
pair of shorts and her one piece swimming costume.  She was trembling as
she decided to try to steer the situation into the least humiliating
scenario as possible, so she bent over the table and while still keeping
her shorts on said to Mike 'OK, just get it over with please, this is so
embarrassing!' Mike was not going to let her get away with this however 'I
said just like mom did, I'm not stupid, I know EXACTLY how you got spanked
last time' Sarah's heart sank, but she thought she'd bluff it.  'OK, I'll
bend over your knee then' as she walked over to the couch where Mike was
sitting.  'No, stop playing dumb or I swear the deals off.  I already know
how Mom spanked you, but I want you to tell me so that I we both know what
you're in for.' Sarah was trembling and on the verge of tears as she then
said to Mike in a hushed voice 'OK, mom spanked me over her knee on the ..
on the bare bottom' She couldn't look at Mike as the horrible realization
that she was going to be made to expose her bare bottom to him, and that
shortly his hand would be spanking it!  Then she remembered that she was
wearing a one piece swimming costume.  Surely he wouldn't expect her to
remove that!  she would be completely naked!  'OK, just let me go upstairs
and put my pajamas on and then for fuck's sake please get this over and
done with' 'No' said Mike, and Sarah knew that her worst fears were about
to come true, Mike wanted to spank her completely naked.  'You've got to be
kidding!  I can't take this off in front of my brother!  I'll be naked!  I
can't do it!.  Please PLEASE don't make me do this Michael!' 'Do it now or
the deals off' Her face was bright red as she turned to face away from her
brother and began to slide the shoulder straps of her costume down.  She
was actually incredibly body shy, and while she had let boys roam around
her body with their hands under her clothes no one had ever actually seen
her breasts, let alone her pussy!  Like most teenage girls she was worried
about what her body looked like.  She thought her breasts too small and her
bum too plump.  How can the first person to see her body be her brother! 
She was trembling and on the verge of tears, but for some reason the
combination of butterflies and the knowledge that she was stripping naked
for a spanking from of her brother started a familiar tingle of sexual
excitement.  She hated the way her body was reacting to the situation, but
just couldn't control it.  Mike watched as his sister slowly, carefully
removed her costume trying to reveal as little as possible.  She still had
her back to him so all he could see that he hadn't seen before was her bum,
but he drank in the site.  Once the swimming costume was off his sister
turned around.  She had one arm over her breasts, and the other covering
her pussy, however even so he could the outside of a light pink aureole
just escaping.  'Please Mike, just get this over with quickly!' 'Put your
hands by your sides' 'What! ...  Mike please, no!, you're my brother this
isn't right, you shouldn't see me naked' 'Do it, or the deals off' Sarah
had gone this far, she felt humiliated and on the verge of tears.  The
sheer horror of being made to strip naked in front of a boy, especially her
brother was just too much.  As a single tear ran down her bright red face
she gave in, dropped her arms to her side and exposed her entire naked form
to her brother.  She closed her eyes but even so thought that she could
feel his intense gaze drinking up the sight of her young breasts and pussy.
The thought only seemed to increase the throbbing of pleasure coming from
her sex.

Michael couldn't believe that he had managed to make his step sister strip
for her spanking.  He felt ready to explode as he stared at her entire nude
body.  She had very pale skin, and the whole embarrassment of the situation
had left a red rash on her face and across the top of her chest down to the
start of her breasts.  Her breasts were small but perfectly shaped.  Light
pink nipples with large aureole on snow white mounds.  His eyes traveled
down her stomach noting the ever so small soft look pot belly, down to the
triangle of her pubic hair framed by snow white plump thighs.  He stared
for what seemed like ages, but in fact was probably about 30 seconds.

   Sarah, then with a tremble in her quite voice said 'Mike, please, just
do this and get it over with'.

   'Come over hear and bend over my knee'

   Sarah, walked over to Mike, and as she did so noticed the distinct bulge
in his shorts.  She had of course known that there was a sexual aspect to
all of this, and her own body was betraying her in the same way as she felt
the moistness in her pussy, however this confirmation made her even more
scared and keen to get the spanking finished.  This whole situation felt
just wrong.  She draped herself over her brother's knees acutely aware of
the fact that Mike was about to touch her naked bottom.  Mike then asked
her to push herself further over his knee.  Both knew that would leave her
even more exposed!  As Mike suggested this he touched his sister for the
first time to help her move into the position he wanted.  The first touch
of his hands on her soft warm skin almost made him cum on the spot.  As she
shifted across, one of his hands touched the outside of one of her breasts,
and for a fleeting second he brushed one her nipples.  He genuinely had not
wanted to do this, but the moment sent him into an even higher state of
arousal.

   Once she was in position he looked down at his naked step sister's
buttocks, pussy lips clearly on display.  Strange as it was he wasn't too
sure where to put his hands, but pushed past any reservations now that he
had gone this far and rested his right hand on his sisters buttocks.  The
feel of their plump softness, the fact that his fingers were a couple of
inches away from her naked pussy, and the sheer humiliation that he was
putting her through raged through Mikes mind.

   Sara was mortified, but the more humiliated she felt the more powerful
the throbbing that came from her sex.  She knew what he was looking at, and
she was terrified of how she was responding.  'Please, just get it over
with!' Mike raised his hand SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!  The spanking was harder
than their mother had given, and Sarah gasped at the pain which mingled
confusingly with the pleasure she felt.  SPANK!  SPANK!  As Michael spanked
his sister he watched her buttocks jiggle and turn red.  He could feel her
upper body moving as she jerked around from the spanking and moved his left
hand to nearer her breast so that it rubbed against it.  Knowing that his
sister couldn't help noticing despite the pain of the spanking, he felt he
couldn't help himself as he curled his hand up to cup his step sister's
small soft breast.  Her nipple was hard and the breast was incredibly soft
with skin that felt as smooth as silk.  He knew he should stop but somehow
felt compelled to massage her soft breast in his hand as he continued to
smack her naked bottom.

   He was wearing a thin pair of shorts and as he spanked her the rhythmic
movement of her body was causing them to rub against his cock, driving him
closer and closer to cuming.  Sarah knew she was losing control.  The
spanking seemed to go on for ever, and the throbbing from her sex was
getting stronger and stronger.  The humiliation of having her bottom
smacked like a naughty little girl, the fact that her brother was ogling
and touching her naked body, all of these thing drove her nearer to orgasm.
She decided to give in.  If he wanted to look at her body, let him.  With
that she opened her legs wide, knowing and wanting that her brother would
be able to now look fully at her exposed pussy.  This was too much for
Mike, and as he explosively came he gripped one of his sister's buttocks
and let one finger dip into her pussy.

   And then it was over, for a couple of seconds there was silence and then
Michael, barely able to talk said 'I think that's enough' Sarah jumped off
his lap and ran upstairs still naked with tears streaming down her face. 
Michael was shocked at what he had just done.  He thought that he had
ruined his relationship with his sister forever.  He cleaned himself up and
looked over at the discarded swimming costume that he had forced his sister
to remove.  He decided that he had to try and sort things out immediately
or would lose his nerve, and with that went up to his sister's room to try
and achieve the impossible by putting things back the way they should be.

   To this day Mike doesn't know why he didn't knock, maybe it was the fact
that he had already seen everything his sister had already, maybe it was
because he was panicking, whatever the reason he just walked into his
sister's room and started to talk.  'Sarah, look I feel terrible, I
........' And then he stopped.  In front of him, his sister was lying on
the bed completely naked.  Her legs were open wide and she was furiously
masturbating and right at the very moment he had come in was in the throws
of a violent orgasm.  For some reason the fact that her buttocks were still
bright red from the spanking is the thing that sticks in Mike mind the
most. 'Get OUT!' Mike left immediately, however he now knew that just as
his mother spanking his sister had awoken something in him, the same
feelings had been awoken in his sister.  His cock twitched again as he
thought of the opportunities that this could have in the next few months.
Things were never going to be the same again.

