We made arrangements to meet when you were in town next. I waited in the condo I'd rented, flipping through my favourite porn blog. Not that I needed anymore ideas...I had an ACTUAL list of them where you were concerned. When your knock comes I jump up, tossing my phone on the couch and walk over to let you in.
We're both grinning big when I reach for you and drag you inside, closing the door and pushing you against it, stopping whatever you were about to say with a kiss. "You asshole...you made me wait so long," I growl against your mouth.
You spin us and push me into the door, matching my hunger. "I'm here now...," you say, pulling back enough to separate our mouths.
I run my hands down your torso and give you a playful push. "Go check out the view." You do, moving to stand in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows, gazing out at the spectacular harbour front. You look beautiful bathed in sunlight and I walk over to you, pausing to grab an item off the table. My arms encircle you and you look down to see the collar I'm holding out.
Taking it from me, you study it. "Property of Boyboygirllove...," there is surprise in your voice but you bring it up and place it around your neck.
My fingers come up to fasten it, and I'm surprised by the reverence I feel seeing it in place around your neck. MINE. I collect myself and say, "While you wear this, you do whatever I say...no questions asked."
"Always," you whisper.
Pulling the blindfold I had wrapped around my wrist, I slide it over your eyes and step away from you, putting that to the test. "Strip," I order.
You do in silence but I can see the hesitation in your movement, knowing you are standing in front of a window on a busy street in the middle of the day. I also know you crave this...being exposed for what you are.
I turn away from you, discard my dress and grab up my strapless girlcock, sliding it up into my slick cunt. I return to you and press you against the window with your hands out and legs spread. You'd hiss because the glass is cold but are quickly distracted by my wet fingers working your asshole. "That's it slave, let me in."
You moan as I work you open, your cock hardening against the glass. I pull back on your hair, bringing my mouth to your ear, "Everyone can see you on display for me, cock hard like a dirty slut."
"Oh god...,"you moan with arousal.
When you're stretched and lubed, I feed my long black cock into you with a hard shove, knowing you love that intense intrusion...that ownership. I fuck you until your cock starts to leak all over the glass and you're loud enough for the neighboring room to hear. My eyes search the street below until I see what I'm looking for. "There's a man watching us...watching me make you my whore."
This pulls a deep, needy groan from you as I work your hole relentlessly. "He's clearly interested in what you're offering by the way he's palming his cock," I say, amused. Grabbing onto your hips, I take you to the edge expertly and then stop. "Turn around and clean off my cock, slave."
You turn around and begin to bend over, but you gasp when I push your ass into the glass. "Spread your ass and show him your abused asshole first," I order.
"Jesus...fuck..!" You're shameless as you do and I couldn't be more proud.
I guide my cock into your mouth and give my hips and few pumps, driving in deep. "I hope you don't mind....I signaled for him to come up and join us..."
The moment the words leave my lips, your mouth stills mid-bob and you pull back off my girlcock in surprise. "Coming up here? Right now? To...play with us?"
I bite back my giggle at your shock and manage a semi-serious nod. "It's time. You're ready...and HERE. You also know him...," I say gently. I see you visibly relax as the tension leaves your shoulders. I grab your hand and pull you to your feet and into a kiss, our cocks trapped between our bodies. Excitement thrums through me and I pull back to look up into your dark eyes...and then down to the collar around your neck.
You read my thoughts and answer without me even having to ask, "I meant what I said earlier. As long as I wear this...I'll follow your lead." I smile proudly at you and feel a surge of possessiveness.
"So who is the guy?" you ask, unable to help yourself. There were a few we played with online but I had singled one out early on as the best match for us.
I begin walking backwards toward the door, shaking my head. "Not telling...you'll know as soon as you're kneeling in front of his hard cock though."
At that you choke out a laugh, "Fuck...you're trouble." I wink and make a show of stroking my girlcock leisurely. "And you're about to FEEL the full force of it, " I tease just as a knock comes at the door. I watch you take a deep breath before turning to answer it.
The man on the other side takes one look at us and shakes his head, smile busting wide on his face. "I can't believe we're all here!" His mischievous eyes take in my lingerie and girlcock and then your naked, collared body and visibly adjusts himself, clearly aroused.
"Come on in...this slave's not going to suck himself!"
You swear from across the room. "She's in rare form...I'm not sure we'll survive when she's done with us."
I wink in agreement and close the door after him. "Did you enjoy the show my slave put on for you?" I watch as you both study each other and hope the same connection we have online translates in person.
I'm not disappointed when our third approaches you and stops a foot away, giving you a sweep of his appreciative gaze. "I did...far more enticing than on cam."
I watch your head bow submissively to the taller man, knowing you needed some dominance in any man we played with to truly be able to let go. I circle behind you and lean up to your ear, whispering, "Undo his pants for me."
The moment you reach out to touch him I'm struck by the reality of the moment...no more fantasizing about it...this was happening. My hand finds your neck, needing you to know I'm in control and I've got you.
Zipper lowered you pull his pants down as you drop to your knees before him. "Fuck...I was really hoping it was you." Cock semi-hard and rising, I feel a shudder go through your body. We'd talked about this...that moment of hesitation before crossing over into that bi realm. It was going to be hard for you. As your Domme I take control of the situation and nudge the back of your head with my knee, causing your mouth to bump up against it. Like a match to kerosene.
That's all it takes and you grab him in your hand and press the hard length of him to your face before sliding him home like you haven't eaten in days. You both groan, deep, raw sounds and I feel it EVERYWHERE. Nothing is hotter to me than seeing two men embrace their lust for one another. I press my hand to my stomach to steady the torrent of need that rips through me at what I've set in motion.
The sound of your cock sucking fills the room and I start to get restless, battling the need inside me. When our third groans and grabs for your head I blurt out, "Bed...now!" We'd talked about a scenario that would drive me wild and I wanted it so badly. Helping you up from the floor, I grab both your hands and drag you into the room with the king bed. Letting go, I crawl up and lay down, cooking my finger at you both.
You crawl up first and straddle my girlcock, sinking down over it. Your weight pushing down into my swollen clit is just what I need and it gives me a delicious view of your leaking cock. Our third joins us and straddles my face, leaning back on his arms, causing his cock to jut out at you and his balls to hang right over my mouth.
"Bring your mouth back here, slave...it's time to give the lady what she wants," our third encourages you.
You lean down and swallow his length, setting up a slutty rhythm of sucking him and fucking me.
My tongue plays with his balls as you devour his shaft and suddenly the room is filled with sounds of pleasure from the three of us. As you work down, our tongues meet at the base and brush against each other, sending a bolt of lust straight to my cunt. I'm struck again by the realness of the moment...that I'm not just dreaming. It's not long before my tongue is travelling down his taint and my hands are spreading his ass so I can get at his hole. The moment I breach it, he swears and shoves up into your mouth and then back onto my tongue. I work my tongue in and out, savouring the musky taste of him and feeling my orgasm build with each downward plunge of your ass on my cock.
"Fuck...I...fuck I'm close...," our third warns us, with a desperate edge to his voice.
I push at his hips, encouraging him to move off me. "I need to see my slut swallow every last drop."
You curse, knowing I mean it.
We all change positions and you find yourself on your hands and knees, sandwiched between the two of us. I nod at our third and he and I both push inside of you, filling you from both ends. I grab onto your hips and slam home, over and over. The force of my thrusts has you gagging on his thick cock and I KNOW your cock is as hards as it's ever been being used by us like this.
"Fuuuucckkk...look at him taking us like a pro...you trained him well," our third grits out grabbing at your head for leverage.
"He knows he was MADE for this...made for my pleasure," I say breathlessly, smacking your ass and clawing at your back, leaving marks as I go. The room smells like sweat and ass mixed with arousal and I want to stay in this moment forever.
"Ughhh...his throat is so tight, I'm not going to last..."
"Don't hold back," I groan out, grinding on your ass, "give that greedy throat what it needs."
I watch as our third fucks your mouth hard before shoving in and holding your head against his pubes, "Jesus...nngghhhhh!"
I feel a shudder go through your body as you struggle not to choke on his cum. Moment later, I run my hands down your back and pull your body off his cock and up against mine. You're turning to meet my mouth then, giving me a taste of your cummy reward. I groan against your tongue and lap at it, holding your face to mine. I resume fucking up into you with one arm across your chest holding you to me and the other stroking your wet aching cock.
Our third settles back against the pillows to watch us, a look of envy in his eyes.
"You did so fucking good," I whisper against your ear, needing you to know what this meant to me.
"Please can I cum?" You cry out brokenly.
I drive into your ass, seeking my own pleasure, riding the edge of release with you.
"I'm...begging...you...!!"
Each desperate word burns me and I move a hand up to cup your throat, squeezing hard enough to silence you.
The power of controlling you thrills me, pushing me closer to the edge.
I whisper, "MINE" movements before pushing us both over.