Rita - Gulf Shores
by KnightlySeducer

The Drive Home

Tony and Rita recall her first full nude exposure.

Tony and I spent another hour or so on the beach, him a little away from me as he watched strollers along the shore inspect me as I lay both on my front and back.

"We should probably get cleaned up for dinner," I suggested.

That was the extent of our talking since the nude man had applied my sunscreen and we'd both orgasmed on the beach.

We shook off our towels and shoved everything in my beach bag, which Tony offered to carry.

"You gonna put your suit on?" he asked as I stuffed my towel into the bag.

I just shrugged, taking his hand. "You?"

Hand in hand and we headed back to the resort both nude. Tony's a grower, not a show-er, but I was pleasantly surprised that he seemed to remain about half hard as we strolled along the water's edge. I don't think I'd ever seen him nude in any public way before, and I was proud to be with him. He really is a handsome guy.

We passed most of the Adults Only section and were getting back to the resort proper when he stopped and set the bag on an empty chair.

"I could look at you all day, every day, for the rest of my life and never get tired of it. How'd I end up so lucky?" he sighed.

I flushed. He's not a mushy guy, romantic to be sure, but his words were so sincere and touching that I wrapped my arms around him and pressed our bodies together. "I'm the lucky one, mister. I'm proud to be your wife, and so proud of you, all you've done, the life we've built..." I replied gazing into his eyes.

He began to grow against me. A sly smile curled my lips. I stepped back a bit and looked down, my hand trailing down to cup his scrotum. "I really like this too," I laughed, squeezing just a bit.

"I'm glad, but we probably need to put our suits on," he said turning to rifle though my bag. I'm certain I pouted as he handed me mine and stepped into his own.

"You gonna fit?" I asked mischievously as he pulled the Speedo over himself. He just gave me a look and continued to stretch the suit over his package. I pulled on my bottom, adjusting myself inside as best as I could, and then dropped my top on the bag.

"Rita," he said looking at me strangely, "we're heading into the hotel," handing me back my top.

"Damn," was all he said as I took the top in my hand and began walking past the loungers and toward the pool area. It took him about six steps to catch up and take my hand -- and we walked on together without another word. I was still on some sort of high from the events of the day and didn't want it to end.

We made it onto the pool deck where I stopped, handed Tony my top, hat, and sunglasses, then pressed the pool shower button sending a fine spray of breathtaking, chilling water over my body. I didn't think I could possibly get more turned on, but the needle fine droplets smacking into my stirred-up nipples made me giddy. I bent and twisted to wash the sand and salt from my skin, being intentionally provocative as Tony stood nearby holding our things as if this were an everyday experience.

"Excuse me, madam," a bow-tied, serious looking fellow said approaching in a huff. I pulled my hair back and wrung the excess water from it.

"Yes?" I replied, glistening in just my tiny thong bottom, half the eyes on the deck now focused on me. Tony's look was unreadable, a great poker face.

"This, ah, this area is for resort guests only. You cannot just stroll down the beach and come up here to use our facilities, most especially dressed like you are," he finished in a self-righteous tone.

"I am a guest," I said a bit over-loud, putting my hands on my hips, "and what's wrong with how I'm dressed?"

Tony produced the room keycard from my bag, waving it at the man. Any eyes that weren't on me before were looking now.

Bug-eyed, the resort employee looked around, and lowered his voice, as if informing me of something secret, "Madam," he said, "you're topless."

"But, isn't that allowed in Alabama?" I asked crossing my arms under my breasts. I don't know how Tony or I kept a straight face. I could see smiles on several of the people looking at us, and more than a few whose looks were quite approving.

"Yes, madam. On the beach. The resort has a dress code, and I am afraid we can't allow you to..., ah..." he wagged a finger at my breasts, "go about, well, undressed."

"Oh, I didn't realize," I said feigning regret and looked at Tony who tossed me my top. "I'll put this on right now," I waved the tiny piece of material at him. It took me all of a minute to tie the strings and adjust the miniscule pieces of fiber over my taut breasts.

"Better?" I asked, still with a large audience.

"You'll need a cover-up as well, if you are entering the building," he stated in a dismissive tone.

"Of course," I responded, "I wouldn't go gallivanting around inside without covering up. What do you take me for?" This seemed to confound him. He opened his mouth, considered a thought, then realized he'd been check-mated.

"Have a good evening, madam," he nodded, turned on his heels and fled as quickly as he had appeared. I took Tony's arm and we walked across the pool deck until we reached the building entrance, where I doffed my cover-up under many a watchful eye.

"What was all that?" Tony asked in seriousness as our room door closed.

I missed something in how he asked. "It's been such an amazing day, Babe, and I wanted to make you proud, to be seen with you, to show myself..." I replied, untying my top and letting it drop to the floor.

"Rita," he cut in, "flashing is..." he stopped and sat down drained on the edge of the bed.

"Tony, what's the matter," I asked coming and kneeling in front of him and taking his hands. He looked deep into me.

"I..., I guess it's just been so much. The pictures, Roberto, Thom touching you and..." he looked beat up.

"Tony, it's only you, only us. Everything is for us..." I said near tears.

"I know, Ree, I do. I know you love to do this and it's not just for me, 'cuz it turns me on," he trailed off. After a deep breath, "The pictures, imagining, seeing so vividly how you were... Rita, that you were so close, and so turned on.... Then Thom, rubbing you right there, touching you..... I know you loved it, Ree, I could see it. And goddamn it makes me so fucking hot. Is it sick, Ree, that... I don't know, is it okay?" Tony had tears in his eyes.

I laughed, tears rolling down my face as well. "Okay? What's okay?" I asked, squeezing his hands. "First, you don't make me do anything, I do it because I like it. Is that okay? I don't know, I'm sure lots and lots of folks will say a woman shouldn't flash, that her body is just for her husband. But I relish it, hon, I do. It makes me feel good. And knowing it makes you..., gets you hard and..., omigod! Tony, this is lovemaking for us. Nobody's getting hurt or used."

Tony took my chin and looked into me deeper than I can ever recall. Whispering he said, "I was on the edge, so close, watching Thom, rubbing that lotion on you, knowing he was rubbing your pussy, maybe fingering you. And when that guy, he, when he laid on you, his cock hard,....I didn't want him to fuck you, Ree, but when he laid there and pressed his cock between your cheeks, I've never seen you so erotic, your eyes rolled back and I knew you were cumming.."

"You came then," I smiled.

"Gawd yes! I didn't even touch myself, Ree."

I giggled. "Yeah, I saw. I'm not sure who came first, Babe. That really, really got me going." I glanced at his stretched Speedo.

I raised an eyebrow, "Still thinking about it, huh?"

He sighed, resigned, a knowing grin on his face.

"I don't want anyone but you, Tony. If this happens to be how we make love..." I shrugged.

Tony leaned in an gave me a passionate kiss. "Ree, we..., I think we came very close to... I have to be honest, babe, I didn't think I'd get as turned on as I did with another guy touching you, but I think that's a really dangerous place."

"Absolutely," I said nodding. "I...I won't lie, it felt... it was a very real turn on, but I knew it was playing with fire. Roberto, that was very hot," I laughed, "I can't believe I posed like that! And Thom, ohmigod...." I blushed. "Tony it... he could have slid a finger or two right in me. I was so stirred by his touch, but he never tried. He just worked at stimulating me..."

"I know, sweetheart. That's what I mean, he could have slipped into you. On the beach, the guy with the sunscreen, I could see you...if he'd moved just a bit, would have stopped him?"

"That was dumb," I admitted, tears rolling down my cheeks. "I just didn't think.., I mean, right there on the beach? I didn't think he'd... I'm so sorry, Babe," I said from my heart.

Tony gently took my breasts in his hands. "You put Thom's hands on your breasts..." he said without malice.

I nodded.

"It was so erotic, seeing you touched and aroused. But I don't think it's where we should go, not something that would be good for us as husband and wife," he continued.

There were rationalizations and excuses flying through my head; Tony had encouraged this, he had not stopped me when Thom was applying lotion, had nodded assent when the naked guy -- his cock already full -- had asked if I wanted help and knelt between my legs. We'd cum together just a while ago in the midst of this episode, on a public beach! But he was right; I didn't want anyone but Tony making love to me. The physical excitement, the rush of turning someone else on, of being wanted -- I cherished all that, I was nearly addicted to the feelings it raised in me. But I loved only this man and would give myself only to him.

I stood and tugged him to stand as well. We kissed, tears still on my cheeks, my vision still watery, but the emotion was unquenchable, unshakeable love. And lust. For this man!

I pulled the strings holding my suit bottom up, then knelt and pulled Tony's almost as small suit off of him, his erection springing up and out. I looked up, smiling, "Only you, Babe. Forever," and ran my tongue along the length of his beautiful cock, circled the glans, and took him deep into me. Moving slowly, I began to bob.

After a minute, I stood, my hands caressing his fat, hard manhood. "Get on the bed," I purred, stepping closer. He lay back, and I straddled him, my right hand wrapped around the warm, throbbing phallus of my husband. I directed him to me, just at my entrance, my wetness crying for his friction. "This, all of me, is yours. You are all I want."

Tony looked at me and opened his mouth, but I smiled and said "Shhh."

"Don't get me wrong, my love. I am still going to tease, to flash these tits you love, to show other men my body, this pussy," I said as I thrust myself downward on him, burying him fully in me. After catching my breath I went on, "I find the feeling irresistible, and I know you do too," I leaned forward, dangling my incredibly excited breasts inches from his mouth, staring into him, and began to rock my hips.

"I appreciate the exhilaration that it brings both of us, the thrill of rousing you as I delight in being seen and desired. I know," I smiled slyly, "that the men want to fuck the hell out of me," I said as I forced him all the way in again, catching myself dropping my head in ecstasy.

"That they want to suck these tits," I breathed bringing them to his lips. He licked and nibbled to our mutual delight.

Lifting myself enough to look into his eyes again, I resumed my rocking motion. "But no one has my heart, or will have me like this, but you," I leaned in and kissed Tony as if it were the first and the last time.

Twenty-five minutes later I lay next to Tony, both of us spent, relishing the warm, gooey dribble between my legs.

He chuckled almost to himself.

"What now?" I asked.

"Yesterday you were a little frantic that Roberto had pictures of you, and today, on the pool deck, you showered topless with maybe fifty phones taking shots of you."

"Stop," I said hitting his arm. "Maybe a couple people..." I began.

"Ree, there were a bunch of people with phones, a couple I am sure videoing it. And I saw at least two guys with nice cameras focused on you," he said rolling on to his side and looking down at me. He ran a finger circling my left areola, "There are a lot of photos of you now showing these pretty things," he smiled with pride.

"Mmmm," I sighed.

"And your face," he added.

I blinked.

"You handed me your hat and sunglasses, remember?" his eyes bright.

I sat upright, though both my nipples were growing hard belying my concern. "You don't think...?"

"Probably," he smirked. "let's just hope you bosses don't surf the net for porn."

"It wasn't porn," I swung at him playfully.

"Probably on the hotel video security tapes, too," he added, tweaking at my right nipple.

"Are you upset?" I asked.

"Are you?" he echoed back to me.

I sat on the bed thinking about that. "it wasn't porn. I was just showering," I said trying to sound okay with it. I'm not sure my employer would feel that way; I was topless in public.

"Either way, it's done, right?" he smiled at me.

I sighed. What had become of me?!

"I'm going to clean up, and then you're taking me to dinner. I haven't eaten since breakfast," I said popping off the bed, and walking over to the balcony. "unless you just want to order in and I could sit here," I smiled over my shoulder. I wondered that I wasn't more upset that I was probably on the net now, my nearly nude body -- and maybe nude too! -- for anyone to see. And yet, I still was suggesting to Tony that he invite another opportunity to have room service come in and find me completely naked.

Tony walked out beside me on the balcony and wrapped his arms around me. "Go clean up and put on some clothes," he smiled gripping my ass hard. "I think we've shown you off enough for today," he laughed, "maybe enough for the month!"

"You're not upset, are you?" I asked, suddenly worried again that I'd crossed a line, that I had hurt him.

"No, Babe, I'm fine. Really," he said looking deeply into my eyes.

"God, you're beautiful," he suddenly lit up, smacked my ass and added "get some clothes on before we never leave this room."

We left after breakfast the next morning, eating in the restaurant as we had for dinner. There were a few looks, like some people were trying to determine where they'd seen me before, but we'd simply focused on each other. Tony had brought a tow dolly so we could drive home together, and we left once my car was hooked up to the company truck he'd driven up to the resort. Nothing fancy -- it was a work truck -- but we got to be together for the six-hour drive home.

Our chit chat had drifted to a peaceful silence after about thirty minutes, both of us lost in our own thoughts. Mine were on whether I was going to be on the internet and how I would react if someone we knew asked about my topless escapade at the resort. There might be some pretty explicit shots of me as well, but I knew that the only ones I could positively be identified in were from the pool shower. A little smile filled me, I was amazed with myself for my daring in going completely nude, not just for the private photos with Roberto but on the beach as well. Tony had reassured me last night after dinner of how turned on he was with all that had transpired, and of his undiminished love for me.

As if reading my mind, out of the blue Tony asked, "You remember the first time you let another guy really see your angel wings?"

I blushed. I'd not mentioned that at all, but it had come up by reference. My protestation that this was the first time that I'd actually opened my legs and shown all of myself to another guy -- well, guys -- had been commented on by Tony. My only argument was that he'd been there, so I was not really showing myself, but letting myself be seen to make us both happy. I couldn't claim that with the past weekend.

"I think I was nineteen and..." I answered coyly.

"You know that's not what I mean," he said looking over at me with a smile and nudging me. "As my wife."

I reached over and grasped his erection through his shorts. "Apparently you remember," I batted my eyes, "and it's a fond memory."

"Very fond," he said, his right hand releasing the grip he had on the steering wheel, and slipping between my legs.

I sighed deeply. "Yeah, I seem to recall something," I said as Tony tried to work his hand inside the leg of my shorts.

"Uh-huh..." he said, as we both succumbed to our thoughts as we held each other.

Greg Carlson was an Air Force piiot stationed at MacDill A tall, wiry guy with a great smile who had moved in down the block from us about four years ago, along with his four-year old son who was the spitting image of him. Greg was widowed, his wife and infant daughter having died in a terrible accident just before his assignment to MacDill. Of course, all the women in the neighborhood felt we had to care for him and his son, so they seldom didn't have an invitation to dinner for Friday or Saturday nights, often with a female friend or acquaintance invited as well as we all hoped he would "find someone" and tried to help.

Not really cute, he had a rugged handsomeness and a personality that seemed to just mesh with everyone, male or female. Greg was always included in every neighborhood activity and party, including our pool parties and the girls' birthdays. After about eighteen months, he informed us that he'd gotten approval for a hardship reassignment to be closer to family.

Tony had mentioned a couple of times that Greg was quite taken with me as I apparently bore some resemblance to his deceased wife, but I didn't think anything of it. We were all friends, nothing more. Or so I thought.

A couple weeks before Greg and his son were due to leave, he and some of our other neighbors were at our place and hanging around the pool. This was about four or five years since I had rediscovered my fascination with being seen as Tony and I rekindled the fires of our sexuality with "porn date nights." I was dressing in a more revealing manner, including the occasional bikini around our friends.

Tony was at the grill, and I was over with the kids and some of the other women by the lounge chairs. I don't know what caught someone's attention, but Tony overheard Greg say to Frank, another neighbor, how hot I looked.

"Gotta agree with that," Frank answered. "I'd love to see her outta that suit."

"She's a really stunning woman. I don't think she even knows how beautiful she is." Greg seemed to sigh, as Tony heard it. "But, as I am leaving, I guess I've just going to have to live with my fantasy."

"What fantasy would that be?" Tony asked walking over to them.

The two fumbled, not sure what Tony had heard. "Uh, to be honest, I was admiring how beautiful Rita is," Greg freely admitted.

The three of them watched me moving about for a few seconds. "She certainly is," Tony added, then teased, "and out of that suit, ohmigod, I have no idea how I got so lucky." Apparently there was some nervous laughter then.

"I'll take your word for it," said Frank.

"Trust, but verify," Greg added. Then realizing how that sounded and what he'd likely really meant added, "I, uh, didn't mean anything," he stammered. "Sorry, buddy."

"No apology needed. I take that as a compliment," Tony assured him. "But I'm not sure Rita would be willing to let you, ah, verify," Tony said. Then he handed Greg another beer and said, "To our fantasies!"

They then broke up and the party went on. However, later Greg came up to Tony to apologize again.

"You know that was just bullshit, earlier, Tony, about um, seeing Rita? I mean she's gorgeous but I'd never..." he said.

"So you saying you don't want to see her out of that suit?" Tony asked with a smile on his face.

"Tony, it's been way too long for me. Since Jeannie passed...." He trailed off looking at me across the pool.

"Honest, Greg, It's a compliment. I'm sure Rita would think so too," Tony assured him. "we all have fantasies, and I'm proud to be married to one of yours. Who knows?" he tapped his bottle against the one Greg held.

"Yeah, right. Anyhow, I'm glad you're not upset. I wouldn't want to be leaving here with any hard feelings. You guys have been such great neighbors," Greg nodded back.

Tony told me about this whole exchange that night after the party as we made love. It was, I found, rather exciting and led to a bit of role-playing. We sort of talked out what it would be like, how we could do it, and ended up throwing the sheets off and doing some naughty things as if someone were watching.

The following Tuesday, I came out of the shower dressed, as usual, in only a large t-shirt, and found Tony on the love-seat reading. I strolled over and sat next to him.

"Hmm, there's nobody out there, is there?" I teased, nodding toward the door out to the pool deck.

"What if there was?" he asked almost absently.

"I'd have to be more careful, don't you think?" I asked as I lifted my shirt above my waist, my legs together.

"You're thinking about this, aren't you?" he looked at me hoping..

"It's kinda hot," I grinned. "Maybe I have fantasies too."

Tony grabbed the hem of the shirt and lifted it off of me without any problem as I willingly complied.

"Oh my," I acted surprised. "Would you really want to let someone see me completely nude?" My hard nipples proclaimed my thoughts on the subject before he even asked.

Tony scooped me into his arms and carried me to bed, laying me on top without pulling back the sheets, then he began to kiss me on my neck and nibble on my earlobes. I tugged at his briefs and quickly we were both naked. He knelt beside me and began to attend to my breasts.

"Tony, someone might see us?" I feigned concern, getting into this play.

"Uh-huh," he breathed, kneeling beside me such that if anyone were looking through the glass door lites to the deck I would be visible and unobstructed by his body. He suckled my right breast as he pulled at my left nipple.

He lifted his head and whispered to me, "He can see your amazing breasts and how hard you're getting..."

"That's okay," I laughed. "I want him to see me."

Tony's hand slipped up my leg. "Anything else I can show him?"

"I'm pretty sure he doesn't care too much about anything you can show him, he's here to see my body," I teased.

"Well, how much do you want to show him?" he asked looking up from my belly.

"Everything," I said aroused. "You want that too, don't you?"

"Gawd yes!" he stared into me and moved my legs apart.

We continued to talk, teasing and egging each other on as if there were a voyeur at our door. Tony turned me this way and that -- with my willful and enthusiastic assistance -- so that the imagined man got to see me, all of me, from various angles. We ended up making love and both falling asleep naked on top of the covers.

This scenario seemed to entice both of us, and it was repeated, perhaps a bit more rambunctiously and on the love seat, not more than eight feet from the patio door, a few nights later. Our conversation became more intense as well, with each of us telling the other what we wanted our guest to see.

The following Saturday morning as I sat in the kitchen in just my t-shirt, Tony approached me and wrapped his arms around me. "Morning, Babe," he kissed the back of my neck and wrapped an arm around under my breasts.

"Hey there, handsome," I snuggled into his embrace while trying to not spill my coffee.

He didn't come around in front of me, but stayed behind me, holding me. "You, ah..."

He has this thing where if he's unsure of broaching a topic, he asks where I can't see his face, like it's somehow easier that way. He might be working and not look up, or call me, or like now, stand behind me.

"What?" I asked.

"You seemed to really enjoy the other night," he said, taking a breast into his hand through the thin fabric, teasingly making a circle tracing my areola. "You, ah,... would you consider acting that out for real?"

I adored his touch, and dropped my head letting the kisses drizzle on the nape of my neck. "Mmmm, if you want to stand outside and watch me instead of...."

"Not me..." he whispered in my ear. A shiver ran up my spine. Or was it an electrical shock? I felt my core pulse. I'd been intentionally flashing for about five years, moving from dressing "sexier" as Tony put it, to purposely revealing clothing, and very intentionally letting first cleavage, then to my whole breast be seen, and since that had done tons of upskirts. Only about a year ago, at a bar, I'd surprised Tony and sat on a barstool without any panties on. He'd gone crazy, reveling me with how turned on it made him, and every man he says saw me. I wasn't doing splits or anything, but it was a huge step, and I craved the thrill more and more. Less and less was I wearing panties in public and I so very, very much savored the feeling I got in "accidentally" having my skirts ride up, or "forgetting" when I bent over or had to squat down for something on a lower shelf. My shopping trips had become more about seeking to be seen than buying and, of course, had involved many out of town trips to shops at least an hour away. Tony didn't seem to mind it at all.

I knew I wanted this. "You'd be okay with that?" I asked, trying to not sound as stimulated as I was as my mind ran ahead.

He answered by tugging at my puffed up nipples, and nibbling at the back of my neck.

"Who?" I moaned.

"Does it really matter?"

"No," I breathed covering his hands with mine. Our girls called just then, reminding me that we had to be leaving soon for soccer practice. Tony kissed me a final time and said he'd get the car loaded up while I went to get dressed.

Three or four times over the next few days I asked who he was thinking about, the whole time trying to imagine -- and contain my imagination! -- at the thought of this really happening. It was flashing, but at another level. Each time Tony would just smile or tell me that he thought I said I didn't care. It was wicked and maddening, keeping me distracted with the thought.

Friday night the girls were with Kim and Bobby, they were taking the kids to a drive-in and then spending the night over there. We decided to enjoy the night ourselves and went to dinner, and then did some window shopping just holding hands and talking about nothing. Just as we got home, Tony got a text.

"Hmm, Greg says he sends his love. That he'll miss us."

"What? is it tomorrow?" I asked. I knew he was leaving early to begin the drive to his new assignment, but thought it was Sunday as he'd just said "this weekend" when we saw him mid-week doing his lawn. He was such a nice guy, and I adored his young son, Ralphie. But, they'd be closer to family in the new assignment so Greg would have help when he needed it.

We walked into the house through the garage when Tony's phone buzzed again. He looked at it and chuckled.

"Now you getting jokes?" I commented. He handed me his phone.

'you n Rita have been such good friends, I will miss you. she's beautiful, youre a VERY lucky man. Guess some fantasies are just that, lol."

I read it twice and looked into Tony's eyes. I knew we had the same thought. I didn't know if this was what he had wanted with his long tease, but I wanted it.

'maybe not. R is getting into the shower now. come over and pull up a chair outside the pool deck door. We r going to watch a movie, no telling what youll see!!!' and handed the phone back to Tony.

"Hit send, if you're sure," I smiled at him. "And don't forget to kill the motion lights." I kissed him hard and went toward our master bath.

I could feel my heart pounding, heard the thundering in my eyes. While showering, I had to work to keep myself from laughing; the nervous anticipation, more than a tinge of fear, and an overwhelming craving to reveal myself -- really reveal all of myself -- combined with the crushing happiness of the foreplay Tony and I shared in my exhibitionism made my head swirl. When we'd married I could not have fathomed that I'd be showing other men my most intimate bits with my husband's encouragement and approval. Madness, beyond the pale, completely unacceptable -- and yet it worked for us, filling and enhancing an incomparable love that grew deeper each day.

This was going to be more than role-play, now a very real man, someone I knew, had dinner with often, who was, along with his son, a part of our extended family and honestly a quite dear friend would be seeing me. He'd told Tony I was a fantasy. Ready, I rolled the sliding door back and entered our bedroom in my oversize t-shirt and a pair of gauzy lace purple panties. I wanted to make this a strip tease, not just a flash. Excited, I felt as if my nipples entered the room seconds before the rest of me.

Tony smiled and patted the love seat next to him, sitting there in just a loose pair of gym shorts. We kissed and he cupped a breast tenderly. I shivered.

"Ready?" he asked. I smiled and nodded, fearing if I spoke it would be a scream of 'omigod YES!'

The TV screen lit up, the starlet wearing an indecently tight dress as she walked down a busy street. Then I saw it, in the corner of the screen, a feed from the home security system, a little screen within the larger one. It was one of those negative looking things, shot with an infrared camera at night -- a man in a chair just outside our bedroom door. I took Tony's hand and squeezed tight, a wave rolling through my core, my panties already damp.

The plot was non-existent, as were most. Soon I had my shirt up and Tony had an arm around me, tweaking a nipple as my hand snaked into his shorts. My shirt was on the floor, his shorts off. He sucked each breast in turn, working hard to not obscure Greg's view. I watched the screen, not for the film, but for the shadowy view in the corner. I was laying back,one foot on the floor, Tony's hands rubbing me through my panties as I toyed with my aching breasts, alternately smiling and cringing in pleasure.

I pushed Tony away. I stood and slowly twirled, then as if facing away from Tony to tease his, I lowered my panties and presented Greg my bush. I stopped, fascinated as I realized I was seeing his image -- and he was stroking himself. I turned back to Tony, fire in my eyes, and knelt, my back end to the door, and engulfed his stiff cock in my mouth.

Tony caressed my cheek, bringing me off of him. "Sit," he patted the loveseat. I rose and sat as he slid to the floor and opened my legs wide simply staring at that which he displayed so blatantly to our guest. On the screen, Tony had clicked something and now the little box filled the whole screen. Greg was almost touching the door, slid forward on the chair, and his hand worked the cock I could not make out as I wished I could.

Tony lapped at me, then teased, repeatedly tickling my labia and clit, sucking and tugging at my delicate wings, then sitting back and holding my folds open. I watched the screen, delighting in the sight of Greg seeing me so utterly bared. I put two fingers into myself and brought them out to Tony's mouth. We repeated variations on this, both of us growing more enthralled.

I grabbed the sheet we kept folded on the arm of the love-seat and flipped it out on the floor in front of the TV, - and close to the door. "Fuck me," I pushed Tony on his back, his feet almost touching the door, and climbed on top, taking his engorged cock and guiding it home, rhythmically rising and falling. My head spun, I was on ablaze with desire as I rode Tony, knowing Greg could see my labia embracing his cock and him plunging into me, curling up and then unfurling my angel wings as I rose up again.

My head bowed, hair across my face as I pistoned Tony as deep and hard as I could, squeezing him with my feminine channel when he was buried in me. It seemed to last and last.

"Look," he moaned, pulling hard at my nipples. I turned, struggling to focus on the screen. Greg had a hand on the door frame, his legs pumping involuntarily -- his other hand a blur as he reached his peak. His head fell and he jerked. I screamed, trying to pull even more of Tony into me as an overpowering, magnificent wave rolled through my being, my face contorted in frenzied ecstasy, and felt Tony thrust emptying himself in me.

"No!" I slapped my hand on his chest as he rested.

"More," I growled.

He began to undulate and a series of cataclysmic explosions discharged in my core and sent tidal waves of bliss to every part of my being. When at last I drifted back to Earth, I found myself collapsed on Tony, my breath ragged and feeling like I'd run two back-to-back marathons.

He lifted my head gently and pushed the hair back from my face, focusing on my eyes. "My God, I love you," he said and tenderly kissed me.

I crawled off of him and grabbed a pillow from the seat and pulled it to the ground. I clicked off the TV and lay next to him on my back holding his hand, knees up. For a full minute, maybe more, I opened my legs as wide as I could, just a couple feet from the glass door, my husband's thick fluid seeping out of my sated femininity. Then I curled up next to this man I adored and loved more than life. We slept in each other's embrace right there.

I don't know how long each of us were lost in our memories as we drove on. I relived that first intimate exposure, and pondered the last two days, the ease, comfort, and satisfaction I felt. Tony and I were more than good; we really were madly in love.

"Ralphie must be about ten now," I said absently, recalling the fullness of our relationship with Greg.

'Yeah, I guess. I think I'll drop Greg a text and see how they're doing," he answered.

I smiled at Tony and leaned against his shoulder as we cruised toward home.
