Wired For Sound - Bill's House Part III

  Bill phones me the day after I had been sent to spy his wonderful 
  13-year-old daughter. He was eager to hear how I had got on. I told him about 
  how I'd found his daughter going through his penthouse magazine, comparing herself 
  to the girls in the magazines. I went on further to describe how she tried on 
  some of her mother's dresses. I pointed out to him that she seemed very unhappy 
  with her tan lines. Bill came round to my place the next night to view naked 
  pictures of his daughter. I left him to wank off to the sight of his daughters 
  beautiful, untanned breasts.

  We talked later about further opportunities, but we kept hitting 
  the barrier called Margaret, Bill's wife. Bill left with copies of the pictures 
  and the videotape. A week or two passed and Bill and I had a few more chats. 
  And then the most glorious news came through. Bill phoned late one night to 
  tell me that Margaret's mother had passed away. She was heading up to stay with 
  her sister in Iowa for two weeks to help sort out her mother's affairs. We had 
  two weeks wife-free. I started making plans immediately. I had already stockpiled 
  several wireless surveillance cameras, as well as other necessary materials. 
  Bill got me a set of keys cut for his place and we met at his house at lunchtime. 
  I started in the lounge, setting up two hidden cameras. It took a while to set 
  up power supplies such that they wouldn't be noticed. I set further cameras 
  up in Cathy's room, Bill's room, the study, the bathroom and the guest bedroom. 
  We set up three controllers and VCR's in the wardrobe in the guest bedroom. 
  It took so long to set everything up that Cathy was about to come home from 
  school and we were only half done. I told Bill to go pick her up and to take 
  her the movies or something. It took another three hours to finish setting everything 
  up. I hadn't managed to set up video cameras out at the pool yet. I needed to 
  wait to get some outdoor surveillance cameras. The house was now infested with 
  invisible eyes. Every bookshelf sported a fake book and several ornaments now 
  features eyes. The only real problem was the bathroom. I'd have to come back 
  and fit a two-way mirror. But the temporary cameras would do. 

  The next thing was to drastically increase Bill's hidden 'cache' 
  of porno. I added several naturist videos featuring teen girls. Also naturist 
  magazines, Playboy videos, lap-dancing videos, stripping videos and some female 
  masturbation videos. This all got stuck in the same drawer that had the Penthouse 
  magazine. My phone rang and I hightailed it out of the house, as that was the 
  signal that Bill and Cathy were on their way back. I pulled out of the driveway 
  and waited a few blocks away. I returned an hour later. Cathy opened the door 
  and helped me carry my bags in. As she showed me to the guestroom I couldn't 
  help but stare at her wonderful behind. Bill had told her that I was coming 
  to stay for a while, while my place was being renovated. She was in a very bubbly 
  mood. All the new attention she was receiving from her father must really be 
  invigorating her. After I'd been settled in we all sat in the lounge chatting 
  away madly. Well Cathy did most of the talking, she seemed quite excited to 
  have her father's undivided attention and she didn't mind my attention either. 
  We had supper and Bill phoned Margaret. It was past ten o'clock and it was Cathy's 
  bedtime. Cathy went to bath and Bill and I went to the guest bedroom to watch 
  the show. 

  There were two cameras set up in the bathroom. One was just 
  above the toilet looking at where she'd undress, the other looked directly at 
  the bath. She was in and already had her top off and her bra followed shortly. 
  Her perfect tits bounced out and my heart jumped into my throat. She bent down 
  and pulled her denims off, followed shortly by her panties. Her back was towards 
  the camera, but we didn't mind as we got a wonderful view of her bare teenage 
  ass. She climbed into the bath and we switched to the second camera. As she 
  climb in we saw a wonderful view of Cathy full frontal. Her tan lines were still 
  evident. My dick was as hard as a rock and it was hurting terribly. I stood 
  up and told Bill that I'd go observe from outside her window. Bill looked very 
  relieved. I popped into the study to blow my load into a handkerchief. I then 
  collected myself and headed into Cathy's room and made sure that there was a 
  crack in her curtains. I had taken too much time though, as I walked out of 
  Cathy's room the bathroom door opened. There was Cathy in just her pink towel, 
  holding her denims over her right arm. She looked a little embarrassed as the 
  towel was only being held loosely, a little bit of untanned skin around her 
  breasts were showing. 

  I plucked up my courage and pointed to the patch of white flesh 
  showing and remarked on her tan lines. She went bright red. I then said that 
  I hoped she would get some good tanning weather over the weekend. She smiled 
  and then slipped into her bedroom. Just as she turned to close her door I was 
  given a little flash of her arse. I wasn't sure whether it was intentional, 
  I raced into the bathroom where I sat on the toilet and wanked off again. 

  After a long soak in the tub, I sat down in the study for a 
  quiet chat with Bill. He was so invigorated. We made plans for the next two 
  weeks, which would hopefully result in seeing a load more naked young teen girls. 
  The next day was Friday and we would get Cathy to invite a load of her friends 
  over for the weekend. 

  I went to bed and replayed that night's images from the bathroom 
  and Cathy's bedroom. I watched her sink her delightful body into the bathtub. 
  I saw a flash of pink in-between her pubic hair as she was getting in. She sat 
  in the tub facing the camera washing herself. The bathwater was clear, so I 
  could see her love box. She started cleaning her legs, moving on to her stomach 
  and then onto her breasts. I just stared slack jawed, I watched her get up and 
  towel herself off. She left the bathroom and I loaded the bedroom tape. I heard 
  myself talking to her and goading her about her tan lines. She then emerged 
  and closed the door. She dropped her towel and stood red-faced in front of her 
  mirror. She stood rubbing her tan lines. She then stood in front of the mirror 
  with her arms folded for about five minutes just staring. She finally did her 
  hair and pulled on panties and a nightshirt. I turned on the live bedroom image 
  and went to sleep watching the face of an angel gently sleeping. 