 
I am sharing one of my sexual experiences. It was April and the 
vacations had already started. My wife had gone to my in-laws place 
alongwith my daughter. My parents had also gone to native place to attend a 
marriage. I was alone at home. Even two of our other neighbours had gone 
to their native places. Only the Marwari jeweller family staying next 
door had not gone. Surprisingly, the two brothers and their wives had 
stayed back. The marawari family was a strange one. The elder brother was 
a obese family with a huge girth but his wife was a sexy lady with 
wheatish complexion. They had two children. The younger brother who was 
recently married was a short and dark man whose wife was very beautiful 
with a milky complexion. Both the couples were mismatched.
 
One day at 8.10 a.m., there was a knock at my door. I was preparing 
to go in for a bath and was only wrapped in my towel. I opened the door 
and saw that it was the elder marwari lady, her name is Sushma. I was 
emabarrased to see her. I was in minimum of clothes. She also got bit 
embarrased by my condition. But she came in and asked me to give idli 
utensils. I went to the kitchen and climbed the kitchen platform to take 
out the idli utensils from the rack. Sushma Bhabhi had also come in to 
the kitchen. When I was stretching to remove the utensils, to mu shock 
my towel gave way and fell down. I was shocked. I was standing utterly 
nude before Sushma bhabhi. Sushma bhabhi also looked shocked and there 
was a blush on her face and she immediately covered her eyes and 
immediately picked up the towel and gave it to me. I wrapped it around and 
gave her the utensils. When she was leaving, I called her "Sushma bhabhi, 
aj jo hua yeh kisise mat kahiyega, please". She said " Ji nahi, koi 
baat nahi, apne jaan bhuj kar thodi giraya tha.". But I was surprised when 
she further said " Main aapse ek baat kahoon, aapki body bahut sexy 
hai". Saying this she closed the door and left.I was dumbstruck with her 
words. But then I ignored them and had my bath and went to the office.
 
The next day at 8.15 a.m., I heard a knock at my door and it was 
Sushma again who had come to return my utensils. But I was properly 
dressed today. She came in, went to the kitchen and kept the utensil. She 
came out and told me that she wanted to speak to me about her personal 
problems. I told her to sit down. She was hesitant to speak but I told her 
to be free to speak to me. Then she told me about her problems. She 
told that " Aap to jaante hain mere pati kitne mote aur bhari hai. Mujhe 
unse koi sharirik sukh nahi milta. Kal jab aapko dekha to mere dil mein 
hulchul mach gayi hai." But I said " Lekin main aapki kya madath kar 
sakta hoon". She told " Kal jab se aapko dekha hai mai aapke baare mein 
hi soch rahi hoon. Agar aap meri sharirik bukh mita de to main aapki 
abhari rahoongi". I said " Lekin aapki devrani ko to pata chal jaayega". 
She said. " Woh mari majboori jaanti hai. Woh mere bachpan ki saheli 
hai, woh mera saath degi."
 
I thought for a moment. I was afraid to indulge in these sexcapades 
in the house. But she got up an came close to me and enbraced me. Then 
she palced her hand on my cotch and said "Jyada sochiye nahi. Meri pyaas 
buja dijiye". Then she gave me a kiss on the lips. I couldsn't hold 
myself back.I also embraced her tightly. My prick was hard in the shorts. 
And she was slowly massaging from the top. Soon she pulled my shorts 
down and took my penis out. She removed my shorts and undies and my 
t-shirt quickly. I could see that she was desperate for sex. I started 
caressing her boobs from outside her blouse. She started moaning. She said 
let us go to the bedroom. I went to the bedroom and put all the 
curtains. She in the meanwhile had removed her saree, blouse and petticoat. She 
was only wearing a black bra and black panties. She had a slim figure, 
not so great but quite attractive. I caught hold of her and pulled 
towards me and gave her a deep kiss. I kissed her for a long time and 
opened her bra hook and removed her bra. Her boobs were exquisite shaped. 
Small but rounded with black nipples. I tweaked her nipples in my 
fingers and she cried out in pleasure " uuuhhhh..ahhh, haan aise hi, jor se, 
ooi maa". Slowly I started massaging her boobs fiercely and she was out 
of control with pleasure. She was yelling "Ji haan, jor jor se dabaiye, 
bahut majaa aa raha hai." I kept on massaging and kneading her boobs. 
She led my hand towards her panties and I removed her panties. When I 
kept my hand on her pussy she gave a cry" oooh maa, ooh maa". Her cunt 
was fully wet and was oozing her cunt juices. I started fingering her 
clitoris and she started grinding her hips to my fingers rhythm.
 
I picked her up and laid her down on the bed. I immediately inserted 
two fingers in her hot-wet cunt and soon she started grinding her cunt 
on my fingers and she reached a noisy climax. I could see that she was 
a very sexy lady who had not been given a good sex experience by her 
husband. She started kissing me fervently all over the body. She licked 
my nipples and was nustling her nose in my hairy chest. She said " aap 
to bahut sexy hai. Sache mard hai. Aapke chaati ke baal mujhe bahut uksa 
rahein hai". Soon she reached my penis and to my utter surprise she 
took the whole length of my prick in her mouth. She started givimg me a 
vigorous blow-job. I was soon moaning. She was bobbing her mouth on the 
entire length of my cock and twirling my balls in her hands. It was 
exquisite. I was arching my hips to meet her rhythm and soon I came in her 
mouth and she gulped my entire cum. She said" Aaj zindagi mein pehli 
baar aisa lag raha hai ki mai kisi mard ke saath hoon." I said " why, 
your husband does not satisfy you. She answered " Nahin, unke wajan ke 
karan, woh mujh par chad nahin sakte. Main hi unke upar chad kar lund 
andar dal ke chudwati hoon. Par usme mujhe kuch jyada anand nahin aata". 
 
I then held her down and spread her legs. Her sexy black cunt was 
inviting me to put my prick deep into her. I placed my prick on her cunt 
lips and rubbed her labia and vulva from outside. Her cunt was dripping 
her cunt juices. I had no difficulty in gaining entry. I gave a firm 
push and my penis was inside her cunt to the hilt. She immediately 
wrapped her legs to my waist and started bucking her hips. I started a slow 
rolling fucking motion without removing the penis. She was moaning with 
pleasure and guttural sounds were coming from her. Her eyes were 
closed. I kissed her on the lips and began a slow fuck. I slowly increased my 
speed and soon we were fucking at a feverish pace. She was giving good 
company to my shots. She was bucking her hips to meet each of my deep 
thrusts. She was screaming ""Ji haan aise hi chodiya. Aaapka lund to 
jaadugar hai. Kya kmal ka chodte hain aap. Mere pati ko aapse training 
leni chahiye. Jor se. haan jor se uuuh. Oooi maa, meri choot fat jaayegi 
legin fat jaane dijiye. Aaj barson ke baad mujhe ek lund ka ssokh mila 
hai." She was shoiuting"jor se jor se...kariye na, jor se dhaka lagayiye. 
Haan aise hi. Mariye jor sae mariye, chodiye mujhe. Haan meri choot 
aapke lund ke phatke sah legi.". I ignored her screaming and kept up with 
my pace. Soon I realised I was going to cum . I cupped her buttocks in 
my hands and started fucking her fast. Soon I arched my back and shot 
my load into her cunt. She was also climaxing. She screamed "Ooooi maa, 
main mar gayi. Yeh kya ho raha hai. Aaoi maa. Aaaaah aaaaaah 
uuuuuuuuhhhh, maaaaaaaaaaa". We held on to each other. Her cunt was dripping my 
cum juices and her own juices. We lay there for quite some time. She 
then got up, kissed my penis and went to the bathroom to clean herself. 
 
I was relaxing on the bed. She came and kissed me and told me " Aaj 
zindgai mein pahli baar pata chala ki chodna kise kehte hain." I said " 
Aap apni devrani ko kya kehengi." She said "use pata hai main aapke 
paas chudwane aayi hoon. Woh meri rajdar hai". Then I said " To aap apni 
devrani ki choot ka bhi hamein majaa dilwayiye" She said" Koshish 
karoongi.who abhi nayi dulhan hai. Uska pati acha chudakkad hai. Meine unko 
chupke chodte dekha hai. Lekin main aapke liye ussse baat karoongi" Then 
she wore her saree and left.
 
Later we enjoyed daily sex for two weeks till my parents came back. I 
also fucked her devrani. But about that later
 had shared my earlier sexperience in the name of Marwari Jewels 
with you on this site. If you have forgotten it, it is reproduced below 
for your enjoyment once again .....
 
Now readers, I wish to continue my experience about fucking Sushma 
Bhabhi's devrani with you. My vacations were going fabulously. I was 
enjoying my daily fuck sessions with Sushma bhabhi. We tried new ways of 
fucking and she was a willing partner. She was having the time of her 
life. She had never been fucked in this manner before. She was very happy. 
One day I once again brought up the topic about her devrani Panna. She 
told me that she had talked to Panna but she was very reluctant 
eventhough she had given good and positive reports of our solid fucking. She 
said Panna was afraid. I told Sushma that she will have to convince her 
devrani to come to me. She left that day with the promise that tomorrow 
she would positively bring her devrani in the morning at any cost.
 
Next day, I saw both the brothers leaving for their jewellry shop at 
8.00 a.m. in the morning. Sushma then took her two children to 
play-school and came back. After ten minutes there was a knock on the door. It 
was Sushma bhabhi. She came in and said " Maine Panna ko taiyyar kiya 
hai. Aaj aap ko meri laaj rakhni hai. Aap use itni achhi tarah chodiye 
ki who baar baar aap se chudwane ke liye bekarar ho jaaye, jaise main 
bekarar rehti hoon". I told her " Meri jaan, tum use bejo to sahi, main 
aaj usko itne pyaar se chodunga ki woh mere lund ki deewani ho jaayegi". 
Sushma took my lund out of my shorts and gave it a kiss and reluctantly 
left it and went away. After five minutes there was a knock. I opened 
it and there was Panna dressed in a pink saree standing before me. She 
was nervous and quickly came inside.
 
I was dressed only in my shorts. She was staring on my naked body. I 
caught her hand and pulled her towards myself. She crashed into my 
chest and I pinned her to my chest. She was not very tall, her face and 
lips were on my hairy chest. I took her to the bedroom and made her sit on 
my bed. I had drawn all the curtains. She was fidgeting with her saree. 
I sat next to her and told her " Bahut dari hui ho. Kya main aapko 
pasand nahin". She said " Nahin aisi baat nahin. Main pehli baar kisi gair 
mard ke saat baithi hoon". I then told her to relax and took her face 
in both my palms and kissed her on her luscious lips. She was the 
epitome of beauty. A classic Indian face, pure milky white skin, good 
complexion, luscious lips, dove eyes, her breasts were full and buxom - 36C 
Size, I think, but she was short, little plump byt in a sexy way. She had 
a voluptuousness to her. I couldn't control myself and started removing 
her saree, blouse in one go. I removed her saree-blouse within seconds 
and lo and behold she was wearing a pink bra and panty. Her milky white 
flawless skin was exquisite, a tajmahal beauty. I roamed my hands over 
her body and put my lips in her cleavage. She let out a low moan. I 
unhooked her bra and slid her panty down. Her chooth was covered in silken 
black hairs. I parted the hairs and placed my fingers on her cunt. It 
was burning hot. Her juices were already flowing. I embraced her tightly 
and placed her hand on my rigid penis. She just held it. I asked her " 
Panna, abhi bhi tum daar rahi ho. Mere lund ko achhi tarah se pakdo aur 
sehlao". She said " Mujhe nahin pata, maine yeh kabhi nahi kiya".
 
She then told me that her husband used to only open her blouse and 
lift her petticoat and caressed her for some time and then would mount 
and fuck her. She however confessed that he was good and used to fuck her 
a long time and she had reached orgasms many times. I told her that I 
would teach her every nuance of fucking if she co-operated with me. I 
then asked her to remove my shorts, which she did. My lund sprang out. 
She shouted "Oui maa, aapka lund kitna pyaara hai. Maare pati ko laudo to 
kitno kalo aur gando se hai. Isiliye jab ek baar unhone mujhe lund 
mooh mein lene kaha to maine mana kar diya". I said that my if my lund was 
good she can take it in her mouth. She took it in her mouth but did not 
know what to do. I then taught her to suck and lick my lund. Soon she 
was expertly sucking my lund under my guidance. I taught her to tickle 
my balls with her free hands. Soon I felt I was approaching my orgasm so 
I removed my lund from her mouth. My lund was fully covered with her 
saliva and glistening. I kissed her on her lips and I could taste my 
lund.
 
I put my hands on her beautiful balls, her pinkish nipples were erect. 
I tweaked them in my forefingers and she screamed out. I applied more 
pressure on her nipples and started massaging her boobs with my palms in 
a rotating motion. She fell down on the bed and I collapsed besides 
her. I kept my lips on her lips and while kissing her continued vigorous 
massage of her boobs. I slowly crept my hand down. Fingering her navel 
button on the way to her bushy cunt. I played with her pubic hairs 
tugging at them and she let out a moan. I opened her thighs and placed my 
fingers on her chooth. I opened her labia and caressed her vulva from 
outside. Soon her hand guided me to her clitoris. I put my thumb to her 
clitoris and flicked it. She was ecstatic, shouting " 
Ooouuuuuiiiiiiiii..mmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnn, mmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
......mmmmaaaaaiiiiiiiii, mmmmmmmmmaaaaaarrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ggggggggaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiii 
rrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeee". I increased my rotating movement on her 
clitoris and she started lifting her hips and grinding her cunt on my hand". 
Soon as I stepped up my pace and she too increased her speed. And her 
orgasm flooded through with her cream. I was rewarded with her honey 
juice which I kneeled down near her chooth and licked clean. 
 
I then allowed no respite I mounted her and inserted my lund into her 
just orgasmed cunt. She let out another moan. She was not ready for 
this immediate assault. I pushed my lund deep into her chooth slowly. I 
reached the end of her chooth and I was upto my balls into her chooth. I 
started the grinding motion, rolling my hips and at the same time 
thrusting in small strokes. She immediately wrapped her legs to my waist and 
started bucking her hips. I continued my slow rolling fucking motion 
without removing the penis. She was moaning with pleasure and guttural 
sounds were coming from her. Her eyes were closed. . I also immediately 
inserted two fingers in her hot-wet cunt along with my lund and placed 
them on her clitoris. She went berserk with pleasure. I kissed her on 
the lips, rolling her tongue and began a slow fuck. I then took one of 
her nipples in my mouth and slowly increased my fucking speed. Soon I was 
fucking at a feverish pace. She was giving good company to my shots. 
She was bucking her hips to meet each of my deep thrusts.
 
I then in a flash removed my lund out of her chooth. There was 
surprise written all over her face. I got down from the bed and pulled her 
legs to the edge of the bed. I lifted her legs and kept them on my 
shoulders and below her cunt was on the edge of the bed open and inviting. I 
put my iron-hot lund on her chooth and again lowered it into her 
chooth. I then started ramming her cunt in big strong strokes. I had held her 
legs tightly. I held her thighs in my grip and was fucking her in 
ruthless strokes. My lund was ramming her cunt like a piston. I could see 
her chooth was contracting and opening to receive my lund. But when I 
placed my palms on her boobs and massaged her nipples, she lost control. 
She started thrusting her cunt upwards to my each stroke shouting " 
Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh....aaaaaahhhh...oooooohhhhhhh...uuuuuunnnnngg chodiye mujhe, 
phad daaliye meri chooth ko, aaj mujhe pata chala chudai kise kehte 
hain.... Aaj tak to mera pati jo chod raha tha who to bachhon ka khel tha. 
Asli mard ki chudai to yeh hai. Sushma theek kehthi thi aap achha chodte 
hai. Main bhi ab aap se roj chudwane 
aaaoooongiiiiiiii......aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh.....ooooaaaa..aaa 
mmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii..mmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrr 
ggggggggggggggggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee'. She reached a 
rapturous orgasm and pulled me over her and held me tightly. I also climaxed 
with all the shouting and emptied my load into her oven hot chooth. I 
kept my slowly receding lund in her chooth for a long time. She was 
holding me tightly as if she did not want me to go away. After a long time 
when we returned to consciousness, I removed my wet lund from her 
chooth. Her chooth gushed out our divine semen honey. She grabbed my lund 
and showered it with thousand of kisses and licked it dry. 
 
She got up and embraced me tightly and said " Kash aap hi mere pati 
hote. Chodna kya hota hai yeh main aaj samjhi hoon. Sushma bhabhi ko bhi 
aapko chodne deti. Teeno saath milkar choda-chodhi ka maja lete". I 
said " Panna, mujhe bhi tumhe chodne mein bahut maja aaya. Tumhari unchudi 
chooth kafi tight hai aur aadmi ko tight chooth chodne mein bahut maja 
aata hai". We then fucked each other once more, I even fucked her 
gaand, her husband had never fucked her in her gaand. It was quiet new for 
her and she liked it. 
  
She then cleaned herself, wore her saree and went away. I was lying 
naked on my bed when there was a knock on the door. I saw from the 
eye-glass that it was Sushma, so I opened the door naked. She came in and 
when she saw me naked she blushed. I caught hold of her and kissed her and 
thanked her for giving me the taste of her devrani's chooth. She held 
my lund in her hand, kissed it, took it in her mouth, but to her 
disappointment my lund did not respond. It was completely drained out. I told 
her that I would repay her with a solid fucking the next day and 
lifting her saree sucked her chooth which was oozing her honey. Soon she 
left. 
 
I will next recount my further encounters with Sushma, her devrani 
Panna and their other marwari friends. I am a rich man with all the 
Marwari jewels falling in my lap and wanting my million dollar lund.
 
