This is a work of fiction containing sexually explicit material.  If you are under 18 or offended by such material, do not continue.  This story may be freely reposted as long as no changes are made, the author's name is included, and this notice is intact.

Kara's First Time

by Jedi Knight



Kara Kinsey pushed through the swinging door into the senior girl's locker room to be greeted by the noisy chatter of the varsity cheerleading squad--her squad.  It had been a hell of an exciting week for her, and her adrenaline was running high.

She mentally chided herself for feeling so good.  After all, if Sally Pruitt hadn't broken her leg during practice two days before, she would still be just one of the girls.  Sally had been captain of the varsity squad for two years and was an able leader.  When she broke her leg, Kara had been voted the new captain by unanimous vote.  She hoped she could do as good a job, but wasn't overly worried.  They had all been together for two years, and were as well-oiled as any team could be.

Kara was tall for a cheerleader--a full head taller than anyone else on the squad.  She was a remarkably beautiful girl with a lean hourglass figure that showed a flat hard stomach; muscles that moved like coiled serpents under her skin; a 34C bust that rode high and firm on her chest; and waist length black hair that glistened like a crow's wing made her the envy of every girl in the school--and the target of every lustful male within a 50 mile radius.  Kara knew she was beautiful but wasn't at all vain about it.  Her parents, themselves extremely attractive, had raised her to believe that her beauty was a gift from God, so she shouldn't be prideful as many other girls were.

The locker room was long, over one hundred feet from the inner door to the back wall, and ran along the side of the gym next door.  It was divided down the middle, with two rows of lockers facing each other across a row of benches in one half, with the other half containing a large communal shower at one end, and bathroom stalls at the other.  Two breaks in the center partition allowed easy access to the shower side from anywhere along the locker area.

All the girls on the squad used a group of lockers at the end farthest from the door, so Kara was able to watch them as she walked down the aisle.  The 11 other girls were prancing around in various states of undress ranging from a T-shirt over panties and bra for the more modest ones to the two exhibitionists in the group who strutted around fully nude.  Seated on a high stool against the far wall was her coach, Jerri Evans, who watched the antics of the squad as if she were a lounging lioness watching a group of playful cubs.  Miss Evans was almost as gorgeous as Kara, but in a blond Nordic way, and at 23, she was in her first year as girls varsity track and field coach, and advisor to the varsity cheerleading squad.  Kara always got a little flutter in the pit of her stomach the first time she saw Miss Evans each day, but always assumed it was because she was not only their coach, but a friend and confidant as well.

Kara, though, had a secret that nobody on the squad knew about.  She was obsessed with sex, and it was because of cheerleading!  She had discovered the wonders of self pleasure near the end of the last school year, when her mother ruined the top to her uniform.  The cheerleading costumes consisted of a short, bouncy pleated skirt with alternating red and white satin panels, and a sleeveless one piece leotard top that snapped in the crotch.  Just hours before a game, her mother had left the top in the dryer too long and the heat had ruined it.  They had driven all over town frantically looking for a replacement, but could only find one that was about a half size too small.  Kara could still get into it, but it was very tight, especially in the crotch.  Her mother assured her that she would find her one of the correct size, but this one would have to do for that game.  Little did she know how that smaller top would change her life forever.

Kara smiled to herself as she waved to her friends and dropped her heavy bag onto the bench in front of her locker.  'If they only knew,' she thought with a grin, 'they'd think I'm some kind of pervert or something.'  That only added to the thrill for her though.

She saw Miss Evans raised her arm and tap the watch on her wrist, looking right at her to signal that it was getting late and to hurry up and get dressed.  Kara quickly began stripping off her street clothes as the coach walked up the aisle and out of the locker room.  Ten minutes later, the squad of a dozen pretty girls in tight fitting uniforms ran out of the locker room to inflame the dreams of dozens of young studs for days after the game.

It was a hard fought game, and a crucial one for the team.  So far, they had been undefeated, and because it was the Homecoming game school pride was on the line.  Their cross town rivals, however, were favored by two touchdowns, so the tension from the home crowd was palpable.  By the end of regulation time, the score was tied at 17, and both sides had lost players to minor injuries in the trench fighting that was passing for high school football.  Then, with only seconds left in the overtime period, Todd James caught an interception on his own 10 and ran it back 90 yards for a TD.  The crowd, the cheerleaders, and even the local reporters, let out a roar of jubilation that left them all hoarse and exhausted.  All, that is, except Kara.

Kara was exhilirated, and as turned on as she had ever been before.  For almost two hours she had been leading cheers, jumping, and turning cartwheels to energize the team and the crowd, while every movement had tugged the snap area of her leotard deep between the lips of her pussy and against her clitoris.  By halftime, her pussy was getting sloppy wet and her nipples were as stiff and distended as they had ever been. The only thing that kept that fact from being obvious was that the top was so tight it forced them down into her breast, though it would've been difficult to see them in any case because of the color of the top and the light that reflected off the satiny surface.  By the end of the game, the crotch of her leotard was completely soaked in front up to the waistband of her skirt, and halfway up the cleft of her ass cheeks in the back.  At that point she was so highly aroused that even walking made her nipples and clitoris throb and ache, and it felt as if they were connected by wires that sent little bolts of electricity through them at almost every step.  She was forced to lag behind the others as they returned to the locker room for fear of collapsing from a self induced orgasm.

Fortunately, the other girls had already stripped and hit the showers by the time she got to her locker.  She pulled her skirt down, the elastic waistband leaving streaks of wetness on her hips as it stretched over them.  Dumping the skirt into her bag, she gingerly sat on the edge of the bench and slowly removed each show and sock, her pussy throbbing with each movement.  She reached down between her spread thighs and unsnapped the crotch of her leotard, and then the lights exploded in her head.  The sudden release of pressure on her swollen lips and clitoris allowed the blood to rush back into those parts, causing a hot prickling sensation that pushed her over the edge into orgasm.  Her hips jerked forward involuntarily and she plopped down onto the floor between the bench and the locker, her knees deeply bent and her legs widely spread.  The cold tile caused her to gasp, but only enhanced the pleasure of her come.  Without thinking, she stuffed three fingers of her left hand into her pussy and pressed the heel of her hand hard against her clit, massaging and penetrating at the same time as hard as she could, trying to make it last as long as possible.
Completely lost in her pleasure, she heard moans and little cries of pleasure but didn't realize it her own voice making them.  

A sudden burst of laughter coming from the shower area jerked her back to reality and she was stunned at how close she'd come to being caught 'jerking off' by the others.  She shakily stood up and peeled off her sports bra and was wrapping a towel around herself just as the others bounced back into the locker area from the shower.  Cries of "slowpoke" came good naturedly from several of the girls, but Kara just waved over her shoulder as she went into the shower area, relieved to find it empty.

She removed her towel and threw it over a hook near the doorway and went back into the far corner of the stall where the walls formed a tight V shape.  Two showerheads could be utilized that way for surround showering.  This stall also had smaller nozzles down about waist level that provided for a full body massage between upper and lower in that one corner.  It was the one that all the girls fought over when more than one was in there.  Kara turned on the taps top and bottom and adjusted the temperature to just hot enough to soothe.  The lower left nozzle seemed to be broken, though, and wouldn't put out the needle like spray of the others.  Instead, only half a dozen streams of water came out of the middle of it under what seemed to be full pressure.  As she stuck her hand into the stream, it had enough pressure to try to push her hand away, so she backed off the valve until the flow was more comfortable.  Satisfied with the settings, she slowly eased under the sprays with a sigh of pleasure.  For several minutes she just stood there letting the hot water take away any tension and ease the stiffness in her muscles.

Turning from side to side, she exposed her lower abdomen to the pencil like streams of water from the lower nozzle, and almost collapsed as it scored a direct hit on her clitoris.  The heat and pressure stoked her inner fire up to white hot in an instant, and she gasped and grabbed the fixtures as her knees turned to rubber.  Suddenly it dawned on her why the other girls always argued about who got to use this corner setup first.  Turning down the pressure still more, she turned back into the stream, and adjusted it until it was beating like a tiny drum against her clitoris.  It was gentle, yet constant, and insistent, and Kara found herself having a difficult time standing up under the pulsating of the water, but couldn't bear to turn away because the pleasure was just too intense to stop.

As a result of her turning inward to savor the intense pleasure of the shower, and because of the hissing of the four shower heads, she was totally unaware that another person had stepped into the doorway of the stall.  Jerri Evans stood there almost in shock at what was obviously a very private, very intense session of masturbation by her new captain of cheerleaders.  Jerri usually waited until after the girls had left before taking her shower since the facilities in the girls locker room were far superior to the tiny box of a shower in her office bathroom.  Jerri said a silent little prayer of thanks at finding Kara alone like this, however.  She had noticed the 'something' in the back of Kara's eyes each time she saw her at the beginning of the day, and unlike Kara, was pretty sure she knew what it signified.  Never one to hesitate, she decided it was time to find out if her guess was right, even at the potential risk of ruining her career.

She tossed her towel aside and slowly walked up to Kara, who had her back toward the doorway, her arms clutching the water fixtures above her head and her legs spread almost obscenely to catch the maximum effectiveness of the lower nozzle against her pussy.  Her hips twitched involuntarily from side to side and from front to back, in no particular rythm, totally driven by the vagaries of the spray.  Jerri could hear Kara moaning and her sudden gasps of breath as the water did its work.  She stopped just inches behind Kara, but the girl still didn't realize anyone was there.

Just as she was about to speak, Kara went over the edge, her arms clutching desperately at the piping to keep from falling, a low wail of ecstacy welling up from deep inside.  Jerri couldn't take it any longer, and stepped across that final abyss of inches.  She put her right arm around Kara's chest and grabbed onto her left nipple, while her left arm went around the side of Kara's hip, cupping her pussy and plunging her middle finger deep inside Kara's spasming pussy.  Her breasts plastered tightly against Kara's back and her own loins pressed hotly against Kara's ass.  She began kissing Kara's neck and at the same time worked the nipple between her fingers and plunged her finger in and out of Kara's white hot box.

At first, Kara was too far gone in her second orgasm of the night to realize what was happening.  By the time she did realize someone was touching her in the most intimate possible way, she didn't care, because Jerri's touch was sending her in a long slow swan dive off that wonderful cliff of orgasm once again.  She finally lost her battle to keep upright and slumped back against Jerri, jerking and gasping through the most intense come so far.  Jerri, herself aroused to a fever pitch, took the girl's weight and together they sank to the floor of the shower stall, where she cradled Kara's in her lap, back to her front, and caressed her body softly as Kara came out of her semi stupor of orgasm.  Kara finally looked up as saw Jerri's smiling face, and said softly "oh... I'm so glad it was you.  I never realized till now why I always had butterflies in my stomach when I saw you..."  She turned to face Jerri sideways, still cradled in her arms, and pulled her head down so that she could kiss her luscious lips.  With a deep moan, Kara plunged her tongue as deeply into Jerri's throat as she could reach, and Jerri returned the favor.

Jerri pulled away after several minutes of intense tongueing, gasping for air.  "I have to taste you.  I've wanted to eat that beautiful pussy of yours since the first time I saw you taking a shower."  She lifted her left leg up and swung it sideways, letting Kara sink to her back on the warm tile, then threw her leg over Kara's head.  She was facing Kara's feet, running her hand down Kara's inner thigh.  Kara didn't even hesitate, letting her legs fall to the side as widely as possible, giving Jerri complete access to her most private area.  Jerri didn't hesitate and buried her face in Kara's hot, sopping wet pussy.  Her lips fastened on Kara's clit, suckling briefly before she plunged her tongue deeply into the delicious pussy before her.  Too turned on to be gentle, she assaulted Kara, alternately sucking on her labia, plunging her tongue in and out, and nipping at her clit with her teeth as she plunged three fingers in and out of her pussy.

Kara shrieked and bucked her hips hard against the tile floor, the cheeks of her ass making a wet, slapping sound as she moved.  Jerri could feel her head between her thighs thrashing back and forth, her long wet hair whipping from side to side, stinging the back of Jerri's thighs and the bottom of her cleft.  Kara screamed, the sound tailing off into silence as she came again and again, thrashing her hips so violently that Jerri had to physically hold her down to maintain contact.  Kara finally gave a final convulsive shudder and collapsed, gasping for air, muttering "oh god, oh god" over and over and over.

Jerri raised up and swung around until her knees were on either side of Kara's face, her platinum blond bush tickling the end of Kara's nose.  "Don't pass out on me now, darling, I need to come so bad."  Kara's eyes fluttered open and registered on the sight before her just as Jerri lowered her dripping pussy onto Kara's mouth.  Kara's taste buds exploded with the flavor of Jerri's inner core.  She reached up with both arms and wrapped them around the top of Jerri's thighs, pinning her onto her face.  She plunged her tongue so deeply into her hot depths that it felt as if it was being torn out for an instant, then proceeded to give Jerri a tongue lashing that surpassed anything the woman had ever experienced before.  As Jerri approached her orgasm, her ass began to thrash about, but Kara tightened her grip so fiercely that Jerri couldn't move at all.  She couldn't have escaped Kara's death grip on her pussy if she'd wanted to.  She began to quiver violently, her muscles tensing and untensing spastically.  Kara knew she was on the edge and clamped her mouth on Jerri's clit, applying raw suction and at the same time batting the clit like a punching bag with her tongue.  Jerri gave a sharp, high pitched scream and pitched forward, her breasts slamming into the tile floor with a wet slap.  Her pussy was pulsing with contractions, drenching Kara's suctioning mouth with a flood of feminine juices until they ran down the sides of Kara's face onto the wet floor.

The two lay there gasping for air, the only sound other than their labored breathing the hiss of the now cooling shower, which enveloped them in a silky calming mist.

*****

Kara graduated later that year with honors, getting a scholarship at a nearby state university.  Both her and Jerri were too skittish about getting caught to make love again during the remainder of that year, but when Kara went away to school, she would visit every other weekend, which they spent making love in Jerri's motel.  After graduating, Kara and Jerri moved to another city several hundred miles away, where they lived together as lovers for several years until Jerri developed an incurable cancer and passed away.  Though Kara took a long time to get over Jerri's loss, she always fondly remembered that first tryst on the shower room floor with great tenderness. 

   