                                    Getting Pregnant
                                     By Lust 4 Life

I had been living with my boyfriend Darrel for 4 years when we decided to get me 
pregnant. This is the story. MF, preg.

Intro

My boyfriend, Darrel, and I had been living together for 4 years. Wed met through some 
friends, gone out a few times, started having sex, and eventually moved in together. We 
enjoyed being together, but had never felt a desire to get married. However, I was getting 
to the point that the old biological clock was starting to tick rather loudly, and Darrel was 
interested in having kids, at some point. After a few months of discussion, we decided 
that yes, we were ready for the responsibility of children, and that we should go ahead 
and get me pregnant.

Whoa! That was a heavy thought! All my life I had been raised with the idea that nice 
girls didnt spread their legs until they were married, and they definitely didnt have 
children without being married. Of course Darrel & I had been fucking like rabbits for the 
past 4+ years (& I had been having sex for several year before Darrel), but in todays 
world that really wasnt too far over the line, in fact it was probably the norm. But getting 
pregnant, even without the societal values, thats a big step. Thats a commitment for the 
rest of your life, and a big one for the next 20 years. Was I really ready to let this man 
make me pregnant, make my belly swell up with a new life that I would have to care for, 
for the next 20 years? It was a big step, but yes, I thought I was. And the fact that my 
pussy was getting wet thinking about it told me my body was definitely ready!

Since I used a diaphragm for birth control, going off birth control was easy. We waited 
until I was half way through my cycle, hopefully at the peak of fertility. We didnt have 
sex for about 4 days leading up to this, to build up Darrels sperm count and to add to the 
excitement when we started to do it for real. We spent those four days working each other 
into a frenzy. Id grope his crotch and ask if was saving up a big load for me, or if he had 
our baby in there. Hed pat my belly and tell me how he was going to pump me full of his 
sperm and make me swell up with our kid.

Finally, the day arrived. We had decided to take the day off and make love all day, pump 
as much sperm into my fertile womb as possible. We got up, had breakfast in our robes, 
and then headed to the bedroom. I got out my diaphragm, and placed it on the bedside 
table where we both could see it, a visible reminder that there would be nothing between 
his throbbing cock and my fertile womb. At the thought, I could feel the wetness starting 
to grow in my pussy as my body started to prepare itself in anticipation. Finally I dropped 
my robe, lay back on the bed, legs spread, rubbing my pussy, and said to Darrel, Come 
on stud. Im ready for you. Knock me up with that big cock of yours.

Darrel dropped his robe and crawled onto the bed, his cock already at half mast. We 
kissed passionately, tongues slipping into each others mouths as our hands explored each 
others body. His hands (as always) sent shivers through my body and I could feel my 
cunt growing wetter. Yes, my body was definitely ready to play the mating game! I 
started to lick my way down his chest, enjoying his masculine scent and taste, the 
tautness of his muscles. I reached his pubic hair, and looking at his cock, now standing 
erect, with his balls tight in their sack, ready for action, This is it. These are the balls that 
are making the sperm thats going to make me pregnant. This is the cock thats going to 
nestle up against my cervix and shoot his sperm into my womb.

I looked at the slit from which his baby juice would soon be pumping into me, and 
reaching out my tongue, flicked it across the slit. Then I lowered my head, wrapping my 
lips around the head, swirling my tongue around it as I reached beneath his legs and ran 
my fingers gently over his balls the way I knew he loved. Lifting my head I moved to the 
side and ran my tongue up the length of his shaft, massaging the sensitive underside 
before dropping my head back down over the top. I slowly lowered my head, relaxing my 
throat muscles as I felt his smooth hardness sliding further into my throat until my 
nostrils were buried in his pubic hair. By now Darrel was moaning. I felt his hands 
massaging my breasts, causing still more juice to flow in my pussy. Lifting my head 
again, I moved down and gently licked his balls, nibbling them lightly with my lips. At 
the same time, his hand wandered down to my ass and then to my now sopping pussy. 
His finger slid in making me gasp and squirm at the delicious feeling. Now I moved up 
and pressed my breasts around his cock, feeling his balls against my abdomen. The 
feeling of his magnificent hardness throbbing hotly between my breasts was intense as he 
continued to work his finger inside me. I moved back down and noticed a bead of pre-
cum oozing from his slit. Oh-h, is this for me? I asked.

With that I lay back again, rubbing my pussy and looking at Darrel with my best come 
fuck me look. I wiggled my hips as he crawled up between my legs, his cock sticking 
out waving from side to side in eager anticipation. Reaching out I stroked it gently, then 
grabbed it and leading it to my flowing cunt, I brought it into contact sending spasms up 
my vagina. I rubbed the head gently up and down, lubricating it with my juices, parting 
my lips. Here I am I thought, the female in heat, ready to be mated. Then he was 
sliding his shaft into me, stretching me. He slid in easily, with little resistance I was so 
wet. My juices were flowing out and down my ass on to the bed. Biology is a wet and 
messy business I thought. And then I felt his pubic bone grind against mine, his balls 
pushing up against my ass. His chest mashed against my breasts stimulating them as I felt 
him flexing inside me.

Im taking him bareback, mating for real. His cock is already leaking live sperm for the 
first time into my unprotected pussy I thought. We were playing sperm roulette with my 
womb  he would soon be unleashing millions of sperm, each with a slightly different 
genetic instruction set, to find my waiting egg. Come on lover, do it. Fuck me, fuck me 
good. I want to be ridden to completion and feel your sperm shooting into me. With that 
he withdrew and started a slow thrusting, fucking me for real for the first time. My body 
was on fire, I thrust up against him to meet his strokes. I could see his shaft, glistening 
with the juices of my excitement pulling out and then sinking back into my hungry body. 
As he rode me his cock pulled the skin over my clit, stimulating me, as he thrust in. The 
sensation of his cock stretching me, filling me was terrific, and at the end of each inward 
thrust, the feel of his pubic bone grinding against mine made me ache for the next stroke. 
My pussy was clenching around his cock, massaging it as I moaned, Ah yes. Yes! Oh 
more, give it to me. Gradually his pace picked up, his cock driving into my sopping 
pussy like a well oiled piston. The squelching sound of his cock fucking my pussy and 
the slapping sound of our bellies as we played the mating game filled the room.

I could feel the sensations building in my pussy, the approaching orgasm. My legs were 
spread wide to allow him the deepest penetration. He was driving into me now with 
abandon, intent on his own pleasure and his steady thrusting became my world. I was 
concentrating on the feeling between my legs of his penis driving into my vagina. In the 
back of my mind the ever present reality that this wasnt just pleasure, this was the real 
deal, I had a males cock in my unprotected pussy and was going to take his sperm into 
my body. I thrust back up at my mate, my lover, trying to increase the sensations as I 
neared orgasm. Im sure the sensation of an unprotected, receptive woman in heat trying 
to drive herself to ecstasy on his cock was a powerful turn-on for Darrel as well. Come 
on! Faster! More! Keep going! Give it to me! Oh, Oh, Im gonna cum, do it, do it to me! 
I cried. And then the sensations washed over me. I could feel my body thrashing on his 
cock as fireworks went off in my head and electricity coursed through my body. My 
pussy went wild, gushing fluid and spasming on his cock, urging him to join me in 
orgasm and flood my channel with his cum.

Slowly the sensations lessened, but only a bit. I was on a high plateau, eager to stay there 
and the only way was for that magnificent cock to keep driving into the heart of my 
womanhood. Darrel was sweating now, driving into me with a fever. I could feel his body 
tensing, he was moaning and I knew he was getting close. Oh come on lover. Fuck me. 
Fuck me good. Give it to me. I want to feel you shooting in me. Let it go. Let me feel 
your sperm shooting in me. Knock me up baby. I moaned looking into his eyes. This is 
it I thought. He is already leaking his sperm inside me. Soon he is going to spray his 
seed in me.

I could feel another orgasm building in my vagina. I needed to feel him thrusting inside 
me making me ready to cum and spread my legs so he could get as deep as possible. I 
could feel the head of his magnificent penis banging against my cervix as he neared the 
moment. His cock was flying in and out of me, squelching lewdly, his body was starting 
to shake and he started grunting. I felt his cock start swelling in that familiar pre-cum 
expansion. I knew he was just a few strokes from shooting his load in me, from 
inseminating me. Then I felt him lunge hard against me, pressing his cock head right up 
against the entrance of my womb and I felt it swell and suddenly pulse as he started to 
ejaculate inside me, spewing his essence in me. I wrapped my legs around him and held 
him tight as I felt him pulsing and throbbing deep inside me. I could feel the warmth of 
his semen, fresh from his balls filling me, filling my unprotected and fertile womb. And 
another, deeper orgasm washed over me. I came, and I became. My being centered on the 
act of creation taking place deep in my body. Finally, we began to relax. I still felt his 
cock twitch in me occasionally, and I reached under and massaged his balls, saying, 
Give me every drop. Empty those balls in me. Finally he softened and slipped out. I 
could feel his deposit all squishy inside me.

We rested for a while and snacked to regain our energy. Soon I was anxious for more. I 
rolled over and kissed him with a long, deep kiss while my breasts rubbed against his 
chest. I left no doubt what was on my mind  I was horny and I wanted to mate. I wanted 
another load of his sperm in my pussy.

That day Darrel fucked me and poured his semen into me 4 times. We fucked twice a day 
for the next several days. That was 5 months ago. My belly is swelling up nicely now.

