Cheerleader Jenna
by Daring Burlinski

“Wow, Miss Burlinski, it was, like, really cool of you to help us out with our cheerleading routine!”

Suzie Meyers was the captain of the squad, and she greeted me with a broad smile as I entered the high school gymnasium.

“Let me just get changed,” I answered the teenager, “and I will be ready for you girls.”

They directed me to the ladies locker room. Once inside, I stripped off my casual clothes and pulled on the special cheerleader uniform they provided for me. It wasn’t the one I had worn back when I was a student, of course. At twenty-five years old, that was a while ago, and I had filled out with a curvy womanly form since then. It was a little silly to be wearing this outfit, but I guess the girls seemed excited about it. If it helped them increase their enthusiasm, then it would be worth it. That was the key… they needed to put a lot more energy and spirit into their cheers.

The red and white sweater was a little too tight, and only came down so far. My belly button was completely exposed. The red pleated skirt reached to just the middle of my tanned thighs. At first I was nervous, but then I giggled. This getup did make me feel a little naughty!

“Hey, you look like one of us now!” one of the cheerleaders called out as I returned to the gym.

I blushed at the remark, thinking I might be able to pass as a peer of these young ladies. They were also checking out my body, and I imagined them wondering about what was underneath. Females can be so critical of each other, you know, but I only saw gleams of approval in their eager eyes.

“OK, then,” I cleared my throat and tried to establish my authority. “I suggest we get started with your basic formation.”

As Suzie passed by on her way to the center of the court, she playfully slapped my skirt-covered ass! “Thanks again for doing this, Miss Burliski…”

“Oh, um, it’s my pleasure!” I stammered. “I have fond memories of this school, and happy to do anything to help out, and beat our rival!”

“Anything?” a brunette girl in the back of the line asked mischievously.

She kind of reminded me of a younger version of myself. “Yeah, I guess. I really want to help the team win.”

“Yes, but you said ANYTHING,” the slim teenager persisted.

“Well, I…” my face turned red as I squirmed a little, standing in front of these cheerleaders.

“So would you, I don’t know, maybe streak the football game?”

“What!” I exclaimed, and uncomfortably plucked at my skimpy uniform.

Another girl chimed in, “Yeah, like a distraction, and then we can score the winning touchdown!”

Now all the girls started laughing out loud, and I had to chuckle myself. It was a silly idea, and they were just playing around. Still, the thought did get me kind of excited. I turned around to try to compose myself. Much to my embarrassment, I could tell my nipples were starting to poke out and make indentations in the sweater.

“All right, that’s enough fooling around,” Suzie said, taking charge as the captain. “Let’s see what Miss Burlinski can show us!”

Oh the words these girls used, and their double meanings! I know she meant what I could teach them, or different routines and combinations that I could show them. But I found being the center of attention among a dozen high-school girls had a certain affect on me. Thankfully the girls were soon lining up and going through their standard cheers, so I could see what needed improvement.

As the late morning continued, I was feeling more relaxed and getting into the whole thing. When the girls asked me to demonstrate some of my suggested moves, I found myself bouncing around the gym and doing all sorts of daring maneuvers. They really appreciated my efforts, and I could see some of the more advanced cheerleaders catching on quick. I was having a great time, and I could tell they were going to be red hot thanks to my help!

At noon, we decided to call it a day, since it was the weekend and I had other things to take care of. But when I headed off to the locker room, the squad decided they were going to stay out in the gym a little longer to practice the new cheers I had taught them. So I entered the changing room, wondering if I should use this opportunity for a quick shower.

I was just about to start getting undressed, when suddenly three girls approached me. They were about seventeen or eighteen-years-old, but they were not members of the cheerleading squad. In fact, I didn’t think they went to this school.

“So you’re the ringer they’ve been talking about?” one with ginger-colored hair snapped her gum at me.

“Ringer? What are you talking about?” I asked, confused. “I’m not going to be part of the team… I’m just showing them some stuff.”
A blonde girl stepped behind me and flipped the back of my sort cheerleading skirt. “I’ll bet you are!”

“I mean, honestly! A woman of your age running around in an outfit like that,” The other teenager with long black hair teased me. “What are you trying to prove?”

I blushed under their scrutiny, and I did feel a little foolish. “I’m… I’m not trying to prove anything.”

Suddenly, two of the girls grabbed me by my arms, each one gripping me above the elbow. The black-haired teen pushed me in the back to get my feet moving. I didn’t think to call out for help or anything. Truthfully, I was too startled to put up much of a struggle.

There was an exit in the back of the locker room that opened up outside the school. It was through this door that these young ladies took me. I looked between the two girls on either side of me, but they only smiled smugly. They squeezed my arm, making sure my footsteps moved in time with theirs. In no time at all, we were outside the school building, hurrying across the parking lot in front of the athletic fields.

“Get her into the van,” the blonde girl said indicating the large vehicle sitting before us.

I felt like the school mascot being kidnapped! What kind of cheerleading rivalry prank was this? I mean, so what if I was helping the students of my former high school. But apparently these girls took great exception to me being involved at all. They kept teasing me, and pinched my butt a few times as they slid open the side panel door and shoved me inside. The girl with ginger-colored hair shut the door behind the other two, and then went around to hop in the driver's seat.

It was pretty bare, the interior of the van. A couple of padded benches lined both sides, while I was left to sit on the shaggy carpeted floor. I looked around unsure of what would happen next, and crossed my legs.

“Introductions,” the black-haired teen said as we started rolling out of the parking lot. “My name is Melissa. That is Christiana is behind the wheel, and this is Barbie...”

I looked over at the bubble-gum chewing blonde and almost laughed. Thinking this all might be a big misunderstanding, I smiled and said, “My name is Jenna...”

“Yes, we know who you are,” Barbie snapped at me. “We heard you can be quite Daring. Didn't you graduate, like, ten years ago?”

Melissa frowned at her friend and corrected, “She doesn't look 28 to me. In fact, in that outfit, I would have thought she only graduated high school last year!”

“Um, thank you,” I mumbled, blushing and not sure of what to say.

“The point is,” Melissa continued, “You've returned to help your school's pathetic cheerleaders, and we think that's unfair. So now, you're going to help our team get motivated!”

As the girls laughed, I said in disbelief, “But I don't want to help our rival cheerleaders!”

“Well you won't have much choice,” Barbie informed me. “Your ours now!”

“Get your clothes off,” Melissa instructed me.

“What?” I couldn't believe my ears. These high school girls had gotten me into their van, and now they expected me to strip? “What for...”

Barbie knelt down on the floor and started to run her fingers up my leg. “It's, like, all part of the plan, Jenna. Now we could tie you up and gag you, and cut off your little cheerleader uniform...”

“All right, I get it. You want to humiliate me,” I tried to sound brave even as I nervously undid the buttons on my cheerleader top.

The girls just grinned at me. I was a little amazed at how easily I complied with the demand. I suppose I had been anxious to get out of these clothes anyway. And the things the girls had been discussing with me earlier in the day did have me feeling loose and daring. I supposed taking a ride in the back of a van in just my underwear would not be so bad.

But as soon as I had the sweater completely off and discarded, Melissa said, “Remove your bra, too.”

“Why!” I asked, blushing at the thought.

Barbie only laughed, “Yeah, like, show us your tits!”

Greatly embarrassed, still, I didn't feel like I could put up a fight. I was trapped. Sitting straight up with my back against the upholstered front seat, I shyly reached around to unclasp the hook on my flimsy bra. When the straps fell off my shoulders, I simply tossed the delicate undergarment at the two girls, and then placed my hands in my lap. I was bare-chested and my nipples were sticking straight out!

“Christiana, do you have the air-conditioning on high back here?” Melissa called out to her friend. “Someone looks pretty chilly!”

“Well, she's going to get even more chilly,” Barbie laughed. “Skirt next, Jenna!”

I had just started to lift up my hands to cover my breasts and hide my erect nipples, but now I found that would need my fingers to undo the button and zipper on the remainder of my outfit. For a moment I pleaded with my captors, only to have them smile wickedly at me. I lowered my eyes and concentrated on popping open the button. As soon as I pulled down the small zipper, Barbie reached out and whipped the fabric right off my body! I was left sitting there in my little red panties. First I tried to cover my crotch, then I just raised my arms and crossed them over my boobs.

“Nice undies!” Melissa pointed and laughed.

“OK, so you've had your fun,” I replied. “Now I think you had better take me back to the school...”

“Oh, we will,” Barbie said as she slid herself up against the passenger side front seat, right next to me.

The blonde teenager casually placed her hand on my bare stomach, and started to trace circles around my navel. I was breathless. It tickled at first, but also felt really good! She let her fingers wander, until they came into contact with my panties. Playfully, she tugged the elastic away from my skin and snapped it back against my body. And then she actually slid her hand inside the front of the red silky material!

“Hmmm,” the girl commented. “I think it's time to see Jenna's bush!”

“Oh my,” I gasped as Barbie removed her hand, but not before she had teased her fingers through my pubic hair.

Melissa watched as I shivered and blushed, then said, “You heard her, Jenna... take them off!”

“But... But,” I stammered, “then you'll see me naked!”

“That's the idea,” the black-haired temptress answered. “So unless you want Barb here to remove them with her teeth...”

“All right, all right, I'll do it!” I whined, and straightened myself to a kneeling position.

The truth was, I was getting pretty aroused, and I didn't want these girls to find out just how much this was turning me on. I shifted my body so that my back was to the girls, and I was facing the driver's headrest. I noticed Christiana glanced in the rearview mirror and winked at me. Slowly, I hooked my thumbs in the sides of my panties and peeled them down my hips and thighs. By the time they reached my knees on the carpeted floor, the girls whistled at the sight of my round and curvy, fully naked behind on display. My cheeks turning bright red, I actually stood up o I could let the fabric fall gently to my feet. One by one, I lifted my legs and stepped out of my underwear. I was left wearing nothing but a pair of sneakers and socks.

They told me to face forward again, and I reluctantly did so with my hands clutching my body. I mean I had one arm hugging tight against my boobs, and with the other, placed a palm over my bush. The rival cheerleaders had me nude and vulnerable, and I wasn't sure what might happen next.

Melissa gathered up my clothes, the uniform and bra and panties, and started moving toward the back of the van. I figured she was going to put them somewhere for safekeeping. Instead, with the bundle cradled in one arm, she popped open the lock on the back doors, and swung one of them open!

“Hey!” I called out, even crawling forward a few steps on my hands and knees.

But I was helpless to watch as Melissa tossed all my clothes out of the van! They tumbled to the street and scattered, and as I reached the edge of the cargo space, I saw for the first time that we were driving down a residential street. We weren't going very fast, so with the one door still hanging open, it was easy enough for the girls to stand steadily on their feet. The two cheerleaders took me by the wrists, and slowly brought me to a standing position as well.

“Oncoming traffic!” Christiana called from the driver's seat.

With that cue, Melissa and Barbie spun me around, so that my butt was practically hanging out of the van, They held onto me tight, and of course I didn't want to fall out, so I stood as still as I could. Then on the other side of the road, coming in the opposite direction, a car rolled past us on the left. As the driver of that car checked his mirror, my bare ass was on display, mooning him the whole time! There was a honk of appreciation, and the two younger girls laughed.

“All right, ladies, we're almost home...” our driver, Christiana, announced.

“Home?” I squealed as Barbie pinched my nipples and pulled me further inside the van.

Melissa closed the rear door again, and then explained, “Well, it will be your new home so to speak. We certainly think you will give us a home field advantage!”

I really had no idea what they were talking about. Pouting in frustration, I sat my bottom on one of the side seats, and rubbed my poor titties. Concentrating on my surroundings, I could feel the van make a turn and then start slowing down. I realized now that with my clothes gone, I pretty much had to do whatever they said. But I wondered just how far they would go with this little game.

When the van came to a complete stop, the ignition was turned off, and I heard Christi open her door and hop out. A few moments passed, my heart beating faster. My legs were crossed, and in a nervous habit, I was bobbing one foot up and down furiously. I was so anxious and excited at the same time! And then the panel door slid all the way open, and the girls began to disembark from the passenger side.

“Come on, Jenna, what are you waiting for?” dark-haired Melissa teased.

I shyly stuck my head outside, and saw that we were in a parking lot. “Please don't make me get out... I'm totally naked!”

“Well that's your fault,” Barbie said in an accusing tone of voice. “It serves you right, a grown woman dressing up in a high school cheerleader's outfit! You were showing off your tits and ass in that uniform, so now you're going to show it all, without it!”

Holding my bare breasts with one arm, I hesitantly gave the blonde teenager my other hand so she could help me out onto the pavement, I was glad at least for my sneakers as I stepped onto the blacktop. But my pussy was exposed completely and I know all their eyes were fixed on my trim black bush. I tried to get my bearings as the door was shut behind me and locked. Here I was naked, in a strange parking lot with three students from our rival high school! Finally when Barbie let go of my hand, I was able to regain some modestly by placing my palm over my crotch. And then I turned around to see a large building...

“Oh my gosh!” I cried. “This is your high school! I shouldn't be here... not like this!”

I was so embarrassed! I never thought I would be on our rival school's property in my birthday suit. I blushed all over, thinking about those kids seeing me exposed like this. But of course, it was a weekend, so it seemed no one else was around. The girls started walking toward the building. I looked over my bare shoulder, back toward the locked van. I even thought about running away. But then I figured, maybe if I played along with them, they would take me safely back to my school where I could get dressed again.

Calling out for my captors to wait up, I started jogging behind them. Although my firm breasts were held snugly in my one arm, I know my butt jiggled with my motions. Three teenage cheerleaders turned around to laugh at me.

“Follow us, then, cutie!” Melissa waggled her finger as she headed up the steps toward the front doors.

For the first time, I noticed that Christiana had a bulky black tote bag slung over her shoulder. Nervously I asked, “You mean we’re going in there?”

“Yeah, the school is open for the janitors to clean on the weekend,” blonde Barbie stated the obvious. “If you’re lucky, they are the only ones here, and maybe they won’t see you.”

“Maybe…” Christiana chuckled and made her way into the lobby.

So with hands clasped over my pussy, I entered the high school of these devious girls. I was constantly looking all around, my brunette ponytail swishing as I swung my head left and right. The place truly did seem deserted. I hoped that the custodians were busy on the higher levels. But then again, I had no idea where I was being taken!

We turned around a corner and began walking down the hall. The rubber bottom of my sneakers squeaked as I shuffled along the polished tile floors. This only served to heighten my awareness of my nudity, since my sneakers were the only items I was wearing! At the seem time, the idea of being in this totally unfamiliar setting, the high school of our cross-town rivals no less, had me very excited. Unfortunately, this meant my nipples were rock hard and practically sticking straight up.

Before long, I realized I was being led further away from the corridors that had classrooms, and entering an entirely different wing of the building. But the further we moved away from the entrance and where the girls had parked their van, the more anxious I was growing. Finally, we stopped before the huge double doors of what appeared to be their gym.

Melissa ushered me inside, and I kind of snuck in a bit hesitantly at first. I mean, I wasn’t sure if I should expect the bleachers to be packed with students, and me on display! Amazingly, that thought had me both blushing and squeezing my breasts at the same time. The gym, however, was empty. I wandered around, almost in a daze, taking in the strange sight of their sports teams’ championship flags. I was in enemy territory now, and I even lowered my arms submissively as I turned around, lost amid this unreal situation.

“Listen up,” the dark-haired girl said approaching me. “There’s a couple of things we would like you to do for us, and you had best behave if you expect a ride back to your school!”

I then saw that Christiana was unpacking her bag, pulling out what appeared to be a collapsible stand… like a tripod! She then took out a video camera, and I watched as she checked the components and mounted it on the stand.

Swallowing a lump of fear, I asked Melissa, “What… what is it you expect me to do?”

“Well this is all part of a larger plan,” the teenager chuckled. “But for starters, Jenna, you can jog a lap around the gym.”

The red light on the camera went on, and I knew they were all waiting to see what I would do. I guess a quick run around the gym didn’t seem too bad. But the fact that they were capturing it on tape was horribly embarrassing.

“Isn’t there some other way?” I started to protest…

SMACK!

Melissa palm came down on my naked ass, causing to jump a little and squeal. So finally I began bouncing forward on the toes of my sneakers, gathering up moderate speed. I pumped my arms of course as I ran along one side of the gym, which left my bare breasts heaving up and down. My ponytail streamed out behind me, rising and falling against the back of my neck. As I started to work up a sweat, I felt a bead of perspiration trickle down my stomach, but also another kind of wetness between my legs.

I made the full course, and returned to these rival cheerleaders a bit winded, but not out of breath. Hearing the persistent whirl of the video camera, I self-consciously slung an arm across my boobs and covered my crotch.

“What next?” Barbie asked eagerly, clapping her hands. “Oh, I know … nude jumping jacks!”

My eyes went wide in shock, although maybe part of me had once fantasized about doing calisthenics back in school, totally naked.

“Come on, Jenna,” Melissa urged, “Do you think you can give us twenty? Let’s see how good of shape you are really in.”

Christiana made a comment that she liked the shape of my body. Blushing, all I could do was close my eyes and mentally prepare myself, as I lowered my arms to my sides. Poised on the tips of my sneakers, I made a small leap in the air and spread my legs apart. At the same time, I lifted my arms and touched my hands when they were above my head. I bounced back to the hardwood floor of the high school gymnasium, then repeated the motions.

Completely exposed, my tits jiggled uncontrollably, in a symmetrical up and down circular pattern. As I continued to open and close my legs with each jump, I was afraid that my labia were hanging down, and even my clitoris might be poking out. This was so humiliating! The girls remained silent; the only sounds seemed to be the running video recorder and the squeak of my shoes rubbing off the floor.

When I hit twenty (yes, I was counting in my head to keep my mind off of my nudity) I stopped and let my arms dangle at my sides. Strands of my brown hair had come loose, and I know my body was flushed. Christina bent down behind the camera and took something else out of her black tote bag. It looked like it was some kind of long, plastic object with a base that had suction cups to stick to the floor. This, she fixed to the ground and then Melissa pointed at me.

“Now we would like you to squat down over there and ride that thing… you’re going to have a huge orgasm!”

Well, out of curiosity, I took a couple of steps and crouched down, even running my hand along the length of the clear rubber shaft. It was pretty tempting, but I really didn’t want to pleasure myself in front of these girls. Especially on a sex toy, in the gym of our rival high school!

Still, I knew I didn’t have much choice here, but I pleaded, “Please… isn’t there something else I could do?”

The girls huddled together for a moment, and then Melissa asked if I would rather let Barbie give me a spanking. My body tingled at the thought, and I said, yes I would. But after these cheerleaders made me stand up again, Christina hopped back behind the camera, and I was told to really ask the blonde teenager to give me a spanking.

“Please…” I started, and I could picture the camera zooming in on my full pouting lips. “I really want you to spank me, Barbie!”

The blonde teenager let the request linger for a minute, so I asked again, making it sound like I was desperate for her to paddle my bare bottom. Then she told me to turn around, and get down on my hands and knees.

I immediately did as I was instructed, my butt sticking up in the air and my pussy lips visible from behind. Barbie calmly walked over to my side and knelt down, staying just out of camera shot, I imagined. She did pause to place her hand on my lower back, which felt nice. And then she glided a finger up the crack of my ass…

“Ooooh,” I let out a moan.

SMACK!

Just like that, the teen’s hand fell across my bare cheek. A few more quick swats and now my butt was really jiggling. I also felt that warm, naughty feeling growing between my legs even as she continued to spank me in front of the camera. The sensation of her palm striking my naked skin was electric, and if she kept this up, I knew I was going to cum!

“Mmmmph!” I tried not to scream as my body quivered and finally shook with an orgasm.

“Oh my, you bad, bad girl!” Barbie teased, emphasizing each word with one more slap of her hand. “First you try to help those nasty cheerleader friends of yours, and now you have an orgasm in our high school gym!”

“Looks like we got what we wanted after all,” Melissa noted.

“That’s a wrap!” Christiana added, saying how she closed on a tight shot of my reddened behind and puckered anus.

The rival cheerleaders then gave me a moment to slump to the floor and let me recover, the hard polished wood cool against my overheated skin. After a few minutes, they actually gave me a hand, to lift me to my feet. When I started to regain my senses, I also tried to preserve some modesty and clasped my hands over my wet pussy.

“Now here is the plan,” Melissa started while the ginger-haired teen packed up her gear. “We are now in possession of a very entertaining tape. One, which I don’t think you would want many people to see.”

I gasped, raising a hand to my mouth, realizing I had just been set up. “But, why?”

“Well, Jenna, we needed something pretty powerful to make you do what we are going to ask you.” The dark-haired teenager explained. “This is about school rivalry and creating a psychological advantage over own cross-town opponents. Next weekend we have a football scrimmage game against your team. It’s not official, but we really want to beat your school.”

“So how do I fit into all of this?” I was truly puzzled. “Do you want me to stop working with our cheerleaders? OK, I promise, just don’t release that tape…”

Barbie snuck up behind me and slowly rubbed my glowing ass. “Oh no, Jenna, we want you to cheer. But we want you to cheer for our side!”

“Never!” I cried, clenching my fists at my sides.

Melissa stepped forward, and flicked my now exposed nipples. “Oh, but you will. And there’s one more catch… for every touchdown that our team scores… you will remove a piece of your uniform!”

“What? You want me to strip in front of everyone?” I asked in disbelief.

“We don’t know how many points our guys will score.” Christiana said, patting her tote bag. “But if you don’t cooperate, then the whole team will see this video!”

“So are you motivated?” Melissa traced her finger between my breasts, down my stomach and made a circle around my belly button.

Defeated, trapped, I could only nod yes, and then hang my head in shame.

Barbie grabbed two handfuls of my butt cheeks and squeezed, adding, “Then I know our boys will be motivated, too!”

At that point, I was still stunned, still dazed by all that had happened. I followed the girls out of the gym, as we made our way back through the school. Part of me remained on alert, for any stray janitors who might be sweeping the hallways. But I was also preoccupied with this new situation I found myself in. How would I explain this to the cheerleaders from my school?

I had time to think about this as we left the building, and I cautiously stepped into the parking lot while holding my hands over my pubic mound. We piled into the van again, and headed down the road, toward my former high school. At least it seemed these girls were going to hold their end of the bargain and return me to the safety of my clothes. I had no doubt they would follow through with their threat, if I failed to cooperate. All this made me chew my fingernails nervously, one leg crossed over the other, as we continued through the streets of town.

They dumped me unceremoniously out in the school’s rear parking lot, practically kicking me out of the vehicle. The teenagers drove off out of sight, leaving me to hurry to the back door to the locker rooms. Fortunately, the doors weren’t locked. I figured it had been a couple of hours since I had been abducted.

I jogged naked between the benches, quickly finding the spot where I had left my clothes. My good fortune continued, as the pile appeared undisturbed. Just as I was about to pull on my panties, the front door burst open and the cheerleaders from my school filed into the room.

“Jenna!” the captain, Suzie, called out. “I thought you had left to go home!”

Startled, I kind of just stood there, while some of the girls laughed at seeing me totally nude. “Um… well… I decided to stay behind, and watch you continue practicing in secret. You know, to see how you would do without me around?”

“Oh, but why are you naked?” the slim brunette girl asked.

I half-heartedly dropped my panties to the floor and answered, “I guess I thought I would take a shower before going home…”

“Well you look like you just had some wild sex,” Suzie remarked.

Blushing, I tried to think of an explanation, while the girls were staring at my erect nipples and juicy pussy lips puffed out. “Um… well, you know that routine you girls have been working on is really hot. You did it so good, I guess I got a little excited!”

The cheerleading captain only arched her eyebrow, but as the other girls giggled among themselves, I could tell they were pleased to hear of my reaction. I guess they figured if their moves were that stimulating, they must be on the right track. Finally they let me continue stripping so I could take that shower I had mentioned. The soap and water did feel really good, but it was also embarrassing taking a shower in a room full of teenage girls. My nipples were hard the whole time, but I dare not touch myself and bring myself to another orgasm!

“That was sweet of you,” Suzie said when the others finally left. “I mean building up their confidence like that. You have been such a great help to us, and to the school. Will we see you at next week’s scrimmage game?”

Dressed now in only a towel, my ears turned bright red. I felt so guilty! Maybe I should have told the girl what had happened, and that their rivals from the other school were forcing me to cheer on their side… and strip for their team. But I couldn’t find the words. So with tears nearly brimming in my eyes, I simply nodded and managed a weak smile. Then Suzie gave me a quick kiss on the cheek to show her appreciation, before dashing out the door of the locker room.


* * * * * * * *

Next weekend arrived, and I was feeling pretty bad about what I was going to do. But I just couldn’t let those other girls show that videotape around. I think I would die of embarrassment if people saw what I had done. Not only running around a high school gym stark naked, but also doing naked jumping jacks, and being spanked on my naked ass until I had an orgasm! What if the tape was shown to people I knew, people I worked with? I just couldn’t let that happen, so I found myself driving up to the school of our rival cheerleaders.

They had left one of their uniforms for me to change into. Instead of the red and white of my school, these were black, and trimmed with gold and had the lettering done in emerald green. I took a deep breath, alone in the locker room, and then got undressed. I found that the pleated skirt fit nicely around my hips, but came down to just below my crotch. And the top was a little tight, plus leaving my tummy exposed. This was going to be so humiliating…

I tied my hair in a ponytail and checked myself out in the mirror one more time. With my white sneakers and ankle-high socks, I suppose I did look pretty sassy. Still, I would not be wearing this uniform for long, if my school’s team didn’t play good defense! I grabbed the pom-poms that were left for me, and headed out onto the field.

By the time I reached the side where our opponents were, Melissa and Barbie and Christiana were already waiting for me dressed in similar cheerleader outfits. But there were also another dozen girls eyeing me suspiciously, as well as the high school senior boys who made up the football team. I didn’t know if I should feel awkward about being in my mid-twenties among all these teenagers, but the guys sure had some interesting comments to make about body.

When I looked out across the field, I saw the team representing my school, and the cheerleaders I had helped train as well. Also, there seemed to be more people who looked like high school students gathering along the sidelines. Before I realized it, there must have been a hundred people showing up today!

I turned around, and almost walked right into Suzie Meyers, come to greet me.

“There you are, Jenna! What the hell do you think you are doing?”

Melissa stepped to my side before I could explain, “I’m sorry, honey, but it seems your little prize helper has had a change of heart. It seems she’s willing to cheer for whichever side offers the most incentive…”

“Incentive?” Suzie was shocked, still regarding me in their rival’s school colors with disgust. “Are they paying you to join their side? You greedy bitch!”

“No, Suzie, it’s not like that…” I started, but the blonde cheerleader had already turned her back on me and was marching across the field.

Now I wished I had talked to her about the predicament I was inclined to explain things, and started to go after her, but Melissa put her hand on my shoulder and said, “Don’t worry about her. Just do your job like we discussed, and everything will be fine.”

I continued to watch the young girl stalk back to her fellow cheerleaders. They would all hate me, to think I had switched sides on them. Then I thought, maybe after the game I could tell them what really happened. If only there was some way to help our school win! But for now, I turned to look at dark-haired Melissa, and simply nodded.

The players managed to get themselves onto the field and in position to start the game. This was it… an unofficial contest between our rival high schools, played on a mid-summer’s Saturday afternoon. The school I was being forced to cheer for, won the coin-flip, and their team started with possession of the ball. After they made their first play, the girls broke into one of their spirited routines, and I clumsily followed along.

OUR DEFFENSE IS DAZZLING, OUR OFFENSE HOT STUFF
WE’RE THE MIGHTY SHAMROCKS, AND WE’RE TOUGH, TOUGH, TOUGH!

WE WILL, WE WILL, ROCK YOU DOWN, SHAKE YOU UP
LIKE A VOLCANO ABOUT TO ERUPT
MIGHTY SHAMROCKS HERE TO STAY
ROCK YOU ALL NIGHT, ROCK YOU ALL DAY!

WHOAH, SHAMROCKS!

When the cheers were over, I found myself getting caught up in the excitement of the game. I mean, it was wrong for me to be rooting for this team, especially knowing the consequences if they should score a touchdown. Melissa actually came over and said I did a pretty good job.

“And don’t forget to smile, Jenna!” blonde-haired Barbie added.

Well, I didn’t want to get these girls upset, so I tried to put on my best game face. But I guess I underestimated just how motivated the players for this school were, as they blazed down the field. Suddenly, on the next forward play, they took the ball and ran with it… passing yard after yard, and scoring the game’s first touchdown!

Amid the wild cheering on this side of the grass, I stood shocked. It had happened so fast. All I could do was cover my mouth with my pom-poms. But the rival cheerleaders started to break into a victory celebration, and I knew I had to make a decision quick. Looking around, while no one was particularly paying any attention to me, I reached under my skirt and started to pull down my panties. I figured, this way, I might still make it through the game with my outer clothes in place.

“Bold move,” Christiana said to me as I discreetly discarded the material on the ground. “But you’re going to have to be careful on our next cheer…”

Well, the next cheer had me jumping and lifting my knee, then kicking my leg out while shaking the pom-poms in an open and shut fashion in front of my chest. I realized, I must be flashing my pussy to the other side of the field! And then the players from my school won control of the ball, and I guess my routine somehow inspired them as they started to gain some ground.

I watched as the girls from my school did their cheer, one of the routines I had taught them! They did a good job with it, and I actually felt proud for them. Also, it seemed to have the appropriate affect of encouraging the team, and they soon scored a touchdown of their own. The first quarter ended with the game tied.

There was a huddle on the field, and some more cheers from my rival’s school, with me conscious of my lack of any underwear. At the end of one routine, Barbie suddenly lifted my skirt, showing the football team my bush! The boys gave out an aggressive growl, and charged down the side of the field, unstoppable. It was another touchdown for them.

Melissa came over to me, taking a drink from her water bottle. “So what will be next, Jenna? How about you shed your skirt, and show everybody your bare ass…”

“No, not yet!” I cried, trying to sound defiant, but now I was getting really embarrassed.

Turning my back to the field, I gripped the bottom of my top where it came down just beneath my boobs, and lifted the fabric up my chest and over my head. I tossed the uniform shirt to the grass at my feet. Now I hoped I could finish the came in my white halter-top.

The cheerleaders then started another set of moves, and this had me jiggling around a bit. However, the warm sun did feel good on my bare shoulders. I was trying not to think of my less-than-decent outfit, when Barbie walked in front of me.

“I think we should make this next cheer more interesting…” And with that, the mischievous blonde sprayed water all over my white sports-bra!

“Oh!” I gasped, and watched the material turn semitransparent.

Of course, all the excitement of the game and the little stripping I had done so far, made me kind of aroused. My nipples were erect and sticking out quite prominently. The sight of my wet titties must have further excited their football team, as in a matter of a few plays, they were in the end zone scoring yet another touch down! The crowd of teenagers went wild, and even I had to lick my lips in anticipation, wondering what I would do next.

Well, the choice was pretty clear: either I go topless, or bottomless! I couldn’t believe it had already come to this, and we were just minutes away from half time. Finally, I decided that I did not want to spend the rest of the game with my bush and butt on display. So I took a moment to collect myself, and then slowly peeled the halter top off my body. My firm and perky breasts bounced deliciously, free of the wet clingy material. Quickly, I grabbed the pom-poms and held them in front of my chest.

I tried to do the next routine with these rival cheerleaders without moving my arms out of the way. But the girls who were blackmailing me with that tape, frowned at my inhibited motions. They said I wasn’t doing it right. So for the grand finale, just before the end of the first half, I was told do the cheer out in front, while the rest of the squad formed a kick line behind me. The cheer ended with me striking a pose, fists on my hips. I listened to the crowd of students whistling and yelling all sorts of remarks, as I stood blushing in just my skirt, sneakers, and socks!

As the players regrouped on their respective sides of the football field, the cheerleaders formed a loose circle around me. Some of the girls teased me about my naked breasts. Some of them laughed about my rock hard nipples. Suddenly into our midst, Suzie pushed her way through, and I could see she was enraged.

“I don’t know what you’re trying to prove!” she said storming up to me. “Was this your plan all along?”

I tried to calm her down, but could barely get in a word, “No, please…”

“Well let me tell you, Jenna, it isn’t going to work. Our team is going to beat you and your new friends! And we’ll do it with skill, not because of some nudie strip tease!”

And then she reached out, and squeezed my breasts really hard!

“Ahhh!” I groaned.

“All right, get back to your own camp!” Melissa came to my rescue, giving Suzie a little shove. “Jenna is our property now, so hands off!”

The blonde captain of my former high school’s cheerleading team shot me one last murderous glance. And then she turned on her heel and headed back across the field. The game was about to resume in a few moments. Barbie tried to soothe me by rubbing her hands up and down my bare back, and Melissa even teased her fingers around my areolas.

“Aw, don’t worry,” the dark-haired teenager said. “You’re doing a great job. And the way your team is playing, I doubt we have to score any more points! But I don’t think our boys are thinking about that… one more touch down, and you have to get naked!”

My face must have turned bright red, thinking about all these people who might see me. I shyly crossed my arms over my swelling breasts, while rubbing the toe of my sneaker behind one leg. But soon someone was blowing a whistle, and the third quarter had begun.

Again, when it came time to run through our cheerleading routines, I tried to preserve some modesty my keeping my pom-poms over my tits. There was just no way, however, I could avoid all the jumping and stretching. And, well, I guess I was getting into the spirit, and it did feel nice to have my boobs flopping up and down and all around as I repeated the motions.

Then something interesting happened. It seemed the players from my team, were just as motivated to see me topless on the sidelines, and I suppose they were a little envious too of the show their opponents were getting. This caused them to come out much more aggressive in the second half. They scored a touch down first, and moved within seven points of a tie. Secretly, I clapped my hands, but I could see Melissa’s lip curl in a sneer.

Well, my old high school didn’t stop there! I watched as the other girls I had helped practice now urged them on… and in the closing moments of the third quarter, they had scored another touch down. We were all even!

Now Melissa and the cheerleaders who had taken me, tried to counter with some new tactics. They had me run up and down the sideline, completely topless and arms at my sides. Everyone on that part of the field was checking me out, and my nipples pointed toward the bright sunny sky.

But as the last quarter opened, my school’s team continued to press their advantage. Maybe the player’s on their rival’s team were too busy thinking about my nearly naked body, to concentrate on the game. There was a fumble… one of our players took the ball, and made a desperate run for the end zone! Another touch down! My school’s team had now taken the lead!

Beaming with pride, I walked up to Melissa sitting on the bench, my tits practically in her face. “I think I’ll be keeping this skirt on, after all!”

“We’ll see, Jenna. The game’s not over yet,” she replied.

Unfortunately, I had spoken too soon. With only a handful of minutes remaining, the opposing team that I had been forced to cheer for, found a last reserve of adrenaline. Maybe they had a pep talk of their own, and the boys realized that my modesty was on the line. Whatever it was, they suddenly blazed past my school’s stunned defense, and scored a touch down to tie the game.

I was pretty stunned myself. I think the whole crowd of students was stunned. It seemed everything went incredibly quiet, as all eyes turned to my quivering form. My hands cupped over my breasts, I turned to look at Melissa.

“Please don’t make me take off the skirt… you know I’m not wearing anything beneath it!”

The teen cheerleader now stood up and smiled. “A deal’s a deal, Jenna. For every touch down our team scores, you must remove a piece of your uniform. Unless you want me to have copies made of that tape, for every person at this game…”

“No, no!” I cried putting out my hand. “You promised to destroy that video, if I went along with your instructions. All right, I’ll continue stripping. But you sure are tough!”

I closed my eyes and brought my hands to my hips. Basically, I just needed to pop the button and I could shimmy the short skirt down my legs. This was so embarrassing… in a few seconds I would be nude in front of everybody! I felt the material fall to my ankles, and I shyly lifted my legs to step out of the uniform skirt. There was a pause, as all the spectators and players took in sight of my naked body… they could see EVERYTHING!

“Oh my gosh, oh my gosh…” I kept saying, before finally clasping my hands over my pussy.

The crowd cheered wildly, and I was only partially aware that the game was now going into over time. The game had to continue! I spun around, showing the people on the other side of the field my totally bare butt. Unsure of how much more I could take, since I was getting horny as well as embarrassed, I just hoped one of the teams would score first. I didn’t care which side it was!

But apparently my work was not done just yet. Melissa made me join the cheerleaders as we broke into a rallying cheer… and me up front, in only my socks and sneakers! Following the routine, I had to twist and gyrate my hips, bending over and lifting the pom-poms high in the air. My naked rear jiggled as I pranced through the choreographed steps, and when I stood with feet shoulder-width apart, my pink pussy lips peeked out.

Well, such a brazen display of female nudity certainly emboldened the boys, and my rival high school’s football team quickly scored a sudden death touch down! Now they grouped for a huddle, likely discussing how they could run the clock. In these final moments, Melissa told me to take off my shoes and socks.

“But that will leave me completely naked, from head to toe!” I cried. “Besides, you said only one item had to be removed…”

Melissa crossed her arms and frowned at me. “That was for the regular game. We’re in overtime now, so the rules change. Hurry up and get them off!”

Meekly, I lowered myself to one knee in the grass as I unlaced my sneaker. Pulling off the sock, I then sat my bare butt on the ground and removed the last items from my other foot. When I stood up again, I realized that I was now totally nude, not wearing a stitch of clothing in front of a hundred people! I wiggled my toes in the grass, which tickled the bottoms of my feet. Suddenly, I felt a wave of excitement flutter in my tummy and my nipples grew very erect. I just thought of a way I could help my school and the cheerleaders I had let down!

The rival players were setting up for the field kick, to score that extra point. They had their place kicker sent in, and he was right about to attempt the goal.

Out of nowhere, I bolted from the sidelines, and ran stark naked across the field! Not covering up or anything, my boobs bounced and undulated, and I ran at an angle so that my bush was in full view of the kicker. My bare feet flying over the grass, I streaked the high school football exhibition!

The teenage boy’s eyes went wide at the sight of my unclothed body moving closer, but he was already mid-stride into his punt. Well, he was too distracted and hit the ball at a wrong angle, and the kick went off-line. No extra point!

As I raced across the field, I made it to the other side and dashed over to Suzie and her cheerleaders. The fans here were already cheering at the missed field goal attempt, and now they had a naked mascot back in their camp!

“Jenna, that was unbelievable!” one of the girls shouted.

Another girl gave me a welcome back hug, my bare tits crushing the fabric of her sweater, and as her hands reached behind me, she squeezed my butt cheeks, lifting me up on my toes! I then stood back on the sidelines with my own school, and although I was pretty embarrassed to be seen like this, I did not hide my breasts and pussy. I wanted to give some motivation to our players!

Well, once they were in possession of the ball again, one of the boys made a daring rush toward the end zone. He passed right in front of us, but there was a couple of opposing players right on his tail. I quickly started rubbing my pubic mound, and even began flicking my clitoris. When I let out a moan of pent up sexual frustration, the two tackles tripped over themselves, and our boy went on to score a game tying touch down.

Unfortunately, having started to masturbate myself, I found I couldn’t stop! Being out here in the sunshine, absolutely naked… all these young people looking at my ass and watching what I was doing! I squeezed my breasts and continued to rub my clit as our team prepared for a field goal kick with seconds left to go.

Seconds left before I would cum!

“Aaah… Mmmmm… Oh, yes! Yes!” I couldn’t believe I was going to have an orgasm in public like this!

I really didn’t know if people were paying attention to the action on the field, or what was going on between my legs. My toes curled in the grass, only adding to the sensuality of the situation, and my hands roamed all over my bare body. With my eyes closed, I lost myself to the sounds surrounding me, and the exquisite sensation of my finger slipping in and out of my pussy. I heard the punt of a football… and then a loud roar from the people around me!

As I exploded with a massive orgasm, I knew our team had made the goal and won the game. The students rushed onto the field to congratulate the players, as the defeated rivals sulked off to their school’s locker rooms. The girls formed a protective circle around me, as I recovered from my climax.

“Wow, Jenna… I knew you said you would do anything to help us win, but that was, like, unreal!”

With my knees still weak, and leaning on one of the young ladies for support, I finally told them what had happened, and why I had started out the day on the other side.

Suzie looked at me closely and asked, “But aren’t you afraid that they will show that tape now, since you helped us anyway?”

“Well,” I started, and was feeling suddenly conscious of the fact that I was still naked, “I guess after what I just did out here, it really doesn’t matter. It was more important to help my school.”

The girls all gathered around and gave me a group hug, which only had the affect of rubbing the soft material of their uniforms against my bare skin. Then, when the crowd had dispersed some, they led me back to my car in the parking lot. I walked with an arm across my breasts and palm over my crotch the whole way. But that didn’t prevent some playful slapping and pinching of my ass.

Of course, I had to drive home naked…

THE END 