The New Cheerleader 

 Stacy was sweating; she had just finished her first cheerleader practice at her new high school. She didn't know how good she would be since this was her first practice in a long time, but the couch pulled her off to the side and told her she had done a fabulous job. The other girls didn't seem to like her though. They kept eyeing her whenever they took a break, like they wanted to smack her around or something.

 Stacy didn't know why. She was a sexy blonde girl, with stunning blue eyes, much like the other girls. Her boobs weren't as big but she didn't mind, she had many other features that grabbed the boys' attention. Stacy kept looking over at the football team, in hope of seeing one of the built players look her way. Sadly, none did. But Stacy didn't take it personally, they just seemed dead tired from running into each other all day.

 Another weird thing that was going on was that the head cheerleader seemed to be flirting with her. She kept squeezing by her in the hallway to the locker room, in a way that made her big butt rub right on her thigh or hand. One shy looking girl came up to her as they walked towards the locker room and told her she should try and leave as fast as possible; the other girls apparently had an initiation planned.

 Stacy became nervous. Were they gonna steal her clothes while she showered or something stupid like that? No way, they have to be more mature than that, thought Stacy.

 Stacy was one of the last girls to walk into the locker room and she heard a lot of giggling and talking echoing against the concrete walls of the room. When she walked towards her locker, she was treated with endless amounts of boobs and pussy. The girls seemed to be very open with each other. Some weren't even getting dressed, they just sat on the benches talking like it was no big deal that the whole room could see her cunt.

 Stacy was all for guys when it came to dating and bringing to her parents, but there was something so erotic about the female body. Stacy was in secret heaven. She kept glancing at all the different types of asses and boobies. Remembering what the little redhead girl told her, she took a towel and headed to the showers. She was now also completely nude, but even though any guy would love her body, Stacy was shy about it. She walked to the showers and saw almost all the girls turn their head towards her as she passed them.

 Stacy wanted to shower quickly and get out of here. After a few minutes in the shower though, she felt someone grab a handful of her wet hair and pull hard. Stacy screamed in pain, not knowing what was happening. She looked up and saw that it was a black girl holding her hair. She was one of the girls that kept looking back at her during practice. Stacy tried to fight push the naked girl off but before she could, two more girls, one blonde, one brunette went to either side of Stacy and before she could say or do anything, she was getting dragged backwards, by her hair and arms.

 All three girls were naked, and Stacy was dripping wet from head to toe. Stacy wanted to cry out for help, wanted to scream, but for some reason she didn't. She just let the girls manhandle her. When they came into the area with the lockers, the other girls were completely silent, standing in a circle around a bench. Some were nude, some had bras and thongs on, and some were fully dressed.

 "Gather round bitches! This one needs some punishment!" The black one was the one talking and the crowd of cheerleaders started cheering and applauding. Stacy was horrified. She was so embarrassed. The girls that pulled her from the shower had now thrown her onto the bench in the middle of the group and held her down. Stacy was so embarrassed now that she had tears coming from her eyes, and rolling down into her luscious blonde hair. 

 "Get the handcuffs; I don't want this bitch scratching me." The black girl wasn't the head cheerleader, but she was giving all the orders. The head cheerleader was just watching from among the group, in her thong, her tits exposed and nipples hard. In a matter of seconds, the two girls holding Stacy down had handcuffed Stacy to the leg of the bench, her arms now above her head. Her legs were handcuffed to the other side of the bench in similar fashion. Stacy could barely move her arms or legs and if she tried twisting her body to either side, she would most likely fall off and do serious damage to her restraint arms and legs.

 Stacy didn't know what the girls would do now that she had nowhere to go, but soon figured it out when some of the naked girls in the group started playing with their pussies while scanning her body from head to toe. Stacy spotted the red headed cheerleader that had warned her about this earlier. She was one of the dressed ones and Stacy couldn't tell because she was behind her head, but she thought she saw the girl shake her head and then left.

 "Angelica, you can go first. Pick a spot." Stacy's heart sank into her stomach as she saw the naked blonde girl that had been playing with her pussy, approach her. Stacy didn't want to admit it, but the girl was seriously sexy. She had lust in her eyes, and her tits were probably one of the biggest among the squad. The girl made her way towards Stacy's head and after swinging one leg over her, she knelt down, leaving her pussy just above Stacy's mouth.

 "Lick me bitch! Trust me, it's not that bad once you start." Stacy shook her head, not looking at the delicious looking cunt in front of her. The black girl was standing beside her watching if Stacy would obey and when she didn't, the black girl took Stacy's nipple in between into her fingers and started twisting it and pulling on it. Stacy screamed in pain. 

 "You're gonna lick her until she cums all over your face, or I swear I'm going to rip your nipples off!" Stacy had no choice, Angelica lowered her pussy even more and Stacy's screams were now muffled. Stacy felt the wet cunt on her lips, her nose in the girls little patch of blonde pubes she had at the top of her snatch and she couldn't take it anymore. The pain was excruciating but her pussy was also starting to itch like crazy, she was in love with the girl's scent.

 Stacy stuck out her tongue and licked as fast as she could at the wet pussy in front of her. Angelica moaned and the black girl let go of Stacy's nipples which were now all red and sore. Stacy licked and licked for what seemed like hours, even though it was only a minute until Angelica ordered her to tongue fuck her. Stacy obeyed right away, not wanting any more nipple twisting, and even though she was being forced, Stacy couldn't help but enjoy herself.

 "Wow look at how wet she is. The little whore is enjoying this!" Stacy couldn't tell who was talking but she got embarrassed again and desperately tried closing her legs, but it didn't help, her legs were handcuffed to the bench.

 Angelica had cum already and had gotten off Stacy's head. Stacy's face was covered in her pussy juice and the black girl leaned down and started licking her face all over. When she was done, she smacked her boob and Stacy screamed again. Girl after girl made their way over to Stacy, sitting on her face and making her lick them to orgasm. An Asian girl did something different.

 Instead of shoving her pussy in Stacy's face, she put her ass cheeks right on Stacy's face and ordered her to lick her anus. Stacy didn't enjoy this one at all. At first, she had to lick all in between the Asian's ass cheeks, up her crack, followed by showing her tongue into her asshole. Stacy was surprised how easily her tongue slipped in, it was obvious this wasn't her first time. While Stacy was rimming the girl, the brunette that had handcuffed Stacy, straddled Stacy's stomach and started making out with the Asian. The brunette started grinding her cunt up and down Stacy's stomach, leaving a long wet mark of pussy cream.

 Stacy couldn't believe how turned on she was. Her pussy was burning with need of satisfaction. But sadly, no one was paying attention to it. The brunette that had been making out with the Asian, had now started to suck on the Asian girls nipples. The Asian was still getting her asshole fucked by Stacy's face and she had her hands resting on Stacy's breasts, which her hands couldn't fully cup. The brunette was bent forward, still grinding her pussy on Stacy's stomach and her ass was sticking up into the air. The black girl went over behind her and smacked her ass pretty hard, leaving a red mark. The brunette just moaned still sucking on the Asian's nipple.

 "Give me that dildo she loves so much." The black girl was now fingering the brunette in the ass and had her arm reached out behind her waiting for the dildo to be handed to her. Most of the girls had gone by now, it seemed like they just wanted to get their pussy licked and then showered and got dressed, ignoring the scene on the bench in front of them. This seemed pretty routine to them. The head cheerleader was the calmest about it. After a quick orgasm she went to talking about girl stuff with the other girls, not even paying attention to the moans and slurping sounds coming from the bench.

 The black girl finally had a dildo and had now replaced her finger with it. The brunette and Asian had switched, with the Asian now sucking on her nipples while the brunette got her ass rammed with a huge dildo. The black girl started slow at first, but soon had the dildo going about five inches into the girl's rectum before pulling it out almost completely and pushing it back in at a very fast pace. The Asian finally came and got off Stacy. Stacy was finally able to look around the locker room as much as her neck would let her and noticed that there was only two other girls left. One was sitting on the bench, while the other had her head in between her legs, licking her pussy like it was covered in chocolate. The girl receiving was stroking the hair of the girl licking at her cunt with a satisfying smile on her face, watching every lick and suck.

 What perverted lesbian heaven did I stumble into, thought Stacy. The brunette was rocking her hips backwards, accepting the dildo entering her ass like it was nothing.

 "Yeah bitch, fuck me hard! Destroy my asshole! Ohh fuck I'm gonna squirt all over this bitches face soon!" Stacy felt her pussy burn even more. This wasn't her first time licking so much pussy but she has never gotten squirted on. The black girl looked to be enjoying herself even more, even though no one was licking her pussy. She seemed to really enjoy being the dominant girl in this little fuck group.

 Stacy wished more than anything she had someone licking her pussy and making her cum, she felt like she was going to explode. The one that really exploded was the brunette. She moaned loudly before waddling up to Stacy's face, with her legs on either side and rubbed her pussy furiously. Stacy could just see a blur or her hand before the brunette stopped, spread her pussy lips, and squirt a gallon of her pussy juice all over Stacy's face. Stacy opened her mouth without even thinking about it and had it instantly fill with the juice gushing out of the girl in front of her, who was now shaking. Stacy did her best to swallow but she started coughing up the cum from her mouth. The brunette was aiming at different parts of Stacy's face. When her orgasm was done, Stacy was dripping with pussy juice. Her hair was wet, from the shower earlier combined with the pussy cream.

 The girl helped Stacy out by leaning over and licking Stacy's eye lids, helping her out so that Stacy could see again. She then kissed her, shoving her tongue deep into Stacy's mouth letting pussy juice dribble from her mouth. She smiled at her and left for the shower.

 The two girls that were playing on the other bench had long ago finished up and left. This just left Stacy and the black girl. Stacy lifted her head a little to see what the black girl was doing at her feet and saw her sucking on the dildo that had previously been in the brunette's ass. She pulled it out with a pop and then she showed the wet dildo into Stacy's burning crotch. The dildo went so far up her cunt that Stacy thought her pussy was going to just devour it.

 Stacy was moaning loudly, screaming, and yelling, as the dildo went in and out of her pussy. The black girl started rubbing her clit with her free hand and within seconds, Stacy had the biggest orgasm of her life. After she caught her breath again, the black girl shoved the dildo, now covered in her own pussy juice, into her mouth and made her suck it clean. After the dildo was clean, the black girl left and headed for the showers.

 Stacy was left handcuffed to the bench, smiling. At first, she was terrified of what they were gonna do to her, but now she was in heaven. For a second, she thought she might be completely lesbian now, her mouth watering for more pussy. After about 15 minutes, Stacy started getting worried. She was all alone and thought that maybe they would just leave her there.

 Her sigh of relief came when the black girl came back from her shower, wrapped in a towel holding a pair of keys, which Stacy hoped were for the handcuffs. Indeed they were, the black girl undid the handcuffs on Stacy's hands, and legs. Stacy sat up, examining her body, now covered in pussy juice and looked up at the black girl, looking for an answer to all of this. The black girl was dressed in her short skirt and small t-shirt. Before leaving, she turned to Stacy and said,

 "Welcome to the squad, I'm sure you will fit right in. Next time we get a new girl, you can do whatever you want to her."

 THE END.