As the last few of the other theatre patrons began walking up the aisles, Mike stood, again holding Psmith's coat in front of him, and Psmith followed him out of the row. When they reached the restrooms Mike took Psmith's hand and stalked along the sinks so he could look across underneath the stall doors and make sure there were no feet. As soon as he was sure there were not he pulled Psmith behind him into the stall at the end and slung his coat over the top of the door.

"There is not overmuch room in here, my ardent lover," Psmith jestingly complained.

"And it's going to feel like less," said Mike, crushing Psmith's body between himself and the divider wall so that it creaked ominously and attacking Psmith's mouth hungrily with his own. His hands couldn't decide what part of Psmith's body they wanted to feel the most, running madly over chest and back and buttocks. He clawed feverishly at clothing to get to the skin underneath, and one hand slid down the back of Psmith's trousers to cup and squeeze a smooth butt cheek, fingers immediately thereafter diving into the cleft.

By the noises Psmith made in his throat he divined this move was not rejected, but then he struggled and broke from Mike's kiss for a moment. "Good thing I brought this along," he said, holding up a small pot. "You can hail me for my remarkable forethought, now."

"Give it here! Forethought my ruddy buttocks - you planned all this and you know it!"

They struggled playfully over the pot of ointment for a moment, but Psmith soon removed the lid and Mike scooped some onto his first two fingers. He pushed Psmith's loosed trousers down to mid-thigh and slid the lubricated fingers into the cleft even as he dropped to his knees to closely observe the state of Psmith's arousal. He dropped a kiss on the sharp hip-bone before nuzzling into the tuft of crispy hair.

"Half up? How can you put me in a crazed state and you can be only half up?"

"Iron will," Psmith responded, smiling down, "I know you want to have something to do with your mouth."

"You've got that right," said Mike. He took the time to lick around the more dangly bits, but couldn't resist his goal for long. He hated hurrying this, but he had to piss like a racehorse and knew that he wouldn't be capable of doing so until he could release the pressure of this hard-on. The semi-limp shaft filled his mouth nicely, and he rolled around it with his tongue, adoring the softness of the skin and the way it was soon stretched over the inflating muscle beneath until the head at the back of his throat threatened to choke him, and adoring, too, the way Psmith's hand stroked his hair and ear gently and delicately, then clutched at the back of his head for a moment.

It was only when he began to move his head back and forth that he remembered where he had his other hand, and soon he had those fingers moving, massaging and testing that tense muscled opening, working the lubrication in, carefully, with one finger before adding a second. Psmith kept his noises small, but his breathing was quick. He offered the small pot again, and Mike pulled out (to a slight whimper from Psmith) and scooped up more of the ointment on a third, still clean, finger. This last addition drew a gasp from his friend, and small, urgent thrusts which hit the back of his throat.

Now the time had come when he had to bid goodbye to this part of Psmith which filled his mouth so nicely, for if he didn't stop now Psmith would be beyond stopping. Still, he pulled back regretfully, with a little kiss on the swollen head, before he slid back up Psmith's body and bit playfully at his neck.

"Lean over," he whispered, "And brace yourself on the toilet."

Psmith complied, but laid down some of the paper beneath his hands, commenting that the toilet was filthy.

Mike was just unbuckling his belt as Psmith made this comment, and a mischievous thought entered his mind. "Don't look at it. Close your eyes." He pulled the belt free of the loops and took an appraising look at his target, a gleaming moon before him, then hauled off and laid the end of the belt across Psmith's buttocks with a crack that drew a very gratifying yelp of surprise from Psmith. It wasn't often he could surprise his friend, so this made him grin, though he immediately felt a little regretful and smoothed the spot with his hand.

"I'm sorry," he said. "Did it hurt much? I shouldn't have."

"No. It really only stung. It's fine. I suppose it serves me right for teasing you so, before."

"That's true, isn't it? I believe you deserve it." He smacked him once more before he decided that was far too loud a noise to be making in this place. Besides which his arousal combined with his full bladder was now really quite painful. He hung the belt over the coat, pulled his trousers down, and, smoothing one hand over Psmith's delicate hip, nudged the head of his cock against the well oiled puckered hole that awaited it. With only a token show of resistance Psmith's body opened and welcomed him in, and he was soon buried to the hilt, and then moving, gratefully, joyously, sliding his hands over Psmith's tense back and sides and belly, enormously aroused by the fact that Psmith was still half-dressed and letting himself be fucked up the ass in a toilet stall. It took only moments before he tensed, then shuddered and gasped and released. The feeling of the tension and flow out of him was so overwhelmingly delicious that another mischievous thought occurred to him. Psmith was not quite done, yet, but Mike remained hard because of the pressure of his bladder, which was feeling bruised by now and desired release very intensely. He continued moving inside Psmith, grasping Psmith's shaft and stroking in syncopation.

It only took a few moments before Mike's erection began to soften and he felt able to allow himself the other release he so badly craved. After a moment Psmith made a startled noise, as he realized what Mike had done, and then convulsed beneath him, making a complete mess of the floor and the front of the toilet.

When he'd stopped shuddering and his breathing had slowed a bit he gasped, "My God. Did you really do what I think you did? Did you do that to me?" He paused. It seemed Psmith, for once, was nearly at a loss for words. "I feel so... full."

"I think I did," Mike said. "I'm sorry. I don't think it will hurt you any."

He grabbed a handfull of tissue and had it ready beneath to catch any messiness as he pulled out, gently and tenderly swiping at Psmith's cleft with one hand while looping the other around Psmith's chest to support him as he unsteadily got himself vertical. They supported each other for a moment, then Psmith let out his breath and said he needed to sit. He turned and dropped to sit on the toilet, holding his arms around his stomach, huddled, almost as though he were shivering. Goose bumps showed on his thighs.

Mike attempted to clean himself with the paper, which stuck and ripped most unsatisfactorally. He tried spitting on it, which just made the whole mess even worse, and finally gave up and started to pull up his trousers with his other hand, realized he'd get nowhere while still holding the bundle of tissue, and gestured to Psmith to let him drop it in the toilet. This had all gotten dreadfully awkward, suddenly, and he was horribly worried that he'd mortally offended Psmith.

"Are you all right?" he asked.

He could hear liquid being released into the toilet, and Psmith just stared straight ahead for the longest time, a slight frown furrowing his brow. Mike sidled nearer and pulled Psmith's head against his lower belly, smoothing his hair and neck and shoulders.

"I'm sorry. Are you okay?"

Quite suddenly all the noises ceased, and Psmith relaxed against him. After a moment or two he said, "You are an evil, evil beast to do such a disrespectful and degrading thing to me." He flung an arm around Mike's hips and clung to him, tightly. "I think I liked it." Tilted his head back, he grinned up, smugly. "Quite all right. In fact, I think I feel rather fine."

Mike smiled down at him. "I suppose I should clean up this mess, then." He pulled another handful of tissue from the rapidly diminishing roll and began to wipe up the front of the toilet and the floor. "Look at this, you got it all over the place. Couldn't you aim better? The toilet was right there."

"I was a bit distracted."

Mike laid a hand on his shoulder, then kissed him on top of the head, and offered him the last of the paper.