My Key West Adventure
byapplevalyan©

Hello again. My name is Valerie and I want to tell you about my latest exhibitionist experience.

It happened this past summer. My husband, Ted and I had made plans to go to Key West, Florida one weekend late July. I was looking forward to getting away from town and people I know and turning into an exhibitionist slut. Well, one week before leaving, there was an accident at the business my husband works for and a couple people got badly hurt. Since he was their supervisor, he was told that he would have to reschedule his vacation and remain at work to help investigate the accident. They also needed help get the business up and going at full speed again. He was devastated but said he would. He rescheduled his vacation for late October. We are now planning to go to Fantasy Fest over Halloween weekend in Key West, but I’m sure that is going to be another story to write about. 

I was so looking forward to going that I started to cry. My husband told me to stop crying and that if I could get my best friend Kim to go with me I could still go and use our reservations. [Kim is not her real name because her boyfriend might get upset with her if he reads this story.] Kim has got to be the best friend I have ever had. She has seen some of the pictures we have taken over the years, some on the web and some I don’t dare put on, and of some of the daring clothing I like to wear and has read the stories my husband and I have published. She went shopping with me a couple weeks ago and seen some of the unbelievably daring outfits I was planning on wearing in Key West. Kim has even bought a couple very short skirts that she wears when we go out partying together. She will wear thong underwear under her skirt but has as of yet gone pantyless. 

I called Kim and asked told her of my husbands problem and that if she didn’t have any plans that I would love for her to join me in Key West. She screamed so loud she hurt my ear before I could pull the phone away. She said that she would love to go. I told her that I would see her about 9 tomorrow so we could go shopping. I was already making plans to get her some clothing like mind. It would be more fun if I could get her to loosen up while we were down there.

As soon as we pulled away from her house I told her that since I was going to be wearing my g-string bikini, I wanted her to at least wear a thong bikini. She said she didn’t know if she could. I told her that she didn’t know anybody in Key West and that the people she was going to meet there she would probably never see again and that almost every girl there wore thongs and one more wouldn’t be noticed. She reluctantly agreed and said she would get one. While shopping I also talked her into buying a couple see-thru blouses and short sundresses.

The day before we left, I packed everything I was taking into suitcase. But then again I wasn’t taking much. Two very short sundresses, two short skirts, two bikinis [a white and a red g-string], two halter-tops, two super short short-shorts, two sheer blouses, 4 pair shoes, make-up, and no bras or underwear. Since it was only about a six-hour drive, I was going to wear only a short tube dress down there. I wanted to wear the tube dress incase I got in the mood to flash truckers on the drive, which I like to do. 

Kim called and said she wanted to know if she would need a long fancy dress any evening. I told her “no” and if she wanted I would be glad to come over and help her pack. She that she would love the help, so over I went. She had 3 suitcases on the bed. I reminded her that we were only going for the weekend and that all I was taking I put in 1 bag. I finally got her down to one bag. She took her new sundresses and blouses, her new thong and her string tie bikini, short-shorts and tank tops, some shoes. I wouldn’t let her pack any bras but allowed her to pack some thong panties. I took her bag with me so she wouldn’t change her mine. I told her I wanted it so I could go ahead and have the car packed when I picked her up at noon. 

Before Ted left for work he gave me a little package and told me if I need to, to use them with care. I looked inside and it contained condoms. I gave my husband a big kiss and showed him just how much I loved him. When I got to Kim’s house, she came flying out the door wearing a large t-shirt and baggy shorts. I hollered at her to turn around and go back in the house and change. I said her clothes did not match our idea of a wild weekend. Once inside she asked what I thought she should wear. Since Kim and I are almost the same size, except she is a couple inches shorter than me, I pulled from behind my back one of my other tube dresses. She quickly pulled off the t-shirt and shorts and slid snuggly into the dress. She wasn’t wearing a bra but she did have underwear on. I said that before we could go she had to remove her panties. She said she couldn’t because the dress barely covered her ass. I said it was covered enough and that she would be sitting inside the car almost all the way there and this would be a good time to get use to going pantyless. She looked at me a couple seconds then pulled them off and tossed them in the hamper with the other clothes she removed. As we walked to the car she said it felt weird being outside in such a short dress and nothing on underneath and couldn’t believe I talked her into it. I said that she would be use to it in no time and that she might even like it as much as I did. She laughed and said, “Yea, right.”

In about 15 minutes we were on I-95 southbound. The weather was nice and if we had no problems we would be in Key West in about 6 hrs. As Kim leaned the seat back and tried to relax, I pulled my dress up so I could sit on my bare ass and expose my pussy to anyone would look in the car. One trucker noticed as I eased by him and blew his horn, scaring poor Kim. That’s when she noticed what I had done. She said I was crazy and was going to cause an accident if some trucker couldn’t keep control of his truck. I said that was nothing and pulled down my top and let my tits loose. She asked how long I was going to drive like that. I said all the way to Key West if I wanted to but that I would get covered whenever we stopped for gas or pit stop. A couple hours later I had to pee so we stopped at a rest stop and took a break. Kim and I in our little tube dresses got a few looks from the men around there. Kim asked if I wanted her to drive a bit. I started to laugh and told her that it was a good idea and that it would give me a better chance to flash the truckers.

Now that Kim was driving I wanted showed her how it was done. I pull my top down to my waist sat sideways on the seat and flashed the truckers. I also blew kisses, squeezed my tits, and pinched my nipples for them. Kim was laughing and enjoying my tormenting of the truckers. I finally reached over and pulled her top down exposing one of her breast. She opened her mouth as if to scream but didn’t and sucked in some air but left the top down. A couple minutes later without any words to me since I pulled her top down, she slowly reached down; I was thinking she was going to pull it back up. But she pushed the top of the dress down to her waist and had a smile on her face as she did it. I had never noticed before but her nipples were almost ½ an inch long when excited. She said she noticed how much fun I was having that she was thinking about pulling her top down for almost an hour but didn’t have the nerve to do it. And that when I yanked her top down it felt so good, she didn’t want pull it back up so she just had to push the top all the way down. I told Kim something I just couldn’t tell her earlier, but with her laughing at me and wiggling around in the seat, the dress had worked its way up to her crotch and that her pussy could just be seen. She looked down and then back up at me. I suggested that she leave it just like that, that it would be hard to see by someone passing by unless someone actually stopped beside the window and looked down. 

Kim and I remained topless a while longer. We were just talking about getting off soon to get gas when we came up on an accident and Kim pulled up beside a big truck. The traffic was moving very slowly and as I looked up at the guy in the truck to flirt with him, he was already looking right past me and at Kim’s crotch. I told Kim I believed he was looking at her pussy and I could actually see her nipples hardening again. Then Kim surprised me, she reached down and touched her pussy while looking at the guy. Then as the traffic started to move again, Kim started rubbing herself and brought herself off in less than a minute. I grabbed the steering wheel just before she came or we may have bumped into the car on our left. Kim apologized for what she did and said that she had never masturbated herself in the car before but she just couldn’t stop herself. I told her that it was all right and that I understood because that I’ve brought myself off on the road a few times and really enjoyed letting someone watch me to do it as my husband drove. 

Kim asked me when I last did that. I told her that it was last summer, Ted was driving back from Tampa along I-4 in Orlando during rush hour and that I had been completely naked since Tampa and had been teasing the truckers anyway I could think of. I had showed them tits, ass, and pussy. I even put my bare ass out the window and reached around and spread my pussy for them. I said that had gotten so hot and horny that I put my feet on the dash lifted my ass off the seat and fingered myself until I had one of the most intense orgasms I had had in a long time. Kim’s mouth was wide open when I finished telling her my story. She asked if I was kidding her and I had to tell her “no”. 

Watch Kim had gotten me worked up and telling her my little story didn’t help any. Then Kim dared me to do it again. I was more than glad to accept her dare. I removed my dress and told her she needed to pull the bottom part of her dress up to her waist. She did it with out a word or second thought. I stared to play with myself and as we approached the next truck, I go on my knees and faced the window. Kim slowed down beside the truck as I rubbed my tits and fingered my pussy. After about 10 seconds, Kim accelerated away and I sat down again. Kim was laughing and said she could tell I was enjoyed showing off. A few minutes later we came up on another truck, I told Kim to watch what I was going to do. As she slowed for the truck I again go on my knees and placed my ass against the window and bent over giving a good look at my pussy. I reached between my legs and put two fingers in my pussy and started to finger fuck myself in earnest and told Kim not to leave the truck until I finished. After cumming I collapsed back into my seat and I her Kim laughing almost hysterically, I asked what was up and said I had just got off for a lady trucker. 

Well we finally got to our hotel in Key West. Kim and I remained in our state of undress all the way, I was happy Kim was warming up to the flashing side. We covered ourselves, checked in and found our room. I called and left a message my husband letting him know we arrived safe. After freshening ourselves up a bit, we went out to get a bite to eat. We decided to remain in our tube dresses and went to a quaint little snackbar nearby. As we sat with our backs to the wall, side by side, at our table eating our sandwiches a couple of guys sitting across the room kept looking at us. I mentioned it to Kim and she giggled as she said that they were probably looking up our dresses at our pussy. Kim hadn’t even mentioned her lack of panties until then. I knew she was right so I gave the guys a little more to look at. After spreading my knees about 6 inches I felt Kim’s knee bump mine. I looked at Kim and smiled and said to her, “Girl, I felt your knee bump mine, are you spreading your legs and flashing those guys you pussy?” She blushed and mumbled “no.” I told her it was “OK” and to go for it because I was already doing it. A few minutes later, one of the guys came over and asked if we would like to join them for some dancing and partying. I said I would love to, but it would have to be another night. We had just got in and were exhausted and just wanted to go back to our room and rest tonight. He gave us his and his friends phone number and said to give him a call when we were ready. 

Kim and I got back to the room just as the sun was setting. I looked out our patio window and seen the very inviting pool. I told Kim I was going to put on my suit and go get in the pool awhile. She said that sounded great and would join me. I had to go to the bathroom so I removed my dress and walked nude to the bathroom before putting on my suit. When I came out, Kim was wearing her thong. I put my red g-string and we went to the pool. At the pool I told Kim that she had surprised me by wearing her thong, I though she would probably wear her full bottom coverage bikini first. She said that after today she may never wear that suit again except around her family. She said that she also thinking about maybe buying a g-string like mine. I told her we would go tomorrow and find one for her. 

After an hour or so relaxing in the pool we dried off and went back to the room. After showers Kim said that she had forgotten to pack anything to sleep in. I told said I didn’t forget that I always wore my sleepwear. She gave me a questioning look and I told her I always slept nude. She smiled and said she had done that a couple of times but that it hadn’t even crossed her mind tonight, but it sound like the thing to do. I got in bed and was asleep in lest than 5 minutes. 

We both awake about 8 am and had room service deliver breakfast. Kim answered the door wearing a see-thru blouse and thong panties. I decided to lie in bed on my stomach but completely uncovered, giving the poor dude a good look at my completely naked backside. Kim chuckled and said I should have seen the guy’s eyes going back and forth between her tits and my bare butt. After breakfast I pulled on one of my little sundresses and Kim did the same, then she reached up and removed her panties. “So you enjoyed going bare under your dress yesterday?” I asked. Kim said she did and may not wear any more panties the rest of the weekend. I kissed her on the cheek and told her good for her and to let’s go out have some fun. Our first stop was to find her a g-string bikini. We easily found a store that sold some. Since mine were red and white she wanted a different color. She found a yellow one she liked and headed for the checkout. On our way to checkout we pasted some little skirt and top outfits. I found one I just had to get. It was a light blue short lace top and a short lace flare skirt. I had to try it on before we left. It fit beautifully! The top fell to just below my breast and laced up the front, and the skirt covered my ass by no more than two inches and when I spun around my ass would show. I was going to buy this, go dancing in it, and show everyone my ass and shaved pussy. I showed it to Kim and she got her a black one just like it. 

We got back in our sundresses and decided to go walk around a mall and window shop, and to show off a little too. The nearest mall was a couple miles away. I asked directions from a couple young guys on the street as Kim bent over to put her packages in the trunk. I saw one guy do a double take at Kim; about half her ass was exposed as she bent in the trunk. She stood up closed the trunk and winked at the guys as she walked back to us. I told Kim to drive, as it was now my turn to flash. I opened the door and bent over to put my purse in and then lifted my skirt up so I could sit on my bare ass. I then turned and waved to the guys as we pulled out. Kim stated that this flashing was fun and that she wished she had started doing sooner. 

We found the mall and spent the next couple of hours walking around the mall bending over to show our asses a few times and riding up and down the escalators when we were able to get a male behind us. We also ate lunch at ‘McDonalds’ in the mall, both of us giving the young guy cleaning tables a good look at our pussies before we left. My pussy was wet by the time we got to the car. I drove back to the room and told Kim how horny and wet I was and she told me she was too. I then remembered my husband had put one off my old toys that didn’t vibrate anymore under the seat, I told Kim to reach under the seat and she what she could find. She reached under the seat then her eyes opened wide. She asked if this is what she thought it was. I told her to pull it out and see if it was. My husband had wrapped it in an old washcloth to keep it clean. I dared Kim to use it now as we drove down the streets of Key West. She answered by smiling and leaning the seat back. She then lifted her skirt, spread her legs and slowly inserted the wonderful toy. In just a few minutes she started to moan and tremble. She removed it, spit on it and wiped it clean with the washcloth and told me to pull over so she could drive. I pulled over in a convenient store parking lot and swapped seats with Kim. I had that thing in my pussy before she got out of the parking lot. I few minutes later and closed my eyes as I left that dildo in me until we reached the hotel. I wrapped it in the washcloth and took it to our room for a good cleaning. 

Once in our room we decided to put on our g-strings and go down to the beach. Kim started to put on some shorts to wear down to the beach. I faked a cough, threw a towel over my shoulder and started for the door. Kim understood and removed her shorts, and tossed her towel over her shoulder. We walked bare ass through the hotel lobby to the beach. Kim said she felt so wicked being almost naked in public and that she was enjoying it. I thought to myself, just wait until tonight girlfriend and we will she just how wicked you can be. We spread out our towels and started putting lotion on. I slid my triangle tops together until all they covered was my nipple, leaving almost my entire breast open to view. I was getting ready to put on lotion when I noticed a group of teenage boys watching us. I let Kim know and then I put lotion in my hand. I actually lifted my top, bearing my tits for the boys to see as I rubbed them, covering them with lotion, then I put the top back in place. Kim saw how I did it and did the same but turning around to face the teens before she lowered her top. After getting some sun on our front I asked Kim to lotion down my back. I untied my top as I got on my stomach. I told Kim to rub the lotion in on my ass real good but not to block the boys view as she did it. When she was done I told her I would do her backside. When she finished she removed her top letting the boys she her tits again before she got on her stomach. I sat up leaving my top off as I lotioned Kim’s back up. I spent extra time on her ass, I heard her moan as I rubbed upper thigh and lower ass area and she spread her legs a bit. I took the invitations and probed between her legs a bit, she moaned again and spread more. I had never touched a woman’s pussy before but I couldn’t stop. I slipped a finger under her suit and found a hot wet pussy. She made no attempt to stop me so I inserted a finger inside. She was hot, I moved it in and out a few of times and I felt her squeeze my hand with her legs as she jerked a little. She then relaxed her legs and I removed my hands and lay down on my towel but not before I looked to see if the boys were still there. They were and a couple of them were rubbing themselves. 

A couple hours later we straightened out suits and went back to the room, strutting our bare asses across the lobby again. We took our showers and took a short nap, but remained nude in the room with the curtains wide open until dinner tonight. No mention was made about was occurred on the beach until just before we started to dress. I told Kim that I just had to apologize about what I did to her this afternoon on the beach. She told me not to worry. She didn’t know why she let me touch her like that but not to worry. She wasn’t mad at me. She was a bit confused at herself because she had never let a woman touch her like that before but that it felt so good and that since the boys were watching she didn’t want me to stop and was glad I didn’t. She said she couldn’t explain it but she enjoyed being exploited in public like that. I laughed and said to her, “Well girl, it looks like you’ve become an exhibitionist like me and it sure didn’t take you very long. Just think of all the fun we are going to have when we go dancing in our new lace tops and skirts tonight. Just think of all the people checking out our bare asses and pussies as we twirl around the dance floor.” Kim said, “Oh God, I’m getting horny just thinking about it.” 


Since was only around 5pm we decided to go walk around downtown a bit and check out the local shops. I decided to wear a sheer top and very short white denim skirt. Kim wore one of my thin halter tops and a pair of my laced up the side jean super short-shorts. I swear half of her ass hung out the bottom of those shorts. I had only worn them twice but I didn’t realize they were that short. We both enjoyed our walk downtown. We looked like a pair of street whores strutting our merchandise. We even had a couple offers but that wasn’t what we came here for. We just wanted to be seen and we were definitely doing that. We bent over to let some lucky guy see our ass every chance we got and both of our tits were easily seen thru the tops we wore. But some how I needed more. 

It was starting to get dark as we headed back to our room to change into our lace outfits. I called my husband and told him I missed and loved him and that Kim and I were having fun. I told him that I wouldn’t be surprised if he got to see a lot more of Kim, literally. I told him that Kim had loosened up and was almost as much as a showoff as I was. 

We decided to go to a club those two guys we meet yesterday evening told us about. With any luck we would meet them there. Our luck turned out good. As we got out of he cab, they pulled in the parking spot next to us. They were by themselves and asked us to join them, we agreed. The place was already jumping when we got inside. Eric and Thomas were regulars and quickly got us a table. It was easy to tell we were braless; the lace was thin enough to easily see our nipples though. And we both loosely laced up the front of our tops, about a 2 inch gap was down the front of our short tops. Both Eric and Thomas kept looking at our tops I’m sure hoping to see more, and they had a very good chance of it before the night was done. I’m also sure that it wouldn’t be long before they figured out we had no panties on either.

We got our drinks and talked for a bit before we were ready to dance. I could tell that Kim was nervous about tonight so I whispered in her ear not to be nervous that I would be beside her all night. I was beginning to feel the effects of the alcohol by the time I was on my third drink. I don’t drink often so I can get a buzz pretty quick. I finally asked Eric when we were going to dance. He stood up and offered me his hand and I took it. Thomas stood and took Kim’s hand and off we went to the dance floor. Let the fun begin I thought. I got completely lost in the rhythm and danced my heart out it wasn’t long before I noticed people around the stage watching Kim and me. Eric finally held me close as we danced and I started running my hand all over his body, he stared to do the same to me. He finally reached under my skirt and found I was without. I asked if I had forgotten them I told him no and that I never wore them and that my friend wasn’t wearing any either. I looked over at Kim and her guy had his hand up the front of her skirt, she looked at me and smiled. I told Eric to look what his friend was doing to my friend. He looked over and gave his friend a thumbs up and then put his hand up the front of my skirt. I sure the hell wasn’t going to stop him. I wanted him to feel me up in front of everybody. 

During the next song I had a wicked idea. I removed Eric’s hand and went over to Kim. I asked her if she would like to put on a show for everybody. She agreed and I told her to just follow my lead. I told her to first dance with me. As we danced I unlaced my top to expose my tits, Kim did the same. I walked to her and embraced her. As we were hugging I asked her would she mind if I kissed her, she said “No”, so I did. We gave each other a big long kiss. As I kissed her I reached down under her skirt and grabbed her bare ass, she did the same to me and then slipped me her tongue. We kissed and fondled each other’s ass for about a minute and didn’t separate until we heard whistling and clapping. We smiled at each other and then bowed to the crowd on one side of the room, then bowed to the crowd on the other side showing our bare ass and pussy when we bent. Kim and I danced till after two and danced with almost every guy there and were felt up by most of them. We left our tops open all night letting everyone see our tits or feel them up. Kim’s and my skirt were pulled up high on our waist causing our ass and pussies to be on permanent display. We were so close to naked that should have just taken our clothes on off but I didn’t want to loose my new clothes. 

Kim and I went to the bathroom and cleaned ourselves up a bit and pulled back down our skirts but we both wanted to leave out tops open. Eric and Thomas walked us outside to their car and gave us ride back to the hotel. I was so horny I had to be fucked so I asked Kim if it was all right to invite them back to our room. She said it was fine with her because she needed a hard cock in her soon. So we asked Eric and Thomas up to our room. In the elevator on the way up I completely removed my top and skirt and asked Eric to carry them for me. I got my key from my purse and gave him the purse to carry too. The doors opened and I walked naked down the hall to the room, opened the door, went to my suitcase and tosses a few condoms on the bed and them told Eric to drop everything and to get over here and fuck me. Before Eric was naked I looked over at Kim and she was on her knees sucking Thomas’s cock. Kim and I did both guys alone and both guys at the same time that night. They left about 7am. Kim and I showered and fell asleep with smiles on our faces.

I awoke about 3pm. After going to the bathroom I got back in bed and started remembering the night before. Kim awoke and when she returned from the bathroom she caught me with my finger in my pussy. She asked me what I was thinking about. We both laughed them she told me she had a wonderful dream last night. She said that she dreamed that we were dancing on a stage and started to kiss and as we kissed our clothes just fell away until we were naked. We started to suck each other’s tits and them eat each others pussy as the crowds watched. She said she awoke soon after and that when she touched her pussy it was soaking wet. She had to finger fuck herself to orgasm before she could go back to sleep. I asked if she had ever had dreams like that before. She said she hadn’t but had wondered a couple of times what being with a woman would be like and that she had enjoyed our kiss last night. I told her that surprisingly I had too. 

Kim then climbed in bed on top of me and we kissed. Kim slowly worked her way to my breast and started to lick and nibble my rapidly hardening nipples. She slowly kissed and nibbled her way down my waist to my pussy. I eagerly opened my legs to her kisses. I felt the electricity when she first touched her lips to my pussy. My husband was good at eating me out but he couldn’t hold a candle to what Kim was doing to me right now. She sent me over the edge in record time. She slid back up me and gave me a wet kiss and said that I tasted good. I told her to roll over that now it was my turn to taste pussy. I did to her exactly what she did to me. Except that when she came she almost crushed my head between her legs. 

We held each other a while and decided that we would do this again someday. I told Kim that Ted had a fantasy of being in bed with two women at once and that if she was up to screwing my husband we could do each other again. She said that she could and would love to and that her boyfriend had also talked about a threesome once and that we could have each other again if I did her boyfriend. I said that’s great and then we could say that we would like to do two guys at once and that we could get them together to do us. Kim said it looked like we had a plan; we laughed and gave each other a kiss.

I was hungry so I told Kim I was going to put on my white g-string and short skirt and walk down to the little snack bar we visited when we first arrived. She said sounded like a good idea, so we got dressed. We both adjusted our tops so just the nipple area was covered, in other words only about 2 inches wide. Just outside the snack bar Kim said that something didn’t feel right. She stop and looked around, then said I know. She reached under her skirt and removed the bottom of her suit. She smiled and said; “Now I feel better.” I said she was right and removed mine as well. We put our bottoms in our purses and went inside. 

Kim said she felt like sitting on bar stools at the bar. We found two with a view of the ocean and sat, our skirts hanging over the edge of the stood and just barely covering our ass. The guy behind the bar was cute and friendly. We ordered two sandwiches, fries, and beer. When he left I saw Kim slowly adjust her top a little narrower. I wanted to play too, so I slid mine a little narrower. I have silver dollar size nipples so I slid mine right to the edge of the areola. Kim was watching the guy in his tight cutoff jeans and didn’t notice that now I had my top smaller than hers. When the guy returned he definitely noticed the size shrinkage of our tops and started to flirt with us. He said he liked our tops; they were about the smallest he had ever seen in there. Kim asked if they were too small we could make them bigger. He said that they were just fine and left to help another customer. When he returned I said, “But if the tops are too big, all we have to do is this.” I reached up and slid the material together over one breast as far as it would go, uncovering about half my areola. Kim said no fair! And slid both top parts far apart completely exposing her tits. He stood straight up and said that Kim had better cover up. He said he didn’t mine but some of the other people might complain and he didn’t feel like hassling with that today. So Kim pouted her lips and covered up. We told him the hotel we were staying at and that we were planning to be on the beach or by the pool the rest of the afternoon. We finished our meal and when he brought the check I opened my purse and removed my suit bottom and put it on the counter to get my money. He looked at my suit bottoms and Kim said to him, “ Yep, that’s her bottoms, she’s not wearing anything under that little skirt right now, and neither am I. Would you like to see?” The guy said sure. Kim stood up turned around and flipped up the bottom of her skirt. I paid the guy and left him a nice tip and stood up. As I stood I pulled the back of my skirt a couple inched higher on my waist. I hoped it bared the bottom lobes of my ass cheeks as I walked out of the snack bar. Just to make sure, I dropped my purse at the door on the way out and bent over to pick it up. I looked back as I was bent over and almost ever eye in that place was looking at my ass and pussy. It sent a chill down my back right to my pussy. Kim didn’t see what I had done and I told her as we walked to the beach, she said she wish see could have seen their faces.

We when back to our room, put our bottoms on, got towels and went to the beach. Since the sun was low in the afternoon sky we didn’t bother with lotion, we just got in the surf. These little suits aren’t made for playing in the surf; we both almost lost our bottoms in the waves [now wouldn’t that have been a shame], so we headed for the pool. We rinsed the salt water off before we got in the pool and Kim commented on that my suit was transparent when wet. I had forgotten that my husband dared me the last time I wore this suit to remove what little bit of lining the suit had and I did. I told her why it was see-thru and she said she would have to do that to her suit the first chance she got. Well, we spent the new couple of hours around the pool in our little g-strings. Flirting with a couple of guys we met there and returned to our room. Kim immediately got out some little scissors from her make-up bag and started to remove the lining of her suit. When she finished she said she want to get in the pool before we left tomorrow to she how much I could see through her suit. 

We both felt like a drink so we showered and put on little sundresses and went to the hotels lounge. Kim’s dress buttoned all the way down the front with little closely spaced buttons, she left the bottom three unbuttoned. When she pulled the dress apart to see if it was unbuttoned too much, I just could see the bottom of her pussy. Perfect she said. And the top she left about 6 buttons undone, leaving the first button buttoned a couple inches below her breast. That only left about 10 buttons fastened. My dress laced up the front from about my waist upwards. I tied knots at the end of each string and pulled the lacing apart so you could see skin all the way to my waist, you could see a lot of breast but no nipple unless I leaned over. This dress is the shortest I own, I’ve got t-shirts longer than this dress. Kim said it covered my crotch by only an inch. I decided to call my husband again before we left. I told him what dress I was wearing and he laughed and told me to be careful that I might get attacked in that dress. I told him I would be fine, he gave me plenty of condoms to use and that I might not bring any home. He laughed and told me he loved me. And that he would see me Monday night.

There were only about 15 people inside when we got there, mostly men. We went to the bar and ordered beers. Kim and I both hopped onto the bar stools there and faced each other. I spread my legs a bit and asked Kim if she could see anything. She said a little and asked about her, I looked down and could see the lips of her pussy. But before I could answer I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turn around to find the guy at the snack bar standing there. He said his name was Antonio and he was just showing up for work here. He said he only worked part-time at the snack bar and that when we mentioned we were staying here, he was hoping he would see us here tonight. He then looked down at our dresses and asked if we were planning to showoff some tonight also. I smiled and said, “ You can bet your ass we are.” I then reached down and lifted my skirt to shown him. He then asked if we if ever wore panties. I told him that I never wore panties, it would ruin all the fun I had flashing my pussy.

While we were talking a couple business type men came in and sat at the table next to us and had seen me flash the Antonio. As I spun slowly around in my chair to face Kim again, I made sure to leave my legs apart. Kim was already facing the men giving them a long look between her legs. We would flash the poor guys a minute or so then turn back to the bar and drink a little. Antonio came down and talked to us a couple times I made sure to lean over enough so he could look down my dress and see my tits, I’m sure this caused the back of my dress to lift up and bare my ass to the business men but then that is what I came in here to do. Right! Kim got Antonio’s his attention a couple times then pulled her undone top to one side to bare a tit for him. About her third beer, she had unbuttoned the dress to her waist leaving only 5 buttons done up. Her tits were barely covered now; it didn’t take much to flash them now. 

We started to talk with the guys at the table a bit, and then Kim got up and sat on one of the guy’s lap. He reached up and cupped one of Kim’s tits and she just giggle and said she liked to have her tits played with. The other guy motioned for my to sit in his lap, I thought what the hell and got up. I straddled his legs and sat down facing him. I told him that my friend likes to have her tits played with but I liked it better when someone played with my pussy. His eyes opened wide as I took his hand and placed it between my legs. He played with me for a while when the music started to play. I told him I wanted to dance. I lead him to the dance floor, as he put his arms around me I told him to lift my dress so my entire ass could be seen. He did, I felt so wicked with my entire ass on display. I seen Kim dancing near us, and the guy still had hold of her tits as they danced. Then Kim did it, she shook her shoulders and the dress fell to the floor. She just kicked it way and was totally naked in public. A couple minutes later Antonio told us we had better hurry and leave; the manager was going to call the police. I grabbed Kim’s dress and told her to hurry and put it on. We had to leave now, the police had been called and we might get arrested. We were dressed and gone in 30 seconds. In the elevator Kim was shaking. I asked if she was alright and she said she was, that she had just had an unbelievable orgasm. She said it started while she was on the dance floor and didn’t stop until she was in the elevator. She said that being naked in public was the most exhilarating thing she had ever done and wanted to do it again some day. 

We got to our room and undressed. I looked out our balcony window and seen the lights go out in the pool area. I all the sudden felt like going skinny-dippin. I grab a towel wrapped it around me and told Kim I was going for a swim. She asked why now, and I said there were no lights on in the pool and it was a perfect time. She grabbed a towel and wrapped it around her as the door closed. We took the stairs to the bottom floor to get to the pool. There was nobody around so I dropped my towel in a chair and climbed in, Kim was right behind me. I surprised Kim when I turned around and gave her a big hug and kiss. We kissed a few seconds then separated, we floated neck deep and relaxed a bit.

Then we heard someone coming, it was a young couple. They stopped when they noticed us, they both had towel wrapped around them. I told them to come on in that the water was perfect. The man said no that they went exactly dressed right. I said that neither were we, I walked to the shallow end and stood up bringing my naked tits out of the water. I said that both my friend and I were naked and we would like for them to join us. The girl just dropped her towel and jumped in. The guy picked up her towel and put it in a chair along with his. After he got in the pool we got closer together and talked. We found out that they had just gotten married that afternoon. I said jokingly, “What, you mean you not in bed banging one out.” The girl said that they had already done it a couple times since they had gotten here and now they were taking a rest. I told them that if my husband was here and we were skinny-dipping, I would want him to do me in the pool. The guy said he was telling her that exact thing as they were walking here but wouldn’t try it now since they weren’t alone. I called him a chicken, and said that was part of the thrill, doing with people around and not getting caught. Kim said that we would leave them along now so they could enjoy themselves. 

Kim led me away to the far side of the pool and started to play with my pussy. I reached down and started to play with hers. Kim said she wanted to see who could get the other off first. I said, “OK, game on.” So we were fingering each other and kissing. We both came about the same time, I swear! I looked over at the young couple and they were going at it. They were about chest deep in water and her legs were around him. When the water stopped splashing from between them we gave a little clap. The girls said that watching us had got them so turned on, and that he got hard in a hurry and she didn’t want to waste a good hard-on. I asked her how she liked having sex in water. She said that she enjoyed it and wanted to do it again tomorrow, maybe even on the sly with other people in the pool. Kim and I got out of the pool and dried off while the young couple watched. 

I made a startling discovery after drying off. Neither one of us had our room key! That meant that one of us had to go to the lobby in just a towel and get another key. I quickly volunteered. Kim said she wanted to come along. We both walked into the lobby holding our wet towels. The only person there was a middle-aged man behind the counter. I explained to him that we went for a quick dip and forgot our keys. He said it wasn’t the first time that had happened and got us a key. As I reached for the key my towel slipped a bit, causing one of my tits to come out. I smiled but left it uncovered and said I also forgot my suit. He just smiled and chuckled. As we walked by pool back to the room, I looked back and saw that the hotel clerk watching us. I told Kim he was watching, so I released the hold on my towel and wrapped it over my arm. Kim did the same. We pasted the pool and noticed the young couple was gone, so we turned to face the clerk and waved to him. Kim and I remained naked all the way to the room.

Kim said that walking around naked had gotten her horny again. I reached inside my suitcase and tossed the dick to her. She wasted no time in putting it to use. Watching her pleasure herself was getting me worked up. I started to slowly stroke my pussy while watching her. When Kim finished she tossed me my toy and said it looked like I needed it now. After getting myself off, I kissed Kim goodnight and crawled in bed with her. 

The next morning we ordered room service again. Kim was in the shower so I answered the door naked. The guy almost dropped the tray. I took it from him, turned and put it I on the table. I went and got my purse and got out 5 dollars to give him a tip. I turned and there were three guys standing there. I calmly walked to them and told them I was sorry but I only had 5 dollars left to tip with. The original guy said never mind, I could keep it. At this time Kim came out of the bathroom and walked naked to the door. “What’s going on here?” she asked. “I take a shower for five minutes and catch you standing naked in the doorway with three guys.” I told her that they had just brought breakfast and I didn’t have enough cash to tip them all so I had just decided to let them get a good look at my naked body. I slowly turn giving them a good look at my backside, and then I spread my legs and bent way over giving them a good look at my pussy. Kim reached down and spread the lips of my pussy apart. Then Kim asked if anybody wanted to put a finger in my pussy. All three of them did, no big surprise there. I stood and thanked them for the good service and closed the door. Kim and I laughed all during breakfast; she said she wished I could have seen their faces when she asked them if they wanted to finger me. 

After breakfast we packed our clothes except for our g-strings and short skirts we plan to wear home. We loaded our suitcases in the car and went to the pool. We left our skirts in the room because we planned to shower before we left. We got to the pool; there were a few people around but no children. I knew my suit was see-thru when wet but Kim hadn’t gotten her wet since removing the lining. Her brown nipples were easily seen thru her yellow suit. And if she didn’t shave her bush I’m sure it would have been easily seen too. 

We went to the room and showered. I showered first and put back on my top and skirt. I picked up my bottoms and then remembering how Kim said she wanted to be naked in public again some day. I picked up ALL her clothes and told her I was going on down to the car and get it cooled off. She said she would be down as soon as she dried off. I closed the door and hurried to the car. As I waited for her I removed my top. In about 5 minutes here came a totally naked Kim walking out the front doors of the lobby towards the car. As soon as she closed the door, I pulled out and headed north. Kim was breathing heavy. I reached behind the seat and pulled out my dildo and asked if she needed it. She pulled it from my hand and quickly shoved it all the way in. She came I less than a minute. She looked at me and said, “I love you, you little rat! She said she about panicked when she noticed all her clothes were gone but then she knew what I had done for her. She said she met one of the boys from this morning in the elevator and told him that I had taken all her clothes to play a trick on her but that she was going to surprise me by walking naked out of the hotel. She said he offered her his jacket but she refused saying that she wanted to surprise me and if she covered up it would ruin the surprise. And when the elevator doors opened, there were 15 to 20 people in the lobby. She just took a breath and slowly walked across the lobby and out the front door. She said that she enjoying the feeling of the warm sun on her naked body and that she almost walked past the car to the far side of the parking lot, but thought that maybe she had better not. She also said that being nude in public, in the daylight, was much more intensive than being nude in a semi dark room like last night. I told her I knew exactly what she meant and I told her my most exciting experience. [Read my ‘Showoff Weekend’ story] She said she really enjoyed being naked in public and wanted to stay that way all the way home. I said she could if she wanted too but she might need to put on a top and skirt at gas and bathroom stops. That what we did too, we put them on just before we stopped and removed them as soon as we could. 

I dropped Kim off at he house, after we had put our tops and skirts back on. I helped her get her suitcase for my trunk and told her to come over around noon and we could work on our tans by the pool. She said she would love to and would see me tomorrow. I was unloading my suitcase from my trunk when Ted pulled in the driveway. I made sure to bent way over to give him a look at my bare ass under my skirt as he drove up. He got out of his truck and gave me a big squeeze and hug while grabbing my bare ass. He said he wanted me real bad; I looked at him and said that it sounded great to me but did he wanted to do me here or in the house. He picked me up and carried me in the house put me over the end of the couch and gave it to me from behind. Hard and fast, it felt great. After cleaning up I modeled my new lace top and skirt for him. He said he wish he could have seen me dancing in it, I told him he will in October. That night as we were having sex in bed I told him about the guys Kim and I did together and about what Kim and I did to each other. Ted’s fucked me twice as I told him. His cock never went soft. He called me his little exhibitionist slut. I love it when he calls me his slut as he’s fucking me. I do believe I would do anything or anybody for this man if he asked me to. I told him Kim was coming over tomorrow to visit. He asked if I was going to eat her pussy again. I told him to come home early and find out. He said he just might.

Kim showed up around noon wearing a tank top that just covered her ass. Half her tit was showing through the armholes of the shirt. I asked if she brought her suit to wear around the pool. She stopped and said she didn’t know she needed one. I told her she didn’t and that I was just teasing her, as I reached beneath the shirt to fine her naked underneath. I was already naked when I opened the door for her. We went to the pool and I took a large pitcher of lemonade out with us. Ted showed up about half and hour later and found us both naked by the pool. I stood and asked Ted if he remembered Kim. He said he did but had never seen her looking so good. Kim stood and asked if he liked seeing her naked. He said that of course he did. Kim said that she likes to she naked men too. I said, “ Yea Ted, you are way overdressed, now let Kim and I help you undress.” Ted just raised his arms as Kim and I undressed him. I told Kim that since she was my guest she should remove the final piece of clothing. Kim got on her knees in front of Ted as she slowly pulled down his underwear. He was sporting one fine hard-on; Kim wrapped her hand around it and licked her lips. I told her to go ahead and taste him. As she was giving Ted head, I came up behind him and reached around to hold him tight. I could fill his breathing increase the closer he got to cumming. I had to hold him up when he shot his load deep in Kim’s throat. Kim, Ted, and I had sex the rest of the afternoon, outside and inside the house and in the pool. One of my favorite times was Kim sitting on the edge of the pool. I was eating her out as Ted was fucking me from behind. 

I’ll write later this year about our Fantasy Fest trip.
