Showing Her Off
by Nakedcraving

Man finds showing off his wife has benefits.

I knew she was a bit of an extrovert, always liked to wear fine clothes, looked beautiful in most anything, had the attention of every man within a mile, but what I didn't know was that she was more than a bit of an exhibitionist. She quite frankly liked showing herself without clothes more than anything. She liked being naked, but she loved being seen naked.

We became nudist shortly after we were married. She would stroll around the camp, greeting members and visiting with people around the grounds. What I learned then was that she liked to show herself off when we weren't at the nudist resort, letting folks see her naked body whenever she could was a big turn on for her.

I decided to be direct, so I asked her if she might be an exhibitionist. "You think?" she said with shrug.

"You get off showing it off?" I asked. She asked where I had been all these years. "I know you like to be at your best, dress nicely and look good, but I wasn't aware that you liked exposing your nakedness to anybody who'd look," I said.

My wife stands five five, weighs 112 pounds, has a fine, tight ass, medium but well-shaped breasts, and her smile reminds people of Megan Fox. In other words, she is truly a beautiful woman, a real fox. I am proud to be seen with her, and I know people probably say, "What's she see in him?" Okay, I accept that.

Well, who cares. What the fuck? I also like showing her off, in fact I get off showing her off, as well. So what if she likes showing herself to others? She has it to show off, so why not? I know good looking people enjoy being good looking, and they certainly enjoy being looked at. Charlize Theron digs strutting on camera. My wife, Claire, enjoys having men gape at her, likes causing them discomfort in their jeans, and it gives me a charge to watch them ogle her and I know what is going through their horny minds when they stare and daydream about what they would do to her if given the chance.

I just am pleased that they never will. You may mid-fuck her, but you'll never get closer than that, I say to them in the privacy of my mind.

We were at a nudist camp when a fellow walked across the grassy area and every woman, including my wife, followed him with their eyes. "You see that?" she asked. "That is one beautiful cock," she said, making a face like she'd just seen George Clooney in a Speedo on the street.

When I saw her admiring the naked hunk with the extraordinary organ I began to revise my 'I have her and you don't' attitude, and I started to realize he may be in her crosshairs. She seemed overcome by the magnificence of his natural gifts. She could not take her eyes off of his prize package. If you liked showing it off, you most likely also like seeing it and admiring what you saw. I knew I was not in his ball park, but I had to admit she was right, he was impressive to look at and he looked proud of the way he looked and what God had given him.

As he strode across the grass, Claire got up and walked to the pool, catching his attention as she walked. He turned and followed her to the edge of the pool and spoke to her as she stood on the first step, ankle deep in the water. I couldn't hear what he said to her but I clearly caught her expression as he spoke. She clearly enjoyed what he said, and smiled, then she nodded.

When she returned to her lounge chair I asked what he had said. "He wanted to if I was alone here at the club and if I was if I would like to join him for an early dinner. I said I wasn't alone, but I would enjoy joining him for an evening meal." She gave me a what-do-think look and smiled. "He said I looked amazing," she said. "I told him likewise. He gave me directions to his trailer and said four o'clock. So I guess I am having supper with him at four this afternoon. Are you okay with that?"

"Will you be dessert?" I asked. She smiled and shrugged. It seems my wife was surprising me once again. "Should I wait up for you?" I asked.

"Maybe not," she said with a grin saying I may have my first extramarital. "I don't know what time dessert is being served," she said. "Could be late."

At four I watched her go and I admired her firm, round ass as it went off to her first chance at 'a little on the side.' I had not thought of that as a possibility, but an extrovert and a committed exhibitionist probably was up to some experimentation. I knew my wife was not against open marriage arrangements, although we had never gone that route, but when Claire sets her mind to something it usually happens.

She said she would try to be back to our camping spot by midnight. I couldn't sleep and waited for her to return. At twelve fifteen she came into our tent. "Well," I said, "were you dessert?"

"And the appetizer, the entree, and the after dinner drink," she said with a smile. She went on to tell me all about her night with him, explaining that they fucked most of the night. "He is very good," she said with a smile. "I hope you don't mind my fucking him, but when I got there I decided it was to be. It was just sex," she explained, "but it as fantastic sex."

She was quiet for a while, then she kissed me. "So it is going to be like this from now on?" I asked. She nodded.

"I think so," she said quietly. "Yes, it is going to be different, unless you can't have it that way. Then we'll have to talk. Sex can be fun without being love," she said assertively. "We can still be married and have sex with others. Don't you think?"

I thought about it for a few minutes. "Maybe," I said. "I am not sure.

"I hope so," she said. "I truly hope so. We went to sleep and didn't talk again until morning. When we got up I kissed her and asked if she really did have a good time. "I really did," she said with a sad smile. A look that said she didn't want it to stop.

"His name is Jason and he has a girlfriend named Carol. Carol has a lover and she is with him now." We studied one another for a few minutes without words clogging the issue. "I do love you," she said. "That hasn't changed, but I am a different woman than I was yesterday. I just need more than one man."

I wasn't sure what to say. I realized if I loved her I needed to love her enough to give her the space to be who she was. I didn't try to keep her from exposing herself to others, to be the exhibitionist she naturally was, and I wanted to be able to give her the chance to be who she was sexually.

"Do you think your need for sex from others may be linked to your exhibitionist interests?" I asked her. Without answering right away she nodded.

"Yes, I think so," she finally said thoughtfully, choosing her words carefully. "It seems to be the same level of excitement and sexual attraction to it. I get totally overwhelmed and exhilarated by it. It's hard to explain, but I've had an orgasm just thinking about exposing myself to others, and I have the same experience thinking about having sex with Jason, or someone as intoxicating."

She was quiet for a minute. "We have been married for twenty years and I don't want to throw that away, but this new desire has taken me by storm. I honestly think I can be with Jason, or someone else, and still be a good wife." She paused. "I hope you can do this, because I would hate to lose you."

I put my arms around her waist, my hands just behind her naked hips. "I love you enough to want to give you this independence, this license to be yourself. I hope I can with all my heart. I guess we'll see," I said pulling her to me and kissing her with passion, trying to show how much I loved her. After a minute I smiled and said, "You liked having that big dick in you most of the night?"

Without answering verbally she nodded her answer. "Then I guess you should be able to and not feel ashamed or uncomfortable about it. Many people here at the club have open marriages," I said. "There are more important things in a relationship than simply sex, whether it happens between you and him or not. He and Carol don't mind the other one having sex with other people?" She shook her head.

"He says that he and her lover are good friends. They go to sporting events together, hang out, and are comfortable sharing their women," she said. She was quiet for a minute. "He has asked me to go to the dance in town with him tonight."

"And spend the night with him?"

"Probably," she said. "I think so."

"Well," I said. "Let's see how it goes. If I can't handle it, we'll find out tonight." We stood together, holding one another and just being quiet for a long time before either of us spoke. I told her I would be waiting for her after she and Jason were finished. "Have a good time," I said, kissing her on the cheek.

When she left I watched her naked bottom move down the path to his apartment. If I as going to be able to handle this change in our lives, I wanted it to be strengthening us, making us better together. I watched her walk away and I felt a strange glow burning in my insides, giving me conflicting sensations: in a way I was thrilled and happy for her, and in another way I was a little sick.

I decided that night that the way to cope with being with some else was to share the experience with her the best I could. She was my wife and it was her pleasure that should be top priority, so the best thing to do was savor it with her: to imagine it happening and enjoying it as it came.

I pictured her with him, imagined him fucking her wonderfully, making her cry out in ecstasy and roll her head from side to side, biting on her lower lip and tightening her hands into fists. I pictured him coming in her, since that was the most intimate thing a man could do, to fill her with his life-making semen. She had her tubes tied years before, so there was no risk of pregnancy.

I imagined him giving her oral pleasure, as she loved having her pussy eaten, and I could almost hear her cries of passion as she came repeatedly at his mouth. I knew everything she liked and I imagined it happening between them, seeing it in my mind's eye, almost feeling it in the pit of my stomach.

I lay in bed and thought of her with him, and yes, I felt an excitement as I'd hoped I would at their sexual escapades, their lusty recreation in his bed in his apartment, between her legs, and at her mouth. I even masturbated to images of them copulating in animal heat and sensual satisfaction. I came rigorously thinking of him pleasuring her, making her come, as I had come at the pictures in my mind, and I collapsed as I hoped she would exhausted and satisfied, happy and without guilt.

I was awake when she came in and I held her without speaking for maybe thirty minutes, savoring the feel of her naked body's warmth against me and actually feeling happy she had been fucked well and with passion.

"You have a good time?" I asked.

"It was okay," she said, teasing me with a closeness I was happy to feel.

"Okay?" I said. "It better have been better than 'okay'. I'm here dying and it was just okay. It better have been rocket's red glare and bombs bursting in the air wonderful," I said in mock outrage.

"Okay, that's good, because I did see stars and hear rockets go off all night."

"Well, that's better," I said. "Damn straight. I want fireworks type of sex when you're with a lover other than me. He better give you I've-never-had-such-fucking sex if you're going to be in his bed while I am here jacking off alone, imagining what he is doing to my wife in his bed at eleven o'clock at night." She simply smiled at me and nodded her head.

"Of course," she said with a grin.

It has worked out better than I had hoped. I did become friends with Jason, and Carol did get to know Claire. He fucks my wife about once a week now, and she has even had sex with Carol. She found that she likes oral sex with another woman almost as much as being eaten by a man.

Claire and Jason share a passion for exhibitionism, flashing trains and giving tourists a thrill by fucking in public as often as they can, and Carol and I have been together on a few lusty occasions when she was in town.

We see them at the nudist camp, which has now divided into at least two camps: one a swingers group and the other a more traditional family group of people who simply don't like to wear clothes.

It's not so bad having a wife who likes to fuck other people, because the sexual benefits are many and I have enjoyed the freedoms as well. Vive La difference.
