
Surprise for Sister
Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>

It was a hot summer day as Madhura made her way to her own two story home in the outskirts of PUNE. It was nice area with all the bungalows and their gardens all around. They had the house about 4 years back and Madhura loved it. Her parents had left that morning for some marriage of their relatives this weekend to Mumbai. They were due to come only late Sunday night leaving Madhura alone for the first time in her young eighteen years. Her brother Mahesh was away with his friends for some party and would be back only in the night to take care of the house. So Madhura would have the house all to herself for sometime now and she liked it. She loved the privacy for some time. 

Reaching home she unlocked the front door and walked into the cool air inside and tossed her purse onto the chair by the door. She sat at the table drinking cold water sipping it slowly and thinking what she will be doing with her freedom. Going to the computer room, she clicked on the family computer and checked her e-mail. Nothing, hmm she stared at the screen for a moment before getting an idea. She quickly typed in the link to one of her favorite sites of erotic stories. She opened up the "new" section and began to scan the titles. Finding one about a brother and sister losing their virginity to each other caught her attention. She began to read. While the thought of incest never entered her mind as a realistic idea it was always there tempting and teasing her. 

                 She couldn't imagine herself really making love to her own brother although he did appear in the majority of her fantasies. His dazzling black eyes could catch the attention of any girl and his jet-black curly  hair and amazing smile topped it off making your heart melt into a puddle. He stood about 5:7 with a fantastic lean athletic body, wheatish colour and one of the biggest cocks Madhura had ever seen. She had accidentally walked in on him getting out of the bath  one day last year. From the brief seconds she saw she guessed he was about 9in. and at least 2 in. in diameter. 

Just the thought of him standing there naked with water running down his body made her pussy tingle and start to dampen. As she went on to read the erotic story her hand slid down unbuttoning her tight jeans she slipped a finger down her panties realizing just how wet she had gotten. She stroked herself a little faster pushing 2 fingers into her tight little cunt. As the story got more erotic and descriptive of what the siblings were doing her breathing got faster and her hand worked herself faster and faster. Just when she felt her orgasm start to build to its release she heard someone clear throat from behind her. Screaming and spinning around in fright she saw Mahesh standing in the doorway. Could this be real? Could her gorgeous brother who she'd just been fantasizing about really be standing there? 

"Well guess I came in at the wrong time" he said, a teasing tone in his voice. His words snapped Madhura back to reality as she realized her fingers were still deep in her soaking wet pussy. 

"I...I...I uh..." She didn't know what to say, her mind spun with a million different thoughts. "Mom and dad aren't home you know" she finally managed to stammer. 

"I know that. I came by to spend some time home with my baby sister this weekend, but I see you're already having fun on your own" He hadn't been able to take his eyes off of his little sister's hand inside her panties. 

"I'm sorry, I...I..got carried away." being completely embarrassed and the tears starting to flow she ran past him and up the stairs to her room. Throwing herself face first onto her bed she began to cry uncontrollably. What would he do, would he tell their parents? Would he think she was disgusting and never want to spend time with her again? Would things be awkward between them now? She had no idea how she'd ever be able to face him again. After a few minutes she heard a soft knock on her door. Knowing it was Mahesh she tried to wipe away her tears and mumbled a "come in" to him. He stepped into the doorway looking at her for a moment. Walking toward the bed he sat down beside her and rested a hand in her soft blonde hair as she turned away from him. 

"Madhura" he started softly, "it's ok, and you don't have to feel bad. It's really not a big thing. Everyone plays with himself or herself from time to time, you weren't doing anything wrong. I'm sorry I walked in though, I guess I should have knocked first." 

She turned to face him tears still clinging to her cheeks and eyelashes. "I just feel so stupid" she replied still unable to look him in the eyes. He reached down and lifted her chin with his hand so that she was looking directly his eye. 

"Don't feel stupid Madhura, besides I guess we're even now from when you walked in on me in the shower" He grinned that amazing smile and she couldn't help but laugh. . 

"Yeah I guess you're right brother, besides I think I got the better end of the deal anyway" She stated slyly. 

They stared at each other for a minute more then without another word said, Mahesh slowly leaned over his sister  until his lips met her lips. Kissing her softly his hand still holding her chin. Finally breaking the kiss Madhura pulled back looking at him, "What are you doing?" 

"I'm sorry" he stammered, "I can't help it, you're just so beautiful and I felt really bad about what happened while you were frigging yourself ." He kissed her again this time more passionately, enjoying the feel of her soft sweet lips against his. This time she didn't resist and kissed him back slowly snaking her tongue into his mouth and caressing his tongue lightly with hers. They sat there kissing until finally Mahesh's hand slid down Madhura's arm and started to unbutton her blouse. 

"Wait...we shouldn't be doing this" she pulled back slightly. "It wouldn't be right since you're my brother" 

"I don't care Madhura, I love you and I haven't been able to stop thinking about you for years now and how wonderful you are. My little sister has really grown into a beautiful young woman" He kissed her again and started to once again pull away her shirt. This time her hands found the back of his neck and pulled him into her more. 

He slowly removed her shirt and brushed the palm of his hand across her firm left breast. Releasing the front catch of her bra he pushed it from her shoulders revealing the most amazing breasts he'd ever seen, which until now had only been on TV and magazines. She began to seductively suck on his ear as his thumbs rubbed over her nipples feeling them grow hard under his touch, lightly pinching and twisting them between his fingers. She moaned softly and pulled off his shirt as well, kissing and sucking his neck, ears, and lips. 

Mahesh kissed his way down his sister's neck and to her chest trailing his tongue around each breast before finally making contact with her left nipple. He sucked it between his lips flicking it with his tongue giving it a gently bite every few seconds. Madhura's hands began to explore his body, feeling his firm smooth chest, pinching his nipples, across his strong stomach finally coming to rest on the growing bulge in his pants. She slowly stroked it through his jeans and heard him moan his approval into her breast. He then let his tongue wander down her flat tummy laying her on her back on the bed. He slowly pushed down her jeans along with her soaked panties. Her fingers ran through his hair and he parted her legs and kissed up and down her inner thighs getting closer and closer to her sweet pussy. He licked her slowly across her outer folds then let his tongue start darting into her, tasting how sweet and wet she was. Going in deeper and deeper he twisted his tongue trying to go as far as possible. Looking up at her beautiful face he could see she had her eyes closed as a blissful smile spread across her lips. Hearing moans of pleasure escape her lips he flicked his tongue across her hard little clit causing her body to jerk and her to push her hips towards his mouth. With his tongue going in and out of her pussy and lightly biting at her clit it didn't take long to receive the reaction he was hoping for. Within minutes her whole body was shaking and she thighs closed tight around his head as he tasted her sweet juices flowing freely into his mouth as she experienced her first orgasm by a man, but not just any man, her own brother. 

As her orgasm slowly faded he stepped back to look at his younger sister. Her soft brown hair was spread about her face and her bright black  eyes looked intently into his. Her firm 36C breasts stood proudly with hard inch long nipples pointing toward the ceiling. His eyes wandered down her flat stomach and to her glorious smooth shaved pussy that he had just moments again been licking and sucking. He finished his tour of her body with the contours of her long shapely legs and tight around bottom. 

"My god sis" he whispered, "You are the most beautiful sexy woman I have ever seen in my life." She smiled at him and held out her hand to him. Dropping his pants and boxers he climbed back on the bed on top of her. Moving between her legs, his full rock hard 9 inch cock resting against her wet pussy he leaned down kissing her passionately again. 


"Wait" she stopped him, breaking the kiss. "I've never done this before" she looked down shyly suddenly feeling very young and immature. 

He brushed a lock of hair from her face and whispered softly "neither have I, I'll be gentle I promise." And with that she was kissing him passionately with her arms around his body pressing her breasts into his chest. He eased her thighs apart with his knees and rubbed his cock up and down her pussy lips coating it with her juices. Slowly he pushed just the tip in stopping to look at her. "Are you sure?" he asked. 

"Yes big brother, please make love to me." And with that he moved forward getting more and more of himself into her velvety grasp. She was so tight having never been invaded like this before. Getting about halfway in he finally felt the resistance. He told her to take a deep breath and hold on to him tight, he'd try not to hurt her. With that said he pulled back and thrust quickly into her tearing through her virginity and pushing fully into her depths. She gasped from the pain and tears formed in the corners of her eyes. He lay perfectly still inside of her waiting for her to adjust to his size. Kissing her eyelids he apologized for the pain and told her how much he loved her. 

After another few minutes she slowly raised her hips meeting his to tell him she was ready. He pulled back leaving just the tip inside of her and slowly pushed back in. Her legs were soon around his waist and he moved in and out of her a little faster with each thrust. She moaned in complete pleasure with each thrust, squeezing her pussy tightly around his throbbing cock each time. Her body shook as one intense orgasm after another swept through her body. In mere minutes he could feel his balls begin to tighten and told her he was about to cum. With one final thrust deep into his little sister he held himself in her depths as his cock erupted into several hard blasts of cum. 

Feeling him shoot his hot load into her she moaned loudly pushing her over the edge over another intense orgasm of her own. She briefly worried about him cumming inside of her without protection, wondering if she might get pregnant, but the thought was pushed aside by the amazing sensations she was feeling. Finally they both started to come down from their highs, his cock softening and slipping from her tight wet grasp. They lay besides each other for a long time without speaking, her head against his chest, listening to him breathing, hearing his heartbeat, his arms wrapped warmly around her. As they both began to drift off to sleep happy and fully satisfied he leaned down kissing her on the top of the head. I love you he whispered. I love you too she replied.
