            "Katie and the Strange Nieghbor"
            by Pedro Vila


   Katie was a recent immigrant from Russia to the US. Here for just three years, she spoke perfect English, which was quite an accomplishment for the olive skinned seven year old. Her folks spoke hardly any English at all.
   She got to know many American girls on her block, most of whom were her age, and played with them often. But there was one younger girl, Madison, two doors down that she'd sometimes play with. Sometimes the girls father made her nervous. Madison's mother ran a day care for pre-school children and would frequently take off on errands, leaving her father in charge of the kids.
   He was there again today.
   "Hi, Katie. How's it going?" he said.
   Katie turned to see him standing behind her with a big grin on his chubby face. There was something about the way he was looking at her. She became conscious of her shirt being short and her tanned belly button showing. She tried to tug her shirt down. "Um, hi Mr. Oswald." she said back, trying to be polite.
   "I really like your pants. You look good in them. I don't think they're too small for you."
   Katie looked down at her new jeans. They were tie died blue jeans and she'd had them for a year. They were getting too small for her, but she liked them a lot. Now she wasn't so sure about them.
   "Do you want to come in for some cookies? Madison would really like to play with you in her room."
   "Yes! Come on!" said little five year old Madison, running inside.
   Katie didn't move from the yard. "I can't. My parents said they don't know you very well. I can't go in anybodies house unless they know them."
   The adult man towering over her never lost his smile. "Oh, that's okay. But you know there are all kinds of kids here. You'd be safe in my house."
   Madison came back to the door and yelled, "Come on! Let's play!" Katie did want to play, and Madison's father was right. They took care of all kinds of kids. They wouldn't be one of those scary people who did bad things. Katie looked back at her own house and saw that nobody was looking. She then went in with Madison.
   Inside, there were no kids at all and this made Katie nervous. Madison led her to her room and then plopped down to start playing with a doll house. It was a nice big doll house and Katie dove in right away. But it wasn't long before she became aware of Madison's dad standing there at the doorway watching them.
   She stared back at him with her soft brown eyes, feeling uneasy.
   He said, "You know, Katie, You are going to be a beautiful girl when you get older. Do you know that?"
   "No." Katie answered.
   "I mean it. I just can't keep my eyes off of you." He was still grinning. Katie saw his teeth and suddenly pictured a wild animal, ready to attack.
   All she could do was to go on playing and ignore him. He said a few more comments to her, trying to draw her out, but she didn't look at him or answer anything that didn't need one. He stayed there for the whole hour she was playing with Madison.
   Finally, Katie felt that it was time to go. Madison's father said, "No. You can stay as long as you like. We enjoy having you over." Katie headed for the door anyway. Madison got up and suddenly hugged her. Katie felt real warmth from the smaller child and said she'd come back again and play some other time.
   Then her father said, "Don't I get a hug too?" Katie walked past him and he gave a mock pout, but he didn't seem really hurt by it.
   Katie didn't remember too much about Russia. It was dirtier and seemed more crowded, but all of her memories seemed to fade already. She did remember her own papa tell her about all of the unwanted kids roaming the streets, and stories of bad things happening to them. She also remembered him telling her to tell him if anybody followed her or tried to touch her where they weren't supposed to.
   She didn't know where Madison's dad fit in though. He didn't follow her or try to touch her anyplace. In fact, he seemed to not actually have done anything to suggest that he might be a bad guy. It was just a feeling that she had, and she might be wrong about him.
   America was a different place.
   She decided to tell her father later anyway. He would know if Madison's father was a bad man. Until he got home she did her homework, then her chores. Her teenaged sister came home and then promptly left with another Russian boy from her church. Katie wouldn't see them again for the rest of the night.
   Her father came home late from work. He was a big man who worked very hard for very little. He bathed Katie and then got her ready for bed.
   It was as he was drying her off that she asked about the neighbor man and told about everything that happened.
   The big man stopped for a moment but didn't say anything. Then he finished drying Katie and got her into her night shirt and brushed her hair.
   Katie waited for an answer but it never came. Finally, she said, "Papa. Is he a bad man? Should I be careful?"
   Papa looked solemn and stared for a bit. Then he said, "No, my little peachka. I don't think he'll hurt you."
   "But why do you think he was staring at me like that?"
   "Why do YOU think?"
   They walked to the bed room. She said, "I think he wants to touch me."
   Papa lifted the covers for her. "Do you want him to touch you?"
   Katie slid in. "No. I'm not his little girl. I'm your little girl." She said with conviction.
   Papa smiled and slid in bed next to her. There was a moment of getting settled in, then Katie climbed up onto Papa's ample chest and straddled him, facing. She planted her nose into his hairy chest and breathed in fully. "I really love you Papa. Thank you for getting us here." Papa chuckled.
   "No problem." he said, putting his hands on her back. "You feel like playing?"
   Katie's eyes sparkled and she bit her lip. Then, "Hey. You should eat me. It's your turn." as her mood changed.
   "How about we do upside down?" was his compromise. Katie was still biting her lip, but she was smiling too.
   Then her head disappeared under the blanket, bumped a little, then bore a beautifully shaped bottom, opened and thigh spread in front of Papa like a sudden bloom. Katie's face went down to her fathers special place just for her and began to kiss him there. He reacted largely.
   Katie suddenly felt his tongue on her and felt especially pleased at having gotten her way, since it was actually her turn to do him. She decided that maybe she'd let him try her still small love pocket like he was loving right then.
   Maybe she'd be able to fit him now.
   Katie let herself go and she tried to take as much of him into her mouth as she could. She wiggled her head and swallowed. It was pretty deep for her.
   Papa leaned his head back and said something she didn't understand. Katie coughed him up and looked back at him. A gob of saliva still connected her with the end of Papa, coming from the back of her throat. She said, "Make me real wet." Papa snapped two and understood. She might let him try again tonight. It might be time for her to grow up.
   He probed his tongue deep into her and found her already wet. She snuggled down for more of him and he tried to tongue deeper into her, swishing it around to get it a little more elastic. He placed his strong hands on her hips with his thumbs poking to her pubic bone and mashed her hard onto his face, sinking his tongue as deep as it could go.
   Katie started and the dick popped out of her mouth with a loud noise. Papa's teeth were touching her little button and stimulating her. She felt herself begin to open. Suddenly the tongue filled out inside of her and she felt herself stretch in a hungry way.
   Both parties knew what it meant.
   Papa scooted to the head board and propped himself up. Katie got up, breathing heavy. Papa stood before her from his special place just for her and Katie saw it in a less intimidating way. It was still big, but she thought she might be able to handle it right then, if she didn't wait.
   So Katie straddled Papa and he held her by the middle with his huge hands, guiding her to their special connection. The front of her pocket yielded a few inches and then it seemed that he was hitting bone. He couldn't get even an inch of progress with all of her wiggling. Katie wasn't looking too sure right then either.
   He reach under her and did his best to spread her lips with his big fingers which seemed to help some. Katie started to feel something different from inside of her. She began to panic and clamped tighter.
   Papa looked worried and said, "No, no. You have to relax. Just relax yourself. Give it a chance." Katie nodded.
   Fingers spread her again and she slid down just a tiny bit. It seemed that she could stretch a little bit more, but it felt like she was stretching too far inside already also. At least that's what she thought when the first sharp pain hit her. Katie winced.
   Then he entered her just a little more and the sharp pain grew constant. Katie couldn't handle it and jumped off. The mood for her was totally ruined by then. She began to cry and say, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry." To which Papa held her and patted her back, telling her everything was alright.
   Katie held him and soon felt better. She yawned and was about to fall asleep when she felt there was unfinished business and started awake again. "Papa. What about the man down the street?" She asked.
   Papa sighed and said, "I talk to him tomorrow. He won't bother you after that."

   <END>