Fantasy - Lily The Stripper
by MissEmmaS

A fantasy of mine, where I strip for a coworker.

Hi everyone! This is Emma, here with my second story. This is one of my fantasies, so it hasn't actually happened, but never say never! I love being able to share these stories on here, anonymously, for others to hopefully enjoy. Please, I would love to hear your thoughts on this fantasy of mine, either in the public comments or private.

PS. I know this would probably never be allowed in an actual strip club, so I apologize for any inaccuracies that I've written, but it's my fantasy so what I say goes :P

I got interested in pole dancing after my first year of university, where during the summer my girl friends and I had signed up for classes on a whim as a fun way to spend time together. I found it incredibly sensual and expressive, and I really got into it! I loved how my body felt as I flew above the ground, so different from my normal life. My friends all dropped it, dismissing it as a fun time filler during the long summer days, but I kept going, signing up for more classes when I had time.

I'm an athlete, a former swimmer and current triathlete. Working out my whole life has toned my body, giving me strong shapely legs, a heart shaped ass, and a flat tummy. My breasts are not huge because of my low body fat, but they are perky and a perfect handful. I have large expressive hazel eyes, and full lips that can form into a dazzling smile, or a sultry smirk.

I rarely go crazy on the makeup, opting for a more natural look, and while my hair is longer than when I was in university, it still rarely grows past my shoulders.

All of this is up to here is true. Naturally, my thoughts turned to what it would be like to use my talents at an actual strip club. Here starts my fantasy.

There is a strip club on the edge of the city that I stumbled upon when they were looking to hire some girls. A question burned in me. What would if feel like, turning this hobby that I had into something more? What would it feel like to display myself to a crowd of lusty men and women? I knew I needed to try it, but also that I didn't want anyone familiar stumbling in and seeing me. A disguise was necessary. Because my hair is usually so short, it was easy to find a wig that I could wear. I settled on a flowing wavy dark red one, which came down to to my shoulder blades. I bought green contact lenses to cover my hazel eyes, and painted a beauty spot, a la Cindy Crawford, on my cheek. I also bought a roll of temporary tattoos, all of the same design. It was of a lily, medium sized, which I applied to my right shoulder. I practiced my English accent until I could pass as a sexy british girl, learned how to put on a different level of makeup, and stepped into the strip club as Lily, the sultry redhead from London.

I love it there. The extra money isn't what keeps me going back. I love using my dancing talents, expressing my sexuality on stage and eliciting cheering yells and lusty gazes. I love becoming someone else, able to leave behind my day-to-day life and become something different and exciting. I usually dance on Fridays and Saturdays, and I am addicted to it.

On a certain Friday afternoon, I finish up with the part of a project I'm working on, shut down my computer, and pack up my stuff. It's been a rough week at the marketing company I work for, and I can't wait to release some steam. As I'm on my way out the door, I wish everyone a good weekend. Mike looks like he's sticking around a little while longer, and distractedly waves at me as I pass his office. Mike has been my manager for the past year, and he's been the best boss I've ever had. He's also one of the most attractive men I've ever met, and I admit I definitely have a bit of a work crush on him! Never mix business and pleasure though, am I right?

I get home, and it's time for Lily to make her appearance. I jump in the shower, and as the hot water cascades over my body and the steam begins to fill the bathroom, I can't help thinking about what it would be like to dance for Mike. My hands absentmindedly run over my body, caressing my skin as I imagine him watching me on stage, watching me strip down to nothing. My body is tingling, and I need to snap out of it, I need to be there on time!

I hop out of the shower, dry off, and moisturize my skin until it is soft and supple. I put on my wig, making sure that if falls in wavy curls over my shoulders, and "tattoo" myself with my signature lily. I apply my makeup, going with bluegreen eyeshadow and dark eyeliner to make my eyes pop, add some blush to my cheeks, and a dark red lipstick. I paint on my beauty mark and pop in my contacts, then examine myself in the mirror. Perfect! I look like an entirely different person. I slip into my lingerie. I'm wearing a thin sheer green lace panty and bra set, basically completely transparent. I throw some yoga pants and a tank top over that for now, with my club clothes in my bag, and head off into the night.

As I enter the club and walk through to the dressing room in the back, I check out the crowd tonight. I gasp as I see at one of the tables, a bunch of the guys from my department at work! Shit shit shit shit. And among them is Mike, my work crush! What are they doing here?! I take a deep breath and close my eyes, counting to ten. This is why I created this disguise. This is why I'm Lily here, and not Emma. It's time to find out if all of my precautions are worth it.

I change into my outfit for tonight: black fishnet stockings, cutoff jean shorts, a black bra and matching panties, and a short leather jacket with fuck me heels. I peek through the curtain to let the DJ know I'm ready, and scan the crowd. Shit shit shit, Mike and my coworkers have moved to the front row, right at the edge of the stage!

Pep talk time. I slap my cheeks and take a few deep breaths.

"They don't know you're here, and they'll never suspect it's you after this show! And if you're gonna go out, go out with a bang! I know what I'm going to do. I'm going to go right at them. I'm going to DARE them to recognize me!"

I hear the mic pop on, and the DJ begins.

"All right all you rowdy boys and girls, the next dancer coming up is a hot little number hailing from London! She's fiery, she's feisty, she's a fox, let's give it up for our favourite girl from across the pond, LLLLIIIIILLLLYYYY"

I burst through the curtain with a sexy sneer on my face to an upbeat, fast song. I'm not here to take prisoners tonight. My routine is fast and frenetic. I whirl around the pole, feeling the energy in the crowd increase as i show them what my body can do. I shrug my jacket off, and it falls to the ground as I throw myself into spins and twirls, using the pole to defy gravity. I feel powerful as I work my body through my routine, losing myself in the flow. As my song nears its end, I slide down the pole until I land on the stage. I roll over onto my back, and unbutton my jean shorts. I lift my ass and slowly peel the shorts off and down my long legs. I can feel the energy in the room rise again, and can feel all of the eyes in the club on me. I'm in nothing but my fishnets, black bra and black panties. I roll over and crawl to where I know Mike is sitting. He's cheering loudly, and is watching as I approach. I look for any signs of recognition, but his eyes are firmly on my body, enjoying the view. I sit up in front of him. As I bounce on my knees I reach back and unhook my bra, giving him a questioning look and a smirk. He wants it, I can see, but just then the song ends. This was my warmup, and I won't dance again for another little bit. I wink at him, blow a kiss, rehook my bra, and make my way back to the dressing room.

I peal off the black bra and panties, and ease back into the sheer lace set. I pull on a black miniskirt that reaches high on my thighs and a sleeveless, low cut green halter top that exposes most of my stomach, held together with four buttons. I keep my fuck-me heels on. As I leave the dressing room, the bartender immediately hands me my drink, a gin and tonic. I thirstily down it, partly to cool down and partly for courage. I know where I'm going. I know who I want to see, no matter how much danger there could be.

I approach Mike as he's sitting with a few of our work mates. They've moved from the front row to a booth, and are laughing and drinking. I walk behind him, and trail my finger along his broad shoulders, admiring his physique. He turns to see me, and grins his broad grin that I find so intoxicating. This is the moment where everything can come apart, but he still doesn't seem to recognize me now that I'm up close. The others mainly seem to be checking out my body, and I'm ok with that. They don't interest me.

I put on my sexy british accent. "What does a girl have to do to get a drink around here?"

"You just have to show up." He smiles, and indicates a drink he had sitting on the table in front of him. "I was hoping you'd come see me after giving me such a show, and I asked the bartender what your drink of choice was." He looks a little embarassed, but I find it adorable.

"Well, what a gentleman! You do know how to treat a lady." He is sitting on the outside of the booth, so it is easy to slip in beside him. I take the offered drink, and nestle close to him. He smells wonderful, fresh and manly. I take a sip of my drink. Gin and tonic, but with the good gin! I smile and thank him. He drops an arm behind me on the back of the booth, being a gentleman and not touching me, but I reach back and grab it and pull it down onto my shoulder. His look of surprise is priceless, and I like having him on the defensive. It's fun to be Lily, so confident and flirty!

I lean in close to him, so my mouth is right next to his ear. "I know you like what you saw," I whisper, "and I'd like to show you more. MUCH more" I say as I trace a finger along the hem of my crop top, over my cleavage. "Are you interested?"

I'm being so forward, and expect any second that Mike will realize this is shy Emma from work, but all he does is nod and say "lead the way."

I take his hand and lead him down the hall to one of the private rooms, making sure to sway my hips a little extra for his admiring eyes. I can feel his stare at my mini-skirt covered ass like a physical touch, and it's turning me on, knowing I have this effect on him. I feel a strange power, knowing that I hold this over him, this forbidden knowledge of who he is, while he seemingly knows nothing of me other than as this object of desire.

I look over my shoulder shyly at him, biting my lower lip as I push open the door and pull him into the darkened room. There are faint overhead lights and LED track lighting around the edges of the room, increasing the intimacy through dim light and shadow. There is a single leather loveseat in the centre of the room, padded and big enough for two. There is a tablet on a small table in the corner that controls the music.

I lead him to the loveseat, and gently push him down onto it, giving him a wink as I turn to glide over to the table. It's purposefully set up low, so I bend over from the waist to bring up the music app. The miniskirt pulls up my thighs, and I can feel once again his eyes all over my body, devouring every inch of skin showing. I love it.

"Do you have any requests?" I purr.

"No, you're the expert. I'm at your mercy here." I can tell he's impatient to get started, to pick up where I left off on the stage. I don't blame him. He truly is at my mercy in this room. I hold all the power in here, and it's intoxicating to hear the need in his voice.

I pick a playlist of slow, thumping beats. The stage is for up-tempo energy. In here, it's about grace and flow. I want to show him how my body can move, how it can writhe and curve. I want him to think of how my body will feel against him.

The music starts, and I straighten, still with my back to him. I begin to sway, reaching my hands above my head, getting into the rhythm of the music. I slowly run my fingers down my arms, through my hair, over my shoulders, down my sides. I rest them on my hips for a second, before slightly spreading my legs and continuing down, bending at the waist as I trace my fingers down my thighs and calves. The position pulls my skirt up even higher, and I can feel the bottom of my ass peek into view. I turn back to look at him over one shoulder, and slowly raise up again, still swaying my hips. He is entranced, staring at where the edge of the skirt has risen up.

"Do you like what you see? I ask teasingly, turning to face him while again raising my hands above my head and closing my eyes, feeling the music.

"Fuck yes. You are gorgeous! You would look better over here on my lap though." I laugh, the forwardness of him familiar. He's like this in our normal lives too, cheeky but to the point. It's one of the things I love about him.

"Have some patience, Darling! It's just getting started." I drawl in my accent. I bring my hands down, this time tracing them down my neck, to my breasts. I cup them, letting out a slow moan as I push them up. My nipples are rock hard, showing through both the flimsy bra and the crop top I'm wearing. I pinch them, gently rolling them in my fingers, and can't help but drop my head back and moan again. They are so sensitive! I'm really letting the situation get to me. I'd better be careful. My hands continue down and run over my flat bare belly, down over my skirt, and hitching the bottom, slowly drag it up a little until it's sitting just under the V of my mound. My legs are on display, and he's eating it up. I can see a tent in his pants, and his hand is hovering near his lap, the temptation to touch himself so strong he has to physically fight it.

I take one step, two steps, three, and then I'm right in front of him. I put a hand on each of his legs, pushing them apart and moving between them, before dropping into a deep squat with my legs together so my head is even with his crotch. I arch my back and slowly, slowly begin to rise up, curling into him, my breath heating up the bulge in his pants before running my breasts over it, then up his chest, and up to his face. My hands wrap around his head, and gently pull it into my cleavage, rounding my shoulders so my breasts press around his head. I can feel his breath on my upper chest above the crop top, and I'm so sensitive that I feel my skin prickle into goosebumps. His lips purse into a kiss, and I feel the slight suction before I back away a step, wiggling a finger at him.

"Uh uh uh, you bad boy! You have to wait for that!" I admonish him, with just a hint of amusement in my voice to not discourage him TOO much. I turn around then, and lower my ass into his lap. I roll my hips, feeling my cheeks rubbing on his bulge. I move up and down, so it is rubbing between the cleft of my ass, and I hear him grunt at the contact. It feels amazing for me too, and I can feel the dampness between my legs, beginning to soak into my panties. I lean back so I am resting against his chest, and lay my head on his shoulder so our lips are almost touching. I gaze into his eyes, and he stares right back. His eyes are clouded with lust, and I can tell he's holding himself back, ever the gentleman. I smile at him, still grinding on him, and reach down to grab his hands. I place them the bare skin of my tummy, and slowly guide them up to my breasts. I want to break this gentleman.

"You can touch them if you like" I whisper, and he doesn't need a second invitation. He gently cups them. His massive hands can cover them, and I feel his fingers close over my nipples. Lightning flashes behind my eyes and I involuntarily open my mouth and gasp, arching my tits into his hands and closing my eyes. He is good! I have to get a hold of myself again! I open my eyes, and see that he is smirking. He knows the effect he is having on me. This won't do. I'm in control here.

I sit up, pulling away from him, and stand up, arching so my ass raises up into his face, and take a step away, turning towards him again.

"Do you want to see more?" I tease, running my hands up and down the buttons of my crop top while keeping my hips swaying.

"More than anything in my life right now" he answers hungrily.

I smile at him, looking into his eyes as I pop the first button, then the second. I pull the opening I've made wider, and the upper slopes of my breasts are entirely on display. I see that he has lost his mental battle as his hand is now resting firmly on his bulge, gently rubbing, and his eyes are transfixed on my chest. The next button pops, and now my transparent green lace bra is uncovered. I look at him questioningly as my fingers hover over the last button, silently asking if he'd like this one undone too. He nods once, transfixed, and I slowly pop it, arching my back and letting my head roll to the ceiling as I let the top slide off my arms and down my body onto the floor. The bra is not meant to cover or push up, it is meant to tease and titillate. My breasts are clearly visible as the thin lace caresses them. He can see the slight upcurve to them, the small pink aereolae, and the incredibly stiff nipples, begging for fingers to squeeze them and a mouth to suck on them. I bend over and push my shoulders forward, shimmying them as my breasts push together and form my beautiful cleavage. I keep looking at him, and his jaw is clenched, eyes fixed upon my display. I smile, knowing I have control back now.

Once again, I move forward between his legs, and lean down to whisper in his ear.

"I hope this isn't too much for you! I hope you're still enjoying yourself," I laugh softly, and before he can react I gently nip his ear lobe. I can feel him shudder, and before he can stop himself he's reaching for me, but I'm already spinning away, continuing my dance and grinning smugly.

I stop with my back to him, and hook my fingers under the edge of the skirt again. This time I don't stop, and pull it over my heart shaped ass until I am holding it above my swaying hips. He can see the matching green lace thong, the thin fabric disappearing into my cleft. I bend over and shake my ass at him, and I know he can see the scrap of fabric covering my pussy now. I straighten, turn around, and reach to the side clasp on the skirt. I unclip it, and quickly pull the skirt away from my body and above my head as I twirl around gracefully. I finish facing him, and let it flutter down to the floor. I can see where his gaze is focused, and I look down as well. The sheer delicate lace is like the bra, accentuating more than covering. I can see my perfectly smooth slit, framed by my outer lips, and the delicate V of my thighs. Is the fabric a little darker over my slit? I run my hand down and over my mound, and am surprised at how damp my panties are! I run my middle finger up the center of me, and tingles flow through my body and a rush of heat runs through me. I gently ease my hand into the top of my panties, pushing into them, and part my lips. He can see everything through the fabric, and I know it. I pull my finger, now coated in my juices, up over my clit, and electricity shoots through my veins! I gasp, and my thighs tremble, and once again I'm on the verge of losing control. I look at this man, this incredibly attractive man who knows me in my day-to-day life, but is now looking at me with a look of hunger, of want, of NEED, that it makes me want to immediately give myself to him. I need to keep playing the game though.

I approach him once more, and when he looks up to my face, I extend my middle finger, the one coated in my sex, towards him. He eagerly takes it into his mouth, sucking, licking it clean, while staring into my eyes. It's one of the most erotic things I've ever seen in my life.

I withdraw my finger, and turn so my smooth back is to him again. My hands reach for my shoulders, and slowly push the bra straps down my arms. I cup my breasts as I lower down, and ask "would you do the honours?" I arch my back to offer the bra clasp to him. I feel it instantly go loose. He must have unclasped it one handed, with such surety!



"Thank you darling" I coo, as I turn back around still holding the bra to my chest.

"Trust me, the pleasure is all mine" he answers huskily.

I know what he wants, and my arms begin to lower. The cups of the bra catch on the points of my breasts for a second, then pull off, causing them to bounce upward briefly. I extend an arm and drop the bra to the floor, before moving forward in between his legs again. I pull his head into my cleavage, this time skin to skin, and use my hands to push my tits together around his head. He remembers my chastising from last time, and looks up to me for guidance. I love it. I love how he respects me at this moment. It deserves a reward.

I smile, and nod. I can feel his smile through my skin, the slight rub of his five o'clock shadow, and suddenly he is kissing my bare breasts! I pull back a little as my hand reaches down to rub his cock through his pants, and give him access to my nipples. He obliges, and takes one in his mouth. Applying suction, he runs his tongue all around my nipple before sucking hard. It feels incredible! A gasp explodes out of me, and all of a sudden I can't control my breathing. I begin to pant. He switches to my other nipple, and I can feel his hand running circles on my upper thigh, and tracing the band of my panties towards my pussy. I should stop him, as this kind of touching is not permitted, but I'm quickly reaching the point where I don't care anymore. I spin around, and plant my ass over his bulge again, gyrating my hips slowly to feel the full contact. His pants are rough against my soft skin, and I love the feel of it.

I rest my back against his strong chest and run my hands through his hair, and I realize my eyes have closed when I feel rather than see his hands come up and cup my naked breasts. He pinches my nipples again, and this time I give up trying to hide how it makes me feel, as shocks travel from my nipples, through my body, and down to my molten core... I arch my tits into his hands, wanting more, and he obliges. He seems to know exactly what I like, tracing his fingertips along the undersides of my breasts and scraping his nails across the sensitive flesh of my upper chest until once again he's at my nipples, squeezing, rolling, gently pulling them away from my body.

I am grinding on his cock, head thrown back, when he starts to kiss my vulnerable neck.

"I hope this isn't too much for you, and that you're still enjoying yourself!" He suddenly whispers into my ear, repeating my own teasing words back to me, and he sucks my earlobe into his mouth and nips it!

I moan, a long, high pitched whine of total need and abandon. "Ooooooh!" I've lost the control I had over him, and he knows it. I need to get away, to regroup! At that moment, I feel one of his hands leave my breast and push inside my barely there panties! He inserts his middle finger into my sopping pussy, and I am so wet that he is able to instantly bury it all the way to his knuckle!

I cry out, my hand flying down to stop it, but he's already curling his finger inside me, somehow easily finding the sensitive, spongy area on the front wall of my pussy, and begins rubbing. My hand ends up only clutching his arm, urging him on, as my cries become breathy and ongoing. "Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh! Oh! Ohhhhh!" I try to stay quiet, and hope the music is loud enough to block out my cries from anyone listening outside.

His other hand is still at work on my breast, and his mouth and lips are all over my neck, licking, biting and sucking.

I know I'm about to cum. An incredible pressure is building as he continues to massage inside of me, and if he keeps going, I'm going to explode! My thighs begin to clench together. I am panting, shaking, totally at his mercy, but I manage to cry out, "S..stop! P...pl..please stop!"

He stops immediately. His finger is still inside me, and I yearn for him to continue. I am draped back over him, eyes closed, breath coming in heavy gasps, breasts shaking with each exhale. But he stopped when I asked. I open my eyes and look at him, and he is looking at me questioningly, but at the same time a little confused. I know suddenly that in the throes of my passion I had lost my English accent. It probably wasn't super noticeable in the heat of the moment, but I have to get his mind off of it and back to more... important things.

I start to get my breathing back under control, and push forward and off him onto legs shaking almost too hard to stand.

"You really are a naughty boy, but oh, are you good at being naughty" I say, regaining my accent. "I think you've earned a prize, don't you think?"

I drop down to my knees, and unbuckle his belt and undo his pants with practiced motions.

"Wait, hold on, is this allowed?" He sounds panicked.

I laugh, a light airy sound, and say "You're worried about decorum now, naughty boy, after what you just did?"

I pull down his pants and boxers in one go, and his cock springs out! It is long and thick, circumcised, with a large head. I start to gently stroke it, and my hand can just barely fit around it. I slowly lower my mouth over the head and envelop it. My tongue flicks out and teases the ridge under the head. I can taste the precum, and realize, perhaps unsurprisingly, that he is having just as much fun as I am!

He tenses up as I continue to lick the underside of his cock and I can feel it jump in my mouth as I hit a sensitive spot. I slowly, slowly, start to push my mouth down.

"Holy shit, holy fuck! Your mouth feels incredible!" It is his turn to throw his head back and groan as I start to move my mouth up and down, tongue swirling and hand stroking. My other hand gently squeezes his balls, rolling them in my hand. He reaches for my hair, bunching it up in his hand, and I'm momentarily worried that the wig will come off, but he only uses it to guide my mouth up and down his cock. I am once again moderately in control, but at this point I don't really care anymore. I know I want him inside me, I want to feel the full length of him inside my pussy. I can feel him start to twitch, and I pull my mouth back.

"Why are you stopping?" But he understands as I stand up and push my panties off my hips, and onto the ground.

"This is definitely not allowed, but at this point I just can't help myself!" I tell him as I straddle his lap and lower myself onto his cock.

Oh fuck, it feels so good! I can feel it push past my outer muscles and start filling me, stretching me. It keeps pushing in and in. I feel every ridge on his cock rubbing inside me, driving me crazy. We both gasp as I bottom out on him, and I start to roll my hips with him deep inside me. He grasps my ass, pushing my cheeks together and changing the angle that he is stabbing into me. He is so deep, and the angle is allowing me to rub my clit each time I roll forward. I wrap my arms around his head and pull him close, his mouth again on my neck, as my hips speed up. He makes tiny thrusts from his sitting position, which is enough to hit a spot way in the back of my pussy that sends white hot fire coursing through my body. We are both close, the buildup was too long, and the release is not far off.

I can't help myself. I start to whisper frantically in his ear. "I'm gonna cum baby, I'm gonna cum, I'mgonnacumI'mgonnacum OH SHIIIIIIT!"

My body locks up. Every muscle tightens and I can't breathe. I struggle to keep my hips moving in a fluid motion, but I've lost control now as the incredible orgasm crashes down on me. I see white behind my eyelids as I bite down onto his shoulder to keep from screaming as my body tumbles over the edge. My pussy closes like a vice around his cock, and it's all he needs to fall over as well. I feel him pulsing inside me as I start to shake and shiver as the waves keep coming, collapsing forward against him. It feels like it will never stop. All I can do is hold onto him tightly until my body can come down.

Slowly my body stops shaking, and I start to come around again to him gently stroking my hair.

"That was fucking incredible" he sighs into my ear. "I feel like I might have to come back here more often.... Emma."
