Author: mypenname3000
Title: Corrupted by the Naughty Diary Chapter Six: Convincing the Closeted Slut
Summary: A guidance counsellor is mind-controlled into becoming a slut!
Keywords: mF mFf mc oral exib voy school D/s inter

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Kirrocen for the idea and for beta reading this story! If you liked this story, join my discord to vote and pitch your own! https://discord.gg/CxJgq4Cdqy

When Kristen heard of the new Girls' Success Committee being funded by Mrs. Davenport at her high school, her mind went to such dirty places. It was a program where older girls would mentor a freshman. In fact, Kristen's best friend had been chosen to be the pilot mentor.

Kirsten snuck off to the girl's bathroom as inspiration hit her. She thrust her hand into her panties and rubbed at her cunt, imagining her naughty version of the tale. It so inspired her to write in her journal. She hadn't had a story for two weeks. The last one she had, coincidentally, written about Carter, her big brother, fucking Mrs. Davenport and her twin daughters.

Not that those twin girls she had seen in the mall were actually Mrs. Davenport or that the woman, married to the richest man in town, was a trophy wife slut. But that was the fun of imagining all these dirty stories.

What if Mrs. Davenport really called this the Girls Suck Dick and Titties Committee? thought the naughty girl as she frigged her pussy. And that's why Natalie was chosen. Mrs. Davenport knows she's Carter's girlfriend. After all, she's been having Carter fuck her married cunt ever since.

This new idea burned in Kristen. This new addition to the naughty universe that (she thought) lived only in her imagination on the pages of her special journal. A world where her mother made porn, where her dad sold sex toys and fucked every woman he could, and where Natalie found it hot that Carter did the same.

Kristen came and was ready to write. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When Natalie was told she would be the first mentor of the Girls' Success Committee, she was so thrilled. So when she's summoned to Ms. Kwon's office the next day, she's so eager to learn more about her duties. She's a buzz of joy. 

For the last two weeks, things have been going great for her. She loves thinking about Carter fucking those Davenport twins and their mom all the time. He tells her all about it when he's fucking her. She hasn't realized she's late with her period, that's how much joy she's having.

So it was strange to Natalie when she walked into Ms. Kwon's office and found the guidance counselor looking so nervous. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Natalie Bishop

I was so eager for this new Committee. It was being funded by Mrs. Davenport. She was a big-time philanthropist and also a major slut that ate out her twin daughters and fucked studs. Like my boyfriend Carter and his dad.

Carter had told me all about their first time that Saturday. It was right after we had finally gotten together after our wild, shared dream where he was an ogre and I was an elven princess. We were just so connected after that.

I found it hot that he fucked the trophy wife.

Carter had slid into my pussy and told me all about it as we made love slowly. I wasn't a slut to be fucked like a whore like those women. Oh, no, they were skanks. But me... I was a girlfriend. A future wife. My Carter could fuck who he wanted.

So it was exciting that she was doing something that was so pure and good. Mentoring freshmen girls was important, and I was glad I had been chosen. Ms. Kwon, the guidance counselor, had emailed me last night and asked me to come see her tomorrow.

I reached her office and knocked brightly. It's me, Ms. Kwon.

Enter, she answered, a wavering note to her voice.

I opened the roof to find Ms. Kwon seated at her desk, her hands clapped tightly before her. She was a gorgeous, Korean woman with her black hair pulled up into a bob. She was just about to turn thirty, a refined and polished woman. She always felt so elegant to me in her reserved blouses and long skirts.

She didn't dress to show off her body. I appreciated that.

Her face looked so pale. She licked her lips and shifted in her chair. Her eyes flicked to the brunette woman in the tight and expensive dress, a cream hue that fit her curvaceous body like a glove. It had a diamond cutout that showed off the inner slopes of her impressive bosom. 

Mrs. Davenport? I asked.

She nodded, a smile playing on her lips. Her eyes flicked me up and down. That sent a wicked heat shivering through me. I swallowed. She was such a gorgeous woman. I didn't know what to say or do as I stood here.

But it was wonderful seeing her in person knowing my boyfriend had fucked her slut-wife cunt.
Mmm, I'm so glad Carter's girlfriend is here, Mrs. Davenport said, her eyes darting to the squirming Ms. Kwon. She's just who we need for the Girls Suck Dick and Titties Committee.

Wait, what did she just say?

Her boyfriend is a stud, continued the slutty MILF.

My mind was still struggling to process what she called the committee as Ms. Kwon said, I don't know about this, Mrs. Davenport. Your idea...

What is going on? I asked.

Well, my dear, there are certain women, like myself and my daughters, who are just sluts. She quivered. We want nothing more than to fuck and suck and be used for pleasure. We are all whores who often sink our claws into rich men so we can continue our life of wanton fun. Sadly, some of us never learn the skills we need. Never are mentored to embrace this life at a young enough age. We get tricked into going to college to get an actual degree and not just to be gangbanged by frat bros and the football team.

My cheeks burned at her words.

Who get tricked into thinking they need to get a career. They don't embrace their sluttiness, and so they don't take care of their bodies. Their sexual appetites. They, sadly, let their talents wither. Now, you're a good girl, Natalie. You're the type that can recognize those who are bad. Who are sluts. You can find them when they're freshmen.

And mentor them into being sluts? I asked, still a little confused.

Exactly, Mrs. Davenport purred. That's exactly what you'll do. You'll mentor the little sluts to suck dicks and titties and all other manner of wicked things.

Oh, well, I am all for it! I said, smiling at her. I've started to realize that us good girls have to let our men fuck sluts. It makes the sex even hotter when they come back to us and tell us all about it.

Mmm, he's lucky to have you, purred Mrs. Davenport.

He? Ms. Kwon asked. Then she shook her head. No, no, no, this is going too far. Your donation is very generous, and the trust you'll set up will help out so much, but this... cost is too high.

Natalie, Mrs. Davenport said as she strode to the door, convince her. I'm late for a stag party.

And like that, Mrs. Davenport was gone, leaving me along with Ms. Kwon and no idea how to get the uptight woman to understand. Was she a good girl, or a slut that had never blossomed? I studied the guidance counselor.

You don't think this is a good idea at all? I asked her, wanting to gauge her reaction.

Color blossomed across her cheeks. Of course not. Girls might go wild on their own, but to encourage them to...

Did you ever go wild? 

The teacher shook her head and bit her lower lip. Was that regret? Was she one of those girls who should have gone wild but had been tricked by society to get her degree and get a job and end up as a lowly paid guidance counselor? She was a beautiful woman. She could have been in porn, making so much money. Have an OnlyFans account. 

I needed backup. I pulled out my phone and sent my boyfriend a text. 

So, what's the big deal, Ms. Kwon? I asked her. There are girls that are just whores for real men to fuck. Sluts who do porn and star in movies and strip in clubs. They're not marriage material. They're gold-diggers. Trophy wives. Sluts who go wild in Cancun on Spring Break or in New Orleans on Mardi Gras. We need to mold these wild girls so they can be ready to show their tits for a few shells on a necklace. Ready them for their future of whoredom instead of motherhood.

You can't mean that, gasped Ms. Kwon. Natalie, that's insane. That's not what women should be like. That's a step back. A giant step back.

I smiled at her. Have you ever gone wild, Ms. Kwon?

No!

I didn't think so. You're all so buttoned up. You're not a good girl like me at all, are you?
You can't speak to me like that, she gasped. You're a student.

Of course, I can, I said with complete confidence. I'm a good girl, not a slut like you! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Carter reads that text and knows that Ms. Kwon needs a good fucking.

Natalie wouldn't have called for him if it wasn't true. He trusts his girlfriend. She's the love of his life. He's going to marry her and fuck sluts on the side. Maybe share them with his amazing wife. And it looks like their first threesome was at hand.

Carter's learned a lot from our Dad over the last two weeks. How to identify a slut and get her to spread her thighs for a real man. He has a swagger that he didn't before. He was a nerd, yes, but a nerd who was also a man.

Now it's time to put it to use. He reaches the guidance counselor's office and hears his girlfriend's words as he opens the door. I'm a good girl, not a slut like you.

Carter couldn't fail. Not with Natalie present.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Carter Miller

I opened the door as Ms. Kwon hissed, I am not a slut!

You sure about that? I asked as I closed the door behind me. She was so buttoned up. A Korean beauty with a tight skirt and sweater on. It's modest on the outside, but it's subtly showing off the roundness of her breasts and the curve of her hips.

Yes! she hissed as I moved around the desk, Natalie beaming at me encouragingly. She was so ready to see me make a slut of Ms. Kwon. I would never be a slut who just fucks men at the drop of a hat.

Mmm, you don't? I asked and picked up her phone. I swiped the screen then held it up to her face. The camera saw her and unlocked it for me. Oh, my, is that... Tinder? Do you hook up on a dating app, Ms. Kwon? Do you swipe right on a strange guy, go to his house, and fuck him?

Well... I... Dating is so hard. She squirmed there while I opened her Tinder profile. She had hundreds of swipes. Lots of men were interested. 

My, my, my, almost a different man every night, I said. Do you just go on dates, or do you go back to their place to let them rail you.

I mean... She squirmed.

You fuck a man you don't know after one dinner, gasped Natalie. I've known Carter all my life. I've been best friends with his sister since we were toddlers. I would never have put out on the first date with a stranger. That's what sluts do.

I'm not a slut, protested Ms. Know. It's just... lonely. I'm so busy here at school, and I don't have time to do more.

Yeah, you're just ready to be wild, I said. I mean, listen to this. 'I can't believe what you did last night. That was amazing. When can we get together again? You have a mouth on you.' That's from Gary. And Shane said, 'Wow, that was hot. You came hard when I fingered your asshole. Love to hook up again.'

That is personal, she hissed and grabbed the phone from me. Her cheeks were blushed so dark. You're a student here. This is inappropriate. You need to leave. Right now.

Do I? I asked, arching my eyebrow. Because it sounds like you are in such need. Mmm, just such a need. What do you think, Natalie?

I think she's just the sort of girl that I'm supposed to mentor. She missed out on it. Now... Natalie smiled at me. My sexy girlfriend squirmed. Now it's your chance to show her how to be a slut. To help train her. Then she'll assign me a girl to mentor. And you'll help me with her, won't you?

Of course I will, I told Natalie. That's what boyfriends do. Help their girlfriends out when they're in a bind.

This is going too far, Ms. Kwon said. Get out of my office right now.

I kissed her instead.

She gasped as my lips claimed hers. I gripped the back of her head as she tried to pull away. She whimpered as my tongue thrust into her mouth. She trembled there, trying to fight, but she didn't really put her all into it.

The fight just wasn't in her. She quivered as my tongue thrust into her mouth. She shuddered as I flicked my tongue around in her mouth. She trembled then kissed me back. Her tongue fluttered around in my mouth as she whimpered.

I loved how she kissed me like that. She made out with me with passion now.

Ms. Kwon pressed against me, whimpering like a bitch in heat. She wanted a strong man, and now she felt one. She couldn't help herself. Sluts like her never could. She had bottled hers up. Corked that hot pussy up tight.

She only let herself play at night. On Tinder.

She thought she had herself under control, but no slut really was. They all just waited for the right man to come along and uncork her. My dad's lessons for the last two weeks were paying off now as I slid my hand from the back of her head.

I didn't hold her against me. She didn't pull away.

Natalie watched. I could see her proud smile on her lips out of the corner of my eye as I slid my hands down Ms. Kwon's hips. Then I reached around the guidance counselor's waist. I went right for her ass. I found her plump rump.

I squeezed her ass through her skirt and panties. She groaned and shuddered against me. She kissed me with even more passion. My cock was so hard as I pulled her against my bulge. She felt how big I was.

She moaned even louder.

Ms. Kwon humped against me like a slut in heat. I savored it, my dick throbbing. She wanted me so badly. And I wanted to make her squeal like a whore. To hear her cries of passion echoing through this office while my girlfriend watched on.

I slid my hands from her ass and worked up her blouse. I found her breasts. I squeezed them through her blouse and bra. She tried so hard to hide who she was. No one should have to do that. If she wanted to be a slut, she should be.

I broke the kiss with the teacher. She panted, her hands pushing up her glasses. I smiled at her as I squeezed those nice tits through her cloth. She shuddered, her tongue flicking over her lips. She was so confused by this.

Which made it so enticing.

I... That's... This... 

Shh, I said and moved to the buttons of her blouse. You want to show those tits off, don't you, Ms. Kwon.

I... she croaked.

Just pretend it's Mardi Gras, and I have beads, I said as I worked down her blouse. You're just a slut going wild. Just being who you are, Ms. Kwon.

Uh-huh, groaned Natalie as she watched on with such heat in her eyes.

I worked button after button. The first hint of her bra appeared. A light, sea-green hue with white lace around the edges. I smiled as her breathing quickened. Her breasts rose and feel and I unveiled more and more of her round delights cupped by satin.

I opened her blouse all the way, and she shrugged out of it. I put my hands on her waist, her skin so warm and smooth. I stroked up and down her sides. She quivered there, her eyes so wide behind her glasses.

I nodded.

She reached behind her and fumbled at her own bra clasp. My girlfriend sucked in a surprised breath as Ms. Kwon removed her brassiere. Her round breasts jiggled free, her dark-brown nipples so hard. Just begging to be sucked. I cupped her breasts.v
She moaned and quivered.

I ducked my head down and latched onto one of the guidance counselor's ripe nipples. I engulfed her nub and suckled on her. Ms. Kwon moaned in delight as I did that. She shuddered here as I teased her. She whimpered, her head tossing from side to side as I suckled on her nub. 

She groaned as I loved her.

Carter, she whimpered as I swirled my tongue around her nub.

Oh, yes, honey, my girlfriend said and clapped her hands together. You're doing amazing!

I gripped Ms. Kwon's hips as I suckled on her nipple. I loved the feel of her nub in my mouth It was an exciting moment to swirl my tongue around her nub. She groaned as I did that. I flicked my tongue around her areola.

I suckled hard on her. She gasped, her body bucking. I turned her as I nibbled on her nub with my lips. I pushed her back until she hit her desk. I kept nursing on her nipple. I loved the feel of her in my mouth. She felt so right. So perfect.

My hands stroked her sides. I loved the feel of her skin as I swirled my tongue around her areola. It was such a rush to do that. She whimpered as I did. I loved the sounds she made as my hands slid down to her skirt.

A tight pencil skirt.

Carter, she moaned as I began hiking it. W-what are you doing?

I popped my mouth off of her nipple and said, Why, seeing what sort of panties you have on, Ms. Kwon. Do they match your bra?

She whimpered as I drew her charcoal gray skirt up higher and higher, exposing more and more of her thighs. I loved the sight of her skin. I hiked it up and over her rump. She trembled as I did that, exposing the same sea-green cloth as her bra with white lace around the waistband.

Oh, those are cute, purred Natalie.

Too cute for a slut, I said, dropping to my knees and hooking the waistband. They have to go!

Ms. Kwon gasped as I ripped them off and revealed a landing strip of black hair leading to the shaved folds of her pussy. I smiled at that, the tangy aroma of her pussy filling my nose. She had such a delicious cunt.

She trembled as I ripped the panties all the way down her ankles. She shifted and stepped out of them. That was so nice of her. I tossed them at Natalie as she moved around the desk. She gasped as she handled them.

They're soaked. She held them out. My, my, you are such a slut, Ms. Kwon.

I'm really not, whimpered the guidance counselor.

Then why are you about to beg my boyfriend to eat your whore-cunt? Natalie paused at the desk. Huh? You're quivering for it. So just do it. Say, 'Carter, my whore-cunt is so wet, will you please eat me out?'

She swallowed and stared at my girlfriend then down at me. I... Well...

Say it! Natalie hissed with such command in her voice. We know you're a slut, Ms. Kwon! Embrace it and be happy!

Carter, the guidance counselor moaned, my whore-cunt is so wet, will you please eat me out? Please, please, I'm just so wet. I need your tongue licking me. I need to cum on your mouth. I have to just explode.

Of course I will, slut, I said and slid my hands up her thighs to her hips. I lifted her up and set her on her desk. She quivered, her legs parting so wide her pussy lips split open. I could see into her juicy snatch. I'll make you cum!

I buried my face into her snatch. I tongued at her tangy twat. I licked at the guidance counselor. I shuddered, my back arching. She squealed as I did that. My tongue slid through her folds, gathering up her juices.

Natalie watched on, this proud smile on her lips as I tongued Ms. Kwon's pussy. I licked and lapped at her with all the passion I had. The slut whimpered as my tongue brushed her clit again and again.

She shuddered on my face as I liked at her twat. I devoured her. I wanted to make this slut cum so hard. She deserved to enjoy her passions to the fullest. Being a whore was who she was. It was wrong of her to deny herself.

I would make sure that she never denied herself again.

Carter, she whimpered, her head tossing from side to side. Her round tits jiggled. Oh, yes, Carter.

That's what you need, isn't it? asked my girlfriend 

Yes, gasped Ms. Kwon. I do. Oh, that feels so good. Don't stop licking me. Oh, yes, yes, please don't stop licking me!

I would never stop feasting on this wonderful cunt. I licked at her with hunger. I tongued her with all the passion that I had. She groaned as I licked at her with hunger. She arched her back, her passion echoing through the air.

I flicked my tongue through her folds. She gasped as I did that. I stroked around her tongue. I caressed her, enjoying the way she groaned. Her thighs squeezed about my head. I thrust my tongue into her tangy depths.

She gasped, rubbing her pussy lips on my face. I licked at her with hunger. I savored the way she trembled. Her boobs jiggled as I swirled around in her. She quivered as I feasted on her. It was such a thrill to do that to her.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, wow, that's so good. That's just amazing. Ooh, ooh, you're driving me wild.

Are you going to cum on my boyfriend's mouth? Natalie asked. She moved closer. Are you going to burst like a slut on his lips?

Yes! she moaned as my tongue fluttered around her clit. I stroked her bud. I'll drown him. I'm such a whore. You're right! That's what I am!

I suckled on Ms. Kwon's bud. She gasped and shuddered, her head tossing. Then she bucked and squealed in delight. Her pussy juices gushed out. A flood of her tangy cream spilled out of her. I loved that taste. I savored every moment of gulping down her juices.

I licked and lapped at her with such passion. She shuddered, her body bucking as the rapture surged out of her. She squealed like a whore while I drowned in her cunt cream. I loved every moment of it. Every second of bringing her to this moment.

I'm such a slut! she gasped, her boobs bouncing over my head.

Go, Ms. Kwon, go! shouted my girlfriend. Ooh, you're going wild!

I thrust my tongue into Ms. Kwon's pussy I swirled around in her. I loved how she convulsed around me. She tasted so good. Her juices soaked my mouth. I drowned in them, reveling in her delicious cream.

Her spasms slowed as she trembled. She panted, staring down at me with such heat in her eyes. I knew what was next. What a whore like her needed. I flicked my tongue through her folds and brushed her clit again.

Yes! she gasped.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I know just what a whore like her needs, thinks my brother as he flicks his tongue through her pussy one more time. He stands up, and Ms. Kwon Gone Wild flicks her gaze down to his crotch. To that big bulge. She wants what every whore wants. 

You know what to do, slut, he tells Ms. Kwon with absolute confidence. Get to it. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Carter Miller

You know what to do slut, I said as she stared down at the bulge in my jeans. Get to it.

Yes, the wanton guidance counselor moaned. She dropped to her knees, her body trembling. She flicked her tongue over her lips then attacks my fly.

Oh, Carter, groaned Natalie. My girlfriend stared at me with awe. She was so impressed with me. So proud that I knew what to do with a slut like Ms. Kwon. I felt like a million dollars as she added, You're such a stud! Ooh, I love you!

Damn, I felt like such a Chad. 

Natalie threw her arms around my neck and kissed me. Her lips melted to mine. They were so sweet and delicious. I kissed her with such passion, letting her taste the slut's pussy cream on my mouth. She whimpered as Ms. Kwon opened my fly.

She tugged down my jeans and my underwear. The slut was desperate for it. She grasped my dick in both of her hands. I loved the feel of her working her hands up and down my dick. She fisted me. I loved the feel of her hands doing that.

This cock, she moaned and engulfed my dick.

She swallowed my cock. She nursed on me. I loved the feel of her hot mouth sliding over my cock. She engulfed me in moments. She suckled on me with her passion. I groaned, loving her tongue swirling around my dick.

She teased me with her wicked tongue while I kissed Natalie. I made out with my girlfriend as Ms. Kwon worked her mouth up and down my cock. She groaned around my cock while I savored every moment of her nursing on me.

The pressure built and built in my nuts. The need to cum grew and grew. I shuddered, loving the way she pleasured me. I broke the kiss with Natalie to glance down at the Korean woman staring up at me with such lust in her eyes.

Oh, wow, she's blowing you with such passion, moaned my girlfriend. She quivered beside me. How is it, honey?

Amazing, I groaned, my hand sliding down Natalie's back until I found her rump. I squeezed her as I enjoyed the blowjob. Fucking fantastic. Just what I expect from a whore like Ms. Kwon.

The guidance counselor moaned with such delight. It was clear that she was getting off on this. She suckled with passion on my cock. I loved how she did that. It was amazing. I smiled as she bobbed her head, working her lips up and down my cock.

My nuts swelled with the pressure of her hungry mouth. I shuddered, savoring this delight. I would flood her mouth with every drop of cum I had in my nuts. She flicked her tongue around the crown of my cock, sending pleasure shooting down my cock to the root. 

Damn, I groaned, breaking the kiss with my girlfriend. That's good.

I hope you love it, she said. How good is it? Are you going to cum so hard in her mouth?
Yep, I groaned. I'm going to just explode with rapture. Just burst with such passion into her mouth. She'll get all that jizz she wants.

Ms. Kwon moaned around my dick.

Such a slut, Natalie cooed. She ran her hand through Ms. Kwon's fine, black hair. You better suck my boyfriend off. I want you to drink every drop. If you don't swallow it all, I will be so angry with you.

Ms. Kwon swirled her tongue around my dick as she nodded her head. The slut understood. Now that she would gulp down all my cum. She swallowed it all. Hungered for it all. Her cheeks hollowed with the force of her suction.

She was so hungry for my cum.

So eager for it. So ready to gulp it all down. I was so ready for her to do that, too. Just so eager to fire all that cum into my mouth. It was a fantastic rush to have her nursing on me with such passion. 

Damn, I groaned. Just like that. You are doing an amazing job. Just fantastic. Fuck, yes.

Ooh, cum in her, Natalie whimpered.

Getting there, I panted, the suction from the Korean slut reaching down to my balls. My nuts tightened beneath the pressure. Her tongue ran around the crown of my dick. Fuck, yes!

I erupted.

My cum spurted into her mouth. I fired blast after blast of my spunk into her mouth. She swallowed it all down. She gulped down my jizz with hunger, moaning with my every blast of my hot seed. Pleasure slammed through me.

Ms. Kwon swallowed every drop of my spunk. she gulped it down with such eagerness. I loved it. I groaned with each eruption, my hand sliding down Natalie's back to grope her ass. She quivered there as Ms. Kwon swallowed every drop of my jizz.

Damn, I groaned as I fired a last blast into the slut's mouth. That is good, but... I think you have to learn how to suck titties, too.

Ms. Kwon slid her mouth off my cock. Yes, yes, I do!

Well, Natalie has some great titties. I smiled at my girlfriend. Strip her naked and love them, Ms. Kwon. Show us just how big of a slut you are.

She licked my jizz off her lips. The biggest.

She rose, her black hair swaying, and turned to my girlfriend. Her hands went to the buttons of the light-blue blouse my girlfriend wore. Ms. Kwon worked those open, moving up. She exposed Natalie's stomach and her cute bellybutton. The guidance counselor worked higher and higher.

Finally, she exposed Natalie's round tits held in a white bra. It was such a cute thing. Feminine but also virginal. A good girl's bra, not something a slut would wear. My girlfriend was no slut. I knew I would marry her. I could feel it.

Like it was written on my soul.

Ms. Kwon reached behind my girlfriend and found the clasp of the bra. Natalie flashed me a nervous smile. This was her first time doing anything sexual with someone other than me. I smiled at my girlfriend and squeezed her hand.

The bra came undone. I released Natalie so it could be pulled off. Those cute tits came into view. Big and soft, topped by those suckable nipples. That strange dream where I was an ogre rose in me. My elven princess had looked so hot chained up.

She looked just as hot now.

My, my, you are one lucky girl, said Ms. Kwon, cupping those big boobs.

My friend Kristen says the titty fairy likes me, Natalie said, her cheeks scarlet.

Yes, the titty fairy does, cooed the guidance counselor.

You need to learn to suck titties, I said, smacking Ms. Kwon's naked rump. 

She gasped, her butt-cheek reddening. She ducked her head down and latched onto my girlfriend's pink nipple. She suckled. Natalie gasped as she stared down at the naughty guidance counselor enjoying that hot nub.

I grinned at the sight, my dick so hard. Natalie quivered and made the cutest noises. Ms. Kwon nibbled on the fat nipple. Her naughty suckles were so delicious to hear. I could just watch this all day. It was hot seeing this lesbian activity.

It was okay for a good girl to have a threesome with her boyfriend. She could indulge in her bi-side when she was doing it for his benefit. My benefit. Natalie glanced at me, her eyes so wide. She shuddered and glanced down to my cock.

Does this make you so hard, honey? she asked.

I took her black pigtail in my hand and gently pulled her lips to mine. So hard.

I kissed her. She moaned as her lips melted into mine. I thrust my tongue into her mouth as I listened to the hot suckling sound. My dick twitched and throbbed. This was so hot. I loved every moment of this.

She whimpered, her lips kissing me back with such passion while Ms. Kwon suckled on her nipple. The Korean slut moaned around Natalie's nipple. The wet pops were so exciting to hear. I broke the kiss and glanced down.

How's she doing? I asked, playing with Natalie's pigtail. I swept the end over her other nipple.

She's doing great, moaned Natalie. Oh, wow, it's so different from you. She's softer. Feminine. I'm so glad it turns you on watching her do this to me.

I'm so hard, I groaned.

Natalie smiled then glanced down at Ms. Kwon. That's right, slut. You have to be ready to please good girls with their boyfriends or husband, and sluts who are just getting wild like you. Do some tongue licking. Oh, oh, that's wonderful. Like that. That's a good slut.

That's right, I said. And if you want her to get wild on your pussy, then tell her. Sluts need a firm hand.

Right. Natalie flashed me a grateful smile. She was a newbie to dealing with wanton whores like Ms. Kwon. I was so thankful Dad had been giving me lessons on how to fuck horny bitches at the mall. Lick my... my pussy! Right now, slut!

Just be more confident, I told her. 

Lick my yummy pussy like the wanton slut you are! Natalie said, a big and infectious grin on her lips.

I flashed her a thumbs up.

Yes, moaned Ms. Kwon. She dropped to her knees and yanked off Natalie's skirt revealing a pair of light-pink panties with a frilly waistband and a small, white bow right on her pubic mound. They were adorable. I loved the sight of them.

The slut dragged them off to reveal Natalie's shaved pussy. She did that for me, the sweet thing. Maybe I'd let her go au naturale so she could be different from the sluts like Ms. Kwon, though... I did like seeing her dripping pussy lips.

Ms. Kwon buried her face into my girlfriend's pussy. She licked and lapped at her with hunger. My dick twitched at the sight. I so wanted to fuck her now. I had to fuck her. My cock throbbed as I dropped to my knees, my cock slapping into her rump.

My girlfriend bucked, her big boobs jiggling. Her eyes widened as she felt a woman eating her pussy for the first time. I was so glad to be here to watch her getting devoured by her first slut. It was such a big moment for her.

Oh, wow, Ms. Kwon, she groaned. Ooh, you feel so different. I mean, I like it when Carter eats me out more, but... This is nice.

Enjoy, honey, I said, winking at her as I slid my cock down to Ms. Kwon's shaved cunt.

You, too, she moaned, her nose twitching as she shuddered in delight.

I found that wet pussy. Natalie grinned at me as she trembled. I loved that we were sharing this slut. It made things so hot as I thrust into her pussy. I buried to the hilt in that delicious snatch. The heat melted down my cock to my nuts as Ms. Kwon moaned her delight.

She was tight. Damn, I loved being in the slut's cunt. I gripped her hips as she moaned into my girlfriend's twat. She licked and lapped at her with hunger. I drew back my dick, savoring that hot cunt around my shaft.

She squeezed down on me. I loved how she gripped me with that sweet snatch. A wave of heat rushed through me as I fucked away at her. I buried to the hilt in her cunt again and again. My nuts slapped into her clit.

Yes, she moaned into my girlfriend's pussy.

Oh, wow, she's really eating me now, honey, gasped Natalie. Your cock just turned her on. Oh, my, she's amazing!

Just let go and drown her in your cunt cream!

I will! She beamed at me.

I smiled and thrust away at Ms. Kwon's pussy. My hands stroked up and down her sides, loving the silky glide of her skin as her juicy pussy held me tight. She clamped down on me, massaging me with her wonderful flesh.

I sighed, savoring every thrust into her cunt. I plowed into her pussy again and again. I reveled in her heat. A big smile spread on my lips as I thrust into her over and over again. The pleasure surged down my shaft.

My balls drank in that delight.

I loved fucking her. I buried into her. I savored that heat. This was an amazing rapture. I loved every moment of pounding her hard and fast. She moaned into my girlfriend's pussy, pleasuring the cutie I loved.

Natalie tossed her head as she experienced the passion of that delicious slut eating her out. I loved the way my girlfriend's big boobs rippled as she rose toward her orgasm. Ms. Kwon moaned into that delicious cunt.

I slammed hard into her cunt, my dick aching in her snatch. She had such a juicy twat. I loved how she gripped me. How she held me tight. I plowed into her cunt again and again, her butt-cheeks rippling from the impact.

Damn, I groaned as I fucked her hard. Goddamn, that's great.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, that's amazing!

I know, I groaned, savoring her pussy around my cock. She had such a great snatch. She held me tight. She massaged me with that amazing cunt. You're going to cum so hard.

Uh-huh, the slut moaned.

Me, too! gasped my girlfriend. Oh, wow, Carter, she's got her tongue fluttering around my clit. She knows what she's doing.

Makes sense, I said. She's an experienced slut. Not like those young freshman girls you have to mentor. They'll have never eaten pussy before. You'll have to teach them to be as good as this whore right here.

Yes! Natalie shuddered. Oh, Ms. Kwon, this program is going to be so successful. You have to support it!

She does! I grunted, slamming hard into her cunt. Don't you, whore! I smacked her ass.

Her pussy clamped down on me as I plunged to the hilt in her. She moaned, Yes, yes, yes! My full support. This will be such an amazing program. I know it. I can't wait to be a part of it! Yes, yes, let's teach all those nubile freshman sluts how to be the biggest whores they can!

I grinned at that, my nuts tightening from the delight of fucking the slut's wet cunt. Her pussy gripped me with her silky heaven. I groaned as I drilled in and out of her twat. I buried into her while she feasted on my sexy girlfriend.

I shuddered, hammering her hard. My girlfriend tossed her head. Her boobs quivered. I loved seeing that moment approaching. Natalie hovered on the verge of cumming, trembling in the moments before her climax.

That's it, I groaned, my own climax about to explode through me. Cum on her, Natalie. Cum on the slut! Drown her in pussy cream! 

Yes! she squealed, her head throwing back. She bucked, her tits heaving.

Ms. Kwon moaned as she drowned in schoolgirl cunt cream. I grinned, hammering the slut hard. The guidance counselor's head moved as she lapped up those delicious juices. My dick ached. My nuts tightened.

I thrust to the hilt in her and erupted.

Fuck, yes! I growled as my cum splashed into her cunt, spraying her cervix.

Ms. Kwon's pussy went wild at that first pulse of cum splashing her womb. Her cunt went wild, spasming around my dick. I groaned, loving how she suckled at me. The heat rushed through my body. I savored the ecstasy that burned through me.

Stars danced across my vision as I pumped blast after blast of cum into her twat. I groaned as she nursed at me. The heat was an incredible rush. I shuddered, savoring every moment of unloading into her twat. I flooded her whore-pussy with my jizz.v
Oh, yes, that's so good! Ms. Kwon moaned, her twat worshiping my spurting dick.

Yes, yes, flood her, gasped Natalie. You'll be fucking all the schoolgirl sluts I train. Just basting their wombs with your seed!

Fuck! I groaned as Natalie trembled, her tits swaying.

Yes, yes, yes, it'll be amazing! gasped Natalie. This program is perfect! Oh, yes!

I shuddered as I fired the last blast of cum into that hot twat. I shuddered, savoring the heat. The pleasure. The bliss of this moment. I suckled in a deep breath, my entire body brimming with euphoria. A big smile spread on my lips.  

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Natalie Bishop

Oh, I think she'll be perfect for the trial run, I said, looking at the pictures of the Freshman girls. What do you think, Carter. Is she a slut or what?

Oh, she's definitely a slut in training, my boyfriend said. She's perfect for the first candidate.

A big smile spread on my lips. This heat rippled through me. I couldn't wait to see my boyfriend pumping his cum into her pussy. He might even knock her up. That would serve the slut right. He would pump all his jizz into her womb.

And there would be more than Alicia. She was just the beginning.

So many Freshman sluts would have to be mentored. Learn how to please a man. And a woman. But mostly a man. My Carter would be such a stud. I just knew he would be up to the stamina of fucking all those girls and pumping them full of cum.

Good, I said. I glanced at Ms. Kwon lying on the floor, her pussy dripping with cum. You have to call Alicia here first thing in the morning so we can get started. Are you listening, slut?

Mmm? Ms. Kwon purred. Oh, yes, Alicia. Of course, of course.

Excellent. I beamed. Oh, Carter, this program is going to be amazing. I can just feel you'll fuck so many wonderful sluts!

I felt so amazing. I had convinced Ms. Kwon that she was a slut, and this program was perfect. Sure, it would have its vanilla name, but its true purpose was just so important. I felt like I was making a big difference for the school and the girls who went here. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Natalie's so excited for the idea. She wants to see Carter fuck all those sluts and breed them. Alicia will be the first one, but Natalie is already making the plans on how to expand the program to include more of the incoming freshman.

Lesson plans are dancing through her head. How to start them on blowjobs then work up to more exciting things like licking pussy, eating creampie, riding a dick, taking a cock up the ass, and even gangbangs. 

She'll have to find extra help, but she knows Carter will have friends that can help. Even my Daddy. These thoughts are tumbling through Natalie's mind. She even thinks the sluts can earn extra credit for starring in one of my mom's porn movies. 

She's just bursting with such excitement. 

Just swimming with such joy.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kristen shuddered as she finished writing this story. She was so wet. She slid her hand between her thighs and rubbed at her pussy through her panties. She pushed the fabric into her virgin flesh and brushed her clit.

Sparks flared through her as she thought about another story to write.

What if Daddy seduces the pastor's wife, Mrs. Green. A shiver ran through Natalie. And maybe her daughter. Ooh, ooh, what if there were gloryholes involved? And Maybe... Something with Mark.

It felt like a big story, but for now, she focused on her father seducing the pastor's wife. She quivered and had a huge orgasm. She came so fast, her pussy juices spilling out. She groaned, her voice echoing through the stall.

Her phone beeped with a text message.

Kristen shuddered as her orgasm drowned her mind in such joy. She sucked in her delight, feeling so naughty about her stories. Of course, Natalie would never let another girl fuck Carter, and he certainly wouldn't be pounding the guidance counselor.

Ms. Kwon wasn't a slut. She was a lovely woman, but that was what made Kristen's naughty stories so hot. They were all for her. This private world only existed on the pages.

Or so Kristen thought.

She panted and walked out of the stall. She washed her hands and splashed water on her hot face. She grabbed her phone and checked her text message. It was from Natalie. She smiled and opened it.

Ms. Kwon approved the committee. The first freshman I'm going to be mentoring is Alicia. Isn't that neat?

Yeah, Kristen texted back even as she blinked at the coincidence she'd chosen the same girl for her story.

But for Kristen, that was all it was. A coincidence.

To be continued...
