Dirty Girls
By s19000
Chapter 8

"Are your panties wet, Allison?" asked Sara.

Allison nodded.

"With Rob's cum, or yours?

"Both."

"Lift your dress and show us."

Allison leaned back against the wall, lifted her dress 
and spread her legs, thrusting out her soaked white 
cotton panties with the little red hearts. "Like 
this?"

"Very good. Now tell us about your pussy."

Allison placed her hands on each side of her pussy, 
framing it with her fingers. She pressed her hands in, 
pulling her panties tight. Her panties were soaked and 
transparent and the boys could see her bare pussy 
through the wet fabric.

Allison opened her mouth and words babbled out. "This 
is my pussy. It needs attention all the time. It 
always wants to cum, so I play with it all the time. I 
rub it when I'm in the shower. I rub it when I'm in 
bed. I even rub it when I'm in school. I go to the 
bathroom and sit on the toilet and use my hand to make 
myself cum. Then I go back to class with my friends, 
and they don't know I just came."

Allison made small humping movements with her hips, 
and the pressure of her hands pulled her pussy open 
under her panties. The two boys who hadn't cum began 
to jack off again.

"Tell us how you do yourself," said Sara.

"Oh," said Allison. She them to know how dirty she 
was, so she wanted to tell them. "Sometimes I just use 
my finger, like this." She put her finger on her 
panties and moved it in small circles, rubbing her 
clit. "Ah, that feels so good! Then I run my finger up 
and down, like this." She moved her finger up and down 
and began to moan softly. "Can you see?" She let her 
shoulders slide down the wall, bent her knees, and 
opened her legs farther. "Watch me do it."

"Shit," said one of the boys who was jacking off. "I 
can't take much more of this."

"Don't cum yet," said Sara. "She hasn't told us how 
she turns her pussy into a cunt."

Allison kept playing with herself. "Yes, oh yes. Sam 
turns my pussy into a cunt every time he fucks it."

The boys looked at Sara. "You fuck her?"

"Sure. Whenever I want."

"Whenever you want? Man, I don't know any girls like 
that. What if she doesn't want to?"

"Look at her. Does she look like she wouldn't want 
to?"

Allison's hair was matted with sweat, her exposed 
nipples were swollen and pointed, and her finger was 
pressing her panties up inside her.

"OK, Allison," said Sara. "You told us how I make your 
pussy into a cunt. You didn't tell us how YOU do it."

"Gaaa. I... I put my fingers in it and fuck it."

"You like that?"

"It's the best. I do it every day."

"So you make your pussy into a cunt every day?"

"God, yes! I want to have a cunt between my legs all 
the time!"

"Show us how you do it."

Allison groaned and began pushing her fingers in and 
out, pressing her panties further inside her.

"No, no," said Sara. "Your panties are in the way, so 
we can't see what you're doing."

Allison's fingers stopped. Her mind was spinning with 
lust. "Only a really dirty girl would show herself to 
three boys," she thought. "But I showed them my tits. 
I let one of them fuck my mouth with his tongue. 
They're watching me play with myself. I AM a dirty 
girl." She pulled her panties out and over to the side 
of her pussy, exposing it to the boys. She saw them 
staring between her legs, and she stretched her pussy 
lips apart, opening herself up so they could see 
inside her.

"See?" she said. "This is what I do. When I spread my 
pussy apart like this, it turns into a cunt. I like 
having a cunt. Do you want to see how I play with it? 
I do it like this." Allison bunched her fingers 
together and plunged them into herself. "This is how I 
fuck myself. Just like this. And I'm going to make 
myself cum soon."

"Get over there and cum on her tits," said Sara to the 
boys. They stumbled to Allison, holding their cocks 
and trying not to cum too soon. They aimed their cocks 
at her tits and began jacking off again.

"Oh god," said Allison. "You're going to cum on me, 
aren't you? Oh, I'm cumming now!"

Allison jammed her fingers into her cunt and humped 
her hand. As she came, the boys shot big loads that 
landed in stripes across her chest. She arched her 
back and pushed her chest up to the cum as it splashed 
on her. "Oh!" she cried. "It's so hot! Oh, god!"

She slid down the wall until she was sitting with her 
legs spread. Her fingers were still inside her cunt, 
and her hips were twitching. The boys' cum ran down 
her chest.
 
 
 
 
