Katie ~ The Next Night
by JW

Katie: The Adventure Continues

Katie’s knee bounced a mile a minute as she waited for the final bell to ring announcing the end of the school day. Her day was nothing but a blur ever since she got to the playground this morning. Just as she had predicted, Mike and Chris were sitting on the bouncy horses and it looked like Chris was absent mindedly scraping something off of his saddle with a thumbnail as he sat and talked about sports and whatever else boys talked about. Katie couldn’t help to wonder if it was the dried remains of her juices from earlier. Just the thought started her on a replay of her first adventure and filled her with the desire for another, and perhaps, much longer adventure.

The bell finally rang and Katie lunged from her desk and made a bee line right to her bus. She was about to step on when Billy appeared from her blind spot.
“Honk! Outta the way loser”! Billy exclaimed as he threw an elbow into her side jumping ahead of her. Katie gave a sigh and thought about how much she hated Billy. On the way home she thought about what her adventure will be tonight; things like how long, should she hang out at the park again, what if Max barks and wakes someone up, or worse yet what if he were to wake Billy up? 

Katie knew that if Billy were to see her naked that it would be all over the school the very next day. The thought horrified her and gave her excited chills all at the same time. And the bad part is that she wouldn’t know it until it was too late. Billy’s house was not far from her own and next door to Max’s owner’s house; Billy could very well wake up and look out his window to see what the barking was about. Instead he would see a naked girl, perhaps, walking by his house. He would see her body in the glow of the street light and he would see her small B cup breasts and pink areolas with nipples the size of pencil erasers hard and sticking straight out. He may even detect a firm jiggle as she walked down the street. Billy would also see that she was a natural blonde because of the light wisps of pubic hair that really didn’t hide anything of her puffy vaginal lips. He would watch as she walked past and he would see a firm round ass that gave only a slight jiggle as she walked. And the worst part yet is that as he looked up at the girl he would discover that it was Katie!

The jolt of the school bus stopping snapped Katie out of her trance which seemed all too real judging from how fast her heart was beating. Katie got off the bus and headed for her house. As she walked, she started eyeing places that could be safe points should she need to run for cover during her “walk”. Better to scope them out during the day than to try and find them at night, she thought.

The first was the slide at the playground; the long tube would make a perfect hiding place, she figured she would test it out later just to make sure. Next she spotted a group of bushes by the mailbox of a house 4 doors further down from the playground; that would make a good hiding spot too. Katie turned around and started walking towards her house; she eyed Billy’s house and thought about where she might hide if she were to head to the other end of the block. She couldn’t help but to think more about the possibility of Billy seeing her.

“What if he takes pictures of me, or even worse, what if he played with himself while watching me? Katie grimaced.

“Would he imagine cumming all over me, or in me even?” Katie couldn't stand the thought and she forced herself to think about something else. Unfortunately, the tingle between her legs told her that her body had a different opinion.

Katie figured she would limit her walks to the one end of the block where her bus stop was; at least until she could identify some hiding places and how to deal with the possibility of being seen by Billy.

The rest of the day was an agonizing blur for Katie. She could barely concentrate on her homework and she nearly got in trouble at dinner for not hearing her brother ask her to pass the bread. She was so busy thinking about what was to come that she completely zoned out and didn’t come back to reality until she heard her mother yelling her name.

“Katie Lynn, I don’t know where you are tonight but you had better return to earth!” Katie’s mom yelled. “You’ve been silent all night; what’s gotten in to you?” she asked.

Katie was silent, not knowing what to say.

“Katie Lynn answer me this second or you can go to bed right now young lady!” her mother retorted.

“Nothing mother, just have my mind on my history project. I want to get a really good grade so it’s been my priority. Sorry, I’ll pay more attention.” Katie replied as she passed the bread to her brother. Katie’s mom seemed to accept the answer she was given and even offered Katie help with ideas if she needed it.

Katie replied with a simple “Thanks mom” and went back to going over the route she would take tonight, complete with visualizing her identified hiding spots.

The air was a soupy mix of humidity and warm air that seemed to settle on Katie’s body giving it a glistening sheen in the light of the full moon. Once again Katie looked over her naked body while standing in her front yard. For whatever reason, she thought that her tan lines were especially highlighted by the moonlight tonight and she thought her breasts looked kinda sexy because of it. She looked down at her pubic mound and around to her butt and thought the same thing because of the tan lines as well. She was especially proud of her butt because it was the perfect rounded size for her body and it looked especially good in bikini bottoms and jeans.

“Oh well, let’s get this show on the road”. She smiled at her statement; she was putting on a show and her audience was dead asleep, or so she hoped!

Heading towards the park, Katie thought it best that she not stop on the way down the block but to continue on passed it. She also thought that she would walk smack dab in the center of the road. This would allow her to run left or right if she were in danger of being seen and it would allow enough space on either side to make her feel like she is completely in the open. That part was already having an effect on Katie. She could feel the wetness building between her thighs and her clit and outer lips becoming engorged with excitement. Her nipples were reacting too; they were so hard that they were on the verge of hurting. Kind of like when her boobs started growing and filling out. Katie decided this was a good kind of hurt and walked on. As she walked she couldn’t help but to knead her boobs almost instinctively as she did when she was going through puberty.

Katie took a few more steps when she froze. The beams of a car’s headlights were piercing her body from behind. She knew that she was probably lit up plain as day and she had to move. She ran to her left where a vacant lot offered some shrubs that were hopefully tall enough to hide her. The lot used to be a house that burned down in a fire when Katie was little and the owners never rebuilt.

Mr. Willis was tired and he just wanted to get home. He had a long day at the hardware store and his feet and back were killing him. Coming around the corner to his street he knew to put his bright lights on because there’s always a cat, raccoon, possum, or something darting out in the street. Last time he came home this late, he hit a raccoon and it did all sorts of damage to his bumper and underneath. As he turned the corner and turned on his brights, there she was plain as day. He was staring straight at a naked blonde haired girl in the middle of the street. He closed his eyes and opened them and sure enough there she was, or at least there the back of her was. He could plainly make out the tan lines where a bikini bottom usually was and the strap marks from the top, except there were no bottoms or top. He saw the round little butt of a girl and when she took off toward the vacant lot he also saw the side of her left boob. He couldn’t make out who it was as he drove closer to the left side of the road and vacant lot hoping to catch another glimpse of her.

Katie scrambled into the lot looking for a shrub big enough to hide her from the approaching car, but it didn’t seem to go her way. She had no choice but to lay flat on her stomach and stay as still as possible behind the biggest little shrub she could find. As the car approached she could see that it had slowed down and was close to the curb. She knew the driver was looking for her and she held her breath.

Just as she thought things couldn’t get any worse, she felt something crawling up the inside of her thigh. It was all she could do to bite her lip to keep from alerting the driver to her whereabouts. The whatever it was made it’s way up her inner thigh and was getting very close to her outer lip which, by now, was so engorged it created a little wall for the creature. Katie knew this because it kept bumping into her lip, stopping, and trying a different place to pass. Eventually, the creature gave up and decided the easiest way up was up her butt cheek.

Mr. Willis looked intently but saw nothing; he could only assume that whoever she was had run through some backyards and got away. He sped up and went about his way, the whole time thinking of the little white butt in his headlights.

After the car left, Katie jumped up and started wiping her butt and legs hoping to get the crawly thing off of her. She couldn’t even tell if it was still there because she felt crawly all over. Katie decided a close call and a bug were enough excitement for one night and headed straight home. She wished she had made her goal of making it to the end of the block, but she figured there were plenty of other nights coming up and an entire summer vacation to look forward too!
