Family Sex Night
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Please observe copyright information found on Chapter 1 of this story.  

Please read previous chapter since each chapter builds on the previous one.

CHAPTER SEVEN

	Early Saturday morning, Daddy was delighted by his two darling daughters. Despite the earliness of the hour the sun had barely risen the entire family was up and awake. It would be a big day. With all the promised ecstasy to come during the rest of the weekend, time was too precious to be wasted in something so ordinary as sleeping late.

	Mom was in the kitchen, preparing a big breakfast. This sexually active and intense family would need to eat well to maintain strength and vigor. Mark had followed his mother downstairs, leaving Daddy and the two girls on the second floor. Jane and Linda entered his bedroom. It was dim and dark, warmly intimate, the only light being cast by the lights of the hall which shone through the open doorframe.

	Jane and Linda crowded at the door, looking in. The pair of beauties were warm and sleepy-eyed, with their hair charmingly disarranged from the previous night's rest. They were nude, their bodies sleek and pink and shining, the hairs of their tufted bushes was disarranged and delightfully curled, as the hair of their heads. The giggled and whispered. Jane stood behind Linda, and the pink pointed tips of her breasts grazed her sister's back.

	From the downstairs kitchen came the distant rattling of plates and dishes, the sound of cupboards opening and closing, as Mom prepared breakfast. In his bedroom, Daddy was alone in the big bed, but not for long. He lay on his side, seemingly sleeping, with the blankets and covers wrapped around himself. Daddy stirred, then rolled over on his belly, with his head buried in his arms. He sighed heavily, but said nothing was he sleeping?

	The girls exchanged glances, looks passed between them which were sly and devilishly lustful. The girls tiptoed into the room. Neither of them bothered to close the door behind them. If Mom or Mark should happen along and wanted to watch or even join the fun, they were welcome.

	The girls approached Daddy from either side of the bed, Jane approaching on the right, Linda from the left. The girls were sleek lovely creatures, their pink bodies all taut and sleek, firm with youth, their breasts full, their bottoms rounded.

	Jane hopped down on the bed and climbed under the covers, sliding in beside Daddy. At the same time, Linda got down on the other side. Daddy had been pretending to be sleeping, but no man could just lay there when two such gorgeous and ardent youngsters pressed against him. Daddy slept naked. His muscular body was warm under the blankets, and the hair on his body was like soft fur against Jane and Linda's sleek hairless bodies.

	Jane pressed up against Daddy, running her hands over his strong shoulders. 	Linda leaned into him, so that her breasts pressed his broad back. Daddy raised his sleepy face out of his arms and looked first right, then left, at the daughters who flanked him under the blankets.

	"Good morning, kittens," he said.

	Jane pressed hot kisses on his face. Daddy kissed her on the mouth, then turned and pressed his puckered lips to Linda's bold ripe mouth. Daddy rolled over and lay on his back. A bulge in the blankets covering his crotch showed that he sported a massive erection. His aroused condition was admired and desired by his daughters. Daddy lay back, with his arms across the girls, hugging both beauties. He wanted to watch the two sisters kiss and caress each other.

	Jane and Linda eagerly followed Daddy's suggestion. They leaned over him, their mouths meeting in a long kiss over his chest. Linda's hair, the tips of it, brushed Daddy's chest. Thrills pulsed and vibrated up and down his stiff penis, which jerked under the covers.

	Linda fondled Jane's pert, pear-shaped breasts, the globes rippling under Linda's soft touch, the nipples hardening to stiff pink points. Daddy smiled happily. He caressed both girls. Their breasts dangled ripely over him as he lay on his back and the girls kissed over him. The girls soon broke off the kiss by mutual consent. They had come into the bedroom for the enjoyment of their father, after all.

	Linda pressed herself against him, her full breasts flattening against his chest, her hard fat nipples throbbing against his flesh. She clamped her open mouth to his and kissed him, working her tongue in his mouth. Jane crawled down under the covers, where it was dark and warm. Daddy's flesh was so hot that it burned the smooth skin of her face as it touched it.

	Jane's mouth watered as she moved her head over Daddy's crotch. His quivering cock brushed her soft downy cheeks, and was caressed by her silken hair. Jane took hold of his stiff erection, which throbbed in her hand. It was a morning hard-on, and seemed more than usually rigid. It was so stiff that it trembled from tension in her grip.

	Jane raised her head over Daddy's cock. She pressed her puckered pink lips against the cock head in a long and thrilling kiss. Daddy squirmed as Jane kissed and licked his cock head. At the same time, Linda fed Daddy with her bountiful breasts. While he lay on his back, Linda placed her palms on the mattress on either side of his head, and moved her upper body from side to side.

	Her lush breasts slapped softly, stimulatingly, against his heated face. He had a bit of beard stubble, which rasped thrillingly against her sensitive skin. Daddy stuck out his tongue and pressed it to Linda's nipple, which throbbed with rigid arousal. Saliva shone on the pink point. Linda rubbed her breasts across his mouth so that both her nipples were licked by his slippery wet tongue. The nipples throbbed heavily.

	Jane stretched out on the bed, her lower body coming out of the blankets. She lay with her head down at Daddy's crotch, and her feet up by his head. The lower half of her body, from the waist down, was uncovered and left beautifully bare. Her saucy cupcake buttocks jiggled.

	Jane lay on her tummy, with her head hovering over Daddy's groin. She guided the cock head to her lips and took it between them. Daddy squirmed when his younger daughter rubbed his swollen cock head against the slippery roof of her mouth, then pushed her tongue against his shaft. Her lips closed on the cock head below the rim of the bullet shaped head.

	Linda was all wet inside her pussy. Her nipples, ultra-sensitive to pleasure, tingled from the licking and light nibbling Daddy had done on them. Linda climbed up out of the covers and knelt on the mattress at Daddy's head. Daddy reached out, resting one hand on Jane's rump, which wiggled and jiggled as she took his cock deeper into her mouth and throat.

	While Jane sucked him he fondled her rear, kneading and squeezing the buttocks, rubbing them, working them like putty in his hand. He moved his hand down lower, past the rounded moons of her ass cheeks, and pressed her taut smooth thighs, which were pressed together.

	Jane opened up at his touch, moving her legs apart, exposing the pink slitted lips of her pussy below the white and shining globes of her bottom. It was Jane's turn to squirm when Daddy's fondling fingers moved over her pussy, feeling and fondling the contoured folds of pink pussy flesh. The soft warm labia heated up at his touch. His fingertip slid down the slit where her pussy lips came together, feeling the stirring of moisture within.

	Jane responded to her father's handling of her soft parts. Her hips rocked up and down, with her tufted little bush pressing against the sheets. She took Daddy's cock deep in her throat. The length of his red rod shone with her sweet saliva, which oiled the cock as it moved over her lips. Linda climbed on Daddy's face. She straddled his head, facing his feet, planting her knees on either side, her taut smooth thighs pressing his cheeks. Her pussy hung poised over Daddy's eager face. He sniffed the rich fresh aroma of her pussy as the musky juices of arousal stirred within her.

	He turned his head to the side to kiss her soft smooth inner thighs. His licking tongue left wet smears on her inner thighs. Her bush tickled his nose. Linda wagged her tail, rubbing her soft pussy lips against Daddy's nose and mouth. His puckered lips planted kisses. Linda sat on his face, hissing with pleasure as her pussy lips pressed his mouth.

	The pussy lips split and spread, fastening to the lips of his open mouth. Her slippery wet membranes, seething with heat, were exposed. She settled down on Daddy's face. She gasped as his tongue lanced up inside her, penetrating her pussy, slipping deep into her. Daddy tasted the juices oozing from the pores of her fresh seashell-pink pussy. The taste of her was sweet on his tongue.

	His mouth was dry from a night of sleep, and the juices which oozed inside her were deliciously refreshing. He lapped for more at the source. Linda sighed and shivered. She rocked back and forth, rubbing her pussy against his mouth, riding his face for their mutual pleasure.

	While Daddy ate the pussy of one daughter, he fingered and fondled the pussy of the other daughter who sucked his cock. Jane's head bobbed up and down under the blankets. Her hair spread over his hips and thighs, swirling across his flesh as she moved. She sucked him wetly and deeply, taking his rod deep into the back of her throat, her saliva spilling into his bush, wetting it.

	Daddy pressed the tip of his middle finger against the slitted lips of Jane's pussy and pushed it inside, in deep. Jane gasped as his finger penetrated her. Daddy pushed it deep, burying it up to his knuckle. Her wet membranes seethed around the invader.

	Daddy pushed it in and out. Juices shone on his digit. Jane rocked her narrow hips back and forth in response to his fingering. Her secretions oozed on her pussy lips, making the labia wet and sticky. The fingering only added to Jane's erotic tension. She increased the rate at which she sucked Daddy's cock, her head bobbing up and down.

	Her mouth was molded around her father's member. His cock was thrilled by the satin touch of her tongue, the insides of her cheeks, the roof of her mouth. Daddy responded, his buttocks clenched, his hips rising off the bed as he pushed his rod deep into Jane's mouth when she took his cock deep. 

	Linda rode Daddy's mouth with wild abandon. Her heavy breasts flopped wildly as she rode back and forth on his face. Daddy's tongue tip pressed her clitoris. Move as she would, forward, backward, or sideways, the tongue never left her throbbing clitoris. Each stimulating pass her pussy made over his mouth increased her arousal. Linda took hold of her tits to keep them from being thrown about by her now-frantic movements.

	Daddy's face was engulfed by the sleek wet heat of her pussy, while his cock was similarly engulfed by the wet heat of Jane's mouth of pleasure. 	Jane knew that Daddy was ready to come. She was careful not to become so excited that his stiff penis slipped from her sucking mouth at the crucial instant. Daddy's hips rose up off the bed, his cock twitching on Jane's tongue.

	Jane took the cock head deep into the back of her throat. Daddy came. 	His cock shook and shivered in Jane's mouth. Her lips hugged the base of his thick and spurting shaft as semen splashed the back of her throat. His back was arched, his hips raised, and his buttocks were off the mattress, as his coming cock shot semen down his daughter's golden throat.

	Jane milked him dry, holding the cock in her mouth, swallowing the semen which gushed from the red, swollen cock head. Daddy's finger was planted deep in her pussy, and wiggled wildly. Linda cried out when her own orgasm hit her. She shook, shivered, and tossed her head like a bucking mare when she climaxed.

	She stopped rocking and sat in one place on Daddy's face. She ground her pussy against his mouth, while her thighs tightly gripped his head. He felt the orgasmic convulsions of her pussy against his mouth as she came. He lifted his tongue from her clitoris, which had been licked to the ultimate degree of sensitivity, and could bear no more arousal. He retracted his tongue, but he kept his mouth molded against her quivering sex.

	He was weak and moaning from the orgasm which Jane's sucking mouth had brought him. His moans rippled through Linda's sensitive pussy. Jane sucked and swallowed, Daddy's thick cream oozing down her throat. She kept her mouth no his cock and milked him dry to the last drop.

	Linda, weak and shaking from her shattering climax, rose up on her knees, withdrawing her wet pussy from Daddy's face. Daddy's red face was smeared and shiny and his mouth was open and gasping for breath.

	Downstairs in the kitchen, Mom and Mark enjoyed a special pre-breakfast treat. Mom was not entirely naked. She wore a kitchen apron, a full-length apron which covered her front from her shoulders to her thighs. 	The apron's thick cloth straps stretched over her smooth shining shoulders. Her front was covered, but her rear was left beautifully bare.

	The front of the apron was pushed out of shape by her heavy breasts. Her fat nipples, now flattened in their non-erect state, were still thick and fleshy against the fabric. The hem of the apron came down to the middle of her plump thighs. At the apron's waist was a drawstring which was knotted in a bow at the small of her back. Her shoulders, the long smooth lush curves of her back, her waist, her rounded heart-shaped ass, and her long legs, were fully exposed.

	Mom wore fluffy slippers which scuffed softly on the linoleum floor as she finished making the last of the breakfast preparations. Mark had dutifully followed her downstairs. He had set out the places at the table, and now his kitchen chores were completed. Mom stood at the sink, her buttocks rippled." Looking over her shoulder, smiling warmly, she called her son to her.

	Mark joined her at the sink. He wore a pair of baggy pajama bottoms, and a robe over them. His torso was bare under the robe. His arms encircled Mom's waist. She leaned back into her boy, so that the ripe round globes of her naked bottom pressed his groin. Even through the thin fabric of his pajamas, Mark felt Mom's body heat. She moved her hips from side to side, massaging his member with her soft flesh.

	Taking hold of his hands, Mom guided them to her chest, fastening each hand on one of her breasts, and pressing her hands against his to hold them there. Mark eagerly kneaded and fondled her breasts through the apron. Her nipples stiffened and throbbed through the fabric.

	Mom rubbed her bottom against his cock and balls. His penis jerked, tingled, grew into a rigid erection which throbbed against her flesh. Mom moved away from the sink. She spread her feet on the floor and leaned forward from the waist, bracing herself by pressing her palms against a counter top. The fat fleshy lips of her pussy were revealed under her ripe rounded buttocks. Mom looked over her shoulder and summoned her son.

	The crotch of Mark's pajamas bulged from his erection. Mark pulled down his pajamas, which slipped down his legs and fell at his feet. His hard penis jerked up and jutted horizontally from his lean hips. Mom reached behind herself, gripping the head of his throbbing cock. Pulling gently on the cock head, she guided the boy to her. He pressed up against her rear, his throbbing cock gliding over her soft buttocks.

	Mom raised her hand to her mouth and sucked her fingers wet with saliva. She smeared the saliva between her legs, rubbing it inside her slit. Her pussy lips were wet and dripping. She wiped the last bit of saliva on her son's cock head, greasing the head of his thick red dart.

	Mark was on his toes and moaning from the sensual treatment. Mom guided his cock head down below her ass cheeks to her pussy. Mark gripped his shaft and pressed the cock head against her pussy lips. He pushed the cock head inside her. Mom oohed and aahed as she was entered. Mark moaned as he pushed his hips forward. Mom shoved her plump rear backward, taking his cock deep inside her dripping sex. Saliva from her mouth, and secretions from her pussy membranes, greased the entrance of her son's rod inside her. Mark penetrated her deeply.

	Mark started thrusting, a skinny smooth kid with a stiff cock fucking a full-bodied, big-breasted, wide-bottomed woman. Mom's tits heaved and strained against the front of her apron, straining the seams of the material. She worked her hips back and forth. Mark wrapped his shaking hands around her warm wide hips. Her flesh was smooth as butter and softer than silk and warm as toast.

	Each pass of his stiff cock over her satiny membranes heated him to a greater degree of arousal. His small rounded buttocks were clenched with tension. He pumped away, working his stiff cock in Mom's pussy. Mom encouraged him on with hoarse, whispered words of love and desire. The red shining rod of his cock pumped in and out of her pussy. Mark rose up on his toes to push his penis as deep as he could inside Mom's pussy. Mom shivered and shook with arousal.

	She worked her hips more eagerly, meeting his deep thrusts. She and Mark moaned, desire forcing cries of ecstasy from mother and son alike. It didn't take long for Mark's stiff penis to glow a hot and angry red color, and to twitch heavily inside the silken passage of Mom's seething, slippery sex. Mark plunged his cock deep inside his mother, and came.

To Be Continued

