Memorial Day Barbeque Strip
by NrlynkdbabeÂ©


A few weeks before Memorial Day Weekend I received a call from my friend Sam 
(Samantha) inviting me to a barbeque at her house Saturday afternoon of the 
holiday weekend. As with most of my friends Sam is aware of my habit for ending 
up naked, but she has only had the opportunity to see this happen once. That 
time was among friends and not in an overly public setting. Although she doesn't 
doubt my adventures she made it known that she would at sometime like to see me 
in action. Sam explained that her barbeque would be adults only and her backyard 
was such that although not completely private it is somewhat secluded and her 
neighbors would all be in attendance that day.

Sam has confided in me that the thought of exposing parts of her body or being 
naked in public is something she has fantasies about but could never do in 
reality. She is very cute, just about 5'2" and 32B-22-33. I have never seen her 
topless but her boobs are very perky and she can easily go braless if she chose 
to do so. She is a brunette who keeps it short but sexy with brown eyes. Sam 
although on the shorter side has great legs and often wears miniskirts but never 
without panties. So it seems that Sam would like me to liven up the party by 
somehow losing my clothes. She said she has told most of her guests about her 
exhibitionist friend at some point, but she has not told them her naked friend 
is coming to the barbeque. She just said her friend Nikki is coming and she 
wants me to devise a plan and put it into effect at the party.

I suggested arriving shortly after everyone else and walking in naked but Sam 
wanted me to prolong it and build up to total nakedness. Being the attention 
whore that I am I loved this idea because I could try and keep the attention on 
me throughout the barbeque. I love to tease and flash so I was looking forward 
to this party. My idea was to arrive dressed in typical summer wear and after a 
little while appear to accidentally flash a little and then slowly begin losing 
articles of clothing. I wanted to be sure I ended up totally naked in time to 
spend a few hours that way before the barbeque ended. After many outfit changes, 
checking myself in the mirror to see how each outfit looked, how revealing it 
was and how easy it would be to "accidentally" flash I made my choice.

This would be a rare occasion because I was going to wear panties which I rarely 
do anymore. My outfit would consist of a button-down blouse with a miniskirt and 
panties. The blouse and skirt were both made of lightweight material. The skirt 
was a very pale blue with buttons down the front which I would wear with the 
bottom two buttons open so that the skirt would open to expose more legs when 
walking or sitting. The blouse was white which would be worn with only two 
buttons buttoned and I would tie it at the waist. 

I chose a nearly sheer navy blue thong and wore no bra which allowed my areola 
and nipples to show faintly through my blouse. I saw that in the right light the 
thong was slightly noticeable through the skirt especially in the back and when 
I sat I could easily give a flash of my thong without being overly obvious.

The skirt was not one of my shortest but it did end about 6 inches above my 
knees and I showed a good amount of leg with four buttons closed.

I was anxious for Saturday because the thought of teasing and flashing a group 
of strangers, both male and female excited me. I would arrive at the party 
looking pretty much like any other female at a barbeque but as the day 
progressed I would show more and more of myself. I didn't tell Samantha what I 
planned to do but I said that her guests should see a lot more of me by the end 
of the party. I seem to end up naked rather quickly anymore and so this will be 
a treat for me and will certainly keep me and hopefully many others aroused. I 
arrived at Sam's and could see when she looked me up and down that she was a bit 
disappointed by my somewhat conservative attire. 

"Nikki, so glad you made it." Sam said followed by a kiss on the cheek.

"I was kind of expecting to see more of you." 

"I expect you will see more if your sure everyone will be alright with it." 

"A few know about your hobby and everyone else I know will love it." Sam said 
with a grin.

"You could go put your clothes in the bedroom and come outside naked."

"Thanks Sam but then it will all end too soon, I want to make this last." I said with a sly grin.

Sam took me outside to the patio where there were a about 6 or 7 people sitting 
around chatting. There were two couples or were neighbors of Sam's, a female 
friend of hers from work and a couple of guys she introduced as friends from her 
college days. I was told there were another half dozen or so people coming, a 
few females and the rest guys. The backyard was as I remembered it, not secluded 
but not wide open either. I took notice of where the sun was so I could be sure 
and stand where it would work to my advantage. Not long after my arrival the 
rest of the guests had arrived and everyone was busy chatting, eating and 
drinking. I took notice of a few people who kept checking me out, one a very 
pretty Asian babe with medium length black hair. She was wearing a short skirt 
showing a nice pair of legs and a halter top accentuating a nice chest. 

I caught her looking at me and she made her way over to me.

"I'm Tian, You must be Nikki?"

"Yes I am." 

"You're the one that likes to be naked?"

'Yep, whenever I can."

"I'd like to see that, sometime." She said with a sexy grin

I was surprised how this babe was hitting on me and wondered if Sam had told her 
I'm Bi. Now I knew there was someone else other than Sam that would be watching 
me throughout the day. The afternoon was enjoyable and I managed to start 
getting the attention of a few of the guys. I had moved over to a spot where the 
sun was behind me and I knew that the dark color of my thong and my areola would be quite visible through my skirt and blouse. As I had my back to everyone I 
undid another button on my blouse. Now the only closed button just below my 
breasts and the tails tied together were holding my blouse closed. I also opened 
another button on the bottom of my skirt so a lot of leg would show when I sat 
down.

I saw almost immediately that the newly opened buttons did not go unnoticed, 
which caused my nipples to stiffen. It was time to up my game a bit and so I 
chose a seat across from Tian, Sam and a few others and sat down careful not to 
show anything. I saw how they watched my legs as I sat probably looking to catch 
a glimpse of panties. I made sure to cross and uncross my legs to keep 
everyone's attention. 

After a bit I excused myself and as I was getting up I allowed my legs to open 
just enough to give all those looking a glimpse of my sheer thong. I went in to 
Sam's bedroom and removed my thong, leaving it on her nightstand. I opened 
another button on my skirt so now there was just three buttons holding my skirt 
together. I stopped by the small bar and made myself a vodka and cranberry 
before going back to join the others. I had my drink in my hand so when I went 
to sit I wasn't able to hold my skirt. I could tell by the wide eyed look on Tian, Sam and the others that were facing me they saw I was now bare under my skirt. 

I don't even think they noticed the tops of my breasts that were exposed as I 
bent forward to sit. After being sure my lack of panties was noticed by most 
everyone I crossed my legs which hid my shaved cunt but left lots of bare leg 
exposed. Sam was smiling as she looked at me with my breasts almost falling out 
of my blouse and my skirt baring my legs just short of my hairless pussy. It 
seemed the guys and Tian were all mesmerized watching closely in hopes of 
getting another glimpse up my skirt.

I kept crossing one leg over the other occasionally giving everyone a look 
between my legs while still having it seem accidental. I had everyone's 
attention and I was loving it and so I continued to tease for a bit longer. I 
was not only enjoying myself flashing but also looking at the gorgeous legs of 
Tian in her short skirt. There was no doubt there was a mutual attraction 
between us. I had never really been hit on as I was by Tian during our initial 
meeting. I was still going to follow through with my plan and hoped Tian would 
appreciate it.

My glass was sweating in the heat of the day as the ice melted. I moved the 
glass to me lips taking a sip and then ran my tongue over my lips as Tian 
watched. I lowered the glass and let it touch my blouse which left a wet spot 
right on my left nipple. It wasn't until I repeated it on my right nipple that 
everyone noticed my blouse had become almost transparent. My nipples and areola 
were clearly visible now. I was going to feign embarrassment but I doubted 
anyone would believe it. 

It looked to me like my wet blouse had caused Tian's nipples to pop and push 
against her halter top. Maybe it was wishful thinking on my part but I hoped it 
was more than that. I uncrossed my legs letting them part just enough to allow 
everyone another look before pressing my legs together. The attention from 
everyone was exciting me and I was ready to lose my clothes but I forced myself 
to prolong it a bit more. Tian didn't take her eyes off of me, she kept looking 
at my bare legs and up to my nipples visible through my blouse. The heat of the 
day was starting to dry the wet spots on my blouse.

I needed to do something so I made like there was a bee near me (I really am 
afraid of bees) and made a quick move with my hand ( the one holding the glass 
with my vodka and cranberry) to scare it away. This of course caused some of my 
drink to spill on my blouse. The cranberry juice had been diluted by the vodka 
and melted ice but it still made a nice stain on my white blouse. I got up 
giving everyone a nice look at my bare pussy and made my way into the house and 
into the bathroom.

Sam followed me into the bathroom as I looked down at my blouse. Sam of course 
told me I should take the blouse off so she could spray some stain remover on it 
and wash it out. I untied the tails and undid the sole button holding my blouse 
closed. I took the blouse off and handed it to Sam.

"You have something I can put on while I wait for my blouse?"

"Nikki, don't tell me that my normally naked friend has gotten shy?"

"No, of course not Sam, Just didn't want to offend any of your guests."

"You will only offend them if you don't end up naked, and I think Tian is more anxious than anyone for you to lose your clothes." Sam said with a wink and a 
giggle.

Samantha wanted to go out before me so she could see the reaction of everyone 
when I walked back outside topless. I gave it a minute or so and checked myself 
in the mirror. My nipples were erect and I pulled and tweaked each one before 
heading back outside. Everyone was facing away from the door when I walked out 
except for Sam.

"You look more comfortable now Nikki." Sam said

Sam's words got everyone's attention and they all turned toward the door as I 
walked out in my skirt and sandals.

"Wow" said a man's voice

"You live up to your nickname." Tian said with a cute little laugh.

"What nickname?" asked one of Sam's neighbors.

"Nearly naked babe" Sam told him

"Oh my God, you're the one Sam told us about that gets naked all the time."

"Yes, that's me." I said trying to contain my excitement.

"I've read some of your stories and didn't think they could be for real." Sam's 
neighbor Lisa said.

I was in my glory and from the way my nipples were standing out I think everyone 
could tell I was loving the attention. I casually walked back over to my chair 
and sat down. There wasn't much conversation at first as everyone as everyone 
just looked at me sitting there, I moved to cross my legs and gave a flash which 
caused Tian to smile. The conversation began to flow again and everyone began 
asking me questions about my nude adventures. It seemed that everyone couldn't 
understand how I could be the only naked person someplace and not be 
embarrassed. I explained that I am more comfortable naked than I am wearing 
clothes and I am not ashamed or embarrassed but actually very turned on in those 
situations.

"I can see that." Tian said smiling once again.

I looked down at my stiff nipples then took each one between my thumb and index 
finger rolling them then pulling on them just enough to make them stand out a 
little more. I looked at Tian and she looked me right in the eyes as she 
sensuously slid her tongue over her lips making them glisten. I don't have much 
experience with being hit on by females but I was hoping Tian was doing just 
that. I'm always excited when I'm flashing, topless or fully naked in public. 
Today there was a heightened level of excitement for me and Tian was the cause. 

I wasn't sure how much longer I would be able to resist the urge to bare all. I 
myself find it sexy when a female is topless wearing jeans or a skirt, something 
other than a bikini bottom. I was hoping the others including Tian would feel 
the same way. I gave a little flash of my bare pussy when I got up to get a 
fresh drink. I gave another flash when I sat back down. In my mind I decided I 
would just wait a bit longer before I decided how I would lose my skirt. In the 
meantime there was food on the grill again and I made my way down off the deck 
onto the patio in just my skirt and sandals. 

Tian made sure she stayed pretty close to me and I was happy about it. I didn't 
know what would happen but I certainly knew what I hoped would happen. My 
nipples would have made it impossible for me to hide my excitement, but I was 
happy for everyone to see them fully erect. After eating I wanted to take a 
stroll out around the yard, so I went back up onto the deck and found Sam.

"Sam, I wanted to go take a walk around the yard. Do you think I need to put my 
top on?"

"Nikki, I told you that whatever you wear or don't wear is fine with everyone." 
Sam said reassuring me.

Now I of course didn't need any reassurance I was just playing my little game 
for the sake of her guests. So off I went walking out into the backyard topless, 
my boobs bouncing enough to keep everyone's attention. The backyard was pretty 
deep and I took my time walking around enjoying the sun on my bare breasts and 
everyone watching me. I was hoping Tian would come out and join me but she 
didn't. Maybe I was reading something into the looks she was giving me that 
really wasn't there. 

I returned to the deck after my walk and sat down to finish my drink. We spent 
another 30 minutes or so chit chatting and then I heard Sam call me from inside. 
She was just at the far side of the kitchen near the entrance to the hallway 
leading to the bathroom and the bedrooms.

"What's up?" 

"Anything I can do to help you?" I asked

"No, Just wondering if you were going to a you know, lose your skirt?" Sam asked 
shyly

"Well if you want me to you know I will. I planned on doing it but I was trying 
to tease a bit."

"I think you've teased everyone enough." I heard a voice say from behind me.

I turned around and saw Tian standing there smiling. She walked slowly towards 
me and I turned to face her. Her hands went toward the waist of my skirt and she 
deftly undid the few buttons holding it together and soon my skirt was in her hands. 

"I'll take those sandals too please." Tian said with a devious but sexy smile.

I kicked off my sandals and Tian took them along with my skirt. I didn't know 
where she put them but maybe she had seen my panties and blouse in the bedroom and put them all together. Tian walked back into the kitchen, took my hand and led me out to the deck. There was silence as everyone realized I was now bare ass naked. 



I have always said that reliving my adventures while writing them out to post 
excites me nearly as much as when I actually do it. This one is no exception and 
because everyone seems to want details I have to be honest. I hope this doesn't 
offend anyone but I am listening to all of the feedback I get about the 
adventures I post. I spend most of my time naked at home and so I am naked when I write out my adventures. Many times I find myself needing to stop because I get so excited I need to masturbate or I would never get anything done. 

So I am stopping here because this adventure is too long to be one part. Also 
because my pussy is aching for attention and I need to grab my pocket rocket or 
rabbit while proofreading this part and make myself cum so I can continue.

As always your e-mails and comments, good or bad and your votes are always 
welcome. 

To be continued

Hugs to all

Nikki



Memorial Day Barbeque Strip Ch. 02
by Nrlynkdbabe©


When I left off I was in dire need of an orgasm or I would never clear my mind 
enough to continue on with my barbeque adventure. Since I was already naked and 
very worked up while reliving this latest adventure it didn't take long for me 
to cum. I had my laptop sitting on my desk and so I pushed my chair back and 
began pulling and tweaking on my nipples causing them to stiffen and standout 
even more. 

I moved two fingers along my already very wet slit and then I used my rabbit 
vibrator (The Jack Rabbit) which vibrates and rotates. I slipped it in slowly as 
it vibrated and rotated and as it was inserted deeper the ears began hitting my 
clit. I was so close as I used one hand to work the vibrator in and out and the 
other to play with my nipples. It wasn't too many strokes before I could feel my 
orgasm building, then my body stiffened and I began to moan as I began to cum, 
soaking the towel I sat on. I sat back with the vibrator still in me for a few 
minutes before getting up. After a soothing shower I was ready to continue 
writing. I have put the last paragraph or so of the first part below to refresh 
everyone's memory on where I left off.





I returned to the deck after my walk and sat down to finish my drink. We spent 
another 30 minutes or so chit chatting and then I heard Sam call me from inside. 
She was just at the far side of the kitchen near the entrance to the hallway 
leading to the bathroom and the bedrooms.

"What's up?" 

"Anything I can do to help you?" I asked

"No, Just wondering if you were going to a you know, lose your skirt?" Sam asked 
shyly

" Well if you want me to you know I will. I planned on doing it but I was trying 
to tease a bit."

" I think you've teased everyone enough." I heard a voice say from behind me.

I turned around and saw Tian standing there smiling. She walked slowly towards 
me and I turned to face her. Her hands went toward the waist of my skirt and she 
deftly undid the few buttons holding it together and soon my skirt was in her 
hands. 

"I'll take those sandals too please." Tian said with a devious but sexy smile.

I kicked off my sandals and Tian took them along with my skirt. I didn't know 
where she put them but maybe she had seen my panties and blouse in the bedroom and put them all together. Tian walked back into the kitchen, took my hand and led me out to the deck. There was silence as everyone realized I was now bare ass naked and I was undoubtedly the center of attention. I was in my comfort 
zone now, I am more comfortable naked among the clothed then they are with my 
nakedness. 

I often find that it's the people who are dressed that are embarrassed by my 
nakedness. I figure I'm naked I expect you to stare at me but most only look for 
a few seconds and turn away. Tian certainly had no problem looking at me but 
most of the others seemed to be shy now that I was naked. It even took Samantha 
a little while to be comfortable with my nakedness. After I had made my naked 
entrance onto the deck I stood there a minute or two for everyone to get a good 
look. I went over to the little bar and got another drink before going to sit 
down. Sam had brought out a towel for me to put on the chair to make it a bit 
more comfortable for my naked ass. 

There was really no conversation going on and I thought perhaps my being naked 
wasn't such a good idea. I knew Sam and Tian were fine with it but maybe the 
other females had been accepting of me topless but had a problem with me naked 
in front of their guys. I sipped my drink and waited but the conversation 
minimal at best.

" I think I should go in and get dressed, I think I'm making everyone uncomfortable." I said as I started to get up

"No!" Tian said 

"I mean, I'm sure no one here meant to make you feel that way." Tian said

"She's right, please don't feel you need to get dressed." Sam's neighbor Tricia 
said

Everyone chimed in and asked that I stay as I am. 

"Fine if everyone is sure." I said

Tian started the conversation by asking about my naked adventures.

"Have you really arrived at parties naked?" she asked

"Sure, I was going to arrive here that way but Sam wanted me to tease a bit."

"You would have walked from your car and down the street naked?" Tricia asked

"I'd like to see that." Tricia's husband Tom said earning him a jab to the ribs 

"I'd like to see that too." Tian said with a big smile 

'Well Samantha told me there are just a few kids in the neighborhood and they 
wouldn't be around today."

"So will you do it?" Tom asked risking another jab to the ribs

"Come on Nikki, let's take a walk." Tian said reaching for my hand

I got up from my chair and took Tian's hand in mine and we walked off the deck 
with everyone following us. We walked around the house, out to the driveway and 
down to the sidewalk. I was hoping that the group was going to stop there and 
not follow us on the walk. Thankfully they stayed at the end of the driveway and 
watched us walk away down the sidewalk. I was excited and did my best to hide 
it, although one look at my nipples would give it away. I love the pictures of 
two females, one clothed and one naked walking in public holding hands. 

I think I should describe Tian for everyone before I continue. She is a gorgeous 
28 year old Asian, specifically Chinese with beautiful dark eyes and blue/black 
hair down to her shoulders. She's about 5'3 and maybe 105 pounds with cute perky 
breasts and gorgeous legs. I would guess her measurements to be about 32C-22-34 and just stunningly beautiful. She was wearing a halter top, sans bra and a 
short denim skirt with a thong (which I saw later) and sandals. We walked hand 
in hand down the sidewalk through Samantha's neighborhood. I glanced behind us 
to see everyone still watching us and knew that I too if I were in their place.

As we reached the corner the butterflies began dancing in my stomach, my nipples 
seemed to get harder and my pussy began to throb. I wasn't all that familiar 
with this area so I wasn't sure exactly what we would encounter on our walk. We turned the corner and we found ourselves on another quiet street. 

"Are you alright Nikki?" Tian asked

"Yes, I'm fine."

"I don't know how you can be so calm out here naked with nothing to put on."

"Believe me inside I'm a bundle of nerves but I love this." 

We walked a bit further and were passing a small wooded area when we saw a small dirt path. I don't know why but I turned onto the path pulling Tian with me. The path went for maybe a half mile and I enjoyed the feeling of the cool dirt on my bare feet. We were just about ready to turn around when I saw an opening and 
wanted to see what was out there. I expected to see houses or maybe a playground but it was just a small empty field of green grass. After entering the field, the grass so soft on my feet we found a little slope and sat down. I was hoping we weren't near any ant hills or anything, but after sitting a few minutes I 
didn't see any insects so I began to relax and enjoy being with Tian. 

We chatted some about this or that, all the while Tian and I were casually 
touching each other. There was a lot more bare skin of mine to be touched and I 
wanted Tian to touch it all. She however only touched my shoulder, arm or 
sometimes my bare leg driving me crazy. I wanted so much more but as I have said I'm not great at being aggressive with females just yet.

The casual conversation and touching continued as we moved a bit closer and Tian 
was caressing me a bit more. I leaned forward just a little and that's when Tian 
leaned in and gave me a tender kiss on the lips. I guessed she was testing the 
waters to see if I would pull away but I moved a bit closer and our lips met 
again. This time the kiss was harder, I gently pushed my tongue between Tian's 
luscious lips and our tongues met. Our tongues entwined as our kiss became 
harder and more passionate. I didn't care now if someone came along or not as we 
continued to kiss passionately. We laid down in the soft green grass and 
continued to kiss as Tian began moving her hands over my breasts and nipples. 

I moved my hand over onto her body and squeezed her breasts through her halter 
top. I wanted more, I moved my hand down to the hem of her halter and slid my 
hand up and onto her bare breasts, feeling her nipples respond to my touch. My 
nipples were so hard and my cunt was wet and aching for attention. Tian rolled 
to the side and I thought she was going to end it here. If she had I think I 
would have masturbated right then and there, I could never go back to the party 
as hot and horny as I was thanks to Tian. Thankfully when she rolled off to the 
side she sat up and pulled her halter top off leaving her topless. As I expected 
her tits were perfectly shaped with perky nipples that revealed her excitement. 
She tossed her top off to the side and moved back over to me. 

She lowered herself down to kiss me and our naked torso's came together. 
Thought's of arrest for indecent exposure, public lewdness and who knows what 
else crossed my mind but Tian's bare tits soon pushed all responsible thoughts 
from my mind. Tian moved her way down my body kissing my neck then moving down kissing and gently sucking on each of my nipples. My hands were caressing 
anywhere they could reach as she moved down kissing my belly. When she kissed my bellybutton I felt a twinge in my pussy. If anyone came along now they would see some show because I had no intention of stopping. I thought I would cum before her tongue ever even touched my outer pussy lips. Tian was now down between my legs and she gently kissed my inner thighs with her soft sexy lips. She didn't touch my cunt at all in the beginning, she just drove me wild with soft kisses 
all over my inner thighs and around my wet mound. 

"Please, I want your tongue inside me." I pleaded with her.

She teased me a bit more and then her tongue flicked my clit, making me jump. 
She slid her tongue along my slit making me moan. I reached down and pushed 
gently on her head hoping she would put her tongue inside me. Tian moved her 
hands down and with her fingers gently pulled my outer lips open before she 
jammed her tongue deep inside me. Her thumb played with my clit as her tongue 
moved all around inside me. It was too much for me to stand, I was naked in 
public, my clothes were blocks away and I had a beautiful topless females tongue 
in my cunt. My body began to tremble as the first waves of my orgasm began. I 
came and I came hard, my juice soaking Tian's face between my legs and down my 
ass. I couldn't catch my breath at first, I had been so excited since I began 
flashing earlier at Sam's house. 

I finally was catching my breath as I laid there looking at Tian her face wet 
from my cum. I looked around and still there was no one in site as I sat up and 
moved toward Tian. I moved in and kissed her hard tasting myself as our tongues 
did battle. I broke off the kiss and gently pushed Tian onto her back. I rolled 
her nipples between my fingers gently pulling them, causing them to stiffen even 
more. I slid my hands down her body and began to undo her skirt.

"Nikki, we should go back, they must think we got arrested." 

"No, not yet." I said I began to tug her skirt down.

Tian didn't resist as she raised herself up enough for me to get her skirt down 
to her knees. She was wearing a sheer thong that allowed her small patch of hair 
to show through. I pushed her skirt down to her ankles and reached for the thin 
waistband of her thong. She raised up willingly as I pulled the thong down to 
meet her skirt. I moved back and removed her skirt, thong and sandals tossing 
them over with her top. Her body was so petite but yet so perfect. Her pubic 
hair was trimmed into a small patch but it was the soft, wispy black pubic hair 
that I think is so sexy. I glanced around quickly and saw we were still alone 
thankfully as I moved my mouth down to kiss her inner thighs. I felt the heat 
coming from her pussy as I kissed and teased her like she had done to me. 

"Turn around Nikki." Tian whispered breathlessly.

I didn't understand at first but I soon understood as I moved around and placed 
my pussy above her head as my mouth moved between her legs. As I began flicking her clit with my tongue and caressing her legs and inner thighs she put her 
hands on my ass and pulled my cunt down to her mouth. OMG I was ready to explode in no time, as I was having my first fully naked sex in public. We were both so worked up and even though I had cum just minutes earlier it didn't take long for 
me to start to tremble. I moved my tongue in and out of Tian's pussy as I teased 
her clit and swirled my tongue around when it was deep inside. I could feel Tian 
began to shake as she pulled my pussy down harder on her mouth while I kept 
moving working her cunt over with my mouth and tongue. We didn't cum 
simultaneously but I do think Tian let go just seconds before me.

We lay there as we were catching our breath for a few minutes before I was able 
to move off of her. I sat up and pulled Tian up leaning in to kiss her one more 
time, mixing our sex juices together. Tian reached over and pulled a few tissues 
from the pocket of her skirt which we used to clean ourselves off as best as 
possible. 

"I guess we should get dressed." I said, momentarily forgetting I had no clothes 
with me. 

Tian giggled and reached for her pile of clothes, I guess the disappointment was 
showing on my face.

"What's the matter Nikki?"

"I was hoping you would walk back naked with me and really shock everyone." 

" You're the one who loves to run around naked, not me." 

"I know but I was hoping maybe." I saw her pulling her thong on and stopped in 
mid sentence as I knew I would once again be the lone naked female.

Tian had her thong and skirt on and she was reaching for her top. I hurried and 
grabbed it feeling like a giddy teenager. 

" Nikki, give me my top please." Tian said trying to look serious.

" If you won't walk back naked than how about topless?"

"No way, I can't walk around like this."

" Why not you look good like that and you'll be holding your shirt so you can 
put it on p if we see anyone coming." 

We went back and forth for a few minutes before I finally wore her down and got 
her to agree to go topless and barefoot. I love being barefoot and love seeing 
other females with sexy feet walking barefoot is a turn on for me. Tian seemed 
comfortable as we left the field and entered the dirt path leading through the 
woods to the road. As we neared the opening leading to the sidewalk I could see 
she was getting nervous so I grabbed her hand and we left the confines of the 
woods and were back in the open.

"How do you stay so calm when your out naked like this?" "I'm only topless and 
it's scaring me to death."

" I'm always nervous when I go naked anywhere public but thrill I get is worth 
it." 

We hadn't seen anyone since we left the group out in front of Samantha's house. 
I was hoping someone would drive by or something just to see how Tian would 
react. There really wasn't anywhere much to hide and with me holding her hand 
she would have a hard time getting her blouse on (Yes I know I am evil, lol) so 
she would most likely be seen by whoever passed by us. Unfortunately we saw no 
one, that is until we turned the corner onto Sam's street.

"Here they come now." I heard a female voice yell.

I looked down the street and saw Sam walking toward us.

"OMG are you two alright?" Sam asked before her mouth gaped open.

Suddenly Tian remembered she was topless and tried to break her hand free of 
mine so she could cover up. 

"It's fine sweetie." as I gently grabbed the small bundle from her hands 
containing her top and sandals. 

Now everyone was out in front as they were when we started out on a walk which I 
later found out had taken us just over an hour. A few told Tian how great she 
looked topless and a few looked at her in silence. It was obvious she was still 
uncomfortable with her boobs out in the open but it seemed like the compliments 
were helping to put her at ease. We explained our long absence by telling 
everyone we had taken a trail through the woods into a field that we walked 
around a bit. We said that we couldn't find the trail at first when we went to 
head back.

"Well how did she end up topless?" Tricia asked with a sly grin

"We made a bet and I lost." Tian said smiling at me.

"Now can I please have my top?" Tian asked 

I reluctantly gave in and handed Tian her halter top. She had stayed topless 
longer than I thought she would and I didn't want to push her too far. We all 
went back around to the deck and Tian and I talked about our walk.

"It was very exciting, scary and also fun to be walking out in public topless, 
although I think it was my first and last time." 

"We'll see." I said winking at Tian

I wanted to go into the powder room and freshen up a bit so I excused myself to 
go inside. Both Samantha and Tian followed me.

"What really happened out there?" Sam asked with a knowing smile.

"It was just as we told you." I said

"I know Tian and she couldn't have been talked out of her top so easily."

"Nikki is very persuasive." Tian said with a giggle

"Someday I hope you two tell me what really happened." Sam said with a sly grin

"I want to freshen up a little and maybe get dressed."

Both Tian and Sam told me that there was no reason for me to get dressed, that 
everyone was fine with me naked and would be disappointed if I was dressed.

"Fine with me." I said as I headed off to the powder room.

I had just finished freshening up when there was a knock on the door, I opened 
it to find Tian standing there. I let her in and closed the door once again.

"I wanted to thank you for an exciting afternoon." Tian said before leaning in 
and kissing me on the lips.

We kissed for a few minutes and said we would get together. I went back out to 
the deck and Tian came out a few minutes later. We all sat around talking about 
this and that and I them about some of my short little nude adventures. Time had 
passed quickly and soon the party people began saying their goodbyes.

"I'm going to go in and get dressed so I can head home also." 

"I'll bet you don't have the nerve to go home naked." Tian said with a wicked 
smile.

Suddenly there was much chatter as everyone began talking about the possibility 
of me leaving naked.

"I offered to arrive naked, why would I leave naked?"

"I don't think you'll do it." Tian said 

"What do I get if I win the bet?"

"I'll get topless with you again outdoors."

"I want more than that, I want you naked somewhere with me."

Everyone was trying to get Tian to take the bet. Most didn't know me that well 
and had not read my adventures. So they really didn't know that me going home 
naked was not a big deal to me. I guess the thought of me driving the 20 minutes 
or so home totally naked with no way to cover up was exciting everyone at the 
party as much as it excites me to do it. I love being naked and as far away as 
possible from my clothes or any type of cover up. That has been the biggest 
cause of my dwindling wardrobe as so many of my clothes have been lost, thrown 
away or destroyed. 

It was quite amusing to hear everyone try and convince Tian to bet me and the 
conversations that ensued about me stopping and putting my clothes on after I 
drove out of sight or having something in my car as an emergency cover up. It 
was agreed that if Tian did bet me that I would have to leave my clothes at 
Sam's house and that Tian and another witness could check my car for any type of 
clothing or anything that I could use to cover my nakedness. I was at the point 
I was going to forego the bet just to put an end to it all and leave naked. I 
really wanted another chance to have some fun with Tian and I was very exited 
when she finally succumbed to the pressure and agreed to the bet.



Samantha went inside and got my small purse and my clothes. Once everyone saw my top, skirt, thong and sandals Sam took them back inside somewhere. It was 
decided that Tian and Tricia's guy Tom would go down to my car with me and check 
both inside and the trunk for anything that could be used as a cover up. I 
thought all this checking everywhere was a bit much but I went along with it. I 
myself get so excited when I go somewhere with nothing at all to cover myself, 
so I guess those who know I'm doing it get excited also.

Finally my car was deemed clothes free and we went back to Sam's yard so I could 
say goodbye to everyone before I left. They all wanted to watch me walk naked 
one more time when I went to my car and drove off. I started back to my car 
shaking my ass just a bit more then I stopped and waved before getting in my car 
and driving off. I really need to get one of those soft strap thingies to put on 
the seatbelt part that goes across my chest.

Thankfully it was an uneventful trip home, I went inside and right into the 
shower. I thought about masturbating with the handheld showerhead as I often do 
but decided against it. I finished my shower, toweled off and relaxed to watch a 
little TV, naked of course. I have not seen Tian yet but we did chat on the 
phone one night and I reminded her that she had lost the bet. She was very aware 
of that and I expect we will get together sometime soon but I don't know if she 
will have to pay up then.



Thanks again to everyone for your support, comments, e-mails and votes. I will 
be posting the follow-up of the elevator adventure with Jenna. I have some new 
things I want to try thanks to Sassy Susan , who I have come to love and adore 
through our daily communications.

Hugs to all

Nikki


 