Kleon went down to destroy the pizza in front of him.
"Yum..." He groaned in pleasure with a mouthful. "I just love Sinister PIZZA!"
The book shop was empty. People actually tend to sleep at midnight. But not Kleon. He razed the whole extra-large cheese double decker pizza within minutes. With a burp he finished gulping down the remaining Coke, sighing with contentment. His legs were perched up on the desk before him. Kleon closed his eyes for a moment.
"I JUST HATE DEMONS!" A raging women with fiery streaks burst in. Kleon opened his left eye to see the cause of the commotion. He found the buxom redhead cursing and muttering with every step she took towards him.
"Hey, I'm a demon too!" Kleon protested, his voice dripping with amusement and mockery. It surely did the trick, which is to kindle her anger.
"FUCK YOU, Kleon!" She said as she stomped by her side into the inner sanctuary of their shared home-cum-bookshop. Kleon smirked. A pissed Ariel to deal with. The night couldn't get any better.
He was so bloody wrong.
It happened all of a sudden as a hiss echoed in the empty hall of the book store. Kleon was in a light slumber. He opened his eyes to stare at the left side of the book rack just in front of him. The sound of claws clicking on the white marble floor was too faint to be heard by a mortal but likely the case, Kleon wasn't one.
"You do not surprise me anymore." He said matter-of-factly. His eyes closing again on their own accord.
"Kleon..." A melodious but heavily pained voice resounded.
He was up and before the crouched figure in a heartbeat. He supported her body weight.
"Thanks..." She gasped.
Kleon carefully took her and seated her on a nearby bench. His eyes roaming all over her ample body, calculating her wounds. Clearly broken ribs, a dislocated shoulder, mild concussion, split lips and jagged talons.
"Ariel!" He called out, within seconds, the redhead was beside him. She gasped at the broken state of the silver haired beauty.
"Who did this to you?" She said as she placed her palm on her forehead and started chanting healing spells. Slowly but noticeably the concussion diminished, the split lips formed back to their luscious state. Broken ribs joined back. Some other minor bruises and cuts taken care of.
"Kleon hold her steady." The redhead instructed. Kleon clamped the silver haired women from her back, arms sliding around her waist and fingers entwining.
"This is going to hurt..." She moaned, her voice less pained now. The redhead nodded in acknowledgement. She let out a shrill cry when the bone was set back into the socket. The pain was pierced by the warmth spreading from the other girl's palm.
"Who?" Both the women flinched at the darkness oozing out of his words. His dark side was at the brink.
Now totally healed, the older women stood up still a bit groggy. Kleon followed next. The red head stood up from her crouched position.
"Calm down Kleon." The women before her ordered. His inner darkness subsiding a bit.
The redhead placed her hand on his shoulder. The friendly gesture doing its work.
"Let's settle down and then we can talk."
All of them seated around his desk.
"We hunters of the black demons are in eminent danger," Riviera started as they settled down.
"Tonight while I was shadow walking around the district, I noticed an ethereal disturbance near the Grimoire. The nightclub was, as usual packed. But what really pulled my attention was a strange aura. I went to investigate and dropped my guard for a moment and a demon caught me by surprise. I killed it but was hurt badly during the fight."
Silence prevailed in the room. The faint moon light that entered the place through the big glass windows created a mirage.
"So the danger is neutralized?" Ariel asked.
Riviera shook her head, "No, that was just a minion. The threat have probably taken over the club," She said quietly pointing at Kleon, "And we must tread carefully else we lose the west wing totally."
Kleon had a grim expression on his face. It was three in the morning and Riviera needed some rest before they can gather forces and act on this invasion.
He spoke to Ariel, "Arii take Riviera to you room and you two rest for now. I'll update Juno about this and then do some recon on this 'threat'."
Ariel went rigid when she heard the name and a sad and concerned expression flared across her pretty features but she managed to compose herself before anyone noticed. It was futile to try and stop Kleon when he have that expression on his face. She gently held her hand out for Riviera who took the cue and they both walked back inside.
Kleon moved his sleek black hair, which was a little messy right now, out of his eyesight.
'First things first.' He managed to find his cellphone and dialled Juno.
"Hey, handsome. Isn't it a bit late for a date?" A sly and delicious voice answered.
"Juno. It's an emergency."
"What happened?" her voice was lacking the slyness. Back to business.
"Riviera... she was attacked and hurt badly. A demon rooting around Grimoire. A very powerful one. One of its minion attacked her."
She remained silent. "Kleon, don't go there alone. I'll there in five."
Before he could protest she hung up.
"Goddamnit!' He muttered under his breath. He isn't complaining to have the sexy girl by his side, but her being human might interfere in his plans, making them a little less covert.
Kleon swept his hair back from his face again. He checked for his pistol. Devi gifted the 'Kaal' to him when he turned a demon hunter. It looks like any normal one except brass veins circulating all around it into intricate patterns. All but the fact that it doesn't need bullets as it shoots acid shots, capable of burning anything unholy.
Next he pulled open a secret compartment just under his desk where lives his weapon of preference. Black celestial steel glinted in the low light as he drew out 'Apocalypsis', a long sword.
Its hilt was platinum, making it and himself insulated from any spells thrown in his direction. The neck was wickedly curved to form a half arc. On the hilt was the sign of Glen Oris, giving him total immunity from angelic power. Angels, after all have an irritating quirk of intervening in the most inappropriate moments.
That they weren't particularly kind to the non-humans, even to ones on their own side. The grip was grey leather of who-knows-whose skin. The edge was razor sharp and will draw blood with a slight touch.
He slung it over his back with the help of a custom belt made to carry Apocalypsis, Kaal and some silver throwing blades.
He was just about to lock the entrance with the fortify spell when he felt pinpricks in his neck. Juno is here.
Across the street was standing a girl similar to his age. Her light blond hair tugged back in a high ponytail pulled together with a simple leather thong. She wore a red cotton shirt tugged inside a worn blue jeans, twin short-swords hanging from her hips. Her crossed arms emphasizing her heavy C-cups. Her delectable figure eliciting a warm sensation of desire deep inside Kleon. Particularly her all-knowing smugness. She was just like him. Feisty and powerful.
She crossed the street with surprising grace for a human, her flaring hips swaying with every step. She was an epitome of sexuality.
He just stood there while she came all the way, slung her arms around his neck and pulled him down for a searing and mind-blowing kiss. But when he tried to delve his tongue into the action she pulled back.
She smiled ruefully in the same position, clearly aware of the desire crossing his black eyes.
"Hello again handsome." Her husky voice eliciting a groan from the male.
"We have work to do." He said as he cupped her butt cheeks with both of his hands and pulled her firmly to his rigidness rubbing against her slowly.
She gasped remarkably. "Then I'm going to punish you for that little disobedience."
She bowed her head, staring up at him like that, "Punish me as you wish, Master." Her deep mirthful and desirable voice betraying her submissive stance.
He inhaled the fragrance of Jasmin coming of off her.
He ravished her mouth once more then pushed her back down, not without giving a playful swat to her ass.
She giggled and followed him.

"When are you going to confess your feelings to my nephew, girl?"
The sudden break in the silence shook her.
"W-What did you say?" She inquired hoping she heard it wrong.
Riviera rolled her eyes at her expense. "Please. I'm not a neanderthal like Kleon is. Even a blind could notice the way you look at him."
Ariel was blushing furiously. Her heavy mane of blood red hair hiding her face partially. She shifted in the bed.
"Ariel... you can talk to me." Her voice was soft.
Reverie I can't." Her voice broke with a whimper.
The older women sighed. She pulled the girl into an embrace which was almost motherly. Her fingers stroking her hair.
"Talk. If you won't, you'll never have him." She felt moisture covering her shoulder where the other girl was clearly weeping.
"I can't. He'll never accept me like that. He's already got... got Juno for it." She trembled with every word.
"He doesn't need me."
"NO, ARII!" her sudden burst stopped her breathing. She stared up at the silver haired women. Her black eyes, similar to her nephew's, flashing with some past distress. At that moment Ariel realized how less she knew about the women who was almost like a second mother to her.
Reverie's expression softened.
"Arii. Don't give up. Ever." Her words amazed Ariel. Reverie, Love? No way!
"Because I did the same mistake years ago and I'm still paying for it." She closed her eyes but not before Ariel caught a hint of moisture in them. When she opened them next, she was the same old. "So I really advise you to follow your heart. You've turned into a beautiful girl and you two have known each other for years." She continued after wiping the wetness from the eyes of the girl next to her. "It's impossible for a pig head like my nephew is," Arii couldn't stop herself from giggling, "Not to notice you as a women now."
"But he never..." She was cut short.
"He does." Reverie said with a sparkle in her eyes. "I've noticed it quite a few times now."
"Really?" Ariel asked with a small voice. Her innocence adorable to Reverie. So she pulled her more tightly to herself.
"Yes." Reverie breathed. It was really surprising to see a fierce hunter like Ariel breaking down in her embrace. She have fought along the redhead and knew well how much of a warrior she was. A feisty and fiery women.
'Just like Leandra.' She thought. She smiled at the fond memories of her late sister, Kleon's mom. Then her expression hardened when she remembered what cruel fate did to her and her mate, Denver.
"So who was he? Do we know him?" Reverie looked down at the girl who was now smiling.
"Who was who?" She damn well knew what she was talking about. But give her a break, this girl is just twenty.
"You know," She used her guiltless little voice, "The person you fall in love with." Ariel fiddled with a lock of her hair.
"You young women," Reverie spoke with a stern rebuking voice, a not so discreet hilarity hidden within, and "Are not as pure as I was led to believe."
Arii gave her a genuine smile.
"I think I might be able to help you about your problem. And no. I don't want to talk about it." She noticed the disappointment in her eyes, "At least not right now."
So what followed next was something that should be clearly and honestly kept between the mature advisor and the frequently blushing attendee.

Kleon was in deep thoughts while he and Juno continued their flight towards their destination. He felt turmoil deep inside him. They jumped from rooftop to rooftop, bending and streaking through various obstacles.
The reason for his anxiety were two women. Hot and blond Juno vs. sweet and fiery Arii. Juno, no doubt was sexy as sin, but so was Arii. Ariel was a little more conserved then the crafty blond at his side. He knew she won't approach him like Juno did few months ago. Juno was a great fuck and she liked it hard. Arii, on the other side was still shrouded in mystery. Don't get it wrong. They were friends from who-knows-how many years and he knows everything there is to know about the redhead. Well that was an overstatement. He knows her very well, that is true, but she never seizes to surprise him.
He ducked as he crossed a hanger wire, jumping around a water-tank over to the next roof.
He was surely interested in her. He can't deny himself that. And the agony of not having her was nagging him for months. Since that wonderful day when he saw her in a bikini for the first time. She was always uptight with her clothing but after the five tequila shots, she and her friends went into an exhibitionist frenzy near the pool. Or rather what he thought it was when he saw Juno,
Mary, Rayne and Arii, dancing and rubbing against each other before him and some of the other guys.
The image of her in that yellow two piece. With her wet bloody mane cascading all over her body, her firm D-cups clenching tightly around the top, her nipples poking an impression round the satiny material, her taught midriff twisting in agonizing motions and her bottom clinging to her wide ass cheeks, was enough to cause nose bleeds.
He was totally confused. Juno or Ariel? Maybe both? He shook his head.
'Not the time.' He tried to convince himself.
"We're close." Juno whispered from his left. He let his consciousness flow around the area. He felt a number of black demon energy signatures to his right way ahead.
"I don't feel any excessively powerful one though. Let's mask anyway." He said as he used his demon touch to hide his energy signature, his scent and smell. Juno did the same, weaving a spell.
Juno was a human so he knew they can't count on shadowing. She was a mage, but shadow walking was way out of her league. They took the air vent at the top of the club. Being a being of the other realm he can't enter places that are owned by humans without permission. But he had learned it in a very small age that you can bend this rule. Just find an alternative route such that none of the residents see you until you're inside.
Not surprisingly there were still mortals inside. They crawled through the tiny space, Kleon intently ogling at Juno's ass all the while. Then he noticed something strange.
"Juno?"
"What?" She hissed.
"Why are you going commando?"
She snickered and shook her delectable ass on his face. Clearly there was no panty line. Fuck, his member was poking holes through his shorts.
"I'm being naughty, handsome. To get you all hot and bothered."
He just grunted. She was making it so hard. How is a hot-blooded demon like himself supposed to concentrate on the task at hand with nymphomaniacs like her are running around without underclothes?
They jumped down when the vent bent down. After some more crawling and torture for Kleon, they finally reached their destination. The Gents Bathroom.
Fortunately it was empty, but they doubted they have much time to slip out before some guy needs to take a piss after gulping down a half quintal of beer.
"You," He said to Juno, "Stick to my back and follow my steps."
She smiled, a wicked glimmer to her eyes.
He pushed the door and entered the corridor connecting the dance floor and bar to the washroom. There were three girls, laughing at something, clearly down the sober lane. They saw the handsome guy slipping out of the men's' with a hot blond chick behind her.
The black girl gave them a wide knowing smile, "Some hot piece of meat you got there gal."
"Wanna share him with us tonight?" Her brunette friend joked.
Juno, being Juno replied, "Not tonight sisters. This cock meat is mine for tonight." She winked at them, "But don't worry. I'll bring him around some day for you. Just make sure you three are present."
She added patting his rigidness through his pants. He took a sharp breath and the girls just giggled some more.
Outside the first thing that assaulted them was the acrid smell of black demons, Demons who refused to walk the path of light as proposed by the angles centuries ago. They were big bad bullies in the form of humans to blend in with the masse. But the sensitive's like Juno, could see their true form and smell their pisspot scent. Both of them walked casually to the bar.
Now for those who are wondering how the three girls failed to acknowledge the huge sword on his back or his wicked pistol or Juno's short-swords, here is the fact. They aren't ordinary weapons. The use of god and demon elements makes them invisible as well as inaccessible to humans. Moreover, by using certain spells they have managed to hide them from plain sight for almost everyone, be it mortal or immortal.
"A Bloody Mary for me and a Bud Light for the girl." He ordered to the typical bald bartender. Grimoire wasn't what you will call a frequent club for him and his buddies. They tend to hang around Calypso's, which was grander and nearer to their abode.
"BEER?! You have a bloody Mary and I have a beer?" She snorted crossing her arms. He chuckled. She looked so damn cute with her brows creased and her little upturned nose.
"Yes, my dear. You're not twenty-one yet, remember?" He grinned mockingly touching her nose lovingly before leaning closer to her left ear and whispering, "Payback is such a bitch. Moreover you need to be sober."
Juno's eyes widened and she slapped his arm away. "YOU..."
But her retort was cut short by the sudden overwhelming pressure they countered. Kleon blocked instinctually but Juno wasn't so lucky. She stumbled but an arm snaked around her waist stopped her from falling.
And they saw him. And he was big. Even taller than Kleon's six and a half feet stature. What astounded them even more was that he retained his human form even to their eyes.
His minions looked the way they really do, menacing and ugly with horns sprouting from their heads chaotically, slime drooling out of their mouths.
But the real boss looked human, except the deep aura of dark energy radiating from him. And he was devilishly handsome, almost rivalling Kleon.
His shoulder length deep blue hair was pulled back with the help of clips. Clearly masculine features and a strong body. He was a few inches shorter then Kleon but his clearly stocky body fairly made it up against Kleon's more agile and trim one who preferred more to be an athlete then some body builder.
"Turn around," He said doing the same and facing the bar, she followed suit. "Act like we're here for some fun."
The bartender mixed him his drink and passed a bottle of Budweiser to her. She wrinkled her nose but drank it anyway. Kleon gulped a large fill, feeling satisfied when the liquid travelled down his throat, burning like hell. The drink was a personal favourite of his.
By his peripheral vision he kept an eye on the group now settling down in a dark corner. A busty brunette waitress swayed towards them. One of the demon grabbed her by her ass and pulled her down on his lap. Kleon searched for any sign of discomfort on the girls face but when he found none, he ignored the groping.  
This act gave him an insight to how much influence they have already gained. The unusual lack of interference by the bouncers screamed VIP. Then only would they be ignored with such a lewd gesture inside the club.
Hopefully, their ruse was still holding. The waitress pried herself out of the clutches of the demon and walked away with their orders. Kleon now tried to concentrate his consciousness towards the table for four, but after trying for the third time he gave up. Not even his incredibly heightened senses were able to distinguish the voices of the targets from the loud music and so many undertones of other voices.
"We need to get closer," He nestled close to his partner, carefully judging the safest empty table that will allow them to overhear. He found one, four table east of their targets.
He grabbed Juno by her waist, who squealed and laughed on being manhandled.
Crossing the room filled with buck and booze, they silently slipped on the chairs, with Kleon facing the group. He eyed Juno who nodded and touched his open palm on the table.
The Mortal gaze, a spell used to see through energy barriers that some powerful immortals put on to screen their actual form from unwanted attention. Juno raised her other arm parallel to her head, palm facing Kleon. He on the other hand concentrated at her palm. Slowly a black dot appeared amidst her pale skin. He provoked it to spread with his own magic. Her palm slowly inched towards the boss sitting ahead of them. The black speck on her palm widened into a hazy picture as it stopped just before their target.
Kleon's jaws tightened at the image.
A fucking arch-demon? HOW did one get into this realm without anyone noticing it.
Juno was biting her lower lips in anticipation. When he looked back at her she raised her voice in askance.
"We are leaving."
"What? What did you..." But even before she can finish her sentence she was being pulled firmly by her arm and before she knows they were out of the door.
Kleon walked so fast, Juno had a hard time catching up. The alleyways were dead silent, except some cat meowing far away. The sound of the club faded away.
Juno noticed that Kleon was sweating. That really worried her.
They took a sharp turn and she yanked on his hand. Kleon stopped more out of surprise then by the negligible force. He could have dragged her through a marathon if he wanted so.
"Why are we fleeing?" She said crossing her arms.
God we don't have time for this, Kleon thought.
"We're not fleeing. We're taking a tactical retreat."
"BS, difference of a piss between them. And you're not one to 'take tactical retreats'. You rather jump and kick some ass then contemplate and plan."
"Juno. Please. We must reach the store."
"BUT WHY?"
Just on her tail, a force pushed both of them off their feet. Kleon did a back flip helping Juno regain her balance.
They stared at the glowing red ball roughly twenty paces down the path. The halo lit the face of a person they saw not five minutes before.
One by one, five figures emerged from the shadows, surrounding the duet.
"That's why." He whispered in her ears.