When Frank got up in the morning, he realized that they had never actually set a time to meet up at Gerard's house. And he didn't actually have Gerard's number. While he got ready for the day, Frank debated the merits of just showing up at Gerard's apartment. It ended up not mattering though because Gerard called him while he was eating lunch with his mom.

"Hey, so we never decided when you were coming over."

"Yeah, I thought about that. I was gonna call you, but I don't have your number. I was actually thinking about just showing up and hoping I didn't come at a bad time."

Or, you know, hoping he did come at a bad time. Like, maybe as Gerard was getting out of the shower or something.

Gerard laughed, thinking very similar thoughts. "I'm sure you'd have been fine. So, you can come over whenever you want."

"Alright, I'm just finishing up with lunch. Is half an hour okay?"

"Yeah, that's cool. See you then."

"See ya." Frank hung up the phone and looked at his mom.

She smiled knowingly. "Going out with your 'friend' again?"

Frank flushed slightly; his mom knew him too well. "Yeah."

"Well, have a good time, and be careful."

Frank spluttered, flailing his hands a little. His mom just laughed.

**********

Frank made it to Gerard's a little early. He was slightly nervous as he knocked on the door, but he knew how to hide it well. He put on a big (and what he hoped was sexy) smile as the door opened. Gerard didn't look especially comfortable either, and that served to put Frank a little more at ease.

"So," Gerard began once he had gotten them settled on the sofa in the living room, "you wanna watch a movie or play some video games or something?"

"Video games? What have you got?"

Gerard showed Frank a truly impressive set of video games, and Frank had a hard time deciding on one. He finally picked Chrono Trigger for Super Nintendo; he hadn't played that game in years.

They took turns playing, and whoever was watching ended up shouting 'helpful' tips at the other. Needless to say, they were both pretty into it. At one point, they even had a fight over the controller, which ended with Gerard lying on top of Frank and holding the controller above his head.

Frank laughed and wrapped his arms around Gerard's waist. "Maybe we should find something else to do."

The controller clattered to the floor as Frank leaned up to kiss Gerard. He was only able to hold his head up for a bit, though, and Gerard followed him when he slowly sunk back to the floor.

It didn't take long for Frank's hands to make their way up Gerard's shirt, and Gerard mirrored his actions. Frank pulled up Gerard's shirt, and Gerard pulled up Frank's. After a short struggle, both of them had their shirts off, and Gerard's fingers began tracing Frank's tattoos before stopping abruptly.

"Hey, you don't like…go to chat rooms or anything, do you?"

Frank had a huge internal 'oh, shit' moment as Gerard resumed stroking his stomach.

"Uh, yeah."

"Do you maybe go by the screen name JerseyPunk?"

"Yes."

"Holy shit!" Gerard pushed himself up, looking Frank square in the eye. "I'm JediG."

"Really? Wow, that's awesome."

Gerard frowned. "You don't sound very surprised."

Damn, Frank had never been very good at playing innocent. "I am, I just…"

"Wait, you…did you know?"

"Um, maybe?"

"But, but how?"

"I kind of accidentally saw your face that first time. And then I saw you at the auto shop, and I couldn't help going up to talk to you."

They just stared at each other for a minute, and Gerard started to blush.

"You weren't supposed to see me," he whispered.

"I know. But I did, and it's not like I can undo it. Besides, I bet I can make you glad I did." Gerard's eyes widened slightly. "All those things we were doing on camera for each other. And now we can do it in person."

Frank felt a shiver run through Gerard's body and took that as a good sign. He walked his hand slowly down Gerard's pants. Gerard jerked backward, as if trying to get away from Frank's hand, but it went right along with him, being sort of stuck in his pants and all.

Frank stilled his hand. "You do want to do this, right?"

Gerard didn't answer right away, and Frank was sure he'd fucked everything up – a chance at a real relationship, hell, even having a jerk off buddy.

"Yeah, I do."

Frank heaved a sigh of relief, wiggling his hand around in Gerard's pants. He found it difficult to do much of anything, so he undid Gerard's jeans with his other hand and pulled them down until they rested just below Gerard's ass. He took advantage of their positioning, running his hands over the newly exposed skin. Gerard let out a small moan, and then Frank couldn't seem to get him naked fast enough. Gerard tried to work on Frank's pants and kick his own off at the same time, having very little luck.

"Up," Frank finally demanded, pushing on Gerard's chest.

They both scrambled up, and Gerard kicked off both his pants and boxers. He helped Frank strip quickly, tossing his pants aside as well. Gerard grabbed Frank's hand and tugged him down the hall and into the bedroom. Frank smirked as he saw Gerard's dresser sitting at an odd angle; he clearly hadn't moved it back after their last chat session.

They stopped at the foot of the bed, and Gerard stared at it, looking like he was reconsidering again. Frank pushed him onto the bed and he yelped, falling sideways and bouncing slightly. He rolled onto his back as Frank slowly crawled up his body, making sure to rub their bodies together the entire way up. Gerard let out a soft moan, trying unsuccessfully to stifle it with his hand.

"Just because we're doing this in person doesn't mean you shouldn't make any noise. I like hearing you," Frank whispered in Gerard's ear.

He pulled back for a second and tried his best to put on a casual voice. "So, you have lube and a condom somewhere?"

"Uh," Gerard squeaked out as Frank palmed one of his nipples and his balls, "lube is in the bottom desk drawer. I'm not sure I have any condoms."

He got a stricken look on his face that disappeared at Frank's next words. "Good thing I brought one then, huh?"

Frank let go of Gerard and got up, heading out to the living room for his condom and going to grab the lube from the desk on the way back. He saw the familiar black dildo sitting in the drawer with the lube and snatched it up as well, grinning as Gerard flushed, both of them obviously reliving the same memory.

"You've kinda, maybe given me a complex concerning big, black dildos," he said, flopping the dildo back and forth.

Gerard covered his eyes. "Can we maybe just forget about that?"

"Why would I want to forget about it? It was fucking hot."

"Really?" Gerard sounded a little awed and a lot surprised, and damned if that wasn't just a bit endearing.

"Of course. Why did you think I asked you to do it in the first place? But I was thinking maybe this time you could use it on me."

Frank handed the dildo and lube to Gerard, lying down on his stomach and spreading his legs. Gerard shuffled over, straddling Frank's left thigh as he squirted lube onto his fingers and a little bit onto the dildo. He slowly ran his fingers around Frank's asshole, slipping one in as Frank started to squirm.

"More," Frank demanded less than a minute later, his breath hitching when Gerard slid two more fingers in beside the first.

Frank let out a little grunt on each thrust of Gerard's fingers. He may even have squeaked a little when Gerard gave his fingers a sharp twist before pulling them out. Before Frank had a chance to object, though, Gerard was pushing the dildo into him.

When it was in all the way to the base, Frank rolled over and tried not to make too many stupid noises as it shifted. He pulled Gerard down on top of him and flipped them over, rooting around in the sheets for the lube. He made a little bit of a mess getting it on his fingers, but at that point, he really didn't care.

Gerard wiggled away a little at the touch of the cold lube to his skin, but he abruptly changed direction as Frank worked a finger in. Before long, Frank was thrusting a second finger in while trying to get the condom open. He gave up after a minute of ineffectually biting at the packet, pulling his hand free of Gerard's body and getting the condom open and on at top speed.

Frank tried his best to be careful as he lined himself up and pushed into Gerard, but the dildo had him in a bit of a rush, what with resting against his prostate and all. He could see the discomfort on Gerard's face, and he slowed down, just barely inching his way forward. Gerard grabbed his ass before he got much further and just pulled him in. Frank was startled into letting out a moan at the feel of Gerard around him and the dildo in him.

It only got better when Gerard took hold of the dildo and actively started moving it. He couldn't really pull it out very far because of the angle, but he was definitely able shift it around. And when Frank thrust into Gerard, it worked a bit better, so he was able to go forward into Gerard and back onto the dildo.

He was panting almost immediately, and it was only a few thrusts before he was grunting and feeling like he could come at any second. He grabbed Gerard's dick and roughly started jerking him off, wanting the other man to come with him. Frank came when Gerard sort of hunched himself forward in order to give the dildo a hard, proper thrust into him. Frank slowed his movements, although he did his best to keep his hand moving at a steady pace.

Gerard, however, kept up the movement of the dildo, and Frank did a sort of twitch-thrust thing with every movement. It was almost too much, but Frank thought he could hold out if Gerard would just come soon. Luckily for him, it only took two more strokes to Gerard's dick before he was coming in a sticky mess between them with a long moan.

After a moment, they both stopped moving, and Frank gave Gerard a lazy kiss. He pulled out of Gerard slowly before removing the dildo from himself and tossing it aside. Gerard watched the process avidly, and Frank was sure he would have been turned on if he hadn't just come.

Frank lay back down next to Gerard, blinking sleepily. "God, you're amazing."

"So are you. But hey, I've got a question. I thought you said you lived in Trenton."

"I do live in Trenton. I've been visiting my mom whenever we were going to get together."

"Oh." Gerard was silent for a minute. "I guess that means I won't get to see you very often."

"Oh, I don't know about that. I've been thinking about moving back here anyway."

Gerard smiled, and Frank couldn't help but smile back. He was definitely moving back, as soon as humanly possible.