Harry wasn't entirely certain why, on that very same night, he went looking for Draco Malfoy once more. He didn’t fully understand his reasons for wanting to pursue this in the first place, either. He knew full well that Malfoy was already involved, and with someone Harry didn't exactly want another confrontation with. Maybe he was just a glutton for punishment, too much of a stubborn Gryffindor for his own good.

He swiftly turned a corner, quickly heading for the corridor where the Map indicated that Malfoy was.

It didn’t take long before Harry caught sight of the Slytherin. He quickly shrugged off his cloak, and called out, “Malfoy?”

Draco looked up from the roster of Prefect duties he had just filled out. “Yes, Potter, what do you want?”

“Er…” Harry ran hand through his hair, suddenly feeling awkward. “Nothing. I mean…”

“Nothing?” Draco took a few confident steps forward, until he was standing right in front of the other boy. “Are you quite sure of that? Then why did you come looking for me, exactly?”

“I didn’t.” Harry bit his lip. “That is to say…”

Draco shook his head in amusement. “You’re a dreadful liar, Potter,” he said matter-of-factly. “The blush gives it away, you realise. Every. Single. Time.”

“The-The blush. Right.”

Harry coughed nervously, and he hesitated, very briefly. Then he reached out and roughly grabbed Draco by the wrists, pulling him into his arms and kissing him clumsily.

Draco was stunned, not as much by the kiss as by the sloppy urgency of it all; Potter was certainly eager, if not much else.

When Draco didn’t react straight away, made no move at all to reciprocate, Harry panicked. He abruptly released the Slytherin again, turned around and decided to make a run for it.

Draco was faster, however. He grabbed Harry’s arm. “Don’t,” he said sharply. He took Harry by the hand and led him into the nearest classroom, charming the door locked behind them. “Let’s try that again, shall we? Properly this time?”

Harry gulped and nodded uncertainly.

“Right, then.” Draco smiled. Still holding Harry’s hand, he leaned in, he lightly trailed his tongue over Harry’s bottom lip, and he kissed him gently.

The gesture was slow and sensual. A tingling sensation ran up and down Harry’s spine. His eyes fluttered shut. He couldn’t believe that this was happening or how amazing it felt. His first kiss with Cho had been downright horrible. Snogging Ginny, as he remembered it, had been a slight improvement, but still nothing that could even begin to compare to this.

Draco stopped for a moment and pulled back slightly. “Did you enjoy that?” he asked in a whisper.

“Yes.”

“Good.” Draco breathed against the other boy’s mouth and then carefully slipped his tongue between slightly parted lips.

Harry didn’t know what to do at first. He longed to respond, but he wasn’t sure how. He definitely didn’t want to mess it up again like he had done earlier. He felt Malfoy deepen the kiss and tangle his hands in his hair. Harry tentatively wrapped his free arm around Draco’s waist, pulling him closer, and then he kissed him back in earnest.

They stayed like that for a long time; kissing heatedly, now and again pausing to catch their breaths. Harry was somewhat surprised that Draco didn’t try to do more, but he was also relieved. This was already overwhelming enough as it was.

And not only for him, it seemed.

Looking uncharacteristically flustered, Draco suddenly broke away and took a step backwards. “I think it’s time we called it a night, don’t you?” he asked, sounding slightly out of breath.

“Oh.” Harry didn’t bother hiding his disappointment. “You already want to stop?”

Draco chuckled. “No, Potter. I’d happily spend the entire night here with you, but it would lead to more than just kissing and at this point, I don’t think you’re ready for that.” He leaned in again, flicking his tongue over a spot just beneath Harry’s right ear that made the boy shiver. “You haven’t done much of this before, have you?”

Harry swallowed hard. “No,” he admitted quietly. “Not really.”

“Well, then.” Draco smiled. “We’ll take it slow.” He ran a hand through Harry’s unruly hair.

The gesture only added further to the Gryffindor’s mounting confusion. Not only had Malfoy kissed him, he was also being gentle and affectionate; and although Harry was hardly complaining, he had to admit that it was all very unexpected, as well as a little bizarre. And then he also thought about Tom Riddle; what was his role exactly? Was all this some kind of game the two of them were playing with him?

“Um,” Harry began hesitantly. “Are you going to tell Ri- tell Tom about this?”

Draco grinned. “Yes. That would be the fair thing to do, wouldn’t you say?”

Harry frowned. “Won’t he be mad at you?”

“I doubt it.”

“Oh?”

“Tom and I have an understanding, Harry.”

“Oh? Like... um... some kind of... open relationship?”

“Open to you, at any rate.”

“Oh.”

Draco laughed. “Not terribly eloquent tonight, are we?”

Harry shrugged. “I’m just a little surprised, that’s all.” And he was. More than just a little, too. He had expected Riddle to be a lot more possessive, controlling even. He didn’t seem the type who’d be willing to share.

“I see.” Draco smiled again, slightly amused at how rattled the Gryffindor looked.

“Okay,” Harry said. “I’ll be heading back to the tower, then. I’ll see you tomorrow, won’t I?”

“I think it would be hard avoiding me. We have two classes together,” Draco pointed out dryly and then asked, “Would you like to meet up?”

Harry nodded.

“Lunchtime? Here?”

“Sure.” Impulsively, Harry threw his arms around Draco and kissed him again. “Tomorrow, then.”

Draco nodded. “Yes, Potter. Tomorrow.”

Harry smiled widely, before he turned on his heel and all but skipped out of the room.

Chuckling softly, Draco whipped around just in time to see his boyfriend stepping out of the shadows.

Tom smirked. “That was certainly… interesting. A few days ago, he was as good as ready to kill you with his bare hands, now you have him acting like a schoolgirl with a crush.”

Draco grinned. “How did you know he’d come here anyway?”

“Oh. Just a hunch.”

Draco rolled his eyes at that, but decided to change the subject. “You know, Tom, Potter doesn’t have much experience in the snogging department.”

“That much was obvious even from where I was standing. I suppose you’ll have to teach him then, won’t you?”

Draco smiled, but then asked in a more serious tone of voice, “You still want to go through with this, then? It didn’t bother you to see him and me…?”

“Bother isn’t the word I’d use, no,” Tom replied with a smirk. He took one of Draco’s hands and guided it into his robes, placing it over the unmistakable bulge in his trousers.

Draco chuckled. “That actually turned you on.”

Tom gave him a pointed look. “You mean you didn’t feel like stripping Potter naked and having your wicked way with him when he started to moan like that?”

Draco’s waning desire came coursing back with a vengeance. “Yes. Well, if you put it like that…”

Tom grinned deviously. “You and I have some unfinished business here, don’t we?”

“Or we could take it back to our room,” Draco suggested.

“No.” Tom cast a strong locking charm on the door. “I’ve waited long enough,” he said and pulled Draco into his arms.

"One more week," Snape declared, “and by then, everything should be ready for Mister Riddle's return. Considerably sooner than expected, I'm relieved to say."

Minerva crossed her arms. "You know, Severus," she said carefully, "I've been thinking…"

"Yes?"

"Tom appears to be fitting in quite well here, doesn't he?"

The man raised a quizzical eyebrow. "Meaning?"

"Well, for one thing, he and Draco Malfoy seem to have become quite close, and I haven't seen Draco this happy for a long time, since first year, possibly. And I'm sure I don't have to tell you what a pitiful state he was in last summer, after everything…" She trailed off.

"Where exactly are you going with this, Minerva?" Snape asked sternly.

"Well, frankly, Severus, would it be so terrible to not send Tom back to his own time?"

Snape's eyes widened. "Yes. According to what I've read, the consequences would be potentially disastrous. We would be reshaping the past, the present and the future. And as for Tom Riddle's role, who knows what might happen if he were allowed to stay here?"

"Draco will be devastated all over again," Minerva remarked sadly.

"Yes, well," Snape said flatly. "I warned him about this. I warned them both. But did they listen? Of course not. Stubborn brats, always thinking they know better."

Minerva sighed deeply. "I won't try to stop you from what you intend to do, Severus, but I do hope that before you do it, you also take the time to consider that severe consequences can go both ways. Tom is merely a teenage boy now. If he genuinely cares for Draco, and I sincerely believe he does, his bitterness at their forced separation won't improve his views on humanity. It might even give him a strong incentive to become a far more powerful, an even more ruthless Dark Lord than the one Harry Potter vanquished."

With that, she left the classroom, the sound of her footsteps fast fading in the distance.

Snape shook his head, clenched his fists, and let out an exasperated sigh. He slowly walked over to the window and directed his gaze at the lake. Lost in thought, he remained there, unmoving, for quite a while.

Lying in bed, Harry stared up at the ceiling, unable to find any sleep.

He kept thinking of his little meeting with Draco earlier, the way the two of hem had kissed, over and over again, as if doing so had been the most natural thing in the world, as if they didn’t have years of bitter rivalry and fierce animosity between them.

He knew now, beyond any doubt, that he wanted Draco. He had even made peace with that realisation. Still, before this went any further, physically or emotionally, he had to be certain. Just because he was inexperienced didn’t mean he would also allow himself to be used.

Careful not to wake the others in his dorm, he got out of bed.

He knew Ron usually left Hermione’s room around midnight. That gave him exactly twelve minutes to head up there.

He threw his cloak over his shoulders and rushed over to the Heads’ quarters.

Once arrived, he didn't have to wait long before Hermione and Ron emerged. While his two friends shared a lingering kiss in the corridor, completely oblivious to everything but each other, Harry saw his chance and sneaked into the Common Room.

Relieved to find Draco’s door unlocked again, he entered the boy's room as discreetly as he could.

Tom and Draco never noticed. They were lying on the bed, engaged in what looked like a very important conversation.

Harry was suddenly very relieved that all they were doing was talking. He wasn’t sure if he could have handled seeing Tom Riddle and Draco… No, he didn’t even want to think about that sort of thing at the moment.

Instead, he willed himself to concentrate on what the two young men on the bed were talking about.

“It would help if we had some way of finding out how they’re planning to do it, and when,” Draco said. “It could give us a head start.”

“Maybe your little friend Potter has heard something,” Tom suggested.

“I doubt it. They probably don’t trust him any more than they do the two of us. He’s a potential liability, remember?”

“Quite.”

“They never lifted a finger to help him either,” Draco added bitterly. “I suppose my silence implicated me, to a point, but he saved them all, and he comes back to school a complete mess, and it takes an attack on a fellow student before they decide to intervene. Makes you wonder about a few things, doesn’t it?”

“As I understand it,” Tom said, “they never took very good care of their hero from the start. Why would they begin now, when he’s already given them what they wanted?”

Draco shrugged.

“Anyway, it’s getting late. We should probably get some sleep.”

“Hm.”

Harry watched them as they both got under the covers. Tom wrapped an arm around Draco, and Draco snuggled closer and leaned in for a tender goodnight kiss.

The pair looked very happy together, and Harry’s heart sank. He suddenly felt a twinge of jealousy, or was it longing?

The more he thought about it (and he’d been thinking about it far too much tonight), the more he found himself wondering whether what he really wanted was to be in Tom’s place (sleeping with Draco in every sense of the word) or if what he truly craved was to be a third participant in a relationship that seemed exciting and exhilarating and that also held an obvious love and tenderness, the kind of which Harry had never known before.