Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Thirteen: Bimbo Mommy's Public & Naughty Fun
Summary: Eric fucks his mommy in public to unlock a naughty perk!
Keywords: mf mF mc inc oral facial anal titty MILF exhib voy public

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

Eric Murphy

I stared at my phone at the choice I had for Mrs. Waters. She had hit Level 3, the first of my bimbos to reach that level even though she was the fourth that I had recruited. Well, I had been sending her out to the strip club to be gangbanged. 

I was intrigued by the choice. I could make her into a Gangbang Lover Bimbo or a Yoga Bimbo. While the latter was an interesting choice, that was also perfect for the next bimbo I wanted to recruit, Mrs. Mayers. She would be perfect as a Yoga Bimbo. 

So I hit Gangbang Lover Bimbo for Mrs. Waters.

She would love being gangbanged even more now. That was awesome. In a few seconds, a new perk popped up that I could get for her: Strip-Club Whore Extraordinaire. It was an upgrade to her existing perk. She would earn 25% more in credits when working at the club. The perk cost 30 Crystals.

Damn, I muttered. 

That was an expensive perk. The rest had all been 20. That was $1200. 

I smiled, realizing she'd make that back in a shift easy. In an hour at a shift. I gave it to her and dropped down to 625 Crystals.

I glanced up at Mrs. Waters. She squirmed there, dripping in cum, and looking around like she hoped a bunch of men would come out of nowhere and fuck her hard. I studied her for a moment, my cock hard.

Go shower, then I'm going to fuck your pussy and fall asleep in your arms, I told her.

Yay! she squealed and ran off to shower.

I stared at my other profiles. Mom, Cherry, and Tina were all Level 2. I wanted them to get up to three, but they were locked. Those three didn't go out and fuck others. They would refuse to fuck others but me. Well, other men.

I had bought the perks to lock them. But it was stunting their growth.

I had to do something with them. Just having sex with me or each other built their experience slowly. Maybe they had to be doing different things. Varying up their actions. Tina had gained experience on my mom and sister by coming to school with me. She had sex in public.

So what if I took my bimbos shopping tomorrow? I had Mrs. Juarez's credit cards. I could buy them some sexy lingerie and fuck them in riskier places. In public or something. That should help to build up their bar.

I was curious what they would get at Level 3. If there would be a choice? 

I yawned. The shower hissed on. I opened up Mrs. Juarez's Gloryhole Whore Perk. I changed which bathroom she would go to, picking one in the mall's food court. The mall didn't open until 9, so I shifted her time from starting at 8 to 9 AM. She would go to 4 PM as well. I also shifted Barbie to a nicer part of the city to do her street-walking.

I moved her to the business district downtown and upped how much she charged. I smiled at those changes. This was perfect. I would make a ton of money and claim Mrs. Mayers as my bimbo slut. I couldn't wait to own her and have her do yoga for me.

Naked and dripping in my cum. That would be hot. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next morning, after breakfast, Barbie was off to start her whoring.

I was curious how she would get there since she didn't own a car. But, weirdly, a taxi pulled up just as she hit the curb, she hopped into the front seat, and the cabbie drove off. I caught a glimpse of her head ducking down to suck him off.

Damn, I said, staring down at the app. How did it work? It was so powerful.

Eric, honey bunny, whimpered Tina. She squirmed there, her hands pressed together, her naked body quivering. I'm all itchy and achy and not tiedy upy!

Right, right, I said, rolling my eyes. She was a bondage slut. You get dressed to go shopping, and I'll tie your hands behind your back.

Yippee! She threw her arm around my neck and kissed me on the lips. I lovey! She kissed me again. Dovey! A third kiss, her lips warm and soft. You!

She broke away and darted off, grabbing the bundle of clothes on the table. She raced upstairs and vanished out of sight. I smiled as she was scrambling to get dressed. I had her dad bring over some of her clothes. He was more than glad to, aching to glimpse his wife.

He hadn't been paid, so he didn't have the money to enjoy his wife at all.

I sent all the other bimbos, but Mrs. Juarez, upstairs to get dressed, too. The teacher was just humming happily and sucking on a banana. She was eager to go out to the gloryhole. It was almost time for her to depart.

Tina raced down the stairs in a pink dress, her red hair flying behind her. She raced up to me, hands behind her back. She turned around, wiggling her rump. I grabbed the rope and tied her up, wrapping it around her hands. Her fingers twitched.

Thank you, she sighed. She turned around, her eyes burning with passion. I'm not wearing panties and my pussy all wet and hottie and juicy and wetty!

I bet it is, I said, grinning at her. But we're heading to the mall to do some shopping, so you have to be a good girl.

She bounced up and down, her boobs jiggling in her dress. She wasn't wearing a bra.

Neither was my sister when she came downstairs in a light-blue t-shirt with a flying unicorn on the front. With her huge tits, the t-shirt didn't fit any longer. It barely covered her boobs, leaving her stomach bare. Her breasts bounced as she rushed up to me, her blonde pigtails streaming behind her.

Shopping! she squealed and threw herself into me. She hugged me, pushing those big boobs into my body. I lovey shopping so much, big brother! Yippee yay! Purrrrrr!

Does my little kitty want to have slutty clothes to wear? I asked her, petting her head.

She nodded. Purrrrrr!

I lovey slutty clothes, said Mom. But this meany man keeps texting me about work. He's being so meany! I don't like him!

I took her phone from her and saw it was her boss from her job. I quit. Go fuck yourself! After sending that text, I blocked the number. There. He won't bother you again, Mom!

Oh, thank you! Mom squealed. She was wearing a slinky, black dress I didn't know she owned that fell to her mid-thigh and showed off her breasts. She hugged me to her boobs and rubbed my face back and forth into her cleavage. You're just the bestyest bestest son a mommy could have! Yay!

I smiled, savoring her breasts around my face. She felt delicious. I loved this moment so much. I stayed between her boobs, reveling in the softness around me. She stroked the back of my head, holding me tight to her tits.

Finally, I pulled away, grinning. I loved that. Mrs. Waters was wearing something slutty, too. A leopard-print dress that clung to her big boobs and barely fell down her rump. She was quivering, looking so excited to go.

She'd probably start fucking men if I let her out of my sight. 

Ooh, ooh, I have to go, Eric! squealed the naked Mrs. Juarez. The Latina teacher bounced up and down, her big boobies heaving. I have worky times! Gotta suck all those dickies and let them fuck my pussy and my assyhole! Ay carambaii!

Yes, you do, I said as I took Mom's car keys and followed Mrs. Juarez outside.

The Latina bimbo's ass swayed from side to side. She had a great one. She wore heels, giving her rump even more of a perky jiggle. My dick ached to fuck her, but she had to make me money so I could afford making Mrs. Mayers into a bimbo.

She slipped into her car and backed out by jamming the gas. I winced, hoping she still could drive and not get herself killed. She tore off down the street. I shook my head and hopped into the minivan, my women piling in. 

Tina got shotgun. She jumped into the seat and quivered there, hands bound behind her back. She smiled, looking around. So eager. The other three piled into the back, sitting together. My sister was between the two MILFs, bouncing up and down.

Shopping! Shopping! Shopping! she squealed.

Yes, yes, yes! Tina whimpered, her eyes so feverish as I reached around her to grab the seatbelt and buckle up for her. Let's go go goie go!

That's righty! her mother squealed. We got to do all the shoppies! Yay!

Then put your seatbelts on, I said. Let's be safe about this. I don't want any of my airheads getting hurt. I have to fuck you all, and I can't do that if you're in the hospital. Can I?

No! gasped Mom. We can't fuck if we're all hurty.

No fucking! whimpered Cherry. That's not purrrring good! Not purrrring good at all!

Purrrring good? That was new.
They fumbled with their belt buckles until the
y all clicked in place. I backed out of the driveway and headed off to the mall. Mrs. Juarez beat us there by seven minutes. She was already in the bathroom, according to the app, and working by the time we pulled up at the mall at 9:07.

I found a place to park near the food court entrance and hopped out. My bimbos all piled out, bouncing up and down. Tina snuggled against me. She couldn't hug me or take my arm, so I put my arm around her and held her against me.

I grabbed Mrs. Waters with my other arm since I was most worried about her wandering off.

Mom and my sister led the way, the pair of them scampering with excitement. You'd think they were both sisters instead of mother and daughter with how they were acting. They were both bouncing up and down and squealing at everything they saw.

Look at that! gasped Cherry, pointing at a train set in the window of a toy store. That's so neaty-oh! Ooh, ooh, it goes roundy and roundy round! Can I have it!

No, I said. 

Eric! Eric! Eric! Mom ran up to the window of a gift shop and pressed her body into the window. There's a unycorn! A unycorn made of glassy crystal! Can I have it!

We're here to buy sexy lingerie, Mom! I said, not caring that people were staring at us. 

Tina tried to stare at shoes, which made more sense, and I had to keep a firm grip on Mrs. Waters as she spotted a group of guys, whimpering, They have cocks! So many cocks for all my holes!

And how much money do they have? I asked her. Because I doubt it's enough to afford you.

Wow! She stared down at her tits. Am I worth a lot?

You're my MILF-bimbo whore, I said. You're worth as much as I say you are. I own your ass.

You do, Eric! She snuggled tighter against me, clutching my arm. I lovey you so much.

I lovey you even more than my mommy-whore does! Tina said and kissed my cheek. Just lovey dovey you to death. She squealed and bounced up and down.

I smiled at those words. I love you, too, Tina. And you, Mrs. Waters, so don't pout. You're going to get all the cock you can handle tonight.

I will? she asked, thinking. I'll be... at the... strip club! Yay!

That's right, I told her as we reached Secret Delights, the lingerie store. Okay, ladies, find sexy things to wear.

I unleashed my bimbos on the lingerie store. The four of them all squealed and darted in, even Tina with her hands behind her back. She was moving around, staring at things, her skirt bouncing around her mid-thighs. Her ass looked good in it.

So did Mom in her slinky, black dress. She was looking at all the things, her poor bimbo brain overloaded by the choices. She grabbed a purple nightie and held it up to her. She glanced at me and grinned.

Does your mommy look all hottie hot in this, honey! she asked.

Yep, I said.

Mommy? one of the salesgirls asked. Another was helping my busty little sister.

Yep, I said. She's my bimbo-mommy. You help her find something real sexy. Something to make her son just blow a gasket.

Is this... roleplay? she asked, staring at me. I had brown hair and took more after my dad who split. But I did have Mom's blue eyes. 

Yep, I said. These are my sex slaves, and they love roleplaying as bimbo-sluts. Some like to pretend to be my mother or little sister.

Oh, okay, said the salesgirl. And this is a shopping expedition. She gave me a look like she didn't believe I had any money.

Yep.

Good! She darted after my mother and led her to something even slinkier.

God, this was hot. My women were darting around, grabbing bras and panties, bouncing excitedly. The two salesgirls had their hands full dealing with the airheads. This was the perfect time to put my plan into action.

Tina, I said, waving at her.

She ran straight at me. With her hands behind her back, it looked so strange. She stopped before me, her skirt swirling around her thighs. Her eyes were bright with her excitement, her cheeks rosy. She quivered there, boobs jiggling beneath her dress.

There was this sexy bra and these naughty panties and this nightie and a bra with no cups and this corset that would bind my body and make me feel all tiedy upy and

Tina, I said, cutting her off, I want you to suck my dick.

Her eyes widened with delight as I gripped her shoulders and bucked up into and out of the way corner of the store. Yes, yes, a bamilliony times yes!

She dropped to her knees and, to my delight, pressed her face into my pants. She was using her teeth to unzip me. She grabbed the little handle and pulled down, opening my fly. My cock throbbed inside in my boxers.

She was a bimbo who was an expert at being tied up. 

She nuzzled her face into my open fly. She found the slit in my boxers and worked it open. Her lips kissed at my cock inside there. She pushed upward, sliding her lips up my dick until she found the tip. Then, with that in her mouth, she pulled it out of my fly.

Fuck, Tina, I groaned as she suckled me off right here in the store.

She winked a green eye at me. Her hands shifted, pulling at her rope binds as she suckled on my cock. She moaned as she blew me. My bimbo-girlfriend worked her lips up and down my shaft. The pleasure shot through me.

Any of the salesgirls could catch us and be pissed. A new customer could walk in and catch Tina doing this. I groaned at the thrill. The risk of public sex. It was so hot having her work her mouth up and down my cock.

Yes, I groaned. Oh, fuck, yes!

She swirled her tongue around my cock. She suckled hard, her green eyes full of her love for me. She whimpered around my cock, her hips wiggling back and forth. She suckled on me with passion. I loved how she loved my dick.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good!

She winked at me.

The other bimbos were racing around the store, the salesgirls trying to keep up with them. Mother popped out her tits and was trying to put on a bra. I loved the sight as I slid my hand through Tina's red hair. I gripped a handful of her silky tresses.

She bobbed her head, working hard. My nuts twitched with the pressure of her warm mouth working up and down my cock. A big smile spread on my lips as my bimbo-girlfriend suckled on my cock with all her might.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned. You're going to get a mouthful of cum, Tina!

She squealed her delight around my cock. The passion hummed around my crown and shot down to my nuts. I groaned, loving the way the pressure swelled there. A big smile spread on my lips as she gobbled my dick.

Ma'am, you can't try on the lingerie! gasped the blonde salesgirl. Ma'am, stop!

But I wanna wear it for my son! Mom glanced at me and waved.

I waved back, savoring Tina sucking on my dick. The salesgirl glanced at me, but she couldn't see my bimbo-girlfriend working her mouth up and down my cock. I smiled, loving the chaos in the lingerie store.

You have to put your dress back on! the other salesgirl said, dealing with Mrs. Waters who had taken off her dress. You can't run around naked.

I can't? Mrs. Waters looked so confused. But I have big and beautifuly and largey titties that are just so awesomey! See! She cupped her big tits and jiggled them at her.

Put your dress back on, Mrs. Waters! I shouted, her daughter sucking so hard on my cock. My orgasm built and built so fast. Now!

Okey-dokey! she said and started wiggling back in it.

The salesgirl shot me a grateful look as I reveled in my bimbo-girlfriend's mouth bringing me closer and closer to cumming. She suckled hard on me, that naughty slut. I groaned, loving the feel of her working her mouth up and down my dick.

She bobbed her head, sliding her lips up and down my cock. She suckled on me with everything that she had. My nuts tightened from how she loved me. The pressure swelled toward the bursting point. She danced her tongue around the crown of my dick.

Fuck, Tina, I groaned, staring down at her.

Joy shone in her green eyes as she nursed on me.

I erupted.

My cum flooded my bimbo-girlfriend's mouth. The pleasure shot through me as she moaned around my spurting cock. I shuddered, rapture crashing into my mind. I gripped her red hair, shuddering through the ecstasy.

Yes, I groaned.

I erupted again and again, pumping blast after blast of jizz into her mouth. She gulped down my spunk. She swallowed every drop of it like a good girl. I enjoyed this so much. I groaned as I hit the peak of my orgasm.

I spurted that last blast of cum into her mouth. I panted as my phone dinged in my pants. A notification from the Bimbo App. I shuddered as my girlfriend suckled on my dick, wanting to get out every drop of cum that I had. 

I pulled out my phone and saw Tina was still short of Level 3, but she had earned a new perk.

She'd unlocked Exhibitionist Bondage Slut perk for 20 Crystals by performing three sex acts in public while bound. I thought about it for a moment then realized that it was the orgy with the cheerleaders on the practice field, fucking Mrs. Juarez with her in front of the class, and now this. With this perk, no one would care if she fucked in public.

She could do it anywhere.

Yes, I said and bought it, dropping me down to 605 Bimbo Crystals.

Get naked! I ordered Tina as she suckled on my dick. Now.

She ripped her mouth off my dick and squealed, Yes, Eric, honey bunny! She bounced to her feet and struggled. Um... I... Uh... Her brow furrowed. I can't get naked when I'm all tiedy upy! Oh, no, I want to be tiedy upy and I want to be all nakedy!

Turn around, I said. 

I untied her, and she ripped off her dress. Her round tits appeared along with her shaved cunt dripping with her juices. Her cunt cream is spilling down her thighs as she squirms there. I liked the sight. She thrust her hands behind her back so I could tie her up again.

I noticed that the lingerie store sold leather collars and leashes in black, brown, white, and pink. I smiled as I headed over to the pink one. I grabbed that, my naked bimbo-girlfriend trotting behind me. I then headed up to the counter. One of the salesgirls saw me.

She broke away from my mom and rushed over to the counter. The blonde salesgirl glanced at my naked girlfriend and smiled at her. She didn't say a word about how weird it was that my girlfriend was naked or anything.

So, uh, just want to buy this leash and collar for my bimbo girlfriend, I said, slapping them down.

Oh, that's so sweet, said the salesgirl. She's a submissive thing.

I lovey dovey him so much that I just suckedy his cock off and swallowed all his cummies! Tina bounced up and down as she spoke, making her tits heave.

Oh, that's so good of you, the girl said as she started ringing up the purchases. And look at those cute tits of yours. I bet your boyfriend just loves them.

Yeah, I do, I said and ducked my head down. I latched onto her nipple and suckled on her nub.

The salesgirl didn't say a word. This was awesome.

I had to stop sucking to pay. Then I put the pink leash around my bimbo-girlfriend's throat. Tina looked so happy as I clipped the leash on to her. I smiled at her joy. She really loved this bondage stuff. Leading her around like this made her happy.

I wondered if I could get my mom to get a similar perk. That would be hot to parade my busty mother around and fuck her in public. She was pulling down her top again. I thrust the leash at the salesgirl.

Help Tina find some very sexy and revealing corsets, I told the salesgirl as she took the leash. Ones that don't hide her tits.

Yes, yes, yes, squealed Tina.

Sure, the salesgirl said, taking the leash and leading off my girlfriend. 

I rushed over to my mother, who had her tits out again. She was pushing bras against them. I grabbed her by the nipple. She gasped and quivered, staring at me with such lust. I grinned and pulled her over to a little bench by the small supply of sexy shoes they sold here.

My mother stood over with me as I sat down on the bench. Give me a titty fuck!

Ooh, ooh, that sounds like the bee's knees, honey! She dropped to her knees before me, her big boobs bouncing. I lovey your biggie cock between my titties. But... What if you fucked my pussy instead? It's all hot and itchy and naughty.

Later, I said. Now, a titty fuck.

Cherry was better, but Mom already had those tits, so why not enjoy them?

She wrapped her boobs around my throbbing cock. I groaned at the feel of those soft breasts around my dick. The incestuous thrill of my mother's big tits sliding up and down my cock swept through me. She massaged my dick with them.

She beamed up at me as she worked her soft tits up and down my dick. That was so hot. I loved the feel of Mom's tits sliding up and down me. She knew what she was doing. My cock twitched, the precum bubbling out the top.

She squeezed her snatch around my dick. She held me tight with her hot boobs. The pleasure swept through me as she stared up at me with such empty-headed love in her eyes. Her blonde hair swayed about her face as she worked her tits up and down my cock.

That's it, Mom! I groaned. You're just my bimbo-slut, aren't you?

Yeppers, I am! She squeezed her boobies tighter around my dick. Ooh, ooh, Eric, I lovey you so much. You're my sexy son and my hunky owner. Ooh, ooh, it's just so awesomey to be your bimboy-mommy! Yay!

Good, I groaned, savoring her breasts working up and down my cock. I loved the feel of her massaging me. I want to cum all over your face, Mom. Just hose you down!

Hosey me down, honey! 

She beamed up at me as she worked her boobs up and down my cock. She stroked me with her soft tits. Every time she engulfed the crown of my cock, pleasure shot through me. I groaned, my head swiveling back and forth. I spotted the blonde salesgirl leading my bimbo-girlfriend around. Then Cherry darted by being chased by the other salesgirl.

Wait, wait, that's not going to fit with your bust size! she cried.

I like it tighty tight! my little sister squealed.

Me, too. Mommy giggled. So tighty in my pussy with your biggie dickie!

Yes, I groaned as she worked her tits faster. But I want to cum on your face! 

Cummy all over my face! She beamed at me as her boobs worked up and down my cock. My nuts twitched as she massaged my cock. She made me feel incredible.

I loved everything she did to me. It was an incredible rush to have her working those boobs up and down my cock. I groaned as she nursed on me. The pressure in my nuts swelled and swelled toward that bursting point.

She stared down at my cock as she worked her tits up and down. She massaged me with those soft boobies. The pressure built and built at the tip of my cock. The need to cum swelled toward that explosive moment. 

I shifted on the bench, enjoying her doing that. She loved my cock with her big, soft boobs. The pressure built and built in me. I hurtled toward that wonderful moment when I would cum. Her tits slid up my cock and engulfed the crown.

I loved how she massaged the tip. I groaned, my cock twitching between her tits.

Get ready, Mom, I groaned. You're going to get a face full of cum!

Yummy! she said and worked her tits faster and faster. Ooh, ooh, that's it. Cummy all over mommy's face. Just drench mommy in your jizzies!

Shit! I groaned as her tits engulfed my crown again. She slid back down. I erupted.

My cum splashed across my mother's face. I coated her with my jizz. She gasped in delight as I hosed her down. My cock erupted again and again. I loved the feel of my spunk shooting up my shaft and erupting into her face.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I groaned.

Aaaaaahhhhh! Mom thrust her tongue out and caught my cum.

I shuddered through the eruptions as I painted her face in my cum. I hosed her down with all my spunk. The pleasure swept through me. Stars burst across my vision as I exploded one more time. I groaned as I left my mommy dripping in cum.

She moaned in delight and swept her tongue over her lips to gather all the cum that she could. She swept up as much of it as she could reach. She shuddered, loving the taste of that jizz. She shuddered there, her big boobs jiggling.

I grabbed her dress and pulled it back over her tits. I tied the ends behind her neck as she cleaned herself off. She dragged her fingers over her face and brought the spunk back to her lips. I put my cock away and left her to clean up.

Okay, okay, bimbos, let's buy you stuff, I said.

The two salesgirls shot me relived looks. Though the blonde noticed my mother cleaning white stuff off her face. Her eyes widened. I just winked at her as the purchases were laid out. The salesgirl looked mad for a moment then shook her head.

I felt on top of the world. Mom had a nice nightie while Mrs. Waters had some great stuff to wear at the strip club. Cherry had a baby doll that thanks to her huge tits wouldn't fall past her hips. Tina had a white corset with attached garters and a pair of pink thigh-high stockings to go with it.

I pulled out Mrs. Juarez's credit card and swiped it through the machine. I signed for her. That was that. No one checked to even see if I was Esmerelda Juarez. I pocketed the card and had Tina put on her new outfit.

The salesgirl helped since Tina was still bound. But soon she had on the corset that hugged her torso and lifted her breasts into a pair of jiggling mounds. Then the salesgirl rolled the pink thigh-high stockings up Tina's thighs and clipped them to the corset's garters. Tina put back on her heels and looked sexy in them.

Oh, that's perfect, the sales girl said. Then she glanced at Cherry who was pulling off her top. Stop that! Keep those tits covered!

But I wanna have my purrrring boobies out like Tina! complained my little bimbo-sister.

You can't go around with our boobs out, said the salesgirl, shoving her top back down. That's illegal.

But... but... She stared at Tina getting away with it.

Cherry, I told her, Tina's special. But don't worry, I'm sure you'll be special like her, too. If you do what you're told.

Yes, big brother! She hugged me and kissed me on the mouth, her lips warm and soft.

I headed out of the lingerie store. I wanted to do more shopping. Well, really I just wanted to fuck my mother two more times in public. I was aching for it. I spotted a trendy clothing store and led my bimbos to it.

Have fun! I told them, dropping Tina's leash and grabbing Mom.

I pulled her away as the bimbos rushed into the store to cause a distraction with their excitement. They were bouncing around, the salesgirls working here already distracted by these excited bimbos wanting to see all the cute clothes.

I pushed Mom into a corner of the store. She gasped as she braced her arms against the wall. I glanced to my right. I could see out into the mall itself through the window. It was full of mannequins that helped to hide us.

I'm going to fuck your tight and hot cunt, Mom, I said as I hiked her dress over her waist. How does that sound!

Yummy and goody and hottie and amazeyballs! she squealed. I lovey it when you're in my pussy! I just lovey it so much! You belong in my pussy, Eric! Just belong in my cunny cunt!

Yes, I do, I groaned, unzipping my fly. I pulled my cock out through the slits and slapped my dick on my mother's plump rump.

I slid down her asscheek, looking around. We were well hidden, but we could easily be spotted. I shuddered, savoring the risk of fucking my mother's cunt beneath everyone's noses. A big smile crossed my lips as the crown of my cock nuzzled into her wet snatch.

I rubbed up and down her slit, her curls tickling the sides of my dick while her wet folds massaged the tip. She quivered and cooed as I did that. Mrs. Waters squealed in delight nearby. I grinned and thrust my dick into my mother's cunt.

Eric! she whimpered as I sank into her pussy. Ooh, ooh, yesy yes! I lovey you being in my pussy! That's where my biggie son belongs!

God, yes, I groaned as her tight cunt engulfed my cock. Her hot pussy felt just amazing around my dick. She had the best cunt of all my bimbos thanks to her skills. This is where I belong.

She squeezed and relaxed her pussy around my cock in such an exciting way. Her pussy walls rippled around my dick, suckling at me. I could just stay buried to the hilt in her twat, and her cuntal massage could get me to cum.

That was how amazing her cunt was. How skilled her pussy walls were. I groaned in the middle of the clothing store, just reveling in her pussy squeezing and contracting around my dick. That was just so perfect.

Fuck, I groaned. Oh, fuck, that's good. Damn!

I drew back my cock. I had to fuck her. I held her hips. She moaned as I buried my cock back to the hilt in her delicious cunt. The incestuous thrill swept through me. It was so hot being in my mother's pussy. To be back in the hole that had birthed me.

I reveled in it as I thrust into her snatch. I fucked her twat with force, burying my dick into her cunt again. My crotch slapped into her butt-cheeks. She moaned, her cunt gripping my dick. She held me tight as I pumped away at her.

Ooh, ooh, this is so cutie! squealed Tina. Look! Look! Isn't that so cutie!

Oh, that's purrrring cute! answered Cherry. You'd look so cutie and sexy and hottie in that. And so would I. Just shaking my big boobies at my big brother in that.

Your big brother? asked a strange woman. Must be one of the salesgirls.

Yeppers! my little bimbo-sister answered. He loves my big titties, and I love his big cock between them. I pump them upy and downy until he cummies on my face!

Oh, wow, that's kinky, the salesgirl said. Uh, with your big brother.

Yep, I groaned softly, slamming into my mother's cunt. They were so close. I didn't care. I just enjoyed fucking my mother's pussy.

My sister squealed about how she loved me as I pounded our mother's pussy. Mom moaned, her pussy clamping down on me. Her flesh rippled around me in that exciting way, building me toward my orgasm. I would flood her cunt with all my jizz.

Just pump her twat full of my spunk. I could breed her. It would be so hot to breed my mother. I slammed to the hilt in her snatch. Into that wonderful and silky sheath. She whimpered as I did that. She wiggled her hips from side to side as I fucked her with everything that I had.

Yes, yes, yes, she groaned. Ooh, ooh, your dickie is so biggie and just stirrying up my cunny! Yes, yes, Eric, honey! I wanna cummy on your cocky!

Yeah? I groaned, slamming hard into her from behind. My heavy nuts slapped into her cunt. You want to cum on me? Let me feel that pussy going wild!

Yes, yes, yes, she groaned, her twat squeezing down on me. I loved how she gripped me. She massaged me with that hot flesh. Cummy in my cunny! Such a goody boy! I lovey my goody boy so muchy much!

I gripped her breasts through her dress. I squeezed them as I fucked to the hilt in her twat. I buried deep into her snatch, so close to cumming. Her pussy suckled at me as I drew back, rippling in just the right way. 

I found her nipples through her black dress and pinched them. She gasped in delight as I did that. The pleasure swept through me. It was an exciting moment. I buried to the hilt in her snatch as I twisted her nubs. She gasped, her back arching.

Goody son! she squealed as her pussy went wild.

Her cunt spasmed with wanton hunger. She convulsed around my dick, cumming hard. I loved every second of this delight. She nursed at me as I stayed buried in her cunt. I loved the wonderful feeling of her snatch spasming around me. 

I shuddered, savoring that wonderful cunt suckling at me. She nursed with everything she had. It was a fantastic delight to have her convulsing around my dick. My nuts tightened. I twisted her nipples as she squealed in delight.

I erupted.

Fuck, I groaned, flooding my mother's cunther fertile wombin the middle of the clothing store. That's it!

She shuddered, her cunt convulsing around my dick. She suckled on me with such hunger. It was an amazing rush. I loved it so much as I savored that heat. I loved the pleasure sweeping through my body. Stars danced across my vision.

I felt so good as I pumped all that cum into her twat. I flooded her with everything that I had. It was fantastic. I loved every second of this pleasure rushing through me. I groaned as her cunt milked my dick dry.

Damn, Mom, I panted as I came down from my high.

All your ooey gooey cummies are in my cunny, she cooed in pure delight. 

Yep, I said and pulled my cock out of her cunt. I slipped my dick into my jeans. We need to buy groceries, don't we?

We do? Mom turned around, her big boobs jiggling beneath her dress. With her skirt still bunched around her waist, my cum dripped out and matted her thick, golden bush. 

Yeah, I said. Let's head over to Walmart and get that done. I think I'll fuck you in the ass at the grocery store. How does that sound?

I lovey being fucked! she gasped and snuggling up to me. 

I winked at her as we moved out into the clothing store. I didn't want to buy them anything from here. I just knew they would keep the staff busy, which they did. Those salesgirls looked very disgruntled when I gathered up my bimbos who hadn't bought a thing.

My bimbos didn't care. They were just bouncing around me. I led Tina by the leash while I had Mrs. Waters and Mom clinging to my arms. Two sexy bimbos. Cherry was in front, gasping at everything she saw, her big boobs jiggling in her large top.

I got them out of the mall and piled them into my minivan. This time, Mom had shotgun. The Walmart was just across the street. It was one of those super ones that had a grocery store in it. And it was busy. It would be hard to get away with fucking her in the store.

But I wanted to try it anyways.

Soon, we had a grocery cart and were heading inside. My dick was hard as I pulled Mom close to me and let the others goggle at all the stuff around them. They were squealing at the junk food especially. 

I brought us to the produce section. People were milling around. I handed Tina's leash to Cherry.

Mom, look very carefully at those melons. I felt so bold as I told her that.

She reached the melons and started feeling them. She giggled as she did. I knew she was thinking they were like boobies. I smiled as I unzipped my jeans and pulled my cock out in public. If we got caught... That made me so hard.

I lifted mom's skirt, rolling it up just enough to expose the bottom swell of her plump butt-cheeks. I pushed my cock into her crack and found her asshole. She gasped as I did that, her back arching. I pushed my cock slowly into her asshole.

I popped into her bowels. I groaned as I sank into her anal sheath right here in the produce section. Cherry, holding Tina's leash, watched on. So did Mrs. Waters. The sluts must all be horny by now. Poor things. 

I sank to the hilt in my mother's bowels, reveling in being in her all the way. I smiled at a woman shopping. She gave me a strange look seeing me right behind Mom who was quivering in delight. Then the woman glanced down.

She gasped and hurried off.

Great, the Karen had already seen me and was heading to the manager.

I drew back my cock, the thrill that we had been caught surging through me. I slammed back into my mom's asshole. She groaned, her anal sheath squeezing about me. I pumped away, trying not to be too obvious. Yet.

I kept my strokes short. I buried into her anal sheath with hard plunges. Quick thrust into her bowels before pulling out a few inches. Her asshole massaged me with her velvety sheath, the pleasures sweeping through me.

Yes, she groaned. Lovey your dickie in me!

Yeah, Mom, I groaned. 

I lovey it, too, Tina whimpered while Cherry nodded.

I grinned and pumped away at my mother's asshole. Her anal sheath felt so hot around me. Other shoppers were starting to notice. They frowned at the sight of me behind my mother, their heads shaking like they couldn't quite believe I was fucking her in public.

But I was. I fucked into her hard and fast. I thrust deep into her bowels. I plunged into her, savoring the velvety grip of her flesh. I hurtled toward my orgasm, my nuts tightening. All the people watching made this so exciting.

The staff was hurrying over, the man in the blue vest looking angry. 

Mrs. Waters, go say high to that nice man, I groaned, thrusting away hard at Mom's asshole now. No point in holding back. In the blue vest!

Yes! squealed Mrs. Waters. She rushed over to him and did more than say high. She threw her arms around his neck and kissed him. He struggled in her grasp, trying to get free of her. 

I grinned and hammered my mom's asshole hard. I hugged her now, squeezing her big tits. I fucked her without restraint. People were gasping. We were so busted now. I didn't care. I fucked hard into Mom's asshole. I buried deep into her bowels.

She moaned her anal sheath squeezing about my cock. Tina watched nearby, her round boobs quivering. Cherry watched, too, her hips wiggling from side to side. The poor thing was no doubt very horny.

You have to let go! the manager was saying to Mrs. Waters as I fucked my mother, the pressure building and building in my nuts.

Hi! Mrs. Waters said brightly and with such friendly energy.

Ooh, ooh, I'm gonna cummy, whimpered Mom, her bowels clamping down hard. My goody son is fucking me so hardy! She smiled at a woman watching aghast. Does your goody son butt-fuck you so hardy that you just burst in climaxy joy?

The woman slowly shook her head, her eyes so wide.

Pity! Mom squeezed her asshole around my dick as I buried into her. You should fucky him all the time! I lovey my son's biggie dick in my buttyhole!

Yes, you do, I groaned, the manager struggling to get free of Mrs. Waters. Cum, Mom. Just cum so hard!

I buried into her asshole. She gasped and bucked. Her boobs jiggled in my hand as her anal sheath spasmed around my cock. She suckled at me. Her anal sheath writhed around my cock, nursing at me with her velvety hunger.

I buried into her and grunted, Fuck, yes!

I erupted. My cum spurted over and over into her anal sheath. I shuddered as the pleasure shot through me. The ecstasy swept through my body and crashed into my mind. I loved every second of the heat rushing through me. It was an incredible rush to have all that pleasure sweeping through me. 

Stars danced before my eyes as I dumped my cum into Mom's asshole. I shuddered with delight. It was an incredible rush to pump my cum into her bowels. I loved showering her anal sheath in my spunk. It was outstanding.

Fuck, yes, I groaned, savoring the pleasure surging through me. 

Hey, stop that! the manager and shouted as I dumped more and more of my cum into my mother's asshole. You degenerates! Stop that right now!

Can't! I grunted, firing more and more of the jizz into her asshole. I'm already cumming!

All his cummies are flooding into my buttyhole! Mom squealed, her asshole milking my dick.
The manager finally broke free from Mrs. Waters and rushed over to us. I groaned, firing the last of my cum into her asshole. 

DING! 

I shuddered, hearing the notification from my phone. I ripped it out of my pocket as the man grabbed me.

You sick fuck! he growled. In the produce aisle!

Yep, I said, unlocking my screen. I saw Public Sex Slut Perk for 20 crystals. It required just any level 2 bimbo to have sex in public three times. 

The police are on the way, the man growled. Come with me.

I selected it, dropping me to 585 Crystals.

Why? I asked, my cock throbbing in my mother's asshole. 

Confusion washed around the man. He stared at Mom then at me. Er... He let go of me and scratched at the back of his neck. You were... But...

But I can fuck her anywhere I want, right? I asked. 

Of course, he said. I just... I'm so sorry for the misunderstanding, sir. Ma'am. Um, keep fucking your, uh, your mother if you want.

Thanks, I said and glanced down at my phone as he retreated. Mom was so close to leveling. Like one more sex act would do it.

I grinned. I had to fuck her where the most number of people would see me. Right before the cash registers. God, I loved this app.

To be continued...
