Triggers 14
[please note this chapter is from my friend R.]

With his eyes glued to the security monitor, his right hand glided quietly and skillfully to the toggle switch that controlled the camera lens. With a gentle fluid motion born from practice and familiarly, he realigned the small camera that was hidden just above the stores display window. From inside the back of the store his eyes narrowed down. He unconsciously licked his tongue across his lips in a slow hungry fashion as he intently watched the two young attractive female that had recently joined the group in front of the store.

"Well it's time to move this party along" he confided to no one but himself. With that, he removed the existing CD from the player on the console. In heavy black marker the words "ORGASMIC EXPERIENCE" where written neatly across the shiny surface of the freshly ejected CD. He quickly replaced it with a new CD with the words "DESTINY" scribed on its exterior. He hit the PLAY button and returned his full attention once again to the black and white figures on the screen.

Outside, no one even noticed the slight pause in the holiday music that emerged from the small black speakers, which where tucked discretely under the eaves that overhung the display window.  Somewhere between the dreamy soprano solo of the Brooklyn Boys Club rendition of "Little Drummer Boy" and the flowing chords of the Boston Symphony string quartet that accompanied them, the words of a carefully chosen subliminal message beat it's way into the
subconscious avenue of the assembled crowd.

Carla leaned forward "Come on Amy.....let's go in and investigate".

"Investigate what Carla? Amy reasoned "Isn't our FIRST concern to find out what the HELL happened to Wendy?"

"Ya" Carla replied in a tiny voice.

Waving her arm in the general direction of the entrance to the store Amy continued "AND......I'm not even sure the place is OPEN".

Suddenly the woman who had been overly enjoying herself in the middle of the small crowd stopped!! Carla and Amy also stopped their conversion; mainly because the women who had continually been molesting herself had somehow become part of the background rhythm of the crowd. The women turned, dropped her arms to her sides and then half-ran, half-walked directly into the store. She almost knocked the two girls over as she passed by them.

Well" Carla announced with renewed vigor and commitment. "Looks to me like the place is OPEN! Come on Amy......let's go in."

"I....I.....don't know?"

Carla continued, "Come on Amy!! Let go in and check the place out. Almost pleading she added "It CAN'T hurt. Besides.I almost feel as if it is our DESTINY to go into this particular store."

"Isn't that weird" Amy said "For some reason, I was thinking the exact same thing!!"

Both Carla and Amy began to laugh at the absurdity of it all.

"O.K." Amy reluctantly announced. Then jerking her thumb over her right shoulder at the model directly in back of her Amy added "But we're staying just long enough to find out for sure if that one is really Charlotte."

"Sure" Carla said "and maybe we can take a minute or two to see if any of the stuff they have on sale fits us"

"Whatever!" Amy replied with a shrug. Amy was more than a little surprised to find herself in agreement with Carla.....even though it was against her better judgment.

With their "ground rules" now agreed upon Carla pulled open the front door for Amy "After you" she said.

Without another word spoken they both obediently marched into the
store.

He moved away for the security monitor. In an effort to collect his thoughts and composure he stood for a few minutes in the darkness in the back of the store. He knew it would never do to meet perspective "new blood" with a growing erection.
