More and More
by Candy16/Executionus

STORY ONE

PART 1

I’ve always been a really shy girl, my face usually turning red whenever someone looked at me even in my bikini! Things were about to get REALLY bad one day, though, where I would be embarrassed more and more as the day went on….
It all began when I was 16 with my 2 girl friends Mel and Katie and we were out swimming in the lake in our secret spot. Mel is an Aussie girl with a deep tan (Without any visible tan lines too), brunette hair, and a sporty body. Katie is more like me, a little southern belle type with strawberry blonde hair, although hers is alot lighter than mine, and a thin body. Both of them are taller and have larger chests than I do, but my little 28Bs fit my petite body kinda, being only 4’11” and only 98 pounds, and I’d probably look as silly as alot of fakey porn stars if mine were really big.
On this day, when I jumped into the water from our tire swing the last time, my bikini shot up my chest as I hit the water, causing me to scream and frantically cover myself and move it back into place before they could see my breasts. This was my fatal mistake, as Mel and Katie have always teased me about my shyness, especially about my body, where those two are both the type to go around the house topless if there’s only us girls around, Mel sunbathing nude, and Katie wearing much more revealing clothes.
They both started teasing me about my freakout, saying things like “What’s wrong, you psycho? Aint no boys around!” To which I replied “I don’t care, I don’t want ANYONE to see me naked. That’s too embarrassing!” My 2 friends snickered to each other for a second while I wasn’t paying attention, and then they decided to pounce on me without warning! Mel being alot stronger than me had my arms behind my back, and even me kicking did nothing while still in water. Katie then said “Hold her there, lemme get my ‘cuffs!” I started to freak out, since I knew Katie kept a pair of handcuffs in her car hanging from her mirror to look kinky, and I knew that I was in trouble.
“Wait, stop!” I yelled, but in only a minute I was handcuffed behind my back and totally at their mercy. Katie then looked at me very evilly while touching the strings of my top and said (I’ll never forget it) “We’re getting you over your little shyness whether you like it or not.” She then started untieing me and I started freaking out and thrashing, begging and pleading her not to do it. “NO! Katie NOOOOO, please don’t, please, let me go!!” I yelled, but it was no use as she pulled my top right off! I will always remember the way my nipples looked the moment they were exposed in the air above the water, and the looks on the faces of my 2 friends as they stared at them for the first time, looking almost as lustful as most boys. It was killing me to see my own breasts out in the open air and my arms helpless behind my back, no matter how hard I tried to wriggle free. In fact, my struggling to get free of the cuff was just making my breasts shake more, and Mel wasn’t letting me submerge under the water.
Katie then yanked my bottoms down in one instant before I was even ready for it, and now the only thing covering my most secret and private area was the dark water, and I knew that wasn’t going to save me for long. Mel then said “Let’s get her on the shore so we can see her little pussy.” and started dragging me. At this point I’m losing my mind! I start offering them a deal “Wait wait, I’ll let you two see but not here, not outside where someone else might see me, PLEASE!!” They both thought about it for a second or two, before looking at each other and giggling. “Look how nervous she is”, “she’s freakin’ shaking and there’s no way anybody’s here”, “and the trees block everything even.”
I thought they might be showing some mercy, until Mel said “Let’s do it anyway!” and Katie goes “Ok” My friends carried me all the way to shore, with my hands failing to really cover my little round butt as it cleared the surface. This whole time I’m trying to curl up with me holding my legs together tightly to try and stop my last unseen area on my tiny virgin body from being exposed to them and anyone else who might be secretly watching from behind the trees. Unfortunately, with my hands cuffed behind me, all they had to do was put me down, pull my bottoms fully off of my legs, each grab a leg, and pull them apart to make me now in full spread eagle mode, totally naked from head to toe. Even worse, I’m a huge hygiene nut, so…I’ve shaved myself…down there…since I was 12, so my entire pussy in all of its glory was right there and impossible to not see, or for me to cover in any way. My two friends are giggling like idiots at me and my situation as I stop moving and wait for them to tire of it and let me go. Eventually they release my legs, but with my hand still cuffed all I can do to cover up is to pull my knees in front of my chest and cross my legs. I looked around and thought to myself that at least nobody ELSE could see me like this.
Mel, then said to me “Candy hunny, with how hot you are you don’t have to be such a scaredy-cat about nudity. Back in Australia women going topless if they were hot was almost as common as men going topless here.” To which I replied “I’m not like those women, though. I don’t LIKE being naked or even topless around people. Can you guys PLEASE uncuff my arms and give me my bikini back now!” my voice obviously filled with terror, added to me constantly looking at the trees and across the lake itself to make sure nobody was there.
Katie then said to Mel “Ya know, I’ve got a GREAT idea for something we can do with her while we’ve got her trapped and in my kinky-cuffs naked and all. We should call Ross over!”
I then clearly screamed out in terror “WHAT!?!?”


PART 2

Here I was, handcuffed naked sitting on the coast of the lake, trying to cover what little I can of my naked body using my legs, and my two friends were talking about calling a BOY over to see me! It was unbelievable enough just having two girls see me like this, but a boy was going way way too far. Especially Ross, since I’ve been friends with him since I was a kid and could never look at him again if he knew what I looked like naked….
“Wait wait wait,” I pleaded, “That’s going WAY too far! You can’t let a BOY see me NAKED! Please you guys, you wouldn’t want him to see you naked either.” Katie then assured me “Oh don’t worry, I wasn’t going to do anything THAT mean, but…I still want to have some fun, and Ross would totally love my little idea. Mel, grab Candy’s towel over there and the cuff key will you?” As Mel went to get my towel, a sudden shiver of relief hit me since I was going to finally be covered up again. I still got horribly nervous when Katie used her cell phone to call over Ross, especially with how she kept teasing him (and me) with how she had a big “surprise” that he “had to see”.
Once Mel returned, Katie told her to help pick me up and cuff me to one of the trees here. “WHAT?!?” I scream, as they lift me into the air, hands all over my still-naked body (which was unnerving in itself). I was made to stand up facing away from the tree as my hands were uncuffed and then recuffed behind the tree, over one of the branches. In this position, I was unable to move much at all, even up or down, without putting a ton of painful force on my wrists and shoulders, and this meant that I could do absolutely nothing to cover up any part of my body what-so-ever.
“No damn it, noooo!” I whined, “Please stop this, let me go! At least let me put on my bikini or something!!!”
Katie then grinned and said “Nope, no bikini for you.” To which I just broke down and offered a desperate deal “At least the bottoms, give me at least my bottoms back! I don’t want a boy seeing my pussy like this….” Katie then had pity on me and finally picked the towel up and wrapped it around me, covering me from a few inches above my chest and a few below where my legs meet. “Silly girl, I told you I wasn’t going to be THAT mean to you, but…I still want to see what happens when Ross gets here and we tell him that you’re completely naked under this towel. Both of your reactions are going to be priceless!”
I was suddenly in a mix of emotions. On the one hand, I was eternally grateful to have this towel on finally and not being naked out here anymore. On the other hand, having a boy see me wearing only a little bitty towel scared the crap out of me too, and I couldn’t stop thinking about it and dreading it. I mean, what if the wind blew and something showed? What if the whole towel fell off???? I wouldn’t even be able to catch it or stop it from going down! I wouldn’t even be able to hide any part of my boobs or my little shaven slit from him.
While I was dreading him showing up, I heard his car pull up, and knew it was too late for me to escape. I decided that I’d better just not move or shake at all to make sure nothing fell, but my nerves were making me shake like crazy and I couldn’t help it. My heart jumped a mile once he walked through the wall of trees out into the clearing by the shore and we could see each other. Ross was a normal-enough boy, not too much bigger than Mel, wearing just his swim trunks for the lake (which only added to his usual hotness), and he has short black hair, light abs, and piercing blue eyes…eyes that were right now staring RIGHT AT ME!
“Um…why is Candy tied to a tree?” Ros asked. Mel and Katie started giggling like idiots again, until Katie walked up to Ross and said (in a hugely seductive voice even) “Candy IS handcuffed to that tree all right, but you know what ELSE Candy is? Completely…naked…under her towel.” My face turned redder than my hair, I could feel it, and when Ross looked back at me to try and see if he could see any indication of her lying or telling the truth, his face was just as red. Ross looked at Mel and Katie “Wait, really?”, “Yep!” they both answered like twins.
“Candy?” he asked me, and I just lowered my head and sorta-whispered “…well..yes.” And then I continued “Those two jerks think this is a big funny prank.” Ross then chuckled and said “Well, at least it’s a hot prank.” This whole time Mel and Katie are laughing their asses off, Katie even managed to trip and fall without missing a beat. The wind started blowing all of the sudden, making me super self-conscious of every inch that the towel moved, praying that nothing was going to show.
Mel then decided to mess with us some more, “Jerks? Hey you, we didn’t HAVE to give you that towel you know. If I was being a jerk, I’d totally walk over there and rip it off of you right now.” To this I start freaking out worse than ever today “Oh my God, no, no no! I’m sorry Mel, you know I love you, don’t do that to me, PLEASE!” Mel, seeing the crazy look in Ross’s big eyes, decided to start messing with him too now. “Yeah, and without that towel Ross here would be able to see just how pink, round, and perky your cute little nipples are.” Having her tell Ross about the exact COLOR and SHAPE of my nipples was almost as embarrassing as if he could actually see them, so I just go silent and try to lower my face. Ross clearly skipped a breath when Mel said that, so Katie decided to join in with her seductive voice again “And…you’d be able to see how soft and smooth her little pussy is, completely shaven and hot!” I’m just standing here thinking “Oh my God” as my blushing has turned my whole body pinkish now. Ross looks like he’s in shock but is also as embarrassed as I am to have the girls making him horny like that.
Mel then walks over by me, putting her hands on my shoulders to make me even more nervous, and starts taunting us by saying “Oh God, talking about Candy’s hot little virginly body is making me want to just-” her hands move suddenly to grab the top of the towel “-tear this towel off!!” I scream at the top of my lungs as she scares the crap out of me by doing that. Me screaming gets her to let go, my nudity still covered (at least for the moment), and the girls start their crazed laughter again. Katie starts whispering to Ross now, and from the little bits I hear, she’s teasing him about how badly he wants to see me naked having known me our whole lives. “I’ll bet that you’d rather see Candy here naked than ANYONE else in the whole world, don’t ya Rossy-boy? Well, today you have your chance.” Mel walks over and starts daring Ross to do it, saying “Go on, you know you want to take off her towel. We won’t stop you….” Katie then ups the temptation another level, saying “Here, Mel and I will walk back behind the trees and up the hill abit, leaving you two alone for awhile, and you can do WHATEVER you want with her and we’ll never know.” With that, the two girls sprint up, giggling at Ross’s moral dilemma and my embarrassment. The girls seemed sure that Ross wouldn’t actually do anything, but I was worried that they might be wrong! Ross was staring at me in such a way that I knew he agreed with everything they said, he WOULD do almost anything to see me naked…maybe even strip me right here and now! The look on his face tells me just how badly he’s tempted, as I plead “Oh please no, Ross, don’t you dare.”
It’s at this moment, when the two of us are alone, and none of the girls can help me, that I feel my towel start to move a little out of place. The shaking has made it get too loose, it won’t stay up on its own much longer, and my best boy friend is staring RIGHT AT MY ALMOST NAKED BODY, just seconds away from the worst possible outcome!!! What was I to do?


PART 3

Once the girls were gone from our sight, I start to notice that my towel is moving slightly out of place. When I look down at it, I see that when Mel grabbed it and shook it earlier, she accidentally loosened the hooked part, which is now only holding on by the wetness of my skin and about to come loose any second! I start to panic as I feel the towel inching it’s way down, about to leave me naked in front of a boy for the first time since the doctor birthed me! I scream out as loud as I can “HEY! Help me, my towel is falling off!! HURRY!!” Ross stands stunned for a second so I plead again “Please Ross! Don’t let this happen to me, help me!”
Ross finally rushes over to save me from my embarrassment, but as he starts heading towards me the towel comes undone and starts dragging down my body! The towel unfolds around as it slips down, exposing my right breast as I start to lose it and scream. The towel slips down and now my left breast is uncovered too, and then my belly as the towel falls off of me. Ross jumps and catches the towel at my waist, preventing my final and most private reveling, but now I’m completely topless in front of him! Ross looks right at my breasts, exposed fully, still kinda wet, very perky from all of the excitement, and his jaw just drops. He’s frozen in place as I start begging him “Oh my God, please, hurry up and put the towel back on me!” As he starts to move his hands, another fear hits me and I stop him suddenly and cry out “Hey! Please Ross, I’m begging you, keep my pussy covered ok? Be really careful moving your hands.” I could see Ross trying to look over, under, and around the small part of the towel corner still covering my pussy trying to peek at me, even though he was trying to hide it from me. I felt so guilty, but I couldn’t stop thinking about my nudity and freaking out about it. As Ross started slowly sliding the towel up and back around me, his fingers dragging on my naked legs makes me start to shake, and not just out of fear either. As his hand passes my naked butt, I jump, which makes his hand holding the corner still covering me move. I look down and see that it’s not quite showing yet, but if I didn’t shave he’d be seeing most of my hair by now! He moves his hand back up and whimpers a shy little “Sorry”, to which I say “It’s ok, I’m just really, REALLY embarrassed and nervous and shy and…please hurry!”
At this point, Mel and Katie walk back into view and see me nearly naked with Ross right in front of me and touching me, and Mel yells out “Holy sh*t, Ross actually stripped her!” Ross then tries meekly to defend himself “I did not, honest, the towel just fell on its own!” Mel and Katie run over and grab my towel, very quickly lifting it back up and around me. I give a huge sigh of relief as my naked body is covered up again, until Mel started teasing Ross. “So…what did you think of Candy’s hot little naked body, huh?” Ross looked like a deer in headlights as he answered “I didn’t mean to see you, Candy, but…wow you’re hot. You have the sexiest boobs I’ve ever seen, seriously.” Katie then got all fake-indignant and asked “Oh what, just the boobs? Her pussy and ass weren’t good enough for ya?” Ross quickly responded “Well I didn’t get to see her, uh, lower half because I caught the towel midway, honest, but I’m sure they’re hot too” This whole time I am turning more red than ever, if that was possible, as a hot boy is actually talking about how much he liked my body.
Katie then smiled VERY evilly, which made me rightfully nervous, and said “Oh, they’re hot, REALLY hot, trust us. Candy, we really shouldn’t be so mean to your loyal fan by keeping the rest of you hidden when he’s already seen so much. Whaddaya say we just drop the towel and let him see how sexy you REALLY are?” I’m almost too shocked by the situation to argue, but I manage to get out a “No, please no, ANYTHING but that! If you let me keep at least my pussy covered, I’ll give you guys whatever you want in the whole wide world, I promise!!!!” Mel and Katie then walked up on either side of me, each grabbing a thigh and separating them a tiny bit, with Ross just 3 feet in front of me, and me shaking and trying desperately but in vain to escape my coming doom. Mel whispers into my ear “But, Candy, what if your pussy IS the thing we all want most?” Without waiting for an answer, she whips the towel completely off of me leaving me completely naked from head to toe IN FRONT OF A BOY!! I start screaming and trying to raise one leg to block at least my tiny virgin pussy, but it’s no use and Ross can clearly see every inch of my naked body. My cleavage, both whole breasts, both of my private and pink nipples, all visible, and the worst thing imaginable: My clit, slit, and the rest of my shaved pussy is as clear as day to all of them. Mel, deciding that there wasn’t enough exposure somehow, reaches to my inner thigh and pulls them apart, actually spreading open my pussy lips so that all three, including the boy, can see right INSIDE OF ME!!! My whole body felt like collapsing from embarrassment.
Katie then asks Ross “See? Isn’t that the hottest little vagina you’ve ever seen?” Ross answered instantly “Yes! Wow yes. I know you’re embarrassed, Candy, but…wow. You have nothing at all to be shy of.” Mel then very obviously laid two of her fingers on Ross’s swimtrunks, which brought to my attention just how HUGE his bulge had gotten. Seeing this made me shiver from head to toe, thinking about how…it was ME that made him get that hard, nobody else. Also, watching Mel make Ross jump by touching his bulge got me very excited, mixed with how uncontrollably hot everything that’s happening has been. Mel giggles and points at Ross “Oh yeah, we can tell that you like seeing our little Candy all right. Maybe you should ‘show her’ your appreciation for her body.” It was now Ross’s turn to be shy, with the two evil girls swarming on him. Me knowing just how far they were capable of going, I couldn’t help but stare at Ross’s hot and barely-covered body unblinkingly, hoping against hope that I might not be the only one seen naked today….
Ross was preparing to defend himself with his arms, when Katie had an idea “Hey now, no need to be shy around us girls. Besides…if you lose those shorts in the next 10 seconds, we’ll let you TOUCH little Candy…anywhere.” Mel joins in with the alternative “And if you don’t, then we’re just going to cover her up again. Choose quickly!” Ross looks right at me, and both of us are trying very hard to decide which option we like better. Once Katie starts counting down, though, Ross gives in “Fine, ok fine.” and puts his fingers in the sides of his swimtrunks. At this point I am over here on the tree breathing heavily, as I am about to see my first naked man in person, and it’s ROSS of all people, which makes it 100x better! He starts lowering them down, and I just gasp and hold my breath. Finally he pushes them down below his dick, and it springs free very hard and solid, at which point I release my breath (making an embarrassing light moan too). The other girls are also fanatically staring at him, as he steps out of his shorts just as naked as I am.
Ross walks over to me and gently places 2 fingers on my chest, making me shiver. He starts quickly-but-lightly dragging them over me, almost innocently touching my breasts, nipples, tummy, thighs, and grazing across my pussy. His touch is sending my body over the deep end sexually, as I start to wonder if I’m going to just lose it and cum without warning while he’s just feeling around me! The evil bastard starts using both hands now, touching me all over, and he keeps accidentally grazing me with his dick exciting me further. My body gets even MORE excited when suddenly he concentrates his fingers on my pussy, rubbing it in gentle circles. To get a better leverage (and probably to peek at my ass) he walks behind me and drapes his arm around my side, still rubbing my throbbing pussy.
While I’m lost to the world in the mood, just a few short seconds away from possibly the greatest orgasm in the history of ever, the four of us are startled by a loud noise from behind the trees. Then I notice several voices, BOY VOICES! A group of younger teen boys are trying to get to the swimming area where we are. I scream to Ross “Oh my God, help me!” right as they start coming into view. Ross only has enough time to cover my private areas with his hands and arms, one high and one low, before the boys could see anything of me. While Ross saves me from even more exposure (for now), the boys have no trouble recognizing my situation, as one of them even yells out “Holy cow, there’s a naked girl here!” I whimper to Ross “Please please don’t move your hands”
I looked to my friends. They wouldn’t really expose me on purpose…and to a whole bunch of boys…would they???


PART 4

My nudity dilemma just gets filled with more and more surprises by the minute. I’m handcuffed to a tree, arms behind my back, completely naked from head to toe, with my body covered by the hands and arms of an equally-naked boy standing behind me. As shocking, exciting, and nerve-wrecking as his touch is, if he moves his hands for even a second, then this new group of younger teen boys will ALL be able to see me naked and there isn’t a thing in the world I could do about it, so I beg for him to keep his hands on me no matter what. Meanwhile, just looking at Mel and Katie tells me that they’re planning to mess with me even more.
“Make them go away!” I yell to them, but Mel responds “Hold up a second, they just want to look.” I plead desperately “I don’t WANT them to look! This is going way too far, get them out of here now, please Mel! Katie, do something.” Katie walks over towards me and answers (again with her special seductive voice) “Oh, I’ll do something all right” before she suddenly starts licking and kissing my neck. I gasp and sorta moan out “What are you doing??” to which Katie responds “I saw how horny you were a second ago, so I’m ‘helping’ you.”
Katie’s hands start rubbing my sides while her mouth works my neck, and even though I never knew I was into women at all, this action was bringing me right back to the sensitivity level I was just at from Ross’s body and touch, and him holding me too just made it even stronger. Katie then said to Ross “Go on, you can have that side of her neck. Can’t you see? The reason little ol’ Candy has always been shy about her body is because being naked like this in front of people turns her on so strongly.”
Ross and Katie start sandwiching my neck with their kisses and tongues, and when I can force my eyes open over the extacy feeling, I can see all of the boys staring at me and watching the show. I try to deny to Katie that she was right about me, but even just THINKING about my situation made my legs shiver, and every single time I glanced at the horny boys or looked at the hands barely covering my body from their stare made me more and more horny. I couldn’t believe it, but being trapped naked and almost-exposed like this in front of the crowd of increasingly-horny boys was doing even more to me than Katie and Ross playing with me.
By now, Mel had walked over, and told Ross “Move this arm, I’ve got her breasts.” Before I could even protest, Ross’s upper arm moved to my hip and Mel’s hands were holding and covering my breasts. Mel leaned forward and started licking me up and down my cleavage, which was 10x more sensitive than I ever expected it to be, making me shake and moan a little. Ross resumes moving his fingers covering my pussy in circles, making my hips start to move with him.
I’m nervous out of my mind that his hand moving might expose something, and that’s just adding to my excitement at this point. One of the boys yells out “Hey, let us see something!” I try to yell “No!”, but my breath is gone so I just sorta moan it out. Mel, however, answers “Well Candy, you have so many fans, we should at least give them a peek” As she suddenly moves her hands off of my breasts for a second, before grabbing them again, which flashed my nipples to all of the gasping boys watching me.
“MEL!!!” I scream, but Mel simply responds “Oh hush” before she puts her mouth on my left breast, moving her hand off of it, and then starts licking my VERY sensitive nipple. Mel’s other hand starts squeezing my right boob rhythmically, while Katie starts grabbing and rubbing my ass as well as her licking of my neck and shoulder. Mel then decides to switch boobs on me, but to do this she uncovers both of them and takes her time grabbing my left boob with her hand and putting her mouth on my right nipple.
I’m so embarrassed to be here like this, naked, being sexually played with by my 3 closest friends, in front of an audience of boys I’ve never seen before in my life, and yet it’s also the single hottest experience of my life and I start hoping that it’ll never end. Mel moves suddenly again, now licking down on the inside of my right thigh with her hands at my sides, leaving my breasts and nipples fully and completely exposed, this time without covering them again! I look at all of the boys staring at my chest and start to tremble uncontrollably.
Katie decides to make things even worse, by telling Ross to follow her lead. She then whispers loudly in my ear “Oh Candy darling, I’m going to make Rossie here move his hand and show everyone your lil’ pussy!” I react “NO! Anything but that, please you guys! Ross, please don’t move your hand!!” Katie then finishes her plot “Well then, you have ONE way you can leave here without every boy in this area seeing your pussy for as long as they’d like: You have to cum for us! I’m going to count down from 10, and if I hit 0 before you cum, Ross is moving his hand.”
I look in terror at Ross, and the look on his face told me that he was really going to do it to me. Katie began counting: “10!” My knees shook in fear, knowing what was in store for me. “9” I gasp, close my eyes, and focus entirely on all of the attention on my body. “8” I think about Ross’s manly hand rubbing my pussy, and how it would kill me if it moved. “7” Both out of embarrassment, and frustration and need to cum. “6” I open my eyes, looking at the boys staring at my nudity. “5” My mouth hangs open moaning loudly. “4” I feel myself getting close, but is there enough time?” “3” Running out of time!!! “2” ALMOST THERE!!! “1” I scream out very loudly in extacy as my orgasm hits me harder than anything I’ve ever felt before!
My body starts to thrash around as Ross’s hand grabs onto my pussy, keeping it covered and holding me ever-so-hotly as I squirm around. After a few seconds I try to catch my breath, looking around at all of the horny faces staring at me. As I come down from my high, I’m reminded just how naked I am and how close I am to having my pussy exposed, as I look to my friends as I beg “Ok, can you guys please put a towel around me now already?” For once today I got my wish, as Katie wrapped a towel around me and kept true to her word of not letting the boys see my little shaved virgin pussy.
As I look over, I watch as Ross loses control and strokes himself to an orgasm as well, and watching just how much my body affected him (and how quickly he went) makes my body shiver with delight. As Mel chases off the boys, making them promise to not tell anyone what they saw or she’d hurt them, and Katie uncuffed me, my mind finally wrapped itself around the idea that my crazy day was over at last. Although now, I couldn’t stop thinking about wanting to have the three of them touch me naked like that again. …Also, I couldn’t stop thinking about how I was going to get revenge on Mel and Katie!


PART 5 (2nd Story)

Hello, my name is Candy, and I'm 16, very short and petite, with bright red hair. A few months ago I was exposed and embarrassed more and more as the day went on by my 2 best friends, eventually ending with one boy, Ross, seeing me 100% naked AND rubbing me basically everywhere, a group of younger boys seeing me 95% naked, and all of them watching me orgasm from Ross's hand, which was the only thing covering my bare pussy (and bare-ly at that). Before that day nobody had seen me naked since I was a toddler, and now I get teased by my friends, the tall and sporty Aussie girl Mel and the ever-horny southern strawberry-blonde Katie, nearly every day about it. On top of that, every time I see Ross nowadays he's looking at me way differently and making me blush hardcore. Because of all of this, I wanted to get revenge on Mel and Katie so badly that it was all I could think about for days!

So one day Katie is hosting a huge party at her house, which is pretty big and even has a pool, and there's at least 30 people there (20 of them boys), and I knew that this was the perfect chance to get those two back. I told Ross my plan and he was totally game for it, since I'm sure he wanted to see their boobs and badly as I wanted to bare them, and I would need his help. Ross and I were walking alongside the pool talking with those two holding onto the side.

When I gave the signal word, "Pizza", Ross and I simultaneously reached down and ripped the bikini top off the girl in front of us (Mel and Katie respectively), lifted it over her head, and held it up. Both girls screamed, "What the hell are you doing?". I even twirled my stolen top a little bit to show off. I teased the girls by saying "Payback is mine, and you can't have your tops back until you both get out of the pool and show everyone your boobs!" This got a bit of a cheer and a laugh from many watching, but Mel and Katie just held their tits in their hands and relatively calmly exited the pool and walked back into the house. I was having the time of my life, and I was glad to get them back, even if they never showed anything, it was the humiliation that I was after most. Unfortunately, this night wasn't over yet....

The girls put their bras and shirts back on, and were laughing about the prank with me. After about a half hour we head to Katie's room since they told me that they needed my help finding her phone. Once we were in the room, Katie shut the door and Mel pounced me, grabbing my wrists and practically bodyslamming me onto the bed. "Funny funny, huh? Well, we can't just sit back and let you get away with a stunt like that, now can we?" To this I replied "Hey, I was just getting you guys back, we're even now!" Katie started going through her pile of stuff and grabbed some thin red rope while saying "Yeah, and now it's our turn. Hold her still!" I was struggling as hard as I could, but Mel is almost a foot taller than me and way stronger, so I was getting nowhere. Katie wrapped the rope behind the bed's headboard, then Mel pulled my arms as far apart as they could go. Katie then tied both of my wrists with opposite ends of the rope. By the time she was done, I couldn't move my arms at all because pulling on one end just pulled on my other arm harder.

Once my arms were secure, Mel reached behind my back and started untying my top! I started getting really nervous and pleading "Hey wait, I didn't tie your arms or anything, you guys could still cover up. This isn't fair!" The girls just laughed as the back of my top was untied, and Mel took the strings of it and laid them out across the bed. My top was still on (for now), but even a good wind or something would knock it off of me. "Please guys, I don't want anyone to see me naked again! STOP!" Then I looked over at Katie and screamed when I saw that she had fished out her digital camera. "NOOOO! Not a camera, that's going WAY too far! Stop this, please." Katie smiled and said "Oh don't worry, we're not going to send the pictures to anyone or anything, although it would be freakin' funny to watch your face if I put you on the internet"

With that comment I froze, and Katie took her first picture of me. I looked around nervously and made sure that nothing was showing, but then Mel tugged at my bikini a little to move it over to the side. Now it was only like a half an inch away from showing part of my nipples, and Katie took another picture. "Guys STOP!! NO MORE!!" When Mel reached to tug my bikini again, I started struggling against my ropes like mad, desperately hoping to get free before...my breasts came into view. With my bikini still on me, but off to the side of where I wanted it, I could see my own nipples and I watched as Katie aimed the shot. "Katie please, don't." I heard the click of the camera, and a cold shiver went through me as I knew that there was now a topless picture of me. Next the top was taken off, and Katie got two more shots.

Mel teased me "I'll bet you're getting all horny again like last time, aren't you darling?" I quickly yelled "No!", but in truth I was and they both knew it. Next Mel began untying my bottoms as I started kicking around "HEY!! Guys, that's going too far, please don't take pictures of my PUSSY!!!" Those two were loving my reactions, and Mel teased me saying "I'm just untying the strings, but if you keep kicking you're going to lose it and give us a show. If you can keep them from falling off, then we won't touch them." The game was on, and I immediately laid my legs together tightly and held them still as my strings were untied and the back was pulled out. My bottoms were now laying on top of my privates and nothing more. Katie took her next picture, and before my heart could even get done sinking Mel started tickling my side chest. I fought it, but quickly started laughing and fidgeting around. Katie took more pictures as I struggled so hard to keep my bottoms on me, but one accidental jerk sent them sliding down between my legs. I screamed again and desperately crossed my legs and pulled them up, trying my best to hide everything. Katie took another couple of pictures, and I couldn't even tell if any of my shaved and bare pussy was showing in them.

Then things got worse as Mel laughed "Oh no, you LOSE!" as she grabbed my right ankle. Katie then grabbed my left ankle, and they started pulling my legs apart. I wasn't nearly strong enough to fight them, and now my legs were spread wide open and my pussy was showing (in complete detail by this point too). I was so embarrassed, nervous, and sexually excited that I could feel my pussy throbbing as they looked at it, especially when Katie aimed the camera again. "No don't!" I begged. *Snap* I heard the sound of the camera taking a picture and the rush of it made me start trembling and, while my friends held my legs apart and Katie snapped more pictures, I thrashed around and had a very explosive orgasm!

Mel yelled "Oh my God! She actually freakin' came!" Katie was clearly very turned on now, to the point of being as obvious as my nakedness now, and she said to Mel "Hey girl...let's have some more fun with her before we let her go!"


PART 6

Here I lie, freaking NAKED head to toe, arms tied to the bed, and I think I may have even just had an orgasm from my own exposure. My friends Katie and Mel are staring, lust in their eyes, and totally thinking of more ways to embarrass me. I beg them one more time "Please guys, you've had your fun. Untie me before somebody else tries to walk in here!"

Katie giggled at my comment, then turned towards Mel and said "See? That was my idea." Mel was lost, only responding with "Huh?" Katie then elaborated "What do you think Candy would do if one of us went back out to the party and auctioned off the chance to 'walk in here'?, Hehehe" "NO DON'T!" I screamed. Mel lit up "Oh God, I bet we could get a ton of money that way." Katie agreed "Yep! Plus, it could help Candy to stop being so shy all the time." Mel then added "Let's tie her legs open too, so that it's alllll on display, hehe" I tried to resist, but very quickly my legs were tied wide apart just like my arms were. I was helpless in an X shape, with my bare little pussy facing the door that could open at any moment.

I start pleading with them not to do this, but I'm being completely ignored by their conversation with each other. Mel asked "So who goes out to auction and who stays here with her?" Katie smiled brightly and declared "You auction, I'll stay. Don't tell anyone who is in here, just tell them it's a naked girl. I have an idea of something to do with her that should be awesome." "Ok" And with that, Mel snuck out of Katie's bedroom and back into the main party area, leaving me alone with the evil look on Katie's face.

She reaches underneath her shirt, and pulls off her bra, showing it to me. "...What are you gonna do?" I ask. Katie answered in a seductive voice "Something I've been wanting to do for a very long time" as she crawled up onto the bed and over me. Before my brain could even react, her lips silenced me with a very intense kiss. I felt a tingle from it, more than I ever expected from my first girl kiss. As she broke the kiss I asked "Katie, what was that?" as my face grew red again. She looked me in the eyes and asked me "Candy dear, have you ever thought of me in a naughty way before?" I quickly responded "No. You're my friend. And a girl" Katie giggled and said "Well I've had a thought or two about you over the years, cuteness, and now I have you tied up naked in my bed." As she said this to me, her right hand was rubbing my upper thigh suggestively. I never knew Katie had the hots for me until now, and as completely crazy as this whole experience was, I couldn't deny that she was a very sexy girl herself.

Katie then declared her intentions "So, little miss naked naughtiness in my bed, I want to have a little fun before Mel gets back. If you say no, then I'll understand and leave you here. But if you say yes, not only will it be lots of fun...I might just cover you up before the auction winner opens the door." What a bombshell! One of my best friends just basically asked me for sex. I didn't even know what to say, so I stared in silence until Katie leaned down and kissed my cleavage. She asked again "Yes or no, girl. We have to be quick or else we'll get caught in the act..." I didn't know what to say, but somehow my hormones caused my mouth to utter "ok" without me telling it to.

Not giving me any chance to change my mind, the hand on my thigh moved quickly to my clit and in mere moments I was trembling. A few seconds of that went on before I watched her pull off her swim bottoms with her other hand. I couldn't see her parts with her lying on me, but now all she had on was her t-shirt. I could hear Mel in the house asking the boys for money to see a naked girl, and shivered knowing that she was talking about me. Part of me was still trying to escape, but another part was enjoying Katie's touch. While her right hand continued to make my womanhood squirm, her left hand lifted the hem of her shirt upwards slowly until her boobs fell right out. "Do you like my body, Candy?" she asked me, with a hint of nervousness in her voice. I meekly nodded and answered "..yes." "I like your body too. And I've always wondered if you live up to your name" Confused, I asked "What?" Katie's face went red as she clarified: "I want to know if you taste like candy"

Katie turned around on top of me until I was staring right at her naked pussy over my head, and my naked pussy was right under her face. "Oh my God!" I thought. She wasn't really going to do this was she? I felt her hands spread my lips apart and her face lower close to me. Her pussy was only a few inches above my face, and seeing it did turn me on even more than I had expected. Suddenly I felt her tongue on my lower lips, sending a shiver that caused a high-pitched gasp. She kept going, and now I was in heaven. She was very good at this, far too good for this to be her first time. Her pussy was wet and lowered onto me, and lost in the moment I started to lick it back. Now it was Katie's turn to shiver! I couldn't believe that I was lying here 69ing one of my best friends, but it felt too good to stop.

As we licked, I heard the voices outside getting louder as the group of boys and Mel walked closer to the bedroom door. Mel loudly declared "I have $20 from Jimmy, can any of you beat that? This is a once-in-a-lifetime chance to see a fully naked girl, and it's a girl from our school I promise." I started to panic now, stopping what I was doing to instead whisper into my friend's pussy "Wait stop! They're almost here, you have to cover me up or let me go before they come in and catch us!" Katie moaned a little and then said to me "I don't care if they catch us." so I yelled "I DO!" Katie asked me "So you don't want some boy to walk in here and see your wide-open and tasty pussy facing the door, being licked by little ol' me while he watches?"

The group of boys led by Mel got right outside of the bedroom door. I harshly whispered "No! NO! Please no!" I tried to close my legs and at-least hide my pussy lips from the doorway, but the ropes prevented me from moving more than an inch. I was trapped with literally everything I have facing an unlocked door with boys right outside bidding for the chance to come in! Katie teased me "Well then, here's the deal. This is gonna be similar to that day by the lake. Only this time, you have to lick your cute little tongue off and make ME cum quickly, otherwise I'll stay right here and make sure they see everything you got" Katie then started licking me faster than ever, which felt amazing and made it hard to concentrate. The thrill of having boys so close to seeing me naked was causing my naughty parts to be extremely sensitive to her every motion.

Still, I had to focus on her in order to save myself from ultimate humiliation. I licked her back, without any idea what I was doing really but seemingly getting good results based on her moans. She pressed her hips up against me and wiggled them around, grinding my face as I worked to get her off. Outside I heard Mel loudly say "Ok, $50 from Billy. It sure sounds like our naked girl is having fun in there, are you boys sure you don't want to outbid him?" Oh God, they can hear us! That fact alone was embarrassing beyond belief, I couldn't even imagine how humiliating it would be for them to see the act itself. And then I started to imagine it, and this sent a new tingle through my body. I was already right on the edge, and imagining a boy walking in on us pushed me over it. When I wasn't ready for it one bit, my orgasm hit me like a truck and I loudly thrashed around on the bed underneath Katie's naked body, with her tongue sending waves of sensation with every twitch I made. 

I heard the boys outside exclaiming "Holy shit!" from what they just heard. They all started pleading with Mel, offering her everyone's money in order for her to let every one of them in, and Mel agreed as long as every boy paid $20. There were at least 10 boys out there about to come in all together to see me like this. Running out of time, I licked Katie's pussy with all of my energy, and I could tell that she was about to cum from the excitement of making me go first a few seconds ago. I licked like my life depended on it, because my social life kinda did.

Katie lost all control pretty quickly, but then I heard Mel say the scariest line ever "Ok everyone, we're about to come in. Look but don't touch, mmkay?" I pushed my face into Katie's wet pussy and gave it everything I had, desperate for some escape. Katie instantly started to tense up. Mel continued to tease the boys "I'm gonna open this door for you all on the count of three. Ready?" The boys all responded "Yeah!!" Katie tensed and thrashed and came from my efforts right as Mel said that. I started to panic now, whispering "I did it, now help me help me HELP ME!"

Katie jumped off of me, exposing every inch of my body to the air again. Mel counted "One...." Katie pulled her shirt back down and her swim bottoms back up. Mel counted "Two...." I struggle to escape, calling to my friend "No please! Don't leave me like this!" Katie quickly tossed a towel over my face and ordered "Stay quiet" Mel counted "THREE!" and threw open the door! 


PART 7

I'm naked, tied up on the bed, with my wide open and very wet pussy facing the door to this room right as it opened and a dozen boys looked in. The only thing covering me is a towel over my face, which also prevented me from seeing what was going on.

Immediately after Mel opened the door, I heard several boys shout and holler. They were looking at me naked. NAKED! My boobs were right there, nipples rock hard, my pussy was about as open as the door was, and not one inch was covered. All I had left was the fact that they didn't know who I was, so I had to stay silent even though I wanted to scream like a banshee right now. I could hear the boys filling the room, looking at my nakedness from every possible angle. Some were asking why I was tied up, so Katie said "So she can't escape, chicken out, or cover anything. Here is our hot friend 'Jane'. She doesn't want anyone to know who she is, but she does want you boys to get a really good look at her body. She wants you to dream about her tonight. Do you like her?" The boys all yelled "Yeah!" with one guy shouting "Hell yeah!" One of the guys called out "Hey wait, is that Janet?" I was shocked a little bit, because Janet is one of the hottest cheerleaders in the school. Did this guy really think I was as hot as she was? Mel laughed and said "No it's not Janet." Another guy yelled "Shit, is that Candy?" Oh God, he recognized me! My whole body shivered and started to redden even more than I already was. Katie answered this time "No. You really think Candy would flash people?" The guy responded to her "No, but she should. Candy's damn fine" I couldn't believe that a boy just said that about me. I recognized his voice, and it was a smoking hot guy named Billy that always makes me blush when he makes eye contact with me. Now I know he thinks that I'm hot, with or without clothes. Oh God, Billy can see me naked...and so can a bunch of other guys from school!

Mel yelled out "No more guessing you guys! Even if you guessed right we wouldn't tell you. You're supposed to tell this anonymous girl what you think of her bare body. That's the whole point of this." One of the guys started off by yelling "Smoking hot!" To which everyone agreed. Katie prodded "Well duh, but give her details. What do you like about her body?" A guy whose voice sounded very familiar spoke up and said "That pussy is perfect! I love them shaved and clean with the lips open like that." Another guy said "And her boobs are awesome, I mean look at how perky they are even while she's lying down!" Yet another added "And her nipples are totally rock hard, you can tell she's horny right now. I want to suck on them right now" Every boy seemed to agree with that last statement, and part of me was imagining them actually doing it. The other part couldn't believe that a bunch of hot guys were commenting about my private parts!

The next boy to speak I recognized immediately as he said "This girl is the sexiest girl I've ever seen." It was Ross, my best guy friend and also the boy who saw me naked at the lake. And I could hear that he was standing RIGHT between my legs. Oh God, even he never saw my body in THIS much detail until now. And Ross must recognize what I look like naked, so he knows that it is me under here! It took my brain a few seconds to recover from that shock long enough to process that he just called me the sexiest girl he had ever seen...and that made me gasp a little on accident.

I'm lying here practically hyperventilating from the mixed emotions of profound embarrassment and overwhelming arousal when suddenly another guy called out "Hey, can we turn her over and check out her ass?" Oh God, the one thing they couldn't see of my naked body and now they wanted to see it. Katie piped up and said "Well we can't really turn her without letting her go, but I have an idea to show it off." Katie then leaned in to whisper in my ear "Don't struggle when I untie your legs or else I'll take your towel, ok?" As humiliating as this was going to be, the last thing I wanted was for everyone to know who I was. So I was forced to stay still as Katie untied my legs. Once free of the ropes, Katie closed my open legs and said "So here's what her pussy looks like closed. Neat huh?" The boys all agreed, with Billy loudly saying "Oh man, she has a perfect coin slot style pussy. She should get a job at the strip club. She'd make bank!" I didn't even know what a coin slot pussy was, I guess it was referencing my smooth mound and lips that close completely into a line. No matter what he meant, this boy that I know well from school was completely in love with my naked pussy and it was making me shiver.

Once she was done showing off my coin slot, Katie lifted my legs upwards while still holding them together. She crawled onto the bed for extra leverage, and soon my legs were pulled all the way to my head. This meant that my butt was on display, but so were my pussy lips from a whole new angle. All of the boys gathered around to get a better look at me, and one boy exclaimed with extreme excitement "God what I wouldn't give to stick my dick in there right now" All of the boys vocally agreed with him, with nearly each one coming up with a new way of saying how badly they wanted to have sex with me right now. One even yelled out "Wow, look how wet she is! I'll bet she wants me to put it in right now before she goes crazy. Am I right?" Again all of the boys agreed, but that one didn't stop. "No seriously, girl, just say the word and I'll give you what you need, for real." What he was saying to me was humiliating, but it also wasn't completely wrong. A big part of me wanted every single one of these guys to jump on this bed with me and take me to heaven all at once, with this towel making sure they never knew it was me all along. I had never been so horny in my entire life and my pussy was practically screaming at me to touch it. Even if my arms weren't tied up, there was no way I could do that. Right?

Katie stopped the boys "Ok ok boys, simmer down. She does look like she could use a hand though. Maybe I'll ask her" That comment sent a rustle through the boys wondering what she meant. I felt her get on the bed with me, over my naked body, and started getting flustered again after what we had just done a few minutes earlier. She whispered into me ear "So Sexy...if I untie your hands for you, are you going to play with yourself for all of us?" How did she know what I was just thinking? I blushed profusely again and whispered "Oh my God, no. I..can't..." Katie continued "Well, I think you want to do it. So here's the deal: I untie your hands, and you have to touch yourself and put on a good show, otherwise I steal your towel. Got it?" I harshly whisper "KATIE!!" before she lifted herself off of me and started to untie my hands.

Somehow the act of untying me made me feel more trapped than before. I knew what she wanted, and no matter what I did it would be better than letting them know who this naked girl really was. Besides, I couldn't deny how aroused I was right now. I think Mel and Katie have been right about me all along...I am shy with my body because boys looking at me turns me on so much, especially when I'm completely naked like this. So without her saying a word to the boys, I move my right arm downward and place it on my pussy.

At first I'm just covering it up, but then the sensitive nature of my pussy right now leads me to start moving my fingers a little bit. Everyone is amazed, even Mel who loudly screams "Holy shit!" once I start rubbing myself. I just think about what's going on, how there are like a dozen hot boys from school watching me naked and rubbing my clit, and the shame and sensuality of it causes me to get even more aroused than before. The only thing keeping me sane is that they can't see my face. My left hand goes to my chest, as my nipples were aching from their desire to be touched as well. Soon my left hand is alternating between which boob it wants to play with, while my right hand goes up and down on my clit at the speed of light. One of the guys asks me to spread my legs wide again, and I do it without anyone needing to force me into it. Here I am, the goodie-two-shoes little Candy everybody knows and overlooks, and I am fingering my naked body to orgasm in front of a crowd of boys, not to mention my two best friends one of which just 69ed me. It does not take long at all, maybe only 45 seconds, before my hips buck madly and I loudly gasp from an orgasm so intense that I feel it in my toes.

Once I finally come down from that high, I pull my legs together to my chest and relax, partly out of shame and partly from exhaustion. At this point my friends decide that I've had enough exposure for one eternity and they shuffle the boys out of the room. I'm still in a state of shock, not believing that I just did any of that and not sure how I felt about it either. After a brief talk, they convinced me that it was good, that it was fun. I could walk out there knowing that every boy at the party wanted me and was thinking about me right now, and that I could have any one of them I wanted at any time. It's weird, but that made me feel much better about everything. I was just thankful that none of the boys besides Ross had any idea it was me. It also helped that Mel gave me most of the money paid as entrance fee, and my cut was an even $200! Apparently all 14 boys at the party paid to go in, at $20 each, and they were all satisfied according to my friends.

As I rejoined the party outside, this time wearing my bikini again, I made a quick jump into the pool to cool off and remove any sweat issues I had from my secret adventure. While I was playing around in the pool and minding my own business, Billy walked up to me. I wasn't used to guys approaching me like that (And knowing what he had just seen of me a few minutes ago), so I meekly whispered "Hi Billy". He smiled brightly and responded "Hey Candy. I just wanted to say, I absolutely loved your performance earlier." My heart jumped. Did he know? How? I tried to play dumb "Wha..what peformance?" He grinned "In the bedroom. Your face was covered, but I couldn't help but notice that the bikini you're wearing right now was the same one on the floor in Katie's bedroom." My face went white, and I stood there speechless. He giggled at me and then said "It's ok, I don't know how many other boys noticed, but you should do stuff like that more often. It was amazing, and you are amazing. Just wanted to let you know."

He then swam away from me, leaving me dumbstruck. How many of these boys knew all along that it was me in there? What if they tell the whole school? And even though a hot boy from school just called me amazing, I couldn't help but notice that he asked me to do stuff like...that...more often. There's no way that I would, right? Even if it made me popular with every hot guy in school? Somehow my brain was torn on this, and I had a terrible feeling that my best friends were going to show me off whenever they could now. I just continue to be embarrassed and exposed more and more these days.

THE END










