New Story: My Standup Creampie (MF rom creampie)

Doris likes the messy side of sex. Her vaginal lubrication is 
profuse, and I can spend a while lapping her pussy when she straddles 
my mouth.  Her glaze gets all over my face, and when she pulls away, 
her sweet tasting nectar is stringy.  She likes that, and I 
especially like it.

After we had been lovers for a few months, and things had been pretty 
vanilla, Doris wanted to see me ejaculate.  I told her she had to get 
me good and hard first, so she did.  Then I used her cream as a 
lubricant as I finished off what she started.  We were on the bed, 
and she had spread her legs wide. When I ejaculated, gobs of semen 
splattered on her pussy lips and surrounding area.  She really liked 
that, although I didn't see that it was anything special.

I started to have another fantasy involving Doris.  I don't know why, 
but I had a hard time bringing myself to tell her.  I didn't know 
that it had a name; I just thought the idea was sexy.  Finally, one 
day I told her, and she allowed that she might enjoy it.  Another 
reason for my hesitation is that I didn't know if I could follow 
through with it, so I got a commitment from Doris to force me to go 
through with it if I displayed any reluctance.  I even told her how 
to handle it if she had to force me.

We got undressed, and after some sensuous touching and kissing, I 
used my mouth on her black-haired pussy while she lay on her back.  
She moaned and thrashed around a bit when she climaxed.  A short 
while later I entered her and thoroughly plowed her womanhood with my 
raging erection.  My arousal had been whetted by her tasty juices and 
in due time I spurted hot pulses of semen into Doris' juicy 
receptacle.

I titillated her with words about our juices merging inside her body, 
and how I was mixing them together by continuing to pump her pussy 
after ejaculating.  She was clearly aroused by the thought (and my 
words) and I eventually pulled out.

Her eyes twinkled sensuously.  "Are you ready?" She asked.

"Uh..." I stammered, feeling spent and wanting to relax.

"Oh, no you don't," Doris retorted with determination, "You made a 
commitment and you're going to follow through."  She gently and 
firmly nudged me onto my back and climbed on top of me in a 
straddling position.  She moved up and put her womanhood in proximity 
to my mouth.  I puckered my lips and she pressed her juicy 
semen-filled pussy against them.  I opened my mouth and she released 
the mixture of our juices.  There was so much fluid there that I took 
several gulps.  When she realized that I was swallowing everything 
she climaxed again.

Well, that did it for her - she loved that experience so much that it 
became one of the things we did regularly.  I got easily aroused just 
seeing the look in her eyes when she was anticipating it.  

After a time Doris wanted to try a variation of what she called 
"returning the favor".  Once, after I ejaculated a profuse load of 
semen inside her, she asked me to lie down on the floor so she could 
have a better footing.  Instead of straddling me in a kneeling 
position, she squatted over my face so that she was still on her 
feet.  Then she parted her pussy lips with her fingers and tried to 
eject the mixture of juices from inside her, using kegel exercises.  
The sticky goo oozed from her pussy, at times in a pulsing fashion, 
into my mouth (mostly).  Afterward, she straddled me and I brought 
her to a raucous climax with my mouth.

Doris enjoyed that, of course, and told me that this new method gave 
her an idea.  She wouldn't tell me what it was, just that I'd know 
later.

Meanwhile, our love life became even more exciting than before Doris 
started returning the favor, and we looked for ways to increase the 
volume of ejaculate from me.  A couple of herbal compounds and 
exercise kept me in shape.  In addition, we used the technique of 
stimulating me to the point just short of orgasm several times during 
the day, which resulted in an intense and voluminous ejaculation 
later.  When we were short of time, we condensed this process into an 
hour.  She generally stripped from the waist down and got a container 
of lubricant, then sat on the couch while I stood in front of her.  
With a salacious smile, she hand-jobbed me until I was very close to 
spurting, then she'd stop.  What sweet torment.  While I was waiting 
for a time interval to pass before the next stimulation, Doris kept 
me busy eating her pussy.  After about 45 minutes of this, we waited 
about 15 minutes more, and then we had intercourse.

I found out soon enough what her idea was.  After I pumped a 
good-size load of semen into her one day, I got on the floor like she 
wanted.  Instead of squatting with her pussy close to my mouth, she 
actually stood up, with her knees bent a little, and told me to open 
up.  Then she spread her pussy lips and ejected several gobs of our 
mixed juices.  Her aim was near perfect - each pulse of her pussy 
dropped a stringy wad into my mouth or onto my lips.  As for me, the 
sight of her pussy opening and closing and ejecting the milky fluid 
was enough to instantly restore my boner.  As before, Doris straddled 
my mouth and had an intense climax.

I asked her how she perfected her aim.  She said that she rehearsed a 
lot by injecting a douche bulb full of powdered sugar and water with 
the consistency of semen into her pussy and stood in the bathtub and 
practiced the maneuver.  As a result she also got very proficient 
with her kegel exercises, and the feeling of her vaginal caresses 
during intercourse is nothing short of heavenly.

When Doris does her standup creampie act and the sight of her 
pulsating pussy gets me aroused, she'll frequently ride me again 
until I squirt inside her.  Then she'll lie back on the bed and have 
me service her with my mouth while she revels in a sea of orgasmic 
delights.  The feeling of her pussy lips responding when she does the 
kegel exercises when my mouth is on her pussy, drives me wild.

That's the story, so far, of my standup creampie.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
