Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 11: The Race

Katie heard her alarm and reached out to turn it off. She looked over at Brad and he was still out. He could sleep through a bomb. Well, he was probably worn out since she rode him like a thoroughbred last night. She was so hot again last night, and he lasted a while since she drained him by the pool earlier. Just thinking about it was getting her hot again. She reached down and rubbed her pussy; it was already heating up and she just woke up. She thought about the two hot little numbers that were asleep about 20 feet away. She licked her lips when she thought of how wonderful Madison had tasted and could not wait to get between those pretty little legs again.

She got out of bed and found her sleep pants on the ground. She slipped them on, they were small, soft, and pink, she loved them. She stood up and looked around for her shirt. It was nowhere in sight, so she dug a white t-shirt out of the drawer. She slipped it on and walked out of the bedroom. She looked at the clock and it was 5:50, almost time to wake the girls.

She looked into their room and she smiled. Madison was snuggled up with her back against Sam in a spoon position. Sam had her arm around Madison, resting on her bare tummy. Madisons top was scrunched up enough for her to be able to see the bottoms of her firm boobs. Her left leg was bent up and she could see a little of the tasty treasure between her legs. The covers were barely over Sams legs, her shirt was up over her belly so she could see all the way to her thighs. Her panties were tight, she could see the outline of her young pussy. God, she needed to take a picture of this, although she knew she would have this vision in her mind for a while. She stood and gazed at the girls for 5 minutes.

Katie reached out and touched Madisons soft leg. She saw the girl open her eyes. She looked very tired.

Good morning, sweetheart, its 6:00. Katie whispered, rubbing the soft leg.

Good morning. Madison said in a groggy voice. Katie watched her stretch her arm up, pulling up her shirt enough for two little nipples to pop out. Katies pussy throbbed.

I am so tired. Madison said and put her arm down.

I know sweetheart, but you have to get up. Katie said and touched the soft cheek, moving some hair off of her pretty face. Madison moved her hand up and held Katies.

Katie watched the girl yawn, opening her mouth wide. She knelt down and rubbed the soft leg. Eventually, Madison shifted and took Sams arm off of her. She slid out and sat on the edge of the bed. Katie stood between her legs and held her. She felt Madison wrap her arms around her waist. As she held Madison, she saw Sam roll onto her back, now she was looking at two cute little nipples poking out of her shirt as well as the tight panties. She took a deep breath.

Did you sleep well, little one? Katie asked as she felt the young girls head against her belly.

Yes, I dont think I even moved. Madison said.

We need to wake up sleeping beauty. Katie said and Madison turned her head.

She is pretty, right? Madison said, looking at her sleeping friend.

Yes, baby, she is precious. Katie said.

I kissed her last night. Madison said.

Really? How was it? Katie said.

It was great. We need to practice some more. Madison said.

That sounds like fun, good for you. Katie said.

Madison reached over and touched Sams arm. She saw her eyes open slowly.

Good morning rock star. Sam said softly.

Time to get up, we have to leave in like 20 minutes. Madison said.

Shit, this is way too early; coach is crazy. Sam said and Madison laughed.

Madison stood up and kissed Katie softly on the lips, she loved the feel of those lips. She left the bedroom and walked to the bathroom. Katie looked down at Sam. Sam smiled up at her. She reached out her hand and Sam took her hand. She pulled the young girl to the edge of the bed and tickled her in the side. She heard Sam squeal and twist away.

Thats mean. Sam said.

You think? Katie said and jumped on the bed, on top of the girl.

Katie put her hands in her armpits and Sam screamed. She wiggled her fingers and Sam struggled to get away, laughing hard as Katie watched her boobs move behind her top. Katie moved her hands down to her sides and tickled. Sam kept struggling and could not get Katie off of her. Katie looked down at the young girl and fought the urge to strip her naked and ravage her right here. In time, she thought and crawled off. Sam was breathing hard, and Katie saw her panties again as her shirt was pulled up. She touched the soft thigh.

Ok, up and atem. You will have to put on a few more clothes. Katie said and squeezed her firm thigh.

Madison walked back in and opened a drawer. She pulled out a yellow t-shirt and a pair of shorts. She grabbed a pair of blue panties. She pulled her pajama top off and slipped on the t-shirt. She slipped the bottoms down and pulled up the panties. She pulled the shorts on and turned to see Sam and Katie staring at her.

You guys having fun? Madison asked.

We were just watching the show, nice butt. Sam said and smiled.

Next time I will sell tickets. Madison said.

Those will sell out. Sam said and Madison laughed.

Your turn. Madison said and sat down next to Katie.

They watched Sam get up and dig in her bag. She pulled out a white shirt and a pair of shorts. She pulled off her shirt and Katie and Madison saw her cute boobs pop out. Sam pulled on the shirt and the shorts and bowed. They all laughed.

Ok, cuties. Grab your stuff, I am sure Aaron is in the driveway. Katie said.

They picked up their bags and followed Katie down the stairs. They walked out and the car was waiting under the carport. Aaron was leaning against the car. He watched the three girls walk towards him and he was able to see stiff nipples on all three of them. These girls will be the death of me, he thought.

Good morning ladies. Aaron said.

Good morning, Aaron. They all said in unison.

Madison and Sam crawled in the car and looked back at Katie.

Ride with us to school? Madison asked.

I am not dressed to go out. Katie said.

You are not going out, you can stay in the car, just ride with us. Madison said.

Katie looked at Aaron and he shrugged. She thought what the hell and crawled in. The girls cheered. She sat in between them, and Aaron closed the door. Madison scooted back and laid down, putting her head on Katies thigh. Katie put her hand on Madisons head. She felt Sam lay on her other thigh and she now had her hands on two pretty girls.

They rode to school, Katie running her hands over the young bodies. Madison and Sam enjoyed the feel of Katies thigh on their face and her hands rubbing on them felt good. They felt the car stop.

We are here girls. Katie said and the girls sat up.

Thank you for riding with us, Katie. Madison said and kissed her. She pushed her tongue into Katies mouth and felt her tongue touch hers. She pulled back and smiled.

Thank you. That was nice. Katie said.

Sam needs practice. Madison said and Sam looked at her.

Katie turned to Sam and smiled at her.

Good luck today, sweet girl. We will all be cheering. Katie said and pulled Sam close.

Katie kissed Sams lips gently and then pulled back.

Thanks. Sam said.

Madison and Sam climbed out of the car.

Good luck, ladies. Aaron said.

Thanks Aaron, we will see you later? Madison said.

Yes, maam. I will be there. Aaron said.

Aaron watched the two cute girls walk up to the school. He shook his head and closed the door. He got into the seat and put the car in gear. He pulled out as soon as he saw them go into the door.

You know, your tits bounce really nice in that shirt. Aaron said and Katie looked up.

You like? Katie said and pushed her boobs up.

Very much, I watched them the entire way here. Aaron said and his eyes popped open as he saw Katie pull off her shirt. Two beautiful tits bounced on her chest.

How about now? She said.

Much better. I will try to hit all the bumps. He said.

Anything to make my driver happy. Katie said.

She sat and looked out the window as her bare boobs bounced on her chest. Aaron felt his cock harden more with every bump. He pulled into the driveway and parked. He got out of the car and opened the back door. Before she could move, he grabbed her legs and pulled them towards him, making her fall back on the seat. He ripped her shorts down to her knees and raised her legs. He opened his pants, and his cock was rock hard. He put it on the edge of her wet pussy and shoved it in. He heard her gasp and arch her back.

Oh fuck, that is so good. Katie said as the huge cock buried itself deep in her body.

She felt him bottom out and she loved how full she was. She felt like this was exactly what she needed. He pulled out and then slammed back in. She pulled her shorts off her legs and wrapped them around his back. He put his hands on the seat and started to hammer her. She heard his skin slap against her ass, and she closed her eyes as he fucked her slow and hard.

Aaron loved this pussy. He really needed to get into it more often. Brad actually wanted him to fuck her more. He wasnt sure what that was about other than he liked to watch. He didnt care as long as he got to fuck this wonderful pussy. He was drilling her into the seat with every stroke, and she was moaning. That is one reason he loved fucking her, he didnt have to hold back, she could take him even if he went all out. He also enjoyed those amazing tits, especially when they bounced around as he fucked her. He felt he was close, and he drove deep into her warm pussy. He grabbed her hips and pulled her hard into him, driving his cock deeper. He felt his first load blast into her, he held on and filled her body with his seed.

Aaron pulled out slowly. He tucked his cock back in and looked at her. She was laying across the back seat, her legs open and her pussy leaking his cum. She was pretty even like this. He found her shorts and slipped them back on her legs and up. He pulled her out of the car and picked her up. He carried her into the house.

Thank you, Aaron. That was wonderful. Katie said and laid her head on his chest.

He put her on the couch. She looked very well fucked.

I have to go and clean up the back seat before I pick up everyone. I will be back for you guys around 9:00. You may want to put on some more clothes. Aaron said and he rubbed on her firm boobs.

Do I have to? Katie moaned as she felt him rub her stiff nipples.

No, but if you dont, I will be fucking you every minute. Aaron said.

Dont tempt me. She said and smiled.

Aaron laughed and walked out to clean the cum off the back seat. He loved his job.

Madison and Sam sat on the bus. They had a 45-minute ride to the meet. They dressed at school, so they were wearing their uniforms. Madison loved the new shorts of the uniform, they hugged her perfectly and made it very easy to run. The top was like a sports bra, so it felt light, and she liked having her tummy open. She was excited for today, coach said they had a great plan to beat that girl again. He said they had to stay one step ahead of her as she would adjust to what happened last time. She wondered what he had cooked up. She wished her daddy was here.

The bus pulled in and they started to file out, all of the parents were gathered near the edge of the parking lot. Coach said they could talk to their parents for a few minutes while they were getting the equipment out of the busses. Madison and Sam walked slowly past the rows of parents. They saw a lot of hugging and laughing. They were almost to the end of the group when they saw Katie and Mr. Thompson. Aaron was standing behind them.

They walked up and Katie hugged them both. Madison looked over her shoulder and standing next to Aaron was Mr. Jones. She ran over to him and wrapped her arms around him. She was so happy to see him.

What are you doing here? How did you get here? Madison said.

Well, this large man here pulled up to my house and told me to get in his car and here I am. Barry said and Madison hugged him again. He loved the feeling of her strong little body as he held her.

Thank you, Aaron. She said and looked up at him.

Dont thank me yet. He said and she was confused.

Aaron stepped aside and she saw her daddy. She felt her heart leap out of her chest and the tears exploded out of her eyes. She ran to him and jumped into his arms, wrapping her legs around him. He held her tight, and she cried hard into his shoulder. Katie felt her own throat tighten and then she felt tears running down her cheeks. She pulled Sam back into her and put arms around her as they watched the scene. She felt Sam grab her hands and hold on.

It is nice to see you, sweetheart. Henry said and she started crying harder. He squeezed his young daughter.

Sam felt a touch on her shoulder and looked up to see coach.

You guys dont race for a couple of hours, let her finish and bring her. Coach said to Sam.

Ok coach. Sam said and turned back to watch her friend lose her shit.

Henry rubbed the back of her head and whispered to her.

Its ok baby. I am here all day to see you run. Are you ok? Henry said.

Madison pulled back from her daddy. Her face was a mess, her eyes were red, tears covered her cheeks, and her nose was running. Henry stood her on the ground and knelt down. He pulled out a handkerchief and wiped her tears. He handed it to her, and she blew her nose.

Oh goodie, a souvenir. He said and she laughed, more tears ran down.

Im sorry daddy, I cant seem to stop crying. I am so happy to see you. Madison said.

I know baby, its ok. I am very happy to see you as well, I missed you so much. Henry said.

Daddy, how are you here? Madison said.

Well, it turns out a plane ticket popped up on my phone and then Aaron was at the airport to pick me up this morning. Henry said.

Madison looked around and Katie was crying as well. She was wiping her cheeks and Mr. Thompson was smiling with his arm around her shoulder.

Thank you. She said and they nodded.

Daddy, how long are you here? She said.

I dont leave until tomorrow morning, so we have all day today and tonight together. Then I am only gone two more sleeps. He said and she hugged him.

I am so happy you are here. She said into his shoulder again.

Me too, baby, me too. He said.

I think I should probably go. She said.

Yeah, dont you have a race to run or something? He said and she laughed. He hadnt heard that laugh in 5 days, he didnt realize how much he missed it.

Sam walked up and held out her hand.

You ready rock star? Sam said and took Madisons hand.

Madison walked with Sam and looked back at her daddy and her wonderful friends. She wiped more tears off her cheek.

The girls walked into the stadium and looked around. It was huge and there was actually a lot of people in the stands for a track meet. They walked over to coach and he told them the 5K was most likely going to start at 12:30 or so. He told them he wanted them to start warming up at 11:30 so they had about an hour to walk around and cheer on their friends. Madison was starting to feel better after the emotional entrance, she kept looking in the stands to see her daddy. They were all sitting together on the front row, around the finish line. She waved at him multiple times.

Mr. Thompson, thank you so much for bringing me home, Madison is very happy, as am I. Henry said.

It was all Katies idea; I just took care of the details. Brad said.

Well, thank you both then. Henry said.

And thank you both for picking up the old man. Barry Jones said.

Well, you are special to Madison and we thought she would like you to be here. Katie said.

So, Henry, tell us about this track stuff. Katie said.

Well, Madison and Sam run the 5K, it is usually the last race of the meet as it is the longest. Sometimes they run across the grounds but today it will be a little over 12 times around the track. Henry said.

12 laps, holy crap, I would die. Katie said and laughed.

There is a runner here from Jefferson who is really good, she won district and finished 2nd in state last year. Except last week Madison beat her. Henry said.

Wow, that is good for a freshman, right? Katie said.

Yeah, it was quite an upset, especially for a freshman, she ran the race of her life. We are expecting the Jefferson girl to come prepared this week, so a top 5 finish is more realistic. Henry said.

Barry jones was watching Madison as she and Sam walked around. He loved the way her shorts hugged her little butt and that thigh gap, fuck. God, she was gorgeous and seemed to be getting prettier every day. He also noticed Sams shorts were wrapped around an impressive butt as well. Her legs were fabulous, a lot like Madisons. In fact, save for the blonde hair, they could be sisters. His dirty mind quickly flashed a picture of both of them lying in his bed, looking up at him. He shook his head and tried to not look too much like a pervert.

Madison and Sam walked over to the prep area, sat down, and started stretching. As they pulled their legs into various positions, unbeknownst to them, many sets of eyes were locked onto them.

You ok? Sam asked.

Yeah, that was rough, I kind of lost it when daddy showed up. Madison said.

Ya think? You were a hot mess. Sam said and smiled.

I guess I missed him more than I thought. Madison said and reached for her feet over her leg.

Yeah, I figured. 5 days is a long time. Sam said and Madison missed the look of sadness on her friends face.

Brad Thompson looked around at all of the young girls milling around the track. This was like a smorgasbord for a horny old fuck. He loved the tight outfits, and the thigh gaps were so numerous it was mind-boggling. He had seen Madison and Sam up close, so he knew their uniforms were incredibly hot, but he was now looking at around 40 or 50 girls and he was having trouble finding the hottest one, but he was loving the research.

Barry Jones was also amazed at all the healthy young girls, but he was focused on Madison. He watched her walk around and now he was watching her stretch those pretty legs. His heart skipped a beat when she spread them wide and held her thighs. He just could not get enough of that little girl. He would be happy when Henry came home so he could see her more every day.

Madison and Sam were sitting on the ground waiting. Madison felt good, her legs felt strong, but she saw the Jefferson girl and she shot daggers at Madison as she walked by. Oh boy, she looked pissed.

Wow, she looks mad. Madison said.

Yeah, you will not surprise her today. Sam said.

Yeah, I am beginning to think last week was a fluke and she just had a bad day. Madison said.

Dont sell yourself short, Rock star. You ran a great race and kicked her ass, and you are going to kick her ass again today. Sam said and smiled.

Madison looked at her cute friend and would grab her and kiss her right now if they werent sitting in the middle of a track meet.

Girls, are you ready? coach said and knelt next to them.

Yes sir. Madison said.

Good, here is what we are going to do. Madison, do you remember the pace you ran last week when you ran behind the girl from Jefferson during the first part of the race? Coach asked.

Yes, sir, I think so. Madison said.

Ok, this week instead of following the Jefferson girl, you are going to follow Sam. Coach said.

Yes, sir. Madison said and she saw Sam smile.

Now if Sam slows down, I want you to keep running and sit in that same pace as last week. Do you understand? Coach said.

When will I know if Sam is slowing down? Madison asked.

You will know, and she will probably tell you. Now the last thing, you see the yellow flag Coach Sims is holding? he said and Madison nodded.

When you see him waving that you will start running as fast as you can all the way to the finish line. Do you understand? he asked.

Yes sir. I follow Sam until she slows down, then I sit in last weeks pace and wait for the yellow flag, when I see it, I run as fast as I can. She said.

That a girl. You girls ready to kick some butt? Coach said, holding out his fist. They bumped fists and laughed.

Sam, give me at least 6. Coach said as he turned to walk away.

Got it coach. Sam said and Madison looked at her friend with a strange look on her face.

Sam got up and Madison followed her over to the track. There were a lot more girls in the race this week than last. Madison looked up and saw her daddy, he was talking to Mr. Jones and Katie. He looked very excited. She felt her heart get lighter seeing him smiling.

Come on goofball. She heard Sam and felt her pull her hand and lead her over to the track.

Madison saw the Jefferson girl again and she looked bigger than last week, at least angrier.

That is the girl from Jefferson, number 4. Henry said.

Holy shit, she is a woman. Our little girl beat her? Katie said.

Yeah, she did. Henry said and felt his chest expand with pride.

They saw Madison and Sam walk onto the track and work their way to the top of the track. Henry thought this was different, he was used to her being down on the inside of the track with the pack at the beginning.

Madison also thought it was strange that Sam had her near the top edge of the track. They usually started toward the bottom and ran with the pack at the beginning. She saw the girls getting ready and the starter moving into position. Sam squeezed her hand.

Look, we have fans. Sam said and Madison looked up to see Aaron and Mr. Thompson holding up signs, one said, Go Sam and one said, Go Madison. She smiled.

Try and keep up rock star. Sam said to her, her face suddenly serious.

Madison got ready and she saw the starter raise her hand. The gunshot rang out and Sam took off. Madison got right behind her and decided she would just watch Sams cute butt and blonde ponytail as she ran. They were in clear air almost immediately and Sam dropped down to the inside edge of the track. Madison followed.

Oh shit, they are going out too fast. Henry said and put his hands on his head.

What do you mean? Katie asked.

The race is long, 12 laps, if you go out too fast you burn out and have nothing at the end. The Jefferson girl has a massive kick, if Madison has nothing left at the end, she will have no chance. Henry said as he watched Sam and Madison immediately putting distance between themselves and the pack.

Henry sat down and watched. Sam and Madison crossed the line to finish the first lap and they had at least a quarter track lead on the lead pack. He saw the Jefferson girl in the lead pack. He shook his head.

Coach, Jefferson is in the lead pack, but the girls are increasing the lead. The pace for the lead pack is already 3 seconds over last week. Coach Sims said.

Good, so far so good. Good girl Sam. Coach said softly as he watched his girls round the second turn on the second lap. Sam still looked strong, and Madison was tucked in right behind her.

Sims, give me lap times for the lead pack every time they come around. Coach said.

Madison felt good even though she knew she was running much faster than she usually did for the first few laps. Sam was moving well so she stayed right behind that cute little butt. She thought this was much more fun than following the black leg wrap last week. She saw her daddy when she started the second lap, he looked worried as usual. He was always a wreck when she ran.

Too fast, too fast. Henry said and Katie rubbed her hand over his back.

Trust her, lets see what happens. Katie said and Henry smiled at her.

Coach, lap 2 times for the pack are now 4 seconds over last week, we are pushing them, and we are still pulling away. Coach Sims said.

Good, good, hang in there Sam. Coach said softly as he watched Sam running strong. She worked really hard this week after he shared his plan with her. He was so impressed with her determination; she was pulling Madison exactly as he planned.

Madison was still feeling good, she felt like her legs were stronger. She wondered if the massage and stuff Gerard did to her legs yesterday was helping her. Gerard, he was so funny. She liked him. Sams butt was still right in front of her. That blonde ponytail was swishing around, and Madison thought it was really cute. She felt like she was on autopilot as she ran behind her friend. She saw her daddy again at the end of the fourth lap. He still looked worried; Katie had her arm around him and was talking to him, he was so cute when he was worried.

Holy fuck, Coach, the lead pack is now 6 seconds ahead of last weeks pace. They are really pushing. Girls are not increasing but are still holding the gap. Coach Sims said.

Coach looked and his girls had a half lap lead on the pack. He saw the Jefferson girls face when she ran by, she was running well but she looked confused. He smiled.

They will not be able to keep up this pace for very much longer. God, I hope she knows what she is doing. Henry said.

Arent they doing good, they are leading, and Sam said she normally finishes 24th. Katie said.

Yeah, but they have 7 more laps. The pack will start catching them soon. Henry said.

Oh. Katie said and slid to the edge of her seat. All she knew is that the girls looked like they were way ahead and running well but she knew Henry was much more in tune with this stuff.

Brad looked at his wife and saw she was totally engaged in this race. He smiled and shook his head.

Madison noticed Sams pretty legs were shiny now with sweat. She felt like they had slowed down a little, but they were still moving good for this part of the race. She thought they had finished 5 laps. She looked at coach as she ran by the finish line and he was holding up a fist. He was really into it now that they had won a meet. She felt good that he was happy. She looked back at Sams butt and thought about how nice it would be to touch it later.

Coach, lap 5 times are still 5 seconds up, pace is blistering. Girls are not increasing but they are still maintaining the gap. Coach Sims said.

Coach watched the girls pass and round the second turn on lap 6. Sam was starting to struggle. Cmon girl, one more lap. He looked back at the pack and they were still a half lap behind. He watched the Jefferson girl pass, and she was now smiling. Fuck, she had them in her sights and was biding her time. He hoped his plan would work; Madison looked really strong this week in practice. He knew she could do it, at least he hoped but she was just a freshman. He forgot that occasionally, he rubbed his hand over his head and prayed.

Henry watched them cross at the end of the 6th lap and Madison looked good, but he looked up at the clock and saw the pace was off the sheet. He hoped she could make it. He had never seen her run this fast so early before. He saw Sam was still leading her, but she did not look very good.

Coach ran over to the second turn and got right next to the track. Sam was struggling but she was holding on, they finished the 6th lap, any more now would be gravy. He saw them coming and he started running next to them.

Sam, give me one more, come on girl! He screamed and he saw her look at him and then turn.

Madison saw Coach next to them and he was yelling at Sam. She saw her friend pick up speed a little and Madison followed. Madison wondered how Sam was doing this, she never ran this long with the lead pack, much less set the pace like this. She was proud of her friend. They went around the 4th turn and headed back to the line. Sam pulled over and slowed down to run next to her.

Go rock star. See you at the finish line. Sam said and Madison felt her slow down and fall back.

She looked over and saw her daddy. He had his hands on his head. She chuckled a little. She rounded the second turn and coach was there again. He was yelling something.

Sit in the pace, Madison! He screamed and she remembered.

She tried to remember exactly back to last week and adjusted her stride slightly. She thought this felt right and she kept running. Sams butt was not there to focus on now, so she had to use her imagination as her body settled into the new pace.

Henry, what happened to Sam? Katie said.

She went as far as she could on that pace, Madison is on her own now. He said and Katie started to worry now.

Coach, she is doing it. Madison is matching the pace of the lead pack. She is holding the lead. Coach Sims said.

Good, good, now it is all you Madison, we need 4 laps on this pace. Coach said to no one.

Madison felt good, now she was sure Gerard and Miss Gloria had something to do with this. Her legs still felt strong, and she was in lap 8. She felt like she was on autopilot again and her legs were moving on their own. She passed the line again and daddy still had his hands on his head. She felt her heart again as she looked at her daddy. She missed him so bad. She hit the first turn and her mind placed an image of Sams butt in front of her and she followed.

Henry, is that the lead pack? Katie asked as she saw the group of 6 girls run by.

Yes. They will start speeding up soon and try to run down Madison. He said.

When will they speed up? Katie said.

Probably around lap 10, they just finished lap 8. He said.

Madison still has a good lead on them. Katie said.

Yeah, I hope she has something left or they will catch her quickly. He said and Katie sighed.

Madison crossed the line to finish lap 9 and rounded the second turn on lap 10. Coach was there and he gave her a thumbs up. She smiled.

Sims, is she holding onto the gap? Coach asked.

Coach Sims looked at his stopwatch as the lead group ran by him.

Yeah, she is, she has held it steady since lap 7. Coach Sims said and rechecked his numbers.

Good girl, hold on. Coach said, again to no one.

Madisons mind was starting to lose focus and she thought of all the things that had happened to her this week. She remembered Katies wonderful tongue, both in her kisses and between her legs. She remembered Mr. Thompson and Gloria between her legs as well, she loved that and wondered when it would happen again. What had coach said? She thought for a second, oh yeah, yellow flag. She was running down the back stretch, she thought it was lap 10 but she wasnt sure. Simplify, she told herself, sit in the pace and look for the yellow flag.

Henry was now a mess. He noticed the lead pack was starting to close the gap a little, her lead was now less than a half lap. She was on lap 10, please hold on baby, he thought and slid to the edge of his seat.

Henry, it looks like her lead is shrinking. What lap is she on? Katie asked.

10. Henry said.

Oh shit, are they speeding up now? She asked.

Yeah, they are. Henry said.

Katie leaned forward and focused on Madison, come on baby, hang on. Her legs were shaking, and she put her hands on her knees to try and steady herself.

Sims, pace? Coach screamed as Madison rounded the second turn on lap 11.

They are closing coach, they picked up 2 seconds on her that last lap. Coach Sims said.

Watch the Jefferson girl, we need to know exactly when she breaks out, she will have to, no way the pack can make up that much in two laps. He said and watched the pack pass, the Jefferson girl was still smiling, shit.

Madison was running down the backstretch again. She wondered where the yellow flag would pop up. She hoped she would see it. She was having a little trouble picturing Sams butt now. She still felt pretty good, but her chest was starting to burn a little. Her legs were ok, and her feet felt great. Thank you, Gerard. She remembered his funny smile and his laugh. She wanted to see him again. She heard the bell when she passed the line, wow, one lap to go.

Sims, time? Coach said, this was the moment of truth, did Madison have anything left in the tank?

They closed another 3 seconds on her, coach. Coach Sims said.

Not enough, they are still too far behind, Jefferson has to break out soon. As soon as she pulls away from the pack wave the flag. Coach said as Madison rounded the first turn on the last lap.

Oh crap, here she comes. Henry said and Katie saw the Jefferson woman start running away from the pack. Henry saw the girl cross the start line as Madison was rounding the second turn.

Now Sims, now! Coach screamed and Coach Sims started running toward the back stretch waving the flag like a crazy person.

Madison rounded the second turn and saw Coach Sims running around and waving the yellow flag. Her mind took a second to process, but she remembered. Run as fast as she could when she saw yellow. She pushed her legs and picked up speed.

Henry watched the Jefferson girl round the first turn, she was really moving now, she was pulling away from the pack quickly. He looked and Madison was in the back stretch. No way could she hold her off, the girl was too strong. He sat down and put his head in his hands. He felt Katie hitting him.

Henry, look, I dont think she is catching her. Katie screamed and was jumping.

He looked and saw the girl in the middle of the back stretch and Madison was going into the third turn. She was holding her off. He saw the girl look like she sped up again as Madison rounded the fourth turn.

Cmon baby, hold on. Henry screamed and Katie hugged him as they were both jumping.

Madison felt her legs burning, and her chest was on fire. She was trying to run as fast as she could, but she felt like her body was going to explode. She rounded the last turn and saw the finish line. She could see everyone jumping and screaming on the inside of the track. She looked over and saw daddy and Katie jumping and screaming. Her heart felt lighter, and she got a burst of energy.

Coach, she is holding on. The girl is not closing anymore. Coach Sims said.

Coach looked and Madison was heading down the front stretch and the girl was just rounding the fourth turn. She looked defeated and he thought he saw her shoulders slump. He looked and Madison was 100 yards from the finish. She was still running strong, but she did not look good.

Sims, get the trainer at the finish line, now! Coach screamed and Sims took off running.

Madison felt her legs moving but she could not control them. She saw the finish line 20 yards in front of her. Almost there. She saw the line as she crossed. She tried to slow down but her legs did not respond correctly. She felt herself slowing down a little, she veered to the left to the soft grass, she was almost stopped and then she lost her legs. She crumbled to the ground and was on her back, looking at the pretty sky.

She won, she won. Henry and Katie were screaming. Katie grabbed his arm when she saw Madison fall.

They both ran down the stands and onto the track. Henry reached her first and knelt down.

Hi daddy. She said softly and Henry saw a trainer kneel down next to her.

Madison, can you see me? the trainer said and Madison turned her head.

Yeah, hi, Mr. Jim. She said in a soft voice.

Are you ok? the trainer said.

Yeah, I think I need some water. She said, and everyone laughed with relief.

They sat her up and someone handed her a bottle of water, it felt good going down her dry throat. She pulled the bottle down just in time to see a blonde streak and felt her friend hit her with a hug. They fell to the grass with Sam hugging her.

Way to go, rock star! That was amazing. Sam screamed in her ear.

Sam pulled back and looked at her. Her pretty blonde hair was a mess, and her cheeks were really red. She looked at her friend and smiled.

Thank you. She said and Sam hugged her again.

Coach was out of his mind on the bus ride home; they won the meet again by two points over Jefferson. He said that no one had ever beaten that girl more than once. Madison felt really good as he talked about her to the team on the bus ride back to school. The team was congratulating her and Sam. They got to school, showered and walked out of the school.

Sam was holding her hand and they saw the big black car. They walked up and Aaron walked around and opened the door. Madison wrapped her arms around him, and he rubbed her head with his huge hand. Madison looked in the car and saw everyone in there. Katie and Mr. Thompson were on the seat facing backwards and Her daddy and Mr. Jones were sitting on the other side. Sam crawled in and Katie grabbed her and pulled her on her lap. She crawled in and sat on daddys lap.

Everyone was excited and said they were all going to the Thompsons for a barbecue and swimming. She thought that sounded wonderful. She looked to her left and saw Mr. Jones. He was smiling at her. She grabbed his hand and put it on her leg. She held it there and leaned back into daddy. She was very tired.

Barry Jones felt his cock jump when she put his hand on her thigh. God, her skin was nice. She was holding his hand on her thigh. He thought it was already nice as he was watching Sams boobs bounce behind her shirt. Her blonde hair was still wet and hanging over, making the shirt wet. Yes, it was nice but now that his hand was resting on a perfect young thigh, it was officially heaven.

Madison woke up when they stopped at the Thompsons. They all went into the backyard and her and Sam went upstairs to change. Madison pulled off her shirt and slipped her shorts and panties down. She walked to the bed and picked up the bottoms of her suit. She looked over and Sam was pulling her shorts and panties down. She looked at her friends body and felt her pussy tingle. Sam was holding her top, trying to untangle it and Madison walked over to her. She put her arms around Sam and hugged her. She loved the feel of her skin on Sams body. She felt her boobs smash against Sams. Sam looked at her and Madison kissed her softly. She held the kiss and she felt Sam open her mouth a little. She slipped her tongue in and felt Sams tongue meet hers. They kissed hard, rubbing tongues and then Madison pulled back.

We are getting better and better. We need to keep practicing. Madison said and Sam Smiled.

Rock star, you are insatiable. Sam said.

Yes, maam. Madison said and kissed her softly again.

They finally put on their swimsuits and went back downstairs. She had felt really good after her nap on the way home but after kissing her friend she felt great. She held her friends hand as they ran to the pool and jumped in.

Barry Jones was sitting in an amazing back yard, drinking an amazing beer. He looked around and was very impressed. The pool was beautiful and there was a hot tub on a deck a little above the pool. The patio was massive, and he thought he could live here in the back yard easily. He thought it couldnt get any better until he saw Madison and Sam run by in their bikinis. Yep, just got better.

Everyone saw the big splash as the two girls hit the water. They swam around and wrestled for a few minutes and then they put their arms on the side of the pool and hung there in the water. The water felt good, and Madison felt like her body was getting back to normal.

So, tell me of this secret plan you and coach cooked up. Madison said and Sam laughed.

Coach said that the Jefferson girl would not let you do what you did to her last time. He said the only way to beat her was to try and get her to run faster than she wanted to early and try to take her energy away at the end. Sam said.

Ok, what was your role? Madison asked.

Well, coach said it is really hard for a runner to set a pace. It is hard to run out front, especially when you dont know what is going on behind you, so I was your rabbit. Sam said.

My rabbit? Madison said.

Yeah, that is what coach called it, he wanted me to run as fast I could for at least 6 laps and have you follow me. It would be easier for you having someone to follow and it would force the lead pack to run faster to not fall too far behind. Sam said.

Ok, I think I get it. Madison said.

It is a good thing you are cute. Sam said.

Why didnt you guys tell me? Madison said.

Did I mention the part about you being cute? Sam said and Madison punched her.

Tell me. Madison said.

Coach said if you knew you would overthink, that is why you won last week, you just settled in behind the Jefferson girl and then got her at the end. So, he figured you could just settle in behind me and I would pull you to the faster pace. Then when they saw the Jefferson girl break away to chase you, they had you just go all out as far as you could. Sam said.

So, you sacrificed your race for me? Madison said.

Nah, I still finished 24th so no big deal. Sam said.

I love you. Madison said and hugged her cute friend.

Barry Jones watched the girls in the pool, and he tried to stay calm. He loved the way their bodies were basically displayed under the material. He thought of when Madison was wearing his shirt and she was soaking wet. He thought that was hot as fuck but now he was watching her and Sam walk around in those little suits and he wondered if this was even better. He was watching Sam walk over and talk to Katie who was laying on a lounge.

Mr. Jones, thank you for coming today. He jumped when he heard Madisons voice and she giggled.

Holy cow, Madison you scared the dookie out of me. He said and she stepped in front of him.

He just about had a heart attack when she crawled up onto his lap and hugged him. He felt her firm little body wrap around his, her boobs pushing on his chest and her head on his shoulder. He wrapped his arms around her waist and the feel of her warm skin felt so good he tried to not hyperventilate.

I think you are my lucky charm; I have won every time you have come to watch me. She said, her head still on his shoulder.

That is true. He said.

Will you watch me all the time? Madison asked.

Sweetheart I will watch you until I am too old to see. Barry said.

Yay! Thank you so much. She said and pulled back and looked at him, her face inches from his.

He could see the sparkle in her eyes and felt the warmth of her skin as she stayed close to him. He saw her move and then felt her lips on his. She kissed him gently and then jumped off his lap. He looked down and saw that his pants and shirt were now wet. Oh well, so worth it.

Daddy, what time is your flight in the morning? Madison said as she walked up next to her daddy.

7:00, baby, I have to be at the airport at 6:00, so I have to leave the house at 5:00. He said and she groaned.

That is really early, how are you getting to the airport? She said.

I guess I will call a taxi so you will have to stay here tonight. He said and he saw her sad face.

Nonsense. They looked and Aaron was now sitting next to her daddy.

Aaron, you dont have to do that. Henry said.

True, but I am. I will take you two home tonight whenever you are ready and then I will be there in the morning to bring you to the airport and then bring Madison back here after. Settled, no arguments. He said.

Thank you, Aaron. Henry said.

Yes, thank you Aaron. Madison said.

Anything for you little one. Aaron said and smiled.

Daddy, we can go in a little while, I am kinda tired and I want to watch a movie with you. She said.

You got it baby girl, just let me know when. Henry said.

Madison walked over to the lounges where Katie was laying and stood in front of her. Katie was wearing her blue bikini; it covered a little more than her others. She thought that was probably good with all the extra people here today. She still looked hot though, she wondered if Mr. Jones liked watching her as well. She climbed on the lounge and crawled between Katies legs. She laid on her, her head over her stomach and looked at her.

Thank you so much for bringing my daddy home today. Madison said.

You are welcome sweetheart, but it was worth it to see the smile on your pretty face. Katie said.

Yeah, I was a little happy when I saw him. Madison said.

I have never seen anything so sweet; I was a mess just watching. Katie said and Madison laughed.

So tomorrow can we just hang out around the pool, I am thinking I am going to be very sore. Madison said.

You got it kiddo. It will be difficult, but I will do it for you. Katie said and Madison laughed again.

I kissed Sam again today. Madison said softly.

How was it? Katie said.

It was nice, we were both changing so we were naked. It felt good, like when you hugged me in the shower. Madison said.

Yeah, that does feel good. Katie said.

You know, I will probably need a shower tomorrow, maybe you can help me? Madison said.

You naughty girl, I would love that. Katie said.

Madison laid her head down on Katies stomach. Katie rubbed her head. They both wondered how they would make it without seeing each other every day.

The party continued for another hour and then Aaron transported Madison, Henry, Barry, and Sam home. Madison changed into her pajamas and cuddled on the couch with her daddy. She leaned back into him and he put his arms around her. She held his hands and loved having him home with her. They fell asleep before the movie was 30 minutes old. Henry woke up at 11:00 and carried his young daughter upstairs and tucked her in.


