An unexpected player leads to a conundrum.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 5 (mf, MF, 1st, anal, blackmail, mc, nc, oral, tg, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Author's note: Read the story codes!

---

I hit the dark web again. It seemed that de Ruyter had changed phones or SIM cards, so his old IMEI was no longer active, and nobody knew what his new one was. Probably no one would find out for months.

Okay, email then...I found out de Ruyter's corporate mail server address and started a script on my computer, poking at it for vulnerabilities. It would take a while, so I turned back to Lily, who was just watching me.

"I have no idea what you just did," she confessed.

I smiled and explained.

"I still have no idea."

I sighed. "I'm trying to find other ways to hack that asshole. If I find something incriminating on him, then he won't use that video on me."

She tilted her head. "The guy's using mind control or something on people. Isn't that incriminating?"

"Only if I can prove it. Right now we don't know how it works. He'll know where I am when I use the app, so he's not going to send one of his sex drones if I'm sitting at the police station. Hell, he might even be able to track me when I'm not using it."

"So why don't you turn off your phone?"

I shook my head. "Then he'd suspect we're on to him, and then I'd be fucked...I mean, done." I was already fucked, and often lately.

Lily considered me. "Or are you keeping it on so that you keep getting laid? Even if it's de Ruyter casting the line, that's quite the bait."

I cocked my head at her.

She blushed. "My dad fishes."

I thought for a moment. "No...well, it is fucking awesome, but that's not the main reason."

"Keep him guessing," she agreed. "But you'll still let me know when you use the app, right?" She nibbled her lower lip as she asked.

I nodded.

"Yay!"

---

I went out and bought some condoms. I wasn't going to impregnate my fucking sister, or my mother, if de Ruyter sent her after me again! Hopefully that was the one and only time with Mom, just for the video evidence. But if he was putting forth Gina as my tormentor, then she'd be back for more sex, as she had that afternoon.

Damnit, my cock was getting hard thinking about it! My sister had given me several orgasms by that point, and those pleasurable hormones had had an effect on my brain, associating it with her face and body in a classic cycle of positive reinforcement. Goddamn de Ruyter, making me hot for my stupid sister!

---

I stayed off of the game at home, though it seemed now that Gina had "revealed her hand", she no longer needed me to spawn a rare before she'd jump my bones, and I quickly found out that she wouldn't let me put a condom on! That made me very nervous, so I spent more time out of the house.

*Can I come over 2 ur place?* I texted Lily Friday after dinner.

*Sure*, she sent back, with the address.

When I arrived, she was waiting at the front door and ushered me in. "Got a friend over, Dad! Going to my room!" she called out to the rest of the house as she ran up the stairs in her short shorts. I paused for a moment to take in the gorgeous blonde cheerleader's bouncing ass before I ran after her.

She closed the door once we were in her room. A cushy bed, makeup desk, some boy band posters, and...a Battlestar Galactica 2003 poster? I pointed to it, mouth open.

"What? It was a good show." She sat on the bed. "Hey, can I see your phone for a minute?"

I unlocked it and handed it over. There were no more secrets between us; we were partners in this.

She tapped at it a bit. "So you just..."

My eyes widened. "Wait, don't..."

She tapped the screen, "...do that?" She waited. "Now what?"

I took the phone back. She had spawned a spirit in her bedroom. "Lily, why did you do that? We don't know how this works! You could suddenly want to jump my bones!" Not that I had a problem with that, now that I was thinking of it...

She sat and waited. "Nope, nothing. And there's no other women nearby that de Ruyter could use..."

Her door opened, cutting her off. A cute, tall brown-haired girl, maybe 17, in pajama pants and a tight t-shirt over small breasts, walked in and moved toward me.

Lily gasped. "I didn't think...shit!"

"Your sister?" I let the newcomer pull my pants and underwear down, and then she started stroking my cock.

"Chastity," Lily replied. "Goddamnit! Chastity, stop!"

But her sister didn't respond, and soon I was ready. She took me into her mouth. I lay back, wishing that Chastity would take off her clothes, but figured that we should just stick with the blowjob so as to not freak Lily out too much. She seemed quite upset.

"I'm sorry, Victor," Lily stammered. "I didn't think that he...I mean..."

"de Ruyter? He's always 'activated' a girl nearby. Why wouldn't he pick your sister? I'll try to make it quick, okay?" I lay back, admiring Chastity's toned body.

"Victor, look at me."

I looked at Lily. She had removed her shorts and had her legs splayed wide, showing me her trimmed pussy. Holy shit! "What...why are you...?" My cock filled up even more, threatening to bust.

Suddenly Chastity pulled back, turned away, and pulled down her pants. "I need you to fuck me..." she ordered huskily.

"Oh noooo..." Lily moaned.

I looked back to Lily. "Don't worry, I'll use a condom so she doesn't get pregnant." I fished in my pants for the prophylactic.

"I'm not...worried about that..." I looked back at Lily again, but she was looking at her sister, who I saw had pulled her underwear down, showing...

...wang.

Wang?

Why was I looking at wang?

There, hanging between Chastity's legs, was a small, hard penis, completely at odds with her shapely legs and womanly curves.

"I'm so sorry," Lily said as she took the rest of her own clothes off and bent over next to her...sister? "She's a trans girl. You can pretend it's me, okay?"

My mind was stuck in mud, spinning my wheels. I wasn't going to...there's no way...

Chastity looked back at me with a jaw that seemed just a bit too wide. "Let this happen or the video gets released," she said in a voice that seemed a little too low.

"I...I...fuck...Lily, there's no pussy for me to fuck!"

She looked at me with pity. "There's still her asshole. Get in there and keep your eyes on me."

Her sister started counting, "10...9..."

I quickly positioned myself behind Chastity as she continued to count down. My cock had wilted, but I pressed the head between her asscheeks.

"...7...6..."

I looked over at Lily, who was now pulling her pussy lips apart, providing an awfully tempting target. I felt my cock stiffen, and I pushed hard against her sister's butthole.

"Oww...4..."

I pulled back, quickly spat onto my cock head, and pushed again. The head slipped through Chastity's anal sphincter.

"...1...ohh...yesss..."

I looked down at Chastity's ass. So womanly and round, but...I knew there was wang hanging down below! I looked back at Lily, who was slipping one finger inside herself as she frigged her clit. I started to thrust, doing my damnedest to pretend that it was Lily I was fucking.

"Chastity's been on female hormones for years, but she's still pre-op," Lily told me breathily. "She IS a woman, Victor. I stupidly thought that how she was born would mean that whatever de Ruyter does wouldn't work on her. Uhh..."

She had slipped another finger inside herself. I kept my eyes on Lily, wishing that I was pumping my cock inside her hot body, between those dripping folds.

We continued for several minutes. Chastity's ass loosened up, making things easier. Finally, I started getting close.

Lily noticed me speeding up. "Cum inside me, Victor," she whispered.

"Fffuucckkk..." I moaned, and I filled her sister's ass up with my sperm.

"Oohhh..." Chastity moaned, spraying her own puddle of semen onto Lily's desk.

I pulled out, my cock covered in a brown and white sheen. Ugh!

"Thanks, Victor," Chastity said, pulling her pants and underwear up before leaving the room.

I collapsed onto the bed. After a few seconds, I looked back at Lily, but she was redressing as well, pulling her shirt back down. I moaned as those phenomenal breasts were hidden away from my sight.

She sat down next to me. "I did that so you'd be able to get in there and finish, okay? No other reason, so don't think it'll happen again."

I nodded, but hoped that wasn't true.

---

Trent frowned at the report from Chastity. Why had Victor fucked her in the ass? Maybe to avoid pregnancy? He'd have to make sure to specify vaginal sex from now on, just like he had directed Gina to not let her brother use protection.

He put down the phone and beheld his next door neighbor Meadow waiting for him on his bed, naked and ready. He dropped his robe and joined her.

"Ooh, Trent, you look so sexy," the fit redhead cooed at him.

"Thank you," he replied as he got between her legs, "I work out."

"Well, it really shows...ugh..." she grunted as he thrust himself directly inside her wet pussy, "and your cock is so big..."

"Ump," Trent grunted as he thrust his 7 incher all the way inside her. Then he began to ram into her, fast.

"Ugh, uhh, umm..." she grunted.

Trent grabbed her ankles and raised them high, allowing his cock maximum access to her pussy. Since creating the Master Control system, he had had a lot of sex, with a lot of different women, and it was all kind of boring now. He rushed toward his own orgasm.

"Ugh, ugh, UGH!" he cried out as he blasted his cum inside his hypnotized, married neighbor.

His standard sex command took hold, making her orgasm upon feeling his cum filling her. "Ahh! Ohhh!" Her back arched as her body accepted his semen.

Finally, Trent pulled out, a flood of his cum following. He had wanted to get a vasectomy shortly after developing the Master Control system, realizing that impregnating some of the women he took advantage of would be very bad for his lifestyle. Eventually, one of them would get a genetic test, and he could be arrested. However, when the doctor tested his normal sperm count, it was found that he was shooting blanks anyway. Perversely, he sometimes wished that he was spurting a load of dangerous sperm deep inside some of his mesmerized conquests like Meadow. Maybe that was why he was getting Victor laid so much, he considered: using the boy as a proxy for what he couldn't do.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)