                                        Cheerleaders 2
                                        By Lust 4 Life

Marcia & Tom watched the Super Bowl and the Pay Per View after game celebration in 
which the winning team players got to enjoy the losing team cheerleaders, without 
contraception. Discovering that they were very turned on, not just by the sex, but by the 
pregnancy risk with multiple partners, they decide to host their own Super Bowl post 
game celebration this year with several other couples. M+/F+, orgy, impreg.

Background

Marcia & Tom were excited about the up-coming Super Bowl and the Super Bowl party. 
It had all begun shortly after last years Super Bowl and the Pay Per View after game 
celebration. They had watched the game at a friends and then hurried home to watch the 
after game party with the cheerleaders of the losing team getting fucked, unprotected, by 
the winning team. Both had been incredibly turned on and they ended up fucking like 
rabbits. Later they talked about what had turned them on so much. They had both 
watched porn before but it had not turned them on like this  it wasnt just watching 
people fucking (although that did turn them on). They finally realized it was the fact that 
it was unprotected fucking in which the women might get pregnant. And it was more 
than that, it was the random nature of it, the fact that the women were letting multiple 
men cum in them and that if they got pregnant, it could be by any one of the men.

Over the next few weeks, talking with other couples they knew, they realized that their 
reaction was not unique. Several other couples indicated that the after game Pay Per 
View celebration had been the highlight for them, and that it had led to some passionate 
couple time. A bit further probing with these couples had confirmed that the key thing for 
all of them had been the unprotected, multiple, random sex partners and pregnancy risk. 
Of course the media and tabloids covered the results of the after game sex celebration as 
one after another of the cheerleaders admitted they were pregnant. Marcia and Tom 
found that they liked to role play the celebration, Marcia pretending she was one of the 
cheerleaders having to offer herself to the winning team, Tom pretending to be a winning 
team member, having his way with her. However, while they were considering starting a 
family, they were still using birth control.

One day after one of their passionate sessions, laying naked together, Tom mused, I 
wonder if anyone tries to duplicate the celebration for real, with a group of friends after 
the game? You mean an orgy? A bunch of swingers getting together and getting it on? 
Probably Marcia commented. No. Not just recreational sex. Real pregnancy risk 
without birth control, like the real celebration Tom said. I dont know Marcia said, 
That would be pretty over the top. Letting multiple men cum in you so if you got 
pregnant you wouldnt even know who the father is? Well, is that really so much 
different than adopting? Then you dont know who either the father or the mother were. 
Its still a baby you love and raise Tom said. Hmm-m. Yeah, but how would you feel 
watching another man fucking me without protection. Cumming inside me, planting his 
seed in my womb? Or several different men, all cumming in me, unprotected? she asked. 
I dont know Tom admitted, I was wondering about that myself. To some extent it 
would turn me on. The risk. The uncertainty. And I know I like watching people fuck. 
Really? You might find it a turn on to see other men fucking me unprotected? Marcia 
asked.

They let the subject go but came back to it a few days later during another love making 
session. Tom had just pumped a big load into Marcia and they were holding each other, 
running their hands over each other when Marcia brought the subject up again. So, given 
any more thought to whether you could handle watching another man fucking me? Tom 
teased, So who said Id be watching? Id probably be busy fucking some other woman 
at the same time! They both lay quite for a few minutes imagining the scene in their 
heads.

Planning

Well, we know several couples really got off on the after game show, and in fact on the 
whole pregnancy risk theme Marcia said, I wonder if anyone else is crazy enough to get 
turned on by the idea of really doing it? Well, we could bring it up with some of them, 
just casual conversation, follow-up to the fact that they were turned on by it Tom 
suggested. You can talk to some of the women, and I could talk to some of the men, just 
see if any of them even thought about it or would find the idea interesting. Marcia 
agreed and suggested they should discuss the potential couples, make sure there was no 
one wouldnt want to participate with. They went through a list of about 15 other 
couples, discussing each member of the couple, Shes hot, Id really get into fucking her 
and shooting a load in her. And it would sure be a kick to see her belly swelling, 
wondering whose sperm did it to her. Oh yeah, hes totally hot. Hes got a cute ass Id 
love to feel while he was driving into me and hes got sexy eyes. Enh, shes okay, I 
wouldnt mind doing her, but not an A-list Eew! Hes kind of creepy. No, I dont want 
him drooling all over me! Well, shes okay, but I really dont want to take a chance of 
him knocking you up and raising his kid. Hes a bit overweight, but he also seems to 
have a pretty big bulge in those pants which could be a fun ride! And so they worked 
their way through the list, finally coming up with a short list of 5 definites, 5 rejects, and 
5 maybes. Of course, for something like this, everyone has to be pretty comfortable with 
every other couple, not just us Marcia commented. Yeah, if we find anyone else 
interested, then well have to see about getting consensus on who is part of the group.

And how much are we talking about here? Marcia asked? Is this a one time thing at 
the next Super Bowl party and maybe some women get pregnant and maybe they dont? 
Or are you thinking about repeating until all of the women really are pregnant by fathers 
unknown? Im not sure. Tom answered. Lets see if there is interest at all, then see 
where it goes. Before we take the next step, youre really serious about this arent 
you? Marcia asked Tom. You would really be okay with me fucking other men, 
unprotected, getting pregnant, probably not by you, and raising a child of unknown father 
as your own? Tom answered, Yes. Ive been thinking about it a lot. The whole idea 
really turns me on, both of screwing other mens wives unprotected, feeling my sperm 
shooting into them, and of seeing you getting creamed without protection. And we can 
always have a second child that we know is mine.

Over the next couple of weeks they each brought up the topic with members of the 5 A-
list couples they had identified. One couple responded enthusiastically, the woman telling 
Marcia and the man telling Tom that they too had talked about the idea of having their 
own Super Bowl party with no protection and the idea really turned them on, but they 
had not really considered that anyone else would be that twisted. Two of the couples 
were no gos, in one the man said, No Way!, sure the idea was exciting but no way 
would he go through with it, and Marcia got pretty much the same reaction from the 
woman in another couple. With the other 2 couples, both men told Tom that they were 
potentially interested, that it would really turn them on, but they doubted their wives 
would go for the idea, while the women told Marcia the same thing, that the idea turned 
them on but they doubted their husbands would go for it. Marcia and Tom laughed at this 
as they compared notes and each went back and told their contact what their spouse had 
told them. In the end, they had 3 interested couples (plus themselves).

I think we need more than 4 couples Marcia told Tom. But if you are still serious 
about going ahead with this, we should probably all get together to decide how many 
couples we should have, and to all agree on who else to approach. Tom agreed and they 
arranged a meeting at their house for all four couples a few weeks later. They were all a 
bit giddy and nervous at first, realizing they were seriously planning an event where they 
would all be fucking each other without birth control, mating for real, if they went ahead 
with this. They were all checking each other out both more obviously and intently than 
they had before, the men imagining the women, naked, fucking them, imagining the other 
men, fucking their wives, while the women were imagining the men fucking them, 
groaning as they emptied their seed into their unprotected wombs, what it would be like 
letting these other men inseminate them for real, feeling them cumming inside and 
knowing they could get pregnant from the hot juice shooting into them.

After a bit of discussion, they agreed that a total of 6 couples would be good. Each man 
might be able to screw 3 women in one night, meaning they would screw 3 of the 5 who 
were not their wives. Thus each woman would receive 3 loads of sperm from 3 different 
men, but there was also some randomness that not everyone would screw everyone. Next 
they had to decide on 2 additional couples. They decided to make an ordered list of 5 
and work their way down the list until they had their 2. The final list included 2 of 
Marcia and Toms original maybes, and 3 other couples suggested by others that they all 
agreed on. Finally they decided who would contact each couple and how much they 
would tell, or not tell them, before getting a positive yes. That night Marcia and Tom had 
an exceptionally hot fuck, each imagining themselves at the up-coming party, screwing 
someone else for real. Tom finally shot a massive load of hot cum deep inside Marcia who 
loved feeling the burst of warm, wetness in her pussy, pushing herself hard against Tom 
to capture as much as she could, as deep inside herself as possible.

Three weeks later they had their final 2 couples, for a total of 6. Their first Super Bowl 
planning meeting with all 6 couples was soon arranged. Once again they met at Marcia 
and Toms house, once again with a bit of giddy nervousness as the plan moved forward, 
becoming more real. They discussed what types of birth control each couple used: The 
pill, diaphragm, condom, or just rhythm. Most of the couples used the pill or a diaphragm, 
one couple used condoms. They agreed that 2 months before the super bowl, the women 
taking the pill would stop taking it, to give their bodies time to become fertile again. On 
the day of the super bowl, before the game, the women would all go into a bathroom 
together to take a pregnancy test. They would show each other as the test developed to 
prove they were not already pregnant, and would then bring the results out to show the 
men that they were indeed fertile and ready. The question came up again, whether this 
was a one time risk thing, or whether they would keep meeting and doing this until the 
women were pregnant. They decided to leave that until after the party and then see how 
everyone felt. One woman suggested, rubbing her crotch suggestively, that they have a 
practice session before the game, like maybe now. After some discussion, it was agreed 
that no, they would wait, so it was really new: first time with new partners just like the 
cheerleaders would be doing. They also agreed that the women would each get a 
cheerleader uniform, although they agreed the outfits could be more risqu than that worn 
by the real cheerleaders.

That night Tom & Marcia again had an incredible fuck, anticipating the party. Over the 
next couple of months, through the Christmas holidays as the super bowl neared, the 
couples all stayed in close contact with each other and at 2 months before, they all had a 
little ban the contraception party in which the women taking the pill put their next 2 
months prescriptions in a box which they put on the shelf at Tom & Marcias. Marcia used 
a diaphragm, so she was a good neutral party to keep the pills and they could all check 
them when they arrived for the party.

The women traded ideas of where to find good cheerleader uniforms. They all agreed to 
keep the uniforms secret from the men until the game was about to start. Marcia 
eventually went with 2 of the other women to a couple of adult oriented stores picking 
out skimpy, revealing, but tantalizing outfits. Marcia felt herself getting wet trying them 
on, seeing the other women in their outfits, talking about how the outfits would turn the 
men on, inflame their lust. She wondered if Tom would fuck one of the two women she 
was with, and if so, if he would knock her up. She imagined teasing the men during the 
game in her outfit, and then stripping it off afterward and getting fuck by several of the 
men, feeling them cumming in her unprotected pussy, shooting their sperm in her.

Super Bowl  Warm-Up

The big day finally arrived. Tom and Marcia had refrained from sex for several days to let 
Toms mature sperm load build up, so both were extra horny. That morning Marcia and 
Tom made sure everything was ready for both the game and the party, that it would be 
easy to move furniture and bring in the extra mattresses after the game. Soon the other 
couples began arriving, bringing food and drinks. Everyone was excited and nervous, this 
was the big day, they were all here and it looked like they were actually going to go 
through with this.

Finally, 30 minutes before the kick-off, the women all adjourned to the master bathroom 
where they each took their pregnancy test. They all came back negative. Marcia had 
butterflies in her stomach and a tension in her crotch. Looking at the other women, she 
said, So this is it. Were really going to do this! God Im so excited and terrified at the 
same time! Several other women echoed her sentiments. Yeah, new guys AND this 
time when they cum, no barriers. This is for real, and really exciting! One woman patted 
her belly saying, I wonder if this will be as flat as this 6 months from now? The women 
now dawned their cheerleader outfits, touched up make-up and hair to look as hot as 
possible, and with 10 minutes left until game time, returned to the living room where the 
men were waiting, watching the pre-game show. The men cheered enthusiastically as the 
women entered, thoroughly approving of the hot outfits they were wearing. The ladies 
twirled, Marcia bent over wriggling her barely covered ass at the men and ground her hips 
suggestively, feeling herself starting to get wet.

After a short show, Marcia quieted them down and turning to the men said, We want 
you all to know how much you turn us on. How much we have been looking forward to 
this party. And, we want you to know that we are all fertile and ready for your hot loads 
of sperm. Ladies  With this each woman held up her pregnancy test results. None of 
us is currently pregnant. She then went to the mantle and retrieved the pills, No one has 
been on the pill for the last 2 months, so those ladies are back in their normal reproductive 
cycle and receptive. Karen and I have used a diaphragm, so here they are, going on the 
mantle and not inside us. Our pussies are ready. With that, she and Karen showed off 
their diaphragms and then placed them on the mantle next to the pills. Finally, for our 
one couple that has used condoms, a symbolic condom Marcia held it up and punctured 
hole through it. No barriers. So none of us is pregnant, we are not using any form of 
birth control, just like the cheerleaders on the two teams, are pussies and wombs are open, 
fertile, and ready for your hot sperm. The men cheered enthusiastically to this.

The game started and everyone quieted down to watch. There was of course heavy 
advertising for the Pay Per View after game celebration with the commentary showing 
where each of the cheerleaders for each team was in her fertility cycle, pictures of last 
years losing cheerleaders, many of them with swollen bellies resulting from the 
celebration or with their new child. They watched the cheerleaders on the sidelines 
cheering their teams on, knowing that one set of cheerleaders was going to be entertaining 
the men of the other team after the game, that many of the cheerleaders on one of the two 
teams would end of pregnant by the end of the day. And that some of them might end of 
pregnant as well. During commercials, the ladies would stand and do a little cheer or just 
strut their stuff for the men, sometimes wiggling their asses in the mens faces, sometimes 
shaking their boobs, teasing the men.

The game was a tight game, either side capable of winning right down to the last minutes 
of the game. As the end approached, both sets of cheerleaders still possible victors spoils, 
and as the tension in the room increased from the sexual innuendo, the teasing by the 
women to arouse the men, Marcia felt herself getting wetter. She could tell the other 
women were excited as well. Soon, their fantasy was going to become real.

Victory Party

The final whistle blew. The game was over and the victory celebration was about to 
begin! Quickly the men re-arranged the furniture and spread out the mattresses. The men 
then retreated to a bedroom and stripped off their clothes so that like the winning team, 
they could enter the party room naked.

The TV was showing a split screen view of the losing cheerleaders apprehensively and 
somewhat dejectedly waiting in the party room with the exuberant winning team running 
down the hall naked, from the locker room to the party room when the ladies called the 
men. Like the winning team, the men came running in naked and excited. The women 
however, instead of being apprehensive and dejected were equally excited, eagerly 
looking forward to the upcoming couplings.

Hi boys! Marcia said grinning and wiggling her hips as the men entered. Hope youve 
all been saving up some big loads for us. This is your big chance to sow those seeds in 
some fertile pussy. Yeah! several of the men cheered. Show us some of that fertile 
pussy! Lets see you show us what youve got! The lust in the mens eyes turned Marcia 
on. Marcia and the others began to dance, wiggling asses and tits for the men. The 
butterflies in Marcias stomach had definitely migrated, it felt like they were now in her 
womb. Marcia looked at the men, at their cocks all soon to be pumping one or the other of 
the women here and shooting hot semen into them. The thought made Marcia wet (as if 
she wasnt already soggy from anticipation), and reaching up she pulled off her top, 
allowing her generous breasts to spring free. As she continued moving she saw the men 
playing with themselves as they watched with hunger in their eyes, their cocks beginning 
to swell. She was already worked up and was eager to pair up with one of the men so she 
soon removed her short skirt so she was dancing naked. She noticed the other women 
were all keeping up with her so that soon the room was filled with six naked men, hard 
cocks sprouting from their crotches at the sight of 6 naked women, all wet and eager. The 
men were stroking their cocks and balls while the women were stroking their clits and 
massaging their breasts while lewdly grinding their hips. Looking over at the TV, Marcia 
noticed that some of the real cheerleaders were already naked, in fact one was already 
sucking a hard dick.

The tension couldnt last. One of the men beckoned to a woman, Come. I want to fuck 
you. He held his cock, sort of waving it at her. The woman approached him, sank to her 
knees, and slowly lowered her mouth over it while her hand slid between his legs, 
cupping his balls, the balls whose sperm would soon be in her womb. The man groaned in 
appreciation. Now the other men began to choose women. A man named Dave picked 
Marcia. Marcia looked at his grinning face, drinking in her nude body displayed for him. 
Smiling seductively she asked, You like? You want to plant your seed in me? Oh 
yes! the man answered, I want to fuck you, cum in you, shoot my sperm deep inside 
you, and make your belly swell. Marcia leaned forward, kissing him passionately while 
reaching down to grab the erection rising eagerly from his crotch.

She broke the kiss, nibbling her way down his chest until she reached his hard cock. The 
mighty rod stared back at her with it unblinking eye. She lowered her head and kissed the 
tip, then wrapped her lips around just the head and pulled up. She moved lower, down to 
his testicles in their sack. The testicles producing the sperm he would soon be spraying 
inside her, the source of his genetic code that he would soon be sharing with her, hoping 
to combine with her genetic code carried in one of her eggs. His genitals, for generating 
new life. The miracle and mystery of life contained in those two lumps hanging in his 
scrotum, the erect penis, the phallus, symbol of male fertility and new life, designed to 
inject that seed into her womb.

She licked his sack eliciting groans of pleasure from him, then ran her tongue up the large 
tube on the underside of his penis through which his semen would travel on its mission of 
reproduction. Reaching the tip she again lowered her mouth over the top, but this time 
continued down taking him deep into her mouth until the head was hitting the back of 
her throat. Her hand cupped his balls as she moaned around his shaft. Meanwhile, his 
hands were alternately running over her back and head, and around to cup her breasts and 
pinch her nipples. Her pussy was pulsing in anticipation, making her wiggle her hips. Her 
hand continued past his balls and massaged the area behind, where is prostate was, 
encouraging him to produce a large load of semen to carry his sperm into her body.

Marcia looked up to see all the other women in the room sucking their mens cocks. 
Looking over at the TV she saw that 2 couples were already mating, one in missionary 
position, one doggy style. As she watched, another player pulled his cheerleader off his 
cock and pushed her onto her back. She spread her legs wide, inviting him into her pussy. 
Marcia could hear the commentary in the background as the man brought his cock to the 
entrance, positioned it, and started to slide in. The TV showed a split screen with his cock 
sliding in, and a view from the pussy cam of the head sliding up inside her vagina.

Oh God, Ive got to have a cock in me too Marcia cried. Looking Dave in the eyes she 
said, Fuck me, please. Put that big cock in me and fuck me. She laid back, spreading 
her legs in wanton invitation to Dave. He eagerly complied, crawling between her legs, 
leading with his cock. Marcia watched as he brought it to her lips and whimpered in 
desire as he made contact, rubbing it up and down, parting her lips. Then he was driving 
forward and she felt the head prying her open, filling her. Oh it felt so good! She pushed 
up to meet him. She was soaking and he was already wet from being in her mouth, so he 
slid all the way in on one stroke until she felt the head bump her cervix. It was positioned 
to spray his sperm right on the opening to her womb! The thought just excited her more as 
she felt those sperm laden testicles resting on her ass. This is it she thought. The 
fucking is about to start, ending with live sperm in my fertile womb. Her pussy spasmed 
and creamed some more at the thought. Dave groaned and began moving inside her. Ah-
h! she cried, Oh, Yes! Fuck me!

There was definitely something different this time, know this was mating for real. A 
mans penis pumping into her vagina, intent on depositing his potent sperm in her 
receptive body with no birth control. She looked around and saw the other men mounting 
their women. She saw Toms ass rising and falling between a womans legs, his balls 
hanging behind his rigid shaft. Good luck she thought, Hope you knock her up. And 
then she closed her eyes and gave herself up to the waves of pleasure coursing through 
her crotch and spreading through her body.

She reveled in the feeling of the hard cock driving into her, bringing more and more 
pleasure as she thought about that potent slit on the end pointed right at her cervix, 
bumping it with each stroke, until she groaned with her first orgasm. Daves cock 
continued pounding into her and she opened her eyes, looking up at him, into his eyes. I 
want to feel your cum shooting into me, filling me! she told him. Dave just groaned in 
reply as he kept thrusting.

Looking at the TV she saw that all of the women were being fucked. There were actually 
several more team members than cheerleaders, so there were some men still waiting their 
turns. As she watched, the film crews realized one of the men was about to cum and 
moved in to give coverage of the insemination. The TV went to split screen and she could 
see his cock head sliding in the womans cunt in the pussy cam view while the film crew 
showed their genitals working together from the outside. The announcer was saying, It 
looks like Sally is going to be the first to get creamed this year and she is right smack in 
the middle of her cycle. Folks, this load could be the one to knock her up! Now she 
could hear the man grunting in his final strokes, Yes, Oh Im about to cum in you! 
Gonna knock you up good! Then she heard him groan loudly as he pushed in deep and 
held it. From the outside view she could see his balls twitching as he pumped his load 
into the waiting pussy while the pussy cam showed the sudden burst of white semen 
shoot from the slit on the end of the mans penis, coating the walls of the clasping vagina. 
Marcia groaned in anticipation, knowing that would soon be happening inside her own 
body. She knew the woman on TV could feel the cock pulsing as it filled her with the life 
giving seed. The sight of the woman taking her load of cum on TV was apparently too 
much for the man fucking the woman next to Marcia. She heard him grunt, Im 
cumming! and saw him freeze, his cock pulsing as he came. Marcia knew the first of 
their little group was being inseminated and wondered if she would conceive from that 
load of sperm.

Through all of this, Dave kept thrusting into her. She could tell from his rhythm and the 
increased tension in his body that he was getting close now. She could tell she was also 
getting close to another orgasm of her own. She was ready, she wanted to feel him 
spurting into her. Come on! Let it go! Knock me up stud! I want to feel you cuming in 
me! Marcia was fucking back hard now, pushing up to meet Daves driving thrusts. She 
was vaguely aware that the couple next to her, finished now, was watching them, would 
see Dave blasting his load into her. The thought excited her. Made her imagine she was 
one of the cheerleaders with a world-wide audience watching her, watching her get filled, 
possibly impregnated. That did it, her pussy exploded again, she cried out, Aie-e-e! as 
her body convulsed in orgasm. Oh god! Youre so hot! Im gonna cum! she heard Dave 
groan. Yes! Yes! Yes! This is it! she thought to herself. She felt his entire body tensing 
as it prepared for that ultimate creative moment when it would launch his seed, his 
genetic imprint into a fertile woman (her!) on its mission of reproduction. She could 
imagine the reservoir at the base of his penis filling, filling to the bursting point with his 
semen, all of his reproductive musculature tensing like an over-wound spring, ready to 
explode. And then it happened, she felt him jam forward hard into her, felt his penis push 
against her cervix, heard him gasp, and felt the first massive pulse running the length of 
his cock as he blasted the first jet of semen into her waiting body. Yes! she wailed as 
she felt the pressure of his cum on her cervix. And then they fell together into orgasm. 
She was pushing back hard against him to keep his penis as deep inside her as possible 
while she heard his grunts, Unh! Unh! Unh! in time to the contractions she felt deep 
inside herself as his cock pulsed again and again, spewing burst after burst of his semen 
into her, coating her insides with his seed. Oh! So hot! So wet! So good! Oh give me 
more! she was babbling as she held him tight. Finally Dave began to relax and a 
wonderful glow spread through her body, emanating from the liquid warmth she felt at 
the center of her being, his hot seed deep inside her which would soon be swimming 
through her cervix, into her womb in its search for an egg to fertilize.

As Marcia lay, still joined with Dave, feeling his now emptied balls resting contentedly 
on her ass, she looked over and grinned at the couple next to her who had watched her 
being filled. She looked around at the other couples, still mating and watched as one by 
one the males reached their climax, spurting into their waiting women. She watched her 
husband Toms rhythm falter, then stop as he froze, emptying his balls into the woman he 
was fucking, sending his seed on its journey into her body. Finally everyone was done 
with round one and their attention turned to the TV where some of the men and women 
were lounging after their first coupling, while others were still laboring in the throes of 
passion.

Daves shrinking penis soon slid from her pussy. People began moving around, grabbing 
nibbles, drinks, or just stretching as they watched the couples mating on TV, watched one 
after another cock jerking deep inside a waiting vagina, shooting streams of hot, sperm 
laden semen into the womens reproductive tracts. Combined with the continuing 
commentary about possible pregnancy, where the women were in their cycles, and so on, 
this had the natural effect of turning on the people at Marcia & Toms little party. Marcia 
enjoyed watching the naked bodies walking around at her little party: cocks swinging, 
glistening with a combination of fresh male and female juices, or starting to dry, tits 
jiggling as the women walked, pubic hair, both male and female, matted with 
reproductive juices. She felt some fluids leaking out of her vagina as she walked, 
smearing on her inner thighs.

More Fucking

Soon the couples began to once again pair up. One woman approached Dave and pressing 
her naked breasts against his chest, looked him in the eyes and asked, Wanna fuck? Im 
still horny. I think I need another hot load. Think you can give it to me? as she reached 
down and held his balls. Soon another man, Logan, grabbed Marcia from behind, pressing 
his cock into the crack of her ass and reaching around, cupping her breasts, asked Are 
you ready for another round? Wanna go for another ride on a hard cock? Marcia pressed 
back against his swelling member and murmured, M-m-m, yes! as she felt her pussy 
twinge in anticipation.

They quickly found an empty spot on the mattresses and laid down, kissing passionately, 
bodies pressed together, hands running over each others bodies. Marcia loved the feeling 
of her nipples rubbing against Logans chest, his thigh between her legs pressing against 
her vulva, the feel of his strong ass under her hands, the feel of his hands running over her 
back, her ass. After a few minutes of this they broke the embrace and Marcia worked her 
way down his body. Reaching his crotch she could smell pussy on his cock. Bypassing his 
cock she gently licked his balls and asked, Did you squirt a nice big load in a hot pussy 
already? Think you knocked her up? Got another big load in there for my pussy? She 
then returned to his cock, licking it, tasting the combination of pussy juice and semen 
coating it from his last fuck. His cock grew rapidly in her mouth as her fingers continued 
to massage his balls, urging them to release more sperm for her. Meanwhile she was 
squirming as his fingers slid into her squishy pussy, all wet from her juices and Daves 
load of semen.

Soon Logan was hard, his dick straining out eager to slide into a new pussy and Marcia 
was squirming in anticipation of more fucking. Her pussy was dying to feel another hard 
dick stretching it, to feel one pulsing inside her, that wonderful rhythmic throbbing feel as 
a hard cock spewed its essence into her. Marcia moved around and got on her hands and 
knees, wiggling her ass, her exposed pussy at Logan in wanton invitation to sink his shaft 
in. Marcia thought, The female in heat, waiting to be mated. Logans dick was 
throbbing in anticipation. He had loved fucking his previous partner, knowing he was in 
her bareback, shooting for keeps and here he was about to go again. A fertile woman 
wiggling her pussy at him, offering him her womb to plant his seed in. Marcia looked 
back at Logan, his dick straining out, his potent balls hanging in their sack, the source of 
his virility and manhood.

Then he was behind her, sinking his shaft in her until his pubic hair hit her ass, his balls 
slapped against her clit, drawing a groan of pleasure from each of them. Marcia reached 
between her legs and cupped his balls, nestled right there against her clit, his balls full of 
sperm he was going to shoot into her. Her touch made him throb inside her and then 
begin moving. Her fingers could feel his hard shaft sliding out, wet with her juices, the 
shaft which would carry his sperm deep into her body. She looked up and caught the eyes 
of another woman, also on her hands and knees getting fucked. They smiled at each other 
and then she concentrated on the feelings in her pussy as Logan fucked her. They 
continued, Logan first holding her hips, then laying on her back reaching around and 
holding her breasts, then back upright once again holding her hips, fucking her, his sack 
banging her clit with every thrust. Logans wife was getting laid next to them. She looked 
over smiling and said, Go on Logan. Give it to her. This is your big chance. Blast a hot 
load into her and knock her up. Empty those big balls in her. Ive already got one big load 
inside me, and Jeff here is soon going to blow his load in me as well. All that sperm 
looking for my poor unprotected little egg! Logan groaned and continued fucking her 
while next to them Jeff continued to pound into Logans wife. Marcia reveled in the 
feeling of Logans hard shaft stretching her on each stroke, the ripple of the head sliding 
up into her, the occasional bump of the head against her cervix and she again pictured the 
eager shaft, the slit on the end ready to spew his seed deep inside her.

Logan was fucking her hard now and she was pushing back, Oh yes! Oh you feel so big 
inside me! Fuck me! she cried. Now the feelings began to mount once again in her pussy. 
She could tell she was getting close to another orgasm and pushed back hard to meet 
Logans driving thrusts, both of them lost now in a mating frenzy, intent on the storm of 
sensations tearing through their joined genitals. His cock felt so wonderful filling her, the 
waves of pleasure reached higher and higher, almost, almost, until suddenly her pussy 
convulsed around the hard shaft, spasming in wonderful orgasm, milking it, urging it to 
let go and deliver his life giving seed into her womb. Logan felt Marcia getting closer and 
felt his own orgasm approaching, his load gathering at the base of his prick, his shaft 
distending, become extra rigid just prior to ejaculation. He was trying desperately to hold 
out a few more strokes, to help her over the edge to her orgasm, so when his shaft 
suddenly felt her pussy spasm, gripping him hard, that was it, the signal to his body that 
he could release his seed and his body responded with all the force it could muster. He 
lunged forward and bellowed in triumph, a long Ahh-h-h-h! as his cock exploded deep 
inside Marcia, blasting long ropes of cum through his dick to splatter deep inside Marcias 
body. The two lovers locked together, both cumming, both feeling the contractions both 
of his cock spewing pulse after pulse of his semen, her cunt grabbing again and again onto 
his cock, milking it, until the wild pulsing in each of their bodies finally slowed. Just as 
the contractions in their bodies stopped, Marcia heard Jeff next to them cry, Im 
cumming! and saw him push deep into Logans wife while she pulled her legs back, 
wide, and pushed hard up against him, helping him bury his cock as deep as possible in 
her. She watched the couple shuddering as their orgasm swept their bodies, Jeffs semen 
pumping into her body.

Couples were still fucking on the TV but the action had slowed from its initial frenzied 
pace. Marcia noticed a graphic showing how many men had fucked each woman, how 
many women each man had fucked. Around her the other couples had finished their 
second round and were resting. Most of the men were able to get it up one more time, 
sometimes with a little extra encouragement from the women. Marcia took one more load 
that evening before they all decided to call it a night.

Aftermath

So folks. Thoughts? One time thing or do we keep doing this till all the ladies are 
pregnant? After some discussion, they decided that once was enough. It was fun, it was 
hot, but once was enough. After a bit of clean-up, the last couple finally got on enough 
clothes to make it to the car and head home.

Like all women, Marcia had been born with her lifetime supply of eggs already in her 
ovaries. After reaching puberty and beginning her menstrual cycle, once a month first the 
left, then the right ovary would mature and release an egg to float down one of her 
fallopian tubes, ready for an in-coming rush of male sperm to find it and fertilize it and 
thus begin a new life, half Marcia, half that of the male whose sperm had just been 
deposited in her womb. In the past, Marcias diaphragm had prevented that rush of sperm 
from reaching its target and her lonely egg had drifted down and eventually out of her 
body, untouched. This month, for some reason, maybe the excitement of the planning for 
the party, her system had become over stimulated and confused. This month each ovary 
had matured and released an egg, so that on the night of the party, there were two mature 
eggs, one in each fallopian tube, awaiting the arrival of sperm to fertilize them.

Unlike women, men continually grow and mature sperm throughout their adult lives, 
ejaculating millions of them at a time to flood a womans womb and fallopian tubes in an 
effort impregnate her. All three of Marcias lovers had been saving up for several days 
prior to the party in anticipation of the big event. As a result, all three sets of male 
testicles were full to overflowing with mature, virile sperm. That night first one, then a 
second, and finally a third set of testicles delivered their mature sperm loads into Marcias 
body. All three loads coating the walls of her vagina, her cervix, finding their way 
through and mixing together in her womb before continuing up her fallopian tubes in 
search of an egg.

Late that night, while lying in bed drifting off to sleep remembering the exquisite pleasure 
of feeling those hard cocks driving into her, then throbbing in their eager release, the 
mixed sperm surrounded first one, then the other egg. At some point, one lucky sperm 
penetrated the first egg, mixing its genetic code with Marcias in the egg. Slightly later 
another sperm penetrated the other egg, repeating the process. Two new lives were 
started. The eggs continued on down her fallopian tubes, dividing into 2, then 4 cells each 
before arriving in her womb, all lined and ready to nurture them as they grew. The two 
new lives each attached as planned and began to grow.

Following the party, all of the couples waited with anticipation/trepidation to see who, if 
anyone had become pregnant that weekend. And of course the whole nation was 
watching the cheerleaders to see which of them had gotten knocked up on world wide 
Pay Per View TV. It was only after the party that Marcia actually thought to look at her 
cycle and see where she had been in it. It was then that she learned she was right at her 
peak fertility, that she had probably just ovulated when they held the party. About one 
week after the party, one of the couples announced that the wife had just begun her 
period  she was not pregnant. Two weeks passed and Marcias period was due, then late, 
then quite late. She bought another pregnancy test kit and saw that indeed she was 
pregnant (but did not yet know that she would be having twins!). Marcia and Logans 
wife both announced that they were pregnant on the same day. Within another 2 weeks 
all of the results were in: 4 pregnancies, 2 not pregnant. A very fertile weekend! And the 
odds were strongly against the husbands being the father of their wives children  they 
had spewed all their mature sperm into other women that day. Even if they could get it 
up after that marathon, it would be several days until they were shooting full loads again.

The results also came out publicly for the cheerleaders. Like last year, because the women 
living together had more or less synchronized their periods and were all mid-cycle, most 
of them ended up pregnant by fathers unknown, having been fucked multiple times 
during the party.

Marcia and Tom did not realize the full extent of her condition until several months later 
when they went for an ultra-sound. The doctor stunned them by telling them that Marica 
was carrying twins, fraternal twins because one was a boy, one was a girl, meaning that 
she had 2 different eggs fertilized by 2 different sperm. While the doctor assumed the 
sperm were all from Tom, Marica and Tom knew that in fact, the two twins might well 
have 2 different fathers! A genetic test on them could well raise some eyebrows!

