Starting School
Tue Apr 22, 2008 10:1070.105.16.214

The summer was coming to it's end and college was looming large on the 
horizon. I had mixed emotions about what it would be like, meeting new people, 
seeing new places and wondering if I could or would continue with my new way 
of living or were more changes coming my way.

Megan had become pretty much a fixture at my house since the family reunion, 
both mom and dad had grown so use to her being there they joked at times they 
had a second daughter. Two weeks before we were to leave for college Megan 
suggested we drive up to Charlottesville for a look around town and check out 
the campus before school started. Mom suggested we make a weekend of it, so 
Friday morning we packed our overnight bags and headed up route 64 for 
Charlottesville.

We had been gone from the house less than five minuets when Megan told me to 
pull over, I slowed and looked over to her and ask why , was something wrong? 
Yes she answered, your overdressed. I pulled into a parking lot and stopped 
not yet sure what I was going to do but Megan just took charge and told me 
that now was no time to start going back to my old ways. Besides she told me 
we would be on the highway for just a little over a hour then I could redress. 
Slowly I removed my blouse then my bra next came my skirt then my thong, Megan  scooped them up and threw them in the back seat, then she said we had to stop one more place before we hit the highway, McDonald's for coffee.

The trip thou the drive up window was fun and the young man there enjoyed the 
view I'm sure. Then we hit the road for real. About halfway there Megan 
suggested we leave the interstate and take the more scenic rt 250 for the rest 
of the way. The view was so beautiful and peaceful I almost didn't want it to 
end, Megan must have felt the same way as she soon had me taking detours to 
check out the country side. Finally we reached the outskirts of town and Megan 
reached into the back for my clothes but she left the bra and thongs in the 
floor, I took the hint and dressed without saying anything about the missing 
items.

The first thing we needed to do was get a room for our stay to act as a base 
for our sightseeing adventure. Then we just started driving around and taking 
in the sites. It's a small town but has much to see and do, next we rode over 
to the campus which is located downtown to start with then parked and walked 
around trying to take in as much as possible. It felt a little strange walking 
around campus dressed in just my mini skirt and blouse the warm breeze blowing 
between my legs and my breast bouncing and swaying beneath my blouse. We met 
and talked with a couple of girls who were students and got a quick course on 
what was what and where the best places to hang out where, then they took us 
to one of the local hangouts for many of the students. We had a couple of 
beer's each and talked about just about everything.

One of the things that was talked about was what we had done for the summer 
and Megan told about how I had spent the week naked and of course they ask a 
million questions about how I felt, wasn't I embarrassed did I have that out 
of my system now or was it going to continue up here? We found out that we all 
would be sharing the same dorm and they took us over to were it was and showed 
us around. I fell in love with it.

We made plans after that to meet again tomorrow to finish the cheap tour. When 
we got back to the motel Megan and I both needed to shower and then we could 
maybe go back out or just watch TV. When I came out of the bathroom wrapped in 
my towel Megan had a bottle of wine sitting on the dressed and handed me a 
bucket and told me to fetch some ice from down the hall, okay I agreed , as 
soon as I dress I said. Megan reached out and grabbed my towel pulling it from 
me and pushing me toward the door, now she said ,just as you are. Well being 
used to being naked I just went for it. I was all the way back before anyone 
came out and I'm not sure they saw me or not. What I am sure of is that this 
was making me hot.

That night was the first time Megan and I ever got together sexually, I was 
worried that I would fail to please her or that she wouldn't like it but she did and so did I. Megan talked me through it telling me just what to do and letting me know I was doing just fine. We fell asleep wrapped in each others arm's






 