Jed moved into our spare room three and a half years ago just after Dawn, my fianc and I (Dave) bought the new house with the intention of covering some of the loan with a lodger. We found him good company so instantly became friends and often socialised with him. Jed was old older than us, we were both twenty four at the time he was mid-thirties he was a little taller than me at just under six foot he was also black. He was to be honest good looking and had a cheeky smile that I knew made some women swoon a little.

It seemed he wasn't into long term relationships as we saw him with a number of different women, over those first few weeks but realised that he did see a few of them more than once only no one seemed regular. We didn't mind at all as he could do what he wanted but there was also the underlying theme that they were all white. Anyway we occasionally bumped into one usually the following day but it was fleeting as they seemed keen not to engage with us at all. Dawn noticed a couple of times that the women she saw had wedding rings on which might have explained why they were avoiding us and also why Jed had so many one-night-stands.

Dawn asked him one evening why that was and he told us he preferred married women because there were no strings to the sex and he had always enjoyed the skin contrast which was why they were always white. In fact he added, he'd only ever dated a black girl once and that was when he was at college. Now the other point I should add is that we did hear some pretty active sex going on with many of the women he bedded making hysterical noises that made us laugh. Now he'd been with us for three months when one night Dawn asked him straight out why there was so much noise from his bedroom when he had company. He gave us a grin then said the women seemed to appreciate his attributes rather a lot.

So that was the background to it. Now we had arranged our marriage to take place just over a year ahead of when we moved in so by the time we'd gone beyond Christmas the plans were in full swing and we were getting busy. It was during the holiday season Jed had a whole string of women back, some we'd seem briefly before others that we hadn't but it was the Friday after New Year he had a particularly vocal woman in his bedroom who kept us awake screaming and yelling about the sex they were having which I have to admit resulted in Dawn and I making out. The next evening we were sitting around deep into a second bottle of wine after all sharing the cooking duties when Dawn again asked Jed why his women were such screamers:

"It's the size of my cock!" He bragged then looked at us and shrugged. "Sounds like a boast but it's true I guess. I mean I've always found it easy to talk to people especially women so I don't have any problem picking them up... sorry don't want to sound like a misogynist, what I mean is if I like someone, more times than not they will be interested back. It's just that it goes either way once we are in bed; some of them don't like it either because they are too sensitive; thinking  it will hurt too much or they believe the stories about being ruined if they do it too often with me. Daft thing is they nearly all enjoy it! The other group love it and most of the screamers come from that group although not all of them in truth." Dawn scoffed but Jed only smiled. "Sorry, you asked. Look guys if my sex life is too noisy I'll try to curb it a little."

"We don't want you to do that." I told him. "Dawn was just being cheeky!"

"Yeah, sorry." She grinned. "Besides I'm curious as to just how big you really are!" I smiled at this as well; we were all pretty wasted. 

"Look I really like you guys and I don't want anything to get out of hand but if you are serious about this..." He looked at me and I gave a noncommittal shrug but I was now thinking this was getting a little serious.

"Show us!" Dawn urged and sat theatrically forward in her seat. I gave a second shrug of the shoulders to let him know I didn't mind so he stood up and came over and sat next to Dawn on the arm of the chair. He then stood briefly to undo his trousers and yank his boxers down then sat again. His cock was already hardening and we both stared at it as it rose steadily curving upwards all the time.

"Shit!" Dawn stated as she looked down at his manhood.

"If you are both cool about it..." He opened, "you can give it a stroke to get it hard." He looked at me for permission as did Dawn and I gave my third shrug although I was taken aback at the sheer size of the thing. My fianc's hand moved to it and she took it in her palm and gave it an exploratory tug and then gave a gasp as it grew fatter and reached its full height. Dawn's hand looked tiny as she continued to work it up and down mesmerised by the black phallus.

"I'm eleven inches but often it's the girth that gets the ladies so worked up." He explained. "It's because it gets so hard..."

"Like iron!" Dawn added and I could see there was no give in it at all as she pumped his erection.

"... yes so I'm told." He finished. "So guys like I said, we are friends and I don't want to ruin that or indeed my stay in the house so you both need to be comfortable with what we do now... do you want to err... stop or would you like to maybe... err well continue?" He was looking at Dawn this time and she was the one to make a twitch of the shoulders and I knew she really wanted to continue for at least a little while longer. Jed smiled at me then after a pause; I guess gauging our combined mood he spoke in a lower voice to Dawn.

"If you are happy... why not suck it a little and see what a large cock feels like in the mouth?" He made it sound like a taster at a restaurant and I guess that's what it was. She gave me a look but it was one of determination not asking for permission and then she bent her head and began to swirl her tongue over the very large cockhead. Jed gave a soft moan and let her continue for a few minutes then with a gentle hand he encouraged her to open wider and take it into her mouth. I watched as my fianc took three inches inside then slurped it back out grinning. She paused then did it again as he gave a groan and she chucked knowingly this time. She did it three times more and I wondered how long he could last as he was gasping each mouth-stroke.

"Bet you've never deep throated have you?" he quizzed to which Dawn responded by taking him deeper. I watched as she got four then five then six inches in and I knew she had his cock where mine went whenever she did that to me namely down her throat. Another inch and she stopped because that was as far as mine would ever go then she pulled back and worked forward again. It was so erotic seeing her do this especially as she was now squeezing her thighs together obviously very turned on herself. She stopped around eight or so inches and he held her now moving his hips as she let him I guess `fuck' her face. Then I saw her hand move to the crotch of her jeans and begin rubbing.

"Dawn you're brilliant!" he praised, "Wouldn't you like Dave to get behind you and help you get some relief?"  He gestured to me to come over. "Slide off the sofa and let Dave remove your clothes. Assuming you are both happy me being part of this then if you'll allow me to use your mouth Dave can do what you both want him to do!" Dawn didn't need to reply she simply ended up moving to a kneeling position then followed Jed as he took the seat. Now she had her face really buried in his lap and wiggled her rear invitingly at me. I was already tugging at my own trousers then I pulled her jeans and knickers; she was glistening with the folds of her sex pouting invitingly  so I found it eay to burying my erection into her wet and very aroused hole.

We all climaxed about the same time: Dawn climaxed immediately I entered her but raced to a second and with Jed now gasping heavily it was clear I needed to catch up so shouted "Wait for me!" and hammered away until I felt Dawn writhe as her second orgasm hit; just as Jed gave a grunt and I could tell from his jerking around that he was shooting down my fianc's throat. I was there as well and gave my own cry as I shot deep into Dawn. We rested for a few seconds then Dawn pulled her mouth clear and with a giggle said `wow!" and we all laughed. Jed was swift to leave us and told us he was honoured to have been part of a wonderful evening.

I looked at Dawn who hiccupped then laughed again when she told me it was a spermy burp! I laughed to and when I said: "ok?" she nodded and agreed; "ok"; that was enough for us both to hug and make our way to bed. Strangely we didn't mention Jed or his cock at all that night despite the fact that we made love again that night and again the next morning. In fact what might have been an issue didn't become one at all and Jed realised the next day that not only did we accept what happened as a good thing we were still mates.

Now inevitably a few weeks later we all got drunk again and when Jed asked Dawn if she thought she could get all his cock down her throat she told him no bother and got to her knees and unbuckled his trousers and pulled his soft cock out. Now this time Jed was standing and he remained like that so my fianc had to kneel up but as he explained to her she was in position if she was ever going to do it. I watched as inch by inch his now rock-hard erection went further and further. When he was deeper than before he encouraged her to cup his balls which she did with one hand as the other gripped his arse so she could control the depth. 

"Jesus Dawn! Another inch and it's there!" He encouraged. There were actually over two but it did the trick and she worked it down until she had all eleven inches down her throat. She held him there for a few moments then began to slide him back out only he stopped her after four inches and moved her forward again. So it was that he began to fuck her face properly. She now gripped his rear and he her head as his hips flexed in rhythm while two or three inches appeared between her lips then went back in. Dawn actually moaned and I could see she was gyrating along with this but I could only help by sitting behind her and rubbing her through her leggings. I then upped this by playing with her erect nipples. 

Jed was now beginning to go at it harder than I'd have expected but Dawn seemed to be ok and her hands were still urging him back and forth so clearly not in any trouble breathing. Suddenly she writhed as her climax hit then she began to find it a problem. Jed sensed this let her go and his cock came clear as she coughed and gasped for air. She then went to take him back in but he told her I was in need so she simply turned around and took my cock in her mouth and took it in her throat easily. I suppose I should have expected Jed to do what he did next but I wasn't really thinking about much except that it felt amazing so when I realised Dawn was now on all fours Jed had already lowered her leggings and knickers and was fingering her.

"May I?" he asked as he waved his erection towards her and again I didn't say anything. "Tell me if you want me to stop." He offered again then pushed the bell end of his erection to Dawn. She wriggled and grunted but made no move to stop him. She pulled my cock from her mouth then and groaned and told him to go slow which he did but she was very wet and despite stretching her more than ever before she took seven or eight inched before she told him to stop there. He then began to sex her as she took my cock back in her mouth and I was getting close in seconds. Dawn still climaxed before me and then I did but Jed continued to screw her using two-thirds of his length until she had another massive orgasm and thats when he climaxed himself. Again he was very contrite and beat a quick retreat to his room giving us space. Dawn smiled at me, before I could say a word, and told me she loved me adding it had been fantastic fun.  We then went to bed where she insisted on giving me a blow job until I was hard again then we had great sex once more.

The genie was well out of the bottle now so it wasn't a surprise when Dawn suggested we all go to our bedroom after we returned from the pub  the next Friday. This time we were naked and Dawn got us to take turns one at the front one behind her. This continued until Jed suggested I have the `honours ` and I got behind Dawn and hammered away until we had a mutual climax as Jed played with her breasts while she sucked his bell end. We had collapsed on our sides and that was when Jed moved my fianc gently onto her back asked if she minded to which she shook her head so he smiled and drove his cock deeply into her. Now I lay next to her watching Jed getting deeper and deeper and Dawn becoming very animated as he went beyond where he'd  (or I) had been before.

Dawn hit a climax but his rhythm didn't waver as he drove her quickly to her next.  They were kissing and her leg gripped his back as they rocked together the she gave a yell as he forced the final two inches into her and she gasped a `my God' then he really hammered at her and she screamed as he climaxed with her rocking together as he unleashed himself deep inside her. I was struck by how intense it had been and Dawn look shattered when she finally released him from her leg-grip.

"See you tomorrow." He stated as he left us and that was that. We didn't make love again that night, although I had a hard-on, because she was utterly spent. We did have sex the next morning and it was very physical because we were both remembering the hedonism of the previous night. Now I suppose it was always going to get more frequent after that and that next night since we were all at home we had sex again very similar to the night before with me going first then Jed screwing Dawn for twenty minutes until she'd hit several climaxes and he reached his own peak.

We had a good social life so we were out quite a lot and Jed made no attempts to seek sex during the week; we all worked and he was seemingly quite determined to steer clear of us. Anyway it was three weeks before the next session and this time Jed was the one to take my wife first; she found it hard to focus on sucking my cock as he pounded her from behind and kept stopping to moan or grip the sheets as he gave her climax after climax. This night he lasted for ages and I shot down my wife's throat long before he hit his own climax. When I eventually got onto Dawn she was very wet and quite loose from forty minute of uninterrupted sex with Jed but we still had fun and I got a second climax for my troubles.

Dawn was actually jealous the next night when we returned from friends to hear Jed banging away in his room and it was so funny (she'd been talking about waking him when we got back) seeing her scowl I laughed which she eventually did as well. The next weekend as an inducement for him to stay in rather than go clubbing Dawn dressed very sexily and flirted with him before taking out his cock sucking it then promptly sitting down on his lap and having sex with him and it was only eight o'clock! That night Jed had sex with her twice and that was a bit of a turning point because that second time lasted over an hour and Dawn was total absorbed with him I stopped even trying to get involved. She found me in bed a little later and apologised telling me it was just a bit of fun but I think we both knew she was more than a little addicted to sex with the man.

Now there is little point spelling out exactly what happened but Jed knew Dawn was besotted with him and she began to arrange situations that resulted in sex more and more frequently. After two months he was having sex with Dawn during the week occasionally and then one evening I came home from work to find them in bed Dawn yelling as he took her very hard. She didn't even apologise this time just gave me a little kiss on the cheek when she finally emerged from his room an hour later. We still had sex but now it was clear Jed was the one she enjoyed the most and couldn't wait to have sex with him at every opportunity.

So time moved on and the wedding arrived; Dawn had practically insisted Jed be the best man when one of my friends backed out very early on, admittedly he was still a great friend whom we had good times with but it was just his constant sexing of Dawn that had become a problem to me (not to her though). Anyway the evening of the wedding Dawn phoned me and let me know she was wearing something special under her dress tomorrow that Jed had given her and I'd have to wait to see it. So to the ceremony which was lovely as was the reception and the evening disco as well. Then at ten we went up to change only when we got to the room Jed was there and that was when I realised something was about to happen.

With a grin Dawn pulled up her dress to show me a pair of knickers Jed had specially printed for the day. "I'm fucking the best man tonight!" was printed on them and she smiled then told me to sit and watch how a proper consummation was done. Jed then simply pushed the gusset to one side and they had sex. My wife still in her wedding dress holding him tightly as he fucked her really hard. She was telling him how much she loved his cock and how she liked it deep and hard and other phrases when there was a knock on the door and my sister voice was heard asking if we'd seen Jed! Dawn was unable to suppress an orgasmic groan as the best -man continued to pump her hard.

"Oops! Sorry guys!" My sister laughed then left thinking my new wife and I were having sex not her and the best man. Dawn yelled as she hit a mammoth climax then called on him to fuck her harder which he did until they had a mutual climax. Jed was his usual self and took his leave from us as Dawn lay spread facing me.

"So husband, I've just been unfaithful so what are you going to do about it?" She teased. I dropped my trousers and banged away for two minutes before I erupted in her. "Pathetic!" She giggled. "Still you will get plenty of practice the next two weeks!"

That's the story really. Jed was moving out while we were away and despite my wife offering herself to him on a few occasions after we got back he refused to have sex again and thankfully it was just him that she was interested in so didn't seek anyone else. Our sex life has remained at a good level this past year as Dawn is both more inventive and more willing but nothing will ever reach the height (or depth) of that final night when Jed consummated my marriage not me.






