Lucius had been furious. As soon as the house had emptied -- which took hours, as drunken purebloods stumbled in from the gardens and exhausted Slytherins crawled from corners of the dance floor -- their gracious host had grabbed Severus by his fancy new robes and hauled him upstairs.

"Don't rip that! It's my best dress robe," Severus protested, though Lucius seemed disinclined to pay his words any attention and moreover Lucius had paid for the clothing. "You don't need to get violent. It was your idea for me to hook up with Bellatrix. You must have known what she would expect; according to her, you know her very, very well. What did you think would happen?"

"You didn't have to fuck her in my bed," announced Lucius, with unusual color in his pale face, striding imperiously down the hall to his bedroom with Severus in tow. He had sent Narcissa home with her parents and sister much earlier, as well as Severus' own parents, who had fallen all over each other in their effort to shake the hands of their Malfoy hosts; of course they had agreed when Lucius had asked whether their son might stay to help him set the house in order. Lucius had also said goodnight to the circle of friends with whom Severus had sat uncomfortably in the library, trying to determine the meaning behind their words about clandestine meetings and plans for future gatherings that would presumably include himself. "Do you understand what I did for you tonight? Asking you to join us, when you're not long out of school, untested? Now when I offer to sponsor you, they will fall in line behind me."

"Now you want me to join you?" Snape asked sullenly. All the whiskey he had drunk was confusing him, giving him a bit of a headache. "For months now, when I have asked you about these meetings you go to, you have refused to say a word..."

"I couldn't take any chances. We had to be certain of your intentions. The delay was not my decision."

"What in Merlin's name did you think my intentions were?" Pausing, Severus managed to wrest himself free from the older man's grip. "And I wasn't aware that you answered to anyone."

Whirling in the doorway of his rooms, Lucius fixed him with a glare. "I thought that you were serious about wanting to join me. I am the leader of this group, but surely you don't believe that this mansion and its pleasures are all that wizarding society may offer the powerful. Don't go soft on me now."

"Are you saying that tonight was the prelude to sort of initiation?" Satisfaction appeared in Lucius' eyes, a teacher pleased with a clever pupil. "I see. What will be expected of me? And why now?"

"Because I told them I wanted it to happen now. I think you're ready." Before Severus could ask what he was supposed to be ready for, Lucius had grabbed his robes and tugged him into the bedroom, shutting the door behind them more forcefully than absolutely necessary. "And now I'm ready," he added, no longer speaking about the secret society of purebloods into which Snape had been given a glimpse. Very carefully he began removing Severus' robe, then his shirt, making a show of being cautious with the lace and trim. A spot of lipstick on Severus' shoulder, most likely brushed there by Bellatrix's mouth while they were dancing, made him frown in faint disgust.

"Well? Did you enjoy it? Being inside a woman?"

"It was pleasant enough. She wasn't cruel." That earned him a sharp glance, as if Lucius felt that he was being compared to Bellatrix. "In truth? I did not particularly enjoy it. I don't want to do it again. Is that what you wanted to hear?"

"Well." Lucius' face had softened somewhat as he began to remove his own fancy party robes. "I suppose that if you want to see her again, it wouldn't do to stop you. We will all be expected to marry and produce pureblood children, whether we expect to enjoy it or not. You could certainly do worse than a Black -- Narcissa's own sister. It would make certain things easier." While he spoke, Severus searched his face. Earlier he'd accused Lucius of being jealous, though really he thought it was only that he was now considered Malfoy property, and Lucius did not like other people touching his belongings.

Was it possible that Lucius was jealous? Had things changed so much in so short a time? Severus thought that he might have put up with Bellatrix for a far longer time had he known what the effect would be. Catching his glance, Lucius smiled, again with a hint of condescension, as if he wanted to make it clear that he was pleased Severus was so quick to follow his suggestions. "I am so very glad I found you," he murmured, discarding the last of his clothes. "Imagine if our family lines were to cross. It isn't as if I could bear to have Nott as an in-law, or Goyle, and Lestrange has an inflated opinion of his status."

"My family is hardly so distinguished as the Goyles or the Lestranges."

"Perhaps not, but you have other assets. You're cleverer than they are. You're loyal without being a simpering lapdog." Lucius' fingers trailed down his face. "And you are mine, Severus. Your body, your spirit -- even when you make me angry, you always claim that you are only trying to do as I wish."

Snape felt his breath catch in his throat, turning his eyes away from the glittering blue ones facing him. Even tired, with wrinkles creasing his high forehead, Lucius Malfoy was the handsomest man he had ever seen. "Does that make me your love slave?" he asked with as much sarcasm as he could muster. Lucius' eyes widened, but after a moment he chuckled, nodding. "Actually I think I would prefer to avoid the word 'slave,' given how you treat your house-elves."

"Tsk," said Lucius, reaching over to pull Severus with him toward the bed. "Your eagerness pleases me very much. I know that attending a May Day dance was not your idea of a delightful evening, and I am prepared to reward you for your efforts."

"To...reward me?" For making a fool of himself on the dance floor? For fucking Bellatrix? Severus felt uncertain whether he was being mocked which he was certain had been Lucius' intention -- to keep him off-balance, to remind him of his place. As he watched, Lucius opened the hidden drawer beneath the bed and drew out a box of objects. They were all unfamiliar to Severus, yet it was apparent that they were all meant to be used for erotic stimulation. Lucius had become increasingly daring in his suggestions of late -- they had fucked on the lionskin rug in the parlor, even in Lucius' mother's bed, with Lucius' hands bound to the headboard. "When did you become so..."

"...kinky?" Lucius finished for him, wrapping his arms around Severus' waist and pressing close. "I could ask you the same thing, you know. You've become enthusiastic about things I would have expected you to balk at a few months ago. I've enjoyed discovering your...proclivities." His tongue moved along Severus' jaw. "Have I used the magic wand on you?"

"The magic wand?" Severus tried not to shiver as Lucius' tongue tickled him. It was evident that Lucius meant something other than their own wands, lying atop their clothing. "I...no...don't think you have."

"Ooh," smiled Lucius. "Even if I don't touch you with it, you'll feel it, deep inside. It vibrates, and it spins..." Severus felt his cock twitch into Lucius' hip. "Oh, dear, I've been terribly remiss with you." Lowering his head, Severus gave in to the urge to suck on one of Lucius' nipples, making Lucius sigh softly. "There's far too much I haven't tried with you. This remarkable device starts to move, and wriggle, and twist, and it shakes, just a little, when it's warm. The warmer it gets, the more it moves..."

Watching as Lucius trailed a hand up his leg, Severus felt his cock twitch. He was tempted to say that nothing could possibly feel as good as Lucius inside him when Lucius was fucking him slowly, touching him, hitting all the right spots, but he raised a curious eyebrow.

"We have what's left of the night...how many times do you think you could come?" Smiling again, Lucius leaned forward, pressing a kiss to Severus' belly. Severus remembered coming in Lucius' hand and then his mouth and then, after a brief rest, inside him, with Lucius pressed into a pulsating enchanted pillow. But he also remembered Lucius taking him so hard that he could not manage a second time that day. "I think I did manage to make you come four times in an afternoon once, I wonder what it would take to make it five..."

Teasingly, Lucius flicked his tongue over Severus' cock. Some time he wished Lucius would do this for hours -- leaning over with his hair falling across his thighs, kissing and stroking his cock, then drawing back and kissing and stroking his face, unhurried. As if he sensed the thought, Lucius murmured, "I need to send my parents away for several weeks...have you here, all to myself. For days..." Leaning over, he kissed Severus tenderly, his lips lingering. Severus' arms slid around his back, holding him there as he wondered what Lucius would say if he ever asked him to forego the toys and the restraints and to make love to him with only his voice, his words, promises he would never mean...but Lucius' mouth on his skin was irresistible, and fucking him so thrillingly dirty, it was more than enough distraction. Severus thought there were increasingly few secrets left between the two of them, but this was one worth keeping to himself. He arched up, straining to press against Lucius, who slipped an arm underneath him as he stretched out at his side.

"Tell me what you want," he whispered, "and I'll do it. Better than Bellatrix could. Better than anyone. You'll never need anyone but me."

"I want everything," Severus replied, before he realized that of course he was asking too much. "Whatever you said you wanted to try...I want that." Lucius grinned, kissed Severus again, then dug into the box, pulling out a rounded pink object about the width of his thumb and a jar of salve. Severus looked at the small object with some trepidation as Lucius tugged on it gently, making it expand in his fingers. He peered at Severus and grinned. "The best part? It will shape itself to you. And find that sweet spot inside you. I do love enchanted toys." Opening the jar, he applied oil liberally to the strange device, then moved to Severus' side. "Ready?"

"All right," Severus nodded, wishing that he could silence the tiny ache of doubt that never left him where Lucius was concerned. He wondered whether he would ever be able to trust Lucius completely...and whether he would disappear if he did, becoming entirely Lucius' creature.

"Don't look so nervous," Lucius soothed, and reached between Severus' legs to nudge the toy against his opening. "It won't hurt." Physical pain was not what Severus feared; Lucius had given him that on occasion, and it had always been manageable, sometimes even heightening the experience. He heard mocking laughter in memory, and nodded. The magic wand slipped almost effortlessly inside, and Lucius withdrew his hand, resting it on Severus' belly. He kissed his shoulder, then his neck, finally his lips. "Give it a moment," he whispered, lifting his head, watching Severus' face, waiting to see his reaction.

Severus felt the strange intrusion, more subtle than a finger or Lucius' cock. It moved within him less mechanically than the vibrations he expected from having seen similar toys in Muggle pornography -- some of the Slytherins at Hogwarts had had quite a collection of the forbidden material -- and he instinctively twitched upward. Heat like shame crept over his skin. He wished Lucius were not watching him so closely; he flinched, cock throbbing, as a hand rubbed over his belly.

"Just wait," Lucius whispered. "It gets so much better." Lowering his face, he nuzzled Severus' neck and reached down to stroke his cock. "I enjoy watching you so much," he whispered. "You try so hard not to be expressive, yet..." Groaning, Severus felt his cock leap against Lucius' palm at the same moment the thing inside him flared to life, touching him so perfectly that he thought for a moment he would come from that simple touch. An instant later it faded, leaving him trembling with pleasure and achingly hard. Nipping at Severus' earlobe, Lucius took his hand away. "See? That's good, isn't it?"

"It's...aah!" The feeling surged again, even more strongly without Lucius' hand on him to distract him. Severus felt drips of fluid spill out of his cock, and wondered both why it shamed him and why the shame itself was so arousing.

"Oh..." Leaning over, Lucius licked at Severus' belly. He glanced up at him and smiled. "I could do this with you for hours. It thrills me to see you like this." There were bright spots of color on Lucius' cheeks, and he tilted forward and licked Severus' cock. Severus' fingers clutched at Lucius' shoulder, digging in hard as the enchanted device set his nerves on fire at the moment Lucius' tongue touched him. His legs were trembling; he felt weak and vulnerable, and at the same time thrilled. "How fast does it..." He could not finish the sentence before the thing worked its magic again.

"It seems to be completely dependent on how aroused you are," Lucius replied, licking Severus again. "Oh, and you're just dripping." Lucius reached down and gave his own cock a squeeze. "Do you think you could come from this? I would love to see that..."

"I..." Severus' voice caught and rattled in his throat as the surges inside came faster and harder, overwhelming him. He was certain that he could, and would, come from this, untouched, like a boy who could not control himself...he had a flash of memory from Hogwarts, coming in his robes, untouched, while watching two other boys (Sirius Black and Remus Lupin, even though he pretended not to know because he couldn't see their faces), touching each other under the Quidditch stands, and he cried out in embarrassment and pleasure.

Lucius' other hand clenched into a fist around Severus', his nails digging into Severus' palm as he watched Severus' body taut with pleasure. He licked his lip and sat back on his heels, breath coming in short little gasps. "Severus," he whispered, "I want you to be only mine. I want to take you, over and over...and feel you fucking me until I scream. I want to lick our come from your skin."

Severus' eyes opened wide, and he opened his mouth to suck in a breath, but before he could think about speaking, even to ask whether Lucius had spoken or he had imagined it, his body was gripped by a red haze of ecstasy and he screamed, tearing at the bedcovers beneath his frantic hand. The spasms that pulsed through his cock and sent his come shooting over his skin hardly registered beside the great clutching ache inside him. He could feel Lucius staring, digging his teeth into his bottom lip as he watched. The older man gave Severus a brief moment before gently holding him down with a hand on his hip, reaching to remove the toy.

Severus wanted to cry out again as Lucius pulled the device from him, and could not say whether it was from relief or regret. He was shaking all over, tears leaking from his eyes. Lucius set the device aside, then, his hands gentle on Severus' side, leaned over his body and began to clean his skin with his tongue. He was desperately grateful, not only because he was always moved when Lucius showed him any affection, but also because he was terrified what he might say before his control returned. Swiping at his face, he slid a hand into Lucius' hair.

"That was fantastic," Lucius murmured against his skin, still licking traces of come from his lips. "It was just perfect. Just the way I imagined it would be." He moved along Severus' body and kissed his chest, licked his nipples, sucked his neck on the way up. "I think I..." Stopping, Lucius stared down at him. Though he wondered what Lucius had wanted to say, Severus did not trust his voice to ask. Instead he reached up and pulled him down, licking himself from Lucius' lips. Instinctively Lucius squirmed on top of him, hips seeking for something to press against. His hand groped blindly for the bed and the oil as he moaned, "Want you so much."

Still not trusting himself to speak, Severus nodded; he wondered if it would be painful to have Lucius inside him while he was so raw and sensitive, then thought that if it did hurt, he might be grateful to be brought back into his body so jarringly, perhaps stopping his shaking. When Lucius kissed him again, his hand shook. "Are you all right?" Lucius asked. "Do you want me to give you more time?"

"No -- no," Severus stammered. "Take...do...what you..." His lover hushed him, kissing him over and over, his arm slipping under Severus' back again. "It's just overwhelming," Severus managed. "That thing. And you, being with...I..." He blinked in horror, wondering how a sex toy could have affected his tongue. "Lucius, please..." He groaned, desperate to stop speaking.

"Shh..." Lucius kissed him again, then pulled back to slick his cock. "You have never looked so tempting." Reaching behind Severus, he grabbed one of the oversized pillows and shoved it under his hips. "Is this all right?"

"Yes...please, come here..." Severus rocked his hips upward, pulling Lucius forward to him. He wanted to kiss him, but wondered if he would be able to stop if he started. Lucius guided himself into his body, biting back a moan as he slowly slid in. He pulled out almost completely, then pushed forward again, again, until he was buried to the hilt. Doubled over Severus' body, he strained against him for a kiss. Severus could do nothing but move with Lucius, raising his head to meet his lips. "Your love slave," he thought with no irony, speaking the words without realizing it.

Lucius' fingers tangled in Severus' hair. "That's right, love..." he gasped, thrusting slowly.

"Lucius." Severus felt the name slip past his lips again and again, "Lucius," in between kisses, arching to impale himself on the cock pushing him open, "Lucius..."

"Oh --" Lucius shuddered, gasped, "Severus. Mine..." The burn was beginning inside again, different than it felt with the device touching him so perfectly. Pressing his cock upward against Lucius, though he didn't understand how he could be responding again so quickly and almost wishing he were not, Severus was sure it must have seemed like surrender, to be so needy, to be so completely owned. "I'm...Lucius...I..."

"Shhh...it's all right...I've got you," Lucius soothed, though his voice was thick, shaking. He shuddered, his hips finally starting to move in a faster, jerkier rhythm. "Let...let go...I can't keep..."

Severus was moving with him, crying out, digging his hands into the flesh of Lucius' back and the silky blond hair. "Lucius," he heard himself say. "I..." And suddenly he knew what he was about to tell him. He bit down on his lip so hard that it split and bled, the pain stopping him from speaking, but the thought was in his head, inescapable, pounding through his body as Lucius was pressing him.

He felt his lover gasp, shaking, in his arms, against his body. "Love," Lucius whimpered again, and quite suddenly it was over -- he shuddered, hips jerking, and came with a soft cry. Heat seared Severus, in his head, in his groin; there was a scream building in him, half pain, half excruciating pleasure, and usually he would have tried to hold it in, not to let Lucius witness such weakness in him, but he could not fight this; his head fell back and his throat ached with his cry.

Lucius lay on top of Severus, tremors still running through his body. "Oh, fuck," he whispered. For a few minutes it felt as though one of them had uttered a spell to freeze time. They hardly moved, hardly breathed.

Eventually, Severus felt the strain in his muscles overtake even his desire to lie still with Lucius, wrapped in his embrace. No amount of inward cursing could prevent his legs from falling to the mattress. "Tired," he muttered, not wanting to think, afraid to try to understand whatever had passed between them that night.

"Yes." Painfully Lucius lifted his head and slid to Severus' side, pulling up the covers, not even bothering to scourgify them or the bed. His arms went around Severus' waist, and he held on tightly, ordering the candles out with a charm. "Sleep now."

"Lucius..." But he did not dare say the words. Even if they were accepted, welcomed, they might be taken as a sign of complete surrender, and Severus did not dare risk that, not now, when so much was changing so quickly. Sighing, he leaned into the embrace, wondering whether there would ever be anyone else with whom he could want to share his bed, his body, or his pure blood.