It takes Sam almost five minutes to convince himself that Dean’s alive, and another five to make himself let go. He ignores his brother’s complaints that his back is getting sore (so what, Sam’s chest feels like someone just drove a semi into it), that they need to get moving (now that Vincent’s dead, Sam’s pretty sure they don’t have a time issue anymore), that Sam is a fucking girl who needs to grow a pair (Dean can call Sam whatever he wants, so long as he’s got the breath to do it). Finally, Dean gives up and rests his head against Sam’s shoulder. His breathing is erratic at first, but it’s already steadying when Sam finally lays him gently back down onto the floor.

Dean licks his lips, blinks, and then says, “I didn’t know we were having a barbeque.”

Sam panics for a moment, worried that something in Dean’s brain snapped, and then the smell hits him as well. He looks around and realizes that two of Vincent’s guards are smoking. A third is still on fire. The rest of the damage filters into his consciousness slowly, and although his skin feels feverish, he shivers.

“Can you move?” he asks, turning his back on the destruction.

Dean tries and manages to shift his arm a few inches before dropping it again. Sam’s chest aches more strongly and he scrubs at his suddenly burning eyes.

“Hey,” Dean says, fluttering his fingers against Sam’s thigh. “That was pretty good for someone who’s been mostly dead all day.”

Sam wants to think it’s a good sign that Dean’s making jokes, but it’s Dean, and he’d make jokes on his deathbed. Besides, it isn’t funny.

“Four minutes,” he croaks.

“What?” Dean says, confused.

“That’s how long you were dead. Four minutes.” Sam turns away before the first tears fall, busying himself with retrieving their things. His hands are shaking so violently that he drops the earpiece twice before he manages to get it in his ear, and he can’t manage the microphone at all.

“Close your eyes and count to ten,” Dean says softly from behind him.

Sam closes his eyes and all he can see is Dean. Dead. With piss on his pants and Vincent’s blood on his face and throat and chest and—

He opens his eyes and lets out a sharp breath. Stares down at his hands. Wills them to be steady. It takes a few seconds, but the shaking first subsides into tremors and then stops altogether.

He raises the microphone to his mouth and presses the button. “Ash?”

“Sam?” It isn’t Ash’s voice but Jo’s. “Sam, what happened? Ash started yelling that you were all dead, and then I tried to talk to you and no one was there, I—are you okay? Is Dean okay?”

“We’re fine. We ran into a snag, but we—we got through it.” Dean’s pale, lifeless face flashes through Sam’s mind again. That bloodied speck at the corner of one eye. He rubs his forehead, reminds himself to breathe, and then says, “Jo, I need to know how much time we have before we expect company.”

“Okay, hang on.”

“Is that Jo?” Dean asks from behind him, and Sam feels an unreasonable surge of jealousy. After what he went through the last hour or so, the pettiness of his own emotions makes him smile humorlessly.

“Yeah,” he answers, turning around and going back to sit down next to his brother. He shifts Dean’s body so that his brother’s head is pillowed on his thigh and rests one hand over Dean’s heart. Feels it beating—slow and limping, but there.

Without warning, Jo’s voice chirps back into his ear. “Okay, Ash says that about twenty minutes ago something happened to the system. It sort of went haywire and started shutting itself down.”

Sam does the math and comes to the conclusion that Dean wasn’t the only thing set to self-destruct if Vincent was forced into early retirement.

“The elevators look like they’ve been fried, and most of the security systems are malfunctioning. From the radio transmissions Ash intercepted, it’s pretty chaotic up top.”

“I need a number, Jo,” Sam says when she’s done. “One hour? Two?”

“Ash says longer for security personnel—maybe as much as ten—but he still doesn’t know what the operating system is going to do. It—”

Then Jo’s voice is gone and Ash babbles, “It’s a self-destruct sequence. He must have embedded the algorithms in the—ow!”

In the background, Sam can hear Jo snapping, “They don’t care how he did it, Ash, they want to know how long they have!”

“About twenty more minutes,” Ash says, and Sam is about to swear when he adds, “I can, uh, stop it. If you want.”

“Do it,” Sam tells him, and then immediately says, “Wait, can you—can you just delay it? Put the countdown on pause or something?”

“Yeah, I guess so,” Ash agrees slowly, “But I don’t see why I’d want to.”

Neither does Sam, but he still says, “Do that instead.”

“Why?”

Sam doesn’t know the answer, and his subconscious is falling all over itself trying to keep it that way, so he snaps, “Just do it, Ash.”

Dean touches his leg softly. When Sam looks down, his brother’s eyes are concerned. Like Sam is the one who flatlined less than half an hour ago. Blinking back another rush of tears, Sam catches Dean’s hand in his own.

“Done,” Ash announces. “So, uh, that makes it seven hours for sure. Until you could run into trouble.”

“Okay,” Sam whispers, and strokes his thumb along the edge of Dean’s hand. Clearing his throat, he says more strongly, “We need to regroup. I’ll let you know when we’re moving again.” He takes the earpiece out so that he won’t have to deal with the questions he’s sure Jo will have and tucks it into his pocket.

“We’re regrouping?” Dean asks.

“Yeah,” Sam tells him. “Do you know where the guest room is from here?”

Warily, Dean nods. “I can find it, but why—”

“You—I want to get you cleaned up.” Blood. Stench of urine. Dean dead.

Understanding dawns on Dean’s face, but he shakes his head. “We don’t have time, man.”

“Yeah, we do,” Sam corrects him, and then gets to his feet. Putting the case of Gleipnir on Dean’s stomach, he asks, “Can you hang onto that?”

Dean has to consider it for a moment, but he nods.

“Okay.” Sam casts one last glance at the other case—the one he felt was so important an hour ago for some lost, unknowable reason: the one that was smashed by a falling piece of the ceiling and is still sluggishly leaking its glowing red contents across the floor—and then crouches and scoops his arms under his brother. With a grunt of exertion, he manages to lift Dean and staggers upright. Things are a little better now that he’s standing, but Dean isn’t a small man. Sam really hopes that the guest suite isn’t too far away.

“This doesn’t make me the girl,” Dean mutters. Before Sam can respond, he adds, “Go back the way we came and turn right.”

Dean falls asleep twice on the way back to the guest suite. He seems to be getting worse instead of better: is more disoriented—weaker—every time Sam wakes him for directions. By the time the bodies of the guards Dean killed come into view, Sam’s arms are aching and he’s more than a little worried about his brother.

Hurrying his steps, he goes straight to the suite’s bathroom and sits Dean down against the wall next to an absurdly small shower. It seems out of place in the room, given the size of the tub and the gleaming gold fixtures, until Sam realizes that it’s nothing more than a set piece for some rich asshole’s fantasy. His skin crawls—he doesn’t want to be near the thing, let alone use it—but he doesn’t have much of a choice if he wants to get Dean cleaned up. Clenching his jaw, he leans in and turns on the water.

Dean makes a sleepy noise of protest as Sam pulls the Gleipnir free from his fingers and then subsides, head lolling limply to one side. Sam considers the bathroom counter for a moment and then decides that the case will be safer on a wider surface. It’s a stupid, irrational fear—if the thing survived getting chased through the drain by a hungry con rit, it’ll be fine if he accidentally knocks it onto the floor—but he still carries it out to the bedroom and lays it carefully on the center of the bed.

Better safe than sorry.

When he steps back into the bathroom, Dean is slumped over on the floor, one arm twisted awkwardly underneath him. At first glance, Sam can’t tell if his brother is still alive.

He almost trips over his own feet in his haste to get over to him. Dropping to his knees, he pulls Dean up into a sitting position and feels for a pulse. Dean’s eyes flutter open before he finds one, and at the sight of those disoriented, pale green irises, Sam’s whole body aches with relief.

“Oh thank God,” he breathes.

“’Ammy,” Dean mumbles, letting his eyes slip shut again.

“That’s right, man. I’m right here.” Sam’s voice doesn’t sound too shaky, despite the acrobatics his heart is doing in his chest right now. “Come on, gotta get you up.”

He hauls Dean to his feet, doing most of the work himself, and then leans his brother against the wall. With one hand on Dean’s shoulder and another on his hip, he holds him upright.

“Dean,” he says. “Hey, man.”

Dean’s head comes up and then lolls down again. “Whassit?” he slurs.

“Do you think you can stand on your own for a minute? I need to get you undressed.”

“Kay.”

Sam doesn’t trust the exhaustion in his brother’s voice, so he starts with Dean’s shirt, using his lower body to keep his brother more or less in place as he gets the torn fabric off. Then he steps back, one hand low on Dean’s stomach.

“I’m gonna let go now, okay? You ready?”

“Ready,” Dean repeats, and his eyes are open, so Sam carefully lifts his hand. Dean stays where he is and Sam’s chest loosens a little.

“Okay, good,” he says, and then starts undoing his brother’s pants.

Dean blearily watches as Sam opening his belt and lowers the zipper on his jeans and then his eyes snap wide. He starts struggling, pushing at Sam’s hands and trying to move away from the wall. Sam catches Dean as his legs give out and he falls. Dean immediately starts trying to hit him, weak as a baby and trembling.

“No,” Dean moans. “No, don’t.”

“Dean,” Sam calls. “Dean, it’s me, okay? It’s Sam. It’s Sammy.”

Gradually, Dean’s struggles slow and his eyes clear. “Sam?”

“Yeah, man,” Sam says, and Dean relaxes in his arms. Now that he doesn’t have to worry about accidentally dropping his brother, Sam shifts his hold so that his arms won’t seem so confining.

“I’m not going to do anything,” he promises. “I just want to get you cleaned up, all right? Hear the shower? You can’t go in with your clothes on, okay?”

Deans head swings toward the sound of falling water. Frowning, he squints at it as though he’s having trouble seeing. Or maybe it’s just the comprehending part that his brain is having trouble with.

Sam can’t keep himself from lifting his left hand to the side of his brother’s face. He touches Dean’s temple, his cheekbone, the corner of his jaw: hummingbird-light brushes that he isn’t sure Dean even feels.

“Dean,” he says, strengthening the touch as he rakes his fingers through his brother’s hair.

Dean shuts his eyes again and mutters, “Kay.”

Sam still isn’t sure Dean understands what they’re doing, but he reaches for his brother’s pants again anyway. Dean goes stiff against the wall, but he doesn’t try to fight this time, and he does his best to help when Sam asks him to lift his legs so he can get the jeans the rest of the way off.

After tossing the jeans across the bathroom after Dean’s shoes and socks, Sam pushes back to his feet. He debates stripping down himself—he isn’t at his freshest either—and then decides that it isn’t a good idea. He’s never been less interested in sex, but his brother is too out of it right now to understand that. If Dean gets confused again, he’s going to be left with the knowledge that he’s naked, with a man’s naked body behind him and a man’s arm holding him up, and things aren’t going to go well.

Even without a lip on the shower stall, it takes a few tries to get Dean under the spray while keeping him on his feet. Once he’s there, though, Dean relaxes against Sam’s chest without any sign of concern. Sam wraps one arm around his brother’s stomach and reaches for a bottle of shampoo. It smells like honey, and works up to a thick lather in moments. Keeping his eyes closed, Dean moves his head where Sam tells him to, and gradually the blood caked on his brother’s hair is washed away.

A little more maneuvering is necessary to get soap on the oversized sponge hanging next to the shampoo alcove. It’d be easier to accomplish if Sam had two hands to work with, but he doesn’t want to risk letting Dean go in here even for a moment. He wonders if this is how his brother felt during that long ago shared shower: if Dean’s chest was so tight it was difficult to breathe, if he kept getting flashes of Sam slipping and cracking his head open on the handle or the side of the stall.

You’re not gonna drop him, he tells himself sternly as he adjusts his grip on the sponge. Then, nudging Dean with one shoulder, he says, “I’m gonna wash your neck and chest now, okay? Dean?”

When Dean still doesn’t respond, Sam cranes his neck and finds that his brother’s features are lax: his lips slightly parted. He lets Dean sleep while he washes his body—easier than dealing with possible flashbacks—and then rouses him enough to get some help moving from the shower to the bed. Elbowing the case of Gleipnir aside, he lays Dean down on his back. Water immediately soaks into the bedspread, probably ruining the expensive fabric, but Sam couldn’t care less.

Dean is already asleep again by the time Sam straightens, and Sam leaves him that way while he hurries to fetch one of the oversized towels hanging in the bathroom. He dries Dean quickly but carefully, trying not to rouse him just yet. He’s wrapping his brother’s thigh in thick folds of the towel when he feels Dean’s muscles twitch beneath his hands. Still loosely holding his brother's leg, Sam glances up at Dean's face and finds his brother looking at him with glazed eyes.

“Hey, man,” Sam says softly, not sure if he should back off or not.

Dean looks at him for a moment longer and then flops his head to one side and shuts his eyes. A few seconds later, his breathing evens out again and sleep leaves him limp.

Sam bites his lip—this dropping in and out of consciousness thing can’t be a good sign—but he takes advantage of Dean’s unconsciousness to finish toweling him dry and then works his unresisting limbs into a pair of sweatpants and a worn t-shirt that he finds in the dresser.

There are plenty of clothes in those top three drawers (although if Sam never has to think about what he found in drawer number four, it’ll be too soon), and he only hesitates for a second before shucking off the soaked, ruined remnants of his suit and pulling on some new clothes of his own. The shirt’s a little tight across the chest, and the sweatpants are too short on him, but they’re still better than what’s left of Bela’s thousand-dollar suit. Besides, this is a rescue, not a beauty pageant.

When he returns to the bed, Dean is curled up into a ball: knees drawn up to his chest and head tucked in. Sam puts a hand on his brother’s shoulder and shakes him roughly.

“Dean,” he says.

Cracking his eyes open, Dean twists his head around. “Sammy? Wassamatter?”

“I need you to focus, man,” Sam tells him. “Do you remember where you are?”

Dean blinks around at the room, looking for clues, and then his face stiffens. “Arena.”

“Do you remember what happened?”

Dean lifts a slow, shaking hand to his head. “We were—we were leaving. You came for me and we were—we went—why are we back?”

Sam sympathizes with the bewildered hurt in his brother’s voice. Everything they went through and now they’re right back where they started. No, he reminds himself sternly. Not ‘right back’. We have the Gleipnir.

“You were hurt,” he presses, sitting down on the edge of the bed next to his brother. “Do you remember?”

“Yeah,” Dean breathes. Despite his exhaustion, he manages to look cross. “I’m sick of getting electrocuted. Next time it’s your turn.”

Sam’s lips twitch, but he’s too concerned to manage a full smile. Laying his right hand on his brother’s forehead, he says, “You seemed okay for a while, but now you keep falling asleep, and you’re disoriented.”

Dean frowns briefly and then his expression clears. “Sorry, ‘s my fault. It’s normal.”

“What do you mean, it’s your fault and it’s normal?”

“When I—the healing thing, if I’m hurt bad, it takes a lot of energy. So I sleep. And I—my brain doesn’t work so hot, and no jokes about that being normal.”

The fear knotting Sam’s chest eases but doesn’t relax completely. “You were fine at first,” he points out.

“Cause I was fighting it.” Yawning, Dean slowly uncurls his body so that he’s lying flat on his back again. “Knew we needed to get going,” he adds. “But you—never could keep my guard up around you.”

Which is funny, since Sam doesn’t think he ever really saw Dean with his guard down before tonight.

“I’ll stop,” Dean announces, blinking and trying to sit up. It’s pathetically easy for Sam to hold him down with nothing more than a hand on his forehead.

“Hang on,” he orders.

Dean gives him a stubborn glare, but in the end he has no chance of winning and he knows it. Grumbling under his breath, he subsides. When Sam is sure Dean isn’t going to try moving at the first opportunity, he shifts his hand down from Dean’s forehead to his throat and presses two fingers against his brother’s pulse. The beat is still a little erratic, but it’s noticeably stronger than the last time Sam checked.

Dean’s damaged heart healing itself while he lies there.

Nebraska all over again.

“We have six more hours,” Sam says. “We’ll wait.”

“Gonna take longer than that,” Dean argues, wrapping his hand around Sam’s wrist and pushing it away. “You don’t have to carry me anymore. This is good enough.” He sits up slowly, and it’s obvious from his wince that his entire body aches.

Sam wants to pull rank—or, well, use his larger size and greater (right now, anyway) strength to make Dean rest a little longer, but he realizes that he doesn’t have the right. He may be worried about his brother, but Dean is desperate to get out of here. A short stairwell, a couple of hallways, and they’ll be home free. Then Dean can pass out for as long as he needs.

“We’ll go slow,” Sam says, “And any tightness in your chest, or shortness of breath, and we’re stopping to rest. That’s not negotiable.”

Tugging his t-shirt down a little lower over his sweats, Dean mumbles, “Whatever.”

“I’m serious, Dean. I’m not going through that again.”

Dean stares at his own hands and doesn’t answer.

“Dean.”

“You can’t save me, Sam,” Dean says finally, and Sam knows that his brother is thinking about Bobby, and the wolf, and the fact that they have less than a month’s supply of Gleipnir.

Sam wasn’t planning on letting Dean go anywhere even before he died in Sam’s arms in the hallway. And now?

Sam’s pretty sure he’d rip Heaven itself apart to get his brother back.

“Watch me,” he says, and hauls Dean up to his feet.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
The stairs are tricky. Dean keeps tripping and almost falling, even with Sam’s arm around his waist, and he refuses to let Sam carry him. The third time he almost goes over—which is consequently on the third step down—Sam loses his patience and sweeps Dean up anyway, tossing him in a fireman’s carry over one shoulder and ignoring his shout of protest. The motion is awkward with the Gleipnir in one hand, but he manages fine.

“Dude! Put me down! I’m not a goddamned damsel in distress!” He twists and somehow manages to smack the back of Sam’s head.

“Ow! Damn it, Dean, I’ll put you down when we get to the bottom.”

“You’ll do it now or I’ll kick your ass,” Dean counters.

Sam refrains from pointing out that, wolf or not, the only way that Dean would be able to take down a ten year old girl right now would be to fall on top of her. Instead, he grates out, “You just got electrocuted: you want a broken leg on top of that?”

“I can walk fine.”

“Oh, for crying out—fine.” Sam stops and puts Dean back on his feet, them moves away and leaves him clinging to the railing. “You wanna walk, go ahead.”

Dean glares at him sullenly and doesn’t move. They both know it’s taking all of his energy just to stay upright.

Sam nods grimly. “Yeah, that’s what I thought.” He moves in and when he picks Dean up again, the only complaint he gets is a grunt and a, “Careful with the merchandize.”

They make it to the twelfth floor without any further incident, and Sam puts his brother down—more gently this time. “Anyone ever tell you you were a stubborn asshole?” he asks as Dean loops one arm around his shoulders again.

“Anyone ever tell you you were an annoying bitch?” Dean mutters back.

Sam huffs in wry amusement as he opens the stairwell door and brings them through. They’re on the opposite side of the floor from where they want to be: standing in Dean’s own personal gymnasium. The walls have been covered with a mural of some far northern forest: all pines and dirt. Vincent might have done it as an attempt to make Dean more comfortable here, but from what Sam knows of the man he doesn’t think that’s very likely. No, he’s pretty sure that this mural is here for the same reason that the flat screen with the live feed of the Arena’s grounds is on the wall in the guest suite bedroom.

To remind Dean of what he’s never going to have again.

Although in this case, Sam’s pretty sure that Vincent would have gotten more of a reaction if he’d decorated the walls with fast food signs. Dean’s never been a huge fan of the great outdoors.

Sure enough, Dean looks around with a weary sigh and says, “Fucking trees.”

Hiding a grin, Sam scans the walls for their destination and then asks, “Where’s the door?”

“Far wall to the left,” Dean answers.

Now that his brother has pointed it out, Sam can make out the thin lines running through the mural: the painted protrusion of a handle. Getting a better grip on Dean’s waist, he starts forward again.

“There are gonna be demons on the other side,” Dean points out.

“They’ll still be locked in, and I’m not planning on letting them out,” Sam says, skirting around a weight bench. “Are you?”

“Hell no,” Dean scoffs, and then grins at him weakly. “See how I did that?”

“I’ll appreciate your wit later, Dean. Right now I just want to get out of here.”

“Amen to that,” Dean grunts, and then Sam opens the door.

The hall on the other side is ocher, with grey metal doors set at even intervals. The doors are fitted with sliding windows—all of them shut at the moment—and marked with red paint. Sam brings them to a pause by the first door and studies the symbol. It looks strangely familiar.

“Dude, come on. It fucking reeks down here.” Dean’s breath is coming a little labored: probably from the scent of trapped demons oozing out from all sides and clogging his throat. Sam should get them moving again, but he’s almost figured out why …

“They’re modified devil’s traps,” he blurts, surprised.

“Sam.”

“Yeah, okay,” Sam agrees reluctantly. He feels … weird. Kind of like he’s moving through molasses. It takes him a few steps to realize where that sensation is coming from: that it isn’t anything external, but the darkness inside of him waking up again in slow pulses. So many demons so close: after what happened in the Arena tonight, he should have known he’d be affected.

Drawing up short, Sam raises the hand he’s holding the case of Gleipnir with to his forehead. He can sense Dean’s flaring concern even before his brother grips his shoulder with his free hand.

“Sammy?”

“I’m fine. I just need to … regroup …” Sam’s words trail off into an absent mutter as he concentrates on stuffing the power as far down as he can get it. He’s done using it. Sure, it saved Dean’s life, but then it tried to kill him again.

“You have to do that here?” Dean says incredulously. He could mean the hallway, but even through his distraction Sam can tell that he doesn’t.

Lowering his hand, he looks around. “Why, what’s he—wait, is that—” He touches the symbol on the door they stopped next to with his knuckles. It has the same basic design as the others, but where they’re surrounded by the normal mystical symbols from the Lesser Key of Solomon, this one is bounded by runes.

“It’s a devil’s trap,” Sam says. “Written in Elder Futhark.”

“Gee, ya think?” Dean mutters, and tugs at him.

“This was your room.”

Sam’s vision darkens with the realization. He wants to use the power badly enough that he can taste it at the back of his throat like heat. He wouldn’t have to touch it for long—just for a second, just long enough to rip the door from its hinges and fold the walls in on themselves. The darkness stretches inside of him, hungry and eager.

Then Sam thinks about the bolt of lightning that shot out from his hands and ignited the wall—the bolt meant for Dean—and turns his back on the impulse. Lowering his hand to his side, he asks, “Does it work?”

“Jesus Christ, Sam,” Dean groans, which isn’t an answer.

He doesn’t really need Dean to tell him, though. He already knows that it works just fine. The same way that the original devil’s traps are designed to detect and hold demonic spirits in human bodies, this one is designed to trap animal spirits. Vincent really did think of everything.

Clearing his throat, Sam looks away from the modified trap and says, “Okay, let’s go.”

“Fucking finally,” Dean grumbles.

He’s still complaining about idiots who stop in the middle of jailbreaks to poke at the mystical symbols when they round the first corner. His head is down, watching where he’s putting his feet, so he keeps talking for a second after Sam comes to a horrified halt. Then he figures out something’s wrong, and looks up, and goes rigid.

Demons. Fifty-odd demons lining the hall and staring at them both with oily black eyes. The doors in this corridor are still gaping open a little, and Sam understands in a flash that Vincent must have set them to unlock with his death.

After all, what better way to compliment a self-destruct sequence than to unleash your own personal piece of Hell?

The doors in the first corridor were probably open as well, but the demons shut them again. They shut them because they sensed Sam coming with Dean, and wanted to lure them into an ambush. Dean had smelled them, of course, but he hadn’t thought anything of it because their reek was already all over the place down here.

“Meat mongrel,” one of the nearer demons hisses, breaking the silence. “Come play.”

Dean flinches closer to Sam, his breath suddenly coming harsh and shallow.

“Stay back,” Sam snaps. His words don’t have any force—there’s no power behind them: he can’t risk it—but the demons don’t seem to be in a hurry anyway.

“Come on, Samuel,” a tanned man calls. “Give us the killer …”

“ … the whore …” comes an echo from further down the line.

“ … the animal …” a third demon adds.

“We’ll take good care of him,” yet another leering voice promises.

Dean, too weak to do more than cling to Sam, makes a despairing sound at the back of his throat.

“Better yet, play with us,” the demon closest to them suggests. “You know you want to …”

“… fuck him …”

“… use him ….”

“You don’t have to kill him,” the first demon adds. “We could break him in for you. He’d make a good little pet …”

“… slave …”

“… whore …”

The soft, frightened noise that Dean is making sharpens into a panicked whine and Sam tightens his grip on his brother. Tilting his head to the side while keeping his eyes on the demons, he whispers fiercely, “They’re not taking you.”

“It’s too dangerous to live,” a demon wearing a toned, Arabic body snarls. “Rip it apart, bathe in its blood!”

“… kill it …”

“… destroy the meat mongrel …”

“… too dangerous …”

“… killer …”

They’re working themselves up to it: still afraid of either Dean or Sam or maybe both, but that won’t last. One of the closer demons shuffles forward a little, black eyes filled with hunger, and licks its lips.

“Take turns,” it says. “Everyone gets a piece.”

“Oh God,” Dean breathes against Sam’s chest, and then he’s begging in a rough, damned voice, “Kill me—shoot me—don’t let them—”

He strains to reach the gun tucked in the waistband of Sam’s sweats so he can do the job himself, and Sam. Just. Can’t.

“No!” he shouts, and grips the power with both hands, hauling it close. He can control this, he can take care of the demons, not hurt Dean. He can.

“Die,” he commands, sweeping his eyes over the demons. “All of you.”

The room rocks, walls cracking and ceiling flickering with fire, as an explosion of sulfur chokes the air. Black clouds circle violently and then shred with jagged, yellow tears before raining down onto the floor in a thick sludge. There’s a scream like nails on the underside of a coffin and Sam feels something pop inside of his right ear. Blood, warm and wet, trickles out.

“Sam,” someone is whispering, and “Sammy,” but he can’t see through the cloud, through the pain in his head, through the hateragefurykill pounding through him, and he doesn’t know who this ‘Sam’ is anyway. Has more important things to think about.

The meat mongrel isn’t just close but pressed up against him, so vulnerable and fucking tempting. Trembling.

He doesn’t know what he wants to do to it first. So many red delights, such a frail body to work with. Then the mind: taunt it, hurt it, degrade it until there’s nothing left but a blank-eyed stare and then, finally, end the thing’s pitiful existence.

No, a tiny, almost inaudible voice whispers through the maelstrom. Don’t. Dean.

But the voice is ripped away, lost and drowned and gone for good. Fanfuckingtastic, now he can concentrate, he can get to work.

He’s going to start by breaking the meat mongrel’s legs: it’s weak, but there’s still a chance it will find some energy reserves and try to run. He could catch it easily, of course, but he’s itching to get to the good stuff already, none of that cat and mouse crap. So: break the legs—wrists too, maybe, so it can’t crawl off when his back is turned—and then he’ll strip it, unveiling all of that smooth, unmarked skin. That beautiful empty canvas.

He’s going to paint a masterpiece.

“Sam,” that voice that isn’t coming from inside of him says again, and then the meat mongrel is kissing him, and crying, and something in Sam’s—Sam, I’m Sam—head clicks and it’s Dean kissing him—Dean, his brother: Dean, who he loves.

Kill it, the darkness roars, and Sam quakes with its rage. Kill it now.

No, he thinks back. No, I won’t.

The darkness snarls, ripping at him, and he pushes against it. He reaches into something that feels like fire and smoke and flaking, charred flesh and wrestles it down. It’s like trying to stuff a whirlwind into a bottle, and he can feel his strength fading as he fights. He isn’t going to make it: he’s going to lose himself again and torturemaimrapekill Dean.

Then there’s a jarring snap that tosses him free and he’s falling …

…falling…

…falling…

Gone.