The Great Hall was ready for feasting, endless tables lining the walls, groaning under the weight of platters piled high. Piled so high, in fact, that Merlin was having trouble finding somewhere to put the basket of bread he'd been sent up from the kitchen with.

"You could move the cheese over to the left a bit," suggested Gwen.

"What about the ham?"

"The ham shouldn't be there, it should be up here between the cheese and the fruit."

"Why?"

Gwen blinked at him. "It just… should. We always put it in the same pattern: meat, then fruit, then cheese, then bread, then the wine every second plate. That way everyone can reach everything, wherever they're sitting. Or standing."

"Really?" Merlin stared at the table and noticed that it was just as Gwen had described - apart from a few rogue items, and those were the ones he'd put down.

"You only just noticed?" Gwen sounded astonished, but she was giving Merlin one of those lopsided smiles that he couldn't help but return.

Merlin shrugged. "I just put it wherever. I never thought about it, really."

"And none of the other servants said anything to you about it, in all the time you've been working here?"

"Well, no… except… oh."

"Yes?"

"They talked about the food order. I thought they meant whatever Uther had asked for. You know, this does make a lot more sense."

"Better late than never," Gwen said, giving Merlin a little pat on the shoulder.

Merlin sheepishly put his basket of bread down where Gwen had suggested, and passed her the ham.

"Well, I suppose I should go and get his highness's bath ready," Merlin said. "He'll be back from hunting soon."

"I'm surprised he didn't take you with him."

"Someone has to heat his bathwater," said Merlin cheerfully. "Besides, it's a Knight thing, today. I think they're celebrating their manliness or something."

"Yes," said Gwen, wrinkling her nose. "I can see how you wouldn't want anything to do with that."

Merlin raised an eyebrow.

"No! I didn't mean…. Not that you aren't manly! It's just… you wouldn't want to kill things. I mean, I'm sure you could if you wanted to, just that… well, you're not interested."

"No," said Merlin, thoughts of Morgana and Leon flitting unbidden into his mind. "I'm not."

*

Arthur was clean and dry and dressed in new breeches, a particularly fine brocade shirt and a deep red jacket of suede as soft as butter. He fiddled with his cuffs while Merlin gave his shoulders a final brush, and deemed his Prince ready for the feast.

"You can have the morning off tomorrow, Merlin," Arthur said. "I will be sleeping in."

"Planning on getting drunk, then?"

"Moderately, yes. It is my birthday after all."

"And that's different from any other feast….?"

"Not at all, I hope. It's what feasts are for, Merlin. If you weren't such a lightweight-"

"Some of us have to work, you know. You wouldn't want me spilling the soup in your lap, would you?"

"Like you did last Wednesday, you mean?"

"That was an accident. And it was a tiny drop."

It was practically a bowlful! You really are the most rubbish servant."

"Teaspoon full at the most," Merlin muttered under his breath.

"I beg your pardon?"

"Nothing." Merlin gave Arthur's collar a final tweak. "There. All ready."

Merlin stepped back to take a proper look at Arthur in his birthday finery, and allowed himself a moment of pride. Arthur looked amazingly handsome: his clothes were perfect and his hair shone golden in the candlelight, still damp and a little fluffy from the bath.

Merlin realised he was grinning, and for once Arthur smiled back, just briefly before he nodded and turned towards the door.

"Just a minute!" Merlin fumbled in his pocket, long fingers finally closing around the small package there. "Before you go…"

"Yes, Merlin?"

"I've got something for you," Merlin blurted out, dragging the package from his pocket with some difficulty before depositing it in Arthur's hand. "It's not much. I mean, it's, not like, but I…. um, happy birthday, Arthur."

Arthur looked down at the gift in astonishment. "Merlin, you're my servant. You don't have to-"

"I know, it's not, I just… look it's no big deal, okay?"

Arthur tugged the string undone, and let the paper fall away to reveal the book inside. He darted a look at Merlin; his eyes were soft and surprised. "This-"

"The pedlar I bought it from said it might be useful for you and the knights or something," Merlin babbled. "I don't know, if it's no good or you've already got it you could-"

"It's brilliant," Arthur said, smiling broadly. "Do you know who Vegetius was?"

"Some bloke who won battles?"

"He was one of the greatest military minds of the Roman army. This is one of his training manuals. They're very rare. It is… it's splendid, Merlin. But it must have cost a fortune, how on earth did you afford it?"

"I did some favours, and, d'you know, I don't think he knew how much it was worth, and…. it's all right. Really. It's nothing. I wanted you to have it."

Merlin's voice tailed off as caught Arthur's eye. They looked at each other for what felt like a very long time - too long, probably - until Arthur looked away, fighting his usual battle with his emotions, while Merlin felt stupidly shy and happy and pleased with himself.

Arthur clasped Merlin on the shoulder, and said, "Thank you, Merlin. You're a good friend."

Merlin shrugged, still grinning, and looked at the floor. "Go on," he muttered. "You don't want to be late for the feast."

Arthur patted Merlin's shoulder and went on his way. Merlin couldn't help notice that he had slipped the book into his jacket pocket, and that made Merlin so pleased it was ridiculous.

Merlin locked Arthur's quarters carefully after them, and followed his Prince down to the feast.

*

It was a strange evening, all in all. The appearance of festivity was there: food, wine, music, Lady Tamsin having a fainting fit after consuming one too many truffles. But the decorations couldn't cover the scorch marks that marred the far wall of the Great Hall; the fire in the hearth couldn't quite block the draught from the crack in the south window. There were so many people missing. Servants, knights, courtiers, all killed or injured by the dragon and, as if that wasn't enough, Morgana's chair stood painfully empty at her guardian's side. Uther ate little and drank constantly. Arthur spent most of the evening surrounded by his knights, and while they were jovial enough, it was a far cry from the bright, glittering feast-days Merlin remembered from when he first came to Camelot.

Leon arrived late; pale and with the harsh, persistent cough that cut through Merlin like a knife and made the knot in his stomach clench. When Leon sat in his place at Arthur's side, Merlin was quick to fill his goblet with warm spiced wine. Leon smiled gratefully and thanked him, draining it in one go before holding it out for a refill.

Merlin usually enjoyed a party as much as any young man in Camelot, even if he was only there as a servant, but this time he was glad when midnight arrived and the servants were dismissed. He declined invitations to continue the party downstairs, said his goodnights quickly and hurried back to his room.

"You're early," Gaius said, looking up from the enormous ledger where he was, as usual, recording the results from the day's experiments.

"Arthur said he wouldn't need me 'til tomorrow."

"Ah. Carousing with the knights?"

"Yeah. I suppose."

Gaius took off his spectacles, folded them neatly and rested them on his book. "Is everything alright, Merlin?"

"I don't know. It's all changed. I miss how it used to be, sometimes."

"Morgana?"

"Yeah, but not just that. It's everything."

"You can't change the past, Merlin. Don't ever forget, whatever else happened, you saved Camelot. You saved us all."

"No, that's just it. Not all of us. Not everyone, Gaius." Merlin's throat choked up; he slumped onto a stool by Gaius's desk and rubbed at the ache in his temples. Too many late nights and early mornings.

Gaius squeezed his hand. "You did your best."

"I know," said Merlin in a small voice.

"Would you like some warm milk? I was about to make some for myself."

"Yes, please."

Merlin watched Gaius as he set a small pan of milk on the stove and added one of the little bundle of herbs and spices he kept handy.

"The people who were injured by dragon breath," Merlin said. " Like Leon. I think I might be able to help them."

Gaius turned from the stove, concerned. "How? Dragons are magical creatures, Merlin, the damage they do can't be healed by normal medicine, unless it's broken bones. Flame damage simply refuses to respond to any known cure."

"But they can be cured by magic."

"Theoretically, yes. But even if the risk of practising magic in Camelot wasn't so great, there's no spell I know of that's powerful enough to work."

Merlin hesitated for a moment, chewing on his lower lip, then said, "I might have found a way."

"How?" asked Gaius. His voice was laden with potential disapproval, confirming Merlin's fear and every reason he'd had for hiding the scroll under his bed and keeping quiet about his adventures at the book stall. He took a deep breath.

"I found something at the bookseller's the other day. It talks about a cure."

"A magical cure?"

Merlin nodded. "There's parts of it I don't understand, but I think it's a recipe for a potion."

"Well, what are you waiting for?"

"It's magic. I didn't think you'd approve."

"Merlin, for goodness' sake. When did it make any difference to you whether I approved of anything?"

For a second Merlin thought he might be angry, but then he caught the twinkle in Gaius's eye and suddenly things felt so much better.

"I'll go and get the scroll," he said, and rushed off to his room.

*

"The thing I don't understand," Merlin said, "is this section here. I don't even recognise the language."

Gaius traced the words with his index finger. "Hmm. I think it might be some kind of code. Pass me that book on the top shelf by the powdered sheep droppings, would you?"

Merlin wondered when he'd got used to living with jars that contained the sort of things his mother spent a good deal of time keeping out of the house, and fetched Gaius the book. Gaius flipped quickly to the page he wanted and smoothed down the spine so he could sit it and the scroll side by side on the desk.

"Let me see," Gaius said, tracing the words with his index finger, first on the scroll and then in the book. "Yes, that's it. It's quite simple when you have the key."

Merlin was fascinated to know what the code was and how Gaius could break it so easily, but that would have to wait. "What do I have to do?" he asked, urgently.

"It describes the making of a potion from the this list of things here. It says 'the ingredients above must be combined with the outpourings of the Fiadhaich tree."

"Outpourings? What do trees pour out?"

"I'm not exactly sure."

"And what's a Fiadhaich?"

"It's a species of wild Rowan, I believe. I did hear a rumour of one growing in the ruins of the old fort at Neath, but apart from that…."

"Alright, we have a rumour of a tree that might pour out something or other. Where's Neath, anyway?"

"It's about two or three days' ride to the North."

"Great. What else does it say?"

"When you get the outpourings… ah, sap! Of course, it means sap!"

"That makes more sense."

"Yes, I'm sorry, the words are quite old, even for me. It's not easy to translate." Gaius's lips moved silently as he worked through the next passage. "I see," he said eventually. "You take the sap and combine it with some crushed bark from the main trunk of the tree - it has to be from the trunk, not any subsidiary branches - and grind it to a paste with the rest of the ingredients. Nothing spectacular: sticky-backed toad, chamomile, toenail of stoat, the usual… oh, and lavender water! Well, that's different."

Gaius looked shocked. "What's wrong with lavender water?"

"Nothing, nothing," Gaius said, sparing the scroll a disapproving stare. "It's just unusual, that's all."

Merlin would have loved to know what was so unusual about it, but he knew all too well that probing too hard into Gaius's opinions and thought processes could take a very long time. "What next?" he asked.

"Ah, then you bring it to life with this spell here." Gaius tapped the scroll, and Merlin peered over his shoulder.

"I understand the spell," Merlin said, softly. It was written in the dragon tongue, the language he'd used to tame Kilgara. "What about this bit?" He pointed to a passage underneath the spell, again in code.

"'The dragon's curse can only be lifted by a Dragonlord.' Well, that's handy."

"I suppose. What do I have to do?"

"From what I can see you don't have to do anything. It simply has to be you who makes the potion and gives it to the victims."

"Oh. That sounds simple, then."

"I wouldn't be so sure. You've got to find the tree first. The Neath isn't easy to get to."

"Let me guess. Bandits, monsters, foreign armies?"

"Well… yes, essentially."

"Nothing I can't blast out of existence, then. It'll be fine."

"Merlin, you must be careful! You can't always rely on magic to save your skin."

"Tell me about it," said Merlin, and went to pack a bag.

*

"I thought I told you not to bother me before lunch?" Arthur squinted painfully at the daylight Merlin had just let into his room.

"Lunchtime was an hour ago. Are you hungry?"

Arthur considered this for a moment. "Yes."

"Good. There's a tray of food over here. Are you getting up or do you want it in bed?"

"Here. No, wait, I should get up. But I-"

Merlin shoved the tray under Arthur's nose. "I'll get your bath ready."

"Don't make it too hot. Or too cold."

Merlin rolled his eyes and went to fetch the tub.

Arthur slowly came to terms with the day he'd woken into. By the time he was in the bath he could keep both eyes open in the daylight and had acquired a pink glow to his cheeks that made him look a good deal healthier. Merlin dutifully scrubbed Arthur's back and shoulders, washed his hair (he always missed bits if he did it himself) and listened to him complain about ridiculous things, such as the way his eyes stung when Merlin got soap in them, or how Merlin had splashed water on the drying cloth, or how Merlin had no idea what the words 'relaxing soak' meant.

Merlin ignored him and hummed softly to himself as he rinsed the suds from Arthur's hair. Then he started to clear up Arthur's room while Arthur splashed about, washing the parts of himself Merlin rarely dared to think about, never mind touch with a bar of soap.

"I was wondering," Merlin said, shoving Arthur's discarded party clothes into the laundry basket. "Will you need me much over the next few days?"

"It depends what you mean by 'need', Merlin. If you mean will my life grind to a halt without you, then no. If you mean will I need someone to bring me food and keep things clean, then yes."

"Oh, good. You could get someone else to do those things for you, then."

"Could I now?" Arthur stood up, naked and glorious, water pouring from his golden skin.

"I should think," Merlin said, keeping his eyes determinedly fixed on Arthur's left nipple. (Anywhere else would be rude and looking Arthur in the eyes carried the risk of giving any one of a million things away that Merlin wanted to keep secret at that moment.)

"You could be right. Who knows, I might actually get my needs attended to for once."

Merlin's gaze slipped south for just a second; it was too tempting to consider exactly what needs a naked Arthur might have, and Merlin, to his utmost shame and confusion, could imagine being extremely enthusiastic about meeting those needs.

"The drying-cloth, Merlin?" Arthur said. "Is that too much to interrupt your daydreams for?"

"What? No! No, of course not!" Merlin plucked the drying cloth Arthur had left by the fire and held it out. "Here."

Arthur snatched the cloth from him, and twitched it around his waist. He stepped out of the bath, shaking his head, spraying water droplets like a dog fresh out of the river.

"Hey!" Merlin wiped a splash from his cheek.

Arthur grinned at him. Merlin couldn't help but grin back. Arthur being playful was a glorious combination of irritating and amusing that Merlin rather liked.

"So you want some time off?" Arthur asked.

"If that's alright," Merlin said. "Gaius needs some ingredients for a new potion he's working on and he can't find them in Camelot."

"When do you want to go?"

"I was thinking of leaving tonight. It shouldn't take more than a few days."

"And where are you going?"

"Somewhere to the North, I'm not quite sure…"

"You're going alone?"

"It's perfectly safe, I mean, Gaius wouldn't send me if it wasn't."

Arthur considered this for a moment, then said, "Well, I suppose if it's for Gaius. If you must. You can leave after dinner tonight, and make sure you're back within the week."

"Thank you sire," Merlin said. "Do you want me to find a replacement?"

"No, that's okay. I'll deal with it. Who knows, I might get someone decent for a few days." Arthur clasped Merlin's shoulder. "Try not to get into trouble, alright? You may be useless, but I've grown used to you over the past couple of years. God help me."

"Yes Sire," said Merlin, grinning, and began to help Arthur dress.

*

The rest of the afternoon disappeared in a flash for Merlin. He raced through his chores and planned his trip at the same time. Polishing Arthur's boots while scrutinising a map which turned out to have been labelled upside down was quite an accomplishment.

Arthur ate dinner with his father, and Merlin and Uther's servant, Hector, were dismissed as soon as they'd served dinner. Merlin would gladly have rushed straight to the stables, had Arthur not infuriatingly told him to call by Arthur's chambers in an hour. That hour crawled slowly as Merlin paced Gaius's workroom biting on his thumbnail and asking Gaius a lot of questions about rowan trees and dragons' breath that Gaius was completely unable to answer.

Finally the hour was up. Merlin took the stairs two at a time all the way up to Arthur's floor, and jogged down the corridor. He pushed the door open.

Arthur was sitting by the fire, which painted his hair rich reds and golds and cast shadows across his face that highlighted his features and perfect bone structure.

Playing at Arthur's feet was a small animal, a sausage of white fur with brown feet and tail-tip. It was sniffing around Arthur's boots, whiskers twitching.

"It's a ferret," said Arthur.

"So it would appear, Sire," said Merlin, somewhat out of breath.

"Isn't it magnificent?"

Merlin's first impression of the creature was that it was rather fluffy and cute, but as those were attributes he doubted Arthur would be interested in he simply said, "Um, yes."

The ferret sniffed its way up the leg of the chair, to Arthur's fingertips and then Arthur's sleeve, and only Arthur's exceptional reflexes caught it before it got inside his shirt. "She's so fast!" Arthur exclaimed. "And you should see her tiny teeth, so sharp!"

"Great! I wonder how long it'll be before it sinks them into me?"

"She's got better things to eat than you, Merlin. Here, take a look. She won't hurt you."

"That's what you said about Magnus," Merlin said, dubiously.

"Magnus is a guard dog. He thought you were snooping around, it was perfectly normal behaviour for him."

"I wasn't snooping! I was cleaning your room!"

"Yes, well, how was he to know? Introductions are very important. Here. Meet Ferox."

Arthur held out the ferret, and really Merlin had no choice but to take it. To his surprise the creature was every bit as soft as it looked and rather than sinking its sharp little teeth into Merlin it sniffed at his hand, then his shirt, looked him over with its bright, beady eyes, and ran up his arm to wrap itself neatly around his shoulders. Merlin chuckled in delight.

"See, she likes you!" said Arthur.

"She's very soft," Merlin said, and ignored the way Arthur wrinkled his nose in response. "Where did she come from?"

"Leon gave her to me for my birthday. Don't get too carried away, she's a hunting animal."

"What do they hunt?" Merlin began absent-mindedly to tickle the ferret gently on the chest.

"Tunnelling animals. Like rabbits."

Merlin smiled at the ferret, which was making happy, throaty noises, almost as if she were laughing. "Would you like some rabbit from the kitchens, little ferret? They made rabbit pie today and I know where the scraps went."

"You mustn't spoil her, Merlin."

"There's a difference between spoiling her and feeding her," Merlin said.

Arthur sighed. "There's no middle ground with you, is there? Either an animal's a savage beast to you or else it's a pet. Ferox is a working animal."

"Yes, Arthur," Merlin said, as Ferox butted his chin gently with her nose. "But I presume you're not going to take her hunting in the dark?"

"Shut up, Merlin."

"Yes, Sire. Although…" Merlin spotted something poking out from under the rug.

"What?"

"I think she's been hunting already." Merlin tugged out the object and held it up to the firelight. "Isn't this the key to the armoury?"

Arthur squinted at it. "I think it is. You must have dropped it."

"Hey!" Merlin was about to protest his innocence in no uncertain terms, when his eye was drawn down to the ferret, who was looking at him with a particularly endearing expression in her little black eyes. "Hm. Maybe I did. When I was dusting."

"You dusted?"

"I started," said Merlin, putting the key on the arm of Arthur's chair, safely out of Ferox's reach. "I think I got distracted. Something must have happened."

Arthur sighed. "Doesn't it always?"

"Quite often," Merlin admitted. "Things do get a bit busy."

They exchanged a look; Arthur's eyes narrowed, in that way they did when he wasn't quite sure whether Merlin was being cheeky on purpose or by accident. Merlin kept his own expression as innocent as possible.

"Anyway," said Arthur. "I'm glad you called by. I've been thinking about this trip of yours."

Merlin's heart sank: surely Arthur hadn't changed his mind about giving Merlin time off?

"I think I'll come with you."

"What? Why would you do that?"

"Really, Merlin, I thought you might be pleased. It's a dangerous path for someone to travel alone. Especially someone like..." Arthur waved his hand vaguely in Merlin's direction. "You."

"Oh, thanks a lot! I can look after myself, you know."

"To an extent, maybe." Arthur regarded him for a moment. "A very limited extent. But that's beside the point. I have my own reasons for going as well."

"Really?"

"Yes. It's good hunting country and I need to get Ferox trained as soon as possible."

"Oh, great. So we'll be stopping every half an hour so you can kill something and then expect me to clean it and dress it and lug it around the countryside for four days?"

Arthur looked mildly offended. "Skipping over the fact that you're my servant and you're supposed to do as I say, I rather thought you might appreciate me coming along. A lot of people would be delighted to go hunting with me. Only the other day, Rupert Greslet-"

"The falconer?"

"Yes, Merlin, the Royal falconer."

"He wanted to go hunting with you?"

"Yes, he did. He stopped by just this morning and-"

"You can come with me."

"What?"

"You can come with me, to Neath."

"Well, that's very gracious of you," said Arthur with a tight smile. "Allowing your prince to come along on your errands with you."

"Sorry," Merlin muttered.

"I should hope so too."

"I didn't want you to put you out or anything."

"Merlin-"

"So, we'd best get going! Shall I pack your things?"

"You know, Merlin, you really are a mystery. If you changed your mind any quicker you'd meet yourself coming the other way."

"Yes Sire. I'll just get your socks."

Half an hour later Merlin and Arthur rode out of Camelot together.

*