Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Thirty: Dragon-Mother's Naughty Secrets
Summary: MFH MF inc anal DP handjob voy exhib fantasy magic
Keywords: Kurits begins his plans to free Ufexis and learns some startling facts about his dragon-mother.

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  Azkobez Hold, The Otsal Mountains

The first step in the plan to rescue Ufexis was accomplished. Now I just had to figure out the rest of it.

I walked out of Ziryihm's cell with the deva leashed and collared. I was surprised just how far the hermaphrodite demigoddess would obey me after I revealed my true purpose in coming here. She trusted me. It was rather amazing.

It was a shame she always had her cock. A hermaphrodite like my mother who could make her cock go away was one thing, but Ziryihm had a dick nearly as big as me. No matter how much the rest of her was sexy, that was a hard pass for me.

Still, it was delightful to lead her by the leash and collar before the dwarven guards. None of them felt the slightest bit of lust or envy. They were so inured to sexual stimulation, that the sight of a sexy woman crawling after her owner did nothing for them. But they did understand the significance.

I need to see Skuld, I said. I have to show her what I've accomplished.

Of course, one of the gruff dwarves said. He stroked his black beard that spilled out over his armor. He marched forward down the hallway, his men forming up around us.

It was the same journey back to the lab only this time Ziryihm led the way. She crawled without complaint, her yellow-feathered wings occasionally fluttering. I marched with my dragon-mother at my side. She held my arm, her large breasts jiggling. She had her chastity belt safely back on, her clit unable to sprout into a big dick.

I whistled, feeling rather proud of myself for seducing the deva without even touching her. She had been a challenge. Not like Skuld. Female dwarves had libidos that were immense. Beyond anything I could have imagined. The stories about them were all true.

We passed through the busy marketplace. I looked around, thinking. To get out of here, we would need a diversion. How to pull that off? I wasn't sure, but it was something I would have to figure out. There were a lot of guards around this place. But the centaurs were waiting for us outside. We just had to get to them.

After the marketplace, we were led through more hallways and tunnels until we came at the meeting room where Skuld and the other leaders of the rebellion lay. The dwarf banged hard on the door then shoved it open, ordering us in with a curt nod.

Back already? Skuld asked, not looking up from her papers. She quivered, her lust boiling. Did you give up on the deva, or did you just need another taste of me.

I succeeded, I said, shaking the leather leash that connected to Ziryihm's collar.

Skuld looked up. Her red hair, gathered in thick braids, swayed about her shocked face. Krab's mighty tools! She stood up. You really tamed her?

He is my Master now, Ziryihm cooed with such submission in her voice.

How did you get her to wear a leash and collar? Skuld asked, standing before the table and staring at us. Her naked breasts swayed back and forth. She was short but voluptuously proportioned, her thick bush dripping with pussy cream.

I need you to war a collar and leash so that Skuld and the others think you've broken, I told Ziryihm. They will never think you're faking it. Is that too much for you?

Not to save Ufexis, Ziryihm said without hesitation.

It was surprisingly easy, I told Skuld. I'm just that good. If I put my mind to it, I can get any female to do what I want.

She's hermaphrodite, Skuld said, her eyes flicking to the deva. She has a cock as big as yours.

She's mostly female, I said. So it works on her.

He is most persuasive, Lady Skuld, purred Ziryihm. Master has tamed my passions. Would you like a demonstration.

Yes! groaned Skuld, her lusts boiling over. I could feel what she wanted. What naughty things she craved. 

A big smile spread on my lips. This was perfect.

The dwarf turned and pointed to the table. Sit here. I wish to ride your cock, Deva.

If my Master so commands, Lady Skuld, purred Ziryihm. She was doing this without a hint of resistance. I always thought devas were more stubborn than this. She had held out against the dwarves since being captured, after all.

I do, I said. Pleasure Lady Skuld. She's our hostess. Let's make sure she cums hard.

Yes, yes, the dwarf said, her lusts boiling through her. They were out of control. She couldn't stop herself from doing this if she wanted to.

The deva rose, folding her yellow wings behind her. I let go of her leash as she advanced, her pale ass swaying. A light emanated from her, a halo around her body. Her golden hair danced around her shoulders, almost shimmering. The daughter of Biaute and Henta, she was ravishing to behold.

Well, until she turned around and her big dick spoiled the mood. My mother smiled appreciatively, though.

Ziryihm sat her rump on the table, her cock thrusting out before her. She leaned back, big boobs jiggling. Skuld licked her lips and then mounted the table. It was sized for a dwarf, so was a foot lower than a human table would be. She had no problem getting up. She turned around and faced me as she grabbed that big hermaphrodite-cock thrusting up from Ziryihm's pussy.

The dwarf didn't bring the cock to her pussy, though. She brought it to her asshole. Mother let out a purring sound of delight as the dwarf impaled her bowels down that thick shaft. Skuld whimpered the entire way down, her lusts boiling over.

I knew just what she wanted. I advanced, my dick so hard. I smiled at her as she smacked her lips in delight then shivered. It was clear that she knew why I was coming over. She stared at my cock then back up at my face.

Mmm, you just read my mind, didn't you? she purred, her large tits jiggling.

I winked at her.

Give me that cock, she moaned. I want your dick in me. I want you fucking me hard and fast while I ride the deva's hermaphrodite-dick. A shiver ran through Skuld. This is going to be amazing.

Being double-penetrated is one of the delights of being a woman, purred my dragon-mother. Enjoy, Lady Skuld.

Oh, I plan on it, she moaned, her hand grabbing my cock.

I shuddered at the touch of her warm grip on my dick. She stroked up and down me before she pulled me towards her pussy. I smiled at her, loving the way she gripped me. She pressed me into her cunt and rubbed me up and down her wet folds.

Gods, I need your big dick in me, Kurtis! she moaned, her eyes staring up at me.

Yes, yes, fuck her cunt hard, Master, purred Ziryihm. The deva smiled at me. Just pound her!

You just want her to cum faster so she'll milk your hermaphrodite-dick with her tight asshole.

Of course, Master. The deva winked at me.

I just want to cum so badly, the dwarf moaned. Ram that cock into me. Just slam into my pussy. I want it in me so badly. I just need it.

Yes, Lady Skuld, I groaned and thrust into her cunt. 

It was incredible to slide into her again. Her pussy engulfed my dick. It was fantastic. I groaned, loving every second of sinking my dick into her cunt. I groaned, loving the way her twat massaged the spongy crown. She moaned, her twat clamping down on me.

She rubbed her hands up and down my muscular chest. She massaged me as I sank to hilt in her twat. She gripped me with that wonderful flesh. I loved the feel of her. It was fantastic. I groaned, savoring that delight wrapped around me.

Las's big dick, I groaned.

And Krab's mighty tools! moaned the dwarf. She slid her asshole up the deva's cock, shifting her pussy around my cock in the process.

Henta's mighty cock! gasped the deva. And Biaute's perfect tits.

I bet they were perfect. Biaute, Goddess of Beauty, was said to be the most beautiful woman in existence. It was hard to imagine anyone more beautiful than my sisters, mothers, and daughters. Not just Lasla and Pyrriah, but Frelia and Iliasa, my older half-sisters. And my step-mother was a hottie, too. My dragon-mother had married a gorgeous sylph.

I drew back my hips, Skuld's pussy gripping my dick. She held me with that wonderful cunt as she worked her asshole up and down the deva's hermaphrodite-cock. The dwarf moaned, her boobs bouncing and jiggling.

I grabbed those heaving mounds, squeezing them as I slammed back into her cunt. she gasped, her gaze staring up at me with such wonder in them. Her pussy clamped down around my cock. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I loved the way she gripped me. That amazing cunt squeezed about me. I groaned, plunging into her twat over and over again.

Yes, yes, yes! I growled, slamming hard into her cunt. Fuck, that's good. That's what I want to feel wrapped around my dick.

I bet, moaned my dragon-mother. Mmm, you just love pussy, Kurtis.

Yes, I do, I panted, burying hard and fast into Skuld's juicy twat.

I love cocks! gasped the dwarf, her pussy gripping me. Oh, and I have two amazing ones in me. And one's a hermaphrodite's dick. That's amazing.

Henta's bold cock, that's amazing, the deva moaned. Work that asshole up and down my girl-cock. You're going to get so much cum fired into your twat.

Good! howled the naughty dwarf, her pussy clamping down on around me.

I pumped away at her. I fucked her with passion. I buried into her with hard strokes. Passionate ones. I speared into her again and again. It was amazing to be in her. To fuck her. I plowed over and over into her snatch. I savored that wonderful passion squeezing about my cock.

My balls tightened as they swung into her taint. My hands kneaded her tits as I fucked her. She moaned, her touch sliding around my back. She grabbed my muscular ass, gripping me as I buried into her pussy. She pulled on me as if she wanted me to plow into her with such force.

I did.

I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her again and again. I groaned, savoring her cunt squeezing around me. It was fantastic. I groaned, my face twisting in the delight of pumping into her. I fucked the dwarf with everything that I had.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned, riding the deva's hermaphrodite-dick. Krab's mighty tools, that's amazing. I'm going to cum on your cocks.

Cum on us, Lady Skuld! Ziryihm moaned. Let us feel your holes going wild.

We're going to flood you with all that cum you crave, I groaned, pumping away with even harder strokes. I know you want it.

I do, she moaned, her face twisting with delight. Her pussy gripped my cock. She felt so amazing wrapped around me. I'm going to just explode.

Explode! I groaned, burying into her with force. 

She gripped my ass hard before her pussy went wild around my cock. She pulled me into the depths of her spasming cunt while she impaled her asshole down Ziryihm's hermaphrodite-dick. I groaned, throwing back my head as that hot twat rippled around me.

Cum in me! she howled. Gods, I need you both spurting your cum in me.

Flood her, Master, moaned my dragon-mother, her fingers plundering her own cunt.

Yes, yes, we must cum in her, Master! gasped the Deva. Henta's bold cock, yes! 

I felt the deva's orgasm burst out of her. She flooded Skuld's ass, swelling the pleasure the dwarf experienced. Her pussy convulsed harder around my cock. Her flesh suckled at my dick, needing my cum to fire into her snatch.

I let her have what she craved. I erupted.

Gods, yes! I gasped, throwing back my head as I pumped spurt after spurt of my cum into her snatch.

I basted her pussy. The jizz rushed out of me. It was this magnificent delight. I groaned, stars bursting across my vision as I flooded the leader of the rebellion with my cum. Her pussy rippled and writhed around me, nursing at me.

That's incredible! I moaned, spurting over and over again. Las's big dick!

Yes, yes, your cum is so amazing in my body. Both of your jizz is filling me up. Her pussy suckled at me. This is wonderful. Gods damn, I love it! 

She hit the peak of her pleasure, her pussy rippling and writhing around my cock. I groaned, savoring the way she suckled at me. It was wondrous to dump my seed into her snatch. I fired the last of my cum into her, hitting the peak of my pleasure.

Oh, yes, yes, that was wonderful, she moaned. Mmm, you are an amazing instrument, Kurtis. Just fantastic. She groped my ass. I see why Queen Athirmi wanted to keep you.

I'm just glad that you're helping me rescue my sisters from her, I said.

She looked down. It'll be some time before then.

Of course, of course, I panted. I just hope it won't be too long. I miss them. That part was true. I hated that they were back in Ankush with Queen Athirmi. I did not trust that rakshasa, even if I had bred her.

Like I had bred Skuld here.

Is there anything I can do to stay busy? I asked. Maybe work with Ufexis.

Why? she asked, looking up at me with suspicion. Had I broached it too fast?

To learn more about me. My powers. I smiled at her. She's an expert on interracial breeding, right?

True. Skuld squeezed her pussy down on my cock. Since she's arrived, she's been a very quiet prisoner. She's been more interested in studying the cuckoos than on escape, I think. Very well. You can help her out. Just watch out. We don't trust her.

I'll be careful. I grinned at her, hating that I was lying. Who knows, I might be as persuasive with Ufexis as I was with Ziryihm.

Skuld smiled, her pussy clamping down on my dick. You are at that. Mmm, go, go. I have work to do, or I would fuck you night and day. 

I winked at her and then pulled out of her pussy.

I hope she can figure out a way to breed more males like you, Skuld said. You are... stimulating. I envy your mother who got to enjoy multiple copies of you at once.

I didn't like thinking about my mother being gangbanged, thought it had proved I was the man she was most attracted to as all the cuckoo changelings became me. My mother still wanted me more than them. As good as they were at duplicating me, they were still copies.

Imitations.

It was quite the stirring experience, my mother said. Mmm, let's go see if we can't leave future Kurtis to populate your hold. She grabbed my arm. Do we have your permission to withdraw to the alchemist?

Yes, you do, moaned Skuld as she climbed off Ziryihm's cock. The deva shuddered, her light pulsing for and yellow wings fluttering. I want progress reports.

I nodded, my mind returning to the problem of the distraction. I needed to get the four of us safely out of Azkobez Hold. I wasn't about to risk getting us all killed. It would have to be a careful plan. Something that would work without a hitch.

Ziryihm crawled before us once more, her hermaphrodite-cock swaying between her legs while her rump jiggled. Her wings hugged her body tight. Our guards still followed us around. That wasn't good. We had to have a way to get past those guards to make the distraction to let us sleep away from them.

I organized my thoughts in my mind as we walked. Step one, find a way to slip from the guards. Two, use that time to set up a distraction. Three, escape as the distraction erupts. So I had to figure out two major problems. How to elude our guards and just how to create a distraction that would keep all the rebels busy.

It was an immense problem. Almost too much, but I had confidence we could solve it. I was Las's son. And I had a dragon with me. I didn't want to reveal what my mother was. I wanted to keep it hushed up that her race wasn't extinct. She was the absolute last resort.

The dwarven guards led us to Ufexis's lab. The acrid scent of her various chemicals and unguents bled through the thick, wooden doors. The guards watching her produced the heavy, iron key that they thrust into the lock. I watched that with interest for the escape. 

Ziryihm crawled in before us. She seemed so eager. I slipped in while my mother closed the door behind her. It clang shut. The gnome sat at her table carefully pouring a blue liquid into a green. They turned purple as they simmered over a small flame.

Yes, yes, perfect, Ufexis said, her dark-brown face twisting in concentration. That is a thing of beauty.

If you say so, I said.

Ufexis snapped her head around. She blinked in shock. You're back? Why are you back? You're healed, right? My concoctions never fail.

We just came to

Ziryihm! squealed Ufexis, cutting me off. The short gnome hopped off her stool and rushed over to the deva who rose on her knees, her arms spread wide.

I blinked in shock as the pair came together like lovers. Their bodies pressed tight, lips melting together. The desire and passion for the other rushed through them. I blinked in shock at the sight and strength of their love. The gnome grabbed the deva's pale ass in brown hands, squeezing them.

I take it you know each other, I said, certain pieces clicking into place now.

Ufexis broke the kiss. Oh, Ziryihm and I have been lovers for years. The gnome smiled. It's so wonderful to see you.

So this is why you came to Ankush, Ziryihm? I asked. To check up on Ufexis.

The deva looked over her shoulder at me. Yes. I was checking in on her.

Once, she helped me with an important task, Ufexis said. We've been lovers ever since.

So when you learned the rebels kidnapped her, you swore to Queen Athirmi that you would come and save her? I asked. I was wondering why a deva would work for the rakshasas.

They're a distasteful squabble of bitches, the deva said, heat in her voice. But they're skilled at getting you ensnared in their schemes. I'm sure you're finding that out.

Yes, I am, I muttered. 

So why are you two here? asked Ufexis as she broke away from her lover. And why do you have Ziryihm collared.

I'm a prisoner here, Ziryihm said. I was captured trying to rescue you. They overpowered me.

Ufexis winced and gave her lover a commiserating look. I'm sorry you went through all that effort. I hope they didn't hurt you.

Just my pride. The deva smiled. Kurtis has convinced me to be collared to move around with him instead of languishing in my cell.

Did he? Ufexis looked at me and then to my mother. So why are you two here?

Officially, to have you study us, I said. Skuld wants to have more men like me around.

Uh-huh, the gnome said, padding towards me. She stared at my naked cock. I'll need a semen sample. Ziryihm, can you get the specimen container. It's on my workbench.

I can, the deva said.

I'm going to need you to jerk off into the container, the gnome said. So I can study your seed. See what I can figure out.

Uh, sure, I said as my mother grabbed my cock with her hot hand. She stroked up and down me. But that's not the real reason we're here.

Oh, what's that? the gnome asked as Ziryihm handed over the glass container. The gnome thrust it at the tip of my cock so I could cum in there. 

There were hash marks on the glass. Regular ones like they measured something. My mother stroked me off as the gnome stared up at me with her curious, gray eyes. I shuddered at the stroking touch and then glanced at the door.

It was thick. The guards shouldn't hear us if we weren't loud.

I'm here to free you for Queen Athirmi and get you back to Ankush.

Oh, that's nice, said Ufexis. I need just another month or two here, then we can go.

What? I gasped, my dragon-mother's breasts pressing into my back. She stroked me hard and fast. She worked her hand up and down my cock. No, no, we have to get out of here right away!

But I need to study the cuckoos longer. Delight shone in the gnome's leaden eyes. They're so fascinating. A single-sex race blended with a dual-sex race. Avians and changelings mixed to make the cuckoos. Something special happened with Chaun and Aurora, their progenitors. It's so fascinating. I have to study them and figure out how it happened. It's rare, but it has happened before. 

Centaurs are the most obvious example. They're a dual-sex race no for all intents and purposes. Every herd I know in the world has adapted to the local human female population. Know they produce male centaurs and female humans. And in the 'Zakuth, there is a blending of elves and harpies. A hermaphrodite race with a single-sex race. They shouldn't even be able to interbreed, but they do. This is all so fascinating.

You still have to go as soon as possible, I groaned, my dragon-mother's hand sliding up and down my cock. She had such a wonderful grip. She knew just how to stroke me to pleasure me. 

Sorry, the gnome said. You do have a big cock. And is she really your mother? You don't have her coloring at all. Skin darker. Hair black instead of blue.

She's a hermaphrodite, added the deva. I've seen her cock. Fucked her cock.

What? the gnome gasped. And she had a human son? You are human, yes? You look it.

I suppose, I groaned. I'm a demigod. But that's not what's important.

Yes, it is! Such delight shone on Ufexis's face. Stroke his cock faster, Azuliana. Make your son cum. I must examine his cum as soon as possible.

Should I make you cum, Master? my mother cooed into my ear. She licked it, sending a shiver racing through me. Mmm, are you going to fire all that wonderful spunk into the glass? Just fill it to the brim with your cum.

Mother, I groaned, my face twisting in delight. You're such a wicked woman. Yes, yes, but then we have to talk about escape. As soon as possible.

The gnome rolled her eyes. I told you, that's not possible. My research.

You have to go! I groaned, my dick twitching. My mother's hand slid up to the pinnacle of my shaft. She stroked just the tip, sliding over the crown again and again. The sensitive and spongy cap drank in her grip. You don't understand what will happen.

What? asked Ufexis.

Queen Athirmi will send... I shuddered, about to erupt. She'll send Solja and Tharaka to save you!

I exploded.

My cum fired out of my dick and splashed into the specimen jar. I groaned, stars dancing before my eyes. The pleasure slammed through me. My mother licked my ear as her hand pumped up and down my cock, wringing me dry.

My balls emptied them into her jar. I shuddered and groaned, my head shaking from side to side. Her boobs rubbed into me, nipples poking hard. The incestuous rush of her touch had me grunting and groaning. It was a magnificent delight. 

Yes! I growled. Gods damn, Mother, you know how to please my dick.

I am your mother, Master, she cooed. I should know every bit of you. She licked my ear again. Mmm, I love you, Master. I'm so proud of you.

I shuddered as I fired the last of my cum into the specimen jar. I panted while Ufexis held it up. She looked disturbed. She swallowed and then headed to her table. She hopped onto her chair and grabbed her journal.

Kurtis, the alleged son of a hermaphrodite of unknown origin, appears to be a human male. Cock. Balls. He has all the phenotypes associated with the human race from facial features to skin tone and body hair. He produces a copious amount of cum. Three times that of the average for a member of his species.

Ufexis, I said. Did you hear what I said?

The gnome swallowed. I heard.

Then you understand how Tharaka and Solja are going to rescue you. It'll be a bloodbath. If they even survive. Queen Athirmi wants you returned alive as soon as possible. I held out the part of her willingness to kill Ufexis if it came to that. I don't want that. I know you don't, either.

The gnome sighed. Those two... They never can find peace, can they? They've suffered so much in their life, and still they find themselves being used.

You raised them, didn't you? my dragon-mother said.

What? I asked, shocked by those words.

I can tell. My mother moved out from behind me. You care for them like they were your own.

I didn't raise them, Ufexis said. Their mother, Rawka, did. I promised her I would look after them when she could no longer. Ufexis leaned back in her chair. Rawka suffered much. She had birthed several trolls and ogre off-spring. Her orc blood and my alchemical components kept her alive, but they still took a toll on her.

You helped with that? I asked. But I thought they were bred by the nagas.

The gnome nodded. Out of all of Rawka's children, Tharaka and Solja were the only ones who loved her. Tharaka is a normal orc, obviously, but the other ogres and trolls she birthed were violent. They held no love in their hearts for her. They had to be taken away from Rawka almost from the moment of birth to keep from killing her. But not Solja.

A smile spread on Ufexis's lips. He suckled from her breast like a normal babe. She loved him so much. I spent many years trying to replicate that. To breed a race of trolls and ogres that didn't rape and murder the mothers of their offspring. To change their species so they didn't have to be feared. The gnome chuckled. I wonder how Rawka will react to being a grandmother.

Grandmother? I asked. Right, Solja's breeding women. That's why you have to come back. Those women need your components.

The queen has enough to last her another few months. The gnome sighed. I thought she would ransom me, not send thugs to rescue me. I fear I have misjudged Athirmi once again.

Then something she said clicked in me. Wait, I thought Solja and Tharaka's mother was dead. They want to go to Shizhuth to avenge her.

She's alive, Ufexis said. When he was old enough to train to fight, the naga's took him and his sister from Rawka and told the pair that she was dead. They didn't like that he was so gentle and loving. They wanted a vicious troll. A killer to fight for them. What they did... broke his mind. His rages nearly consume him now. His mind is fragmented.

But I couldn't watch it any longer. I helped them escape from Shizhuth. I wanted to save Rawka, but things went badly. The gnome looked down at her hands. Her children were willing to leave because they thought her dead. I didn't dissuade them because I promised to protect them. I trusted Queen Athirmi's diplomat to get us to safety. Since, I have been working to help improve the lives of her slaves and continue my research to breed a gentler race of trolls using Solja's seed.

You don't have any problem working with the rakshasas or the nagas? I asked, shocked to learn she had aided the Shizhuth Empire.

I have research to do, said the gnome. Those willing to pay for it are few and far between. I do what good I can in such dark places. And you should not judge, you are working for Queen Athirmi, too. You're here to rescue me.

My cheeks flushed with embarrassment.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana

Things went quiet as Kurtis paced. He didn't like working for Queen Athirmi. The rakshasas had made everything murky and gray. Things were not so black and white around them. They were an evil race, but they put things in just the right light to get cooperation. To manipulate Kurtis and our family.

It was why we were here. 

The gnome started doing tests on the cum, adding it to various chemicals and studying the results. My, my, just what are you, Kurtis?

Huh? he asked.

You are demigod, that much is clear, and you can breed with almost everything that I've tried. Dual sex, several single-sex races, hermaphrodite races. She glanced at me. Have you born him a child?

Yes, I said, smiling. My son impregnated me and my wife, who is a sylph. He also impregnated all four of his sisters, two of whom are like him and share his father and the other two are sylphs. He has also bred mermaids, human and halfling women, rakshasas, and even a dwarf.

There is only one possibility then, said the gnome. His father... He is Las, is he not? That's where the divine blood in your son comes from.

Yes, I said. I moved towards her. Why are you so keen to work with slavers like the nagas and the rakshasas? Just to conduct breeding experiments on trolls and ogres?

Yes! She turned her head. I want to find ways to cross the breeding barriers. To let life swell in new ways. It's happening in strange edge cases. It's so fascinating.

But why? I repeated. I was a rarity. I was the daughter of a dragon and a nixie. Normally, dragons have to mate with dragons to have dragons as offsprings. My wife only gave birth to sylphs. If I bred an elf, our daughter should be an elf. But I was born a blending of nixie and dragon. A dragon that breathed steam instead of water. Who had blue scales? Why does it fascinate you?

I know everyone has been inspired by the tales of Sir Angela and her slaying of the dread Dominari, but it was the story of two of her allies that inspired me. And I don't mean Chaun and Aurora. I am talking about the miracle of a halfling and an elf having a child. While the cuckoos are interesting, single-sex races breed with dual-sex races all the time, but a hermaphrodite and a dual-sex couple... That was unheard of. Yet Minx and Xerathalasia have children. I've met a few. Studied them. They are a queer blending of halfling had elf, some are hermaphrodites and some aren't.

It has inspired me to find ways to breach the barriers of breeding between the races. I turned to Shizhuth and Naith not because no one else would fund me, but because they have what I need in abundance.

Test subjects, my son said with some amount of disgust.

Yes, yes, they collect slaves from across the world, Ufexis said, delight in her eyes. Especially Queen Athirmi. This gives me a chance to work on something amazing. I'm trying to get centaurs to breed with rakshasas. No two single-sex races have ever bred. They always need dual-sex or, in rare cases, hermaphrodites. She has a menagerie that is a pleasure to work with.

And then you got kidnapped by the rebels and realized you had a chance to study here, Kurtis said. Did they even have to kidnap you?

Nope, said Ufexis. She swiveled in her chair. Now what is your race. You're a hermaphrodite, but your blue hair is unusual. You're not a nixie. They always have their cocks. You can make it come and go at will. You're not aoi si. You can't be... She blinked. No.

Kurtis tensed. So did I.

My mother was a human, I said. Henta found her

You're a dragon! the gnome gasped. She smacked her head. Of course, of course. Azuliana. The nixie-born dragon.

I shot a gaze to Ziryihm. You told her about me?

She is interested in reviving your species, said Ziryihm. I told her about the dragons I had met. I never told her you still lived. I kept that from her. You should have gone by an alias.

I flushed. Dominari had been smart enough to do that. She had faked her own death and claimed to be her own daughter. I was supposed to stay on my island with my wife and our family. Not... Not... I swallowed, glancing at Kurtis. Well, things changed.

A dragon bred by Las, said the gnome. No wonder your cum is so amazing, Kurtis. We have to pack. We have to go right now. This research must be pursued.

And you are going to keep my mother's secret? asked Kurtis. My son moved up. He sounded deadly. 

Ziryihm stiffened, her wings spreading wide. I swallowed. I couldn't transform into my full size in this room. It was too small, but... I would fight to defend my son. I would show the world my ferocity if I had to, the consequences be damned.

Of course, of course, said Ufexis. I wouldn't want you to be hunted down by the fools in this world that hates your species.

My species was exterminated for a reason, I hissed. The more of us there are, the more aggressive we become. We hate each other. We fight. Our fires burn hot. It's better that I'm the last. That my race dies with me.

Mother, Kurtis said.

I turned to my son. He cupped my face, stroking me. Then he pulled me to him and kissed me. I closed my eyes, feeling my owner holding me. My words were true. Dragons had been a blight on this world. We were hunted for a reason. I would not let my species revive. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

After hearing my mother's hatred of her own kind, I was still shocked. I had no idea she felt that way. I knew she had a temper. When I first tamed her, she had been furious as she fought against it. Had tried to kill my sisters and me with her steam breath. We had to use all our guile to subdue her.

The stories all whispered about dragons. How they were terrifying. High King Peter had won his glory killing Dominariath, the mother of Dominari whom Sir Angela had slain millennia later. And Dominari had been feared for five hundred years before that, creating the Desolation. 

Okay, okay, we need a distraction to get out of here, I said. Ufexis, is there like a smoke or something you can prepare.

Oh, I can prepare a potent sleeping gas. I have more than enough chamomile to make it. I'll add a few other ingredients. She tapped the side of her head. I'll brew a tonic for us to drink to be immune to it. We should place... five of them in key spots for maximum ventilation. It'll knock out the entire hold.

I knew rogues used chamomile alchemical bombs, I muttered, remembering the story of Minx, Sir Angela's halfling companion. I never knew that you could make them that big.

Just a matter of resources, said the gnome. And good reagent to really spread it fast. I have some muckroot. That's perfect.

So how do we place them around the compound? I asked. The dwarves are still keeping my mother and me under constant guard.

Your mother can change into a dwarven woman, said Ziryihm in such an off-hand way.

I blinked and then shot a gaze at my mother. Wait, what? You can do that?

Dragons can take on any form that we please, she said. Well, I can't change my hair color. But I can be any race I want to be. I chose a human form many years ago. Your step-mother always had a thing for human women. So I do it to please her.

I gasped at her. I had no idea.

So we just have to sneak her out of here somehow in her dwarven woman's form, said Ziryihm.

I'll still stand out, Mother said. No one has hair this shade among the rebels save me.

That's what dyes are for, said Ufexis. Hold on, I'll whip up a black hair dye. That'll be best. It'll wash out in a few days. Plus, I don't expect it to survive your changing form. Use some good smoke root for it. And a pinch of licorice. That'll do it.

How do we get her out of this room? I asked. There's only one door.

Ufexis pointed to a metal grate near the ceiling. Ventilation tunnel. They pop off easy enough. I can squeeze through it. A dwarf can't, but just become a halfling. You'll get through fine. Make your tits smaller, too.

You can control your tits size? I asked my dragon-mother.

Her cheeks blushed. Yes. Um, your step-mother is fond of big breasts. And I know you are.

I don't want you to change them, I just... I shook my head. You could slip out of your collar and chastity belt whenever you want. Just become a skinny halfling.

She nodded and smiled. But I wear them a symbol of my submission to you. When us dragons are dominated, well, we're very loyal.

Gods, I breathed. Okay, we have a plan.

Ufexis worked. She brewed and condensed and mixed until she had five clay jars full of the chemical she had brewed. Then she grabbed strange pouches wrapped in leaves. She dropped them in each one then sealed the jars with wax.

There, she said. In twelve hours, these will go off and flood the hold with the sleeping mist. The jars were small, shorter than my forearm, and skinny. It didn't seem like enough, but Ufexis knew her stuff.

I dismissed the collar and chastity belt from mother. She shrunk into a halfling. Her blue hair became a bob, her breasts almost nonexistent. She had no pubic hair and looked so skinny, almost like a child. But there was a maturity in her face that couldn't be hidden.

She looked like Mother, just with a mischievous cast to her features.

She took the bag and then a jar full of the hair dye. Apply this once you're clear, Ufexis said. I put gloves in the bag. You don't want to get this on your hands if you can avoid it.

Okay, Mother said, her voice higher pitched. She giggled. I could stand before you and suck your cock, Master.

Maybe when you get back, I said. Get going.

I'll get on brewing the tonic, Ufexis said. We should all take it about a half-hour before the gas goes off. That will give it time to settle in our blood and ward us. Then we should have a good hour to get out before it affects us.

I nodded, hoping this would work. I ripped off the grating to the ventilation shaft and boosted my mother through. She scampered off, naked and pushing the bag before her. I swallowed, hoping she would be fine. That no one would catch her doing this.

Ufexis started grinding powders, humming beneath her breath. I settled down on a chair to wait, my heart beating so fast. The deva paced before the door, her arms crossed beneath her tits. They jiggled with her every step.

Finally, she whirled on me. Why did you take your mother from that island. I found that place for her so she would be safe.

I have my reasons, I growled, standing up.

Reasons? She glared at me. She's the last dragon living in the world. The last of one of Matar's races. She is special. Important. And you risk her? If anyone were to find out that she exists, all four orders of knights would send their horde of idiots on a quest to hunt her down and kill her. Mages and priests would aid them. Slavers would want to capture her. 

What fool reason did you have for dragging her into this murk? Huh? Does it make you feel safe knowing she can transform into a monster to defend you if you get in over your head? Is that why she's here? Would you have used her to transform into a dragon and rip this hold apart?

No! I growled. But I'm on a mission that's important enough to risk her exposure. She knows it. She supports me. That's why she's here. You've seen it yourself. She could disobey me if she wanted to.

She can't. You dominated her. That makes you responsible for her, Kurtis. Ziryihm poked me in the chest with her finger. The last dragon is in your hands, and you're risking her on the machinations of that whore back in Naith.

My cheeks burned. I didn't bring her here to use her.

You did. Don't lie. She's your last resort, and you know it.

Fine! If it was between us dying and unleashing her, I would unleash her! I glared at her. I know who my mother is. I know she's the last, that the entire world hates her, so don't think I don't take this seriously.

She sneered. You're a boy who thinks with his dick. You're Las's son. You don't think about what's going on beyond the next hole to sink your cock into. I can't even believe you're on a quest of any... Her words trailed off. You're trying to free him.

You know he's been captured by Throwia? I gasped.

Yes! And he deserves it. He deserves to be locked up. That sadistic daughter of his is having her fun torturing him. Keeps her from spreading her strife around the world while his lust is safely bottled up. That's why you've risked your mother. For Las?

For my father! That's why!

I think it's marvelous, Ufexis said. Having a live dragon is so much better than those samples you brought me, Ziryihm. Azuliana is here for me to play with for real.

The deva shot her lover a sour look. I didn't put my life on the line to save Azuliana and hide her for you to get her killed.

I am not going to get my mother killed! I growled. I'm going to protect her. Just like I protect my sisters, my children, and, yes, my father! I am going to defend them all! This is none of your business, Ziryihm.

She fixed me with hard eyes. If you get her killed, boy, I will track you down, castrate you, and choke you to death on your own cock.

Fine! I spat. But I won't. I love my mother, Ziryihm. She will be fine.

I meant it. I would not let anything happen to any of the members of my family. I would keep them all safe. I sat back down and tried not to worry. My mother was out there all alone placing the sleeping bombs across the hold.

If anyone figured out what she was doing, this was all over. Ziryihm was right. My mother turning into a dragon was a last resort, and if this plan failed, it might be the only hope I had of saving not just my mother, but my sisters clutched in Athirmi's hands.

That Queen better not betray me.

To be continued...
