Severus Snape sighed in frustration. Even after four weeks of thinking about it, it still didn't make any sense.

For maybe the thousandths time in only a few days, the potions master opened the small velvet box Harry had given to him. It contained a beautiful worked, sliver clasp. The curled serpent it showed was neatly elaborated, the head of the snake decorated with two emeralds that represented the eyes. It was obvious that this was a masterpiece and undoubtedly worth a little fortune.

Snape had no idea what to think of this present. Receiving something so personal had hit him quite unexpected. Harry had spoken in riddles and Severus doubted that he would ever be able to imagine what was going on in this boy's head.

Not exactly a boy any more. Snape thought and felt an unwelcome heat well up in his body as he remembered the night they had spent together. Another surprise. To say that he had been totally shocked to see that beautiful, enticing wizard lying in his bed at his temporary quarters would be an understatement.

This was definitely not what he had expected, when Harry had told him he wanted to give him a present 'in private'.

"Professor, um… I would like to give you a present. But later, in private." The rescuer of the wizarding world had stated, an unfamiliar shy smile plastered on his face. Trying to look not too surprised, Snape had told him. "Presents are not necessary, Harry, but if you wish to do so, feel free to visit me at my temporary quarters in the guestroom area. The dungeons are not habitable right now, for a cauldron…" he had broken off, confused by the funny look on the younger mans face. Something between distraction, pain and dizziness.

"Harry, are you sure you are alright?" The Potions Master had then asked him worriedly, but the boy had run both of his hands through his tousled hair and ensured him: "Yes, Professor, I'm fine. Just a little bit tired. Too many people too soon and too close for my taste. I guess, I'll just go and get some rest, soon."

With that he had left without looking back and Snape had not been sure Harry had even realized he had been told not to go to the dungeons.

Well, obviously Harry had not been distracted at all, for he found the young man sleeping in his borrowed bed a few hours later. Only wearing black silk boxers, and a little smile upon his youthful face.

And that would explain why he had found his quarters sealed by a - surprisingly strong - locking charm. One of his own favorites, in fact. If someone had found that boy like this, it would have been a lucky day for every gossip-seeking reporter out there.

Closing the little velvet box carefully, Severus' thoughts kept wandering back to that special night.

Flashback: almost four weeks ago - Severus' POV

Sighing with relief, Severus Snape made his way to his temporary quarters. He was tired and a little worried about Harry. The boy had acted strange at times. But maybe it had really been only the exhaustion after the last few days and the stress of once again all that attention. He knew Harry hated it.

Finally reaching the right door, Severus Snape found his quarters sealed with an unexpected strong locking spell. Not that he could not undo it, - it was one of his favorites - but he wondered why someone would make the afford so seal his almost empty quarters.

Surely no one expected the guests to sneak around in here?

Dismissing that thought as totally unimportant, he cast the proper unlocking spell and entered the room.

It was like he had demanded it, not lit very brightly, for he didn't like it that way. His dungeons were never lit bright as day. Nor should his temporary quarters be.

Closing the door behind him, he took out his wand and put up the charm again. Then Severus began to open the clasp of his dark green robes and stepped closer to the bed. He froze, as he took in the sight of a person, lying in his bed.

Startled, Snape realized that it was Harry, who was lying there, entangled in the sheets and sleeping peacefully. He stepped to the bed, determined to get answers. What kind of childish prank was this supposed to be?

As he leaned down to wake up the boy, he hesitated, taking in the look of the sleeping figure. Black, messy hair was standing up endearingly in places, long, dark lashes were throwing shadows on a relaxed, youthful face. The blanket, pushed down almost to his hips revealed a well defined chest. A weird feeling started to build up in Severus' stomach. Surprised he identified it as desire.

Pushing aside his improper thoughts, Snape touched Harry's shoulder to wake him up. Unfortunately, the feel of warm, smooth skin under his fingers didn't make his task any easier. He had to will himself not to make this a caress.

The young man shifted in his sleep, involuntary arching into Severus' touch. "Harry, wake up, please!" His voice sounded softer than intended. But the boy wouldn't wake. Tightening his grip on that beautiful tanned skin, he tried again: "Harry, wake up. I need to talk to you."

It seemed that he had been more successful this time, because the heavy lids started to flutter, revealing a bit of green eyes. Good, we was waking up.

Just as Severus was about to withdraw his fingers form that enticing skin, he felt a strong hand tightening around his wrist, holding his hand in place. "Mmmmh. That felt wonderful." Harry murmured sleepily. "More please."

He doesn't know what he is doing. He is still half asleep. Snape thought and tried to loosen the grip of Harry's hand. With no success. Playing Quidditch for seven years had done quite a bit to strengthen this grip, not only on a broom or the snitch.

Snape gasped as he felt a second had reaching out for him, sliding warm fingers in his hair and pulling him close. Harry's eyes were clouded, his pupils dilated by the darkness of the room and - maybe - desire, as he pulled his ex-professor down for a kiss.

Startled, Severus parted his lips, as he felt the tip of the younger man's tongue caress him. Suddenly he felt like a teenager with raging hormones, his knees went weak and he was almost instantly very aroused. The kiss of this gorgeous man was tearing down all his defensive walls and getting straight under his skin. Carefully he detached himself from those soft lips, ignoring the small sound of protest, the other man made.

This was crazy. It could not possibly be, that Harry really wanted him, of all people. Why would he? He was Harry Potter, the boy-who-lived, recently turned into the man-who-had-saved-us-all. Men and woman alike were almost throwing themselves at him, begging to be noticed by the hero of the wizarding world. He could have everyone, so why would he choose his greasy old Potions Master, if not for making fun of him.

Severus needed to be sure. He needed to hear it from the boy himself that this was no sick joke. Though he could not imagine Harry being that cruel. So he took the young man's face in his hands, stroking his right cheek slowly with his thump. " Harry, look at me," he requested. Obediently, the youth opened his eyes a little, gazing up right into his ex-teacher's face. Severus' heart missed a beat. Taking a deep breath, he asked, "What kind of game are you playing?"

"No game." Harry whispered, never taking his eyes of the other man's face.

Snape, who felt his control slipping rapidly, finally managed to say, disbelief clearly audible in his trembling voice "So you are sure? This is really what you want? I am what you want?"

And that wonderful man in his bed smiled and told him, "Yes, I am sure. You are all I ever wanted," before sealing his lips with another passionate kiss.

Snape was lost. When he eventually pulled away from Harry, both their breathings were labored. Giving into temptation, Severus trailed his fingers down the silken skin of Harry's chest. The young man moaned in pleasure and once again arched into his touch. Amazed by how strong the young Gryffindor reacted to his caresses, the Potions Master began to plant feathery kisses on Harry's eyelids, his face and down his throat.

Trailing down his lips over that enticing tanned chest, the older man followed the thin dark line of hair that disappeared in black silk boxers, plunging his tongue into the cave of Harry's navel in process. That beautiful body writhed with pleasure under his administrations and…

"Enough!" Pulling himself out of that arousing memory, the Potions Master strode through his rooms in wide, angry paces. "Damn, you, Potter and damn my foolish lack of self-control!"

He did not want to remember. Did not want to be haunted by dreams in which he all saw it again. Heard it again, felt it again. How touch-starved that youth had been, reacting highly sensible to every caress. That little moans and encouraging noises he had made when he had sucked his gorgeous cock. The way he had felt under him, matching his thrusts, trying to get him closer. The look upon his face when he had reached climax.

And the way he had reacted the next day.

Maybe he should not have left before Harry had woken. But at this time he had not felt like he could go through a 'morning after' disaster. So he had kissed Harry one last time, and left before dawn.

He had met the young Gryffindor a few hours later, - he had avoided seeing him in the great hall by canceling breakfast - mere minutes before the students were about to leave. Somehow Harry had managed to stay behind and tug Severus to a somewhat quiet corner. With a puzzled look upon his face, he had produced a small velvet box out of the depths of his school robes. Handing it over to him he had murmured: "I…I forgot to give you the present, yesterday," shifting his weight uncomfortably from one leg to another.

The Potions Master had been confused. "Excuse me?" he had asked, a bewildered look spreading across his face.

Harry blushed and his voice was barely audible as he started to explain: "The present I promised you? The one I wanted to give you in private? I am sorry I didn't make it yesterday…" he broke off, uncertain how to react to that look upon Severus' face. As his ex-professor did not respond, he stepped away, heading for the door, stammering: "Well, I think I'd better go now. I don't want to miss the train. I guess I will see you in two months at the staff meeting then. Goodbye…. Professor."

And he was gone.