Innocent Pictures
Written By Blond22bi@hotmail.com

It all started one Friday night after school. I had invited five
of my closest girlfriends to a slumber party at my house. We were
all juniors and all of us had known each other for close to ten
years. Of course this made us all close to one another and we
knew each other like books. My parents knew that once a month or
so, all of us would get together for a slumber party at one
of the girl's home. This time it was being held at my house. The
night started off normal with pizza, a movie, and a lot of talking.
But by 11:00 that evening, my mom and dad were in bed and the
party was just about to shift into high gear.

Things started off pretty innocently. I told all the girls about
some new clothes I bought a couple days ago. Suddenly, it was
decided I would try them on for the girls. Being girls, we
decided to turn this into something more then it was. They all
helped me dress, put on my makeup, then they asked if I had a
camera. Of course like most others, I had a small cheap digital
camera. One girl took control of it and they had me pretend I
was a model and was walking the runway . Of course I had a fun
time with it and posed for the girls and let a lot of pictures be
taken of me. We really did have a fun time doing it. Then they
told me it was time to try on my other new outfit. As I started
to undress, I saw the flash go off on the camera again. The girls
all laughed and I told them no more pictures till I was dressed.

But all the girls told me not to be such a prude and suddenly I
was fighting a loosing battle against the other five girls.
Finally one of them told me it was a digital camera, I could erase
all the pictures tomorrow morning after everyone left. I didn't
want to give in but the girls for some reason didn't stop the
relentless comments and suggestions. Finally, I thru my hands
up and said "FINE, TAKE ANY PICTURES YOU WANT"! What a wrong
statement to make. I was a little mad but also wasn't going to
give in and let the girls think I was afraid. It was our age I
think that made all of us get into this predicament in the first
place. It started as the girls ganging up and just kidding around
and soon turned into a war of the wills. Who would back down first?
I had told myself that I couldn't let the girls see me weak. I
knew they were only having fun but it was my luck to be the one
directly in their sights. But I could remember numerous time we
ganged up on one of the other girls. It was just my turn I guess.

Now as every piece of clothing came off, the flash on my digital
cam would go off. The girls got noisy telling me to TAKE IT OFF
and I had to remind them my parents were upstairs in bed. Luckily
my bedroom was downstairs. I finally got down to my small bra
and knickers and started putting on my new outfit. It was a
new little red dress and didn't take me that long to put on. I
didn't really know how worked up the girls were. They were still
continuing their attack on me as I posed up on the bed which
was my makeshift runway. I was standing and the camera was
flashing picture after picture. I began to have fun again until
one of the girls turned on the radio. Suddenly the girl told
me to dance to the music and with a large smile on my face I
did just that. Again, this was another major mistake I made.

The girls started telling me to pull the dress over my head. I
assumed that meant everything was over. I lifted my dress over
my head while I was still standing on the bed. But I had stopped
dancing and the girls started chanting for me to dance. I was
now only in my undies and bra. It was getting loud and I again
warned the girls about my parents upstairs. They all said if I
danced they would shut up. So suddenly there I was, dancing in
front of my five best friends, dressed only in bra and knickers
and I was standing on the bed with the girls all around pretending
like they were at a hot night club. I didn't see it but the mood
had changed. It was much more sexual now with the five girls.
They chanted for me to take off more. It shocked me at first and
I didn't think they were serious. But the noise level got high
and I begged them to keep it down. Again, they promised but only
after if I would continue to dance and do as they said. My
fighting lasted about three minutes. I knew they were too loud
and my mom or dad would be down any second. I just lowered my
head and let my body start dancing again. I knew they had won
another round.

The girls did keep their promise and the noise level dropped back
down to a reasonable level. But then the girls told me to reach
behind and unsnap my bra. They threatened to get loud again and
they ganged up calling me a coward and liar. I had told them I
would go along with what they wanted. My face must have turned
a thousand shades of red. I couldn't believe what I was about to
do. While still dancing to the music in front of my young
girlfriends, my hand reached around and my fingers found the snap
on my bra. I heard a loud voice say "UNSNAP IT YOU COWARD"!
With those words ringing in my head, my fingers released the
snap and before I knew what happened, the bra was laying on the
bed next to my feet. They cheered and told me not to stop dancing.
I was so embarrassed. But I didn't stop dancing. I just told
them they had to keep the noise down. My started moving and soon
I was moving perfectly in sync to the music playing from my
stereo.

The girl with the camera of course was snapping pictures from all
angles. She got many of me on the bed dancing topless in front
of all the other girls. I couldn't look any of them in the eyes.
Then two of them had the exact same ideal. As I was dancing one
of them said they would keep the noise down, but only if I danced
another five minutes for them. They made me shake my head YES
and once I did, the two girls knew exactly what they wanted to
do. In a quick bold move, they stood up, reached up to my body
and suddenly both sides of my undies were grabbed and pulled
down to my ankles. The cheers suddenly went wild. All the girls
wanted to see this and they ganged together chanting "DANCE,
DANCE, DANCE". I knew if I wanted them to stay quiet I had to
do something. I was so worried my parents would now knock at my
bedroom door. To quiet them up, I again started dancing. Now I
was completely nude in front of my closest friends. My body
moved to the music but my face was totally red and I was so
ashamed of what I was doing. They started to get loud again and
when I begged them to please stop, they made me even dance more
sexily then I ever had before. I just again gave in and let my
butt, hips, and breasts shake with the music. I didn't know how
obscene it really looked, but all the girls loved it!

Of course the camera kept flashing and one of the girls counted
down my minutes to go. Four minutes, three, two, one. Finally
the girls all clapped and allowed me to get down off the bed.
I dressed immediately and never felt so embarrassed in all my
life. But amazingly, all the girls really built me back up and
within 30 minutes, we were playing cards and everything was
forgotten. The girls were just having fun. They didn't even
look at the pictures they had taken. I put the camera back on
my dresser and reminded myself to erase them tomorrow. I didn't
want to touch the camera while the girls were here or they
might want to view them and I didn't think I could sit thru
that. The rest of the night was uneventful. In fact, we were
up till about three in the morning. But finally everyone found
a place to put their sleeping bags and soon we were all asleep.

I didn't even hear the phone ring. It happened at about eight
in the morning. My parents answered it and after talking for
over thirty minutes, they knocked on my door and got us all up.
They said something had come up and the girls would have to go
home. They didn't want to talk about it till all my friends were
gone. I didn't know what to expect but once the girls left, my
mom told me my grandmother was very ill. We had to leave
immediately if we wanted the chance to see her again. I knew my
grandmother well and we were very close. It hit me hard and
I packed a quick few things and suddenly we were out the
door leaving for California. It was a six hour flight and all
I could think about was my grandma. When we got there, we got
a hotel and went to the hospital. We found out my grandma would
only make it for about another seven days. After much talk, all
of us agreed to stay for the week. At least we could see her and
maybe say a few words to her if her condition got a little better.

My parents didn't have time to get anything at home setup before
we left, so they called our neighbors and asked if they would go
over and let our dog out and feed him. My dad told them where
he kept the hidden key in the backyard and nobody thought anything
else about it. The next week was all about my grandma. I got to
talk to her twice and it was the hardest thing I ever had to do.
My mind was only on my grandma and everything that happened at
my sleepover was totally forgotten. But my party was about to
become my undoing. Everyday we were gone our neighbor would
come over and feed the dog and make sure he got out for a while.
One night the lady couldn't come over, so she sent her son over
to take care of things. The boy was 14 years old and like all
other young boys, he was very mischief in nature. He fought his
mom and didn't want to go over to take care of the dog, but he
knew he had no choice and went to our backyard and got the spare
key.

Once inside, he let the dog out into the back yard and then
started messing around. He quickly found my room and of course
had to snoop thru all my drawers and closets. He didn't find
anything that really struck a nerve to him. He left and explored
more of the house as he let our dog play around in the back
yard. For 30 minutes, the young boy snooped around the house.
He was finally done exploring and let our dog back inside our
house. He was ready to leave and lock up but for some unknown
reason, he wanted to look at my room one more time. As soon as
he walked in, he spotted something he had missed last time. There
on the back of my dresser was the small digital camera. He walked
over and grabbed the camera and sat down on my bed. The camera
was not a real expensive one. It only had two major functions,
record pictures and play pictures back. He turned the camera on
and pressed the play pictures button. Suddenly his attention
was grabbed as there on the small monitor was a picture of me
standing on my bed in a short skirt outfit. He started clicking
thru the pictures and soon saw the other girls around my bed
looking up and me posing for them. It soon became apparent to the
boy that I was now dancing in the pictures.

The young boy had no ideal what he had found. He just stared at
each picture for about 30 seconds then clicked to the next picture.
Nobody had viewed these pictures so not even me or the girls that
were at my house knew what was on the camera. Suddenly the boy
had a surprise that really shocked him. I was now only wearing
my small bra and knickers and it looked like I was doing some sort
of sexy dancing in front of all the other young girls. He only
barely knew me by sight and because he was so much younger
then I was, he had never even chatted with me even though
we had been neighbors for over four years. Their family bought
the house next to us about four years ago. We had lived in our
house my entire life. Slowly the boy pushed the next picture
button on the camera and more sexy pictures popped onto the
screen of the small digital camera. He was a little disappointed
when I was again dressed in the short red dress.

He thought about going backwards to the pictures of me in my
undies, but he just kept pushing the next picture button. Then
finally, a smile came to his face because the pictures actually
showed me doing a strip tease for the other girls. It took about
fifteen pictures but I was back down to my bra and knickers again.
He was getting to see pictures of me from every angle dancing
sexily for the girls sitting around the bed. But when he clicked
the button again, he couldn't move a muscle. The bra that I
once was wearing was now completely gone. I was topless and still
dancing. He probably stared at this picture for two or three
minutes. He finally again decided to continue. He wasn't
disappointed even for a second. In ten clicks, he got to see
me in a way no other boy ever had. I was now completely naked
and my body was still dancing for the camera and the girls.

None of the girls knew how the camera shooting from below had
actually caught me in some very exotic poses. My pussy lips
were open a little and every one of my charms was right there
for the eye of the beholder. The boy knew he had hit pay dirt
and after looking at the rest of the pictures, he turned off
the camera and put it in his pocket. He locked up the house,
rushed to his room and looked over the pictures for a good
two hours or more. Then he had to call his best friends over
and they were so amazed at the young boy's find. I was being
put on show for three of his best buddies. One of them was
the first to suggest that they should copy the pictures in
the camera. And one boy knew exactly how to do it to. He told
the boys he needed to get into my room for about three or four
minutes. At first the boy who found the camera didn't want to
let the other boy in our house because he might get in some
pretty bad trouble with his parents, but after some quick talking
by his friends, he finally gave in.

All four boys snuck into the back yard of our house and used
the spare key to let themselves in. They went directly to my
room and it took the boy about three minutes to find my camera
bag and the cable that was inside it. He grabbed it and told
the other boys that is all he needed. They left and went
next door to my neighbors young son's bedroom. There they all
watched as the boy plugged the camera up to the computer and
the computer immediately recognized the camera. Suddenly, all
87 pictures were being copied from the camera to the computer.
Once it was done, he unplugged the camera and then looked at
the pictures using the computer. The computer screen was 20
inches wide and the resolution of the pictures were so much
better then the small digital camera screen. Suddenly the boys
could really see every little detail of what happened that night.
I didn't even know it but the boys were getting Biology 101 class
right there on the computer, and I was the offical instructor of
the course. All the boys were glued to the computer and the high
resolution photos that showed me strip dancing for my friends.

After about two hours, they all again went back to my house. But
this time the boys put everything right back where they found it.
They put the camera back on my dresser, then put the cable back
in my camera bag. Then they all left for the final time. They
wouldn't have to chance coming back into the house again. They
now had everything that they would need. For the rest of the
week, the boys gathered next door and had a great time watching
me do my strip tease for the girls. They knew my body as well as
I did now. In fact, they knew some places much better. The
pictures were really good shots. Of course some weren't that
good, but others were so revealing it was shocking! And it
really did make me look like a hot little slut type of girl.
Doing a strip tease for all my girlfriends, the boys actually
talked about whether I might be a lesbian or not. They talked
about everything over the week or so I was gone.

We were gone a total of nine days. It was a very sad occasion
in our household. Grandma was gone and I felt really bad. I
was happy to get home but sad for everything I went thru the
past week. I didn't even notice the camera until late that night
while I was sitting on my bed and watching TV. It then dawned on
me about the pictures. I grabbed the camera and turned it on and
could only stomach watching about ten pictures. Once I saw
myself dancing in my undies with all the girls laughing below me,
I was done. I quickly hit the format button and without even
looking at the other pictures, I erased the entire contents of
the camera. I didn't even notice there were over 80 pictures
on the camera before I erased them. Within four seconds, the
memory in the camera was erased and I put the camera back on
the dresser without giving that night a second thought. The
week away had made me totally forget about how embarrassed I was
that night and every little detail about what went on. I think
it was a built in function of my brain that didn't want me to
think about it. If I didn't remember it, then it didn't happen.
At least that was how I hoped it would work.

For a month life went on as usual. I didn't know about the boys
meeting next door everyday and I also didn't notice the extra
attention I was getting anytime I was outside of our house. The
boys watched me like a hawk. The oldest boy was only 15 and the
youngest was 13. Anything I did, they always seemed to be around.
But I didn't know any of them so I didn't have any clue I was
being followed or watched this closely. The end of summer was
about here and soon I would be back in school. I would be a
senior this year and was looking forward to everything that
came along with your last year of school. None of the boys were
even old enough to go to my school. They would be going to a
school across town. I started the new school year with all my
girlfriends in tow and not one of them ever brought up the
incident that happened at the party. That was the way we were.
We were close friends and everything stayed within the group.
In fact, I never let my mind think about it. In all probability,
I would have never remembered it for the rest of my life if it
wasn't for something that happened in my second month of school.

I went to my locker and when I opened it, there on the bottom
of the locker was an envelope. Nothing was written on it and
I didn't remember putting it down there. I slowly ripped open
the envelope and when I did, I just about passed out. There
were four pages in the envelope. On each page were four large
pictures printed out with some sort of computer printer. My
face turned flush as all the blood completely drained from it.
There before my eyes were 16 pictures on four pages of me doing
a strip tease in front of all my girls. It was like a mini
cartoon. I started off dressed and in 16 pictures I was completely
nude! And the last picture was the most graphic picture the
boys had. My legs were sort of spread as I was probably doing
some sort of dance move and my pussy lips were spread open some
and you could actually see my tiny wet pussy lips and the pink
insides. You could also just make out four other girls heads
looking up at me making that move. It was as close to X-Rated
material as I had ever seen. And what was worse, I was the
person showing ALL.

I don't know how long I stood there before I folded the pictures
up and pushed them deep down inside my purse. I looked for any
type of note or something but there was nothing. I pushed my
locker shut and ran to the girls room. I went inside a stall,
pulled the pictures out again and started to cry. I cried
myself totally dry of tears. I then knew I was already late for
my first class but I didn't care. I decided to head home and tell
my mom I didn't feel well. It really surprised her to see me
walking thru the door. I went straight to my room and whenever
my eyes had any extra tears, they ran down my cheeks. I wanted
to tear the pictures up and hope it would all go away, but I knew
somebody else had these pictures and I didn't have any clue who
it might be. Nobody had access to them that night. I didn't think
one of my girlfriends would have done this, but who then?

That was one of the longest days and night of my life. Once school
was out, I called all five of my close girlfriends hoping to get
some clue out of who left the pictures. There was no way I was
going to let on that I had gotten the pictures left in my locker,
but I was hoping I could tell by the way the girls talked to me,
that one of them was the one doing it. In a way, I was praying it
was one of my girlfriends. Then I knew it would only be a prank
of some type. A very mean prank, but at least it was a prank. But
after talking to each girl, I didn't think any of them had a
thing to do with it. I was as stumped as I was early today. Who
had sent me these pictures? And why no note. It would be a very
sleepless night tonight for me. The next morning I had gotten
about two hours of sleep. I went ahead and dressed for school
and I was so afraid to open my locker. When I did, my worst
fears came true. Another envelope on the bottom of my locker.

This time I stuffed the letter into my purse and went directly
to the girls room. In the safety of one of the stalls, I tore
it open and first saw another 12 pictures of me that I had not
seen before. All of them showed me either without a top of
completely nude. I had not even got to the note at the back of
the pictures because my eyes were so flooded with tears I couldn't
begin to read for a good five or ten minutes. When I finally
wiped away most the tears, I got to the page with the type
written text and slowly started to read it. It turned out to
be a BLACKMAIL letter. It was thru the letter I found out they
had 87 pictures of me. And they were threatening to drop an
envelope into just about every locker in the school. They
knew that would ruin me here in this town forever. And if I went
to the principal or police, they would lay low until the right
time, then make sure everyone got my pictures. Maybe at a football
game, maybe at a school function. My hands were trembling so
hard I could barely read the rest of the letter.

The last paragraph really got into the meat of things. They
knew I was a hot sexy slut from the way I danced for my girlfriends.
Now, they wanted the exact same show. They wanted me to dance
for them. They would hold a special party, and I would be the
entertainment. There would be many people there, and I wouldn't
know who was blackmailing me. But when the time came that they
asked for entertainment, I was to volunteer and get up in front
of everybody and do a complete strip tease. If I was completely
agreeable and didn't fight or complain at the party, then I could
have my pictures back. But if I didn't agree to do this one
party, my life in this town would be ruined. Once these pictures
got into every locker, the entire school would talk about this
for years to come. They then told me to use a black permanent marker
and put a big Y on the front of my locker. If I did, I agreed
to their terms, and I would get further instructions. If by the
end of today, there was nothing on my locker, then I had
better not come to school tomorrow. I wouldn't like the looks
of all the kids as they stared at the schools newest nude starlet.

Up until now my life had been so uncomplicated. I had dated a
few boys but was still really sexually inactive. I had never
had sex with a boy even though this was my last year of school.
I didn't avoid it so to speak, I just never found the right guy
that I wanted to go all the way with. I think I would have let
the right boy do it, but again, I just never met the right boy.
I fought all day not to cry in class. I looked around at everyone
and wondered if they were the ones doing this to me. I would have
never guessed in a million years it was kids from the junior
high school across the town. I never heard a word any of my
teachers said. I was stuck in a mind battle and I didn't know
who was going to win. Yes, do it. No, don't. YES, NO, YES, NO.

I knew I didn't want to do it and I thought hard of ways to stop
it from happening. But if I didn't do it, how would I stop them
from passing my pictures out. I didn't even know who had them.
And when I thought about saying yes, and then having to do a
strip tease in front of a crowd of other kids, well, that just
about made me throw up. My stomach was tied in knots as the last
class of the day was about to let out. I had to make a decision.
Both YES AND No were really out of the question. I wanted another
option but I just didn't have one. And I couldn't sit at home
and wonder if tomorrow when I came in, would every student know
exactly what I did that night at the sleepover? I finally made
up my mind. When the bell rang, I went to my locker, put my books
up, then locked my locker. I didn't have a permanent marker so I
used my red pen and made a big 'Y' in the upper right hand
corner. What more could I do. I was in a no win situation and I
knew this for now was the only possible response.

That night I didn't think I would sleep but because I only slept
two hours the night before, I was zonked out by eleven. When
my alarm went off, I wanted to dress and get to school early.
Maybe I could see who was doing this to me. I got there an hour
before school started. I watched my locker like a hawk staying
out of sight. But I never saw anyone move near my locker. I
finally had to go to class. It wasn't until noon when I returned
to my locker and opened it did I see another envelope. I knew it
had to be someone from my school but who? I was so wrong it
wasn't funny. Each day a different young boy was responsible
for putting the notes in my locker. Of all the luck, the day I
really waited and checked, was the day the boy who was suppose
to deliver the note was running late. He didn't get the note
into my locker till around 8:30 in the morning. Our first class
starts are 8:00. I was in my first class as the note was pushed
thru my locker vents and into my locker. Luck was still going
against me and I didn't even know it.

I went to the girl's room and opened the newest note. There were
no pictures it in. The note said I was very smart to have
accepted their offer because they already had all the pictures
printed out and would have slipped them into the lockers at
their earliest chance. It sort of made me glad I at least made
one right choice, for the time being it was the correct one. I
then read on and this Saturday night, I was to tell my parents
I would be staying at a girls house. They didn't care how I
did it but I had to make them believe I would be at someone's
else's home. Then on Saturday morning, I was to be looking
for another envelope. It would be the final one and give me all
the details I would need. If everything went right, they
promised me this would be the only night and that I would get
the pictures back. I would not be bothered again and they would
never tell anyone about any of this. I just couldn't believe
this was really going down the way it was. I was so unprepared
to deal with anything like this. I was too naive to really
understand this might never have an ending.

The week passed slowly. On Friday I got permission to stay at
one of my girlfriend's house. My mom didn't even question it.
We had done this so many times she didn't have to think about
it. She just said "Have Fun". I didn't know how I was going to
get the last note. But Saturday morning I found out. The phone
rang and a disguised voice just said look under your bedroom
window. I ran outside and there in the grass was another
envelope. I took it inside to my room, and read it over twice.
I now knew exactly everything they expected. They also filled
the envelope with 20 pictures printed four per page. They wanted
to remind me of what would happen if I didn't obey their demands.
I reread the letter one more time. I was to show up in the red
mini dress that I had on in the pictures. I was to wear no
undies or bra. I had to be there at 8:00pm and for one hour I
could mix in with whoever was there. They would think I was just
another party goer. But at 9:00pm, the requests would go out for
some type of entertainment. I was to raise my hand and volunteer
to do some type entertainment for the group. Music would start
playing and right there in front of everyone, I would start
dancing and do a COMPLETE strip tease. I would dance until
9:30 taking requests from the crowd. If I backed out or didn't
PRETEND like I was enjoying it, the entire party would be given
a large envelope with all 87 pictures of me AND at the first
opportunity, the entire school would get the pictures also.

They had boxed me in really good. I suddenly felt sick to my
stomach and spent about an hour in the restroom. I wasn't doing
too good now because in about six hours, I would be at a party
full of kids I didn't even know. It was a very long six hours.
Everything went thru my mind. At 7:30, I was finally dressed in
the tight mini dress and I couldn't believe I was going to
walk out of the house without knickers and bra. I finally figured
I would stuff them in my purse, hoping to get to put them on
at the earliest opportunity. I got into my car and drove to the
address on the letter. It was about seven miles from my house.
I didn't know who lived there but when I got there I saw about
fifteen cars parked in the driveway and the grass. I was
surprised when a very old woman answered the door. She asked
if I was there for her son's party. I shook my head yes and
she guided to the basement stairs. I walked down the stairs
and the entire basement was all done up in black lights and
ribbons and about 20 kids were already there and dancing. I
looked around and didn't know most of them. But about five
of them I did know. I couldn't believe it. All my GIRLFRIENDS
were there. They too were given secret invites to the party
and their curiosity got the best of them. I didn't need this
to happen but suddenly we all saw each other and I was right
there chatting with them like nothing was happening. I was
totally SCARED TO DEATH!

Most everyone there looked to be around our ages. Seniors for
sure with maybe a couple that looked like they already had
graduated. My stomach was up in my throat. How could I ever do
this. I had to find the bathroom again and I was sick for about
half an hour. I looked at my watch. It was 8:45. I only had
fifteen minutes left. Also about that time, the original boys
showed up. These were the ones who all got together and stole
the pictures off my camera. They set the party up with an older
boy but only under the promise that they could be there to
watch. When the older boy saw the pictures the boys had of me,
and when he heard what the younger boys had setup for me to do,
he quickly volunteered his basement for the party. He didn't know
how things would turn out, but he had nothing to loose. He just
made the young boys promise to stay out of sight until 9:00
came around. The young boys couldn't wait to see me entirely
nude in the flesh. Every night for the last couple months, they
had each done nothing but look over the hot sexy pictures that
each one of them now had copies of.

I watched my watch as it turned 9:00pm. I prayed nothing would
happen. But at 9:01, the music was turned down and the boy's
whose house the party was being held in spoke up and asked if
everyone was having a good time. There were about 30 kids now
in the basement. They all screamed, "HELL YA" and laughed out
loud. Then the words I dreaded to hear came out of the boys
mouth, "Does anyone here have any entertainment they'd like to
share with the rest of us"? I couldn't move. I just didn't know
what to do. I was frozen in my tracks. Everyone looked around
but nobody made any indication of any type. Then the boy asked
one last time, "Anyone have something they'd like to share with
the rest of us, last request"?

I knew what I had to do but my body wasn't helping me at all. Slowly
my hand went up and it surprised my five girlfriends completely.
The boy pointed to me and had me walk up to him. My girlfriends
had a completely puzzled look on their faces. When I got up there
the boy asked my name, when I told him, he announced it to the
entire group of kids. I couldn't believe that now everyone knew
my FULL name. Without any other words, the music was turned up
loud and it was a fast sexy song. The boy moved away and suddenly
I was there in front of the entire group of kids. I thought
again I would be sick right there. My stomach was turning circles
and I didn't move a muscle. For thirty seconds everyone watched
but I didn't move. Nobody knew what was going on. They didn't
know why I volunteered in the first place. Sudden the boy was
back up there next to me. He whispered in my ear, either do
something or go back into the crowd. His words snapped me out
of it.

I just sort of looked down and started dancing. Suddenly the
kids went wild. They were clapping and I heard some of the
guys say "Oh hell YES". My girlfriends were staring at me trying
to get my attention but I just couldn't look up. I danced for
about two minutes before I heard a voice yell, TAKE IT OFF!
I knew this was my cue but I was so scared. I danced a little
more and a voice again said TAKE IT OFF! Nobody up to this point
expect for five people or so knew what was about to happen. I
couldn't believe it but I remembered the pictures, the threats,
the kids in school that would get everything if I didn't
cooperate. Suddenly in front of the 30 kids, my hands grabbed
the bottom of the short skirt and in less then a few seconds,
it was up and over my head and I let it fall to the ground. It
was a complete shock for the entire group. I couldn't look up
and I was totally nude now. It was such a shock for me and
everyone else. My girlfriends just about screamed. They didn't
know what had come over me. The black lights were on and flashing
strobes were going off from everywhere. These had been going on
all night. They were the type strobes you'd find in a small
night club. It wasn't all that bright down in the basement but
the strobes going off in rhythm to the music really made my
nude dancing that more erotic.

It was only about ten minutes after 9:00. I knew I had to do this
till 9:30. I didn't know how I could survive that long. And again
I was at a huge disadvantage. The flashing strobes covered
completely the camera setup on the stairs. One of the young boys
now had his own camera and was snapping pictures of me dancing
naked in front of 30 or so kids. I didn't look up to view
anyone, much less look over to the stairs to view the young
boy snapping photos. I just was scared to death and afraid to
do anything other then dance. For five minutes, it went ok. The
crowd screamed encouragement and my butterflies were slowly
going away. My girlfriends had moved more to the back of the
crowd. They didn't want anyone to know that they knew me. They
were starting to separate our friendship. I had sort of crossed
an invisible line. They didn't know why I was doing this, but it
was something too far beyond their limits.

I thought I was doing fine until the crowd turned and started
yelling suggestions. The suggestions weren't that nice either.
Suddenly behind me was the boy who lived in the house. He came
up behind me and reminded me that my fans were giving me some
special requests. If I was going to be the entertainment, I
should listen to some of them. I remembered that I promised to
do some of the requests of the kids in the audience. I didn't
really expect them to request anything, but the boys were going
crazy now and the girls were so shocked they weren't saying a
word. I was like in another world now. So scared, so unsure what
to do. I needed somebody to step in and save me. For a second
I thought my prayers were answered. The boy who owned the house
and was giving the party guided me to a couch that was right
next to where I was dancing. He pushed me down and right before
the crowd he started positioning me how he wanted me. Finally
I heard him tell me to just close my eyes and listen.

I needed directions from somewhere because I was semi-traumatized
now. My eyes slowly shut and everything was drowned out except
for the loud music and the boys voice. He pushed my legs apart
and dropped one of my legs off the couch to the floor. I was
sprawled out completely nude on the couch and was afraid to move.
I heard the boy tell me to do as he said and my time would be up
before I knew it. That's all I wanted. Just let me get by the
next fifteen minutes and get this behind me. Suddenly my own
hand was led to my pussy lips and with the boys finger right
on top of mine, he had me rubbing my own finger up and down my
tight little pussy lips. At first nothing happened except the
background roar of the kids got louder, but suddenly my body
responded and my pussy drenched my fingers with my own juices.
I heard the boy keep telling me not to stop. Don't stop. No
matter what happens, Don't STOP!

Slowly he removed his fingers and my own hand never stopped
moving. I was now rubbing my own pussy in front of many kids
I had never seen before. But also in the background were my
five best friends, shocked beyond belief at what I was doing.
And on the stairs, the flashed of the camera kept going off.
My eyes were closed and I listened closely for the only voice
I could hear. That of the boy who now was really in control of
my body. I only wanted this to be over. I couldn't even hear
the roar go up as one of the older college age boys from the
crowd came up and unzipped his pants. He knelled in front of
the couch and I felt a hand on my head. Before I knew what
happened, something touch my lips and pushed into my mouth.
I had never sucked a cock before but I knew immediately that's
what was in my mouth. I started to move my hand from my
pussy and try to move away but the boy was right there holding
me in place. My hand was guided back to my pussy lips and I was
told to keep rubbing. It was all just about over. That's all
I wanted, for everything to be over.

I didn't know how to suck a dick but it was something you learned
on the fly. The guy did all the work pushing and pulling his
dick from my mouth. The crowd really was worked up now. They
were yelling for him to give it me hard and deep. With each
push his dick went further down my throat. I couldn't believe
what was happening. But then out of nowhere my body started to
shake and it hit like a bolt of lightning. My hips sort of came
up off the couch and right in front of everyone there, my
body exploded in a huge orgasm. My stomach muscles twitched
like never before. My young ass actually came off the couch and
pushed up and down a couple times to meet my own fingers. I didn't
even know I was putting on that much of a show. For twenty
seconds I forgot where I was. But the hot gooey liquid that
started filling my mouth brought me back to reality.

It tasted terrible. It was slimy and salty and I had no options
but to swallow the older boys full load of sperm. All memories
of my orgasm was completely gone now. All I could think of was
the dick still squirting sperm down my throat. When the boy
finally pulled away I was so relieved. I really thought it was
over. I even felt someone lift me off the couch. I was just about
ready to open my eyes when I heard the boy tell me I only had
five minutes left. The horror came back to my mind, FIVE MORE
MINUTES? I was sure time must have been up. My mouth felt
terrible with all the gooey sperm still sticking to the roof
of my mouth and my tongue. But I was suddenly pushed forward
and I felt the front of the couch right in front of me. I was
bent over the couch and my hands were sort of pulled by my side.
Without warning another dick slipped right up to my young
soft mouth. Before I had a chance to complain, the second dick
of the night was pushed up into my mouth. Again, all the boys
started going wild. I thought it was because the same guy had
again stuck his dick in my mouth. But it was what was happening
right in front of them that made them cheer.

I felt my knees being forced apart and my ass and pussy was pointed
directly at the crowd of kids. My pussy was now very moist and
this allowed my young tight pussy lips to pull apart as they
spread my legs. My hands were being held directly to the side of
me and I had no control of how far the boy fucking my mouth could
press up inside of me. He was already poking at the back of my
throat and he was trying hard to get the rest of his dick inside
my small mouth. He still had about two inches that weren't going
down inside of my mouth. He wasn't going to give up but so far
he had not figured out how to get his dick any further up inside
my throat. The roar got loud and I didn't even notice it. The
yells again went up, YES,YES, YES...

Right behind me the boy who had been talking to me since I got
up in front of everyone suddenly unzipped his pants. He pulled
out his thin stiff dick and it was as hard as a rock. He moved
behind me and for the first time tonight I felt a strange hand
on my pussy. It made me jump and I tried to move out of it's
reach. This didn't help me any as I really couldn't move a whole
lot, but it was exactly what the boy fucking into my mouth
needed. It changed the angle of my throat and mouth and on his
next hard push into my mouth, another inch of his dick disappeared
into my throat. He had pushed by my throat passage and actually
entered my throat. He felt it immediately and so did I. This
cut off all access to any air I was getting. Luckily he slid back
and opened up my air passage. I got one quick breath before he
slammed forward and his balls were now hanging right on my chin.
I was deep throating him and everyone there saw how far I was
taking him. My throat was bloated out with the young dick that
was now a couple inches down inside it. And again, I couldn't take
a breath.

I was so concentrated on not being able to breath that the movement
behind me meant nothing at this point. Again, the dick was
slowly removed from my throat and again I was lucky to get one
breath of air before I had the boys balls again resting on my
chin. I was barely surviving this attack when my worst case
nightmare came into being. I felt something resting right on
the entrance to my pussy. I sort of lifted up try to again move
but I didn't get a chance. I knew immediately my pussy was being
forced open and something slid up inside me about an inch. Oh
how I started praying it was just a boys finger. But on the next
push, the hard cock pushed all the way up to my protective
layer of skin. It pushed my pussy walls further apart then they
had ever been and when the tip of the dick hit my hymen, it sent
a small jolt of pain thru my body. At that very moment the dick
in my mouth slammed forward and with the balls resting of my chin,
I started to try to get some air again. I hadn't learned to wait
and time my breathing with the dick's rhythm.

It was about three seconds later the dick pulled out of my mouth
and a huge gasp for air came out of my lips. Just when my mind
was happy it got air, the dick in my pussy ripped forward and
right in front of 30 people, my virginity was taken and the
boys balls slapped up against my ass. I moved my ass to try to
get away from the pain, but to the crowd, it looked exactly like
I was trying to help. For ten seconds I thought I put up a fairly
good fight, but the crowd saw it totally differently. It really
did look like my body was reacting and helping the boys fuck me.
After ten seconds, my mind went blank and I fell back into
the defeated body syndrome. I just stayed there over the couch
without really moving as two different dicks buried themselves
in me as deep as they could go. I wasn't really now thinking of
anything. That is until my throat was flooded for a second time
tonight. It again was awful tasting and I had to slowly suck
all the cum out of the boy's long cock.

Then it hit me. No, I can't let that happen. I can't let the
boy behind me push all his cum deep inside my pussy. I was in
no way protected and my first sex acts were already as close to
rape as they could get. But I had no way of knowing what I would
do if my pussy was flooded with the boys sperm. I had to get him
out. With the dicks still in my mouth and pussy, I really started
to struggle again. My hands were being held by my side by the boys
stuffing his dick down my throat. All I could move was my ass
and pussy. I really tried to move my butt around and get the
hot deadly dick out of my now sore pussy. But my reactions were
again taken wrong by everyone. The music was up so loud none of
my groans or pleads were heard. My assed moved around like I was
really enjoying the fucking. And my tight pussy was doing exactly
what it was suppose to do when a dick was deep inside it, hug
it tightly and give the dick the best feeling that it ever had.
I fought for a minute and then suddenly my hips were pulled in
hard and my pussy felt like a faucet was turned on. It took about
two seconds for me to know. My pussy that had never been fucked
four minutes ago was now milking the hot creamy sperm out of
the dick planted deep up inside it. When I felt the sperm shooting
deep up inside me, I was really done. The boys now had completely
defeated any last will to resist that I had.

I completely relaxed and fell into a soft round of crying. The
dick in my mouth finally was removed and after about four breaths
of air, I begged for everything to stop. But with my soft sobbing
and crying, nobody could hear me. The dick was quickly replaced
by another. If ever somebody lost hope, it was me. Suddenly I
didn't care. My body didn't move and even a second guy climbed
behind me and fucked me for about three minutes. My very first
memory of sex would be sucking about five guys off and letting
another five fuck me while 30 strangers and my best girlfriends
watched everything. It didn't stop at 9:30 like they said it
would. It was about 9:50 when the fifth set of boys finished with
me and I still didn't move a muscle. But suddenly someone was
helping me up and dressing me. I didn't know who it was. I was
a zombie. By 10:00, I was driven in my own car away from the
party. I was in a state of complete shock. I didn't move or say
a word.

We finally pulled up to a house and I was taken into a back
bedroom. I was so lucky, it was my five girlfriends. They had
pulled me out of there and taken me to one of the girls home.
The spent the next hour cleaning me up and trying to get me to
pop out of my little spell I was in. It wasn't until about three
in the morning that I started to return to my former self. When
I did and I realized where I was, I cried like there was no
tomorrow. I knew what had happened and I knew all my girlfriends
had seen it all. They were the best. They talked to me and
told me it was ok. I think I cried most the night. No sleep for
anyone that night. It wasn't till the next morning we actually
got a few hours of sleep. Then when I woke up, the girls and
myself finally had a good chat about everything.

I told them everything. The pictures, the way I was blackmailed.
The act I had to put on in front of all the kids. My girlfriends
were again true lifelong friends. They told me everything would
be ok and they would help me make it thru this. They told me they
would have had to do the same thing if in my place and not to
think they feel any differently about me. It was a huge relief
to know they were on my side. They promised to help me get thru
this and put it all behind me. They hoped as I did that it was
now all behind me. They didn't know more pictures were taken
by the young boys. But even they would never be able to forget
what they saw. They might tell me it was ok, but it was at first
a real shock for them, then a real turn-on as they watched their
best friend take on two guys at once. And then do it about five
different times. When they would be with me, they agreed to never
talk about it. But when I wasn't there, I would be the topic of
their conversations for many months to come.

All of us girls stayed together the entire weekend and by Sunday
night I felt I could finally go home and face my parents. Of
course they would never know about what happened, but at least
my mind was now able to take what I was forced to go thru. On
Monday I just about yelled out loud as another envelope was on
the bottom of my locker. I cried all the way to the bathroom.
But once I read it, I felt so relieved. It said I kept my promise
and they would keep theirs. When I got home, under my window
would be the original cd with the only copies of the photos from
my sleepover night. Plus they would never both me again. They
thanked me for the fine show and again promised me that they
would not bother me again. A huge smile came to my face. At lunch
I would run home, get the CD, and destroy it once and for all.
My mind made me believe this was the only copy. But my deep
subconscious told me I was a fool to believe it. And a fool
I was. I had no way of knowing how my life would change in the
next three of four months. All I knew at this moment was I was
free from my blackmailers and didn't have to worry about every
kid in the school getting the pictures. Oh, if it could only
had been that easy....................