Tomboy
bySlickman©

Tomboy Ch. 01

Note from Slickman: This will be a slow moving story so if you want instant sex go elsewhere. Copies of this story may not be made for distribution, be publishing or copied to another webpage without explicit permission from the author.

Tom's life was thrown into frenzy when he found out he would have to move to another town during the middle of his senior year in high school. His father had lost his job and the family couldn't afford for him to stay behind. Not only did he have to move and leave his girlfriend Tracy but they were moving to a big city away from the small town of Clarkton. He had a rough time just before the Christmas break when he had to say goodbye to his basketball teammates and his friends. He promised Tracy he would call every night as she cried on the sidewalk in front of the moving van. He told her it would only be six months and they could get back together again at a college near Clarkton where he had hoped to get a basketball scholarship. .

The family had to stay at his grandparent's home until his father found a new job. The house was a lot older and the only room available for him was in the finished basement. He was happy down there because he had some privacy, his own bathroom and his own TV. He figured he would just spend the next six months in seclusion.

"Why don't you go down to the park at the end of the street?" His grandmother said on a Saturday morning before the New Year rang in. "I see kids your age playing basketball and I hear you are pretty good."

"Na, I'll just watch TV." He said feeling sorry for himself.

But she would not have it. "Out, get out of my house." She picked up a towel and waved it at him.

Tom laughed as he ran from the house. He moved slowly down the urban street noticing the neighborhood was clean and the folks seemed friendly enough. He had over a week before he had to start at the local high school. Maybe if he made a few friends it would be easier on him he thought.

When he turned the corner he heard the sound of someone dribbling a basketball and saw a guy shooting by himself. Not being that shy Tom opened the swinging gate to the fenced in court and stood watching the guy shoot. After draining about six long shots in a row the kid turned and tossed him the ball. "Let's see what you got."

Tom looked at the guy and noticed he was wearing long basketball shorts and a baggy sweatshirt. He was around 5 foot 10 inches and seemed to be pretty slim under the loose clothing. Tom hadn't practiced in almost three weeks and was a little rusty as the first shot was an air ball. The kid laughed and tossed it back to him. Tom took a few dribbled to get the feel of the ball and faded back when he shot his next one. This time the ball swished through the chains that substituted as a net. The kid didn't say anything as Tom swished his next four shots.

"My name is Billie," the kid said as he dribbled out to the corner and turned to make another long shot.

"Tom."

"You ah...visiting?"

"No I just moved in with my Grandparents." Tom grabbed the ball and dribbled a few times between his legs and whipped the ball back to Billie.

"Which school you going to?"

"Central Catholic."

"The team could use you." Billie laughed. "Our team sucks."

"I'm a senior so they might not take me since the season started already," he said as he did a cross over dribble and scooped up the ball into the basket with his left hand.

"Nice," the other kid said.

"Yo, Billie what's up?" A voice rang out from behind them. Tom turned and saw two more kids walking up.

"This is Tom." Billie said. "He just moved in."

Tom held out his hand to shake.

"John," the tall kid announced. Tom reached to shake the other kid's hand but he turned and grabbed the ball.

"That's Joe," Billie said. "Must be a bad day."

After the four shot around for about ten minutes Billie asked if they wanted to play some two on two. They all agreed and Billie and Tom played John and Joe. Billie matched up with John that therefore left Tom and Joe playing each other.

Before the other team knew what hit them Tom popped in two long shots over Joe's out-reached arm. "2 zip." Billie laughed. Since it was winners out Tom once again had the ball with Joe playing him closer. He faked a jump shot and flew around him to easily lay it in. "3 zip." Billie said rubbing it in.

Tom turned to see Joe totally pissed. Tom tossed him the ball to check and was surprised when the kid flung it back at him. Tom passed to Billie this time to allow Joe to cool down somewhat but Billie was trapped in the corner and had to toss it back to Tom. Again he faked a jump shot and dribbled around Joe. He left his feet to lay it in again and felt Joe's hand smack him across the arm and head. Luckily he was able to grab the post holding up the goal before he crashed to the ground. He turned angrily and stopped. He didn't need to mix it up with someone on the first day at the park. "Foul," he announced as he held out his hands for Joe to throw him the ball to take out.

Joe laughed. "The little pussy was fouled. I guess he doesn't know the playground rules."

Tom looked at Billie and John who were trying not to laugh. He bit his tongue and decided to go with the flow. If hard fouls are acceptable then he could do his share as well. Joe moved to take the ball out of bounds and Tom moved to guard him. John was a pretty good player and faked Billie to the left as he drove to the right. He laid the ball in. Thirty-one." Joe said smiling. Tom knew he meant 3 to 1.

Joe now had the ball and dribbled right with Tom guarding him closely. The boy flew to the right and suddenly pushed Tom away as he faded back for a jump shot. They all turned to see the ball swish through the chains. "Thirty-two," the boy grinned.

Tom realized quickly that urban street basketball was different than the park in Clarkton. If they could be physical then so could he. Joe again took the ball at the top of the key and moved to the left this time. He tossed John the ball as he cut across the middle and laid it up over Billie. "Thirty-three." Joe laughed.

Joe checked the ball with Tom again. "Welcome to the city country boy," he said as he backed Tom up with his hips. As Tom lunged to steal the ball Joe turned the other way and banked the ball off the backboard. "Forty-three. Five wins it."

Steam was coming from Tom's ears now as Joe once again took the ball at the top of the key and faked to his left. Tom pretended to go left but quickly moved back to the right. Joe wasn't expecting his hand to tap the ball away. Tom picked it up and smiled at the startled kid. Before Joe could react Tom's feet left the asphalt and his jump shot banked in the hoop. "I believe it is now Forty-four." Tom laughed.

Billie was open for a shot as Tom dribbled to his right so he tossed a bounce pass in his direction. Billie grabbed the ball and started for the basket and almost made it until Joe double teamed him and stole the ball. Tom quickly jumped in front of Joe and held his arms outward to prevent him from driving around him. Billie moved left and right trying to find an opening but didn't see any.

Tom was ready this time for Joe's hand to push him away. As Joe reached out to push off with his hand Tom did the same. His hand pushed against Joe's chest first and he suddenly froze. It was enough for Joe to move around him and make the lay up. "WE WIN!" Joe yelled as he moved over to high five John.

"What the fuck happened?" Billie asked Tom as they watched Joe and John celebrate.

"He...he.........has....breasts." Tom stuttered.

Billie broke down laughing. "Oh fuck I thought you knew Jo is a girl."

"I better be going." Tom said still shocked that a girl had beaten his ass in basketball. He waved to John and Jo and headed off the court. As he opened the gate he heard footsteps and turned around to see Jo smiling at him.

"If you ever grab my tit again I'll kick you in the nuts," she grinned.

"I...didn't know," he said still shocked. "I'm sorry."

Jo winked at him. "Will we see you tomorrow?"

"Yeah, I'll be back," he said as he moved away. He turned and saw her blue eyes looking at his ass. As he turned the corner he glanced back and saw the three of them laughing as they headed down the street the other way.

*****

"So how was it?" Tom's grandmother asked when he came through the kitchen door.

"Different," he replied. "Very different." Tom moved down to the basement and picked up the phone to call Tracy. He was not going to tell her he had touched another girl's breast. His fingers tingled as they remembered the soft feel.

"I know I miss you too," he said. Their relationship had reached a point where they had touched and kissed each other but had not gone all the way. They were both virgins.

"A dance? This Saturday night?" Tom repeated. "I'm sorry Tracy I can't make it back this soon." It was a three hour drive to Clarkton. "Yes you go but don't be messing around with anyone." Tom hung up the phone later and sighed. Life sucked.

*****

Jo waved goodbye to Billie and John as she entered her two-story home.

"Josephine is that you?" Her mother yelled from the kitchen.

"Mom, I told you to call me Jo," the girl said as she moved into the kitchen and sat next to her twin sister Karen.

"Out with the boys?" Karen smirked as she painted her fingernails.

Jo glanced at the perfect hair and makeup on her twin. They might be identical sisters in appearance but definitely not in life. As rough and tough Jo was Karen was equally feminine in her ways.

"Yeah so what?" Jo snapped back. "A new boy moved in the hood."

"Is he cute?" Karen asked sitting up straight.

"How would I know?" Jo laughed.

"Oh yes, you don't like boys do you?" Karen quipped. "Maybe the rumors are true about you liking girls."

"Fuck you." Jo said.

"Stop it right now," their mother said. "Can't you two get alone at least one day a year?"

"Yes if you tell her to shut up," Jo said as she stood and left the room.

Jo was lying on her bed tossing the basketball up in the air when Karen knocked. "Come in," she said.

"I'm sorry about the lesbian remark," her sister said as she came in to sit next to Jo on the bed. "I was just kidding."

"Whatever." Jo said showing no interest.

"So tell me about this new boy."

"God I don't know. He shoots a great jump shot and has good hands."

"Good hands huh?" Karen giggled.

"Is sex all you think about?" Jo asked.

"Well I'm tired of being the only virgin in.......," she stopped. "I mean except for you the only virgin in our class."

"I'm sure I can talk John or Billie to fuck you if you want." Jo laughed.

"God, you are so gross sometimes," her sister said. "Is he coming back to play tomorrow?"

"Who knows," Jo said lying.

Karen stood and walked from Jo's room.

It was later than evening when Jo walked from the shower that Karen came bursting into the bathroom that they shared. "Don't you ever knock?" Jo said as she quickly wrapped the large towel around her naked body.

"You know you have a nicer body than me. You should show it sometime." Karen said as she looked at her sister's full breasts pushing out the towel and the cute ass cheeks exposed under the terrycloth.

"I'm not a slut like you," Jo said as she grabbed Karen and led her out the door. Jo smiled as she looked at her body in the full length mirror behind the door. She pulled the towel away and saw the hard nipples pushing upward. She had tried to forget the new boy's face and his ass but couldn't. Her heart felt funny and the tingling between her legs had not gone away. For the first time in her life Jo felt real sexual desire. That night was the first time she had ever gone to bed in the nude and the first time in a long time that she had masturbated. The important thing was that it was the first time she had really climaxed.

*****

"See you later Gram!" Tom yelled as he ran out the front door. It was about the same time that he had played basketball the previous day and he wanted to get there early to practice some. He heard the basketball being dribbled and the metal backboard sound when the ball bounced off. He turned the corner and saw one of the guys shooting. When he got closer he realized it was the girl Jo.

"Hi," Tom said as he walked cautiously onto the court. He didn't want her to smack him with the ball or kick him in the nuts like she had warned.

"Hi," Jo said with a smile. "I'm sorry about yesterday. I guess I was a little rough on ya."

"Na that's OK," he said as he caught the basketball she tossed him, "I guess I was a pussy when we played."

Jo laughed. "John and Billie can't make it so I guess we can just shot around some."

"That's cool." Tom said smiling. The tough girl wasn't so tough after all.

"You know you are pretty good," he said as she swished two consecutive shots from the corner. "You must be on the team."

"Yeah I play," Jo replied. She didn't want to be the one to tell him she was first team all state last year as a junior and had the top schools recruiting her. "You're a shoe in to make the boy's team."

"I hope I'm eligible."

"You are." Someone said from behind the fence. Tom turned and saw a priest standing there.

"Hi Father Tim." Jo said as she ran over to open the gate to the court.

Tom dribbled the ball over to him. "So this is the one I've been hearing about?" The priest said looking at him.

"Hearing about?" Tom asked.

"First I get this call from a coach in Clarkton about this kid who can shoot the eyes out and then I get phone calls from others who told me to come to the park today." Father Tim said. "I haven't seen you miss yet."

"Lucky I guess," Tom said blushing.

"Well I'm also the basketball coach at the school and yes you are eligible if you want to come out for the team."

"That would be great." Tom said smiling.

"The first practice after the holidays is next Monday after school. Bring your stuff in early and I'll give you a locker in the team locker room." Father Tim said before he turned and left.

"I guess you are on the team," Jo said as she smacked him in his ass as she ran to pick up the basketball.

"Hey watch it!" Tom laughed.

For the next five minutes they took turns trying to make the most foul shots before they missed. Jo had hit fifteen in a row and Tom had twelve and was still shooting. As Tom was shooting his thirteenth shot he glanced over at Jo who was pulling the baggy sweatshirt over her short blonde hair. He froze when her tee shirt underneath pulled out of her shorts showing him her muscular abs.

Jo realized he was starring at her upper body and quickly pulled down her shirt which now showed her ample breasts. "Don't get any ideas," she giggled. She was glad John and Billie had not showed up today because she didn't like showing them her feminine attributes.

"Don't worry I don't want to be kicked in the nuts," he laughed as he stroked the thirteenth foul shot through the hoop.

"I think I'm going to beat you," Tom announced when his fourteenth shot swished through. As he aimed for the shot to tie her he saw movement out of the corner of his eye. It almost made him miss the shot which bounced around on the rim before it fell through. He turned and saw the most beautiful girl he had ever seen before.

"Hi," Karen said smiling at him. He was even cuter than she had imagined or even hoped for. "I'm Jo's sister Karen."

Jo saw it in his eyes the moment he looked at her sister. She had seen it before in the boy's eyes when Karen made her grand entrance. Today she had pulled out all stops and was wearing a halter blouse and a very short denim skirt. Her raised heels made her legs look even longer and sexier.

"Hi I'm Tom," he said smiling. He looked at Jo. "Are you two....twins?"

"It's hard to believe isn't it?" Karen said smiling.

"Yeah she's a stuck up bitch," Jo said as she hooked the ball fifteen feet into the hoop.

"Now-now sis be nice," Karen added. "I hope to see you in school."

"Yeah me too," he said realizing the smile had not left his face.

"If you are not doing anything later would you like to stop by my house? We can listen to some music or something?" Karen asked.

"Listen to some music or something...La de da." Jo laughed as she repeated the words in her sister's voice.

Tom laughed. "Sure I would like that."

"Come over at seven. It's the next street over number 82." Karen said smiling. "You are going out with the gang tonight right?" She directed to Jo.

Jo realized her sister had moved right in and had made claim to the new boy. Tonight the guys liked to meet at Billie's house to play video games. "Maybe." She answered.

Karen and Jo gave each other hard stares until Karen broke eye contact and backed off. "I'll see you at seven Tom." She turned and made sure she gave her best ass wiggle as she strolled down the street.

"I'll see you at seven Tom." Jo repeated as she copied Karen's wiggle. Tom broke down laughing and admiring Jo's nice butt shaking in the basketball shorts.

"I would have never guessed that she was your sister," he said as they sat on the bottom seat of a wooden bleacher near the sideline.

"I guess you have a girl friend back in Podunk right?" Jo said as she dribbled the ball while she sat.

"Yes and no," he said. "We said we would try to wait until the summer but being this far away is tough." Tom wanted to make sure Karen knew he was available in case Jo said something later.

"So you are like most guys. If something better comes along then take it right?"

"That's not what I said," he laughed as he jabbed her on the shoulder. Jo suddenly pushed him back.

"I didn't say it was wrong did I?" Jo laughed as she tossed the ball against his chest and caught it as it bounced back into her hands. Tom lunged to get the ball but she curled her arms and body around it. He tried to pull it away but couldn't. As his fingers moved around the ball he once again came in contact with one of her breasts. He froze waiting for her to kick him but she didn't. She acted like it was not happening so he keep grabbing for the ball and feeling her soft mound.

Jo gasped when his fingers touched her breast again. She pulled the ball tighter against her which then trapped his fingers between the ball and her boob. After a few seconds she relaxed her gripped and let him take the ball. As soon as he got it she jumped on top of him until he was lying on his back on the bleacher seat. Jo's body moved over his as he held the ball above his head beyond her reach. Her whole body was now lying directly on his and that's when she felt it. His hard penis pushed against her stomach.

Before Tom could respond he felt Jo jump off of him and saw her run from the court. "Jo I'm sorry!" He yelled as she ran down the street. He picked up her sweatshirt and took a deep breath. He had to get laid quickly because it didn't take much for him to get hard.

*****

"God he is so cute," Karen said as Jo smashed through the front door.

Jo looked at her sister and gritted her teeth in anger. "Leave me alone."

"What did I do?" Karen asked as her tomboy sister ran up the stairs.

Jo tried to forget about Tom as she got ready to go out to meet with the guys. She tossed on her Knicks shirt and long sweatpants and headed by her sister's room. She peeked in to see Karen standing in the sexiest set of black panties and bra she had ever seen.

"I guess those are for Tom." Jo said after pushing the door open.

"Yes, do you think he will like them?" Karen giggled as she turned her body to show Jo the black thong strap down between her buttocks.

"You are such a slut." Jo said. "I don't think he will fall for your shit."

"He doesn't have a chance. Mom and Dad will be out tonight and we will have the place to ourselves."

"God!" Jo said as she slammed the door and hurried outside. She looked at her watched and saw it was 6:45PM.

Jo made it half-way to Billie's house until she stopped and headed back to her house. She saw her mother and father's car drive by and when she turned the corner she saw Tom standing in her doorway. She hid behind a tree and waited for Karen to let him inside. Once he was in she moved down the small alleyway next to her house and slipped up to the small enclosed back porch. The door was eased open and Jo slipped inside the narrow hallway. She could hear voices from the small living room.

"I'm glad you came." Karen said as she handed him a glass of soda.

"Thanks for inviting me," he said as he watched her move over and close the curtains on the large picture window. Her skirt was so tight he could see the straps of her thong. His eyes never left her ass as she moved over to the stereo and put on a soft playing CD.

Jo tiptoed down the hallway and peeked through the louvered doors at her sister now sitting next to Tom on the sofa.

"Do you believe in love at first sight?" Karen asked.

"Er....well..." Tom hesitated not expecting her question. He had never been with a girl before who was so forward. "Hey where is Jo tonight?

"Not here. Answer my question."

Tom unbuttoned the top two buttons on his shirt. He was feeling very hot. "Are your parent's home?

"No we are all alone and nobody will be bothering us." She giggled. "So do you?" She was not letting it go.

"Love at first sight?" He repeated. "No I don't think so."

"Then you are wrong," she smiled and grabbed his hand in hers. She pulled it up to the middle of her breasts and held it there. 'Feel my heart beat."

Tom was feeling something but it wasn't her heart. His wrist pushed into one soft breast as his fingers pushed into the other one.

"Can you feel it?"

"OH YES...I feel it." He said with a cough. Her hard nipple was now pressing into his wrist.

"I've felt this way since I saw you today," she whispered. One hand kept his hand pressed against her chest while the other one moved up to push the dark curl back across his forehead.

Tom heart raced as he thought about the chances of this girl allowing him to fuck her. He would finally lose his virginity. But at the same time she was coming on a little too strong and he was worried he would fumble around and mess things up. "We are going a little fast aren't we?" He said as he jerked his hand from her soft orbs.

"When I see what I want I don't normally hold back," Karen grinned as she lowered her hand to this bare thigh just under his shorts. As her fingers slid slowly up and under the hem he grabbed her wrist. "I...a....have a girlfriend."

Jo could barely see the top of her hand as it pressed to get under his shorts. She thought about going outside and coming in the front door to interrupt them but waited. She wondered if her slut sister's tactics would work on him plus if she pulled down his pants she wanted to see.

"She's far away right?" Karen asked as she squeezed and released his muscular thigh.

Tom's mind was doing flip flops. He wanted to let this beautiful girl touch him but at the same time was worried about having intercourse for the first time. "I...ah....don't have...you know...protection."

Karen was taken back at first. "Protection?" Then it hit her that he did not have a condom. "Now it's you going a little too fast," she giggled. "I'm not that easy."

"Yeah right," Jo whispered as she watched Tom release her wrist. He was going to allow her to touch him. Jo moved slowly back out of the kitchen and down the hallway. She tiptoed down to the parlor doorway and looked through the leaves of a large plant. She smiled because she could now see their entire bodies and Karen's whole hand was pushed up under his loose shorts and boxers.

"Ah!" Tom moaned when her fingertips found the side of his hard-on.

"Holy cow!" Karen cried out as her fingers traveled up to the tip and back down. He was at least three inches bigger than her last boyfriend.

"Please take it out," Jo begged softly. Her own panties were soaked.

"I've got to see this," the girl said as she pulled her fingers out and quickly released the snap on his shorts. The sound of the zipper could be heard through the whole house. Karen wasted little time as she searched through the opening of his boxers and found what she was looking for.

Jo almost knocked the plant over when his long penis popped out into her sister's hand. She had seen one penis in her life and it was at a party not too long ago on a drunk 18 year-old kid who was passed out. The other guys had stripped him and covered his body with shaving cream. But, his penis was only about four inches soft. Tom's was at least twice that size and was rock hard.

Tom closed his eyes and remembered the few times Tracy had jerked him off in the back seat of his father's car. But it was dark then and private. Now his prick was on display in the well lit living room of a girl he had only met today. Right then he didn't care.

Jo watched knowing her sister was a virgin and probably wouldn't allow him to fuck her. She watched the girl's experienced fingers stroke up and down while at times she would play with his balls.

"Don't you want to touch me too?" Karen teased as she moved closer to him. Her short skirt was so high on her thighs both Tom and Jo could see the black lace design of the silky trim.

Tom's fingers quickly searched up her hot thighs and under the short skirt. His experience with Tracy allowed him to pull back on the edge of the undies and slide his finger under them until he found her warm dripping pussy lips. His fingers searched and discovered that the only pubic hair was a small puff on the top of her slit. He moved to the hard clit and rubbed.

"OH!" Karen moaned loudly. She did not expect him to be so good. Her thighs opened and she grabbed the top of her panties and lifted. He moved his fingers out to allow the silky black panties to move by. She lifted her feet and tossed the panties to the side. She giggled at his face as he looked at a pussy for the first time.

"You've seen one before right?"

"Sure," he lied. Actually he had touched Tracy in the dark back seat but she would not allow him to see her down there. His fingers returned and explored. She was a virgin.

Jo had seen enough. She moved quickly but quietly out the back door and up to the front. She made sure she made enough noise when opening the storm door and pretended to have problems putting the key into the slot. She pushed the door hard back against the stop and dropped her keys. But the time she made it to the parlor Tom and her sister were sitting about two feet apart and were staring at her.

"Shit it's only Jo," Karen said. "We thought it was Mom and Dad."

"Nope just me," she said smiling. "I didn't interrupt anything did I?" She noticed the large bulge in Tom's shorts.

"No...," Tom answered. "Yes....," Karen said at the same time.

Jo smiled and moved to the chair in front of them and just sat there.

Karen gave her a mean look to get lost but Jo just smiled back. "Hey Tom would you like to see my basketball signed by Kobe Bryant?"

"Really? You got Kobe's signature. Wow," he said. He watched as Jo stood and walked up the stairs to her room. He quickly jumped up and followed her.

"WAIT!" Karen screamed but it was too late. She would get even she thought.

Tom moved into Jo's room and relaxed. It had been fun with Karen but she had gone a little too fast and when Jo came into the front door he thought it was her parents. He took a deep breath as she reached up to get the basketball off her bookshelf.

"Are you OK?" Jo asked. "You look a little flushed."

"Yeah," he smiled. "Your sister moves a little faster than what I'm used to."

"Don't worry you are with me now," she grinned. "I'll protect you."

"Thanks," he said smiling. He had never had a close friend who was a girl before. He fell back onto her bed and tossed the ball up into the air. "Kobe fakes left and shoots! HE SCORES! Lakers win!"

Tom smiled as he tossed the ball back to Jo. "You know I'm sorry about what happened on the bleachers today."

Jo panicked as she remembered feeling his hard-on as she lay on top of him. "No prob. I'm cool," she said lying. Actually her body was burning up as she wanted to strip off his and her clothing and jump under the covers.

"Thanks," he said smiling.

"What for?" She asked.

"For being the first friend I've made here." His arms reached out and pulled her body into his for a hug.

Her lips lightly brushed against his neck. "I'm happy to be your friend." She whispered.

"Hey thanks for stealing Tom!" Karen cried out when she push opened the door. She stopped when she saw them hugging.

"God doesn't he know about your sexual preference?" Karen blurted out.

Tom and Jo broke away and he looked at her. Jo wanted to tell him the truth about how much she desired him but couldn't. "I...a...." she suddenly stood and walked quickly into the bathroom. As tears came to her eyes she heard Tom tell Karen he had to leave. A few minutes later she heard the door close downstairs.

About five minutes later Karen didn't know what hit her when Jo's body flew through the door and tackled her. "YOU BITCH!" Jo screamed as she grabbed a hand full of perfect blonde hair and slung the weaker sister around. Jo's body quickly jumped on top of Karen's and she pushed her sister's arms back to hold her down by her wrists. "I should kill you right now!"

"WHAT IS GOING ON?" Jo heard her father's voice behind her. Before she could jump off of Karen his large hand grabbed her arm and pulled.

Jo tried to get away from him but he was too strong. "She told Tom I am a lesbian!"

Jo, her dad and mother all turned to look at Karen. "I didn't say actually say those words!"

"She might as well have said them." Jo said crying in public for the first time. Her father let her go as she ran back to her room and slammed the door.

"Now slowly please tell us what is going on," their mother said.

*****

"Your Grandfather and I are going to visit Aunt Nancy tomorrow so you will have the place to yourself," his Grandmother told Tom at the dinner table. Tom's Father had found a temporary job and his mother was working at the local hospital.

"OK," he said wondering if he could get Karen over to continue what they had started.

As soon as his grandparents pulled away from the house the next morning Tom called Karen's house. He expected to hear Karen's voice but he heard Jo's hello instead.

"Hi," Tom said.

Jo recognized his voice right away. "Whaasup?"

Tom didn't want to ask Jo to get Karen. "What are you doing today?" He asked instead.

"Nuttin," she said. "Do you want to shoot some hoops?"

"Sure," he replied. "Meet you at the court in ten?"

"OK," she said before hanging up.

"Who was that?" Karen asked as she walked cautiously in the kitchen expecting her tomboy sister to jump her again.

"None of your fuckin' business," Jo answered without looking at her.

"You like him don't you?"

"NO!" Jo lied. "I just don't want a slut like you to mess him up."

"Jo I'm sorry about what I said yesterday," her sister said. "I guess I was upset because you interrupted us."

"I interrupted you," Jo quickly responded. "Just leave him alone." Jo turned and walked away.

"I can't," Karen whispered as she remembered his long shaft in her tiny hand. "I can't."

When Jo arrived at the court Tom was already there and was talking to some kids on the bleachers. She recognized her girlfriend and teammate Tina and Billie sitting there.

"Yo, my best girl Tina," Jo said as she slapped the other girl's hand. She just pointed at Billie who pointed back.

Tom and Billie took the basketball and moved over to one of the hoops to shoot.

"Damn woman why didn't you call me?" Tina said as she watched Tom go up and dunk the ball.

"Maybe I didn't want any competition?" Jo smiled.

"You mean cold hearted Jo has finally found a man?" Tina laughed.

"Shut it," she laughed as she pulled Tina up to walk over and shoot with the guys.

"OK who plays who?" Billie asked.

"Tina and I will take you two on," Jo challenged.

"Come on make it fair," Billie laughed.

"Billie please don't piss her off," Tom chuckled.

Tina and Jo took the ball out and the guys played them close. Billie took the opportunity to hand check Tina as much as possible. When his hand strayed to her small breast she slapped his hand away hard. "Careful," she grinned.

The girls lost the ball when Tom slapped it away from Tina as she tried to dribble between the two guys. Billie grabbed the ball and faked Tina to the left as he dribbled back to the right. As he rose to lay it in she grabbed his ass which knocked him off balance. The ball rolled off the front of the rim. "Hey no fair!" he grinned.

But Tom grabbed the rebound and laid it back in.

Tina could see that Jo was not her normal aggressive self because she had backed away from getting the rebound. "Hey love him some other time. We are playing hoops girl." Tina whispered.

It was enough to get Jo started. When Tom went up for a jump shot Jo turned and pushed her body hard into his to box him out. Tom's feet hit the asphalt off-balanced as his body felt back and he landed on his ass. "Sorry," Jo laughed as she grabbed the rebound and tossed it back to Tina who sank a fifteen foot shot.

Tom grinned and went immediately on defense. He did not hold anything back and bumped and pushed Jo whenever possible. She did the same and one time actually grabbed a hold of his prick as he pushed her off for a rebound. Billie and Tina were also physical and both made sure to get their touches in wherever possible. By the time the game ended all four players were at a high sensual level.

"Hey would you guys like to crash back at my place? The family is out for the day." Tom asked as they sat together on the bleachers.

"Yeah," Billie quickly said looking over at Tina who he had a thing for.

Tina smiled at Jo who smiled back. "Sure,"

The four grabbed their stuff and headed down the street to Tom's Grandparents home.

"My room is downstairs," he said as he guided them into the old house. Billie moved down the stairs first followed close behind by Tina and Jo. "I'll get some drinks," Tom announced from the top of the stairs.

Jo quickly looked around and saw a futon and a chair. A TV sat on a table in the corner and she could see a bathroom in the back. "Be right back," she said as she moved into the small bath and closed the door. She peeked in the small cabinet over the sink and found his shaving stuff and toothpaste. She pulled the glass shower door open and saw his shampoo and soap.

Tom noticed Jo was in the bathroom as he handed Tina and Billie a soda. "This place is pretty cool," Billie said as he and Tina sat close together on the futon. "At least you have some privacy. My room is next to my parents."

Jo came out of the bathroom and sat on the floor in front of the large chair. She hoped Tom would sit next to her. She got her wish.

For the next thirty minutes they all brought Tom up to speed on the kids and teachers at the school. Billie's arm moved around Tina's back and when his hand dropped to her shoulder she didn't acknowledge it. Both Tom and Jo noticed it right away and Jo became nervous sitting this close to Tom.

"Hey do you want to help me get some snacks upstairs?" Tom asked Jo. She said yes and followed him upstairs.

"You like Tina huh?" Tom asked as he pulled a large bag of chips down from the cabinet.

"What?" Jo asked not realizing what he was asking. "Yeah Tina's a..." She stopped suddenly realizing what he was asking. He really thought she was a lesbian.

"That's cool with me," he said. "I've never really known a girl who...you know...digs other girls."

Jo again was lost for words. Before she could tell him the truth he once again left her standing. When they returned to the basement they both saw Tina and Billie suddenly push away from each other. It looked as if they had been kissing.

"Sorry to interrupt," Tom said smiling.

"Tina, can I talk to you upstairs?" Jo asked as she stood by the bottom of the stairs.

"Sure." Tina said as she let go of Billie's hand that she was holding.

When they got to the top of the stairs and closed the basement door Jo laughed. "Tom thinks I'm a lesbian."

"No shit? Why would he think that?"

"My dumb ass sister told him yesterday. She was pissed that I interrupted her attempt to fuck him."

"You told him you aren't gay right?"

"Well no," she said. "Right now I'm his best friend and I don't want to screw it up by telling him I'm straight."

"How would that screw it up? Maybe he likes you?"

"I'm his best buddy. I thought maybe I would play the game for a while longer to get him to know me better. I was wondering..."

"Oh shit, I can see something coming." Tina giggled. Jo pulled her ear to her mouth as she whispered her plan.

*****

"What do you think that is all about?" Billie asked Tom as they sat waiting for the girls to return.

"I hate to break it to you but I was told that Jo is gay." Tom said softly.

Billie burst out laughing. "Yeah right."

"No really," Tom continued. "I think she likes Tina."

Billie was laughing so hard he didn't have time to tell Tom he was full of shit.

"What's so funny?" Tina asked as the girls walked down the stairs.

"He........" Billie started to say before Tom cut him off. "I told him a joke."

"Well tell us," Tina said as she once again sat next to Billie.

"Can't, it's a bad one." Tom added.

"Fuck man, we can handle it right Jo?" Tina said.

"Sure Tom tell us," she said smiling.

Tom thought quickly and remembered a really bad joke he had heard. "Why did God give women legs?"

Jo and Tina looked at each other. "We give up."

"So they wouldn't leave snail tracks."

Suddenly Billie broke up again.

"That's horrible!" Jo said as she slapped Tom's arm.

"You asked for it right?" Tom said, holding his hand up in defense.

"Let's forget we even asked," she said. "What do you guys want to do now?"

"I want to dance." Tina said as she stood up in her baggy basketball shorts and loose tee shirt.

"Me too." Jo said smiling. She held her hand out to Tom.

"I'm not into dancing," he said as he pushed back in the chair.

"Me neither," Billie said.

"Well I guess it's you and me." Jo said smiling at Tina. "Do you have some music?"

"Sure," Tom said as he jumped up to turn on the small mini-stereo system. "Fast or slow?"

"Slow," Jo said trying not to laugh. She heard the soft music and pulled Tina into her body. Her leg quickly pushed between the smaller girl's legs and crushed up against Tina's pussy. She didn't hold back as her fingers moved down over Tina's small ass. Tina's leg and fingers did the same to Jo.

"God," Billie moaned as he sat forward watching the two eighteen year-old girls grind their bodies together. His penis was hard already from his necking session with Tina and now was out of control.

Tom too was breathing hard as he watched every man's dream. Two cute girls were touching each other's ass and rubbing their pussies with their legs. He looked over at Billie and smiled. His mouth opened and his lips said, "I told you so" without making a sound.

"Are they looking?" Jo whispered in Tina's ear since she could not see them.

"On the edge of their seats," the smaller girl replied. "Are you ready?"

"Yes," Jo whispered as she turned her head towards Tina and opened her mouth. 

"Shit," Tom uttered. The two girls were not only kissing they had their mouths wide open and he could see their tongues rolling together. His prick was pushing up the front of his nylon shorts.

"Billie's touching himself," Tina giggled as her mouth moved away from Jo's.

Jo wanted to turn so she could see but Tina kept her facing away from them. She felt Tina's hands move up over her ass to grab the waistband of her shorts. "What are you doing?" Jo whispered.

"This," the girl giggled as she pushed the nylon shorts down until the guys could see Jo's pink panties doing a lousy job covering her pink buttocks.

"TINA!" Jo quickly turned the girl until Tina was now in front of her and her uncovered ass was pointing away from the horny guys. This was not part of the plan. Before Tina could react Jo grabbed the top of Tina's shorts and jerked them down to her knees.

"HEY!" Tina cried out as she felt the cool air strike her cute little round butt. She wished now she had worn sexier panties than the plain white bikinis.

"YEAH!" Billie screamed when he saw Tina's ass. Tina reached down to pull the shorts back up but Jo stopped her. "Take them off."

"You take yours off too!" Tina giggled.

Tom's wildest wet dream was coming true when he saw both girls push their shorts down and off their feet. They moved back together again and slowly did a 180 degree turn so the boys could see both of their rears.

"Take off the shirts!" Billie shouted.

"Do you wanta?" Jo whispered in Tina's ear. The small girl giggled and grabbed Jo's shirt bottom and waited until Jo grabbed hers. At the same time they jerked their arms up over their heads and pulled the shirt off the other one's head. When the shirts hit the floor by their shorts the two girls were standing in only their sport bras and panties.

Their fronts quickly pressed together again to prevent the boys from seeing their hard nipples and damp panties.

As Jo peeked down to see the high rise in Tom's shorts Tina's mouth again found hers. She opened her eyes in shock because the plan was only to kiss once. Tina's tongue was now moving for her pleasure and not the boys. Again Tina's fingers moved down over Jo's ass but this time they moved under the silky undies and touched her hot flesh.

Jo jerked her mouth away. "What are you doing?" she whispered in Tina's ear as the girl's fingers explored down over the bottom of her ass and slowly between her thighs. "Tina you are going to touch...OH GOD!" Jo cried out when Tina's fingers slipped between her dripping crease. No one, other than herself, had ever touched her there.

Tina's fingers moved up Jo's virgin pussy until she pushed against the little man in the boat as her gym teacher had called the clitoris. Her eyes were locked on the pink tip of Billie's penis which was now poking out under the edge of his shorts. "Touch me," Tina whispered in Jo's ear.

Jo was trying to catch her breath when she heard Tina's voice. The girl wanted her to finger her pussy. "This is....going too.........far." Jo whispered.

Tom had seen Billie touch his hard-on so he started doing the same. Never in Clarkton would something like this happen. He was suddenly so happy that he had moved. As Tina's fingers curled under Jo's ass the pink panties moved down until he could now see his new gay friend's buttocks in their entirety. They were magnificent. It's too bad she's a lesbian he thought.

Tina grinned when she felt Jo's fingers move down the back of her white undies and under her ass. Her legs opened to allow Jo to push her fingers into her moist folds. Jo quickly found the other girl's clit and rubbed it at the same speed Tina's fingers were doing to hers.

All four of them were about to climax when they heard a door open upstairs and footsteps through the house.

"Oh fuck it's my Grandparents!" Tom yelled. "Get dressed quickly!"

Tina and Jo pulled their damp fingers out of each others panties and quickly grabbed their shirts and shorts. They managed to get them on just as the basement door opened. "Tom, are you down there?"

"Yes Grandma!" He yelled trying not to laugh. Tina had put her shirt on inside-out. She saw him smiling and quickly pulled her shirt off and fixed it before she put it back on again. She realized both boys had seen her tiny hard nipples through the paper thin sports bra.

"Is someone down there with you?"

"Yes a few of my friends!"

They heard the door open and the footsteps of the older woman as she walked slowly downward. She peeked around the corner and smiled. "It's good you have made new friends so fast," the older woman said.

"Would you kids like some milk and cookies?"

"Sure," Tina said as she sat looking so cute and innocent. It was only minutes before that her fingers were toying with Jo's love button.

"Tom will you help me?" His Grandmother asked.

Tom glanced down at his hard-on and panicked. "I'll be up in a few minutes."

They watched the elder lady walk up the stairs and Billie broke down laughing. "What's wrong Tom can't you stand up?"

"Sure," Tom smiled as he slowly stood.

Tina was the most shocked since she had no idea how big Tom was. She grabbed Jo's arm when she saw his tower of power pushing the front of his shorts outward.

"I better throw some cold water on my face," he laughed as he moved into the bathroom to cool down.

"Did you see that?" Tina whispered in Jo's ear.

"Hands off," Jo whispered back. That piece of meat was hers.

A half hour later, after cookies and milk, Tina and Billie said they had to go. It left Jo and Tom alone in the basement.

"I'm sorry my Grandma interrupted Tina and you," he said as they sat on the futon.

Jo thought about her girlfriend passing the line they had agreed to. "It was pretty hot though. Don't you think?"

"God yes," he replied. "I think you have her hooked now."

"I was kind of nervous," Jo said thinking fast, "I really don't know what to do."

Tom blushed. "I guess two girls just touch and kiss."

"I guess I'm not that good at kissing."

"You looked pretty good to me," he laughed.

"I guess I need someone to practice with," she grinned.

"If you liked guys I'd be happy to practice with you."

"That would be cool," she said. "It's not that I don't like guys I just like girls better."

"Really?" he asked. His mind suddenly thought that maybe he could get Jo to play around some with him. "If you want to...you know....kiss I'd like to help you."

"But your Grandma," she said looking at the stairs.

"She won't come down and if she does we will hear her. She's pretty slow," he laughed.

Tom looked nervous. "How do you want to do this?"

Jo smiled and moved her eyes over to look into his. "Like this." Their eyes closed as her soft lips moved forward to brush gently on his. She nibbled on his lower lip and pulled it downward opening his mouth for her tongue. Within seconds their lips were locked and their tongues raced to turn the other one on. After two wonderful minutes Jo slipped her mouth from his but did not move far away. "That was a good start." She giggled as she took a deep breath and plastered her mouth again on his. This time she found his tongue and sucked it into her mouth.

Tom tried to keep under control since they were supposed to be just practicing but her nice soft breasts were pressing into his arm and side and her elbow was resting dangerously on the top of his thigh only inches from his hard-on.

"Am I doing OK?" She said as she pulled her lips away again. She smiled as his hands on her back pulled her mouth back. She knew her arm was close to touching his penis so she allowed it to slowly creep up his thigh until she touched the hard tip. His body suddenly froze and after a few seconds realizing she was going to keep touching it his fingers moved down her back and over her ass. He cupped her soft buttock and gently squeezed it.

Jo slipped her mouth away again and moved it to his ear. As she sucked on the tender lobe she whispered, "Who said you could touch my ass?"

"Well...I....," he started to say something about her elbow in his lap but her mouth again locked onto his. He felt her elbow sliding up and down his penis like she was measuring its length and hardness.

Tom was now moaning as this prick was ready to pop. Again Jo moved her mouth to his ear. "Are you OK?" She teased. "Do you want me to stop moving my elbow?"

"No please?" he begged.

Their mouths again crushed together and Jo's elbow kept rubbing against his stick. Ten seconds later Tom's arms pulled her tightly against him as he climaxed. "OH GOD JO!" he cried. He suddenly realized he had made a huge mess in his boxers and shorts. "I've got to clean up," he laughed as he ran unto the small bathroom.

Jo sat nervously waiting for him to return. What would they now say to each other? She was ready to tell him that she was not gay when he opened the door and walked into the basement with only a white towel wrapped around his lower body. The shape of his penis was easily seen.

"I better get some clean clothes on," he smiled as he walked over to a small dresser. He glanced at her and her eyes were on his towel.

"Do you want me to turn around?" She asked. Her heart was about to burst out of her body.

"Not unless you want to," he grinned. "I guess you being gay makes it all right."

"Sure," she quickly said. Her eyes never left his hips as he pulled the towel away and stood there completely naked. His ass was so nice and firm. She wished he would turn around.

"It's so cool having a friend, I mean a friend girl who I can be close to like this," he said as he did a slow turn. His long hard prick was pointing straight out at her face. "Sorry I can't seem to control it anymore."

Jo tried to act cool on the outside which was tough because her body was on fire within. 'I've never had a brother so forgive me if I stare at you."

Tom smiled as he slowly removed a clean pair of boxers and pulled them up his lean but hard body. He grabbed a pair of basketball shorts and pulled them up. "What do you want to do now?"

Jo was thinking about stripping off their clothes and letting him taking her virginity but she said, "I need to get going. I have something to do."

"Cool," he said. As she walked by him he reached out to hug her. She easily slipped into his arms and shocked him with a short but wet kiss on his lips. "When you want another elbow job let me know," she giggled. Tom smacked her on her ass as she ran to the stairs.

*****

Tina had hurried home to take a cold shower because the sweat from the basketball, the kisses from Billie and her sexual display with Jo had overheated her body. She was sitting alone in the house in only her bathrobe when the doorbell rang. She peaked out and saw Jo.

"What's up?" Tina asked as she let her best friend inside.

"You," Jo said. "What was all of that stuff in Tom's basement?"

Tina giggled. "I guess I got carried away."

"Thanks, now he really thinks I'm gay."

"What happen after we left?"

Jo smiled. "I got him to do some practice kissing with me and," she giggled, "I rubbed my elbow on his hard-on until he came."

"No shit! You didn't touch it with your hand?"

"No, but after he messed up his pants he stripped totally naked. I saw everything."

"Was it still hard?"

"Yes, I could hardly breathe. I'm still so hot."

"My parents are out for the day. Why don't you take a shower?"

Jo smiled. "Thanks." She had slept over at Tina's many times and knew the routine. She moved up the stairs and grabbed a towel from the linen closet. She was under the cool water when the bathroom door opened and Tina walked in.

"Care for some company?" Tina smiled as she tossed off the robe and slithered in the tight shower behind a naked Jo.

"I thought you already took a shower?" Jo asked.

"I did but now I want to finish what you and I started." Tina giggled. Her hand pressed down on Jo's stomach.

"You mean?" Jo asked just before Tina's finger pushed down into her golden bush and into her virgin slit.

"Just pretend I'm Tom and his long prick is rubbing on your pussy." Tina whispered as she found the little man in the boat and rubbed.

"Ummm," she moaned. She reached her own fingers down and into the dark hairs of her best friend. She found the pleasure button and caressed it.

"Oh Billie," Tina giggled.

As their fingers played their mouths again found each other. Hands strayed upward to cup breasts and nipples and to the rear to massage soft buttocks.

Tina broke her mouth away. "Jo...oh God...I never knew..."

Jo giggled. "Me too." Their eyes locked as they both got the same idea. Neither of them said a word as Tina turned off the water and they ran dripping wet from the bathroom to Tina's bedroom. Tina's hand pulled on Jo's as they walked up to and then down onto the soft bed. It was Tina taking the lead as her mouth found the hard nipple of Jo's untouched before soft breast. Jo's body felt like putty as Tina's lips and tongue explored up and over her breast and then downward until the pointy tongue teased the soft down of her bush. "Please," Jo begged.

Tina smiled and licked up the thin pink slit. Jo's hips raised and her legs opened which allowed Tina to gently suck on the small clitoris. It was all it took for Jo to experience her first climax by someone else. "OHHH!"

Tina held onto Jo's hips as the girl's body shook and jerked. When it stopped she planted tiny kisses on her body as her face moved back up to hers. "God Tina that was unbelievable. How can I repay you?"

"I can think of a way," the dark haired girl giggled. She moved onto her back next to Jo and pulled her arm until Jo's lips pressed between the tiny breasts. Jo didn't need any more directions as she moved left to suckle the tiny pink nipple. Maybe I am gay Jo thought as her mouth moved down and into Tina's dripping pussy. As she sucked on the small clit she wondered how Tom's large penis would taste. She smiled. Maybe I'm bisexual.

Luckily no one was home because Tina's screams shook the dishes in the china cabinet downstairs. Afterwards the two girls just lay naked in each others arms.

"Maybe we can invite Tom over for a threesome?" Tina whispered in Jo's ear.

Jo pushed her away. "I told you Tom is mine so hands off."

What Jo didn't know was that Karen was at that time knocking on Tom's door wearing the same short skirt she had on yesterday. 
