     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This is a work of fiction.  No reference to real persons is 
intended.  It contains strong, non-traditional sexual imagery 
and language.  If you don't like this kind of thing, don't read it.

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted. 
          
     Feedback is welcome.  Zebulon@fastmail.ca

     (MF, FF, Bond)

*   *   *   *   *   Start of Part 14   *   *   *   *   *

     There was, however, no improvement in Ted's sex life
after the performance.  Rather, things quickly got worse. 
Within months he and Lori were hardly speaking.  A year
later they were divorced.  Five weeks after the divorce, to
the day, Lori and Julie moved in with each other.  They
lived very happily together.  And it was not uncommon to 
find the two of them sitting in the inner circle at a Silver 
Manacle show.

     Burt later wondered if this might have been a result of
the drug.  'Was there some kind of permanent imprinting
effect?'  He considered asking the testing branch about this,
but didn't want to run the risk having to answer a lot of
questions about where the idea had come from.

                      *   *   *   *   *

     Shortly after the show Dom Donner was sitting
comfortably in the manager's office with Karla Bell and the
Eagle.

     "Well done," said Karla Bell.

     "Very impressive," said the Eagle.

     "Thank you," said Donner with a tight smile and a nod. 
She knew there was something special about this meeting
and was waiting for them to get past the niceties and to the
point.

     "You seem to derive a lot of pleasure from performing,"
said the Eagle.

     Another nod.

     "But this is just a kind of hobby for you, isn't it?

     "Of course," she said. "It hardly pays the bills."  She felt
sure he already knew that.  But she liked where this
conversation seemed to be heading, so she stifled the urge
to say something caustic.

     The Eagle did indeed know about her 'day job' as a
show girl.  "Would you be interested in making this hobby
of yours a career."

     "What exactly do you have in mind."

     Now it was the Eagle's turn to smile. "I can't tell you
'exactly.'  Not yet.  I can only tell you the details if you if
you decide to accept the offer."

     Donner frowned at that.

     "I know it's asking you to buy a pig in a poke, so to
speak" he continued.  "But I can tell you this.  If you join
our 'firm' you'll have as much wealth and power as you'll
ever need.  And you'll get it for living out the lifestyle you
only mimic on stage.  You'll also learn a whole lot more
than you already know about sexual pleasure."

     Donner didn't know this 'Mr. Eagle' from Adam, but
she had worked with Karla Bell for years.  The woman had
always been honest in her dealings with her.  She looked for
confirmation.

     "It's the truth," said Karla Bell.  "If you want in, we can
tell you everything.  But of course you'll be committed. 
There are huge confidentiality issues involved.  The offer is
based on trust.  You have to trust us and we have to trust
you.  If you have doubts, you'd better pass.  But know 
this--the firm is looking for trust as much as for your other
talents.  We're talking about a lifetime relationship."

     A long, long silence followed.  Donner seemed to be
deep in thought and the other two were content to let her
think.  There was no rush.  Finally she looked up and said,
"OK, I want in.  Tell me the details."

     And thus did Dom Donner become Mistress-in-Training
Donner.

                      *   *   *   *   *

     Candy no longer screamed with rage and frustration each
time she awoke.  When she'd first been brought to the
manor she rebelled at everything.  But Master Wiesel was
not one to put up with that for very long.  Having been
briefed on her background by Vincent the Eagle, and having
decided to take on the project, he knew more or less how he
wanted to deal with her.

     For the first three days he let her throw her tantrums and
treated her with gentle kindness, knowing she would reject
his every overture.  Then he'd thrown a stormy fit of his
own--for her benefit, of course.  He had screamed, stomped,
smashed things and feigned a complete loss of patience.  It
frightened her badly and left her feeling she had made a
terrible mistake in being so difficult.  Master Wiesel grinned
like a banshee after he left the room.  There followed two
weeks of what he called 'drug and rape' therapy.  He let
every slave in his stable have several turns with her.  By the
end of the second week she was almost catatonic.  Then her
real training began.

     A month later she was cooperative enough for the Mart
to begin diverting her wealth.  She contacted her secretary,
who was terribly relieved to hear her voice, and began
issuing orders.  Within another month her entire fortune had
been reinvested.  Candice Wilson was still a very wealthy
woman on paper, but her wealth was now entirely in the
hands of the Mart's financial managers.  Wiesel received an
impressive bonus.  So did the Eagle.

     Four months later, Candy was docile, fully trained, and
lived only to please her owner.  Her former existence was
gone and she didn't miss it.  In many ways she was happier
now then she had ever been before in her life.

     It was time to put her on the market and find a buyer. 
Master Wiesel preferred the auction block, but security was
too much of a concern.  Candice Wilson had once been a
public enough figure she shouldn't be trotted out in front of
too many witnesses.  She had to be placed somewhere that
could guarantee she wouldn't become a public figure again. 
So the barter market it was.  Mart security helped with her
sale.

     It took a couple of months to identify the right buyer and
to arrange the details.

                      *   *   *   *   *

     Mistress Donner's tutelage took place in three stages. 
At first she was flown by the Eagle to a Mart complex in the
Canadian Rockies.  He delivered her into the good offices of
Training Mistress Rega.  This was as much a test as basic
training.  If Donner had failed this stage of her induction she
might either have ended up a slave herself or have
disappeared completely.  But Karla Bell had selected well. 
Donner learned quickly and evinced all the qualities of a
competent and loyal addition to the organization.  After a
month she was ready to move on.

     Mistress Rega flew her to Mart headquarters in
Switzerland for the second stage of her education.  Here she
received detailed instruction from a dozen training
mistresses in just about everything from sexual technique to
finance to Mart policy.  Given her future assignment, she
also received an outstanding crash course in Spanish by a
slave who had been recruited years before just for that
purpose.  By the end of four months she had learned her
lessons well and 'Mistress-in-Training Donner' had officially
become Mistress Donner.

     She flew herself to Florida for the last phase of her
education.  She needed more information concerning the
details of her new assignment.  There was a great deal she
had to know and the best source was Karlo Brionez, a
retired Master, now living in comfort just outside the
Hialeah Gardens suburb of Miami.  He had worked with
Mistress Merilla for years and was very knowledgeable
about the prospects, problems, and politics of Bolivia with
respect to Mart activities.  On her final day with Brionez,
the Eagle dropped in to wish her well and to offer
transportation. 

     The Eagle was interested in being there for the first
meeting between Donner and Merilla.  He wanted to inspect
his handiwork and make sure the owner was satisfied.  He
had also been engaged to perform another custom
recruitment and needed details.  Fortunately, the route from
Florida to Bolivia took them almost directly over the island
of the contractor, Hector Martinez.  So they traveled
together and availed themselves of his hospitality.

                      *   *   *   *   *

     Vincent the Eagle and Mistress Donner found
themselves landing on a small, very private island in the
Caribbean.  Officially it was headquarters to the Shango
Corporation which had its fingers in a wide range of
legitimate enterprises.  Unofficially it was home to the of the
drug king-pin, Hector Manuel Martinez.

     Hector had sent a private jet to fetch them from Miami. 
When they landed they were met by Hector's new adjutant,
Roberto, who had replaced the unfortunate Raul.  After a
whirlwind tour of the island and a chance to freshen up, they
found themselves sitting down to a sumptuous dinner with
their host.  The Eagle had gotten the general outlines of the
contract from Mistress Tina and knew he would get the
specifics from Hector.  But he also knew they wouldn't talk
business until later.

     He was only slightly surprised when Master Alfred
Wiesel joined them.  Alfred had arrived earlier that same
day on another of Hector's private jets.  He was even less
surprised when he discovered that one of the three
statuesque, naked beauties serving dinner was Candy and
another was Andrea.

     He was glad to see Andrea again.  He'd make an excuse
to talk with her later.

     It was even better to see Candy in the service of an
Hispanic owner.  He considered his feelings about that and
was delighted to find he felt virtually nothing.  At least that
was out of his system.

     Candy didn't react to Vincent at all.  Her past life had 
been trained almost completely out of her.  She recognized 
him but no longer felt much one way or the other.

     The fact that Candy had arrived on the same day as the
Eagle wasn't quite the coincidence it might at first appear. 
Hector was so pleased with Sheryl and Andrea that he
wanted more.  Candy had come on the market just about the
time Mistress Tina started looking.  But even before she
arrived, Hector decided he wanted a fourth girl.  'Two for
each arm,' he had put it with a lopsided grin.  Mistress Tina
discussed the problem with Master Wiesel.  When they
realized that the Eagle had recruited both Andrea and Candy
he became the obvious choice for the project.  Besides he
was well known for having an expert eye in these matters.

     So there they all were, being served a fabulous dinner by
the three tall, blond, girls.  Hector and Roberto; Mistress
Tina and Michelle; the Eagle and Mistress Donner; and
Master Wiesel.  Dinner was wonderful.  Dessert was even
better.  And the coffee was best of all.  The Eagle was on
his second cup when Hector broke out some wonderful
Cuban cigars and passed them around.  The room was soon
tinged in a redolent haze.

     The talk at first consisted only of banalities about the
weather, the loveliness of the island, and Hector's
hospitality.  Mistress Donner was especially ebullient in her
praise.  Hector thanked her and, as the girls were clearing
away the last of the dinner flotsam, he added a comment
that led the discussion in more interesting directions.

     "You'll pardon me if this sounds self-serving," he said, "
but the thing I've always liked best about myself is how I
control of my own destiny."

     "I used to think the same about me," said Vincent almost
to himself.

     "Used to think?" said Hector.

     "Used to think," affirmed Vincent.  An interested silence
fell around the table until he felt compelled to elaborate. 
"Some of you know about Candy's background.  Alfred, of
course, and I assume Mistress Tina as well.  She was an old
girlfriend who had gotten under my skin.  She was a
festering sore in my life.  Eventually, I felt like I simply had
to look her up.  And after we'd talked a while I felt just as
powerless about my decision to recruit her."

     "So you did something about it," said Mistress Tina,
"didn't you?  You got rid of the sore."

     "Yes, I did.  But I'm not sure I had much choice about
it.  I felt compelled to either deal with the pain or to let the
pain continue dealing with me."

     "Well you had more choice than our recruits," said
Master Wiesel.  He stroked Candy's bare thigh as she
leaned over to collect his dessert plate.

     "It didn't feel that way," said Vincent.  "I've had a lot of
time to think about it and it seems to me that we all have
forces that control us.  When you work for someone else
you're bound to their will.  If you're a supervisor, you still
have to answer to your boss.  Big bugs have bigger bugs,
and on and on.  If you're the biggest bug in the company
you still have to answer to your board of trustees or to your
stockholders or to petty government bureaucrats.  Where
does it end?"  He didn't smoke but took another sip of the
wonderful coffee.  "Presidents and Senators need to be
reelected.  Scientists need funding.  Artists are hostage to
public opinion.  Even a hermit is subject to the whims of
nature and local zoning laws."

     "But we can change," said Mistress Donner.  She took a
thoughtful puff on her cigar and blew a large ring.  "I've
changed.  You changed.  We change our recruits all the
time."

     Vincent looked just as thoughtful as he answered.  "Yes. 
But that's exactly my point.  We change them.  We are the
force that molds them.  I changed because of the forces that
drove me.  You changed because of the forces that drove
you."

     "I changed because I wanted to, and the Mart provided
the opportunity."

     "OK, but why did you want to?" chimed in Master
Wiesel.  "I think I'm beginning to see Eagle's point.  We are
first and foremost what nature and circumstances make us. 
Where is the free will in that?"

     "Free will" snorted Mistress Tina.  "What is free will?" 
She put down her smoke, looked over at Sheryl who was
waiting in attendance, and snapped her fingers.  The girl
came running.  Mistress Tina reached out and gently
insinuated her fingers in the tall girl's twat.  Sheryl
automatically moved her legs apart as she had been taught
to provide easier access.  A few deft movements later and
Sheryl's face was a study in passion.  Her pubic hair was
glistening and the muscles in her leg were trembling. 
Mistress Tina removed her hand.  "You call that free will? 
How much free will does a girl have left once she's been
properly conditioned?"  She waived her hand and Sheryl
scurried away on wobbly legs.

     Michelle smiled at her Mistress's demonstration.  Aside
from Vincent, she was the only one at the table not
smoking.

     "Perhaps there is no such thing as free will," said
Roberto, who had been thinking over his own life and
wondering.

     "I'll say there is," replied Mistress Donner.  "If it weren't
for that pesky free will the Mart wouldn't exist and I
wouldn't have a job.  Someone's got to train the children
and keep them in line when they act up."

     "Call it whatever you like," said Hector who had been
listening with amusement.  "I don't know about the rest of
you, but I run my own life.  When I want something I go
after it.  And generally I get what I want.  Call it slavery if
you like, but I make the rules.  I answer to no one."

     "No one?," said Mistress Tina in a gently chiding tone. 
"No limits; no constraints; no outside rules of any kind?" 
She felt compelled to remind him of his relationship with the
Mart, but was being careful not to embarrass him before his
guests.

     "Tina-mia," he said with only a slight hint of strain in his
voice, "we are none of us gods.  There are always physical
limits and obstacles in our path.  But a free man with a
strong will makes his own choices and can overcome many
things."

     Tina, having made her point, said nothing and only took
another puff on her cigar.

     "I don't know," Vincent said, "perhaps we're all bugs in
amber to a greater or lesser degree.  Andrea was bound to
me by her conditioning.  I was bound to my past by my
traumatic background with Candy.  She was bound to her
gold-digging lifestyle by God-knows-what.  Then by an
accident of fate I came back into her life, she was
reconditioned by Alfred, and now she's bound to the service
of Mr. Martinez.  Genes and Conditioning.  We all seem to
be little more than fortune's slaves -- slaves to our past,
slaves to our passions, slaves to our prejudices."

     There was another thoughtful silence.  Then the
conversation turned to other things.  But they were all left
wondering, 'How much free choice do any of us really
have?'  No one knew for sure.  But the coffee and cigars
were excellent.  The night was warm and the mood, mellow. 
If life were, after all, a kind of bondage, it was a very
comfortable bondage.  At least for the host and the guests
seated round his table.

*   *   *   *   *   End of Part 14   *   *   *   *   *
 *   *   *   *   *   End of Story   *   *   *   *   *

     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being
posted, and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site
where it is being posted.