Wild Waterpark Fieldtrip 
by BetweenDuskandDawn

The young brunette teacher stepped up and boarded the bus, “One, two three…” she said, counting the students’ heads poking above the seats. “…eight and nine. Okay, it looks like everyone is here. Are you guys ready for the waterpark?!” Ms. Centino excitedly called out. 
“Hell yeah!” Danny, one of the more rambunctious students of her class, shouted from the back seats.
“Danny, watch your language! At least until we are off the school grounds.” Ms. Centino chided.
As the bus pulled out of the parking lot the students chatted lousily with excitement, cheering as they left the school grounds. Ms. Centeno searched through her things to make sure she had everything for the trip. Water bottles, sunglasses, beach towel, packed lunch… Where was her swimsuit? She frowned realizing she had forgotten it. “Did everyone remember your swimsuit?”
Maddie, a blonde girl sitting directly behind the teacher noticed her concern as she rummaged through her backpack. “I brought and extra one Ms. Centeno, you can use mine!”
“Thanks Maddie, you’re a lifesaver!” Looking around the bus, the teacher flashed back to memories of school bus rides her senior year, almost ten years ago now. “Some crazy memories,” she thought, remembering giving head to Jesse Walker in the back seat wearing her cheerleader uniform, and being fingered by one of the other girls in the squad. “I wonder if these kids are doing the same things I did.” 
After arriving at Willie’s Wild Water Park, the girls and boys split up to go to their changing rooms. Ms. Centeno realized quickly that the bikini Maddie gave her was going to be a little small. Maybe more than a little small. It was an adorably cute string bikini, white with a green floral design, and probably looked fantastic on Maddie’s petite frame, but covered up a lot less on Ms. Centeno’s curvy figure. “Maddie really wears skimpy things,” she said to herself. “And must be a B cup.” The teacher tucked her C boobs into the top, struggling to keep her nipples covered. “It’s a good thing I shaved this morning” she thought looking down at the bikini between her legs, barely covering the necessary areas. She turned to look at her ass in the mirror. Her butt crack stuck out at least an inch. “Here we go,” she sighed.
Most of the class was waiting outside when the teacher emerged from the dressing room. 
“Whoa, Ms. Centeno is looking hot!” Danny brazenly responded. Ms. Centeno caught Simon, the shyest boy in the class, dropping his jaw as he looked her up and down. She was starting to feel embarrassed, but loved the attention from these younger guys. Even though the bikini was clearly too small, it showed off her tight body, thanks to the hours she spent at the gym and doing yoga throughout the week.
“Let’s get a pic with our hot teacher!” Maddie exclaimed, giggling with the other girls. The four bikini clad girls lined up with their teacher in the middle. 
“This better not show up somewhere on Facebook!” Ms. Centeno said, nervously smiling for the photo.
Danny called out “Everyone say ‘Wet boobies!” before clicking the camera. Without hesitation, the female students screamed ‘WET BOOBIES!” and everyone burst into laughter. Ms. Centeno laughed with them, but then jokingly glared at Danny. 
“What?” he shrugged. “We aren’t in the classroom anymore!”
“Let’s hit some waterslides!” Holly called out. She was the shortest girl in the class, but also the most fashion conscious, sporting Gucci sunglasses on her black hair, matched with her strapless black bikini and silver belly button ring. She exuded sensuality, even as she bent over to pick up an inflatable tube. The inner tubes for the rides seated two and when held upright stood 6 feet tall. They looked like two donuts connected together with two holes on the middle to sit your bum in. 
“Ms. Centeno, I need a partner for this ride,” Derek said. 
“As long as you don’t tip us!” the teacher responded.
“Whaaat? I wouldn’t dare,” he mischievously smiled.
After waiting in a short line Ms. Centeno and Derek’s were the last of the class to go down the water slide. They plopped down in the tube with Derek in the back seat, teacher in front. “Are you ready to get splashed, Derek?!” 
“You’re going to get wetter than me sitting in the front!”
She squealed as they dropped into the slide, accelerating quickly. With each turn they slid up the wall of the slide, splashing water down over them, laughing the whole way. After a few bumps and sharp turns they dropped into a small pool at the end, but with such force Ms. Centeno went face down in the water with the tube flipping over her and Derek launched over her. Ms. Centeno camp up from the shallow pool laughing hysterically, sputtering water and stumbling to get up. The whole class was waiting at the edge of the pool for them, laughing at their crash landing. She realized their reactions changed from laughter to cheers and whistles when they saw her get up. She looked down to see her boobs were completely hanging out of the tiny bikini top, with her now cold wet nipples pointing straight out at her audience. “Oh my!” She quickly tried to tuck them back in, but now that the swimsuit was wet, it was almost impossible to keep her nipples from peeking out along the top edges. 
“You give one wild ride, Ms. Centeno!” Derek joked.
“Oh shush!” Using the tube, she pushed Derek back into the pool and splashed at him. 
After their first ride of the day the students were explosive with excitement and scattered to different ends of the waterpark for their next ride. Ms. Centeno noticed Simon, a timid boy in the class standing alone, appearing unsure of his next move. 
“Simon, let’s try a body slide!” she called over to him. He was almost startled by her.
“Um…okay,” he replied, as deer in headlights. They made their way up the stairs with almost no one else in line, and as they approached the top she realized why. This body slide was short and straight, with two dips, but just afterwards dumped its victim nine feet above the water. 
“Oh jeesh!” Ms. Centeno gauffed. “That looks scary. Do you want to go first?” She looked nervously at Simon, who she caught staring at her ass as he walked up the steps behind her. 
“Sure Ms. Centeno.” He looked more nervous about being caught checking her out. “This actually looks fun,” he said, trying to turn her attention back to the slide.
“If you say so, you must be braver than me!”
Without another word Simon was gone, shooting down the slide and then disappeared off the drop, and then almost a full second of silence before she heard the splash of his landing in the pool below. “Ok… this must look worse than it really is…” she convinced herself, closing her eyes. She let go of the rail, felt herself being propelled downward over one hump, then another, and a moment of weightlessness before she opened her eyes, only to see the water of the pool smacking her in the face. Spiraling about in the deep pool for what seemed like eternity, the teacher finally made it to the surface disoriented and confused. “Simon?” she sputtered water and wiped her face, still only seeing blurred images. She felt his hand grasp her arm and yank her up out of the water. She fell onto him, still without a sense of balance. Simon caught her, but she felt like he was being careful about holding onto her, and she quickly realized why. Once again her undersized swimsuit had come off, but this time both the top and bottoms were gone from the tumbling fall. “Oh my god, where’s my bikini?” 
Simon, who was mesmerized like a kid on Christmas morning, used all his effort to move his eyes to the water in search of the lost bikini. “I see it!” he pointed to opposite sides of the pool.
The helpless naked teacher looked around. No one else was there to see what happened. She relaxed for a minute, spotting a nearby maintenance shed nearby to duck for cover. “Simon, can you get it for me?” she pleaded. “Bring it over there.”
He came around the back of the shed covering his eyes, holding her swimsuit out in front of him. She couldn’t help but smile. What a little gentleman? She found it cute, endearing, sexy even. “Simon.” He stopped walking blindly, and partly opened one eye and it made her laugh. “Come here you silly boy, it’s okay. Haven’t you seen a naked girl before?”
Simon blushed and looked towards the ground. “Um... of course… well not like, you know… in real life,” he sheepishly said.
“It’s okay, you can look at me,” his teacher said. She was inches from him now, not attempting to cover herself up anymore.
He couldn’t believe it. Ms. Centeno was right in front of him, completely naked. She was perfect. Her body was so sexy, with water still dripping down from her wet hair. She was even hotter than the women in the Playboy magazines he found in his dad’s garage. They always looked soft, like their skin was painted, and they seemed to have the same curvy figures. But the woman before him was different. She was fit and her body had a tightness that reminded him of aerobics instructors.
“Thank you Simon,” she retrieved the bikini from him, and paused. “So if you haven’t seen a naked girl, you haven’t touched one, have you?” she mischievously said.
Simon’s mouth hung without a word. Ms. Centeno took his hand and brought it up to her breast. He cupped it and ran his finger over her nipple, and then did the same with both hands. Her nipples responded by hardening and poking outward almost instantly.
“They feel really nice Ms. Centeno,” Simon said, barely above a whisper. 
She closed her eyes and bit her lip, slipping away from reality. “Touch me, Simon.” She breathed, “Touch me here.” She took his hands and ran them slowly down her body, leading his right hand just below her naval and stopped. She opened her eyes with a look on her face the boy had never seen in a girl before. She spread her legs a few more inches apart and Simon felt a jolt through his body as his fingers touched her flawless exposed vagina. He rubbed her soft folds and realized that there was a wetness other than the pool water.
“Ohh…” Ms. Centeno moaned, closing her eyes again. “Put a finger in me.”
Almost panicking with this task, his hands explored the foreign anatomy of the beauty before him. 
“Here… right in here…” she pulled his finger underneath her, and he felt his middle finger disappear inside of her. “Yesss” she cooed, starting to rhythmically grind her crotch against his palm.
Simon was in disbelief. He was finger fucking the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. And it was his teacher, Ms. Centeno, who he had fantasized about all year long from the front row of the classroom. A good day was getting a glance down her shirt and spotting cleavage when she sat at her desk, or seeing the faint hint of a thong when her ass was tightly squeezed in a skirt. But this was beyond his wildest fantasies.
“You are so hot, Ms. Centino.” Simon’s voice was husky.
“You’re going to make me cum Simon.” She was grinding faster and breathing harder, running her left hand up her body and squeezing her breast. Her right hand then touched Simon’s chest. “Oh fuck! Yes! Ohhh fuck, I’m coming so hard!” Right before her body jolted, her hand moved down the student’s body and shoved it into his swim trunks. Simon stopped breathing as her hand grasped his hard cock. With one last buck, her entire body sighed and he felt her pussy release more wetness, running down his hand.
Ms. Centeno opened her eyes and relaxed her body. “God Simon, who knew you could do that?” she smiled. “And what do you have here?” Her hand was still holding his erect penis. The shy student was speechless as he watched his teacher kneel down and yank his shorts down. His cock sprang out an inch from her face, and she smiled playfully at him. Simon froze in disbelief as held his dick and licked the end of it. “This is from me isn’t it?” 
“Oh yes, Ms. Centeno. You are so hot! I can’t believe this is happening…” the young student was practically trembling in terror and excitement.
“You are a sexy boy with a very sexy cock! Can I suck your cock Simon?” She looked straight into his eyes as she licked the tip of his dick again.
“Yeah, fuck yes!” his voice was husky now. He watched his teacher stick his penis in her mouth, and she then began sucking him off. She took it out for a second, licking his shaft and swirling her tongue around the end, stuffing it back in her mouth, this time deeper. In fact this time he took the whole length of his cock. Simon moaned realizing he was touching the back of her throat. “Oh god…I’m…I’m…” and before he couldn’t say another word, he released his load into her mouth. Ms. Centeno’s hand tightened its grasp on the base of his penis and she sucked harder until he was done climaxing. She took one last suck and pulled him out, with a slight giggle looking up at him and wiping a string of cum from her lips. 
“You taste good,” she licked her lips again. “Did you like that Simon?”
“Uh huh,” he nodded, “I mean, yes, that was amazing Ms. Centeno!”
She stood up, and Simon was still starring at her perfect naked body. 
“Can you help me put this back on?” she requested, handing him the swimsuit top strings. He then pulled them tight behind her. She raised her bikini bottoms, kissed him on the cheek and disappeared around the front of the maintenance shed.


Wild Waterpark Field Trip ch. 2  

Ms. Centeno made her way across the waterpark to the private pool area, which was reserved for her 12th grade class. Her dark brown hair was still wet from the waterslides, draping past her shoulders. She removed the hairband that was stored on her wrist like a bracelet, and pulled her hair up to tightly secure it, allowing the sun to warm her neck. Along the way she felt the lustful stares of adolescent boys and fathers supervising their kids. Even some of the other mothers wearing string bikinis themselves had dropped jaws at the sight of the young teacher. She proudly flaunted her body barely contained in the undersized swimsuit she borrowed from Maddie, one of her petite figured students. With each step her breasts bounced, threatening to pop out of the tiny white bikini top. While it would properly fit Maddie’s small frame and hold her boobs in place, on Ms. Centeno the triangles barely covered her nipples and left the rest of the teacher’s busty chest exposed. 

She passed a teenage boy with an unabashed stare, as his eyes examined her entire body. His gaze paused at her pussy, barely hidden in the white and green floral bikini bottom. On her body it hung much lower than it would on Maddie, giving barely an inch of coverage above the crease in her lips, which could be seen in an unmistakable cameltoe. From the back, the swimsuit failed to cover any more than the middle of her butt, with several inches of her crack exposed and her cheeks spilling out. She was fully aware of the show she was putting on, and began to realize how much she loved it. She winked at the boy who was still staring at her exposed body, transforming his facial expression from disbelief to an embarrassed smile.

She had a little extra sway in her sultry step, after only moments before having a mind blowing sexual experience with her shy student Simon. She felt the sensual high after a more than satisfying orgasm, and the excitement of being so naughty in such a taboo way. She felt electricity between her legs just reliving the experience of her mind, seeing Simon’s face grinding her pussy and shoving his tongue inside her. She has guided him through the gate to from boyhood, giving him the experience of a having a woman going down on him for the first time. She had taken extra satisfaction in swallowing his seed and sucking him dry. She knew that she had just opened up the shy boy’s world to an ecstasy he never before dreamed of. 

Still overtaken by lust and desire, Ms. Centeno wanted to teach him one more thing. She wanted to show him how to take a woman. She wanted to be completely ravished. Looking up at the sky, she noticed the sun had not yet reached its peak. 

“There’s still plenty of fun to be had today,” she thought to herself with a smile.

Arriving at the private pool, there seemed to be no one else around except Maddie and Holly. She joined the girls on the lounge chairs, choosing the closest seat next to them. The two best friends were sunbathing and chatting excitedly.

“Hey Ms. Centeno! This trip is so much fun!” Holly beamed over her Gucci sunglasses.
“Yeah,” Maddie reinforced. “Thank you for this! You are the coolest teacher for taking us out here.” she said, sitting up to greet her.

“You bet!” Ms. Centeno responded. “Don’t tell anyone, but you guys are my favorites. It’s nice to get out of the classroom once in a while.”

Ms. Centeno couldn’t help but examine her bikini clad students. Holly, who always seemed aware of her sexuality and style, had an exceptional body for her age. Her strapless black bikini complemented her perky boobs perfectly. Her evenly bronzed skin hinted at no tan lines whatsoever. Her dark hair was short for a girl’s style, fashionably cute and precise as if it was chosen from a beauty magazine. Even though they were at the pool, Holly wore red lipstick that complemented her rich skin tone. A silver belly button ring commanded eyes to her flat abs, evidence of her athletic physique. Running her gaze along the girl’s smooth tanned legs, Ms. Centeno could tell Holly spent time on her beauty and refined her details down to her wine-red painted toenails. For the first time revealed to Ms. Centeno, she noticed a tattoo above Holly’s right shoulder blade of a rose with a thorn pricking a single drop of blood. She suspected that Holly might be less innocent than her other students. 

Maddie, on the other hand, was noticeably a different type of girl. She embraced her natural beauty but in a refined way of clear nail polish and neutral toned lipstick. As she always did, she kept her long blonde hair pulled back to a pony tail. Without piercings or tattoos, she had a simpler style but radiated personality with her intellect and light hearted humor. The star and captain of the girls’ volleyball team, Maddie’s skinny frame was conditioned optimally for quickness. Her boobs were smaller than Holly’s, but the pink and white polka-dotted two piece swimsuit she wore left plenty of cleavage. 

The 28 year old teacher bent over to lay her towel across the chair and caught Maddie looking at her exposed ass.

“Wow, Ms. Centeno,” Maddie said, “You look really great in my bikini!”

“Thanks again for letting me borrow it. It’s really cute!” Ms. Centeno replied, adjusting the straps. “Maybe a little small on me though.”

“It’s very sexy that way.”

“Way sexier!” Holly agreed. “I need to get one that fits like that.”

Their teacher blushed, looking down at her near naked body. “I will have minimal tan lines, that’s for sure.”

Holly flipped over from lying on her stomach and looked around. “I bet we could avoid any tan lines.”

Both Maddie and Ms. Centeno looked at her with puzzled looks. 

“There’s been no one around. We could take our tops off.”

Maddie bit her lip in question, but in the spirit of the excitement that already started this day, Ms. Centeno smiled in agreement. “Sure, it’s quite private back here.”

After looking around one more time for any other witnesses, Maddie slowly untied her bikini top and noticed that both her teacher and best friend were already topless with their chests exposed to the sun above. She felt self-conscious being semi naked in public and noticed how full and round their breasts were in comparison to hers.

“You guys both really have great boobs,” Maddie admired.

“You do too!” Holly said, “You know I’ve seen them in the showers after practice.”

Maddie still hesitated to bear them. “But they’re small.”

“You have a great body,” Ms. Centeno encouraged. “We are all friends here anyway.”

“Okay.” Maddie slowly pulled the strings letting her top fall, exposing her B cups and felt her nipples stiffen against the fresh air.

“Your boobs are perfect!” Ms. Centeno exclaimed, admiring the girl’s youth and beauty. 

“You think so?” 

“Absolutely. You should be proud of them.” Ms. Centeno decided to take it one step further. “Can I touch them?”

It worked. Maddie laughed and relaxed, letting her hands fall and pushed her chest out. “Sure!”

The teacher ran her hands over Maddie’s chest, cupping around her breasts and gently thumbing over her nipples. Holly had a devilish grin on her face and grabbed the sun screen lotion, squeezing some out in her palm. 

“We need to keep these babies from burning!” Holly said before her friend has any chance to object, rubbing lotion down Maddie’s shoulders and massaging it into her breasts. 

Just then the girls were startled, as a shadow approached them. There was Derek, a muscular jock in the class, watching the whole erotic scene unfold. He was carefully approaching them, trying to get a closer look without being noticed. The three young women spun around to see who their voyeur was, and relaxed when they recognized their sandy-haired friend, now frozen in his tracks. With his cover blown, he stopped and smiled at them, standing shirtless in his wet orange and blue swim trunks dripping on the payment. 
“You guys are getting started without me?” he grinned ear to ear, knowing he caught them in the act and had an opportunity to take advantage of the situation. He couldn’t believe his luck. He had just discovered his young hot teacher and two of the sexiest girls in his class all topless, groping each other. 

Without missing a beat, Ms. Centeno tossed the lotion over to him. “Well don’t just stand there, Derek. You can start on my back.” 

Kneeling next to her, Derek he loaded his hands with generous amounts of sunscreen, still in disbelief that he was about to have his hands all over Ms. Centeno. A nearly naked, topless Ms. Centeno. He admired her body as he slowly rubbed her neck, shoulders, and back until he reached where her ass was hanging out. He paused, pondering how much of her he should try to touch. He noticed that she had her eyes closed in a relaxed state.

Deciding to push his luck, Derek ran his hands down her ass, covering every inch of bare skin, even sliding his fingers underneath the bikini a little, squeezing her ass firmly. He expected his teacher to yell at him or at least tell him to stop, but the only response was a sigh of pleasure as he massaged her. 
“Holy. Fucking. Shit!” his mind screamed with excitement, also acknowledging that beside him Holly and Maddie seemed to be enjoying each other as they took turns applying lotion on each other’s bodies. “This is awesome!”
Maddie seemed self-conscious about him being present, attempting to hide her naked torso from his view, but Holly was boldly leaving boobs uncovered.
Just when he thought his fun was over after finishing his teacher’s legs, she turned over brazenly exposing her breasts to him again and asked him to get her front too. “You’re doing a great job, Derek,” she praised. “Would you be a dear and finish me off?” 

There was something about the way she said “finish me off” that made his body jolt. Ms. Centeno turned over without even trying to cover her breasts, like Derek wasn’t even there. He couldn’t help but stare at them, so full and perfectly round. The first thought that came to his mind was that they were definitely bigger than any he had ever felt up. He spent a great deal of time touching her tits, massaging them and slightly pinching her nipples so they got hard and pointed towards the sky.

“Mmm….” Ms. Centeno moaned with pleasure. Barely opening her eyes wide enough to see Derek, she saw the bulge in his swim trunks growing larger. Unlike Simon, Derek was not timid and had noticeable sexual confidence. With him she was enjoying being a tease though, despite how incredibly horny she was becoming. “That feels sooo good… “she squealed, barely above a whisper. She then spread her legs a little wider. “Make sure you don’t miss a spot.”

“Sure thing,” Derek replied, second guessing in his mind what she meant. “Does she mean what I think she means?” 

He looked down at her glistening body before him. Her bikini, which barely covered her pussy to begin with, was loosened and slipping to the side. Running his hands up down her flat stomach and over her pelvic bone, he decided to go for it. Sliding his hand under the swimsuit he felt the folds of her pussy, he didn’t stop until he reached the opening of her vagina. But instead of entering he decided to tease her a little bit too, gliding his middle finger up along her slit. He pulled the bikini to the side and took in the spectacular view before him, which he could tell was wet from him exciting her. 

Ms. Centeno spread her legs even further and Derek knew what he needed to do. He licked his middle finger and slowly worked inside of his teacher, simultaneously rubbing her clit with his thumb. He had fooled around with many girls he knew at school, after football games and at parties, even that one time in the janitor’s closet skipping gym class. He knew how to read a woman’s physical response and how to tell when she liked it. And he could tell that Ms. Centeno was loving it. Her breath was getting heavy and Derek noticed how she was biting her lip. She was getting wetter and slippier so he put in another finger, and then a third. 

While the teacher was lost in ecstasy, Derek only briefly looked over to the other girls. Maddie was lying face down, possibly sleeping, unaware of what was happening two chairs away. Holly, on the other hand, was shamelessly watching them. She was still topless, but now had her bottoms pulled down to her knees and was fingering herself like crazy. 

Derek went back to paying attention to Ms. Centeno, increasing his speed and force until she was panting. He didn’t know how much more of this he could take before he came himself. Just before he thought he would explode, his nympho teacher bucked against his palm with one last thrust.

“Fuck!” she cried out, humping his hand into the air and squeezing her breasts. Holly also started coming, splattering all over her chair as she viciously frigged herself off. With looks of exhaustion they smiled and looked at each other, while Derek decided he couldn’t take it any longer and headed over to the men’s room to relieve himself. 

“He couldn’t take the heat I guess,” Holly teased.

Ms. Centeno laughed. “I guess not.”

Still naked with their pussies exposed, their giggling voices woke up Maddie, who must have been asleep through the entire escapade. She groggily turned and squinted into the sun. 

“What are you guys laughing about?”


