Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Seventy-Nine: Breaking the Amazon's Pussy
Summary: Lasla has to break Antagony while Kurtis fights to defeat the Skull Tigress!
Keywords: MF HF HFF inc oral bond D/s lesdom fantasy magic viol
Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Pyrriah  Uth Jungle

I recoiled from the pain of having the Skull Tigress rip out of my eye. Blood spurted from the wound as half the world went black. I shook my head, snarling. My brother was being choked to death by the bitch, and there was nothing I could do.

Nothing hurt her.

I couldn't even scratch her.

Frustration boiled through me. It erupted from me in a vast breath of purple mist that engulfed the Skull Tigress. It was pure lust. Concentrated desire. It wouldn't work. I knew my brother had already tried. The creature only wanted bloodlust.

But I had nothing else.

My brother was dying.

Mother, too.

Everything had gone wrong. It was a complete disaster. We were so close to being done with this quest. To reunite with our familyto see my daughters againand all I could do was breath this mist that couldn't hurt anything.

I was a failure as a dragon. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I couldn't breathe. My vision grew blacker and blacker. I died.

Purple engulfed me.

A lust so profound washed through me. I had never felt anything like this. I grabbed the Skull Tigress's hands. She snarled as her fingers twitched around me. My cock had gone to full staff, ripping through the loincloth.

I roared with animalistic passion and wrenched her hands from my throat. She snarled in shock as the lust filled me. Her large, firm breasts heaved before me. She had a youthful body. Mature and young at the same time.

A motherly maiden.

I had to have her.

To take her.

I threw her back. She gasped as she stumbled. I leaped at her before she could recover, my muscles enhanced by desire. By the high of my sister's breath. She had suffused me with a lust beyond anything I had ever felt.

Pussy!

I needed pussy.

And there was a pussycat before me.

I struck her and slammed her onto the ground. The rakshasa bitch snarled as I pinned her hands over her head. My cock pressed into her thick bush. I rammed to the hilt in her pussy, burying into a cunt that hadn't been used in so long it was practically virginal.

Tight.

Hot.

Wet.

She snarled with rage. It burned in her feline eyes. The pussycat thrashed beneath me. Her muzzle flashed up and she bit me. She sank her teeth into my shoulder. I didn't care. I didn't feel the pain. I drew back my cock and slammed back into her.

She ripped her mouth back and snarled. I growled back at her, ramming my dick in and out of her pussy like an animal. The lust burned so hot through me. It was incredible to feel her cunt squeezing down around me.

I slammed over and over into her pussy. I fucked her hard. She bucked, trying to knock me off. Her muzzle flashed up again. I slammed my head down it her muzzle. She gasped at the headbutt. I growled with feral lust.

My shoulder throbbed and healed. Nothing could stop me from fucking her. No injury could slow me down. I was Lust. The incarnation of desire. My entire being focused on my cock thrusting in and out of her cunt. I fucked her hard and fast.

She squeezed down on me. She gripped me with that hot flesh. she drove me wild as I fucked into her twat. I loved every second of spearing into her snatch. I fucked her with all that I had. I buried into her over and over again. 

She growled and snarled. She ripped her arms out of my grip. I didn't care. I buried my face into the fur of her neck, reveling in the softness on my cheek as I drilled my dick in and out of her hot, tight, juicy cunt.

She clawed my back.

The pussycat ripped her claws down my back. The pain burned hot as I drilled into her. I didn't care. Let her rake my back. I had her cunt wrapped around my dick. Nothing mattered but bursting into her cunt. 

She snarled, her claws digging into my back. I healed faster than the pussycat could hurt me. I drilled into her, loving the feel of her whiskers on my face. I plowed my cunt to the hilt in her. She snarled in rage.

That's right! I growled, pumping away at her. You're my pussycat! I'm taming your cunt! Yes, yes!

She growled as I did that. I buried into her over and over again. I plowed into her snatch with all that I had. It was just perfect fucking her like that. I pounded her with all that I had. I hammered her cunt with every thing that I had.

You're my pussycat! I snarled. Let me feel you purr!

Her green eyes glared at me.

I grinned at her.

WHAT ARE YOU? she snarled.

The pussycat tamer! I growled, burying into her. Oh, yes, you're going to purr, little pussycats!'

INSOLENT WORM!

She bit me again her teeth sank into my throat.

The pain just had me slamming harder and deeper into her cunt. My nuts tightened on her. She ripped it out and growled. Her face twisted. Her fur blurred. I grinned as her human face appeared. She looked so young. Eighteen at most. A doll's face, her skin a delicious shade of brown.

GET THAT DICK OUT OF ME!

Her voice resonated with such power. She commanded respect, but...

I grinned at her. You're going to purr for me. Oh, yes, yes, you're going to purr for me. Let me hear you purr.

She tossed her head from side to side, her face twisting with passion. I slammed deep and hard. I could feel that lust pounding in her. She hadn't had an orgasm in centuries. She had been sitting on her throne with a dry cunt.

Not any longer.

I grinned at her. She glared at me as her hot cunt clamped down harder on me. I would tame her. I burned with such lust. She clawed my back again, the wounds healing a heartbeat later. My sister had infused me with such powerful passion.

I fucked her deep and hard, driving my cock into her cunt. I pressed her ass into the ground. She sank into it bit by bit as I hammered her cunt. I would break a normal woman doing this. But the Skull Tigress...

She had done something.

She had what Throwia craved.

Cum for me, pussycat! I growled, my hand squeezing the Tigress's big tit. Let me feel that pussy going wild on me!

Her back arched. Her breasts pressed into my chest. I could feel it. I slammed into her cunt so hard. She raked my back again. She dug her claws deep into me, gripping my flesh. She screamed out her rapture as her climax exploded through her.

Her pussy convulsed around my cock.

She purred as she bucked beneath me.

I grinned with such passion as I buried my cock to the hilt in her writhing cunt. I erupted into her.

YOU BASTARD! she snarled as my cum filled her pussy. I soiled her with my jizz.

Her snatch convulsed around me, suckling at me. I groaned as the lust surged through me. It was perfect. Just amazing. Ecstasy slammed into my mind. It crashed through my thoughts. I snarled through the bliss, reveling in every last moment of this passion.

It was incredible.

Just fantastic.

I loved all that passion shooting through me. It was amazing. Just a rapturous delight. Pleasure slammed through my mind. I shuddered, savoring every last second of this delight. It blazed through my body. 

It was just perfect.

I groaned on her as her pussy convulsed around me. She suckled at me with that hot snatch. It was amazing feeling her spasming around me. She was such a delicious whore. A big smile spread on my lips. I felt amazing. I could just fly with all this pleasure sweeping through me. 

The lust pumped out of me. It swirled through her. She snarled in fury as her cunt rippled around me. Her fingernails dug into my back. Hot pain shot through me as I dumped the last of my cum into her snatch.

She snarled and threw me back. 

I shuddered as I ripped out of her pussy and slammed into the ground. I rolled and came to a rest by my damaged tulwar. The lust was out of me. The animalistic passion had filled her. She roared and threw herself at me, her head blurring into the tiger's ferocity.

I grabbed my bent sword and thrust it straight at her mouth. The blade buried down her throat. She slammed down it and snarled in pain. The outside of her might be invulnerable, but her insides were more than susceptible.

She clawed my chest as she choked on my sword. Blood spilled out of her muzzle. She gurgled. I ripped the blade out, or tried to. The bent blade caught on her sinew and snapped from the force. She had the sharp metal lodged down her throat.

Her head snapped up. Her fingernails clawed at her throat, trying to get it out. She dug into her own flesh. Blood spurted. She fell on her side, twitching and shuddering. The evil creature choked to death on her blood.

Her blood and my sword.

I panted as I stood. Pain rippled through me. Pyrriah gasped. She had gone back to her human form, her eye missing. I stared in horror at her. Then Bast dropped out of the tree, and I knew my sister was in good hands.

Well, good pussy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I fell into Antagony with Lilica. I smiled as I entered the amazon's dream. I settled down into a room draped in pink. It was so feminine and frilly with a comfortable bed and the amazon bound spread eagle to the wall, pressed against the curtains of gauzy cuteness.

LET ME GO! she snarled, straining at it.

Hmm, I said, tapping my lower lip. Lilica, should I let her go?

Where's the fun in that? the succubus asked.

I grinned from ear to ear. That's so true. I'm sorry, Antagony, you just have to stay bound up. Besides, you look so pretty!

The amazon bucked, her pale tits heaving. She didn't have on that bronze armor that left only one of those tits bare. They were both exposed, nipples pink and hard. She had black hair and a matching bush.

It wasn't dripping.

Yet.

I reached out and stroked her. I touched up and down her and grinned at her. You know what I realized? I arched an eyebrow at her. You were impossible for my brother or me to touch with our lusts. You had a barrier. It was unlike anything I had felt. It wasn't willpower that kept us out. No, no, it's because you're like me.

You're a Daughter of Las, Antagony.

Revulsion and disgust crossed her face. My mother was a whore!

A whore. I smiled in delight. And you're not?

I will win back my honor by bringing Diane to the others. They will see I am a true amazon and not some perversion born from a male's seed. She was soiled by him. She passed it off to me, but I have risen over that weakness in me.

Have you? I glanced to Lilica and nodded to her. This would be so much fun. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Antagony

The succubus moved up beside Lasla. Lilica reached out and slid her hand up my inner thigh. I shuddered at the heat she inspired. It rippled up my leg to my pussy. My clit drank it in. I groaned at that. I shook my head, fighting against it.

My clit throbbed. Pulsed. I gripped my teeth, pulling at the manacles. They rattled. This was my mind. My dream. I should be able to overcome the succubus's manipulation of it. I should be able to break free. I just had to focus.

I had to put my will into shattering this illusion.

Her fingers reached my bush. She slid into my curls as I concentrated on breaking my chains. I pictured them snapping. Her fingers rubbed into my bud. I gasped at her touch. She stroked over my clit, massaging it.

What? I gasped, the heat surging through me.

She smiled at me as she stroked my bud in slow circles. My pussy clenched. My heart hammered in my chest. This was so wild. I couldn't believe that this was happening to me. I shuddered as she coaxed my bud to... to...

No! I snarled, fighting against it.

Mmm, come on out, purred Lilica. Don't be shy. We're not going to hurt you. We want to love you. That's it. There it is.

I shook my head, whimpering as my hermaphrodite-cock sprouted. It grew from the folds of my pussy. I shuddered at the heat washing through me. My heart pounded in my chest as my clit-dick swelled bigger and bigger, feeling the succubus's hand.

I shuddered as it swelled bigger and bigger. I tossed my head, this heat rushing through me. This wasn't happening. This couldn't be happening. I slammed my head back into the curtains, feeling the undressed stone wall beneath. Rough. 

That was my freedom back there.

The succubus's hand stroked up and down me while Lasla watched. The Daughter of Lust wore a big smile on her lips as she witnessed the succubus manipulating me. Heat melted down my shaft. My cunt clenched and relaxed.

I won't submit, I moaned, my heart hammering in my chest. I won't cum.

Where's the fun in that, cooed the succubus. She pouted. Won't you cum for me? Please, my pretty girl-dick. Won't you just burst for me? I know you'll love it. You'll have such a good time. You'll spurt all that wonderful hermaphrodite-jizz. Won't that be nice?

So, my daddy fucked your mommy, Lasla purred as she leaned against the wall. Her hand slid up to my big breast. She squeezed it. That makes us sisters. And I do so love my sisters.

I am not one of that monster's spawn like you! I roared.

Of course, you are, I purred. That's why you can shield yourself from my lust. It makes sense. I can't touch you at all. I can't manipulate you, but...

The succubus stroked up and down my hermaphrodite-dick faster and faster. My pussy clenched. I could feel the ache building and building. She... Gods, she knew what she was doing. How to touch me. The heat melted through my body. It soaked my pussy. My cunt clenched and relaxed. My heart hammered in my chest as she fisted me.

Lasla smiled like such a brat as she squeezed my breast. Her fingers worked up to my nipple. She pinched my nub. She twisted it. I gasped at that. My hermaphrodite-dick throbbed in the succubus's stroking hand. I snarled through clenched teeth.

Just kill me! I growled. Avenge your brother!

Anger flashed in Lasla's eyes. Kill you? Where's the fun in that? It's such a waste. I would rather make you my pleasure slave. I want to keep you around until the end of my days, using you. Knowing that you're addicted to what I give you. That you're little more than a sopping cunt and a hard dick that exist only to worship me.

Horror washed through me at her words. Her eyes held such fury in them. She meant them. She would make me her slave and degrade me until the end of my days. I shuddered, my hermaphrodite-dick twitching as the succubus stroked me faster.

I had to fight. I did. I couldn't become this deviant slut's sex slave. I wouldn't be my sister's bitch. I wouldn't. I fought against her stroking hand. I groaned as she worked up and down me faster and faster. Pleasure burst from the tip.

I won't! I hissed.

Mmm, I think you will, Lasla said. You're a Daughter of Las. You might be able to keep me out of your passions, but you are still a Daughter of Lust like me. A slut. You crave it. You've been holding your desires under such a tight rein, fighting to keep them from galloping away, but... 

She twisted my nipple.

I gasped.

But you can't hold on forever. They're going to gallop out of your control. She leaned in and licked my ear. So cum for me, my dear, sweet sister.

NOOOOOOOOO!

My voice echoed through the room. My pussy clenched. Juices trickled down my thighs. The pressure grew and grew in my ovaries. My hermaphrodite-cum ached to erupt from me. I trembled, whimpering. My head tossed back and forth.

That disgusting skank kissed along my jawline. Her lips burned my skin, a sensual heat that had me tossing. She came closer and closer to my lips. My heart fluttered. I tried to move away, but I couldn't control my body.

She kissed me on the lips.

Her tongue thrust into my mouth.

The succubus stroked to the pinnacle of my hermaphrodite-dick. 

I exploded. 

Rapture shot out of me. My pussy convulsed as the heat swept through me. I groaned, my entire body bucking with the rapture. My clit-dick erupted over and over again. The ecstasy slammed through my body. Stars flashed before my eyes.

I squealed into my sister's lips as the succubus stroked my girl-cock. she fisted me, working out more and more of my cum. My lusts galloped free through me. I shuddered, pussy cream gushing down my thighs. The scent of hot cunt filled my nose.

I whimpered as I kissed her. My tongue flicked about with hers. I groaned, the ecstasy slamming through me. Rapture shot from my hermaphrodite-dick and euphoria washed out of my writhing cunt. The delights surged through me.

I threw back my head, gasping out all this bliss. It was so insane that I was experiencing this. I gasped and moaned, my heart pounding in my chest. I groaned through every last moment of bliss. It was incredible having all this ecstasy sweeping through me.

Stars flashed across my vision. I groaned and gasped, the rapture surging through me. I trembled through all that bliss. 

My hands fell free and grabbed her shoulders. I kissed her with passion as my hermaphrodite-dick erupted one more time. The ecstasy slammed through me. I moaned as my knees buckled. I dropped to the floor, my boobs sliding down her body. I came face to face with her black bush, her pussy lips peeking through. The spicy aroma of her cunt filled my nose.

She grabbed the back of my head and ground her cunt on my lips. I grabbed her ass, my tongue flicking over and over her folds. I gathered up her spicy cream. I shuddered at the taste of her wanton passion. It was so amazing. I couldn't stop myself.

Oh, that's it, dear, sweet sister, she purred. You left yourself wide open now. You surrendered to lust. To me!

I couldn't have, but... but...

The wanton desire to feast on her pussy filled me. I lapped at her cunt. I was out of control. I couldn't stop myself from doing this. My tongue lapped at her. I licked at her with all that I had. I stroked through her folds.

She ground on me, shuddering above me. She grinned down at me as I feasted on her cunt. I devoured her with all that I had. She whimpered in delight, her hips undulating as she smeared her hot cunt on my mouth.

I thrust my tongue into her snatch, watching her round boobs jiggle.

Mmm, Lilica, I purred. She needs more.

Yes, Mistress, cooed the succubus.

Her hot lips kissed my hermaphrodite-dick. I groaned as she slid her mouth over the crown of my girl-cock. It was amazing to feel her doing that. I shuddered at the pleasures sweeping through me. I tongued her pussy faster as the succubus nursed on me.

That's right, she purred. You're a Daughter of Las. It's so easy to addict you to pleasure. Mmm, do you feel that mouth? You'll have that mouth sucking on your cock all the time. She'll be giving you such stimulation and... Let's not forget your pussy.

A thick shaft appeared in my cunt. It was cold. I gasped against the metallic shaft. It hummed to life a moment later. A collar appeared about my throat, too. Tight bracers squeezed about my wrists. I shuddered, squeezing her rump as I feasted on her, the toy buzzing away in me.

She stimulated my pussy. Every inch of my cunt gripped that shaft as it hummed away in me. This was so insane. I couldn't believe how amazing it felt. The succubus suckled on my girl-dick as I pleasured the slut.

My sister.

She was my sister.

A disgusting, wanton whore like me.

Mmm, that's it, she cooed. That's how you eat Mistress Sister's pussy. She grinned down at me, her blue eyes sparkling. Mistress Sister, isn't that a lovely title.

I... I...

Shh, don't talk yet, my darling sister-slave, she cooed. You just enjoy that hot mouth sucking on your dick. Mmm, just let that delicious mouth drive you wild.

I nodded, whimpering as that tongue flicked around the crown of my cock. It felt so amazing circling my spongy tip. I groaned as Lilica suckled on me. My cunt clamped down on the buzzing toy. It churned me up.

I thrust my tongue into the slut's pussy. Into my sister-whore's cunt. I swirled it around in her as the pleasure increased in me. I moaned as the toy buzzed faster and faster. She smiled at me as Lilica suckled so hard on my hermaphrodite-dick.

Do you want to cum, sister-slave? purred Lasla.

I whimpered as I licked at her pussy.

You're getting closer, aren't you? she asked as the toy buzzed faster in my snatch. It churned me up, the delight washing around my ovaries. They tightened, feeding that ache the tip of my girl-dick buried in the succubus's mouth. You're about to erupt, aren't you?

I whimpered and nodded.

But you can't, she said, smiling with such sadistic joy.

I whimpered as I realized that I was on the edge of cumming. I should be erupting with Lilica sucking son hard on my girl-cock and the magical dildo buzzing away in my cunt. I shuddered, needing to cum.

You can't cum without Mistress Sister's permission, I purred. Mmm, I have your lusts in my grasp.

Something squeezed about my desire, holding back my orgasm. 

I whimpered into her cunt, licking her pussy with even more fervent need. I had to make her cum. Just had to have her drowning me in her passion. I stroked frantically through her folds as that hot mouth slid up and down my girl-cock.

That's right, she purred, holding back my climax. I own your pleasure now. Why?

Because... I whimpered, trying not to say it, but... but... I had to cum. My body was built to cum. I was a Daughter of Las. My orgasms had to burst from me all the time. I couldn't stop them any longer. I didn't hold the reins.

She did.

Because your Mistress Sister! I gasped. You own my lusts! 

That's right, she purred.

The dildo hummed so hard it almost hurt. I groaned at how amazing it felt as I suckled on her clit. I nibbled on it, needing to cum. My hermaphrodite-dick kept throbbing like it was about to shoot my load of girl-cum into the succubus's mouth.

But the eruption never happened. I couldn't cum. She owned my orgasms. I whimpered, my mind breaking under the buzzing in my cunt and that hot mouth sucking so hard on my girl-cock. I nibbled on Mistress Sister's clit.

I suckled with all my might on her bud, her spicy juices spilling down my chin. Her boobs jiggled above my head. I ached for her to cum. I knew if I made her climax, she would give me my reward. I nibbled on her clit with my lips.

That's it, she moaned. Oh, you delicious sister-slave! That's so good. Las's big dick!

Her spicy juices gushed out of her cunt.

I licked up the pussy cream, savoring that wonderful passion. I savored every last drop of her passion that I could lick up. I wanted to cum so badly. I whimpered, the toy vibrating away in my cunt. The succubus suckled on me.

You dirty sister-slave! she gasped. Oh, that's it! Oh, yes! Lick it all up!

I lapped at her with such ferocity. I stroked through her folds, loving the texture of her cunt against my lips. I trembled, the succubus suckling so hard. My hermaphrodite-dick lurched. I tried to cum again. I tried to erupt, but I wasn't allowed.

Mistress Sister! I whimpered.

Her head tossed from side to side as she shuddered through her ecstasy. She moaned as she ground her snatch on my lips I licked at her cunt. I stroked my tongue through her folds. I licked at her with all that I had. It was just amazing to feast on her like this.

She trembled through her orgasm. She shuddered and let go of me. I fell back from her pussy, the succubus sucking on my cock the entire way. She moved so fast to keep her mouth wrapped around it and suckling on me.

Mmm, do you want to cum? asked Mistress Sister

Yes! I howled.

Then you shouldn't have murdered my brother! Her eyes flashed with rage. She crushed down on my lusts. The vibrator buzzed even harder.

I'M SO SORRY, MISTRESS SISTER! I screamed as I needed to cum. I had to explode. I needed all that jizz spurting into the succubus's mouth. I craved that so much. I hungered for it. She suckled so hard on me. PLEASE, PLEASE, LET ME CUM!

She shook her head, grinning from ear to ear. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

It was so delicious that she was a Daughter of Las, too. I could keep my grip on her lusts forever. She had lost control of them. Very, very dangerous for one of us. I watched her squirming there as Lilica bobbed her head.

The succubus knew her work.

I would make her suffer until the end of time. I would reduce her mind into pudding for what she did to my brother. The pain swept through me. The rage at this little slut was the only thing keeping me from collapsing into a ball.

He was gone. I would never get to be held in his arms and feel his love. He...

The toy buzzed faster in the slut's cunt.

PLEASE! she screeched.

I told Pradu that pleasure was a far, far better form of punishment than pain. I was so right. I would break Antagony. My little slave-sister would be good for nothing but licking my pussy and being a cum-dump for Pyrriah's and Mother Azuliana's cum. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Master! Mother groaned as she hugged me. Her biog breasts pressed into me. They were so soft. 

She was healed by Bast, just like Pyrriah was. I hugged my mother back, holding her in the ruin of the jungle. Downed trees, many scalded by steam, lay around us. Mother clung to me while behind her, Bast winked at me.

I nodded to her, thankful that she had come. She had made all the difference. I was glad I had tamed her pussy and bred her womb. She would have a strong daughter that would range through this jungle.

Maybe even rule it, stealing land from the disgusting rakshasas.

She jumped into one of the few remaining trees and scampered up into it. From there, she leaped to another and another. Her black form vanished from sight. I didn't think I would ever see her again. She had saved our lives and healed everyone in the party.

I thought you were dead. Mother shook in my arms. She buried her face into my neck and sobbed. I thought I had lost you.

I'm fine, I told her. I'm fine. 

She broke from me, anger in her eyes. I have something to do. Ziryihm has to understand the depths of her mistake.

I nodded and released her. She wasn't wearing her collar or chastity belt. I remembered glimpsing her changing, ripping through them. Those had never controlled her to begin with. She could have transformed and overpowered me at any time.

But she didn't. She was my mommy-slave.

She took to the air with powerful beats of her wings. She soared above the jungle. Pyrriah rushed to me and pressed into my side. She smiled at me. I couldn't have killed the Skull Tigress without her. That lust had made the difference.

Master!

Shetha appeared out of the jungle, her black ears twitching. She looked whole and hale. I recalled seeing her with a cut to her face, but Bast had done her work. She rubbed her cheek into my leg, purring so happily. Her tail swished back and forth.

Diane waved from up above. Nephi flew through the skies. The rakshasas were forming around us. Oberoy knelt before Beliala. She stroked his head like he was her pet. I knew the fairy-prince enjoyed the pain she gave him. He took some sort of solace in the same torture he'd experienced as Throwia's hostage. She had broken him, maybe.

Pleasure and pain could do that to a person. Princess Naryu was proof of that.

I climbed the cliff, Adazza and Nazak standing watch over Lasla, Lilica, and Antagony. The amazon lay on her side, her hermaphrodite-dick thrusting out before her. I glanced down at it then felt the lust surging through them.

Lasla had completely dominated her.

I touched my sister. She burned with rage. Grief. She didn't know I was alive. I kissed my sister on the lips. I poured my love into Lasla as she was lost in the succubus's dreams. Her lips worked on mine. She sensed me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Antagony

Please, please, please, please, please, I sobbed as Mistress Sister glared down at me, Lilica sucking so hard on my hermaphrodite-dick. The toy buzzed away in me. PLEASE!

She cocked her head. A smile grew on her lips. Joy blossomed in her eyes. Stop sucking, Lilica.

The succubus popped her mouth off my clit-dick and purred, Yes, Mistress.

I shuddered there, my heart pounding in my chest as she licked her lips. I whimpered, wanting to cum. I needed to cum. Lasla peered down at me. She stared into my eyes with this delicious gleam in them.

Shrink your hermaphrodite-dick, she order
ed me.
Y-yes, Mistress Sister, I whimpered.

I focused hard on my aching, throbbing, pulsing clit-dick. It twitched as I focused on it. It was so hard to make it obey. I was so horny. I was in such need of cumming. I slammed my fists into the floor as it waved, the toy buzzing in my cunt but...

Not as hard. As fast. I shuddered as my girl-cock shrank and shrank, dwindling back into my bud. I quivered as she did that. She bent down and put a hand on my forehead. She stroked me, her eyes burning with lust.

What's the one thing you never, ever wanted to do? she purred. Besides be fucked by our father.

B-be fucked by your brother, I whimpered. He tried. He wanted me.

Yes, he does, she purred. You want to cum, then you have to fuck my brother. You have to ride his cock and make him explode in your pussy. He's waiting for you.

He's dead.

She grinned. You're such a pathetic amazon, you couldn't even kill a man you ambushed from the bushes like a craven cunt. Mmm, you're a Daughter of Las. All you're good for is being a whore. His personal cum-dump. You want to cum?

I'll be his personal cum-dump! I squealed. I'll be Master-Brother's personal whore. He can fill me with his jizz whenever he wants. I'm... I'm... I'm a whore like my mother!

Tears burst from my eyes as I said those words. I surrendered to the truth of who I was. I was a dirty, filthy, cock-craving, pussy-loving whore. I would be my brother's and sisters' sex slaves. I would serve them and do whatever degenerate thing they wanted.

Lilica, Lasla said.

Yes, Mistress, the succubus purred. 

The room swirled around me. All the pinks washed about me until I was shoved upward. Like rising out of a deep, black lake, I broached the surface and into the light. Into my horny body. I gasped, eyes shooting open. Blue sky hovered above me. I shot my head up to see Kurtis leaning against a rock, a cocky grin on his face.

His cock thrust up big and hard before him.

Master Brother! I gasped with the desperate need to cum.

Mistress Sister still held my lusts in her tight grip. I threw myself at my Master Brother and straddled him. I grabbed his cock, my big boobs heaving before him. I pressed him through my bush to the wet folds of my pussy.

I impaled myself down the Son of Las's dick.

Yes! I howled. Henta's mighty cock! Yes, yes, yes!

I squeezed my cunt down around Master Brother's dick. I reveled in his big cock filling me up. I shuddered and slid back up him. He groaned as I squeezed my cunt around his dick, massaging him with my slutty cunt.

Oh, Master Brother, I cried. I'm your slutty amazon-whore. Your sister-slave! I'm going to worship your cock and be your personal cum-dump!

He grinned at me as I plunged down his dick. I savored taking every inch of him. There was so much of his cock filling me up. It was incredible having all of him in me. I squeezed my snatch around him before sliding back up him.

He growled in delight as I did that. I smiled down at him, loving this big dick in me. I wiggled my hips, sweeping my cock from side to side. I loved that wonderful shaft in me. It felt so amazing having that large rod in me.

I rode him with such passion. I was out of control. I needed to cum so badly. My cunt gripped him. I plunged my snatch down him and slide back up his mighty rod. It was incredible having all that large shaft in me. 

I reveled in it.

I'm going to breed you, he growled.

Breed me, Master Brother, I gasped, my pussy clenching even tighter around him. That made me almost cum, but...

Mistress Sister held my lusts in her tight fist.

I'm going to put a daughter in your cunt, and you're going to raise her to be my cum-dump whore! She'll be my sex slave, too. All your daughters will be. I'll breed you. My sister Pyrriah will. My dragon-mother!

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, slamming my cunt down his big dick. I'll raise them to be your daughter-slaves, Master Brother!

The idea only swelled me closer and closer to cumming on him. I loved this so much. It was so hot feeling that big dick in me. My boobs bounced and heaved. They slapped together as I rode him. I craved being his cum-dump so much.

His breeding whore.

I wanted it so badly. My cunt clenched about him as I rose and rose toward that moment of bursting. I shuddered, so desperate to cum. So desperate to be his. I plunged down him, taking every inch of his big dick.

My orgasm swelled and swelled. It would be such a monstrous climax when I finally burst. I whimpered, the collar tight about my throat. I felt the chastity belt around my waist. I couldn't grow my clit-dick except when my Master or Mistress permitted me.

I'm your sister-slave! I gasped.

Yes, you are, I growled. You're going to burst on me. After I breed you, you're going to explode.

Yes! I howled as I plunged down his cock.

I was so desperate for that moment. I needed to feel it bursting in me. I had to have him filling my cunt with all his cum. I was so desperate for it. I gripped his cock as I rode him. I plunged my cunt up and down him, burning with lust for him.

My big tits heaved and bounced. The pleasure swelled in me. I needed to cum so badly. I was beyond my limits. Especially with Master Brother's huge cock in me. He stretched me to my limits. He drove me wild with how much cock he had in me. It was amazing.

I plunged down him. I took him to the root in me. My clit ground into his pubic bone. I gasped, needing to cum. He groaned, his face twisting in pleasure. Lasla smiled as she watched. Pyrriah grinned, both of them looking so identical.

Both of them were Daughters of Las like me.

Yes! roared Kurtis.

He erupted.

His cum spurted into my pussy. A man's cum flooded me. I was a whore like my mother because I reveled in that masculine seed flooding my snatch. It felt incredible. I loved every last second of it. My entire body shuddered.

The grip on my lusts relaxed.

I burst.

My cunt went wild around his dick. He spurted all that cum into me. He erupted again and again into me. It was amazing. I reveled in it. I loved every last second of this passion. He flooded my womb with his manly seed.

He bred me.

I reveled in it, my cunt writhing in it. I was his sister-slave. He had every right to breed daughter-slaves in me. I groaned, my pussy milking him. He grunted with each blast of jizz. He filled me to the brim with all his cum.

I gasped and moaned, savoring the ecstasy. The rapture drowned my mind. It was so incredible to cum. The best in my life. My pussy worshiped his dick. I milked dry every last blast of jizz that he had in him.

He emptied his balls in me. I gloried in it. I loved being on his

Mistress Sister yanked on the collar attached to my leash and jerked me off his cock. I fell on my back, jizz pouring out of me. I panted as the pleasure washed out of me. She flung herself on him and hugged him tight.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I held my brother and sobbed.

He was alive. He was in my arms, and he was alive. I kissed him. I savored his lips on mine. This was so glorious. Tears spilled down my cheeks. I broke the kiss and buried my face into his chest. I sobbed as he held me.

His strong arms rocked me. Pyrriah hugged us both. I hadn't lost him. I hadn't lost my family. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana

Ziryihm waited on a bluff overlooking the disgusting Mountain of Bone. I landed beside her, furious. I blurred back into my human form as she faced me. She had tears in her eyes. She turned to me and smiled.

What? I demanded. Do you welcome death that much that you are smiling?

I just want you safe, she said. But there's another dragon. You reproduced. There's hope. She smiled. So, if you must kill me to satisfy your rage, then I gladly die knowing that Matar's fiery children will not go extinct.

I stared at her with such fury pounding in my chest. 

My son lives.

Good, Ziryihm said, sighing. Antagony was... a move of desperation.

If I ever see you again, I will rip you limb from limb, Ziryihm, I said. We were once friends, so you get this one warning.

Ziryihm nodded and spread her wings. There are two dragons in the world. Two! And if your daughter has had her brother's daughters, there are more.

My eyes widened. Kurilia and Verilia, the twins that Pyrriah had. And Velyianira, too, my daughter with Kurtis. She was a dragon, wasn't she?

I never wanted my race to continue, but... I smiled, thinking of my granddaughters flying through the skies with my daughters. Maybe it's a good thing. A race of lusty dragons is better than ones who burn and pillage.

Ziryihm smiled. I think so, too.

She took to the air. I watched her fly away. I turned and noticed my family was heading down to the Mountain of Bones. We had to find what we came here for. The artifact had to be the reason that the Skull Tigress was young and practically immortal. I blurred into my true form and winged down to join them. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I trembled as I marched down into the bowels of the Bone Mountain with my harem and our guards. 

Excitement squeezed about my heart. It pounded in my chest as we plunged deeper through the disgusting corridors made of bones and skulls. Pain and suffering had happened everywhere we passed. I wanted to rip this place down.

I wasn't the only one that thought that.

Soon, we found the foundations of the ghastly ziggurat. Here, deeper tunnels were cut into the bedrock. We entered the cool depths of the earth, moving deeper and deeper. It spiraled down, passing even more torture rooms glutted with her victims. She had built and built this place up as she killed more and more of them.

It was so obvious.

She built new playrooms when they were full. 

I was glad she choked to death on my sword.

We reached the bottom and entered a room with a golden cradle in the center. It was the size that could hold a babe, sitting on curved legs that could rock back and forth. I felt the power radiating from it. I reached out and touched it.

I shuddered at what I felt. The power of it. 

My Goddess, Beliala cried.

I turned. Her whip struck me.

Agony dropped me to my knees. Such pain coursed over me as the room distorted. It bent and swirled. The Astral Sea poured into here and washed around us. The stone walls became made of bright corals. Hues of blues and pinks.

And standing amid them were two Goddesses.

Throwia and Vedr.

To be continued...
