The teary ending.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Perry, Chapter 10 (HF, caution, parody, preg, ScFi, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Author's Note: All characters are 18 years and older.

---

Agents Kelly and Smolder split up to interview the neighbors, with short, curvy Kelly trudging up the gravel path of a nearby farmhouse to knock on the front door.

An attractive, shorter brunette woman opened it and gave the agent an assessing gaze. "Yes?"

Kelly held up her ID. "Homeland Security, Agent Kelly, ma'am. I was wondering if you saw or heard the meteorite that came down a few weeks ago, or have you seen anything strange since?"

The woman stood back and opened the door wide. "The meteorite? Why don't you come in and we can discuss it. I'm Darla, by the way."

"Thank you." Kelly entered the house. "Oh, what a lovely home you have, Darl--"

As the agent passed her, the housewife pushed her forward hard, causing Kelly to sprawl across the arm of the cushy couch with her butt in the air.

"--ahh!"

In a flash, Darla was upon her, pushing up the agent's coat and pulling down her trousers. Darla's now 7" blue erection was ready.

---

*Ha! Got her!* Perry announced in Ed's head.

"Got who?"

*Agent Kelly! She went next door to Darla's, and...*

"Aunt Darla too? Oh, Perry!"

*Shit! What just happened?*

"What?"

*I lost contact with Darla...there's just nothing!*

Ed had never heard Perry sound worried before. "Um..."

*I'm calling in reinforcements.*

---

"Coraaa...whyyy...?" Cora's mother moaned as her daughter ravaged her with her new 6" blue penis. The small retro grunge senior student had found her mother in bed, nursing a migraine, and insisted that she give her a massage to help. Once the older woman was relaxed, though, Cora had pounced. Once Perry's drone cock was inside her mother's pussy, there was no stopping her.

"I just gotta..." Cora responded, "...gotta...unhh..." She moved faster, slamming that blue cock harder into her Mom. "Gottaa...aaahhh!" she cried out as blue sperm blasted from the head of her cock, filling her mother's unprotected depths.

"Aahhh! Corrraaaa!!" her mother screamed as her own orgasm exploded from the hot, wet pressure filling her.

Cora froze for a moment, pulled out quickly, and raced from the room, not even pausing to pull her baggy jeans back on.

Around town, an assortment of women likewise stopped what they were doing and rushed to their vehicles, some carpooling with others, like Cora, who didn't drive. As one, they raced toward the Doughtry farm.

---

A few minutes later, there was a banging on the front door.

*Don't answer it, Ed!* Perry yelled in his head.

"That's not your reinforcements? What do I do?"

*Out the back!*

Ed rushed for the back door, but Agent Smolder kicked that in, gun drawn and pointed right at him.

"Ack!" Ed screeched, and automatically put his hands up.

"Open the front door, Ed," Smolder directed him, his pistol unwavering.

He did, and Kelly walked in, holding a silver briefcase. She took Ed's arm. "Ed, I'm going to need you to take me to your bedroom."

"Err, what's goin' on, Kelly?" Smolder asked as he put away his gun. "Is Ed here our guy?"

"That's what I'm going to find out. C'mon..." and she pulled Ed up the stairs to his room, Smolder following. She turned back to her partner. "Smolder, I'm going to need you to barricade the doors and windows. We might have unfriendly visitors soon. And don't shoot anyone!" Then she pulled Ed into his room and closed the door.

"Okay, I'll just be out here trying to unkick the back door, I guess?" Smolder called up cheekily.

She dropped the silver briefcase onto his bed. "Pants off, Ed."

*Stupid woman!* Perry exulted, *Now she's ours! Let's show her what we're made of, Ed.*

Ed unzipped and Perry sprang out, dancing hypnotically before the short, sexy agent.

"There you are," Kelly said, her eyes turning entirely coal black.

*No! What are they doing here?! Shit! Run, Ed!*

Suddenly full of adrenaline, Ed dashed for the door, but Kelly was a step ahead of him, tripping him up and climbing astride him. She held his arms down as Perry battered at her trousers, trying to insert himself inside her.

Her eyes were as black as pitch as she stared into his. "Ed, I need you to listen to me. I think you know, deep down, that this thing has been controlling you, but it won't let you realize it. I'm going to help with that, and you need to help me."

There was the scrabbling sound of car tires on the driveway outside. "Uh, Kelly? I think we have company!" Smolder called out from downstairs.

"We don't have much time, Ed," Kelly advised him. "I need you to think about what was most important to you before this thing came into your life. Ack!" Perry had poked her right in her pussy through her trousers, so she grabbed the alien phallus with one hand while shifting a knee to keep Ed's arms immobile.

Ed's mind felt odd, like he was waking up from a dream. Most important? Graduating school, meeting a woman, having sex with that woman, lots of sex...his cock throbbed in the agent's firm hand.

"Concentrate, Ed! Don't let it mess with your head. Think about your family," she urged him.

Ed considered his Dad, the man that, despite how much he worked, had always made sure that he had time to talk to his son about whatever concerns the younger man had. His Mom had always been supportive as well, perhaps more indulgent than other mothers, but that was because she loved him. His mind flashed back to that morning weeks ago, when she had climbed into his lap and fucked his new alien cock, and felt ashamed.

"Ed! That wasn't you...it was the alien! He made you do that!" Kelly advised him.

Ed despaired. He had had sex with so many women in the past few weeks, and before Perry, he had been a virgin! The alien had helped him, hadn't he? But he should never have had incestuous relations with his Mom, or his cousin Julie!

There was a crash downstairs. They heard swearing, and then the thumping of Smolder's feet up the stairs. "Whatever you're going to do, Kelly, do it now! It's like Night of the Living Dead out here!"

Kelly struggled to hold Perry still. "It has to go, Ed! There's too much at stake! You have to reject it. Think of something -- anything -- that you hate about all this!" She furrowed her brow in concentration.

Ed's mind was whirling, and then he remembered Charisma, his dream woman. The one thing he had wanted, and he hadn't been able to fuck her because one of Perry's "drones" had gotten to her first. He...was angry...he was...FURIOUS. He gritted his teeth. "Get...off..."

"Not until you agree..."

"Perry! Get off of me! Get off of my body, you fucker!"

Kelly jumped to her feet. Ed grabbed the alien cock in both hands.

*No, Ed! We can do amazing things together! Just let me be your penis!* Perry pleaded.

Ed pulled and screamed. Perry shrieked in his head as the alien parasite slowly peeled away from between the young man's legs. The screaming continued as Ed's blood splashed to the floor between his legs, and then he finally ripped Perry free. He tottered for a moment, and then swooned and collapsed.

Kelly grabbed Perry before he could slither away. "Gotcha!"

"Kelly! I'm gonna get killed by blue dickgirls!" Smolder yelled from the other side of the door. From the thumps, it sounded like he was being battered against it.

She flipped open the silver briefcase, shoved Perry inside, and quickly closed the lid. There was a "shush" sound as the case sealed.

There was immediate silence from the other side of the door. "Smolder?" Kelly called out.

The door opened and her partner staggered in, beaten and bruised. "What the fuck just happened? They all collapsed." Then he took in the bloody mess on the floor. "Oh, shit...I'll call an ambulance." He pulled out his phone.

---

"Ed?"

"Five more minutes, Mom."

"Ed Doughtry."

Ed opened his eyes. Agent Kelly was there, pressing a towel to his crotch. "Oww FUCK!" he yelled in agony as he came back to reality.

"Sorry, Ed," she offered, her eyes still black. "I'm holding back the pain as best I can. I was really impressed with what you did with...Perry."

"What...are you?"

"Think of me as an intergalactic policewoman, keeping the Earth safe from things like that parasite. Normally I'd have to take your memory of this event away, but I really need you to keep an eye out around here, in case we missed anything. Can you keep a secret, Ed?"

Gritting his teeth, he nodded.

She gave him a smile. "Good man. Perry's victims all passed out when I threw him into my shielded case, and the copies he made have disintegrated, too, without their master's direction. Their ex-hosts won't remember anything that happened after being infected, and I suspect Perry messed their memories of those encounters up enough so they won't recall what he made you do to them. Now I just have to adjust Smolder's memory so that he goes back to not believing in aliens, and..." She looked around. "Where is Smolder...?"

Then she gasped. "...and the briefcase?"

---

"Ten inches! Woo!" Agent Smolder drove hard and fast away from town, his new penis settling in nicely between his legs.

*I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship, Smolder,* Perry said. *Hey, do you smoke?*

---

Epilogue:

Over the next few weeks, several dozen women were surprised to miss their next period, with no recollection of how that really happened. Almost eight months later, a glut of births occurred in Ed's sleepy town. Of the ones that Ed and his mother personally had a hand in:

Doctor Lintrell had a normal baby boy, though she never found out who "John Smith" was.

Darla and her husband, the Doughtrys' next door neighbors, were very happy to finally be blessed with a little girl.

Ed's Aunt Erin likewise birthed a little girl. Because Eve's alien testicle had been made from her own ovary, her sperm could only supply X chromosomes, not Y, so she only made girls.

Cora, the retro grunge student, had a boy, and the unnamed redhead from the school's ladies' washroom had a girl.

All of the babies except Doctor Lintrell's had a strange condition that caused their skin to have a slight blue tinge. Only time would tell what else would be different.

The end?

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)