It hadn't been easy for Dean to convince Dad he was serious about picking up a photography hobby. Dad hadn't seen the point of it, and normally Dean would have agreed - what did cameras have to do with hunting? But this was important, so Dean ultimately won twenty bucks playing cards with some of the dumb kids at the next junior high - no one his age could beat him in poker - and bought a disposable camera himself. Taking pictures as they traveled through Arizona and New Mexico was a lot more fun than even he expected, and Dad finally caved and helped him pay to have the photos developed. They looked pretty good, Dean thought as he stored the packet of photos safe in his duffel bag until they turned, inevitably, north again for Nevada.

Of all the things he'd smuggled into Freak Camp, the photographs were among the easiest. He tucked the envelope into the back of his jeans, under his jacket, with a bag of candy in each pocket. He smirked at the guard as he strolled through the metal detectors, heading out the entrance to the yard while Dad continued on to Special Research.

One of the guards - a newer one, Dean might have seen him once before but didn't know his name - was pacing aimlessly, swinging his club in an arc. Dean stopped him. "Hey, I'm looking for 88UI6703."

The guard gave him a skeptical look, but lifted his radio. "Karl, send Pretty Freak out, Winchester's kid is here to see him." An affirmative crackled through the air, and the guard nodded toward the building behind Dean. "He'll be out in a minute." Dean nodded curtly before turning away.

Sure enough, Sam trotted out the side door a minute later. Dean, who had been hanging back so he could watch all the doors, darted forward to meet him. "Hey, Sam, just wait until you see what I—dude, what's wrong? Are your shoes more interesting than my face?"

They always went through this—Sam almost always refused to look him straight in the eye for the first few minutes of any meeting—but normally he got a peek of his face and smile at the start. This time, though, Sam had his chin tucked close to his chest, until Dean's words snapped his head up.

Dean sucked in a breath, grabbing Sam's chin and barely noticing when Sam flinched. "What the hell happened?" He leaned in close to examine Sam's black eye and split, swollen lip.

Sam swiped his tongue over his cut, fidgeting without pulling away. "Monster fight. It's not so bad."

"Shit." Dean touched his thumb to Sam's lip, drawing away when Sam winced. He remembered what the school nurse had done for him the last time he'd gotten into a fight like that. "You need some ice."

Sam tilted his head, confused. "What for?"

"Just..." Dean sighed. "Nevermind, probably too late now."

Sam blinked at him with his one good eye. "Doesn't hurt anymore."

"Well, that's good." Dean smiled crookedly, then reached around Sam's shoulders as they walked around the building to one of their secluded spots. "Did they get their ass kicked?" he asked. "The monster who did that to you?"

He felt Sam's shoulders shrug. "He got hurt too. We all got in trouble."

Dean blew out his breath. "Yeah, well, that's bullshit, going after a kid your size. There are plenty of bigger monsters here to pick on."

Sam's mouth tugged in a smile. "Monsters don't care, Dean."

"I guess not." He squatted down against the wall, only then remembering the bulge in the back of his pants. "Oh, yeah - got something for you." He twisted to reach back behind him.

Sam brightened, sitting up. "Chips?"

"Nah, M&M's this time." He stopped to dig into his pocket and toss a bag to Sam, who quickly tore into it and tossed a big handful into his mouth. Dean grinned. "You like those, huh?" Sam nodded, chewing happily, and Dean pulled around the photo packet. "This is the other thing I brought you, what I promised last time - pictures I took over the last month, when we were down south."

Sam's left eye went very round. "You took these?"

"Yep," Dean said offhandedly. "Wasn't that hard." He spread them out and launched into explaining what was taken where. Here was one of the stuffed jackalope he saw in the gas station where he bought the camera. One, later outside that same stop, of Dad scowling at him while he leaned on the Impala. The next six were of different angles of the Impala - Dean hadn't been able to decide what was the best to really show off its glory to Sam. Next was one of Independence Rock—from pretty far away, Dad hadn't wanted to stop. And then a view of the Rocky Mountains, the Impala again in the foreground. Dean hadn't realized how many pictures he'd taken until they were all laid out in front of them and Sam was staring down at them, fingers cautiously reaching for their edges. He loved the way Sam's eyes went wide and amazed when he uncovered yet another photo of the world beyond Freak Camp.

They had been sitting for maybe half an hour, Dean proudly going through his stacks of photos, explaining where he was for each one and what had been going on. Sam was totally caught up, eyes wide and moving back and forth between the photos and Dean's face. This was Dean's favorite part of seeing Sam, when he got him to look like that.

"What the fuck you think you're doing, freak?!"

Sam jumped, and Dean reached automatically for his knife—which was hard to do because he and Sam had been pressed so close together to look at the pictures, and Dean's knife was wedged between his hip and Sam's—but none of the guards were looking at them. It was the same guard that Dean had talked to earlier, striding down on a shapeshifter who looked absolutely terrified.

"I'm talking to you, freak, you think you can just ignore me?" The guard reached down and dragged the shapeshifter up by a hook on his collar, and then looked around. He saw Sam and Dean in the corner, and smiled nastily. "Look at that," he said, still talking to the shifter, but keeping his eyes locked on Dean. "You're bothering Winchester's kid. I think we ought to have a chat. Sorry about that, boy." He pushed the shifter around, and they walked out of sight.

"My name's Dean!" Dean called after him, angry and unsettled and not sure why. The guard made no reply, but Sam's hand clenched in his jacket.

When Dean turned to him, Sam had shrunk down to where he'd been at the start, head hanging down and shoulders tense. He had dropped Dean's last picture to fold one hand—the one that didn't still have a death-grip on Dean's jacket—tightly over his front ankle. 

Dean looked at him, and both the adrenaline from the guard's shout and the happy rush he had felt just a second ago ebbed away, impossible to catch and pull back. It would take a while—maybe longer than he had before Dad was done—to coax that openness, where Sam could look him straight in the eye without his gaze skittering away, back into their conversation.

He scowled in the guard's direction, reaching across to touch the side of Sam's opposite shoulder. He didn't do it to get Sam's attention, but Sam glanced up anyway, surprise across his face. Dean didn't drop his hand, though, still frowning toward the guard. "They're assholes, aren't they?" he asked abruptly.

Sam made a soft sound, almost like a sneeze. Startled, Dean lowered his head to get a glimpse of Sam's face, but if it had been a laugh, there was no trace of it now.

~*~

Hard to believe that in the short time Dean had been away from Freak Camp, he had gone so many places, and Sam hadn't gone anywhere. But Dean didn't seem to mind that Sam hadn't done anything much except fight and be punished (if Dean had been upset about his split lip, Sam was just glad that he hadn't checked his back), do more research and try to avoid the guards' attention.

Sam loved the photographs, the brightly colored vistas of mountains and plains and small towns and strange animals caught in eternal scowls. He had seen similar pictures in some of the books they let him look at, but the real importance, the real value to the photographs in his hand was not the world that Dean had brought him—Sam was a monster, and if the world stayed right he would never see these places, never be let out to hurt real people —but the fact that Dean had brought them to him at all. 

He had been afraid for a second that Crusher would come over and remind Dean of what Sam was, that he was nothing but a nasty little monster and shouldn't be looking at the real world. Like he would get it dirty, just by knowing it, the way his fingers left smudge marks on the photographs. But Dean hadn't given a damn, had stared Crusher down like he wasn't afraid at all. And he hadn't cared when Sam's hands messed up his photographs, or when Sam had grabbed his jacket. It was the feeling that he was safe that had made him laugh, more than anything else.

When Dean left, Sam still couldn't stop smiling, because there was always that promise in Dean's smile.

"I'll be back, Sammy," he said. "Don't worry. Dad even said that I could keep taking pictures, so I'll have even more for you when I get back."

"That's great, Dean," Sam said, smiling. "You're great."

And even after Dean left, even after Crusher started to pay more attention to him, it was Dean's smile that made Sam feel that the word was a good place, even if he would never see it outside of Dean's photos.

~*~

Dean opened the door expecting pizza and got Child Protective Services.

Actually, he saw the cop first and grinned at him automatically. Some kids smile at their grandmothers for a little extra cash, and others know just when to drop a compliment, but Dean knew that around cops it was best to look cheerful, easy. Nothing to hide here, officer.

"Can I help you, officer?" he asked, trying to think if the guns were visible from the door or if he had moved them into the bedroom to clean them.

The cop smiled back. "Hello. I'm Officer Elden, this is Miss Donatelli. Is your father home?"

Dad was working a nasty case one town over. Had been gone three days. Two more before Dean had permission to worry. "Sorry, no, he just stepped out."

"Your mother?"

He'd stopped telling the truth after he realized that it got a stronger reaction than any lie he could come up with. "Divorced," he said.

"What's your name, son?"

"Dean." He racked his brain for the last name Dad had put on the lease. It had started with a W, which was funny. Wiccan? Witness? 

"Your father is Jack Wyslowsky? This man?" The cop flashed a picture too fast for Dean to really see, but it was probably Dad.

"Yeah."

The cop stepped closer. "Can we come in, son?"

"What division does she work for?" he asked, moving backwards slowly to get a better view of the thin, dark-haired woman, Miss Donatelli, behind Officer Elden.

"Protective Services," she said.

Dean knew what that meant. He looked old for thirteen, but that still barely put him at driving age. "No," he said, and slammed the door hard enough to push the cop's foot back over the threshold. He locked, bolted, and put the stupid little chain on the door.

"Dean! Dean, open this door! We just want to talk."

Dean ran to the single battered telephone in the room and stumbled over the number for Dad's new portable phone. It rang, a counterpoint to his beating heart and the pounding on the door. "Pick up, pick up, pick up," he muttered under his breath.

The second he heard the click of the phone answering, he started talking. "Dad, it's Child Protective Services, they're—"

"Dean, you know fucking better than this." Dad's voice snapped over him. He could hear screaming in the background, the sound of the shotgun being reloaded.

"I know, but they're at the door, and I—"

Something broke in the background, something snarled. "They're just fucking human, Dean. Run, I don't know, I don't have time for this right now. Deal with it!"

Then the phone went dead.

"Okay," he said. "I'll deal with it." 

He pushed the ratty table against the door, grabbed his sawed-off shotgun and Dad's box of fake ID's and credit cards, and climbed out through the bathroom window before the super could come to unlock the door.

~*~

When Bobby Singer picked up the phone and heard John's voice, he checked his pulse to make sure he was still alive. Because he was fairly sure that last time they had talked, the conversation had ended with John promising to see him next when he spat on his grave, and Bobby kicking his ass out of the house with his shotgun pointed at his head.

“Bobby,” John said. “I can’t find him.”

Bobby froze. There were only two hims in John Winchester’s life. One was the nebulous enemy that he blamed for Mary’s death, the epitome of all monsters—a damn crack dream, Bobby had told him more than once, not that he expected Winchester to listen—and Dean. 

“Something got Dean?” Bobby said. “Fuck, what grabbed him and how? I mean, your boy is damned careful.”

John made a sound through the phone that sounded like he was choking on blood, half rasp, half wet. Bobby paused. “John, it got you too?”

“Dammit, Bobby, nothing got him. I came home, and he wasn’t here. He ran…”

Bobby could not imagine Dean Winchester running away from his father. Sure, they were messed up in all the usual ways, and in a few that were purely Winchester, but he had seen how the kid always looked up to his father, followed his lead, did what he was told because he had that much trust in John. The last time they had “talked,” when the guns came out, Dean had looked ready to pull his knife on Bobby if he could only get a good angle. More than once, Bobby had wondered if he would really shoot John some day or if Dean would always be there to remind him that it really wasn’t worth it, and that the obsessed idjit actually mattered to someone. He had never met Mary, but assumed that she either had had the placidity and patience of a saint or had been enough of a woman to kick John’s ass every day and have him thank her for it. He could not imagine anyone else living with John for longer than a weekend.

“…he ran because I told him to, I told him to ‘deal with it’ and now I can’t find him.”

“Slow down, Winchester,” Bobby said. He had a hard time believing that Dean had run, but if John had told him to, if he hadn’t gotten grabbed by something nasty, then there was a good chance that Dean would just show up again, one of those wicked grins on his face, like when he had been a toddler and ended up inside the engine of one of Bobby's old beater trucks. Bobby had found the kid chewing on a sucker, covered in old engine grease, grinning like he had done a truly wonderful thing. Bobby had tried to give him a tongue lashing, but it had been damned hard with Dean so happy to see him. He had charm that made people like him, and convinced them that they could take what he said as truth. “Tell me what happened. Are you hurt?”

John was struggling to breathe, and Bobby could hear every inhale and exhale as a gasp, full of pain. “My son is gone,” he snapped. “I told him to leave and he left and now I can’t fucking find him, what do you think?”

It slowly dawned on Bobby that it might be tears in Winchester’s voice. Holy hell, he thought, I never thought I’d hear John cry. Didn’t think he could.

“John, relax, take a deep breath,” he said. “Dean’s smart, resourceful. He knows how to take care of himself.” Part of him whispered that having Dean gone missing was something John deserved for the way he had raised the boy. You taught him better than anyone else how to disappear. “How long has he been gone?”

“Two weeks.”

“Fuck, John.” Bobby was expecting a few days, a week at most. “Where…what happened?” Not that he really wanted to know. He didn’t think that one antisocial hunter could solve the problems of the Winchesters. He didn’t know if God could solve the problems of the Winchesters.

“I was on a hunt, and he called in the middle, said that Child Protective Services was there, and I couldn’t…dammit, Bobby, he’s my son and I told him to deal with that. He’s thirteen and…”

“What happened after that?” Bobby didn’t want to deal with it, he couldn’t, and more importantly right then he had a kid to save.

“I…I came home, back to the apartment we’d been staying at and…nothing was there, it was gone, the locks were changed. I asked around but there was some…trouble. I tried following the trail, but it was cold, so damned cold, Bobby…”

“How long between the phone call and when you got back to the apartment?” Bobby asked.

The silence made him nervous.

“John?” he said. “John, I can hear you breathing. You’re there. You don’t remember or…”

“It took me three days to get back,” he said bleakly. “I figured…Dean’s never been in a situation that he couldn’t handle, and I thought…”

You thought that you could take your time because you’re so damned used to Dean being his own damn parent. Bobby didn’t say it. He had said it in the past, and he had a couple broken bones to prove it. He didn’t need to say it now. His silence said enough.

He was surprised when John broke the silence first, and not by hanging up. “Help me, Bobby,” he said. “You have to help me. I can’t…I can’t go to them and say that…I can’t tell them I lost my son. I’ll lose him forever then. They’ve been trying…I can’t lose Dean too.”

It took Bobby a long minute to realize that John was asking him to use his hunter contacts, to quietly ask people to be on the lookout for Dean. Maybe even talk to ASC, in case they had the resources to find the kid.

Bobby wondered for the first time if maybe John had disappeared so thoroughly because he had been afraid that the Campbells would take Dean away from him and make him one of their own, make him “Mary’s son” and not John’s at all. Bobby had always thought that John was a little crazy, the way he disappeared, trusted no one, rarely used his own name, rarely told anyone the truth. He was a conspiracy-theory nut even amid the crackpot group that Bobby considered hunters. But he wondered if only half of that had been because of the way Mary had died. The other half may have come from trying to keep a four-year-old and a '67 Impala off the radar of what had become the most powerful organization in the country. 

He would have liked to think that the Campbells wouldn’t have tried to take Dean away, but if he had thought about stealing the kid just so John would stop fucking him up with his own particular brand of crazy, he could easily believe that the Campbells would have moved in on anything or anyone that they considered “one of theirs”. Bobby had only met Samuel Campbell, the previous patriarch of the family and Director of ASC, once or twice before he died, but he had always considered the man to be focused, intelligent, clever, but not nice, not an easy man to live with, not a man that would let any outsider stand between him and family. And to the Campbells, John Winchester would never be family. No matter how many vamps he staked or werewolves he gave a bullet to, he would always be that damn civilian that Mary married.

“Yeah,” Bobby said heavily. “I’ll help you. Don’t worry, John. I’m here, and we’ll get him back.” He just hoped that he wasn’t lying as much to John as John lied to everyone else.

~*~

John finally found Dean through law enforcement gossip. Cops in the towns where he drank—slowly, and nothing but beer, he was there for information not because he wanted a goddamned blackout—started talking about a wild kid, half crazy, stronger and meaner than he should have been, that had turned up in Jefferson, a state away. Kid wouldn't say where he'd come from, how he'd been surviving on his own, but he might have been the son of some national criminal, might have been just a poor abandoned shit, or could even be some kind of monster. No one knew what kind—horrifying to think that monsters could look like kids, too, all innocent and helpless—but anything was possible. And you should have seen what the little bastard did to one of the arresting officers. They weren't sure how his nose would set.

It wasn't that far a drive, but it felt like forever, felt longer than that first night when he had pulled Dean into the Impala after Mary's funeral, wrapping him in a coat in the front seat even though it wasn't as safe as the back—back then, John had been a careful man, and Dean had been his baby, the only thing he still cared about—and driving, driving until he didn't know the name of a single goddamned road and didn't know where he was. Because he figured that if he didn't know, then the Campbells wouldn't be able to follow. If he didn't have a plan, they couldn't show up on his front door with that polite, insincere smile on their face asking after Dean, asking if he was dealing okay, if maybe he would find it easier to deal with his grief if he didn't have an energetic four-year-old on his hands.

"He's a child," Samuel had said. "Of course you can't expect him to really understand what's going on. We'd be happy to take him for a few days if you need a moment to yourself..."

"You can get off my goddamned porch," John replied.

The smile dropped off Samuel's face, and he was the same bastard John remembered from the days when he had been courting Mary, when Samuel had looked at him and seen weakness, uselessness, and something that should never have been attaching itself to his fierce, competent little girl. "Watch your mouth, Winchester. That boy is ours as much as yours."

John cocked the shotgun. As far as he could see, Samuel was unarmed, but he didn't really trust that. "Leave and don't come back." 

Samuel stepped back, slowly, carefully. "We'll be back," he promised, and then turned and walked away.

Arriving was worse, because only then did John realize that he didn't have a plan.

Hunting was easy. Hunting made sense. You see a monster, you shoot it. If it's not human, if it's hurting people, if it lights up the EMF, then it's a monster and you put it down. He had a soft spot in his heart for psychics because of Missouri—one of the only goddamned decent supernatural human beings he had met, and a woman who had helped him through that rough patch, helped him keep it together for Dean—but even then he could see how any kind of power, any kind of extra ability could turn bad, could twist a person up inside until they weren't really human any more.

Hell, he knew he had some black spots, and those he blamed on monsters too. Even the ones that he sometimes had to admit had been there before Mary died. It was easier.

If he walked into that station and said he was there to pick up the kid, they would check his ID, and if Dean had been giving them as hard a time as he expected—that's my boy, give 'em hell—they would be thorough enough to see through the fakes that usually worked on civilians. The civilians would accept anything he said, because they didn't expect it to be wrong, but these cops...they would want to know, especially given all the rumors about where Dean had come from.

Rumors that made going in and admitting that Dean was his son—he was John's goddamned son, give him back right now—even worse. He would be in for neglect at least—how could you leave a thirteen-year-old alone for a week? Jesus, John, when did you become a bastard?—perhaps abuse, maybe they'd even have the balls to nail him for some of the things he had done to keep them alive, back when he would have rather spit in his own eye than accept any aid from the fucking government agency the Campbells controlled. Now he took the stipend, collecting through so many channels that they had never been able to trace it, but back in the early years he had done everything from small-time scams and credit card fraud to shoplifting and bash-and-grabs. Yeah, he had done things that he wasn't proud of, but he didn't think about them much and no one gave a damn when he was saving their asses from the latest poltergeist.

He'd never had to think about any of that until now, when he knew any mention of his name could get him in the same jail cell as Dean. At the very least it would send up a red flag, and a Campbell would be there within a day, maybe a few hours, and then they would take Dean away from him. He knew they could. He had seen them put away enough monsters, had seen them convince enough Congresses and Senators and fucking white-as-a-lily civilians that their torture camp was not only a good idea—he had to admit, it was useful sometimes—but also a good and humane one, that he didn't think taking one thirteen-year-old away from one drunk, obsessed, criminal hunter would be a problem.

But there was a way he could get Dean out and no one would ask any questions. Yeah, the Campbells would see, and they might suspect, and it would give them more damned ammunition to use against him if they could ever really catch him, but he and Dean would be in and out before anyone could find them again. They would hit the ground, lay low at Bobby's for a few days. John hated taking charity, hated bringing anyone else into their problems, but it would be good to have another head, another pair of eyes watching Dean, making sure that there was someone around to protect him when John was being a fucking idiot.

He wouldn't even have to say that Dean was a monster. He could just flash the ID, and no one would ask any questions because that was how ASC worked. They would just look in his eyes, and they would know that there was a monster in their building.

Shame that they would always guess the wrong one. 

~*~

Two states, ten days, two stolen cars and three close misses—two authority figures and one pervert who hadn't expected him to know how to break his fingers from that position—after running from the apartment, Dean got caught and was dragged kicking and screaming into the local precinct office.

They hadn't expected him to know how to fight, but after the first broken nose they stopped treating him like a scared, misguided teen and took off the kid gloves. Dean was good, but they were adults and there were a lot of them, wave after wave forcing him into cuffs, then a straightjacket, and deeper into the police station. 

In the middle of trying to fight them off in an interrogation room, breaking bones and calling them every dirty name he knew—and a few he made up on the spot—he realized that this prison, this confinement, was Sam's life every day. Trapped in a little box, held down, beat up just because he was considered less. Like a shoulder popping into place, a lot of things that Dean had been feeling for a long time, maybe for years, fell into place, and he knew what he was going to do if he ever got out of there, if he ever got to walk out in the sun, shoot ghosts, or just get out of the damned straightjacket again. Right then he decided that he was going to get Sam out, no matter what. No one should have to live like this, and especially not Sam. 

It wasn't a new idea. It had been brewing in his head for a while. But it crystalized in that moment when his teeth sank into someone's hand and an elbow slammed into his diaphragm. After that, it was just Dean fighting them, fighting them with his eyes when his arms and legs and mouth were tied down, and waiting for Dad to spring him. He knew he would. Dad always came for him. He just didn't know if it would be gunplay, or a bomb, or a kind of one-man extraction attack like in the movies.

When Dad finally did come for him, it was terrifyingly easy.

John walked in and flashed his hunter ID. The Agency for Supernatural Control ID he never used, barely touched, wouldn't talk about.

"You have the boy," he said, staring blankly at the officer.

The cop swallowed. He looked into the man's face and saw death. Cold, merciless, unflinching death.

"Yeah. I mean, yes, sir." He handed back the ID. "Makes sense for him to be a monster. He put up quite a fight for a, what, fifteen-year-old? Couple of our people had to get medical attention. Guess we were lucky."

"About what I expected," John Winchester said, tucking the stiff, pristine, silver-edged ID back in his suit. "I need you to burn everything you have on him. Every photo, every file you put together. In fact, you should forget you ever saw him. It's better that way. Where do you have him?"

The officer had never turned a monster over to ASC before, but he knew how it was supposed to work. No questions, no paper trail. "First door on the left, Mr. Winchester," he said.

When Dean saw his father at the door, when the cop unstrapped him from the chair—but did not take off the straightjacket—he got up without a word and let himself be pushed through the halls with a rough hand between his shoulders. All the way to the door, he noticed how eyes skittered away from him, afraid to catch the monster's attention.

In the car, John's face was even more emotionless and cold than usual. He didn't look at his son. Dean pulled off the straightjacket and threw it in the back seat. "Sorry," he said, rubbing his arms and staring at the dash. "I fucked up."

John didn't look at him, didn't change his expression by a hair. "At least you're not dead."

The Winchesters didn't talk again for the next three days.

~*~

Sam hunched over his food, keeping an eye on the new shapeshifter. The guy, nicknamed Hulk for his ability to change and his current form, was easily six feet tall and had muscles that bulged against the thin fabric of his camp clothes. The shape had probably seemed like a good idea while hunters were after him, but in camp it meant that he had more of a body to feed. Food and kindness were both hard to come by in FREACS. 

Anyone in Freak Camp understood the need for food. But it didn't mean that they were any happier when someone, like this bastard, decided to go after the other monsters. Sam watched the shifter's progress through the mess hall, seeing the occasional fist to the face, little stifled cries of pain as those accustomed to abuse gave up their meager portions to the Hulk. All around the hall, those who still had enough self-preservation to notice approaching threats started eating their food faster, shoving it into their faces before the bastard could take it away.

Usually, Sam would have been picking up his own speed, trying to get the dry bread and mushed vegetables into his mouth quickly with the dull spoon that was the only utensil, but today he continued to eat slowly, watching his progress. 

The guards, who usually would have stopped the bastard or made him be more subtle about his thievery—and whose presence would have limited Sam's options—were absent. Gwen Campbell had been in and out of Special Research all week, and some of the guards had been snickering behind her back from the first moment that she came to the facility. The male Campbells broke a few heads, and at least one man got a tongue lashing, but eventually Dave Donovan dropped a comment about her trying to make up for her lack of balls by borrowing the monsters'.

"Gwenny would do better to find a real man to put some steel in her spine," he'd laughed as she walked past him after another long, unsatisfying session in Special Research.

She'd turned—the cheerful, angry look in her eyes the same one that had earned her the nickname Crazy-GDB Campbell—and smiled. "How about I break your spine and see if you've got any steel to spare?"

So the General Area guards were all gone, cheering on their favorites, betting mostly on Campbell to wipe the dirt with Dave's ass.

No one was watching to make sure the monsters didn't kill each other.

Hulk worked his way down the mess hall and eventually stopped next to Sam. Sam kept his eyes on his plate as he carefully scraped up the last of his veggie paste with the last of his bread. He knew he looked like an easy target. Skinny and pale, younger and smaller than most of the monsters in the camp, as far as this shapeshifter—so new that the chartreuse tag on his arm still oozed effluvium where it pierced the skin and arm bones—was concerned, Sam didn't seem like a threat.

Hulk placed one hammy fist on Sam's shoulder and pulled him back.

"Hey, Pretty Freak," he said, slurring his words slightly, grinning down at Sam in what the boy considered a mediocre impression, at best, of Crusher drunk on some poor bastard's screams. "You're pretty damn good at getting a little extra grub. How about you spare me some? You don't want me to be bad to you."

The hand on Sam's shoulder tightened. Sam glanced around the room, meeting eyes that were frightened or as eager as the guards' usually were to see pain. But they weren't waiting for Sam's pain.

Sam jabbed backward with his elbow, right into the sensitive point of the Hulk's thigh. Gasping in pain, the shifter loosened his grip. Sam seized his hand, twisting it over and in front of him, forcing Hulk headfirst into the table, just as Sam stood up to bring all his weight down through his forearm on Hulk's elbow. While the bastard screamed as his bone broke (sure, a shifter couldn't die without silver, but shattered bones still hurt), Sam rolled him onto the table—he was stronger than he looked—and brought the edge of his cheap plastic plate to the bastard's throat, just under the stiff new collar.

"You're not a real," Sam said, staring down into the monster's eyes. "You're just a freak, like me, and you don't mess with other freaks. We'll mess back. And don't call me Pretty Freak, muscle-boy. Do you understand?"

Snarling, the monster tried to reach for Sam with his good arm.

Sam crushed his windpipe with the plate and shoved the shifter's considerable bulk off the table.

He was sitting at another table, calmly licking his plate clean, when the guards arrived in response to the scuffle. They caught the shapeshifter just as he was rising groggily to his feet, the throat wound already sloughing. He bellowed and charged Sam, and then the guards brought him down. They had silver.

Sam glanced over cautiously, and then back to his plate, satisfied that the situation was over. Maybe later he and Hulk would have another round behind the barracks. But the shifter wasn't a real, a hunter, a guard. He wasn't even Dean.

There were very few things that could hurt Sam, in any way, and Hulk wasn't one of them. It was about time Hulk learned that before Freak Camp got him killed.

~*~

Dean sat in Bobby’s living room and cleaned his gun while Bobby sat in his study and pored over an ancient scroll. Then he cleaned the rest of the weapons Dad had left him—machete, knife, jury-rigged flamethrower—and gave Bobby’s coffee table an extra shine to get the cleaner off.

Finished, he wandered into the study. “Can I help?” he asked.

“Can you read feudal Japanese?” Bobby asked without looking up.

Dean shifted. “No.”

“Then no.”

Dean sighed and dropped his jacket. He needed some air. “Back in twenty,” he called, and got a casual hand wave in reply.

The run around the junkyard brought his heart rate up and brought out a light sweat that cooled beneath his shirt. It was a little chilly, with autumn in the air but nothing he couldn’t handle. He ran the perimeter first, making sure that all the trip lines and traps that Bobby had shown him before Dad left were still in place and unsprung, and then worked his way up and down the cars. Bobby had some sweet old beasts, many gutted and nonfunctional. Dean made a mental note of a few cars he wanted to work on, if Bobby would lend him the parts. Dad was teaching him his back-up job as a mechanic, just so they could have the same cover if needed.

He made the run in twenty-six minutes—no urgent need to get anywhere, not like he had anything else to do—and Bobby was still curled over his desk, a new book under his nose.

Dean leaned against the wall in the study and panted. He'd pushed the last mile or so, just so that he could feel something.

"Glad you're back," Bobby said, still without looking up. "I was just about to go out looking for you."

Dean glanced at the clock on the wall. "Six minutes over."

"Can't be too careful."

"God!" Dean hit the wall. "Is he going to hold that against me forever? I did the best—"

Now Bobby glanced up. "I know, kiddo. Don't sweat it. Just for a while John prefers—"

"He wants me to have a babysitter. I'm fourteen, Bobby, and I'm useless." Dean hit the wall again, hard. The wood left his knuckles aching, but nothing else changed. "Are you sure I can't help? Can you..." he waved a hand at the books, "teach me the frickin' Japanese or something?"

Bobby frowned at him. "In an afternoon? No."

"Dammit." Dean got up and went back to the living room, back to his guns and the duffel that held everything Dad had left him when he went away.

"You know what, Dean? I think I've gotten about as far as I can get with this." Bobby stood, closing the book as he rose. "I'm going to talk to someone at Freak Camp."

Dean shot up, his eyes wide. "Freak Camp? Can I come?" When Bobby gave him a suspicious look, he held his hands out. "Hey! Please, don't leave me here, there's nothing to do. Please, Bobby. You don't want to just leave me here alone, do you?"

Bobby sighed. "What the hell. Yeah, I don't want to just leave you here. Grab your gear, we're going to be gone a few nights."

Grinning, Dean shoved his weapons into the duffel and swung it over his arm. "Ready when you are."

The ride was long. Longer because Bobby insisted on stopping for naps on the way. Dean had offered to spell him driving ("Come on, it's four in the morning. I'll drive the speed limit and the cops won't give a crap") but had been turned down. But it was all worth it when Bobby's Camaro pulled into the familiar gravel parking lot.

Dean tried to hide how excited he was. He had seen hunters looking excited and worked up when they went into Freak Camp, but Dad never was, and in all things Dean took his clues about how he should be behaving, as a hunter and a Winchester, from John. And John had never looked anything but stoic walking through the high barbed-wire gates of the Facility. When Bobby heavily got out of the car, bag full of ancient Japanese books, he also looked grim, serious, like he wanted the people at the front desk to understand that he didn't really want to be there. 

It was so hard to look sober and respectable, but Dean managed to pull the excitement off his face. He knew that the guards would notice it—he had been here often enough to know that no matter how sloppy the guards seemed, they really did notice everything—but he hoped that Bobby wouldn't get upset with how much he wanted to be here. He didn't know why Dad and Bobby didn't like Freak Camp when so many other hunters seemed to get a kick out of it, but Dean knew that he should at least try to look like Bobby and Dad. He didn't want to be just another hunter, running around catching monsters for the bounties. He was a Winchester. He had a mission. It was about more than the money—it was about saving people.

Honestly, he didn't want to be like the guards and other hunters that he saw at the camp, even though their behavior more closely matched how he felt when he went—because he would get to see Sam. The guards' attention was one of the reasons that he always brought Sam to whatever dark corner he could find, out of sight if possible—though the guards tended to walk around so they could still see him and Sam. They were probably just as sure as his dad that Dean couldn't handle himself alone. He always made sure that they were out of earshot at least, and Sam seemed no more eager to have their conversations snooped on than Dean. It wasn't like they were planning to lead a monster uprising or firebomb the camp or anything.

Dean carried his own pack, so much like Bobby's, but his didn't have anything really useful for hunting - just a jumbo bag of M&Ms that he'd grabbed at the last gas station, and a new book. It was The Diary of Anne Frankand Dean had thought it was pretty good, for a weird history book about something other than ghosts and things. Okay, so he hadn't read the whole thing yet, just parts. But the really clever girl in the book made Dean think about Sam, and he wanted to be able to tell that to Sam, see his face light up. When they were alone in the camp, Dean always made sure that he was between Sam and the guards, made sure that he was blocking any possible view the adults might have of Sam, because those smiles...those smiles were Dean's, and he didn't want anyone else to have them. That was probably crazy and obsessive of him, but obsession was okay. He'd heard his dad called an "obsessed bastard" more than once, and anything that John was was good enough for Dean. 

The prefabricated metal buildings were the same as always, maybe bearing a few more scratches, another layer of grime. Dean knew that the monsters had to clean the buildings every week, but the heat and dust still built up. Every time he visited, it was like Sam had grown a layer of dust, too, a layer of dullness that burned away the second he looked at Dean.

Dean loved that too. It was like an addiction, like alcohol, but so much better because he'd never forgotten a second of the buzz he got from being with Sam.

He got so distracted by the anticipation of knowing he was going to see Sam that he forgot to hide how excited he was until he glanced out the corner of his eye and saw Bobby watching him.

He suddenly felt self-conscious and nervous. Any second he would see Sam. A guard would see him and bring Sam out from wherever he was, or a monster would notice that he was there and tell Sam and he would come, or he would just be there. But usually by this point Dad was already long gone, his long stride eating up the distance to Special Research while Dean waited in the yard, because his goal, his monster, was right here. But Bobby was still here, watching him, and Dean felt his stride stuttering to a halt.

He didn't know what he saw in Bobby's eyes, but he knew what he would see in Dad's. They had had the argument enough times that Dean didn't argue anymore when Dad brought it up, just nodded his head and let it go and stopped talking about Sam for a while—as long as he could help himself, before he forgot again—but it would always come up again. Then Dad would say another few words about how he had to stop caring so much for a monster, that monsters were always dangerous, no matter how innocent and safe they seemed. Dean was grateful that Dad couldn't sustain an argument by himself. With someone else to fight, he could go forever, and usually it ended with them getting kicked out of wherever they were, or losing another friend, another contact—more than once Dean had thought that Dad would never talk with Bobby or Caleb again, and he barely remembered a handful of other hunters who had seemed decent but Dad hadn't spoken to in years—but when Dean just shut up, Dad didn't seem able to sustain the anger, or the concern. There was only one thing that Dad could lock his rage onto, and it had never been Dean.

"You looking for that monster?" Bobby asked.

That was how the arguments with Dad started too. Dean met Bobby's eyes. Bobby wasn't Dad. Dean didn't know how he would deal with the argument from someone other than Dad. No one else—other than the guards who Dean didn't give a damn about—had ever noticed. "His name's Sam," Dean said. "But, yeah."

Bobby ran a hand over his head. "Kid..." he started.

Out of the corner of his eye, Dean saw Sam come around the corner at a trot. He tried not to look. He had never fought with Dad at Freak Camp—John tried to keep an absolutely united front against other hunters—but he had long ago decided that there was no way in hell that he would get Sam involved in this. 

Bobby saw Sam at the same time. Dean had to look up. He couldn't just let Bobby look at Sam without acknowledging him.

He kept himself between other hunters, other guards, and Sam, and he knew that he would step between Sam and his dad too. And if he would do that to family, he knew without a doubt that he would get between Sam and Bobby. He looked up as Bobby did and stepped slightly away from him, toward Sam. 

Sam didn't stop, didn't seem to see Bobby. Dean looked at him and couldn't stop the smile from rising on his face, had to fist his hand around his bag strap to stop himself from reaching out.

His heart jumped when a bright smile lit up Sam's face, wider than Dean had ever seen, so big he could actually see a flash of teeth. In that moment, Sam looked happy, just like any other kid. Then Sam's eyes slid to Bobby, saw how close they stood, and in a second the smile and all his emotion vanished, wiped clean from his face. Dean knew that they hadn't gone away, that the emotions were still inside of Sam somewhere, but looking at his blank face, skin peeling a little bit from the eternal sunburn, it was hard to imagine ever finding that smile again. Sam stopped, suddenly hesitant and unwilling to come any closer. He looked down at his feet and then to the side, as though trying to convince anyone watching that his earlier enthusiasm had just been an illusion, something unreal and unimportant.

Dean glanced quickly around. A couple guards were watching and smiling. In that second he hated them, and almost hated Bobby, for seeing how much Sam meant to him, and he meant to Sam.

~*~

Bobby looked at the monster that he guessed was Sam. Damn, the kid looked maybe ten, and thin enough that Bobby could fold him in the bag with his rifles.

Bobby didn't like monsters, didn't like Freak Camp, didn't like many of the new hunters who got their money directly from the state and were in it for bounties. He knew, better than most, that a man could love a monster—he still missed his wife, still could remember the exact moment he had been forced to pull the trigger when she was possessed, and he still regretted that he hadn't known how to save her at the time. He hated monsters, hated them with a passion that he didn't like to look at too closely—but that kid didn't look like he could threaten a fly.

And the way he had smiled at Dean, for just a second before it fell off his face like water off an oiled cloth, stabbed Bobby's heart in a way he hadn't felt in a long time.

"That's Sam?" he asked. He didn't miss the way that Dean had stepped a little bit away from him, toward the other kid. He wondered if he and John had argued about this very often, if the kid ever put up any kind of fight with his father. Bobby argued with John enough that he found it hard to believe that anyone could live with the man and not want to knock his skull open so that some sense might creep in. But even at his angriest, Dean practically worshiped the ground John walked on.

Dean nodded. He couldn't seem to decide where to put his eyes - on Sam, on the guards who were subtly watching them, or on Bobby. "Yeah." He straightened his shoulders and finally met Bobby's eyes. "He's Sam."

Out of the corner of his eye, Bobby could see the tension in the monster's shoulders. He thought Dean could too. Bobby took a good grip on his nerves and looked at the kid.

The monster wouldn't look him in the eye. Fuck, the boy wouldn't look at him. Bobby raised a hand. "Come here, kid."

Sam came immediately, without hesitating, keeping his eyes locked on his feet like he was sure that if he didn't watch them they would do something he didn't want them to. He carefully didn't look at Dean, while Dean didn't take his eyes off Sam's face for a second.

"Look at me," Bobby said.

Sam looked up, but not in his eyes. His gaze locked somewhere in the area of Bobby's left ear and stayed there.

Bobby almost lifted a hand to touch Sam's face, to try to make the kid look him in the eye, but lowered it even before Dean could start moving between them, the beginnings of anger and guilt mixed up on his face. Bobby couldn't touch the kid because of the way his eyes had changed from emptiness to...Bobby couldn't even describe it. He had seen a shifter's eyes flash on video footage, he had watched more than one demon's eyes change into depthless black or red, but what happened on Sam's face was worse than all of that because it was completely human. Not just empty, hopeless, but prepared. He hadn't even flinched, hadn't moved at all, but those eyes said, Go ahead, I know you're going to hit me. But you can't really touch me, no matter how much it hurts.

There were demons that had been in Special Research for years that didn't have eyes like that.

"Bobby," Dean said. "Don't..." He bit his lip, and then glared. Bobby saw more than a little of his dad in him. Which half made him proud, and half made him want to smack him.

Bobby wished that he could see Dean excited again. Since all the shit had gone down when John had rescued him from Protective Services using his hunter ID, Dean had been angry, subdued in a way that he couldn't express except by running, using Bobby's junker cars for target practice—not that the kid needed any more practice with a gun or a knife—and drifting around the house like a restless spirit. Even though it had been about a monster, a kid that could grow up to be one of the dangerous things Bobby put down without hesitation every day—no matter what or who they looked like—it would have been good for Dean to be out of his funk for a little longer.

"I'm not going to do anything to him, Dean," Bobby said. He glanced at Sam. "You. Stand back there for a second."

"Yes, sir." Sam retreated, though he didn't turn his back. Bobby got the feeling that he was watching every move and trying very hard not to be seen doing it.

Bobby pulled Dean aside. "Dean, he looks like a good kid, and he's never tried to hurt you, right?"

Dean was outraged. "Dammit, Bobby, he's never even come close. Why can't you just understand—"

Bobby held up a hand and managed to cut Dean off. If only that worked as well with John. "They're monsters, kid. You know that every single freak in this camp did something, had something wrong with them, or off about them, or was a threat in some way. That's why they're here."

"Sam didn't do anything!" Dean's voice was rising, but he caught it, stuffed it back down, glancing at the guards, and then glaring at Bobby. "Sam didn't do anything!" he hissed. "He got dropped here before fucking kindergarten and he doesn't remember anything, and how can he be a monster?"

"He says he doesn't remember anything," Bobby said. "That doesn't mean nothing happened. Werewolves—"

"Sam's not a werewolf, not a vamp, not a psychic or a witch or any damn thing that they can pin a title on, he's just Sam, and sure, he's here, but that doesn't mean—"

"Dean." Bobby was mildly surprised when just saying the kid's name worked. Maybe he was channeling John. Chilling thought. "He's here."

Dean looked down. "That doesn't mean everything."

Bobby glanced at the sullen teenager in front of him and the silent hopeless boy standing just out of earshot. He could almost believe that Dean knew what he was talking about. But he was just barely fourteen, for crying out loud.

But hell, John had abandoned his son to CPS, and Bobby had made his share of mistakes. They were well over Dean's age, and they were still making mistakes. Bobby just hoped that this wouldn't be another one of his. 

"Hell," he said at last. "I'm going to Special Research. Do you want to come with me?" Not that Bobby wanted Dean anywhere near that place. It was enough to make him sick to his stomach. The longer Dean went without being exposed to that part of hunter life, the better. He felt relieved when Dean shook his head, even though he could feel the bitterness rolling off of him.

"Dean," he said, and the boy looked up. Damn, but that kid was as stubborn as his father, but Bobby was pretty sure that his heart was in a healthier place. "I know that you're going to hang around with that kid, probably give him the candy that you have in your bag, right?"

Dean's face closed down, got stubborn and angry. "Maybe, sir."

No maybe about it, Bobby thought, but didn't say it out loud. The kid didn't need to know that he could read him like a book, and he was no frickin' feudal Japanese, either. "Watch yourself, Dean. Be careful."

Dean relaxed, just a little bit. Bobby wondered if that was something that John said before he left, before he showed Dean that he trusted him. "I always am, sir." He sounded confident, but sad. He knew from recent experience that sometimes being careful wasn't enough.

Bobby wished he could explain to Dean that John wasn't angry at him, but at himself, and that Winchester had never been very good at channeling his personal self-loathing and rage onto the people and objects that deserved it, but he didn't think that Dean could understand. He had never been responsible for anyone but himself—and maybe sometimes for his father—never felt the kind of possessive, absent, integral love that John had for him even when he was doing a piss-poor job of showing it. "You do good, kid." Bobby hesitated, glanced at Sam, and then walked away.

~*~

Dean breathed half a sigh of relief when Bobby moved away. He had felt the argument growing, had known that he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from defending Sam, and would probably have forced Bobby to grab him by the scruff of the neck and drag his ass out of camp—which wouldn’t have helped—and then they would have fought. Dean thought sometimes that it would be nice to fight with someone about Sam. He still hadn’t quite been able to get to that point with Dad. There was always something in him that thought his dad knew best, his dad knew how to keep him alive, and he should really be listening to him.

And, of course there was the fact that Dad wasn’t talking to him, was so fucking ashamed of how he had behaved with the whole Child Services thing that he had left and probably wouldn’t be coming back for a long time.

But now Bobby was gone, and there was nothing to stop him from turning back to Sam.

Sam watched the hunter leaving, eyes wide, expression tense, but Dean could see how his eyes were flickering back to his face, around to see where the guards were.

The nervous energy between them reminded Dean a little bit of when he and Dad weren’t talking. Except he knew that he and Sam were in the conspiracy together.

They both waited until Bobby had gone around a corner on his way to Special Research, and then they simultaneously breathed a sigh of relief. Sam started and stared, but Dean laughed. It was good, damn good, to be around someone else who wasn’t an adult, someone who also got nervous and uncertain around them.

“Hey, Sammy,” he said.

Sam gave him a nervous, watery smile, and Dean couldn’t stop the answering one on his face. He wished that Sam would look as happy again as he had when he had first seen Dean coming, but he figured that was too much to hope for. He rarely got to see Sam excited. Dean blamed the place and the people of Freak Camp. There was only so much emotion that someone could have in a prison, Dean knew that now. And he supposed that Sam had been there so long that he couldn’t even manage anger anymore. Though Dean thought that maybe he could stay angry for both of them if he had to.

“Come here,” Dean said, gesturing, and Sam followed him to the edge of a barracks. Dean turned his back so that he was blocking the guard’s view of Sam, so that no one could see his lips moving. He didn’t know if any of the guards were lip readers, but he had decided that it was enough of a possibility that he should take no chances.

“I have something I want to tell you,” Dean said.

Sam blinked rapidly and ducked his head. “What—what is it, Dean? Your dad…”

Dean waved him off. “No, this isn’t about Dad. This is…” this is me realizing than you shouldn’t be here any more, than no one as good as you should ever get locked up like I was, “something completely different.”

“Okay,” Sam whispered. He wasn’t looking up. His hands were folded tightly over each other as though he was bracing himself for the blow.

Dean wanted Sam to look at him. He wanted Sam to believe him. Because no one else did, but of all the people in his life, Sam was the one that Dean wanted to believe him when he was telling him the truth, because Sam was the one who most deserved it.

He reached out, grabbed Sam’s face and tilted it up. “I’m gonna get you out of here, Sam,” he said. “I’m going to get you out of Freak Camp if it’s the last thing I ever do.”

Sam stared, dumbfounded. He blinked a couple times and then shook his head, hard, as though he couldn’t believe anything that he had just heard.

“D-D-Dean, don’t joke about…” he started. Dean saw he was starting to breathe hard, and were those tears…? “Please don’t say things—“

“Sam, I’m going to get you out.” Sam had to believe him. Suddenly, in Dean’s young life that was the one thing that he had to make very very clear to Sam. Because he had let down a lot of people recently, but Sam had to believe that Dean would never let him down as long as there was one breath in his body. As long as he could stop his own fuck-upedness, he would do this one thing. “That’s not me fucking with you, Sam. That’s a promise.”

Sam stared. “Dean…you can’t. I mean, I know you’ll try, but you can’t take a monster out. And I’m just…”

“I’m going to do it, Sammy. Just you watch. I gave you my word, didn’t I?” And you don’t deserve to be here any longer.

“Yes, Dean. I just don’t…” Sam shook his head, and then took a deep breath. When he looked up, those were tears in his eyes, but Dean could see that there wasn’t a trace of doubt, of the vague panic that had been in his eyes before. “It’s hard to believe,” he said. “It’s hard…”

“You don’t have to believe,” Dean said. “Because I’m going to make it happen, and then it won’t be a fucking fairy tale, it’ll be real.” And once Sam was out, Dean would make sure that he was safe forever. He would make damn sure that no one would ever be able to make Sam afraid.

And everyone else could go to hell, as long as he had Sam.

~*~

Hours after Dean disappeared from sight with the other hunter, his words rang in Sam's ears. I'm going to get you out, Sammy. They made Sam's heart pound so fast it ached, and he had to close his eyes and take steady breaths to make sure he didn't show anything that would raise questions from other monsters or the guards. But he had a secret, a wildly wonderful secret that was all his, that was the best thing to happen to him in his entire life. He had to bite his lip hard to keep from laughing in Karl's face when he made the rounds through the mess hall at dinner. None of them knew, and of course they could never know or they'd do their best to stop it. Not that they, or anyone, could stop Dean when he swore he was going to do something. But they might make it harder, make it take longer.

Dean had warned him anyway it wouldn't be fast, he may not be able to get him out for a while. Sam understood. Monsters didn't leave Freak Camp—not through the front gates, anyway, only through the incinerator—not unless they were going to be bait for a special hunt. But that's not what Dean had meant. Sam was sure of that. Dean was going to take him out, and then—Sam honestly had no idea what would happen then, what Dean would do with him, but he was sure that wherever Dean put him, he would visit at least as often as he did now with Sam in Freak Camp. And nothing, nothing could be worse than Freak Camp. Sam was sure of that.

He had never imagined he'd be able to escape Karl, Victor, and Crusher—he felt even more frightened of Crusher, even more anxious to avoid eye contact or his attention, sure he'd be able to tell the secret nearly bursting inside Sam—and all the guards and hunters who walked through camp and looked at Sam as though sizing him up for what size hook he'd best fit on.

He was going to leave. He really was. Dean had promised. That night, in the dark barracks, Sam bit down hard on his fist to contain the uncontrollable grin on his face, the mad desire to laugh and laugh until he couldn't breathe, until someone held a pillow over his face to make him stop. He couldn't let that happen now.

Because a promise always involved two people - him and Dean - and he had to do his best to stay alive until Dean could take him out.