CHAPTER 5: Video

When Light woke up in the holding cell in the morning, Sayu was a frightened cocoon, sitting on her cot with her knees drawn up to her chest and her blankets wrapped around and around her. Her eyes were very wide and haunted. That posture... those eyes... Light was reminded of him, of L. His eyes had looked like that before they closed for the last time. This whole kidnapping experience kept bringing up memories of L for some reason.

Light pushed thoughts of L out of his head and picked up the rape script from where he'd thrown it on the floor the previous night. Light paged through it, easily memorizing it. There was a reason why he tended to get perfect scores on exams. Not only was he a genius, he could also memorize tons of facts all at once, and certain exams were little more than regurgitated information.

Once he'd gone through the rape script and carefully committed it to memory, he placed it under his cot. Mello was creative and kinky; he had to give him credit for that. And, thinking so far ahead as to write out a script, there was something admirable about it. Most rapists didn't write out a script for their victims to follow.

Light could barely keep the smile off his face to fool the surveillance cameras. Him, a victim? Mello was the one who was the real victim here. Mello thought he'd have some fun sending a threatening rape video to Soichiro, but in reality he'd be doomed as soon as Misa saw his face. Light was momentarily troubled. Was there a chance that Misa would do something stupid like just killing Mello in the heat of revenge without controlling him into giving back the death note?

No, she was impulsive and impatient, especially when it came to himself, but she had some sense. She wouldn't risk her precious Light because she was too eager to punish his enemies. But, then, Light was remembering about when both their lives had been at risk shortly after they met. She'd come back for a visit two days later instead of two weeks, against orders, even though Light had clearly warned her about the extreme danger involved, and that was the thing that had likely led to her being arrested by L and nearly got both of them killed.

Mogi had been watching, and then they'd searched Misa's apartment and found the physical evidence to link her to the Kira videos. Misa occasionally took suicidal risks without a good reason.

No, even if Misa might do something that stupid, Light was sure the task force members would never let Misa see the video and they'd be smart enough to put it where she couldn't just steal it. Misa wouldn't see Mello's face until Light was there to make sure the controlled death would be done perfectly. There would be no problems. Everything would go exactly as planned. The only thing that could possibly go wrong was if Mello decided to blur out his face on the video, but if Mello did that and if Mello's photo really wasn't in any law enforcement databases, there were other plans that could be used. They would take longer but-

Sayu said, "Light, I'm sorry. I'm such a coward. I'm sorry, but I'm afraid. What... what you're doing, you're a hero. You've always been a hero to me, and I've been mean to you. I've been a horrible sister. I've ignored you a lot. You work so hard and risk your life over and over, but I don't appreciate it."

Sayu rubbed one fist under her eyes, wiping away the tears that were silently collecting there.

In a gentle voice, Light said, "Shhhh, Sayu. It'll all be okay. I'll protect you, and I'll keep protecting you. Don't worry about anything."

Light wondered what Sayu would think if she knew he'd been contemplating murdering her a short time ago. She'd be revolted, he knew. Her current sentiments were better. This captivity would teach Sayu a wonderful lesson. After this, Sayu would be shamed into forever acknowledging the kind of hero he really was. Sayu wouldn't know the truth, the real ways and methods by which he was a hero, but she'd be forced to give him the respect he deserved anyway.

The world was rotten, and it needed to be cleansed. Kira the savior was the only one both smart enough and powerful enough to do it. Light was willing to sacrifice anything, anyone, in order to reach his goal. And, it felt good to have someone close to him realize he was a great hero, even if for the wrong reasons.

Light knew he'd never let Sayu forget the sacrifice he'd made here. He'd rub it in her face for the rest of her life. She would never ignore him again, and she would always be nice and subservient and compliant. It would be-

Then, Light heard the sound of many feet approaching along the hallway, and he knew the time was at hand. Conflicting emotions swirled within him. He was a bit sick with adrenaline and horrid anticipation, but he also had the idea tickling the back of his mind that this was a chance to be naughty, to try out his secret urge to be with a man who looked like a woman. After putting up with Misa for years, Light deserved a little sexual wandering, and this way he could do it without worrying about Misa doing something stupid to take revenge.

As Mello and his men were lining up on the other side of the bars, evil smirks on all their faces, Light took his chance to study Mello. This was the important enemy, the one who would need to be completely subdued. Light needed to get as much information as possible. If he could anticipate Mello's thinking process, that would be an advantage.

There was something hard in Mello's eyes, something defiant and completely badass, but it was a different kind of hard look than the criminals surrounding Mello. Somehow, Mello didn't seem like a criminal at all but rather like someone concerned with justice, a good guy who was willing to go to any extremes, no matter how dark and tainted those methods might be. A man, Light felt, like himself.

But, no, you couldn't really read that much just from people's eyes, could you? Light tried to shake off his impression. It was illogical. He really knew nothing about Mello, except that he was a crime boss. That made him a criminal, just like all the others.

Light only needed to understand how intelligent Mello might be and whether he might make any unexpected moves. Judging Mello's morality wasn't something that needed to be thought about. It was simple. Mello deserved to die because he was a criminal and because he'd opposed the god of the new world. Even the good guys deserved death if they opposed Kira. L, the FBI investigators, and even, if they got in the way, Light's own family. It was a matter of right and wrong, sin and punishment. Anyone who obstructed the developing utopia was evil.

All the thoughts about Mello only took a few seconds to flit through Light's mind, and then Mello was saying, "Have you decided?"

Light said, "I will be the victim, and I choose you, Mello."

Sayu let out a choked sob at Light's words, but Mello looked satisfied, smug even. He was eating chocolate again, and he had a look in his eyes, an "exactly as planned" look. Light tried to show Mello an expression indicating a determined brother who was saving his sister from rape, but deep down, he had exactly the same feeling. Mello had fallen into his trap perfectly. Looking girly like he did, Mello probably had certain tendencies. Perhaps he'd been hoping for this all along, for the pretty-boy to volunteer himself for the rape.

Mello said, "Did you memorize the script yet, or do you need a couple more hours?"

Light replied, "I've memorized it."

Mello smiled and said, "Improv is fine, especially for me, but if you deviate from the script much, I'll tie you to the rack and get out the whips. I might even leave scars. If your father keeps resisting after this video, the rapes will get progressively uglier. Today things will be... fairly tame... if you know what I mean. You're my tame little pussy, and I won't hurt you too badly as long as you behave."

Light remembered this part. They were starting already. Mello was a kinky bastard.

Light said, "Meow."

The men surrounding Mello were all tall, muscular and rough-looking, most carrying weapons. Three of them were already hoisting video cameras, beginning to film the action, getting a bit of Sayu's pale, shocked face in the background. Tears were silently running down her cheeks, leaving wet trails. Mello stepped forward, unlocking the holding cell and then passing the key to one of his men so he could focus his full attention on Light as Light stepped out. Light immediately bowed his head, holding out his neck as Mello fastened a collar around it. Light could feel the slight swaying weight of the bell and the toy mouse that were dangling from the collar.

Mello said, "Light, what is my name?"

Light's gut twisted to say it, but he replied, "Master."

Yes, this guy would soon find out who the real master was. Light would bide his time, and after he had Mello's name written down, maybe he'd even play with him for a time, maybe he'd whisper "I'm Kira" in Mello's ear moments before his death, as he'd done with a few other controlled victims. There was nothing so delicious as that moment of doom, being able to gloat over fallen rivals or enemies.

Mello said, "Kitty, play with your toys."

Light playfully batted at the bell and mouse attached to his collar, keeping his fingers stiff like cat paws. Then he squeezed the toy mouse and it let out a shrill squeak. Oh, God. Mello was a freak.

Mello said, "Light, you're a very dirty kitty. We're going to take you to another room and clean you up, and then we'll punish you."

Light had to be docile and let Mello snap a leash onto his collar and push him down to crawl on the floor. Mello started down the hallway and Light crawled at his side, while the armed guards and cameramen kept pace and made little sounds of derision. Mello finished his chocolate and Light saw the crumpled wrapper tossed down, skittering and bouncing across the floor and then coming to rest against the wall.

Light remembered then. He'd better stay in character. So, he meowed at intervals, and made the mouse squeak a few times as he crawled along at the end of the leash. The trip wasn't long, but Light's knees were already getting slightly sore from the hard floor, and he could tell his suit was getting scuffed and dirty.

At the end of the hallway, they reached a large room that looked like a communal shower, with dozens of shower-heads spaced closely along two of the walls with no privacy dividers or stalls at all; it was completely open. The walls and the floor were entirely made of concrete, and the floor had a subtle slope leading to a central drain.

Quite a number of metal hooks were on the walls, most of them rusty and tarnished. In one corner, there was a broken-looking dresser with the paint peeling off, looking as if the showers had been run on it a few times. In another corner, there were a couple of toilets sitting out in the open, without even a partial wall to block them off from sight.

Light crawled in the direction of the dresser, and just then, Mello kicked him in the ribs and said, "Kitties don't wear any clothing. Take it off."

Light sat down on the floor - the script had made it clear that standing would be punished - and shrugged out of his suit jacket, and then began unbuttoning his shirt. Mello watched almost hungrily, so Light made a little show of the unbuttoning process, meowing a couple of times during it and pausing halfway through to lick the back of his hand in a cat-like manner. After he peeled his shirt off and flung it on the floor, he rolled onto his back and kicked off his shoes, then pulled off his socks.

Mello leaned over, getting a good look for the main part of the show. Light pulled down his trousers slowly, exposing pale blue boxers, and then paused. He knew what happened now.

Mello nudged his ribs with the toe of a boot and said, "What's the matter? Is the cat ashamed to show me his cock?"

Several of the men standing around laughed. Light wondered if they'd read the script, or if they thought this was Light's own decision.

Light placed both hands over his crotch and said, "I'm scared, Mr. Rapist."

Mello kicked him hard in the ribs, enough to knock the air out of his lungs, and said, "Strip for me."

"No, Master."

Mello placed a boot on Light's neck and pressed down, grinding slightly back and forth. It didn't cut off the airflow entirely, but Light was finding it hard to breathe.

Mello said, "I'm going to rape you, and I'll make you like it. I'll have you coming so hard, just for me. Now, show me how happy you are. Take everything off and play with yourself."

Light felt a blush burning on his face. He was already half-hard, and he didn't want Mello to see. Maybe, just maybe, the voluminous folds of the boxers had concealed it so far. Mello immediately noticed the blush and leaned down further, placing one hand, clad in a fingerless leather glove, on Light's small bulge.

Mello rubbed gently on the outside of the fabric, and Light's bulge grew underneath Mello's attentions, his face blushing more furiously.

Mello flashed him an amused glance and said, "You're really cute, you know that? Now, take them off and play with yourself."

Light was breathing faster, and he slowly pulled off his boxers, exposing his now-full erection. Then he took a deep breath and began rubbing himself, looking into Mello's eyes the whole time. A little bit of pre-cum dribbled out of the tip, and Light rubbed it around on the head of his penis with his thumb, making it slick and increasing the good sensations.

One of the mafia guys said, "You sure can pick them, Mello. This pretty boy is just begging to be raped."

Mello stood up and gave Light a small kick into the bruise he'd previously made on the side of his ribs, and said, "Oh, he'll beg pretty soon. He wants it."

Light looked up and saw a hard, bitter expression in Mello's eyes, almost mournful. He continued rubbing himself lightly, using stroking teases that made him want to moan and press harder and really go to work, but he didn't because he knew he wasn't allowed to come at this point in the script. There was no point in getting too worked up quite yet.

Then, in a soft, even tone, almost a whisper, Mello said, "You're a dirty, shameless kitty. Look at you, playing with yourself in front of everybody, and you got hard so fast. Who knows what kind of filth you have inside you? I'm going to make sure you get completely clean."

Light stopped pleasuring himself, rolled onto his stomach and then crawled over to the dresser. He opened the third drawer and found an enema bag, hosing, a tube of lubricant and some towels. Light rose to his knees, as close as he was allowed to get to a standing position, and hung the enema bag from a hook on the wall.

A mafia guy entered the room at that time with a large pitcher and began pouring it in the top of the enema bag. Light let a bit of water flow out the hose to make sure there wouldn't be any air bubbles, and then closed the nozzle at the end of the hose and coated it with lubricant.

Light lay down on his side and began pushing the tip of the nozzle into himself. It felt good, especially when he was already hard, and he had a momentary urge to fuck himself with the nozzle, to push it in and out. Instead, he merely pushed it in a few inches, clamped down on it with his muscles to keep it from slipping out, and slowly turned on the valve. The warm water flowing into him felt funny and slightly sickening and arousing all at the same time.

He rubbed his abdomen, trying to move the water inside, to spread it around, but it still felt so very odd, wrong and right and just plain weird all at once. Light had experienced enemas a few times, but it had been years and he'd mostly forgotten what it felt like. Very quickly, he was feeling quite uncomfortable, extremely full inside. He shifted on the towels nervously and used the valve to slow down the rate of flow, but the bloated feeling continued getting stronger and stronger.

Soon the urge to expel was almost uncontrollable. Light turned off the valve and carefully withdrew it, keeping his butt muscles tight to hold everything in. His eyes darted to Mello to see if he'd be allowed to release yet, but Mello simply placed a boot on his neck and said, "You can take it."

Light lay there on his side, on towels on the cement floor, surrounded by complete strangers with video cameras and weapons. All the faces looking down at him were leering. Light knew his father and the task force members would see this. Well, perhaps they'd be too sickened to see all of it. Somehow, it felt more shameful for them to see this part than the actual rape. Light was blushing again and then sweating and he wriggled uncomfortably, the smooth weight of Mello's boot still pressing down on his neck.

Light looked up at Mello's face and saw no mercy there, but Light needed, he truly, desperately, needed to let it out. It was uncomfortable, an intense pressure on the border of pain, and he couldn't help but constantly make slight shifts in his position, his bloated abdomen practically sloshing with each movement.

Light said, "Master, please. I need to use the toilet."

Mello pressed down hard on Light's neck one more time, then removed his boot and nodded. Light crawled in the direction of the nearest toilet, his face burning in shame once again. What was this? It was only using the toilet. Something he'd done in front of others before, even though he preferred not to. It wasn't a big deal. Having it filmed by a bunch of strangers and sent to his father was something he should be worrying less about than the rape itself. But, somehow, it was this that seemed like a big deal, not the event that would happen soon after.

I just have to get through this. Keep crawling. I can hold it in. I'm not going to soil the floor.

With a groan, Light reached the toilet and flung himself onto the seat, letting go an instant later.

Oh, God. Everything flowing out of him, all at once, a nauseating rush of liquid. It seemed like far too much, more than could have possibly been inside him. Light closed his eyes as it happened, not wanting to look at the faces around him. When it was over, he opened his eyes to see the next part, what he knew was coming.

Mello already had it prepared. Mello was holding something like a sponge on the end of a long stick, and he had a bucket of extremely soapy water, the suds overflowing onto the floor.

Light crawled over there, and Mello turned on a shower, spraying water down onto Light that was at first ice cold but then quickly became quite warm.

Mello said, "I still think you're dirty. You're a dirty little whore, aren't you?"

Light said, "I'm filthy. I need to be cleaned."

Mello plunged the sponge-on-a-stick into the mop bucket of soapy water, and then began scrubbing Light. Light crouched there patiently, watching the trail of suds and water work complex, ropy braided patterns on their journey to the drain. Mello was extremely thorough, scrubbing every last inch of skin until it was pink and felt slightly abraded, and he made Light spread his legs and roll around for special attention from every angle to all the private areas.

Light was getting very hard again, almost painfully aroused from all the attention. When Mello concentrated on his dick and balls and the perineum area, getting into every nook and scrubbing hard, Light had to hold himself back from coming. That wet, soapy sponge felt so slippery and good, but he didn't want the punishment. Coming at a time not allowed by the script... that was bad.

When Mello was finally satisfied, all of Light's skin was tingling and just a bit sore. Mello left Light under the shower long enough to wash away every last trace of soap, and then he snapped the leash onto Light's collar and took him to a big industrial dryer, where hot air came up through a grate in the floor and from each side at the same time. It was a burning-hot wind, battering at Light's body with considerable force, and it made his skin tingle more than ever.

Light knew what was coming next. The kitchen scene. He dutifully followed Mello down yet another hallway, meowing at intervals, and into a kitchen. Mello got out a cat bowl and placed it on the floor, then got some milk from a refrigerator and poured it in.

"Kitty, drink your milk!"

Light meowed and crawled over to the bowl, then leaned down, putting his mouth on the surface and drinking. When he had half emptied it, Mello poured more in, but spilled some on his boots.

Mello angrily said, "Look what you made me do!"

Light said, "Master, I'm sorry. I'll fix it."

Light eyed Mello's boots. They were shiny and clean, almost abnormally so, as if they were completely new boots that had been removed from a store shelf only minutes ago. That was a relief.

Light licked the milk off, slowly and sensuously, getting every drop. Then he gazed upward seductively and said, "Master, I like licking your boots. Spill some more just for me."

Mello said, "You perverted cat! You're always so horny, but I won't give in. It's time for you to go to sleep."

Mello pulled on the leash, taking Light into a carpeted room like a large living room with most of the furniture taken away. It was mostly empty, just a couple of couches, one chair, and a giant version of a cat bed located in the center.

Light wondered if it were actually a bed for large dogs, such as Great Danes, but it looked very feline. It was like a huge circular cushion with a padded fabric wall rimming most of its edge, and it was pink, with attached bows, bells, and embroidered stylized cats. Any dog would be ashamed to sleep there. Light crawled over to it and inside, curling up in a cat-position. He felt weirdly like L. That's how he always slept.

Mello said, "Kitty, go to sleep. You're a bad kitty!"

"No! I won't! Master, I want something."

"Light, are you a horny kitty?"

Light smiled sweetly and said, "Master, I want you to rape me. I want you to take me hard, shove your penis into me, and make me come all over your hands."

"No! You're sick!"

"Master, I want it. I want you to violate me. I need it! I need your hot penis inside me!"

"No!"

"Fuck me. Fuck me hard, until I'm screaming. Rape me, and force me to like it."

All the mafia guys were snickering at the dialogue.

Mello said, "Light, tell me you're my rape toy."

"I'm your rape toy. You can do whatever you want with me."

"What if I go away?"

Mello turned as if to leave.

Light said, "Master, no! Please don't leave me like this! Please have mercy! I'm so horny I can't stand it! Rape me until you're completely satisfied! Please, please, please!"

Mello turned back with a smirk, and then tossed Light a vibrator and a tube of lubricant, saying, "Do a good job of preparing yourself. Otherwise it's gonna hurt like hell."

Light coated the vibrator with plenty of lube, and then turned it on. He'd tried similar, but smaller, devices in the past, and he'd had mixed feelings about the results. They were pleasurable, but he always felt weird about putting things in there.

Eventually, he'd been forced to throw them away because Misa kept finding them and accusing him of being hornier than the frequency of their sexual encounters would otherwise suggest. It was just too much trouble.

Light pressed the tip of the vibrator at his entrance. The lube was cold, so at first it was a shock, but the vibrations, they felt extremely nice and were loosening him up in no time. The tight ring of muscle was opening, and then he was pressing the vibrator further in. It really was a tight fit, and he had to stop several times, working it in and out, forcibly relaxing inside.

Light was getting hard again, without even touching his dick, and he felt the urge to look at Mello's face while he did this. Light blocked out the faces of the other men and gazed just at Mello, looking at his girlish blond hair, the leather, oh so much leather, and the long, slender legs. Mello had a way of leaning his weight on one leg and splaying the other slightly outward, and it was incredibly erotic.

The vibrator was slipping in and out easily now, and Light fucked himself with it harder and faster. Then Mello was approaching, getting into the giant cat bed, and he forced Light onto all fours in front of him, pulling the vibrator away. Light heard the sound of leather against skin, and saw the fingerless gloves and a vest and the pants go flying across the room.

Then Light felt Mello nestling up behind him, and Mello leaned down, so that Light felt Mello's hair tickling his shoulder and neck, Mello's breath in his ear.

Light heard Mello's husky whisper say, "Beg for me."

"I want you... please... I can't stand it any more! Rape me! Rape me now!"

Mello said, "You deserve to get raped, Light."

There was something incredibly bitter in Mello's voice just then, and Light wondered, was this a personal vendetta? For some odd reason, thoughts of L flashed into his mind, but no, Mello couldn't have anything to do with L. L didn't have any friends, and if he'd had acquaintances he wanted to put on Kira's trail, he would have done so in a much better way and it would have started years ago.

Mello said, "Beg again!"

"Master, rape me please! I'll do anything! Please!"

And then, all in one swift motion, Mello entered him from behind. Oh, God. Light was almost coming just from being entered.

It was brutal, and if Light hadn't been prepared so well, he was sure it would have torn something inside him. It hurt so good, stretching him almost to the breaking point.

Then Mello pulled out almost completely, and rammed in hard a second time. Light cried out. He was so... filled. He knew he was going to feel empty internally when this was over. He needed Mello's dick inside him. It was incredibly hard, and it was pulling out and pushing in, again and again, and it was so good. It made him whimper in pain and pleasure all at once. The bell at his collar jingled constantly from the rhythm.

Mello drew a fingernail along his side, digging in almost enough to draw blood. Light was sure it would leave a long red mark. The pain sent shivers through his body as Mello's cock kept pounding into him. The combination of pain and pleasure was heightening the pleasure. Especially inside, the pleasure was beginning to win, surging to greater heights and drowning out the pain.

Mello fucked him hard and fast, subtly speeding up. Light gasped. He was becoming undone. His true self was somehow emerging for Mello, and these strangers, and the cameras to see. Everyone would know. Light's father, the task force, they would all know. But, Light didn't want to think about it. He blocked it out of his mind, closing his eyes, focusing on that burning-hot length inside him.

Mello was relentless, and not a bit gentle. The hard fucking was bringing Light close to the edge incredibly fast. It was like he needed it. He needed to be fucked rough, by a guy, taken from behind like a whore.

Then Mello said, "Light, you're a horny, shameful kitty and you want to be raped. You wanted this to happen. You're going to come for me."

Then Mello's hands were reaching around and stroking Light's neglected erection while the brutal pounding of his behind continued. There was something incredibly erotic about not being responsible, not being in control, not needing to make any decisions. It had all been scripted out ahead of time.

Light screamed out, "Master, fuck me!"

And then, suddenly, Light was spilling into Mello's clasped hands and helplessly clenching his internal muscles around Mello's dick.

Mello laughed and continued the pounding unabated. Light was overly sensitive inside, tingling and weird. He almost slumped forward, but Mello slapped his ass and said, "Remember the mousetrap?"

Light was brought back to full alertness. Yes, he remembered reading about that. One of the mafia guys had a mousetrap in his pocket. If Light came at the wrong time or displeased Mello in a minor way, he'd have a mousetrap snapped on his penis. If it were in a major way, such as deviating significantly from the script, he'd be strapped to a rack and whipped. Those were the two types of punishment potentially awaiting him.

Mello kept up the relentless pounding, and Light could feel the sweat running down their bodies. He knew he must look a terrible mess. And then, the over-sensitivity was giving way to pleasure once more, and his penis was inflating, becoming hard and swollen.

Mello noticed immediately, stroking Light's cock with one hand and saying, "Such a horny kitty! He just wants to come again and again. He likes the rape. He wants it so bad."

Then Mello stroked faster, and Light felt his excitement rising to a fever pitch. He was going to come so hard, he could just tell it.

Just before Light reached his peak, he shouted out, "Master!"

And then, he was suddenly clutched in the throes of the hardest climax he'd ever had, an exploding pulse of pure, concentrated pleasure that made his body shake and scream, and somehow the act of getting it up the ass while the whole scene was being filmed for his father and everyone to see made it hot and filthy and oh so incredibly erotic. Light couldn't even see for a moment, and his body felt like it was perhaps going to black out, but it didn't.

Moments later, he was dimly aware of Mello's hands clasped around his waist, holding him up so he could continue to be fucked. His whole body felt like trembling, loose jello, completely limp, but Mello held him and fucked and fucked, and then suddenly came with a triumphant, angry snarl, so incredibly smug, the hot liquid suddenly spilling into Light's insides and he was almost painfully aware of each twitch of Mello's cock.

Light collapsed in the cat bed onto his side. Mello pulled out, and Light looked up, seeing a slender physique that reminded him of L, except not so pale as L had been. Mello was extremely skinny and wiry, yet muscled, just like L. Mello was wearing nothing except his boots. He must have kept them on all during sex, and they still looked glossy and new.

Mello smirked down at Light, a subtle smile of victory. Light could almost see some plan glinting in the depths of Mello's eyes, and once again he was thinking of L, of those mostly-inscrutable eyes that always had mysterious plans of some sort lurking in their depths.

For a moment, Light was shaken. He really was afraid of L, even after all these years, and lately it seemed things to jog those specific memories were everywhere. But then, Light put himself back together. He was Kira, and everything was going exactly as planned. Mello would never know what hit him, and Kira's identity would never be exposed.

Mello was getting back into his clothing, and said to his men, "Clean him up, and get him back to his cell."

Light took off the cat collar and dropped it in the cat bed, watching Mello's slender form walking away. The man swayed slightly when he walked, in a sultry kind of way, and his ass cheeks bunched beautifully with each step inside those tight leather pants.

By a few minutes later, Light had been allowed to clean himself with some wet washcloths and had changed back into the same suit he'd been wearing before. The knees were incredibly scuffed from crawling on the floor. Light couldn't help but frown as he examined them. He'd have to throw this away for sure.

Then the mafia men were putting him back into his cell, and as soon as they had walked out of sight, Sayu flung herself at him in a hug. Light wrapped his arms around his sister and could feel her trembling.

In a sobbing, cracked voice, Sayu said, "I'm so selfish! I'm sorry. It should have been me. If I have any guts at all, I'll... I'll volunteer next time."

Light said, "No. If there is a next time, I'll be the victim again. There is no need to sully both of us, especially when I've already done it once."

Sayu drew back and rubbed at her eyes. They were red-rimmed and swollen, and Light guessed she'd been crying much of the time he'd been gone. Yes, this was great. Sayu would never dare to disrespect him ever again. It was an excellent side benefit of this whole experience.

As Sayu made her way back to her cot and sat down despondently, Light had to fight to keep the smile off his face. Yes, this was working out perfectly in so many ways. It was great. Kira would prevail. Mello was a real idiot.

A/N (Author's Note):

Well, the promised lemon has finally occurred, and Light doesn't suspect anything of Mello's plan. Poor Light!

And, what will the task force say when they get Mello's video?