Great Lakes Airlines...who the fuck had ever heard of them? And three flights...only three flights into the damnable airport...then she had to walk through the cold. Drew didn't even try to take in the terminal, not wanting to face the reality of where she was. And she skipped baggage claim. Everything she needed tucked into her carryon. She didn't really think about needing a coat that wasn't bureaucrat black and styled...or boots or anything of that sort. But Drew was so lost in thought that she nearly missed Cammie standing there waiting for her. In fact, she almost ran into her.

"Whoa." Cammie grabbed Drew around the waist to steady her, then too quickly pulled away. She raised her eyebrows as she took in just what Drew was wearing. "You're going to freeze your ass off." She shook her head and turned toward the door.

"Wait...what..." Drew followed her quickly and squinted as they walked back into the cold. "It's good enough for DC and Manhattan," she protested.

"This isn't DC or Manhattan. It got close to 0 last night." Cammie opened the door to her truck for Drew, scratching at a new chip in the already chipped paint and wondering just where it had come from.

"Cammie..." Drew almost whined. But the truck was warm, and as soon as she settled in, she realized just how much she wanted to pull the brunette into her arms and kiss her. But she didn't. She let an awkward silence fall between them for a moment. "It's...good to see you," she said finally.

"It's good to see you too." Cammie smiled at Drew as she put the truck in gear and pulled away. She reached over and squeezed Drew's hand, which felt like ice. It was all she could do not to wrap both of her hands around it and try to warm her up. Instead, she just turned the heat up even higher. "Be glad I didn't ask you out here in February and that the ranch isn't any further north."

"Right...so...when do we get there?" Drew was settling back, expecting a short drive before she could just pull Cammie into bed.

"It's about an hour and a half northwest of here, assuming the roads stay clear. I hope you've got a book to read or something." There was something adorable about how completely out of place Drew seemed.

Drew did not register the look of surprise mixed with horror that crossed her face. She'd lived in the city her entire life. Her parents were from the city, their parents... There had been no need to visit relatives that lived...in places that weren't cities because there were none. She'd traveled, been to Europe, explored small towns in Italy and France. But they were easy to get to...by train. This...this was something different.

Cammie couldn't stop the quick burst of laughter at Drew's horrified expression. "I told you this wasn't Manhattan." She shook her head and settled into the drive. "Seriously, take a nap or something. I'll let you know when we're getting close." Somehow, she didn't think suggesting that Drew look at the scenery would go over well, particularly as most of the scenery was covered in snow.

"Yeah..." Drew sighed and leaned against the window, feeling the chill against her face. She looked up, over to Cammie and couldn't help but smile to herself. She looked softer her, even more earthy. It was pretty...it was appealing. "I really am glad to be here, Cammie," she said suddenly, reaching out to squeeze her leg.

"Good." They weren't quite out of town yet, but Cammie risked a kiss to Drew's hand before she focused on the road again.