TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c November 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY. DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE



Story: Marital Distrust, Jealousy & Confrontations
Author:  C.D.E.


CAST:

Dan/Daniel-Husband
Deloris-Wife
Mrs. Davidson-Wife's Mother


	It amazes me that there are so many divorces.  If more 
couples would just sort things out there would be no need 
for breaking up happy loving relationships.  It seems 
people who profess to be in love with each other often 
breakup over the most trivial things.  I even heard of a 
couple divorcing because one of them preferred the toilet 
tissue roll to be placed on the bathroom fixture one way 
and the other wanted it to roll the other way.  How silly.
	However, the biggest culprit in breakups seems to be 
one spouse being jealous or distrustful of the other 
spouse, usually husbands distrusting the actions of their 
wives with others.  
But I understand how it can happen.  Especially  if 
both parties are not ready for a heavy commitment as 
marriage.  Marriage is based on give and take.  Many people 
don't realize that there may not be equal giving and taking 
for each spouse.  One spouse may have to accept more 
responsibilities than the other in order to keep the 
marriage rock solid. 
	Take for example the situation between my wife Deloris 
and I.  She trusts me and I her. It's the hallmark of our 
deep love for each other and the cornerstone of our 
marriage. Copyright c November 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved
	I trust her to be the independent free spirit she is.  
Sure, she goes out with other guys, but when she's through 
skylarking, bar hopping, partying, etc. with them, I trust 
her to come home.  She hasn't failed me yet.  On the other 
hand, she trusts me to be there when she comes back.  She 
made me promise her that I'll always be faithful and always 
be there for her. She's promised me that she'll always 
return. Now that's the kind of trust more marriages need.
	We are approaching our eighth anniversary. We have 
four wonderful children. Jackson, age 8 - our mischievous 
redhead son; Julie age 6 - our blond "Barbie doll" 
daughter; Samantha, age 4 - she keeps a beautiful tan year 
round; and Randall, age 2 - our newest family member, who 
so much favors his Italian ancestry.
	Another thing that robs the love out of a marriage is 
confrontation. My wife and I have agreed that we would try 
to avoid confrontation as much as possible with each other. 
We even added that to our wedding vows.  Promising to avoid 
finger pointing and assigning blame, but rather working to 
solve the problem. 
	"Dan darling, I knew for sure I really was in love 
with you when you went down on me the night of the 
Centerville football game.  Remember?"
	We'd been married about two years and was looking at a 
love story on TV, when my wife brought up the topic of when 
she first fell in love with me.  I was just about to 
respond, but she resumed talking before I could speak.
 	"It was the evening you'd picked me up at the school 
after we'd returned on the school bus from Centerville.  
You ate me out so beautifully.  I just knew I was head over 
heels in love with you after you didn't say a thing when I 
revealed that you'd just lapped and sucked up the cum of 
the three guys who I'd made out with before you came to 
pick me up."
	"Er, well Deloris, you know I loved you, but the other 
reason was that I was very inexperienced sexually, uh,  far 
less than you at the time. Remember you told me you were 
all wet and sticky because you were thinking of me?  So I-I 
really didn't know that wasn't the real reason your pussy 
was so juicy, gluey, raw and puffy."  I replied, with a 
slight blush.
	"I did mislead you, but when you told me my kiss was 
very flavorful, I got this sudden urge to have you do me.  
Remember me telling you that if you liked the flavor of my 
kiss, you'd love the taste of my pussy?"
	I nodded to her.
	"Well the truth is, besides getting laid on the bus 
three times - you know, by Ricky, Jack, and George - Coach 
Hudson also talked me into giving him a blowjob before I 
came out to meet you."
	"Y-You mean I-I..."
	"Yes honey, you had a cum flavored kiss, courtesy of 
him." Copyright c November 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved
	"But Deloris, w-why didn't y-you ever do t-those 
things for m-me?  We did have a serious relationship, e-
even though you were dating others."
	"It was because I loved you Dan.  If I didn't love 
you, I would've given you blowjobs or let you put it in 
like the other guys. You would've lost respect for me and 
taken me for granite as an easy piece whenever your dick 
got hard - just like most of the guys did.  No, Dan, I 
wanted it to be special for us.  That's why I wanted you to 
jack off for me and wait on our wedding night for us to 
have intercourse, and not before.
"You were very, very special to me Dan darling and you 
made me feel so good when you ate me out that night. I 
couldn't help but fall in love with you, especially after 
you raved about how delicious my pussy tasted when you 
slurped up all my love goo. You really vacuumed my pussy 
good.  In fact, you were the only guy to really suck my 
pussy.  Sure a couple of guys kissed it before putting 
their meat to me. But you did it upright.  Because of that, 
I decided then and there that only you and I would share 
such a special pleasure. From that night on, I promised 
myself that you would be the only one I let suck my pussy, 
and especially so after I got fucked by other guys.  That's 
why I got your sworn promise before I told you what you 
really tasted."
	"I-I didn't know you were even having sex with guys.  
I just wished you'd let me know t-that's what you were 
doing b-before you got me to promise and swear that I'd do 
that for you anytime you wanted me to."
	"Well if I'd done that, you and I may not have been 
together now. And also, I'd be wearing somebody else's 
name.  No Dan honey, I think telling you later, after 
getting your irrevocable promise, helped us bond our 
relationship and marriage much tighter."
	I couldn't argue with her on that.  But anyway, I did 
grow fond of her used dripping twat, even though I never 
admitted it to her again. Since she wouldn't permit me 
regular sex, it was a way of me being intimate with the 
girl I loved. 
However, after knowing what her love goo really was, 
I'd cringe whenever I'd see or walk pass one the guys whose 
jism I knew I'd eaten out of her luscious snatch.  She has 
held me to this teenage promise all these years.  
Unfortunately, she knew when I made a promise, I stuck to 
it.
	After that incident in our senior high days, a pattern 
was set.  Our relationship pretty much became confrontation 
free and we were able to have a tight, though somewhat non-
conventional loving relationship and eventual marriage.
	It was obvious that the woman I loved needed other 
men.  Men who were better endowed, I might add.  However, I 
gave her something they couldn't.  That was the 
exhilarating feeling she got from me eating her creampies.
	I was still hopeful that Deloris would eventually  
finish sowing her wild oats, so to speak, that is outgrow 
her need for other men and that her love for me would cause 
her to become focused on just me.
	It's still a bit a bit humiliating for me knowing that 
I'm eating her lover's jism, but after all, marriage is 
give and take right?  She takes their cum and gives it to 
me.  I in turn give her a feeling that she says no one else 
can. She says by my doing this for her, I'm putting my love 
in action.  I do love her and need her in my life even if 
this is what she requires of me. I'm almost sure I couldn't 
have won her over otherwise. More about that later.
We have worked this all out over the years so our 
marriage is pretty much confrontation free on this and 
other matters.
The first real test of our anti-confrontation vows came on 
our wedding night after we had blissful sex. 
"Darling, it's better we deal with the problem than 
worry about how or why it happened."  My wife said to me 
after she revealed that she was pregnant by one of her old 
boyfriends.
Even though thoroughly shocked at her revelation, I 
was at a loss for words.  All I could think of was to ask 
if she planned to have the baby. Copyright c November 1999 By C.D.E.  
ALL Rights Reserved 
	"Yes darling, I want to have Jack's baby for us."
	She went on to tell me how pretty his baby would look 
with her looks and Jack's handsome rugged features.
	I asked if she'd intentionally got pregnant.  You see, 
Jack was not one of my favorite people.  He and I just 
didn't get along that well in school. He was always 
taunting me about my manhood and what a wimp and sissy I 
was.  It was bad enough I had feasted on his jism from my 
fiancee's pussy before we became engaged, but now to have 
her carrying his child was even worse.
	"No darling, it was actually his idea.  He had me 
get off the pill.  He thought it would be a great wedding 
gift for us, since he said he didn't have much money for 
anything valuable.  So I thought that was nice of him to 
offer such a thoughtful and really priceless gift for us.  
Our first baby."  My new bride said with dreamy eyes as she 
cuddled up to me as we laid there in the bridal suite.
I was at a loss for words as well as what to do about 
this situation. 
"Darling, I probably should've told you about his gift 
while we were was making it, but he thought it better to be 
a surprise for you." Said my beaming new bride as we talked 
about the "gift" my high school nemesis had given to us.
"Darling, they say confession is good for the soul.  
So now that we're married and promised to be devoted to 
each other, I must let you know that even though I never 
fed you creampies during our engagement - you know to show 
you I was being faithful to you - I obviously wasn't.  I 
was having sex with several guys.  Jack is just the one who 
convinced me to get pregnant. I know it was somewhat wrong 
dating other guys, but I needed their big cocks and I 
needed you.  I know you wanted me to be happy and I needed 
those big cocks to be happy.  I really missed sharing those 
moments I had with the guys with you - that is by letting 
you taste the results of them screwing me - but I didn't 
want to give you any reason not to make me your wife, even 
though I often wanted to feed you my creampies.  Even 
though you say you don't, I really think you like eating 
them."
Deloris sounded so sincere in her confession as I gave 
her an incredulous look. Even though I'd been tricked and 
utterly humiliated, the wonderful look in her eyes and her 
expression of need for me caused my anger to subside - to 
even my own amazement.
We talked on and on into the night.  I will remember 
our wedding night as basically setting the pattern of rules 
of behavior for the remainder of our marriage.
My new bride revealed very candidly that even though 
she truly loved me, she would need to have sex with men who 
had large penises. She said if I truly loved her, I would 
agree to this.
I tried to express myself without being 
confrontational, but I just wasn't having much luck.
"Dan, are you being confrontational?"  My new wife of 
a few hours sternly said with a raised voice as I tried to 
discern how we should or could explore other options, such 
as therapy for her where other guys wouldn't have to be 
involved or have sex with her.
"You are too being confrontational!  And to think, 
just this afternoon, you swore not to be that way in front 
of several dozen people.  You are a sham!  And to think of 
all the trouble I've gone through to make this a happy 
occasion.  I got pregnant from jack for us.  I had to 
secretly slip around behind your back and have sex with 
different guys and pretend I was faithful to you during our 
engagement of 5 months.  Just imagine, five months of not 
having you slurp up their hot jism from my wet cunt.  You 
don't know how much agony I went through not feeling your 
mouth on my creampies. It's just not the same having you 
suck my pussy with no dick cream in it. If I knew you were 
going to act this way, I wouldn't have married you."
I worked to calm my new wife down and could see that 
she was indeed upset at my questioning of her actions. In 
spite of all that'd happened, I was now worried about 
losing my new wife, especially since she mentioned over and 
over the possibility of an annulment and the talk of her 
getting an abortion if that happened, since I wasn't man 
enough to be the daddy of another man's baby.
"I... SOB!...I've got to go... SOB!... somewhere and 
think... SOB!...."  My new bride cried out as she hurriedly 
dressed and ran toward the door sobbing.
	All alone in the large bridal suite, I felt 
lonely without her already.  By the time I threw on pants 
and a shirt and went looking for her, I couldn't find a 
trace of her.  It was then I decided to enlist the aid of 
my best man, and best friend, Julius.  He was staying at 
the same hotel, as were other members of the wedding party.
When I reached his room and was about to knock on the 
door, out stepped he and Deloris.
"Just the person we were coming to see."  He said as I 
stood there with my curled hand raised to knock on his 
door.
"Dan,  I can't believe you're treating Deloris this 
way... and on your wedding night too.  C'mon.  Lets go back 
to your suite and talk about this."
I was not only speechless but dumbfounded at his 
attitude and his words.  He walked with his hands around 
the waist of my new bride and I walked in a daze besides 
them.	
	Julius was a smart guy in school but also a handsome 
jock.  He was intelligent and got along with everybody. I 
couldn't help but envy him for his combined physical and 
intellectual ability.
	As we walked, I discovered the reason he and Deloris 
were coming back to our suite. Julius's girlfriend was 
asleep and he didn't want to awaken her.  Between the heavy 
sex he'd given her and the wine she'd consumed, she was  
out like a light.
	Julius and Deloris seemed rather chummy as he 
comforted her on our short walk back to the bridal suite. 
They never seemed to have much to say to each other before. 
That was strange in a way, since he was just the type 
of guy Deloris seemed to attracted to when she was dating 
me and bringing me her love nest filled with other men's 
sperm. 
	"Dan, I can understand why you may be surprised at 
what Deloris has told you, but not wanting to accept your 
responsibility as a new husband and daddy is beyond belief.  
I thought for sure you were more honorable than that."
	"W-What!" I blurted out in disbelief at what he'd just 
said.
	"Dan, Deloris came to crying her eyes out because you 
are being confrontational after you swore in front of the 
minister and the public that you wouldn't. I can't believe 
that.  Is it true?  Tell your best friend it's not."
	I rambled on trying to give Julius my side of the 
story and to understand what seemed like double talk from 
him.  Deloris added her two cents worth from time to time, 
as we three discussed the whole situation.  It was then 
that I discovered that Julius, while my best friend had 
known what a slut Deloris was before I met her and that he 
indeed had fucked her several times too.  But that didn't 
stop him from trying to mend our current rift.
	"Dan, I know what I'm going to say will bruise your 
ego, but you really don't have what it takes to please a 
fine woman, and an excellent piece of ass, like Deloris 
here."
	I was shocked and wide eyed at my best friend's words.  
Deloris seemed rather pleased at his words and was blushing 
and smiling in delight.
	"You can give her great emotional love, but you lack 
the equipment and skills to give her the real physical love 
she needs.  Your five incher just won't do it.  Sure your 
tongue does a great job, but she needs more than that. You 
know that. She needs a real cock that can drive her the 
distance and fill up her garage.  Plus I know she loves to 
have the bottom of her pussy touched.  Understand?"
	Still speechless at his candor, I could only nod that 
I understood his analogy.
"So it's not her fault you can't give her the manly 
things she needs.  Therefore, since you're only able to 
give part of what your new wife needs, there should be no 
lack of honor on your part of not getting in her way as she 
seeks and gets the other portion of sex you can't provide.  
An honorable husband would support his wife in this 
endeavor just as you did when you were dating.  Yes you 
should not only continue sucking her cum filled pussy as 
you've done before, but not be upset over the fact that she 
was inseminated by another man."
	"Dan, honey, I truly love you.  We were meant for each 
other, but like Julius said, I occasionally need other men 
that can dive deep and swim the distance, unfortunately you 
can't." Deloris added as I had to accept another 
humiliating metaphor being dumped upon me. I sat silent.	
"And Dan, her having another man's baby should not be 
a crisis for confrontation.  It should be a time of joy, 
especially since the other man is not laying claim to the 
child.  It's clear Jack wants the baby he planted in 
Deloris to call you daddy.  You should be ashamed for not 
accepting the gift in the spirit in which it was intended."
Julius was in law school and it showed.  However, as 
he and I and Deloris talked, he did persuade me that I did 
need and love my new wife in spite of her promiscuous 
faults, and that I should've understood that she wasn't 
going to change overnight.  
I let them both know that I had reconsidered my 
position and that I would not be confrontational or seek a 
divorce or annulment. They both seemed pleased at me  
telling them that.
However, they both became enraged when I suggested 
that my new bride should seek therapy for her sexual 
addiction to other men and their heavy duty equipment.  
"After all, size is not a significant issue in a man 
satisfying a woman sexually.  It's just an emotional state 
of mind."  I added.
The look on Deloris's face in response to my statement 
was obviously that of anger.  Julius also had a hostile 
facial expression. 
Easily intimidated, I was instantly cowed when they 
both stood and approached the chair where I sat.
"You don't get it do you Dan?  Therapy ain't gonna 
help you keep this good woman.  This is!"
Julius shouted at me as he pulled out his rather large 
7 inch plus cock.
"Get over here Dee and get my dick hard so I can show 
my friend, and your pipsqueak husband, what kind of therapy 
you need. And don't get up!  If you do, I'm gonna leave my 
fist print on your face!"  Julius yelled as he directed the 
last part of his statement at me.
I sat frozen to my seat.  To say I wasn't scared would 
be a lie.  Julius was quite muscular and capable of 
knocking me out cold without even trying.
My new bride had a smile on her face as I sat and 
timidly watch her grasp and slowly lick Julius's fine 
specimen of manhood. 
She had yet to place her lips on my much smaller 
prick.  Not only did I have to watch her sensuously lap and 
noisily suckle his well formed cock to an erect state, my 
fear of having to watch her get fucked by him in my 
presence was realized as he directed her to the bed and 
into position to receive him.
Again my best man warned me not to move as he placed 
himself between her shapely parted legs and positioned the 
head of his large golf ball size swollen dickhead at the 
entrance of my new bride's pretty pouting pussy lips.
When hard, Julius's dick was well over eight inches 
long and rather thick.  He had to be almost two inches in 
diameter. I had to admit his cock looked impressive even if 
posed to fuck my new wife.
My humiliation was great.  There was absolutely 
nothing I could do except watch the scene unfolding before 
me.
"OH yeeeeesssss!  That feeeels  soooo goood!  
OOOOHHHHH! Yesssss!"  Deloris cried out as Julius began to 
push his truncheon of hard flesh in her beautiful gash.
In no time they were fucking like two animals in heat 
while I was relegated to the sidelines to watch.  In no 
time I had an involuntary erection, which surprised me 
since it usually takes me time to recharge for sex.
"SLURP!... SLAP!... SLURP!... SLAP!... SLURP!... 
SLAP!..."  The persistent, but unique sound of their 
coupled wet genitals meeting and separating seemed to fill 
the room.  My best man and new bride functioned as well 
lubricated machines.  As I watched, I was cuckolded not 
only on my wedding night, but it occurred in my wedding 
bed.
I'd heard of men having staying power, but this blew 
my mind as my friend and best man, fucked my new bride for  
over a half hour straight before giving her his load.  I 
counted four orgasms for her over the half hour.  Each 
seemed louder than the last.  I had to be impressed, 
considering he'd already fucked his girlfriend several 
times earlier that night.
I was also impressed how much of his big tool Deloris 
took in her cunt.  His point was well made.  If she 
delighted in being deep fucked, I was no match and neither 
was therapy a substitute for a big long hard dick for her. 
As they both came tumbling down from their sexual 
peak, and laid tightly together for a few moments before 
stirring, I almost wanted to applaud them for their 
performance.  
I had been totally intimidated, humiliated, humbled, 
and put well in my place by these two.  However, the 
strange thing is that it seemed proper for then to have 
done this to me.  I was truly perplexed at my emotional 
state of mind.  I was mentally exhausted and browbeat from 
their sexual demonstration.
"Understand better now?"  Julius said looking over at 
me as I still sat and looked sheepishly at him as he used 
my formal wedding shirt to wipe the pussy and fuck slime 
from his softer, but still long and sizeable penis.
After dressing, he had me walk with him to the door.  
My new bride laid just where he'd got off her, legs parted 
and her pussy, a slimy mess.
"Dan, she's a good woman. Sure, she's more than you 
can handle, but that's what friends are for.  When I'm 
around I expect to drop in and fuck her, as does many of 
the other guys.  You don't have to worry about her getting 
the dicks she needs."
I again looked at my friend as if he was not from this 
planet. He went on.
 "You're the right man for her.  You're a wimp, 
everybody knows that. You know it too.  But with her you'll 
be a wimp with a beautiful wife.  Without her, you'd be 
just a plain, unnoticeable insignificant wimp.  How many 
girls were attracted to you in school other than Deloris?  
Zero right?  You were attracted to her and she to you.  
Therefore, I think you two were meant to be together."
I let him know I understood where he was coming from, 
but wished it didn't have to be that way.
Reluctantly I shook his outstretched hand to reaffirm 
that our friendship was still intact, in spite of his 
fucking demonstration and threats to me.
After a few more words of advice, he departed to his 
room by saying "You married some good pussy there, and 
should be proud she's carrying your name. She'll make you a 
good wife and will be a good mother too." 
"I saw you shaking hands, does that mean you're still 
friends?"  My wife said as I returned to the bed where she 
was still laying on her back, legs open and one hand 
holding her loose pussy lips closed. 
"Yes, we're still friends, even though I don't think 
it'll be like it was before."  I replied as I sat on the 
side of the bed looking at my new bride's magnificent 
exposed tits, which still had Julius's reddish handprints 
on them.
"It'll be better.  He has helped us negotiate our 
differences and get our marriage off to a good start, don't 
you think?" She said looking over at and reaching her free 
hand toward me.
I knew I was too weak to resist going down the path 
she and Julius had laid out for me.  I held her hand.  I 
knew it sent the signal that I had capitulated in accepting 
her as she was, and that I would be the type husband she 
desired.  That is, one who is a faithful cuckold.	And I 
should add, one that eats her other men's abundant cum from 
her adulterous, wet, used, pussy.  She soon let me know 
that was what she wanted me to do next for her.
"Dan sweetie, give me a kiss."  My wife cooed 
sensuously.
I did.  I needed it.  It was slightly stale and I 
attributed it to her having suckled Julius's big member.  
Nevertheless it was good being close to her again.  I 
didn't feel as lonely as a hour or so before.
 "C'mon give me the feeling that no big dick can.  I 
want your mouth on my pussy.  No, it's your pussy.  I'm 
carrying your name now.  Give your pussy what it needs 
after another man's big dick has used it."
Without saying a word, I positioned myself to lap up 
Julius's spent deposit of semen from my new bride's leaking 
bushy muff.
	This would be the second time that night I'd 
sucked jism from her pussy.  The first time was earlier 
when tying to get her off after my futile effort to do so 
with my much smaller and less robust tool.  I had to resort 
to tongue and lips and in the process consumed my own 
spunk.  For some reason, I suspected that me eating my own 
stuff out of her would not have the same impact as that of 
another man who'd fucked her.
As I lowered my face into her well fucked sloppy slimy 
crotch, the joyful smile on her face led me to believe that 
my suspicion was correct.  Her facial expression could only 
be described as one of ecstasy.
Later, after I had finished my husbandly oral conjugal 
duty, I was hard again and mounted her for a good minute.  
I couldn't hold back a second longer.
Her pussy was quite loose form Julius's much larger 
tool, but I was thankful for the opportunity to once again 
to have the pleasure of normal intercourse and come in her.
After shooting my wad, my prick shriveled. I laid 
there enjoying the closeness with my slut bride and 
suckling on her delectable heavenly tits, even though my 
best friends hand prints were still very evident on the 
flesh I was mouthing. 
I didn't feel slighted when Deloris asked me "Are you 
still in me darling?" For after seeing her in action, I 
felt even less of a man in her eyes and in a strange way, 
beholding to her for her loving me and wanting me as her 
husband.  
 Later, we lay cuddled and drifted off to sleep as 
newlyweds in love. 
She went to sleep before me as she lay in my arms.  I 
looked at the beautiful woman that was now my wife and 
carried my name.  As I too drifted to sleep, I mentally 
thought of what I'd have significant to say about my 
wedding night years later.
I'd have to remember it as when I lost my virginity.  
I'd have to write that my new bride married me pregnant 
with another man's baby in her; another man gave her the 
best fuck of the night, and I sucked out another man's jism 
from her well fucked cunt.


VISITS OF THE FATHERS
	

	By the way, during her pregnancy and after the birth 
of our first child, the real father, Jack came by often, 
even when I was at home.  They were usually at my wife's 
invitation, I might add.  These visits were awkward for me, 
but as my wife said it would, I soon got use to his 
presence as he shared the growing years of "our" son, 
including the pregnancy phase.
I had to resign myself to my new bride having a baby 
from one of the guys I hated the most in senior high.  
However, as they say, time heals wounds. I had to be civil 
to Jack.  I simply had to overcome negative feelings and 
not let them interfere with my marriage.  Eventually, I had 
to accept him as a frequent visitor to our home, to our 
bedroom, and in my wife's pussy.  Our first child, Jackson, 
strongly resembles Jack. Deloris insisted on naming him 
after Jack.
	It did take some getting use to Jack caressing her 
swollen belly and tits right there in front of me as we sat 
watching TV during his visits.  My new wife thought it was 
good to have him watch her progress through her pregnancy.
	I didn't, but I knew she'd accuse me of being 
confrontational if I said anything to the contrary.  
Therefore, I went alone with her desire.
	Usually, before he left from his visits, he and my 
wife would say their good-byes in the master bedroom, while 
I was left to watch TV. After she delivered, I watched 
"our" son while they said goodbye.  Always after their 
good-byes, Deloris would invite me to suck her wet slimy 
oozing muff that "our" son's father had left her with.
	The first time she did this, I was shocked at her 
behavior.  However, since I'd sworn to a confrontation free 
marriage as well as my infamous creampie promise, I did as 
she desired. I put our son to bed and went to our master 
bedroom and did my duty.
	I'm not sure why my lovely wife gets off by having her 
lover's thick jism sucked out of her tasty, but slimy 
heated twat.  She says it thrills her to know it's  sliding 
down my throat and being consumed by me.  Anyway, I go 
along with her wanting me to do so.
	I always get a chance to have normal intercourse with 
her afterwards.  Sometimes she requires me to tongue out my 
own cum and sometimes not.  However, we are a very loving 
couple and we both feel we have a relationship that is very 
strong, stable and built on the highest degree of trust.  A 
trust as I discussed earlier.
	Over the years, Deloris has had other lovers.
	Our other three children are the results of her being 
fucked by my best friend Julius and affairs with other 
lovers.  As with Jack, the father of our first born, I 
share her cunt with Julius - Julie's real father - the 
other two real fathers, and an assortment of other men she 
fucks around with.
	Sometime after "our" first child was born, Deloris let 
me know that she'd only consider getting pregnant from a 
man who could get to the bottom of her cunt and directly 
inject his sperm into her cervix on contact.  I knew this 
was a clear message to me that I would not be fathering any 
of the children in our marriage. 
	I said nothing when she revealed her impregnation 
policy to me. She knew, I was too weak willed and 
intimidated by her and the fathers of our children to 
complain, or confront her, or them for that matter.  She 
and they knew, I knew my place.
In fact it was my best friend Julius who told me he'd 
beat me up if I didn't be a good daddy to his daughter,  
who is Julie.  He encouraged the other fathers to give me 
the same message. They are all well built and hunks in 
their own right.  I of course took their warnings 
seriously.
As you can imagine, with her lovers and all these real 
fathers visiting from time to time, I'm kept rather busy 
babysitting as well as tonguing my wife's wet messy pussy 
after her men leave.  The real fathers or her other lovers 
also take her out on dates or away for the weekend.  One 
time she went on a week long cruise.  She came back 
impregnated with our fourth child.
	My wife has told me it's condom time again for me.  I 
guess that means she's planning on letting one of her 
lovers inseminate her again.
	I overheard she and Sam talking the last time he was 
here.  He's the father of our daughter Samantha. By the 
way, he's black. He said something about wanting her to 
have a son for us, from him.	
It's hard for some guys to keep their wives happy for 
a sustained period of time, but I believe, with the help 
I'm getting, I'm doing a pretty good job. Sure, others 
might say I'm paying a steep price, but I look at it as an 
investment in a stable long term relationship and marriage.  
How many of either of those have you seen lately?  
	Additionally, it's not always easy being in a marriage 
with the responsibilities and pressures I have, in trying 
to be a good husband and daddy.  However, my wife and the 
real fathers of our children say I'm doing a great job.
	Occasionally, I grit my teeth when things get hectic 
as I remember how I got into this all this and how things 
could've been different.  Yet I remember my vows as a new 
husband and the advice my best Friend Julius gave me, on my 
wedding night after fucking my bride in front of me.
	When Jack and Julius and the other real fathers of our 
children come by, the kids know them as "play uncles".  The 
real fathers all seem to exhibit this smirking smile when 
they refer to me as the daddy of their biological 
offsprings.
	My wife also exhibits a similar smile when they say 
that too.
	I do love my wife deeply, and sure, it was upsetting 
to find out that my new bride had been knocked up by 
someone else and that I'd never even gotten the chance to 
put it in her prior to our wedding night.  However, from 
what you've read already, my unassuming nature and mild-
mannered personality was probably a factor in my accepting 
the situation. Copyright c November 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

MY MOTHER-IN-LAW
	Deloris's mother is also to be given some credit too.  
It was her who first told me that sucking her daughter's 
pussy was the best way to get next to her and woo her away 
from her other high school dates, who were far more 
handsome than me.
	I tutored Deloris in algebra. That's how I came to get 
close to one of the most popular girls in senior high.  
That gave me an excuse to go over to her house from time to 
time.  One evening when I came by and Deloris was not home, 
her mother and I had a chance to talk.
	She made me blush when she told me she knew I had a 
crush on her daughter.
	"Yes Daniel, I know you really like my daughter, but I 
know you don't have the looks or equipment to get or keep 
her attention."
	With a more than beet red face, I looked at her 
strangely, embarrassed and puzzled at how she could tell I 
had a small cock.
	"I bet you want to know how I know?"
	In response, I shook my head sheepishly.
	"By your basket.  Your crotch.  There's no sizeable 
bulge.  It's easy to tell you're not hung like the other 
fellows that take her out. To help me improve my wooing 
odds, her mother, Mrs. Davidson, started teaching me how to 
perform Cunnilingus, or the art of sucking pussy.
	She also swore me to secrecy for teaching me to do 
this.  Therefore I never revealed any of this to my wife 
Deloris or anyone else before.  Please don't tell anyone 
either.
	Well anyway, it was exciting to go down on Mrs. 
Davidson.  I couldn't help but get an erection during these 
secret sessions we had, as I let my lips, tongue and mouth 
explore her womanly exotic bushy snatch.  
	"Go ahead and jack off Daniel, it's not good to leave 
with your little thing aching so."  She said the first time 
she noticed I was sporting a hard-on after my first lesson 
in pussy eating.
	She encouraged, actually more like demanded, I jerk 
off while I knelt before her.
	This became the routine for us at these pussy sucking 
lessons she taught me.  Many times it seemed that my 
masturbating got her excited too, as she would pull my face 
back to her "hairpie" for another sucking session as I was 
jacking off.
	I found that rather pleasant also.
It was so exciting to suckle and mouth her inner pink 
pussy flesh.  It gave me such a thrill to have her hold my 
head so tightly to her heaving gyrating crotch as she got 
off on my face.  The feeling of having my head held in a 
thigh lock, with her shapely legs crossed behind my back 
was rather nice too.
	She also taught me breathing techniques and several 
different positions when sucking pussy.
	Mrs. Davidson, also introduced me to the concept of a 
creamy hairpie.  However, I didn't know what it was at the 
time.  Mrs. Davidson also called the gloppy milky goo as 
love secretions from her pussy.  The first time she had me 
eat it from her, her reddish pink gapping cunt lips was 
oozing the thick slimy stuff from her warm wet gaping pussy 
lips. Copyright c November 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved
	It had a peculiar taste I wasn't accustomed too, but 
through Mrs. Davidson's guidance I became accustomed and 
fond of the slimy tasting love secretions.
	"Now Daniel, my love secretions are because of my love 
for my husband, but when Deloris gives you her love 
secretion, you'll know it's true love between you two." 
Mrs. Davidson's said to me.
	I asked her if her husband ate her goo too.
	"No, he doesn't Daniel.  You see, real men... er, what 
I mean is that men who have sturdy equipment just see the 
goo as us women being in heat and ready for a good fuck. 
They then just take their manly equipment out and fuck us.  
The goo is just a good lubricant to them.   But with you 
it's a little different.  To you it becomes an ambrosia of 
love.  You have to approach the situation a little 
differently.  You have to stick your tongue in where a, uh, 
well, a real man would otherwise push his dick in."
	Mrs. Davidson told me not to become shamed over the 
label of her not referring to me as a "real man".  
	"I don't mean to hurt you with words Daniel.  That's 
definitely not my intent.  You should not let it bother you 
for someone to say you're not a real man. We both know the 
situation.  You want my daughter to be yours.  There is 
heavy competition out there. You have to win her over. We 
both know what you have to do to get there.  Don't we?"
	Processing all she said, I sheepishly nodded my head 
and accepted the fact that I was competing with "real men" 
and may have to do things real men wouldn't do in order to 
be successful.
	I had already been sucking her daughter's cunt for a 
while, before the Centerville game night when Deloris gave 
me what I thought was her love secretions - that is  due to 
her love for me.  When I did taste Deloris's love goo that 
night,  I was so elated and excited.  I ate Deloris's 
reddish pink, gaping, gamy, slimy cunt out ravenously.  It 
was a wonderful moonlight night as I brought her to several 
orgasms until her pussy was too sensitive for even my 
tongue to touch.  I was so proud of my accomplishment.
	Later when Deloris informed me what her love goo 
really was, I was speechless because I knew that her mom 
had also fooled me too.  I had eaten Deloris's father's 
semen from her mom, and now had just eaten the spent sperm 
of three guys that'd fucked her daughter within the last 
few hours.
I confronted Deloris's mother at our next secret 
meeting. Copyright c November 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved
	She knew I was upset at being taken advantage of 
because of my sexual ignorance.
	"Daniel dear, I didn't really lie to you.  I just 
didn't tell you that the goo was not all mine.  Yes, a good 
part of it was my husband's secretions, that is from his 
balls.  But Daniel, don't get upset, I knew you'd 
eventually find out what was going on.  I had to introduce 
you to eating a creampie made by another man, because for 
some men to hold onto the woman they love, this will become 
a necessary part of their love making to keep that woman in 
their lives.  Do you understand now why I had to introduce 
you to, and help you get acclimated to the taste of used, 
well fucked  pussy?"
	Mrs. Davidson's tone was sincere and even motherly, as 
she talked to me.  Even though I'd been tricked, she'd 
convinced me it was for a good cause.  I knew she was 
correct, and that there was really no need to be angry with 
her. 
	"I believe you'd make a great husband for Deloris and 
be a stabilizing influence on her.  My husband and I both 
like you too.  Otherwise, do you think I'd be wasting my 
time doing all I've done for you?" Copyright c November 1999 By 
C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved
	In the end, I not only apologized to Mrs. Davidson, 
but thanked her for her faith in me and for all she'd done.
	"You're welcomed Daniel.  You just be faithful to 
Deloris, stay non-confrontational - which shouldn't be hard 
for you - and of course, not break your promise to her, 
that is of sucking her creamy pussy when ever she needs it.  
You two will be the tightest of lovers."
	I asked Mrs. Davidson if it was okay for me to try and 
get her daughter Deloris to have regular intercourse with 
me, like she was doing with many other guys at school.
	"Daniel, you may run the risk of losing her if you do.  
You have to show and continue proving to her that you are 
special for her.  You have to let her know you're different 
from the other guys she dates.  Sure she'll put out for 
them cause they`re handsome jocks and that they'll hound 
the hell out of her for some.  She'll also need the feel 
and action of their large robust cocks and a good long 
lasting fuck that such men can give a girl.  However, you 
on the other hand, have to play a different tune. You'll 
sing to her pussy with your mouth.  No Daniel, don't try to 
be like the other guys that fuck her.  Your best role is to 
be the guy that sucks her. My advice is for you to be 
content to do as she's letting you do now.  Eat her out 
when she brings her cum filled cunt to you, and it's best 
if you continue jacking off for your relief. Tell her you 
do that and that you're staying faithful to her.  Don't 
worry, she'll let you know when she's ready for you to put 
it in."
	As usual, Mrs. Davidson still had me eat her out as 
well as jack off for her at that session too.  She and I 
continued to have our clandestine meetings over the years. 
She has helped me with other situations in our marriage.  
Her advice has been invaluable in helping Deloris and I 
keep our solid marriage on track and non-confrontational. 
Copyright c November 1999 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved
	Her guiding theme over the years has been that I 
should understand that I'm the real husband in the marriage 
if not the true real man in her, their family, or my wife's 
eyes.
"Daniel, you may not be the real father of any of the 
children your wife has had, but you should be pleased that 
they have your last name, legally yours and that they call 
you daddy.  Even though your wife puts out for many men and 
bring her cunt full of the experience back for you to 
taste, or to raise as one of your kids, she still respects 
you as her real husband.  That is very special and you 
should be proud of being her loving husband, and her as 
your loving wife.  She always returns to you, no matter how 
frequent or how long she stays away with her bigger dick 
handsome lovers. You therefore should respect her highly as 
your wife, and hold her in high esteem for her good 
qualities, no matter that others may perceive her as a slut 
and you as a cuckold."
	I value my mother-in-law's wisdom and eloquence.

				###END###

Send comments or future story ideas to CDE at 
ccwriter@hotmail.com
	 
	
	  
	
	
	
	
	
	 
