My fiance's a "closet exhbitionist" & can do it "hands free"
EZ2bMeMy 
Wed Apr 9, 2008 15:3469. 114. 100. 56

I will refer to my fiance as "Jenn. "

In general Jenn is a conflicted person when it comes to exhibitionism, and its 
taken me a long time to figure some of her "issues" out, so to speak. Her 
exhibitionist tendencies started when she was young (mid teens) although she 
didn't know or understand anything about what she was doing during those 
earlier years. She is now 25. 

Over the years (we've been together for 6) I've learned a few new terms, such 
as ENF, CMNF, etc. I've also learned that my original belief that only men 
with trench coats could be exhibitionists was wrong. Anyway, Jenn falls into 
some crossover catagory of exhibitionism/ENF. The reason I say that is because 
she likes to be seen in various stages of undress, but she is always 
embarrassed by being seen. And while her embarrassment is a given, it doesn't 
usually stop her from showing herself. In fact, it seems the more embarrassing 
the situation, the more turned on she gets. It took me a long time to realize 
that she gets horny by being "sexually embarrassed. "

Jenn also has an independent ability that was only discovered due to her 
exhibitionist tendencies. She can reach orgasm w/o any physical stimulation. 
She calls these "mental orgasms. " Basically, if the proper mental stimulus is 
there, she can "think her way" to an orgasm. While this might be a fun thing 
to be able to do, it can also be problematic. Sometimes during her 
exhibitionist events she gets so worked up from exposure and embarrassment 
that she reaches an orgasm, willingly or not. That's a more rare event, but 
she has had an orgasm while getting caught up in the moment w/o even trying 
(or wanting to). 

I will post an example of one of Jenn's exhibitionist events next. 


1st Example:

One of Jenn's favorite places to show off is at the beach. For a couple of 
years we would sometimes go to a clothing optional beach so Jenn could go 
topless. This beach was very close to a regular beach which was always very 
croweded. Throughout the day dressed beach goers would walk to the clothing 
optional area to gawk the naked people. 

Jenn would always choose a spot right on the edge of the clothing optional 
area, as this is where you would find the most dressed bathers walking around. 
Sometime people wearing suits would place their stuff right on the edge of the 
nude beach so they could see the action. Jenn originally chose this section 
because she didn't feel comfortable going completely nude. She figured sitting 
on the edge would provide the best of both worlds. The ability to go topless, 
but the comfort of not feeling the pressure to go totally nude. 

Jenn was always horny while going topless. The location she picked eventually 
lead to the realization that she enjoyed being seen by the dressed guys who 
would sit nearby or walk over to gawk. That how I knew that Jenn wasn't a 
"nudist" but rather an exhibitionist. A nudist doesn't enjoy being gawked by a 
dressed person, but Jenn did. 

Whenever dressed guys approached her she'd get nervous and feel the need to 
cover her breasts. Over time, she'd still feel the impulse to cover up, but 
she'd force herself not to. Throughout the day I would get constant questions 
like, "Do you think those guys were looking?" Or, "OMG! Are they walking right 
over HERE to sit down?"

Sex would be great on a night after Jenn went topless. Her appetite would be 
through the roof if there were a lot of gawkers watching her on a particular day. 

While at the beach our conversations often touched on the idea that a guy she 
knows might one day walk by. After all, this was a very popular beach (both 
the nude and non-nude parts) and we lived fairly close by. The thought of 
being seen topless by a guy she knows (co-workers, ex-classmates, neighbors, 
etc) scared the heck out of her. She would always say that she'd die of 
embarrassment, etc. However, I always suspected that even though she was 
telling the truth about how embarrassed she'd be, she would also enjoy it. 

One time while at the beach I was laying on the blanket and Jenn decided to 
dip her feet in the ocean. We were sitting about 40 yards from the water, and 
it was normal for one of us to take a dip w/o the other from time to time. 
When Jenn would do this, she would often linger near the water's edge when 
there were guys or groups of guys walking by. She would challenge herself to 
stand fast while they walked right next to her to ogle her body while she 
stood alone wearing only a thong. I in turn would watch from the blanket to 
make sure she was safe. 

I should probably describe Jenn's appearence. She is 25, with medium brown 
hair, standing only 5'2" tall, weighs about 105Lbs, has 34B breasts with 
extremely sensitive nipples that often give away her horny state, a flat tummy 
and muscular legs from 3 or more weekly sessions at the gym, and an olive 
complextion from her hispanic and italian heritage. She is quite pretty and 
has a very youthful appearance. Due to her height, trim body, and baby face, 
she is often mistaken to be in her teens. Getting into bars and clubs can 
sometimes be a problem, as the boucners often suspect she is using a fake ID. 

Back to the beach. . . So on this occassion she lingered by the water as 4 guys 
walked closer and closer. I knew that she was challenging herself again, as 
she always becomes very self conscience and embarrassed by her state of 
undress, especially when alone. She was wearing one of her typical thongs 
(usually from Malibu Strings or Wicked Weasel) and nothing else. I saw her 
glance my way several times for reassurance and to make sure I was on the 
lookout for her safety. Normally the guys would pass by really close as they 
openly stare at her body, while Jenn would look down because she could never 
make eye contact in her overly embarrassed, and often horny state. Then the 
guys would usually pass by and look at her butt over their shoulders, but Jenn 
would have to ask me later if they looked because she could never bring 
herself to check. 

I always liked it when Jenn decided to get brave and challenge herself on the 
water's edge, because it almost always led to great rewards for me later that 
day. The pent up sexual energy that Jenn would store up from a good day of 
exposing herself at the beach was amazing for me to experience later. 

So as Jenn stood there in her usual position of looking down and playing in 
the sand with her toes, I watched to see how much the guys checked her out. 
They walked right next to her and suddenly one of them stopped, prompting the 
others to do so. The one who stopped was saying something to Jenn, and I sat 
up, becoming more alert. Though it was fairly rare for a guy to try and talk 
to her (surprisingly), it did happen from time to time. It was usually quick, 
with the guy asking silly questions like, "Do you have the time?" It was 
always a way for the guy to get a nice close look at Jenn's near naked body. 
These moments made Jenn very embarrassed, but after they left she would become incredibly horny. 

However, this time was different. The guys stayed for about 30 seconds, with 
the one guy talking to Jenn. They were all openly staring at her, and when the 
guy first started talking to her Jenn's hands kept moving from covering up her 
breasts to resting back at her sides. She was obviously very nervous from my 
point of view, and I wondered what was going on and if I should intervene. But 
just when I was about to walk over, Jenn abrubtly turned away from the group 
and started walking to our blanket. As she did the guys were staring at her 
and quietly talking and laughing amongst each other. When she was about 
halfway to the blanket, they moved on. 

When she got to me she was already stuttering, "OMG! OMG!"

I asked her what the heck happened. As I watched her nervous banter I noticed 
how flushed her face was, and that her nipples looked like they could cut 
glass. I new that she was incredibly mordified and horny. 

"That was Chuck!" She was sort of whispering and shrieking at the same time. 
"I went to school with him last year! He was in my business class! OMG!. . . "

She started to recount the event. Telling me she was waiting for them to walk 
up to her, but not realizing that she knew one of them. Then Chuck stopped and 
said something like "Hey, don't I know you?" and then started talking to her, 
quickly realizing that they went to college together. Jenn was describing how 
he was openly gawking at her breasts, and she was so embarrassed that she 
unconsciencely kept covering up. At the same time she'd realize what she was 
doing and decided that made her look worse, so she'd drop her hands. In the 
process, she noticed her nipples were very erect, which caused her more 
embarrassment. She was saying she felt so exposed and vulnerable as he spoke 
to her while his friends just stared at her. She finally mumbled some excuse 
and broke away from them. As she walked back to the blanket she was aware that 
they were probably staring at her thong covered butt (which I confirmed). 

As she was telling me what happened she was getting more and more worked up. 
She started breathing heavy, and kept saying things like, "OMG I can't believe 
that just happened! I can't believe he just saw me topless. Almost naked! 
OMG. . . "

In less than two minutes Jenn was in the throws of an almost silent orgasm. 
She was laying on her back on the blanket, and the last things she was saying 
was stuff like, "OMG. . . " She then covered her mouth and face with both her 
hands as I saw her belly twitch and convulse, mixed with her holding her 
breath and little "Oh's" escaping her hands. Her legs pushed together at the 
knees and flailed out down to her feet. She came so hard that her thong was 
soaked when she was done, to the point that she had to go in the water to 
cover the wetness. 

She never once touched herself, nor did I touch her. She simply got so worked 
up at her exposure and vulnerability by being seen topless and in a thong by 
her ex-classmate that she had an orgasm. Luckily no one was sitting near us, 
so no one knew but me. Normally being gawked by 4 guys while they try to talk 
to her while topless would result in her becoming very horny. But the fact 
that one of the guys knew her sent her over the edge into a "mental orgasm. "

That would be an example. Is this the right forum for me to be discussing this 
stuff. . . ?

EZ 
 