"Ahhh, hells and dragon's bells!" groaned Sorcerer Arthir. He took a long sip of wine, then shifted his position on the couch, easing himself into a more comfortable seat.
The young woman kneeling between his legs moved to accommodate him, shifting to keep his cock buried between her breasts.
"Are you not ready for me yet?" asked Heldraa from the bed.
Arthir grinned at her. The nameless wench he'd requested from the brothel's madam was nothing more than an appetizer, and both he and Heldraa knew it. The main course was Heldraa's glorious nude form. Arthir was enamored of her. He found the intricate tattoos on her body, depicting wild beasts, many from the water like sharks and eels, but most especially dragons, to be fascinating.
"I'm not sure I will ever be ready. I still cannot believe my luck to find a Dragon Clan veteran working in a place like this," said Arthir.
Heldraa shrugged, turning on the bed to roll up onto one arm, staring at the Sorcerer.
"No more than I am surprised to find a Sorcerer frequenting a brothel," she said. "We were told that your kind were beyond the pleasure of flesh, because of how long you live."
"Well, you were told wrong," said Arthir. He reached forward and tapped the young woman pumping her chest up and down his cock. Soft enough, he supposed, but not what he was looking for. With one hand, he gathered a hank of her hair, and with the other he fed his cock down her throat. To his surprise, the young woman found it easy enough, letting him press in to the hilt in her mouth. Heldraa watched with interest from the bed.
"All we do is have sex," said Arthir. "Half the rituals in the Guild of Sorcerers involve fucking in some measure or the other. I think it's something about the length of our lives, actually. There's something thrilling about it, something that makes you feel alive."
"It is much the same in the Clans," said Heldraa. "If we are not fighting, we are fucking. You cannot live for tomorrow if you do not appreciate today."
"An excellent sentiment," said Arthir. The young woman sucking his cock knew just how to apply her suction, and he could feel himself growing suitably harder. He pulled her up, spit running down her chin, then grinned at Heldraa, holding his erect cock in his hand. The Dragon Clan warrior smiled.
"Your Clan, the Sea Clan, you won, didn't you, though?" asked Arthir.
"Aye, as much as it could be called winning," said Heldraa. "Half of them are farmers, now, and the rest are Princess Fione's personal army under Aren. They are as good as thralls."
"But not you, working in a brothel?"
"Fucking or fighting, I would do either for free," said Heldraa. "I am happy to get paid for the work."
"Some people, hearing that, might decide that they might not pay you."
"Some people might lose a finger or a hand if they did not pay me."
"Well, I won't make that mistake," said Arthir. He nodded at the young woman who'd been of service getting him hard, then pulled a gold coin from the air and handed it to her.
"Off you go," he said. She thanked him, shooting a fearful glance at Heldraa, then another at him, before beating a hasty retreat. He doubted she had had much experience with either Sorcerers or barbarians.
"Finally, you're ready," said Heldraa. She sat up at the edge of the bed, her jewelry jangling as she did.
Not for the first time, Arthir was stuck by her appearance. She was beyond foreign to him, in so many ways. She was nearly as tall as he was, the sides of her head shaved, but the remainder of her hair long enough that the narrow, tightly bound braid tumbled down her back and curled like a snake on the bed beside her. The Dragon Clans were fearsome warriors, or had been, until they had been defeated for good in the last war. Their leader, Aren, had pledged them to the service of the Princess of Tia Joi. Part of the conditions of their survival had been that the dragon jade jewelry they favored, which kept them safe from the use of magic, had to be turned over to the Guild of Sorcerers of Tia Vashil.
Heldraa had replaced her jade with gold. A belt of small circular plates was fastened at her hips, hanging down and drawing attention to her pussy and the piercings through her clitoral hood. She had over a dozen piercings in her ears, one hoop in her right nostril, and one in the center of her lower lip. Each nipple was pierced with a gold loop, and they were connected by chains to a choker around her neck. Golden bands hammered into the rough shape of dragons clung to her thighs and upper arms, and she had bracelets and anklets of similar design.
She had pert breasts and firm round buttocks, but Arthir would not have cared if she'd been any different. Her looks were a bonus, he was here for the novelty of the experience. A Sorcerer and a Dragon Clan warrior, mortal enemies, fucking in a brothel in Tia Vashil. He thanked Vash the Sky Dragon that he'd been alive to experience it.
"Come here, Sorcerer," she said, crooking a finger.
Arthir stood and approached her. When he was within striking distance, Heldraa reached forward, grabbing hold of his cock, holding it upright. She bent forward, her tongue out, tasting the head of his cock, twirling her tongue around it. He groaned, then groaned even louder as she looked up at him before pushing farther down the length of his cock.
Heldraa gave his cock a series of slow pumps, letting her lips travel up and down his shaft from base to tip several times before she pulled away.
"Is that what you came for, Sorcerer? To be able to say you had your cock in the mouth of a warrior of the Dragon Clan? To say you'd used her for your pleasure, forced her to submit to you?"
"Among other things," said Arthir.
"I have not submitted yet," said Heldraa.
She lifted her legs up onto the bed, her thigh bearing the image of hunter whales tearing apart a seal. Arthir touched the tattoo, fascinated by it.
"Do you like it?" asked Heldraa.
"I do," said Arthir. "It is rare artistry. Most of the Dragon Clan warriors I have seen have had simple designs, or crude ones. This is quite fine."
"The Sea Clan had the finest skincarvers among our people. And the man who carved that was finest of them," said Heldraa. She stretched out on the bed, reclining so Arthir could observe her entire nude form unimpeded.
"I believe it," said Arthir.
"You have achieved another great accomplishment, Sorcerer," said Heldraa.
"What's that?"
"Normally, if a man were to touch my skin without my permission, I would cut his hand off," said Heldraa.
"But not me?"
"I may yet," said Heldraa. "But you can put those hands to use and keep them, if you wish."
"Show me how," said Arthir.
Heldraa shifted on the bed, making room for him, and he followed her onto the bed on his knees. Heldraa ran her hands along his torso, forcing him down to the mattress, so that he lay in the opposite direction as she did. Without another word, she reached out and took his cock again, her head plunging forward, making Arthir groan.
He'd noticed, from the moment he'd met her, that her tongue had a stud in it, and he was not surprised to find she was talented with it, using the pebbled texture to stroke around the soft skin of his shaft, the even more sensitive skin of his cock head, and finally to tease the strip that connected them to each other.
"By Vash, that's quite good," he said.
Almost the moment he opened his mouth, Heldraa's leg lifted and she rolled, pinning his head between her thighs, shifting Arthir so that he was on his back. The heady aroma of her cunt flooded his nostrils, and his hands ran up her legs to clench her buttocks, pulling her down, tasting her on his tongue as he pressed it against her lower lips. Heldraa moaned around his cock, and Arthir eagerly devoured her pussy, her jewels shaking like chimes as she began to grind her clit against his chin, all the while bobbing her head up and down his cock, over and over, almost desperate to bring him to climax.
Arthir sighed, losing himself in the exquisite moment. He had lived over a hundred years, though many would doubt that he had made it yet to thirty-five to look at him, kept young by the magic he wielded. And yet, never in all those years, would he have expected to have a Dragon Clan warrior in bed with him, worshiping his cock, moaning around it as he probed her pussy with his tongue.
He was sure that he had not done his best in this department, though he had had plenty of practice. All the same, his half-hearted attentions seemed to work for Heldraa (or perhaps she was just an excellent actor in her position) for he soon felt her gasping and moaning, her body trembling slightly above him.
He rolled over her, his cock slipping out of her mouth, though she kept one hand wrapped tightly around his shaft, as Arthir turned his attentions to her clit with a gusto.
Heldraa moaned, and he could feel the hand gripping his cock tighten its grasp, squeezing him hard. Heldraa seemed to remember herself as she did, for she began to stroke him, even as she worked her way through her climax, pumping his cock up and down, then turning her head to lick the tip of it with her tongue.
Arthir smirked to himself, simply flattening his tongue and increasing the pressure on her clit a slight amount. He felt her shake under him in response, and finally a hand pushed him away.
"You are...talented...Sorcerer," she said, staring up at him as he sat up on the bed.
She kept a hand on his cock, though her pace while stroking him had become far less frenetic, so that she was practically petting his length. He smiled to see her body flush, the afterglow of her pleasure apparent.
"I have had a long time to practice. I know the Clans spend a great deal of time in depravity, but it is nothing compared to the lifetimes we Sorcerers can fill."
"Our skalds have gotten it all wrong, then," murmured the woman lying in bed with him. "You are not so evil, perhaps."
She glanced at his cock, observing how her hand rang along its length.
"Is time why you have such discipline?" she asked.
"No doubt that's part of it," said Arthir. He reached over and pulled her hand away, then lay down next to her, his cock pressing up against her thigh. "Part of it, also, might simply be boredom, as you suggested before."
"Boredom with me?"
"No, you are new and exciting. That's why I came to this brothel in the first place. But I have become slightly inured to the things that once suited me well in my younger days."
Heldraa turned and kissed him, and Arthir smiled. He pressed up against her, turning her body around so that his cock buried between the cleft of her buttocks. One hand stroked across her breast, then pulled softly on one of the thin chain, her nipple lifting up as it was pulled by the piercing in it. Heldraa gasped into his mouth as he did it, and he ran a finger across the underside of her breast.
His other hand reached down between her legs, two fingertips stroking across the surface of her pussy, made damp by her orgasm. Heldraa shuddered as he reached the end, his fingers touch the bottom of his own cock, pressing the hard shaft against her. He tucked his whole length between her legs, using his cock to stroke in the same way his fingers had, the piercings in Heldraa's clit sliding along his length much like her tongue stud had.
"Are you only a tease, Sorcerer?" moaned Heldraa.
"No," said Arthir. He shifted his position as he stroked his cock back, so that on the next movement, he plunged deep inside her.
"Yes!" she moaned. "Oh, take me, Sorcerer. Use me like I would use a thrall."
Arthir did not quite know what this meant, but he understood the gist. He wrapped one arm tight around her chest, his thumb and forefinger capturing her nipple, squeezing her against his own pectorals and the crook of his arm. His other hand fell to work between her legs, rubbing circles around her clit.
Heldraa bucked her hips back against his, fucking him hard, a steady, insistent pulsing motion that seemed to be maintaining her own pleasure for she moaned and hissed with each stroke.
"Harder!" she screamed. Arthir increased his pace, but that did not seem to be enough for Heldraa, for she dug her nails into the side of his buttocks, enough to make him grunt.
"Harder, Sorcerer!"
Arthir said nothing, only grunted. He rolled her onto her stomach, maintaining his cock's place in her pussy, thudding out his thrusts so that Heldraa was driven into the mattress, springing back in turn.
"Harder!" she gasped. The nails—the claws—in his side cut into him again.
"Fuck," Arthir hissed. He grabbed her wrists, forcing them up behind her back so that she could no longer scratch him. With all his might, he began to piston in and out of her, reveling in the tight firm grip of her pussy around his shaft, in the way she turned her head to stare at him as his grunting exertions drew her attention. He could feel her using what little purchase she had in this position to pump back up against him.
"Yes...yes...just like that! Just like tha—"
Heldraa cut off, her body trembling again, though this time it was much more pronounced, and he could see her squeezing her eyes tightly together, forcing herself through the pleasure of it. Her cunt clung to him, squeezing hard and he gasped at the feeling, shaking himself.
"Yes," moaned Heldraa. "Yes, I can feel you."
She fought him off her, sliding forward so his cock burst into the open air, an easy task as her pussy had nearly forced him out of her. He groaned, but Heldraa turned over, her hands gripping his shaft, so that he was left straddling her groin. She pumped him hard, and when he gasped out a warning, she reached a hand to his balls and pulled them tight.
Arthir shook, his groan a guttural, beastly voice to his lust as he came, his seed splattering across Heldraa's stomach, each streak a fat white line on her skin. She kept stroking him until it was barely a trickle that fell into the hair between her legs, then she pulled him up her body and sucked the head until he was too sensitive to continue.
Arthir collapsed on the bed beside her. Heldraa found some section of blanket, wiping his cum from her body. He was sad to see it go, though he found that watching her remove it was quite enticing, all the same.
"Was it everything you dreamt of, Sorcerer?" asked Heldraa, watching him watch her.
"Close enough. Was it as horrible as you suspected?"
"Close enough," she said.
"Really?"
"No, of course not."
"Are you just saying that?"
"I do work in a brothel," said Heldraa. She curled up in the crook of his arm, then stroked a couple of fingers along his stomach, watching him flinch as she drew down to his groin.
"You're the Sorcerer," she said. "You tell me if I'm lying or not."
"If only magic worked that way," said Arthir. "Besides, how do I know you're not keeping some sort of dragon jade on your person?"
"You've just fucked me—if there's jade on me, where would I have hidden it from you?"
"An excellent point."
Arthir sat up. He found his robes on the couch and put them on, pulling his boots on and fastening his belt up. Last of all, he lowered the heavy chain of office marking him as a full member of the Guild over his shoulders. When he looked back at the bed, Heldraa was lying on her stomach with her shoulders hanging off it, resting her chin on her hands, one leg kicked up and idly swinging back and forth.
"You'll come visit me again?" she asked.
"Would you like that?" he asked. "I thought you said it was horrible."
"Perhaps I find the idea of fucking a Sorcerer as diverting as a Sorcerer finds the idea of fucking a Dragon Clan warrior."
"I know you intend it as a joke, but I would not be surprised if there was some truth to that," said Arthir.
Heldraa said nothing, only stared up at him, waiting for an answer.
"As soon as I can justify it," said Arthir.
"You're a Sorcerer, no one would question you," said Heldraa.
"So it will be very soon," he said. He bent down by Heldraa's head, and to his surprise, she kissed him goodbye.
He paid the madam Heldraa's fee, and then a little extra. The bells chimed out the midday market and he smiled. Still plenty of time to reach his appointment. He'd take a stroll in the market, he thought.
This was his preferred post-brothel routine, of course, almost always timed as such, before he had to return to his duty managing missives from the Guild's spies under the watchful eye of Master Garen, the Guild Spymaster.
"Master Arthir, how are you this fine day?" asked the fruit vendor as he stopped to review her wares. He'd never learned her name, it occurred to him, though of course she'd made a point of learning his name when he'd first started coming to the brothel. A woman in her middle age, all broad toothy smiles and hearty laughs.
"Very well," he said. He looked over her wares, mostly apples.
"Where are these from, then?" he asked.
"Lord Cail's orchards," she said.
"Do you have any cider?"
"Oh, Master Sorcerer, I would sell you some if I could, but Lord Cail gives it only to a few."
"A shame. How do you find the vai Kellers as masters?" asked Arthir.
"You're speaking of his sons, Master Sorcerer?"
"Aye," said Arthir. The four sons of Lord Cail were said to be troublemakers at the best of times. Wild, violent men. Tia Vashil's hierarchy placed the users of magic, the Sorcerers and their Guild, first and foremost in society and law. It had very little that passed for nobility save for the Five Noble Families, the descendants of five great heroes who'd held the gates alone against the first invasion of Dragon Clan hordes, buying time for the Guild to prepare a ritual and allowing the legendary warlock Kiera the Wilder to destroy the last of the western dragons. Consequently, there were a great deal more Sorcerers than nobles, and it took a certain type of egotist to be born into a noble family and lord it over the rest of the city when they had to turn around and scrape to any Sorcerer, no matter how green or junior, in the Guild. Somehow, Lord Cail had managed to achieve four such sons. Still, the House was one of the strongest supporters of Guild rule in the city.
"Rumors, my lord Sorcerer," said the fruit vendor. "They're fine young men, and the people who say otherwise have petty reasons to do so."
"And what people are those?"
"Lord vai Auin and his lot," she said.
Arthir frowned. It was true that the House vai Auin held the Guild in low regard, but Arthir had met the old warrior Islan vai Auin. Whatever his opinions of the vai Kellers and their dogged insistence on Guild rule, he would be caught dead before trading in gossip.
"Lord Islan is an honorable man," he said. "I don't think he'd be the type to spread rumors."
"One of his family then. Everyone knows it. I'm not the only one who says it."
"I would encourage you not to," said Arthir. "It would not do to have brawling in the streets over Houses."
He turned over one of the dark red apples, feeling for soft spots.
"How much for this?" he asked, showing it to the woman.
"Oh, for that, I would give it to you for free, Master Arthir," she said. She looked at it.
"But not this one, this is not fit for a horse."
She stared down at her wares, then found a different variety further along the stall. She held it up, demonstrating its rich color, a rusted red mixing with spots of yellow.
"A Keller honey," she said. "Much finer. Take this one. No charge."
"Not possible," said Arthir. He fished in his pocket and found a golden coin, which he pressed into her hand.
"This is too much, Master," she exclaimed.
"Nonsense," he said, waving the apple at her. "I am sure that it is more than worth it."
He smiled at her, then the realization that he did not know her identity crossed his mind.  
"What is your name, Mistress?" he asked.
"Oh, Master Arthir, it is of no concern. I do not mean any offense, but you know the saying: 'better your name said in the gutter than in the Guild.'"
Arthir smiled. He had heard the saying, and knew she did not mean it for anything other than warding off harm. Most Vashili never came to the attention of the Guild. Those who did usually did so for reasons that were far from good.
"As you wish. Thank you for the apple."
"Thank you for the gold, Master Arthir," she said.
Arthir waved at her, continuing his walk. Two of the Guard, dressed in Vashili blue and thumbing the axes hanging off their belts, saluted him as he passed, and he gave them a nod in return. The swirl of the market crowd grew tighter, and he had to reach forward and tap a man's shoulder to draw him out of the way.
He did not feel the first knife until it was running deep in his ribs, the pain shooting through his chest, making it hard to breathe. He tried to turn, and the movement wrenched the blade inside him, cutting him further. He tried to shout, but another blade took him in the chest, piercing his lung. He looked up into a bearded face hidden under a hood.
Arthir still had a great deal of his strength left, despite his grievous wounds, and he began to weave a spell, the familiar numbness of the magic coursing out of the world and into his body dulling, for a moment, the pain.
A third knife stabbed into him and the pain came flooding back, the spell broken. Arthir dropped his apple, the fruit bouncing along the cobbles. He gripped the wrists of the man who'd just stabbed him, pulling the knife out of his torso. The blade was green, crumbling, and he realized that it was a dragon jade weapon. The exact sort of weapon you'd bring to kill a Sorcerer.
Another hooded man stepped up, grabbing Arthir by the shoulder, ramming his blade into Arthir's stomach. The world was turning duller and duller, and when he looked about, he realized that there were more knives waiting for their turn. Someone, a civilian, appeared to notice that he was bleeding in the street, and the knives in men's hands, and there was a scream.
It was almost a relief when he felt the edge of a knife press against his throat and bite in as it was drawn across his neck.