Adam can't remember the last time he felt this painfully self-conscious.

Katy is watching with a cold smile of satisfaction, her arms crossed unyielding over her chest. Kris is watching, too -- but the expression on his face carries a different expression. His eyes are hooded, darkened with lust, his lips parted as he watches Adam's trembling hands fumble with the buttons of his shirt.

After a moment, Katy impatiently rolls her eyes and heads for the doorway. "I'll be right back."

Adam's wary eyes follow her before turning anxiously toward Kris, his voice hushed and fearful. "Kris... I don't know about this..."

Kris smoothly closes the distance between them, taking over with Adam's shirt as he speaks in soft, soothing tones.

"It's okay... nothing's going to happen that you don't want to happen, Adam..."

Adam's mouth is dry, and he glances again toward the doorway. "She's really pissed off..."

"Wouldn't you be?" Kris points out with a sad, sympathetic smile.

Adam's eyes narrow and he bats Kris's hands away as they finish with the shirt and move toward the front of his jeans. He catches Kris's wrists and holds them until Kris sighs impatiently and meets his eyes with mild annoyance.

"What happened to 'it takes two to do what we did'? I know this is my fault, but... why is it just my fault?"

"It isn't." Kris gives him a rueful, self-conscious grimace as he admits, "I already took my punishment."

That word makes Adam swallow hard, his stomach lurching slightly. "Is that what this is?"

"For her." Kris shrugs slightly, a sly smile playing about the edges of his mouth. "For me... it's more."

Adam's staring at the doorway again, his voice trembling, barely over a whisper. "She's so pissed off with me," he repeats. "I... I don't trust her not to..."

"Shhh," Kris soothes him, reaching for his jeans once more. Adam resists, but Kris simply stills his movements without withdrawing as he meets Adam's eyes and murmurs, "Trust me... okay? Just trust me. I won't let you get hurt."

Adam hesitates, but the look in Kris's eyes is so warm, so familiar -- he finds that he can't not trust his friend. He finally nods slowly, withdrawing his hands and allowing Kris to undo his jeans and slide them down over his hips.

"Just go with it," Kris whispers a little breathlessly into his ear as he gently palms Adam's still soft cock through the soft cotton of his underwear, smiling when he feels it stir under his hand. "This can be good for you, too, you know..."

Then, Katy's striding purposefully back into the room, a large cardboard box in her arms; and Kris abruptly stops touching Adam, taking a step away from him and shooting a guilty glance in his wife's direction. She smiles grimly as she sets down the box and moves swiftly toward them.

"I saw that, Kristopher," she informs him with a raised eyebrow before turning her attention toward Adam, seizing a handful of his hair and jerking his head down to within inches of her own. Her voice is low and threatening as she demands, "Why aren't you naked yet, bitch?"

Adam glances pleadingly toward Kris, hesitating, but he finds no help there. Kris is simply waiting expectantly and passively for his answer. "I... I'm sorry, I was..."

Katy doesn't wait for him to finish his response. She roughly yanks his underwear down, pulling them down with his jeans until the fabric pools around his ankles. Without warning she drags him forward by the hair so that he falls hard onto the floor on his knees, biting back a yelp of pain at the impact.

Adam is trembling as she walks away from him, feeling sick and uncertain, alarmed by the violence with which she's treating him. In spite of the fact that he has a significant physical advantage over her, he's painfully aware of he tremendous emotional advantage she possesses. He could get up and walk away at any moment if he so chose.

But if he did... he knows he could never come back.

Kris silently steps toward him, gentle fingers threading through his hair in a soothing gesture as they wait for Katy to find what she's looking for in the box -- a thought that alone is enough to make Adam queasy. He leans instinctively into Kris's hand, looks up at him anxiously; but Kris just shakes his head and smiles, keeping up the silent, tender reassurance of his caress.

Adam tries to take what comfort he can from Kris's nearness and affection -- but all of that flees his thoughts when Katy turns around, and he sees her calculated smile... and the set of handcuffs in her hand.

"W-wait a second..."

Adam hates the tremor in his voice, but can't quite keep it out as Katy approaches him with the cuffs. He tries to rise, but Kris's hand presses down on his shoulder, holding him in place, while still stroking soothingly through Adam's hair with his other hand.

"Easy," Kris murmurs. "It's okay..." Then, softer, barely a breath, "Trust me..."

Adam's trembling, fighting his own instinct to struggle as Katy crouches behind him, sliding his unbuttoned shirt back off his shoulders and tossing it aside before pulling his right wrist behind his back and locking it into one side of the handcuffs. His left hand jerks when she touches it, but he doesn't pull away as she fastened the other cuff behind him, allowing his bound wrists to fall. He shivers at the feel of the cool metal against his bare skin, slowly warming even as she rises and slowly moves to stand in front of him.

Her slender fingers touch his chin, guiding his head up to meet her eyes. He knows his own are wide and trapped, certainly betraying his fear to the woman who now holds his fate in her hands. He swallows hard, his voice barely over a hoarse whisper when he dares to speak.

"Katy... please..."

A sharp slap replaces the gentle fingers on the side of his face, and Kris pulls his hand away as Katy crouches in front of Adam, gripping his hair in a painfully tight grasp and jerking his head back, exposing his throat. His fists clench and unclench behind him in a useless instinctive response to the threat she's portraying herself to be. A shiver passes through him as she jerks him closer to her, smiling coldly into his eyes. Her voice is soft, in direct contrast to the violence of her actions, as she shakes her head in a slow, leading manner.

"I'm not going to have to gag you, am I, Adam?"

He shakes his head hurriedly, not daring to speak again, his stomach lurching at the prospect of being made even more helpless than he already is.

"You will speak only when we say you may. Is that clear?"

Adam nods, glancing uncertainly up toward Kris, hoping for some relief. To his dismay, Kris's expression is impassive. He's nodding slowly in imitation of Adam's response, and tacit approval of it. Katy grips Adam's chin again and jerks his face back toward hers, a single eyebrow raised in warning.

He nods again more emphatically, giving her his full attention this time.

"Good."

She relents at last, releasing his face, her hand softening in his hair just slightly as she surprises him by leaning in for a firm, aggressive kiss. He's too stunned to resist, even if he dared, as she plunders his mouth with her tongue, her teeth tugging at his lower lip until he can taste his own blood. When she abruptly withdraws and rises to her feet, he's breathless, trembling.

As she motions Kris a few steps away and speaks softly to him, Adam's aware he should probably be trying to hear what she's saying, but he can't focus over the roar of blood pounding in his head, over the sound of his own shaky gasps for breath.

He cautiously ventures a look up toward them, feeling a twinge of -- jealousy? that's not right, he's hers, anyway -- some unsettling emotion when he sees that Katy is kissing Kris now, and he's returning the kiss with far greater vigor than Adam did. Kris turns her abruptly so that her back is to the wall, deepening the kiss with a needy moan that stirs Adam's arousal in spite of himself.

It's a satisfying notion to think that Kris's desire is probably heightened by Adam's own taste on Katy's tongue.

After a moment, Kris withdraws, stroking an affectionate hand down the side of Katy's face. Her expression softens to a smile, and Kris offers her a wordless nod in confirmation of some unspoken communication between the two of them. Then, he returns to stand in front of Adam, a steadying hand falling to rest at the back of his neck as he crouches in front of him.

His eyes are warm, but glittering with a dark lust as he smiles and murmurs in a tone of hushed anticipation.

"My turn."

Kris is far more forceful with this second kiss than he was with the first -- the one that caused Adam to be here, like this, in the first place. A shiver of mingled desire and apprehension goes through Adam's body as Kris's hand clutches hard at the back of his head, his tongue pressing forcefully through the barrier of Adam's lips to claim his mouth.

Adam flinches, eyes opening wide in startled disbelief when he feels Kris's hand firmly grasping his swiftly swelling erection. His moan of pleasure is muffled by Kris's mouth on his, and he feels Kris smile against his lips before drawing away from the kiss. Kris's eyes are glittering with mirth as they meet Adam's hazy, slightly shell-shocked gaze.

He clearly couldn't be more pleased with himself.

Smug little bastard...

Kris's smile fades to something more serious, and no longer distracted by the kiss, he resumes his attentions to Adam's cock, sliding his hand slowly up and down, then releasing his grip to tease with just his fingertips in slow swirling circles across Adam's sensitive skin.

"Kris..." he gasps out without really meaning to. "God, Kris..."

Kris immediately stops touching him, eyebrows raised in challenge as the smirk returns to his lips. "What did she tell you, Adam?" he reminds his friend in a tone that's half-teasing, half-warning.

It takes Adam a moment to remember that he wasn't supposed to speak.

Kris holds out his hand, and Katy places something in it. Adam tries to see what it is, alarmed as Kris swiftly moves it toward his cock, now fully hard against the base of his stomach. By the time he realizes what it is, it's too late, as Kris fastens the leather strap tightly around the base of his genitals, effectively ensuring that he won't be able to find the release he's now desperate for -- not until Kris and Katy say so, anyway.

"See? Should have kept your mouth shut," Kris taunts softly, playfully running his finger along the line where Adam's thigh meets his groin.

"You would have done that anyway," Adam points out, no little resentment in his tone.

He winces as Kris unexpectedly grabs his hair, his grip stronger and more painful than Katy's was. Kris's voice low in his ear sends a jolt of mingled fear and arousal straight through him.

"She wasn't kidding about the gag."

Adam bites his lower lip, his breath quickening with alarm as he forces himself to stay silent, afraid of having what little dignity and power is left to him stripped away. Kris smiles, pleased, and resumes his teasing touches, which at this point are nothing more than fruitless torment.

Adam wants Kris to stop... but at the same time, he never wants him to.

Eventually... he does.

Kris rises to his feet, eyes aglow with the heady rush of his own power as he unfastens the front of his jeans and takes out his own erection, revealing just how much he's enjoying this elaborate game they're playing. Adam takes in the gratifying sight, then smirks up at Kris, eyebrows raised expressing the mockery he's not allowed to voice.

Kris's eyes narrow, and Adam's smirk fades away. Kris is his friend, he knows he can trust him, knows he won't take this too far -- but there's a dark light in his eyes, a pleasure he's taking in this that makes Adam think maybe, maybe it's not a good idea to push him.

Satisfied that he's won the silent battle of wills, Kris steps forward, his legs spread parallel with Adam's shoulders. "Well?" he prompts softly. "I think you know what to do."

Adam looked up at Kris through impossibly lush lashes, the expression in his wide eyes smoldering with desire as he leaned forward and took Kris’s erection into his mouth. Kris let out a hoarse moan of pleasure, throwing his head back and stumbling slightly as he tried to steady himself. The motion rocked his body forward, but Adam adjusted with it, grinning around Kris’s cock in satisfaction at the reaction he’d elicited.

A moment later, however, he was caught off guard by the sensation of smooth fingertips trailing along the length of his own aching erection. His body jerked slightly in response, his mouth tightening around Kris and nearly bringing the smaller man to his knees. As Kris braced his back against the wall behind him, struggling to keep his footing, Adam automatically started to pull back – until he felt a small hand threading through his hair to press against the back of his head, holding it in place as Katy moved in close.

“Don’t stop,” she ordered softly. “Keep going.”

A shiver of mingled apprehension and intrigue went down Adam’s spine at the husky sound of her voice, the unmasked arousal he heard there. He obediently continued using his lips and tongue on Kris’s body, struggling for control as Katy resumed trailing slow circles around his own cock, starting at the base and slowly edging downward toward its head.

When she abruptly pinched the tip between her finger and thumb, Adam bucked involuntarily into her hand, swallowing convulsively as he made a conscious effort not to bite down on the sensitive flesh that filled his mouth. As it was, the increased pressure had a tremendous effect on Kris, his head thumping against the wall behind him as he gasped in startled pleasure.

“Adam… God…”

Adam could feel that Kris was close – he wasn’t far himself, not that it would do him any good with the leather strap that bound him – and he wasn’t sure how much longer he’d be able to maintain enough control to finish the job. Another well-timed swallow drew Kris further into his mouth, the head of his cock brushing the back of Adam’s throat.

One more brought Kris the release he sought, and Adam swallowed it down, his own body trembling with relief at no longer having to try to focus on the task while being so ruthlessly distracted by Katy’s games.

As Kris withdrew his softening cock from Adam’s lips, Katy immediately moved in to replace it with her own tongue, plundering Adam’s mouth greedily, licking up the traces of Kris’s taste still remaining in his mouth – as if trying to claim back something she thought was being taken from her.

Adam yielded to her aggressive advance, parted lips trembling as she fisted her hand in his hair, the other hand stroking him harder now, almost angrily. He was acutely aware of his helplessness, his hands flexing instinctively against the cuffs that bound them. When Katy finally drew back for air, her eyes were dark with lust, an almost vindictive smile on her lips. She held his gaze as she whispered, barely an inch from his mouth, so soft that in the midst of his recovery, there was no way Kris could hear her.

“He’s mine… no matter what you think you can do to him… I’ll always be able to do it better...” There was a wicked gleam in her eyes as she looked down between them at his bound cock, her tongue darting out to dampen her lips as they twitched slightly in the beginnings of a smirk.

“… and I’m going to prove it."