Lalitha is from guntoor city of A.P. She has one daughter and a son. Her husband, Ramachandra Reddy is working in and he is 52 years old. Lalitha got married at the age of 18 to Ramachandra Reddy, her uncle (mother's brother). Guntoor Lalitha Reddy (official name) is now 42 years old, she has a sexy body (she was Ms. college in college days). Lalitha's eldest daughter, radha is 22 years married, her son Mohan who is 16 years old is in a hotel. Mohan is very angry with his father for putting him in hostel. Lalitha never fed her breast milk for her children, because, she thought that feeding will unshaped her boobs, so Lalitha has very big boobs with milk even now. Her deeply religious husband never ever satisfied Lalitha. When Mohan came for a day's leave, Ramachandra had to go to Hyderabad and he told Mohan to take care of his dear mother and the house, as he will return late night only. That very night Lalitha saw that Mohan has gone to his room without watching TV and Lalitha became curious to know why he did so.

Lalitha went to Mohan's room and slowly opened the door and started peeping inside. Lalitha found Mohan masturbating his jumbo-sized cock looking at a nude photo. Lalitha kept on watching him. Although there were many thoughts in Lalitha's mind that she is Mother and he is son, she just stopped there watching her Mohan's dick. Lalitha's erotic desire aroused a lot after seeing Mohan's huge dick. Suddenly she felt her heartbeats irregular and Lalitha tightened up her thighs, while looking at him and his dick. Lalitha misbalanced and she tries to gain the balance but her bangles rang and Mohan stood up. Then he slowly stepped towards Lalitha. Now Mohan can easily judge Lalitha's condition and he whispered, " come inside Lalitha Mummy" and soon he placed his arm around Lalitha's waist and pushed her inside. Lalitha hesitatingly walked inside while looking at her feet with shyness. Mohan then bolted the door and smilingly slapped her ass and said " Lalitha Mummy don't worry, my father will not be able to know this. I love you so much momma. Plz let me love you". He hugged Lalitha and started kissing her neck, face and lips and his hands were on her big ass and his fingers inside mom's butts. Lalitha Mummy you are the sexiest and hottest woman I have ever met. "Lalitha Mummy your ass is so big and so soft". Lalitha just cannot stop Mohan doing all this. Lalitha wanted to stop him but he was very nasty at that moment. Mohan held her right ass butt in his hand and guided Lalitha to his bed. There he asked her " Lalitha Mummy sit down, I know that you are not satisfied by my father. I love you momma. Plz don't worry, we shall become good friends after this" .Then Lalitha said " Mohan please! Do not do anything to me, which is wrong in words of society. I don't want to have an illicit relations with my son". Mohan replied "my Guntoor Lalitha, don't worry Jaan!" .He sat besides Lalitha on the bed and placed his hand on mother's shoulder and pulled Lalitha towards his thickly haired chest, and he was completely nude at that time and it was pretty difficult for Lalitha to control her sexual desires. Because the boy sitting besides her is nude and having a gorgeous dick, so she placed her head on Mohan's shoulder and this was the sign which Lalitha gave him that she is direly in need of a throbbing fuck.

Mohan understood her position, he placed his hand on her thighs, and his fingers are trying to enter in between her thighs under the dress. Lalitha did not say anything to him when his fingers reached the most effective area of the woman 'her clit'. Mohan's fingers are doing magic with her clit. Lalitha started losing control and cried out "Mohan plz! Don't stop it, come on love ur mommy". Mohan kept on playing with my clit. Laitha kissed Mohan hungrily. No sooner Lalitha laid opened on the bed and loosened her thighs and Mohan's fingers kept on teasing her clit. Mohan started kissing and licking Lalitha's neck and now Lalitha is totally under the control of her boy. Mohan placed his lips on Lalitha's lips and pushed his tongue in her mouth so her juicy saliva is straight coming to Mohan's mouth.

When both are really hungry for each other, voluptuous Lalitha got up and said "Mohan, get up and put off my clothes". Lalitha extended her hand towards Mohan and he holds it and pulls her up. Lalitha got up and pulled off her qameez. Mohan came from back and started licking and kissing Lalitha's waist. His one hand entered in between her thighs from the front and other started pressing her breast. Lalitha allowed him doing this and pulled down her shalwar. While putting off her shalwar Lalitha bent down and when she got up Mohan's lovely dick stuck up in her ass. Lalitha pressed her humongous ass so that she can enjoy his dick and Mohan started juggling her huge ass with his hands. Then Mohan unhooks her bra and holds her breasts in his hands and joked "Lalitha Mummy you have very good pair of breasts and I think your husband is damn lucky that he has a woman like you to fuck and now I think that I am more lucky than him because you are going to fuck me". then he started sucking her nipples. Then Lalitha laid down the bed waiting for Mohan's loving dick to fuck and tear off her pussy. Then Mohan sits in between her thighs and spreaded his saliva on her pussy with his fingers and also put some of saliva on his cock's big head. Then Mohan wide opens her legs and make an ample space for his dick on her vaginal opening. Mohan pressed his cock in her pussy. OOH! God! Wowww!Mohan aah, AAOUCH! My dear Mohan your cock is sooo good mmm fuck Mommy fastttt yaaaaa" . Mohan was a real fast-fucker; she holds his face in her hands and started kissing his lips. Lalitha's mouth was filled with Mohan's juicy saliva, he keeps on building pressure on his cock, and it was slipping inch by inch in her soft pussy. Mohan's cock is just like a hard iron's rod. Lalitha's husband's dick is much smaller than her son's dick.

When his whole cock penetrates deep inside her vagina Lalitha holds his waist and her eyes were tightly closed. Mohan whispers in passion "Lalitha you are really a tight and hot bitch" Then Lalitha holds his face in her hands and kissed his lips and replied in a whisper "Mohan mere Jaan your dick is so hard,fuck your Lalitha Mummy hard". Mohan replied "Oh my Guntoor Lalitha I'll fuck you like a whore! Lalitha Mummy, you fucking bitch today you will forget your pimp husband". He started pushing his dick heavily in and out of her pussy regardless of her loud moan. Then he took her legs on his shoulders and fucked Lalitha like anything. Lalitha started moaning heavily and enjoying his cock. Then Mohan pulled back her thighs and sucked Lalitha's breasts and keeps his fast thrusts on her pussy. Lalitha licked her son's face. Mohan fucked Lalitha for more than 20 minutes. Mohan ejaculates his hot and viscid sperms deep inside her vagina. His father returned late night and next day, Mohan went back to college unwillingly. He had to wait for two long months for the summer vacation. Every day, he shagged thinking of his sex queen mother Guntoor Lalitha.After 2 months, Lalitha and Ramachandra went to Pune to bring back mohan for summer vacation. Since they reached there at night, they booked one room in a lodge. Ramchandra called up Mohan and gave him the Lodge address. Lalitha sat on the sofa thinking about his son, whom she did not see for two long months. Mohan arrived and as his father settled the bill for his Taxi,he rushed to the room. As soon as Mohan came to the room ,Lalitha hugged her son and started kissing her dear son all over his face. Both mother and son exchanged kisses, they hugged like lovers, who met long long ago. Lalitha felt his son's lund hardened and touching her choot and her big boobs are pressed to her son's chest. Mohan started fondling his hand on her luscious ass and they loved each other for around 3 minutes. Hearing her husband's noise both mother and son got separated. However mohan was still staring at his mother's boobs. Ramachandra said "Beta ye apki maa haina, dekhke bahut din hua na?" for that mohan did not reply. Lalitha said "My son is angry with u, u sent him to Pune away from his mother. Lalitha told her husband to bring Rice ,Milk(Juice) and Banana. Like an obedient husband he went out. Lalitha asked her dear son to sit beside her on the bed. Mohan said "Mum u have become more sexy,no friend of mine has such beautiful mother" Lalitha laughed for the compliment. She noticed her son staring at her large boobs, as her pallu has fallen around her waist,and her blouse's upper button is open. Mohan said "please mother, let me see ur boobs. It's been so long". Lalitha said "Ur father will come at any time" . Mohan begs at his mother, saying "pls amma, you are my goddess". Lalitha felt mercy on her son and told him that she will stand at the bath room door and her son can watch her boobs. Lalitha went near bath room and unbuttoned her blouse. As lalitha removed her bra,her big boobs came out. Mohan quickly closed the Main room door and frantically unzipped his pant. Lalitha saw her son's big lund and her cunt started oozing. Mohan said "oh my amma, i feel like sucking you all over". Lalitha squeezed her big boobs hungrily licking her lips. Mohan started shaking his dick seeing his mother's big boobs. Mohan pleaded "Amma, please remove ur saree, show your sexy ass please" for which horny Lalitha turned around and raised her saree above hip. Seeing his mother's big ass jutting out, mohan's dick was shivering. Mohan pleaded with Lalitha to remove her panties. As she did, Mohan mohan went crazy seeing his mother's plump ass and heavy boobs.He couldn't control and ran to his amma to kiss her everywhere. Suddenly Ramachandra knocked the door. Mohan quickly sat on the bed covering himself with a sheet. Lalitha adjusted her saree and blouse and like sati savitri opened the door. Ramachandra asked "oh, has Mohan fallen sleep?", Lalitha said "My son waited for u,just now he went for sleep" .Then, Lalitha shouted "Mohan beta wake up, see what ur father brought for u".Mohan woke up and said " I want one banana only" . Lalitha gave a banana to her son. Mohan said to his mother secretly "Maa i want some cream with this". Lalitha smiled, but waited for a minute a s her husband went to bath room . Lalitha put the banana inside her saree, dipped it in her choot and give to her son. Mohan enjoyed (eating)the banana. He stared at his mother's boobs and said "I want milk too". Lalitha winked at her son "u will have later".Ramachandra came out from bathroom and Mohan said "See Daddy, Mother is not (feeding)giving milk ". Ramachandra asked Lalitha "why u r not giving him milk ". She answered yes and like that they talked for about 15 mintues and had food. There is only one bed in the room and Ramchandra suggested that they all can sleep togther with Lalitha near to him and Mohan on the other side. As Lalitha will be sleeping near to Mohan, both Lalitha and her son welcomed the decision. Soon Ramachandra fell in fast sleep and started snoring. Mohan caressed his mom's boobs and Lalitha unbuttoned her blouse. She pushed her nipple into the mouth of her son. Mohan started sucking it, said that his mother's boobs have become more softer. He took his mother's hand on his waist. Lalitha started fondling her son's lund and it became very hard .Her choot is wet now with her son sucking her boobs. Soon Mohan began squeezing her big ass. He licked Lalitha's mouth, lips, ears, neck and forehead. The thirsty mom Lalitha was also licking his son. Lalitha's itching in the cunt increased but she was afraid to have sex with Mohan because Ramachandra was sleeping nearby.

Mohan complained to his mother that he wants her now. Lalitha thought of an idea. she again adjusted her saree and blouse and woke up her husband saying "Darling u did not take ur tablets" Then Lalitha mixed some sleeping tablets with the medicine. Ramachandra immediately dozed off to sleep. As soon as he began his snoring, Lalitha pulled her sons lungi and banian and made her mohan totally nude. She asked her son to make her nude too and mohan readily pulled her saree and petty coat. Both mother and son are nude watching each other. Both hugged hungrily. Mother and son with their bodies pressed played with their tongues. Lalitha said "beta please kiss me". Mohan tries to kiss on her face again. Lalitha said "u fool not here, between Amma's legs.Mohan smiled and knelt between her legs, started licking her vagina. Horny lalitha started moaning " shhhhhhh woooooooo hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii mohan beta oooooooooooossssssssssssooooooo apni maa ki chooooooootttttttt". Lalitha commanded her son to lay on the bed in 69 postion. Lalitha came over Mohan and took her son's big lund in her mouth and started sucking. Mohan toungued his Mom's cunt and sexy ass. Both came into each other's mouth. They sucked each other for long. Exahusted, both dressed up and went to sleep. Next day husband ,wife and son reached their home town guntur. There, mohans grandmother has also come. Seeing Lalitha's happy face, grand mother said "Now I am very glad that my daughter Lalitha is so happy after 2 months. Lalitha told her mother about whatever is happening between her and her son mohan. Grandmother said "I suspected it when I came here last time too. I know that chandra is no good. I am happy, if you are happy with your son". Lalitha shyingly nodded her head. Lalitha said "Mother, since ur son-in-law is around, I'm afraid". Then grandmother invited Laitha and son to her village for a week for which Ramachandra also agreed. They reached village in the afternoon, grandmother asked mother and son to take bath with haldi powder (generally newly wed bride uses this for bath). Lalitha dressed like a bride and went to temple for pooja with her son. In the temple, when the priest asked whose name pooja should be performed, grandmother suddenly said "Lalitha and Mohan". Priest performed pooja and after reaching home, grandmother asked Mohan and Lalitha to sit on the chairs. She gave a necklace (a sign of marriedhood) to Mohan and said "Tie this around neck of ur mother wife". Grandmother jokingly added "If u tie the necklace around neck our ur beloved mother, u will get the rights of untieing her saree and blouse. Lalitha blushed Mother dont tease us". Mohan tied the mangalsutra around his mother's neck. Grandmother said, "now your mother is ur wife and u have to satisfy all her desires" and said "Lalitha u should not forget Mohan is ur husband. I am blessing both mother and son(wife and husband) to have a couple of childs". Both wife and husband(newly acquired relationship) fell on grandmother's feet. Then grandmother asked Mohan to take blessing from Lalitha as his mother. Mohan kneels before his mother Lalitha. She shyingly blessed her son happy married life. Then grandmother asked Lalitha to touch her new husband's feet and Lalitha touched his son's feet. Both wife and husband went to the bed room for their hot first night. Grandmother watched Mohan eagerly caressing his wife Guntoor Lalitha's ass while walking to the room.
funsexcum

Hi everybody I'm anil from kolkata. My mom is atrei roy she is 42, and still extremely sexy. After the death of my dad now she takes care of our family business. Now let me tell you something about our family business. We provide different types of gals for the different sort of male customers. One day my mom had a deal with 5 guys to arrange 5 Bengali girls for them. It was raining heavily. Mom had to arrange everything within 6 pm. Unfortunately the girls didn't came . she was waiting alone in the office and when those 5 guys arrived she told them about the problem and requested them for another date. But they were all heavily drunk and didn't want to leave. My mom was in a sexy black sari and sleeveless blouse( without bra) and was infact looking extremely sexy with her huge boobs and bitchy look.her nice big Bs were jutting out of her bra and the nice cleavage show was a real instigating one. Two of them started walking towards my mom . the remaining three started to walk towards the exit door. Mom was looking at her register and didn't at all studied their attitude. I was infact sitting in the next room and watching a b.f in computer. Two of them didn't take a long time to come closer to my mom and thereby to pounce on her. The other three closed the door carefully and closed the mouth of the mouth bitch by a hanki. And all on a sudden I listened to some peculiar sort of sound coming out from her room. So I went up and started walking towards her room. And when I started getting the sound properly I easily guessed the scene going on in her room. So I stopped and started walking my mom's sex war through the keyhole of her room. They undressed my mom within a few minutes. Now I could see the figure of a real bitch- my own mom. Two of them started licking and sucking her nice tits carefully , the other two were having their pumping machines inside my mom's cunt and ass. The remaing one was masterbating and he was infact waiting for his turn. He didn't wait for long, as the mouth bitch showed her interest to have his dick inside her mouth. The drama continued for atleast 35 minutes. Then the paid a heavy amount to the naked whore and then left the place. Then I entered into mom's room. She was exhausted enough. The sari was loosely bound and in her rag tag blouse she was looking very sexy. I eyed at her and directly asked the bitch whether she needed any more fucking or not. She didn't have any other option but to admit the fact.
Then she told me bout her own interest in sex and the next night she did the same with me and my 2 friends and she also reveals her interest to use herself in the business.
I wanted to see the real colour of my bitchy mom and I didn't get bemused. After that she caught a customar and converted herself as his rakhel for 5 months. During that time that. she even performed in a strip tease dance function in his bunglow and I was also present here. That night I shared my mom with that person and his three friends . and after a great fuck mom declared that she would like to have a lawaris beti in her womb.
devarajnayak


