A Schoolgirl Spanking
by unknown

They were lying in bed, snuggled together after making love. Her bottom was 
still blushed red, hot and lined with welts from the caning and paddling he had 
given her before she rode his cock to orgasm. 
She nuzzled her head into his chest. "Will you cane me like a schoolgirl 
sometime?" she asked. 
"How is a schoolgirl caned?" 
"She has to bend over. Her headmaster raises her skirt and tucks it up so it 
will not fall down. Then he pulls her knickers down and gives her 'twelve of the 
best' with the cane, while she counts each stroke. She does not get a warm up 
spanking and the strokes are given very hard. It hurts a lot, but if she 
squirms, or misses the count, or gets up she gets extras." 
"Does our schoolgirl cry?" 
"Yes, she does" 
"And what happens after the schoolgirl is punished?" 
"Well... Maybe the headmaster might finds the sight of her bare welted bottom 
and her pussy peeking out between her thighs irresistible and he takes her hard 
from behind." 
She put her hand down to his cock, which had grown rock hard. "I see that you 
like naughty schoolgirls." 
"Especially when they get caned hard." 
He caressed her pussy with his index finger. The lips of her vulva were slick. 
"I see that you like cruel headmasters." 
"Oh yes, I love my headmaster, even though he spanks me very hard." She moved on 
top of him, sliding his cock inside her. He cupped her buttocks in his hands as 
she started to move, grinding her mons into him. He started slapping her bottom 
which was still sore from the spanking he had given her earlier. They came 
together. 
The next Saturday he was sitting in the living room reading when she came down 
from the bedroom carrying the cane and a piece of paper. She was wearing a plaid 
skirt that come down to her mid thighs, a white blouse and a tie. Her hair was 
in two braids and she was wearing white socks and saddle shoes. Her full breasts 
pressed against the white fabric of the shirt, which was unbuttoned to show the 
top of her white lace bra. 
"I was told to give this to you, Sir", she told him as she handed him the paper. 

The note said "This young lady has been repeatedly caught passing notes to boys 
during class. Please give her twelve of the best, on the bare." 
He put the note down on the coffee table and stood up. "Passing notes, young 
lady! Its clear that you need a good hard spanking." 
"You're to get twelve of the best, my girl?" 
"Yes, Sir. I brought the cane, Sir." He took the cane that she offered to him. 
"Well, we might as well get this over with. Bend over the back of the couch" 
She bent over the couch, the back of the couch under her hips, her hands resting 
on the seat cushions. 
He raised the hem of her skirt, tucking it in the waist band, revealing a pair 
of white lace string bikini knickers, stretched tightly over the round curve of 
her bottom. 
"I don't think that these are regulation school knickers, are they?", he said as 
caressed her bottom beneath the transparent lace. 
"No, Sir." 
He pulled her knickers down to the middle of her thighs. "Passing notes to boys, 
wearing slutty little knickers." He moved his hand between her thighs, caressing 
her pussy. "Do you let boys touch you here? Do you like it a lot?" he asked, 
rubbing her clit. 
"Yes, Sir. It feels very good, Sir" 
"You are a naughty girl. You need a hard spanking, don't you?" 
"Yes, Sir" 
"I'm going to add two strokes for wearing those slutty knickers and four strokes 
for spreading you thighs for boys. And that brings the total to..." 
"Eighteen strokes, Sir" 
He moved away from her, standing on her left side. He tapped her bottom with the 
cane. "Stay in position and do not get up until you're told. You are to count 
each stroke. If you squirm, miss the count or get up you, will get extras. Are 
you ready for your spanking?" 
"Yes, Sir" 
"Good girl" 
Raised the cane and brought it down hard across her bare bottom. The cane left a 
red welt across the top curve of her buttocks. 
She drew in a breath sharply as she felt the burn of the cane stroke. "One", she 
counted 
He waited ten seconds and gave her the next stroke. 
"Two" 
As he caned her the strokes brought a cry before she counted out each stroke. By 
the time he had given her the first dozen strokes she was crying like a spanked 
little girl, her sobs mixed with her cries as she took each stroke, counting 
them out. She was crying hard and did not count the fourteenth stroke. 
"What number was that?" he asked 
"Fourteen, Sir", she said between sobs. 
"And what happens when you miss the count?" 
"I get extras, Sir" she said in a small voice. 
"Good girl. I'm going to give you that stroke over and add an extra stroke." 
He brought the cane down hard across the bottom of her buttocks, near the crease 
of her thighs. She cried out and counted "fourteen". 
He gave her the next stroke across the center of her bottom and the following 
one across the tops of her thighs. She squirmed. 
He caressed her welted cheeks. "Such a naughty girl. Missing the count and 
squirming. I'm going to have to give you the last stroke over and add another 
punishment stroke." 
He gave her another stroke and she counted "sixteen". 
She stayed still and took the next two strokes, counting them out as she cried. 
He let her catch her breath as he caressed her welted bottom. "And we have how 
many punishment strokes?", he asked her. 
"Two, Sir" 
"And how are punishment strokes given?" 
"Extra hard, Sir." 
He slipped his hand between her thighs caressing her. "Good girl. That's right. 
You don't have to count these, but I want you to thank me for each one." 
She sobbed "Thank you, Sir" as she took the next two strokes. 
She heard the rustle of his clothes as she lay crying over the back of the 
couch. She stood up and saw that he had taken off his pants and underwear. His 
cock was standing out, erect and hard. 
"Did I give you permission to get up?" he asked severely 
"No, Sir. I'm sorry, Sir", she said as she bent over again. 
He slipped her knickers down her legs and she stepped out of them. She spread her 
thighs as he moved his hand between them, caressing her. She slowly stopped 
crying as the pleasure of his caresses on her bottom and her clit replaced the 
burning pain of the cane. He spread her pussy lips, opening her for his cock. 
Her lips were slick with arousal. Holding her from behind, he slipped into her, 
thrusting in and out of her slowly. She arched her bottom up, pushing back, 
taking him deeper, starting to move against him. 
"Stay still", he ordered. 
He fucked her slower for another couple of minutes and then withdrew. "I want 
you to ask me to give you another four strokes for being a naughty girl and 
getting up before I gave you permission." 
The caning had hurt so much and she dreaded the thought of four more strokes. 
"May I please have another four strokes for getting up before you gave me 
permission Sir?", she asked softly, her voice catching on "four strokes". 
He picked up the cane. "Yes, you may." He tapped her bottom with the cane. "Now 
get that bottom up high", he ordered. 
She arched her bottom upward. He thought that she looked beautiful, her lovely 
ass, lined with cane welts, offered for the punishment, her pussy offered to his 
cock. He gave her four cane strokes, hard and slow. She was crying again after 
the first stroke. 
She was still crying as he entered her again, his strokes harder and faster this 
time, thrusting into her deeply, pushing her against the couch. As he took her 
he could feel her hot welted buttocks under his loins. She moved her left hand 
under her, rubbing her clit, bracing herself with her right arm. It felt so good 
as he pushed into her, but it hurt too, as he slammed hard against her sore 
welted ass. The itch of orgasm started to build up in her as she pressed against 
her clit with her fingers. She pushed her ass up more, taking him a little 
deeper inside her, the pain fading from her buttocks and thighs. He come and she 
followed a few seconds later. 
She lay limp over the back of the couch, the pain from the cane welts returning. 

"That's what happens to naughty schoolgirls who pass notes" he told her. 
