Time passes and neither man mentions their evening at the pub. Work keeps them busy and forces them to focus on their professional relationship. Lewis even forgets about the poem he was so eager to remember that evening. 

A case at one of the big manors around Oxford introduces them to the new pathologist, Dr. Grayling Russell. Lewis immediately connects with her while Morse's old fashioned views of women don't sit well with her at all. When Morse still struggles with her on their next case, Lewis decides to put in a good word or two for his boss with her. Morse seems to be suffering enough from a toothache, he doesn't need the doctor to pick on him on top of it. And he might be wrong, but Morse does seem interested in Dr. Russell, for once that'd be a choice Lewis would approve of. 

Investigation of the murder of John Doe, mutilated body found in Thrupp 

The pathology lab, Lewis has come to get information from Dr. Russell 

"You sound just like Morse," Dr. Russell suddenly tells Lewis during their exchange. 

Lewis grins, not sure whether the comment is meant as praise or a jibe, but as he thinks a great deal of Morse, he decides it's got to be a good thing. "I'll take that as a compliment," he replies. 

When their discussion comes to an end, Dr. Russell surprises him again, this time with her insight into his relationship with the Chief Inspector. 

"I'll go and see the boss," Lewis declares with a smile, thinking he might be able to wind Morse up with the news he's bringing from the pathology lab. 

Dr. Russell cocks her head and smiles at him. "You really like him, don't you," she says softly. 

"He's the best there is," Lewis says, pride in his voice. 

Dr. Russell just keeps on smiling. "Hm, if you say so..." 

Between Lewis and Morse, nothing seems to have changed, no one would guess anything has happened between them. They've simply returned to teasing each other whenever the opportunity arises. 

London, outdoors after a meeting with Mr. Collins 

"Mrs. Burton?" Morse calls after a young woman and hurries after her. She turns and looks at him blankly. "Oh, I'm sorry," the Chief Inspector says when he realizes his mistake.
Lewis casually strolls up to him "Nice try, Sir," he comments with a grin. 

"Oh shut up, Lewis," is the gruff reply which fails to wipe the grin off Lewis's face. "It's opening time," Morse declares after checking his watch. 

"And alcohol free lager time for me, I suppose," Lewis adds and falls into step with his boss. There are some things he can rely on when it comes to Morse. The Chief Inspector's love for beer is one of them. 

A day later, Morse has another appointment with his dentist. Upon his return to the police headquarters, Lewis informs him that Superintendent Strange wants a word with him. 

Police headquarters, Morse comes down the stairs from the meeting, Lewis happens to be at the coffee vendor at the bottom 

"Coffee, Sir?" Lewis asks when he spots his boss. 

"Extra sugar," Morse says, suppressing a sigh. 

"Didn't last long, did it, Sir? Your self-denial." Lewis grins and hands a cup of coffee to Morse who gives him a reproachful look. "I know, you need the energy," Lewis adds, but Morse isn't up for any banter. 

"Lewis, I've already had a bad time from both the dentist and the Chief Superintendent." 

"Sorry, Sir," Lewis says, though he's more sorry that Morse had a bad day in the first place than he is for his failed attempt to cheer him up. 

The two detectives teasing each other is one thing; however, when others try to join in, they are quick to close the ranks. 

The pathology lab, Morse sits on a chair, hunched over, Lewis leans on a table next to him, Dr. Russell goes about her business a bit further into the room 

Lewis eyes Morse worryingly. His boss looks pretty miserable. He knows Morse has a problem with looking at corpses but this reaction seems a bit strong even for Morse's standards. He leans down. "Cup of tea, Sir? Coffee?" He offers. 

Morse only shakes his head, miserably. 

"Medicinal brandy?" Dr. Russell suggests from across the room, obviously not worried at all. "Just take a few deep breaths. I'm sure it's just the formaldehyde." 

Morse and Lewis look at each other, neither man approving of the remark, yet Morse pulls himself together a bit more. "What were you saying, Doctor?" 

A while later, Lewis talks to Dr. Russell again, still trying to make her see that Morse is a good man. He's not sure whether he can convince her, but his words must have left some impression with her because Dr. Russell shows up at their office when the case is closed and invites Morse out. Lewis can't help but grin. Who'd have thought he'd make a good match maker?! He quickly hides his grin when Morse turns to look at him, though. 

Yet, Morse's date doesn't work out well at all due to the arrival of an old friend of Dr. Russell's called Sam. A friend she cannot tear her eyes away from and who has the nerve to actually take up Morse's offer of a drink. The offer that Morse had meant as a rhetorical question, a polite gesture, not a factual offer to buy a total stranger a drink. The Chief Inspector looks at the two smiling and hugging friends for a moment and decides to leave. Let Sam get his own drink if he wants one. 

Morse drives home and drowns his sorrow in scotch. Some time late that evening, he picks up the phone and dials Lewis's number, only to hang up without a word when he hears Lewis's voice. He buries his face in his hands, then straightens and takes a deep breath. "Don't be daft, Morse," he says to himself and walks over to his record player to restart the recording of Maria Callas he's been listening to since he arrived home. It's one of the very few pieces of music he's played in his car that Lewis liked, even though his Sergeant mistook it for a recording of Cats. The memory makes him smile a little, but it's a sad smile. He pours himself another scotch and puts his legs up on the sofa.