Things had pretty much returned to normal after shore leave. There were small changes though. If you didn’t know what you were looking for, you might very easily miss them.

Will and Wesley were both happier. Will was usually a happy person, but there was just something different about him. And then there was Wesley. Wesley seemed more confident around other people, more relaxed, and more comfortable. His social skills seemed to have improved also. People didn’t give him strange looks anywhere near as often as they used to when they were talking to him.

Will was sitting in Ten Forward by himself, probably waiting for Wesley.

She didn’t like it, but she couldn’t forbid Wesley from seeing him, and Will did make a good officer, so she wouldn’t go after his job. She wasn’t petty enough to do that anyway.

There was no way this would end well, and she knew Wesley would be the one taking the brunt of the break up pain. She couldn’t have that.

She walked over and sat across from Will. “You’ve been avoiding me.”

Will nearly choked on his beverage. He looked like he was going to deny it, but then he chuckled. “Yeah, I have been.”

“You can face the unknown, but you can’t face your lover’s mother.”

She could see a blush beginning to stain Will’s cheeks. He was clearly uncomfortable with this conversation. Good.

“He’s eighteen, Will.”

“I’m well aware of how old he is.”

“Then you know you’re too old for him.”

“At least I’m not old enough to be his father.”

“Is that supposed to make this better?”

“Not really, no. But it could be worse.”

“Will, it’s not like you have a future with him.”

Will didn’t answer her. He stared at her, lips slightly parted. Then he licked his lips and looked away nervously.

“You’ve talked about the future with him.” She couldn’t keep the shock out of her voice. Not that she wanted to picture their relationship, but she honestly hadn’t thought it was much more than physical. What else could it be?

She didn’t know what to say. Her little boy had talked to an older man about a future together. She didn’t know what to make of that.

Suddenly, Will was looking at her again, all traces of unease gone, and when he spoke, his voice was sure and strong. “I love him, Beverly.”

She was still at a loss for words when her son sat down next to Will. He took one look at Will and turned to glare at her. “Mom, what are you doing?”

She ignored her son and looked at Will. “This isn’t finished.” She walked over to the bar, sat down, and got a drink from Guinan.

“I know that the age difference bothers you, but they’re good together and they’re happy.”

She glared at Guinan. How dare the woman stick her nose in where it didn’t belong.

Guinan sighed. “Just watch them.”

Watching them was exactly what she didn’t want to do at the moment. Not that there would be anything more than talking. Not while they were out in public. Not yet.

When she had first figured it out, right before shore leave, she really didn’t have time to process it. Wesley had been happy and that was all that had mattered to her. Then, while Will and Wesley were away together, she thought about it. They were on vacation together. Alone. For a week.

That was all it took for Beverly to change her mind, and when Wesley had gotten back, she had had a long talk with him. It had gone nowhere, of course, but she hoped Wesley would come to his senses soon.

She firmly believed that there was just no future for them. She sighed and decided to take Guinan’s advice. She turned so she could watch her son interact with his much older male lover. And honestly, the male part really didn’t bother her.

Wesley had moved to sit across from Will. They were both laughing. Beverly couldn’t remember the last time she had seen Wesley laugh so freely.

She watched them talk and laugh, and she watched the way they leaned into each other. She watched as their hands rested on the table near each other, just shy of touching. She watched as Data joined them and they started a conversation with him that was probably too intelligent for somebody Wesley’s age to follow along with.

Wesley was too smart for his own good, and a couple of months ago, she would have said that Wesley could hold his own on an intellectual level with Will, but not emotionally. Now, however, she might have to rethink that assessment.

As she continued watching, it seemed that Wesley and Will were completely in sync with each other, and if she had to wager a guess, they could probably finish each other’s sentences. She could see the strain it put on the both of them to keep from touching each other.

She wondered how everyone aboard the ship would react to their relationship. Other species might be more accepting, but even though humans had come a long way, there were still idiots out there, unfortunately. If it had been somebody that wasn’t her son, then she would be okay with the relationship, but it was her son, and she wasn’t okay.

She could see now what Guinan could see, but she still couldn’t get over her fears, and she still didn’t like it. She supposed she could grin and bear it though. For Wesley’s sake. If Will hurt Wesley though, and she still believed he would, she would make sure that he paid for it.

She watched as Will left the table, saw the soft smiles exchanged between him and Wesley, and recognized the looks for what they were. Love. Plain and simple. A few minutes later, Wesley got up. Probably to follow Will back to his quarters.

She turned back around and found Guinan, a small smile on her lips. “You don’t have to worry about Will hurting Wesley, you know.”

“You can’t know that.”

“I see things that other people don’t see, and believe me, it won’t be an issue.”

“Then what am I going to have to worry about?”

“If you’re still going to have grandkids.”

She was about to tell Guinan off, but she was smiling and had a sly look in her eyes. Beverly laughed instead.

“I think I’m going to need another drink.” Guinan brought her one and she gulped it down. She could only hope that Will would break Wesley’s heart sooner rather than later.