The Netball Girls
by Flynn77 ©

After my first year at college I returned to my parents' home for the 
summer. Now, summer in Britain translates to about three hot weeks in June 
or July but as my home town was a coastal resort I found part-time work at 
the holiday camp on the outskirts of our town.

The camp consisted of mobile homes and caravans, rented for periods of 
time with a central complex containing bars, a disco, shops, etc. Because 
we were fortunate to have a few miles of high sand dunes and a pretty good 
beach the camp was almost always full during the summer and a good place 
to find seasonal work.

My girlfriend at the time, a local girl called Kerry, also worked in the 
camp so it was pretty convenient for our relationship. What was even 
better was the camp's close proximity to the sprawling sand dunes and 
because we were both still living with our respective parents, the dunes 
became our secret little place for a bit of passion.

We wangled it that our shifts often coincided, trying to get mornings or 
lunchtimes in the bar or restaurant which meant we could sneak off to the 
beach in the afternoon when, and if, the sun was shining.

We knew the dunes were busy on hot days but that seemed to make Kerry even 
hotter sometimes. She was nineteen, tall, long-legged with nice high, firm 
breasts – a good handful topped by wide aureole and perky brown nipples. 
She had sallow skin that made her appear permanently tanned and along with 
big sparkling brown eyes and straight silken dark locks she exuded an 
exotic quality. As we became more daring in our sexual fun deep in the 
dunes I discovered her particular kink of loving to get completely naked 
and give me a blow job until the point of orgasm when she'd then direct my 
cum onto her chin and tits.

This happened quite a few times after our initial bit of daring and she 
eventually explained the buzz of getting naked in public – secluded though 
our spot was – got her hornier than she'd ever been in her life and her 
thing was to suck on my dick and make me cum all over her. She said it got 
her off without hardly needing touched and a further thrill was to parade 
about naked while I recovered for some full sex. She claimed the 
possibility of getting caught raised her arousal to uncontrollable levels.

Well, like any guy, having a nineteen year old hottie tell you all this 
and act upon it was a kick enough; to actually be the subject of her 
sexual fantasies and partake in them was a dream come true; let's just say 
I walked about with a perma-smile that summer, bugging the hell out of my 
grumpy old man.

On one of the hottest days of the year we both finished just after lunch 
and headed down to out favourite spot. To get there amongst the higher 
dunes we always needed to traverse the main stretch of beach – not a deep 
beach but quite long and very sandy with the rolling dunes just beginning 
to form a backdrop.

On the walk we'd usually be able to judge how busy the dunes would be – 
there were always people walking about them, either up to no good like us 
or just taking the air. You always saw the voyeurs as well, heads moving 
about like meerkats checking for predators. These were the guys I expected 
to catch us every time, but if any had then they certainly knew how to 
keep hidden – I always looked about for watchers, mildly wary but moreso 
buzzed by the idea of anyone seeing us and getting turned on; Kerry's 
enthusiasm for public sex play was catching.

That day, the beach was much busier than usual. That always made me a bit 
nervous but Kerry seemed to get the opposite effect – stimulation. As we 
hadn't indulged for nearly a week due to a rainy spell, she was incredibly 
bright-eyed and eager to get there, wearing just a bikini top and a tiny 
pair of shorts that moved beautifully as her taut ass swayed along the 
beach.

My heart leapt about a hundred yards from our destination just as we were 
climbing towards the dunes; A shout, both our names called. We looked 
about and pinpointed the source – five girls laid out on towels. It took 
me a few moments to recognise them – some of a netball youth team staying 
at the camp whilst competing in our town's annual summer invitational. The 
girls all went to a college some few hundred miles away – one that I'd 
considered and so I'd got talking to them while at work in the camp. The 
fact that most of the team was young, fit and pretty helped as well, of 
course.

Anyway, Kerry wanted to go over and talk and dragged me along. Because of 
the anticipation of some fun in the dunes I was already sporting a semi 
under my shorts so had to make moves to conceal it when stood looking down 
at five fit bodies clad in lovely little bikinis. We all had shades on, so 
I got some fun checking out the girls while they chatted mainly to Kerry.

We got an invite to join them and while the idea was pretty tempting Kerry 
knocked it back straight away, saying we had our own choice sunbathing 
spot in the dunes and had better get there before it was taken. So we 
departed with big smiles and a cheeky grin from the most outgoing of the 
girls, a brunette called Morven. I think she was their captain, maybe just 
because she was the loudest and most forthright. I might have picked her 
as captain myself just for the great figure she possessed - bigger tits 
than Kerry with hips to complete the hourglass and strong legs that had 
not a pick of excess flesh on them; perfectly toned they were. I liked her 
eyes but concealed then by shades, her pouting lips would suffice for some 
fantasising as Kerry sucked on my dick.

Kerry led the way up into the sands and minutes later we found our spot. 
It was a spacious depression some six feet down between dunes along the 
top of which some sparse bushes were spread intermittently. It gave decent 
cover and made for a hot little sunspot. After laying out towels and 
having a drink, she virtually leapt on me and started some heavy kissing. 
During this session I definitely caught sight of someone along the top of 
the dunes. Hesitating, Kerry asked what was up then stood to check it out 
when I told her. 

I lay there, a tent pitched in my shorts as she scrambled up the dune to 
peek over. It turned out it was someone – a guy who'd cruised past. She 
didn't know if he was gay or straight, she said, because he hadn't looked 
back. But the very fact he'd been there seemed enough for Kerry in her 
horned-up state. On her way back down to me she removed her bikini top to 
reveal those fabulous perky tits, nipples erect. I lay with a big grin and 
throbbing hardon. Kerry stood over me, smiling down, then slipped off her 
little white shorts.

She didn't have any underwear on – nor a bikini bottom. The look on my 
face made her grin some more as I looked right up between her taut spread 
thighs and gazed at her pussy – a lovely neat set of shaven puffy lips and 
a mound bearing a clipped triangle of dark pubic hair. Her white bikini 
lines against her sallow skin tone as the bright sunlight lit every dip 
and curve of her smooth flesh just added to my arousal.

She told me to get my cock out and let her see me jerk. I did so in record 
time. Kerry remained standing over me but rhythmically rubbed fingers 
along her own slit as I fisted my dick and fondled my balls with my other 
hand.

I could hear her juices building as her fingers squelched into her hole, 
and then saw the moisture run between her legs as her pussy became really 
wet. Kerry began to moan, concentrating more on her clit. 

Something caught my eye just behind and to the left of her – movement 
between some bushes. A head? Definitely a figure, solid but shadowed. I 
debated internally whether to tell her – I was both turned on and cautious 
about it. After a few seconds I told her in a loud whisper.

Kerry didn't stop her masturbation. I asked again whether she'd heard me. 
She groaned a yes, but said she wasn't stopping. Was it him, she asked? I 
looked again, couldn't make out the person fully because of the strong 
sunlight. Said I didn't know; possibly.

That set Kerry off. She rubbed at her pussy, moaning loudly, her hips 
swaying and tits shaking delightfully. I was still wanking but nowhere 
near cumming although my head was swimming with the events. Kerry came on 
her fingers, actually splashing some juices onto me as her legs buckled; 
that certainly made my mind up to ignore the voyeur and get some action.

I didn't need to ask. Kerry dropped to her knees and engulfed my cock with 
her soft mouth. This presented her beautiful ass and open wet gash towards 
the voyeur's position above us atop the dune.

The thought of his view was thrilling and I grasped Kerry by the hair as 
she went to work on my cock with enthusiasm, moaning her lust.

I was torn between watching her tongue lick around the bulbous head of my 
cock and glancing up to see our voyeur. I got a shock. They were moving. I 
say they because I suddenly realised there was more than one person behind 
those bushes. I counted three silhouettes. My heart thundered in my chest. 
I was more alarmed than horny. Three could be trouble. But the first true 
glimpse of our voyeurs caused me to gasp - I saw a female form lead the 
other two to a different vantage point. Definitely female. And the other 
pair definitely female also. 

They were moving round the side, I realised, in order to get a better look 
at my cock! Never mind Kerry's splendid ass and pussy – it seemed I was 
the main interest of these female voyeurs.

My mind was in turmoil. My gasps of shock then realisation were 
misinterpreted by Kerry – she took them as a sign of arousal and attacked 
my cock with more vigour. The sudden dual stimulation caught me out and I 
felt the sap rising; too quick to put a stop to it.

I announced I was about to cum in a breathless hiss. Kerry sat back, 
feeling my balls and working her hand up and down my shaft at pace. Her 
lovely face was a picture of desire as she wanked me off, guiding my 
jerking cock at her tits. I sprayed those firm orbs with jism, gasping and 
looking towards our voyeurs. They were very evident, scrambling to see 
better as I came. 

It gave them away. The sun revealed them completely. I recognised Morven 
instantly, and the other two netball girls I knew as Tina and Christine.

The wide-eyed looks on their faces were a picture. Their shock at our 
antics and then their realisation they were discovered was hilarious. They 
ducked down. I chuckled. Kerry was rubbing my cum all over her tits, 
rolling her hard nipples. She opened her hooded, lustful eyes fully, her 
expression curiosity. She followed my gaze, asked if that's where our 
voyeur was. I didn't tell her who, just nodded and smiled.

With a wicked grin, she stood up naked and ran up the dune. I don't know 
who got the biggest shock – Kerry or the netball girls; they all shrieked. 
Kerry dropped to the sands, a picture of succulent nudity on the slope, 
all bubble butt and long legs.

I laughed, called out they'd been caught. Kerry stood up, initial fright 
replaced by a something approaching anger. She demanded the girls get over 
the edge and down into our hollow. 

Two of them did, Morven leading the way trying not to appear embarrassed 
or sheepish. The third ran off, which had Kerry laughing.

I made a scrambled attempt to cover my subsiding dick with my shorts as 
Morven stalked down the sloping dune towards me, her firm legs flexing and 
glistening under the sun, her full tits quivering nicely. Behind her, 
carrying their bags was Tina, another tall slim netball chick. The great 
thing about them was that they all had long, lithe legs and looked damn 
fit. Tina didn't quite have a chest to match Morven's but her little tits 
were nice and firm beneath a yellow bikini. She did have a very sweet 
face, however, all light brown flicked hair and innocent eyes. She shot me 
a dazzling, if somewhat embarrassed smile as they all approached.

Kerry was defiantly naked, and due to her smearing my cum all over her 
chest then diving down onto the sand bank, her torso was covered in sand 
which made her tits and nipples look sculpted from the stuff. When she 
came right up to me I could still see the shine of her pussy juices all 
around her crotch and her labia were still aroused and swollen. I felt my 
cock twitch again as the three girls stood around me.

Morven offered profuse apologies to us, Tina seconding. They had followed 
our trail up to see what the dunes were like when the other two girls on 
the beach with them had decided to go back to the camp for a snack. The 
third netball voyeur, a statuesue blonde called Christine whom I'd cast an 
appreciative eye over during my camp work, had lost her nerve and ran upon 
discovery, offering them a lame excuse about having to meet up with some 
guy. 

Kerry's indignation had subsided a bit and she joked at Christine's panic 
and told the girls that she'd thought they were male at first. Morven 
asked a few questions about our exploits and we got into a conversation 
about voyeuring, open-air sex and how much fun it all was. Kerry crouched 
beside me and told the two girls to sit down because we didn't want to 
attract even more attention from the busy beach. 

It was kind of surreal, me sitting there with a cock approaching 
semi-erection once more, covered only by my loosely-placed bunched-up 
shorts. Every time I glanced to the side, Kerry's squatting position gave 
me sight of her wet pussy, lips gaping apart, clit budding from its hood. 
I suspected she was enjoying this exposue more than she might admit, even 
though it was two girls who'd joined us. Her nipples were solid and her 
face flushed not just with the heat.

I forced my eyes ahead at the two netball payers but there wasn't much 
there to quell my ardour either – both in bikinis with fine, toned bodies 
and Morven sitting legs akimbo, her small stripy bikini bottoms more the 
wicked weasel variety than knickers. When she squirmed to get more 
comfortable in the sand I got a fabulous camel-toe as her bikini pulled up 
tight between what looked like a very defined set of pussy lips. Tina, 
more nervous and unsure of where to look, sat with her knees up, arms 
folded on top.

Morven asked if we always came up there – got our story of how it was our 
little private love nest. She joked that it wasn't that private at all was 
it? This opened up a conversation about Kerry's kink for being naked in 
the open air and the fun that it gave her. Morven commented on her 
uninhibited pose, not bothering to cover up. I asked that surely the 
netball girls were naked around one another in the changing rooms and 
showers, etc. They agreed it happened frequently, yes, but there was never 
a sexual connotation like there was being naked amongst sand dunes.

To my surprise it was the shyer Tina who asked if we sunbathed naked all 
the time. Because we usually got naked and had sex, our lust-driven nudity 
would end up with a nude sunbathing session so we had to say yes, but not 
always intended.

Then Kerry popped the killer question: "If you want to know what it's 
like, then why don't you try it?" she fired at them.

Two things happened then – my eyes popped wide open and my dick visibly 
moved under the shorts. Morven giggled. Kerry laughed and said, "Oh don't 
mind Andy. He's used to naked women on the beach. . ."

Morven looked me square in the eye, tossed her brunette locks and gave a 
wicked pout, slyly asking me, "Will you go naked as well, Andy?"

I smiled, looked down at the shorts, my only covering and shot back, "I am 
already. . ."

Tina said she was worried about anyone hearing about it. Kerry told her 
not to be stupid – that we hardly wanted anyone back at the camp to know 
so why would we tell anyone else? I nodded like a hungry dog. I'd have 
nodded at anything right then, just to see how far the girls would go.

The two netball girls had to agree. I took a quick glance at Kerry – noted 
to my wonder and arousal that she was now kneeling up and her parted 
thighs made her pussy's state highly noticeable – her cunt was open and 
wet; I could see her pink inner lips splayed. I realised then that this 
situation was having a dramatic effect on her. She was still highly 
aroused and despite the newcomers being female, I suspected Kerry was just 
buzzed to have been caught naked in any case.

Now she had the further motivation of seeing how far these voyeurs would 
go when the tables were turned. She dared Morven to take her bikini off. 
Morven narrowed her eyes and asked what kind of effect that would have on 
me. Kerry told her she'd take care of that.

I was sat there thinking if I much liked being two horny chicks plaything; 
I decided I did, after about two milliseconds, when Morven untied her 
bikini top, dropped it with a sexy smile and revealed those two marvellous 
globes, each big, firm only the way a young woman's can be with two small 
aureole yet nipples very thick and prominent. Her white bits were pure as 
snow. Eyes turned to Tina, who looked at first like she might bottle it 
but with a sigh, slowly loosed her own top and kept both tits covered by 
her hands.

"Come on, said Morven," and Tina showed us her little pale tits with two 
jutting pink nipples longer than either Kerry's or Morven's.

I was asked if the girls' met with my approval. Of course, I agreed with a 
big smile and nod of my head – I couldn't find my voice to speak.

Kerry squeezed my cock through the shorts, got me rising towards full 
length again. Morven gave a giggle, Tina covered her mouth with her hand. 
Morven's big tits shook and settled. She said that she only ever went 
topless abroad and that this was quite exciting. Kerry and Tina agreed, 
chatted about the freedom of it.

My cock throbbed as they declared their fondness for nudity, whilst 
Morven's camel-toe held my gaze. She saw me, asked cheekily if they should 
take off their bikini knickers as well.

I wasn't about to be denied the greatest thrill of my young life so I 
managed to speak and seriously stated that they really should experience 
fresh-air nakedness, and that there was nothing to worry about. 

The netball girls looked at one another. Then Morven gazed at Kerry – 
taking in her sandy torso and lovely wet pussy I noted. She asked Kerry if 
it really was worth it. Kerry bade her try it herself and find out. With a 
theatrical sigh - intended to tease me, I reckoned – Morven placed her 
legs together, pulled her knees up and slipped her bikini bottoms right 
down and off those sculpted pins. She tossed them aside but held her 
position so that her legs and feet tantalisingly covered her tits and 
pussy; it was agonising for me and my dick ached at the sight. Morven shot 
me a naughty wink. Kerry laughed.

Tina was told to follow suit. I think Morven being the team captain and 
from what I'd seen the most assertive of the netball girls, had an effect. 
Tina, already nervous with her topless state, looked mortified at the 
initial thought of full nudity. But seeing Morven's pose she relented and 
with a pearly-white smile, copied her captain. She gave a long, fluttery 
breath as she manoeuvred her bikini knickers off. But her legs were longer, 
more fawn-like and her co-ordination more awkward. 

It was the perfect recipe to give me a mindblowing sight – she didn't 
quite manage the same degree of coverage Morven had as she removed her 
knickers. Her calves and ankles were not synchronised, and parted while she 
peeled the bikini off her feet. I was granted the heart-quickening, 
dick-bursting view of Tina's bare pussy bulging from between her 
butt-cheeks. For a slim girl her cunt was meaty, full outer labia and 
equally large inner labia which protruded, surrounded by a closely-cropped 
light-brown bush around the lips and a surprisingly thick curly triangle 
on her mound. She even rocked back slightly, making an annoyed little 
straining growl as she fiddled with her troublesome bikini. This gave a 
quick flash of her puckered little anus and forced her big pussy open just 
slightly – but enough for me to notice the glisten of moisture under the 
dazzling, but wonderfully revealing sunlight.



Kerry laughed, Morven too, teasing Tina about her lack of guile and 
abundance of hair. She blushed, put two hands over her pussy, only 
succeeding in also squeezing her great little tits together.

Kerry told her not to worry, that everyone was cool about it. I smiled on, 
in heaven to be surrounded by three nude young things. The sexual tension 
was growing, along with my dick which I felt might split if it throbbed 
any harder. I had to keep adjusting the shorts as inconspicuously as I 
could while the girls shared feelings about being totally naked in a 
public place. I though about turning over but didn't want to miss anything 
– they'd already seen me come over Kerry's tits so what the heck would I 
be hiding anyway? I was glad I didn't when Morven – still adopting her coy 
pose – asked Tina to pass her towel because she didn't want to sit naked 
on the hot sand too long.

The added thrill came when Tina turned round to dig their towels out of 
the bags and inadvertently presented a full doggy pose to Kerry and I – 
exactly the same position Kerry had been in when they first discovered her 
blowing me.

This time it was us who got an incredible view of Tina's tight ass and 
fleshy cunt which looked even more meaty than my first glimpse – there was 
a definite gleam of moisture along her folds now, some small hairs matted 
to her outer labia. 

I was sporting major wood, as you can understand. Kerry slipped her hand 
under my shorts, grasped my dick and asked, "Oh, you like the view then, 
Andy?" I took my eyes from Tina's cunt to Kerry's open wet gash and back 
again, saying, "Like a starving man at a barbecue."

Tina realised what we were talking about, looked round, blushed and gnawed 
her bottom lip, smiling and muttering, "Oh, hell. Sorry. Sorry. . ." She 
handed Morven her towel and wriggled back to face us, sitting down on her 
own towel.

"Don't be sorry," smiled Kerry. "Look what it's doing to Andy. . ." And 
with that she simply cast off my shorts, baring my pulsing cock to the two 
of them, Kerry's hand starting to travel up and down my shaft with 
delicious slow strokes.

I gasped, groaned and breathed heavily all at once, grimacing as the 
urgency took me.

Morven shrieked with delight, then said, "I'll fix my towel for him now, 
will I?" I wondered what she meant, but soon understood as she now turned 
onto all-fours and flattened her towel out, spreading her toned legs as 
well in the process to show off her bald beaver. I was right about the 
pussy lips I had seen in her camel-toe – they were large, puffy and neat, 
covering all detail of her cunt. A slim slit dissected this perfectly 
symmetrical pussy and her bare ass crack set off two lovely firm cheeks. 
Morven looked back with a sexy wink and Kerry hooted with laughter.

"Is this what you guys do all the time you come here?" Tina asked to my 
surprise, looking straight at Kerry's hand pumping my cock. 

"Oh, yeah," replied my girl, "There's nothing better."

Precum had slipped out and Kerry spread it around the head, shining up my 
dick. I thought it looked cool. Morven certainly did. She faced us again, 
only yards away and made no pretence of letting her thighs fall apart, 
showing me her shaven haven. "I think it's awesome," she said. "I'd love 
to live in a place like this and do this every summer."

"An open-air orgasm's the best in the world. Isn't it, Andy?" Kerry 
laughed.

I wasn't going to argue – here I was getting my dick jerked by my hot 
girlfriend who seemed to enjoy showing off to the two naked babes watching 
on. I really just wanted to shut up and take it all in. but I nodded and 
grunted agreement, reaching out a hand to sink a finger into Kerry's 
sopping pussy.

Kerry took it as a sign. She moaned, looked at the two girls, smiled, 
said, "Hell, I've got to finish what we started earlier," and threw a leg 
right over me. She guided my cock straight to her cunt and sank down on 
me, taking my full length –an average, modest 6-7 inches – in one go. 

I raised myself up on my elbows as Kerry started to ride me, rubbing her 
firm tits and nipples against my chest, her face buried in my shoulder, 
losing herself in her arousal – I guessed she'd been holding back a bit as 
she talked with the girls but no she was determined to do as she'd said 
and finish what we started. She was moaning, cursing, grinding, tossing 
her hair and luxuriating in me running my hands over her body. Sand fell 
over me as I massaged her tits, feeling the hard nipples roll under me 
palms. Kerry's juices ran over my balls.

I knew the two netball girls had an angle up from my feet so their view 
was of Kerry's ass rising and falling, and of course my cock thrusting up 
into her open cunt. After a minute – felt like about three hours – I 
looked round, keen to see these two sexy voyeurs' reaction.

What I saw was them in action. Life had never been sharper or sweeter than 
that moment when I gazed past the teenage hottie riding my aching cock to 
see another two watching on with dazed, highly-aroused expressions, and 
noticing what they were up to.

Morven was unabashed – leaning back, supported on one elbow, spread wide, 
a hand flicking furiously over her clitoris. Her long, wide labia were 
looser, folding open under the clit stimulation and her wet inner pink 
peeked through. Her big firm tits quivered and shook violently with her 
frenzied masturbation. She was fixed on the join of mine an Kerry's 
bodies, eyes locked on my pumping cock, on my jostling ballsack. I felt an 
incredible buzz.

Tina saw me looking. She too was watching our coupling intently, leaning 
more forward than Morven, her little boobs still squeezed togehter, topped 
by those long puckered nipples. But as our eyes met, that devilment I'd 
only glimpsed earlier shone right through, boosted by the sexual tension. 
She had both hands over her hairy pussy. She very deliberately opened her 
thighs and parted her fingers some to let my gaze find it's target – that 
meatiest of pussies on this slim girl's body. And how her cunt was in 
control – a soaking reddened flush of glistening labia and matted hair. 
And her fingers worked between those folds and into her gaping pink hole. 
Tina made sure I was watching, pulled her lips apart to show me that deep 
pink and to expose her thick nub of a clit which she rolled lustfully 
between her slim digits.

Kerry broke our communion by screeching that she was cumming, falling off 
me and attacking her own pussy as it contracted in orgasm.

It kind of caught me out - I think she wanted me to shoot over her, but I 
was in a wonderful sexual trance watching these three horny chicks get 
off. Not only that, but I was sure I'd seen another head somewhere up on 
the dune above us. Were the voyeurs now being voyeured? The thought of 
what someone might be seeing was stunning. But at Kerry's voice I 
instinctively grabbed my cock anyway and jerked it as I rose up to my 
knees.

Tina yelped and groaned as she saw me wank. She pushed a good few fingers 
into her wide cunt and rubbed and pinched her clit with her free hand, all 
the while bucking on the sand as her orgasm crashed in.

I was damn close, looming over Kerry's gorgeous naked body, her hands now 
rubbing gently along the sides of her pussy lips as her own orgasm 
subsided. But she still gazed at me hungrily and demanded I cum all over 
her.

A voice by my side asked breathless, but amazingly politely, "Kerry, is it 
okay if I do it?" It was Morven, scrambling up next to me, those awesome 
tits squeezing soft, smooth hot flesh and erect nipples against my body 
and arm, a delicate hand reaching for my cock whilst her other continued 
to play with her own pussy.

"Hurry! Go on!" Kerry growled with a fierce, lustful glare. 

I sucked in a long breath as Morven's hand replaced mine and the feeling 
of her firm yet gentle jerking of my cock was tremendous.

Kerry attacked her clit again and asked me to blow over her now. I groaned 
that I was near, and Morven speeded up her delicious hand movements.

I took the chance to thrust a hand into Morven's crotch too – go to return 
the favour, y'know? – and joined her own fingers in exploring her wet 
pussy. Lovely and smooth and wet I remember it feeling, and also the 
sensation of her fingers working alongside mine – she was damn close to 
cumming and wasn't prepared to relinquish her cunt to my sole 
manipulations. So the intense experience of feeling a girl's pussy 
contract around both her and my fingers was incredible and mine to savour. 


Morven almost howled as she convulsed and came but was still able to wank 
me off beautifully. I shot string after string of cum all over Kerry; such 
a pleasurable experience that I could have passed out happily.

There were gasps and laughter all round while we all recovered. The girls 
covered up a bit too quick for my liking but I wasn't going to complain. I 
checked for the additional voyeur on the dune but whoever it had been was 
gone.

I hope you enjoyed this tale from a past summer. I left out much of the 
dialogue in order to make it a compact, more readable length, but as I 
remember it, the story's written as true to what happened as I could 
manage. I'll read all comments with interest and appreciate any votes you 
deem the story worthy of. If it's liked well enough I'll write up the 
further incident which occurred that week before the netball girls went 
home; definitely among the best experiences of my time. You can let me 
know. Cheers.