Chrissy slept in like usual that Saturday. For the first time that summer she was off from the pool she lifeguarded at. No alarm for today and getting up a little after 10 am, she showered, ate a bowl of sugary cereal and settled down to watch 50 Shades of Grey for the 100th time.
Other than hang out with her best friend later she had no plans. So, Chrissy was a wee bit surprised by Vanessa's appearance when she opened the door to a whole new woman. Chrissy didn't know what it was but Vanessa looked the same, spoke the same but, over all she was not the same woman she had known since middle school.
For one thing instead of their regular quick hug or high five greeting, Vanessa in her usual baggy t shirt and long skirt with Birkenstock sandals; gave her an open mouthed kiss and squeezed her ample breasts while rubbing her hardening nipples which caused Chrissy to gasp in slight shock.
Vanessa held her in her arms and hugged her tighter and told her, "I love being your friend so much! I have so much to tell you!"
Chrissy smiled and in admiration says, "What the fuck bookworm? Do tell!"
For the next 2 hours Chrissy held in her doubts as Vanessa described what she experienced earlier last week at the Newman's and again a few times individually with each partner, as she had an open invitation to visit whenever she wanted. Chrissy had a hard time believing this. She knew Vanessa would never lie to her and the further
Vanessa went on describing how she could now deep throat a cock, love getting pounded doggy style, eat out a woman and make love to a partner with everything she had to exhaustion and keep on going is where Chrissy had to put her foot down and call bull shit!
"There is no way anything of this you told me is true! Did you let that creep Larry you work with in the library feel up you up in the back of the storage room and study Porn Hub for the rest of this nonsense? There is no way my sweet innocent friend who I tell all my trashy sex life to (to make you blush), is a dirty fucking cock slut now?" You are pulling my leg... What the fuck?"
Chrissy laughed for a good bit while Vanessa laughed with her just as loud until Vanessa grabbed Chrissy's hand and gave her a deep wicked little grin that Chrissy stopped laughing and looked at her old friend in a new light.
"I figured you wouldn't believe me! So, it's a good thing you had me plan what we are going to do today. I promise, this will be way better than the movie and sushi I was
originally going to have us do."
Chrissy immediately says, "What the fuck bookworm? What have you got me into?"
Smiling ear to ear? Vanessa grabs her the hand and leads her out the door to her Toyota Corolla. Before Chrissy has closed the door, Vanessa already pulled away from the curb and had shifted into 2nd gear to lead her old friend into new temptations she has never known before.
Vanessa didn't speed but was somewhat aggressive in her driving, as she drove to the Newman's house and pulled up in the guest parking area. Leading her by the hand Vanessa took Chrissy around the back where Gavin was shirtless cleaning up the spa tub. Chrissy looked at Gavin, who Vanessa never hesitated in giving him a huge hug and kiss on the lips as they spoke to each other like they knew each other for ages.
Chrissy actually felt shy as Vanessa pulled her over to meet Gavin. Chrissy could see the man in the flesh but what she had in her mind was this older mature man being with her sweet innocent bookworm girlie in every imaginal way sexually and frankly it blew her fucking mind.
Gavin could see Vanessa beaming, like a proud parent, introducing her friend to him. Vanessa had already cleared it with Cassidy and Gavin that she had a friend she wanted to "introduce them to."
Gavin saw before him a striking full figured blonde woman who was tan all over and curvy in all the right places. Standing taller than Vanessa by a head at 5'6"and having firm D cup breasts and a firm taught ass of an athlete. Chrissy's hair was in a loose bun on the top of her head and she wore gym shorts and a sports bra with a sleeveless top. Her sun warmed flesh never did hide her dimples that showed up as she smiled at the muscles she could see on Gavin's hairy exposed chest.
"What are the two of you up to today," Gavin asked, winking at the girls?
"Oh, nothing much," Vanessa replied in a fake innocent manner while blinking her eyes and putting one leg up after brushing it back and forth on the deck, laughing.
Chrissy says, "Don't look at me," laughing as Vanessa acting up, "I was brought here against my will."
"Well," Gavin said, nodding towards the hot tub or their above ground pool that are both connected to the Newman's large rear deck, "the waters fine if you want to take a dip in either pool."
Vanessa looks to her to see what she will do and Chrissy stammers, "I don't have a swim suit with me."
"When has that ever stopped you," Chrissy heard from her friend laughing loudly as Vanessa is already getting undressed, stepping out of her skirt, bare above the waist except for her bra heading toward the hot tub. Chrissy shakes her head as she raises her shirt off and drops her shorts following Vanessa into water. Gavin joins them in trunks, he was already wearing, after handing each of them cold water bottles from the cooler near by.
Gavin sits on the opposite side of Chrissy while putting his arm around her on the rim of the hot tub. "Do you like it," Gavin asks both ladies?
Both say they do. "We just opened both pools up for the season last weekend."
Vanessa smiles and then proceeds to share how she got to help Gavin open them up from winterization but for some reason it took Gavin longer to do it with her help.
"Maybe it was because of you needed too many 'rest breaks," Gavin says with a hardy laugh.
With a shocked and then devious expression on her face, Chrissy's mind knows what they kind of sexual innuendo they are inferring to and all the sudden the truth of everything Vanessa told her come crashing into focus. Chrissy begins to feel the heat of the tub get to her as the mental pictures form in her head that her little bookworm has more than book knowledge about sex and that she will probably not be able to walk well after leaving here this evening as the three of them see the LED lights around the deck come on, highlighting the large privacy fence, that encircles their small well maintained yard.
Chrissy feels Vanessa's arm move toward her back as Gavin begins kissing her neck. "I don't know about you Gavin, but Chrissy is a bit over dressed," says Vanessa as she deftly lifts ups Chrissy's sports bra over her head and begins kneading and caressing Chrissy's sun darkened breasts.
Gavin breaks his attention on Chrissy's neck, as the bra comes past his face, to kiss Chrissy full on the mouth. Chrissy despite the contrary is feeling a bit overwhelmed. Not that she has any problem with what is happening right now but deeper down she doesn't still believe it. Gavin and Vanessa for one thing are taking their time. Chrissy in her loud and boisterous nature is used to hard and fast. Get what you want and get out. Here Chrissy now has time to process everything. And to be honest she isn't complaining, just running through these thoughts in her head.
Gavin especially surprises her as he not going below the shoulders at all yet with his hands. From prior experiences, past men have been on her tits an ass with in seconds. Here nice and easy is not deafeningly slow at all but is leading to "the long play" as her field hockey coach once spoke about in high school referring to game strategy.
Chrissy feels herself being manipulated bodily from both partners. Vanessa pulls Chrissy against her own chest, where Chrissy's back now rests against the naked 42 DD chest of her friend, who is kissing her neck and shoulders while she continues to squeeze and pull Chrissy's large pencil wide nipples. Gavin makes his way down the front of her body with his mouth. He takes her right breast in and sucking on it softly and then more forcefully as he eases off her panties with his other hand as Chrissy's body floats up to allow access to her lower half.
Chrissy's hands begin to roam all over Gavin's body. Chrissy feels the strong muscles on his back and shoulders. Vanessa's attention to her sensitive breasts and nipples is causing electric shots of pleasure to move down her body causing her clit to harden in excitement. Gavin now holds Chrissy by her thighs, spreading her legs apart as he moves his mouth toward her bald exposed pussy. Gavin wastes no time tongue kissing her wet hole, biting on her labia, while continuously avoiding her clit.
Chrissy arches her back and moans deep and loud. Gavin is in no hurry. He takes his time licking her from asshole on up, feasting on this feisty blonde, who he is taming with his tongue. By now the trio has left the hot tub and is laying on the smooth treks decking surrounding the pools.
Gavin and Vanessa switch out, as Vanessa grins mischievously at Chrissy, between her legs. Chrissy sees Gavin's hard 6" cock and takes it hungrily into her mouth. Where Gavin held back, Vanessa goes in for the kill, immediately flicking Chrissy's clit and pushing two fingers in and out of her friend and rubbing on her ribbed g spot. Chrissy licks up and down Gavin's shaft and starts taking the head of his cock into her mouth. Gavin kneads and caresses Chrissy's breasts.
Chrissy pulls his cock out of her mouth and tells him, "I like it rough, you're being too gentle with me."
So, Gavin thrusts hard into her mouth as Chrissy coughs and slightly gags around his cock. The look of pleasure and passion across her face is plain for both lovers to see.
Gavin then stops face fucking Chrissy and lays on his back, motioning for Vanessa to come sit on his face. Vanessa gladly obliges leaving Gavin's hard wet cock free standing. Vanessa moves Chrissy a top Gavin's cock and holds his shaft steady as Chrissy impales herself on it. As Gavin feasts on his Vanessa's well trimmed pussy he feels a tight warm wetness enveloping his hard cock as Chrissy begins to fuck him cowgirl style. Both girls reach out to the other to play with the others breasts and kiss each other.
Vanessa so loves the pleasure that Chrissy is receiving from Gavin and herself. Nothing about this day is for herself but for her friend who needs to know what a good man can do when he truly loves and care for his partner. Vanessa loves what his mouth is doing to her sex. By now Gavin knows what rhythms her body enjoys and it was not so long ago that Gavin had her from behind at this very place on their last "work break," last weekend.
Chrissy is going as fast as she can fucking Gavin but, knows she is close to cumming. Chrissy begins to almost release his cock from her pussy, but instead slows her speed and comes down harder and deeper on Gavin's cock. She swears his cock head is almost entering her cervix as she moves in such away that she makes sure her g spot is rubbed as she comes on the up stroke.
Vanessa is rubbing her clit furiously as she suckles on Chrissy's breasts sending shot waves of pleasure all through Chrissy's body. Chrissy can barely stand it any longer. She looks down and feels Vanessa mouth coming off her breast slightly as she grinds her sex into Gavin's face and loudly moans into her friends breast, as her own long held in orgasm comes out which causes Chrissy to come down hard one more time, her kegel muscles squeezing Gavin for all he was worth as she let out a wild feral scream cumming all over his cock.
Gavin feels his balls tighten and knows he is getting close to blowing his seed into this blonde's tight pussy. Not knowing if she is on the pill or not, Gavin allows both girls to shakily get up and kneel into front of him as he stands between them. His cock is soaked with Chrissy's love juices. Vanessa eagerly takes him in her mouth and savors the taste of Chrissy on Gavin's cock and balls. Chrissy runs her open mouth up and down Gavin's shaft as Vanessa lets him out of her mouth with a light audible "pop" as Chrissy takes over jerking Gavin off while taking his cock into her mouth as both ladies switch on and off sucking on him.
Gavin can feel he can hold back no longer and tells them, "Look out girls, I am going to cum," as he moans when both back off of his cock that is inches from their faces.
Vanessa and Chrissy each look at each other as if to say "it's up to you?" Chrissy opens her mouth wide as Gavin lets out a long gasping moan as he erupts into her mouth with the first two ropes of his seed. Gavin backs away in relief as he coats Chrissy's face and chest with four more ropes of white pearls as she jerks him off to satisfaction. Cum is leaking out of her lips as she kisses Vanessa. Both girls spreads his cum all over Chrissy's body.
All three of them are a hot sweaty cum soaked mess. Gavin opens the patio door and all three collect their clothes and head inside. Vanessa throws everyone laundry in the washer while Chrissy and Gavin wait for her in the large basement shower. Gavin turns the water on to hot as Chrissy and Vanessa help Gavin clean up after their backyard adventures together.
After exiting the shower, all their clothes go in the dryer as the three head into the guest bedroom next to the shower, where Chrissy turns the tables on Vanessa and Gavin. But alas ladies and gentlemen that tale is for another time.