Entry tags:

fandom: cw rps, fic: miss(ter) congeniality, genre: au, genre: crack, genre: humor, genre: prompt/challenge response, genre: romance, pairing: jared/jensen, rating: nc-17

By the time Jensen made it backstage, everyone was in the final stages of preparation for the talent competition. People were running around in a chaotic mess, gathering props, putting on costumes, and rehearsing, but Jensen was in a state of panic. He didn't know how to apply all the stage make up Jared usually made him wear, so he hadn't bothered trying. His stomach was in knots at the thought of having to perform for the packed auditorium. His fingers felt numb and sluggish on the guitar strings, and he couldn't even get the damn thing in tune. To top it all off, Jensen just couldn't seem to focus. It was hard enough trying to concentrate with all the activity backstage, but instead of notes and lyrics, Jensen's thoughts kept coming back to potential suspect lists and the look on Jared's face right before he'd left.

"Hey, Jensen, have you seen my lighter?" Tom appeared out of nowhere just as Jensen struck another bad chord. Jensen eyed Tom in his black outfit with sequined flames running down the sides, then just shook his head silently in answer. Tom frowned before heading off to continue the search, leaving Jensen to question his own wardrobe choice.

Jensen had chosen comfort over fashion, since he was nervous and fidgety enough without adding an itchy shirt to the mix. He was wearing his favorite jeans and a simple, faded blue tee that had been worn soft in the wash. The jeans had a small rip at the knee, but he'd had them for so long that they'd molded to fit his body like a glove. It wasn't exactly the elaborate costumes everyone else was wearing, but Jensen knew he'd feel even more ridiculous in some flashy outfit made of rainbow sequins. He wondered if Jared would have made him wear something like that, smiling that big goofy smile and laughing at Jensen behind his eyes.

A guy walked by in a Shakespearian costume, quoting Hamlet to himself, and Jensen struck another chord that sounded like a howling cat. Cursing, he hung his head and ran a sweaty palm through his hair. He couldn't do this. He would go out there and it would be just like last time. His heart would pound, he would break out in a cold sweat, and he'd freeze up, only this time it would be on national television. Even as he thought about it, Jensen could feel the wave of panic start to rise in his chest, and his breathing started to pick up. There was too much activity, too many people, and Jensen needed to get some space before he hyperventilated and passed out.

Practically ripping the guitar off his shoulder, Jensen made a beeline for the nearest restroom and banged the door open with his fist. The room was about the size of a large closet, with a toilet and a sink and paint peeling in one corner by the door. He splashed ice cold water on his face and leaned over the sink, trying to get his breathing back under control. When he thought he could feel his heartbeat begin to slow, he hazarded a glance in the mirror. What he saw there made his heart start to pound all over again.

Jared stood behind him, an uncertain smile on his face as he stared at Jensen's reflection. He looked like he'd come straight from the airport. He was wearing a wrinkled white button down, shirt tails hanging out over an old pair of jeans, and ratty flip flops. Jensen thought he'd never looked better.

"You okay?" Jared asked. "For a minute there I thought I'd have to break out the smelling salts," he said, motioning to the bag hanging at his side.

For a long second, Jensen couldn't do anything but stare. When he finally found his voice, he said, "Is there anything you don't have in that bag?"

One corner of Jared's mouth inched a fraction higher. "Not really. I've got pretty much everything you might ever need in here." As if to prove it, he reached into the bag and pulled out a bottle of makeup. "We'd better get started," he said hesitantly.

He opened the bottle and took a small step forward, not meeting Jensen's eyes. But when he reached up towards Jensen's face, Jensen grabbed his wrist. Jared's eyes found Jensen's curiously, but all Jensen could think to say was a quiet, "You'll miss your flight."

Jared shrugged with one shoulder, but his eyes never left Jensen's. "I already did," he replied just as quietly.

They continued to stare at each other for several long moments, until finally Jensen felt a slow smile creep over his face. "Thanks," he said, then watched an answering grin deepen the dimples on Jared's face. Jensen had to bite his lip to hold in the ridiculous giggle he could feel bubbling up in his chest.

Their eyes never left each other's as Jared applied Jensen's stage makeup. Jensen settled into the soothing, now familiar feeling of Jared's fingers on his face, his neck, in his hair. He had to bite back a whine of protest when he could tell Jared was nearing the end of the routine. He hated the thought that after today, he'd never feel Jared touch him like this again.

Jared seemed just as reluctant as Jensen was to finish, letting his fingers stay curled around the nape of Jensen's neck as he looked thoughtfully over Jensen's face. When he once more reached for his bag, Jensen was surprised to see the small dark pencil Jared withdrew. "Final touch," he explained to Jensen's furrowed brow. "Look up," he instructed.

Jensen flicked his eyes to the ceiling, and Jared dragged the tip of the eyeliner over the rim of Jensen's bottom lids. One of Jared's big, warm hands was cupping Jensen's jaw, holding him steady, and it took all of Jensen's willpower not to curl into the touch like a cat. Jared was so close, hovering inches away from where Jensen was pressed back against the edge of the sink. All Jensen had to do was shift a little closer and their hips would be perfectly aligned.

"Close your eyes." Jensen did as instructed, and Jared repeated the process on his upper lids. In the sudden blackness, everything seemed sharper. Jensen could smell Jared's skin, like sweat and recycled air from the airplane, and the lingering hint of his shampoo. He could feel Jared's breath on his face in warm, gentle puffs, and he knew if he just tipped his head up a little more he could capture Jared's mouth with his.

In that moment, Jensen made a decision. Jared and Sandy had been right before; Jensen never went after the things he wanted. He'd spent most of his life with his head buried in the sand, too scared to take a chance on himself or the people around him. But he knew if he didn't at least try, if he didn't take a chance with Jared, he'd always regret it.

Jared smudged the kohl over Jensen's lids with the pads of his thumbs, then said, "Okay, open your eyes." The instant Jensen locked eyes with Jared he laid everything bare, let heat filter into his gaze, and tried to let Jared see everything he'd kept hidden from the rest of the world. He didn't even realize his hand had settled onto Jared's hip until he felt it fist in Jared's shirt with the force of his want.

At first, Jared didn't react. Jensen tensed and held his breath, afraid of the moment when Jared might turn away, a polite rejection on his lips. A second later, something in Jared's gaze shifted, and Jensen felt like he was burning up inside just from the hunger in Jared's eyes. Jared let out a noise somewhere between a moan and a growl and instantly pulled Jensen into a scorching kiss.

Jared's mouth was soft and warm, and Jensen was momentarily blindsided by how right it felt. He sucked Jared's bottom lip into his mouth. It tasted sweet, like cherry flavored chapstick. His hands tangled in Jared's hair, threading through the silky brown locks the way he'd been wanting since the first day they met. Jared's arms wrapped around Jensen with surprising strength, bringing their bodies flush. The edge of the sink was digging into Jensen's ass, but their hips slotted together perfectly, and Jensen got hard so fast it gave him a headrush. He clutched at Jared's shoulders for balance, seeing spots dance behind his eyelids.

Jared kissed him like a drowning man gasping for air. Jensen kissed back with just as much desperation, opening his mouth to let Jared slide in. A moan rumbled deep in Jensen's chest, and Jared slipped long fingers under the edge of Jensen's shirt. It felt like Jensen had been waiting forever for Jared to put his hands on Jensen's skin. When one broad palm skimmed up the length of his spine, rucking his shirt up in its wake, Jensen felt the cool air on his hot skin and shivered.

Jared's mouth descended on Jensen's neck, trailing from his jaw to his collarbone, and Jensen's head fell backwards in a quiet gasp. Jensen's head swam as Jared kissed and sucked the sensitive line of his throat. He couldn't seem to get close enough to Jared. He brought one hand up to cradle the back of Jared's neck, holding him tight against Jensen's pulse point. His legs parted a little further in almost unconscious invitation. Jared rumbled a half-formed curse into Jensen's neck as he pressed in further with a small rock of his hips, letting Jensen feel the hard length practically throbbing with heat alongside Jensen's.

Jensen sucked in a harsh breath and seriously considered the pros and cons of just coming in his pants. It wasn't until he considered the possibility of going out on stage with a giant wet spot on his jeans that he came crashing back to reality. "Jay, wait." It was the last thing he wanted to do, but Jensen gently extricated himself from Jared's embrace, holding Jared's face between his hands and meeting glassy, confused eyes. "We can't—I have to go perform soon. I have enough trouble onstage as it is, I can't go out there if I'm all…" He waved his hand vaguely in the direction of his crotch. "…tense," he finished.

Jared blinked, but then a wicked smirk slowly lit up his face and his eyes took on a devious glint. Leaning close, his breath ghosted over the shell of Jensen's ear as he whispered, "I think I have the perfect idea to help you relax." Then he slid down the length of Jensen's body, going to his knees. His fingers slipped under the waistband of Jensen's jeans, and the sight of Jared looking up at him, cheeks flushed and lips wet, killed any further protest Jensen might have made.

"Oh, fuck," Jensen breathed, but it sounded more like, Yes. Please. One corner of Jared's mouth lifted in victory. Fingertips skirted along the edge of Jensen's jeans, pushing the hem of his shirt up, and then Jared leaned in to nip lightly at the skin just below Jensen's navel. Jensen let out an embarrassing whimper as Jared licked soothingly at the patch of skin, then tugged at the button of Jensen's fly. Jared reached one giant hand into Jensen's pants and pulled out his aching cock, wrapping long fingers around the shaft and thumbing the moisture at the tip. Jensen screwed his eyes shut and gripped the edge of the sink with white knuckles. But as amazing as it felt, it was nothing compared to when Jared wrapped the hot, wet, furnace of his mouth over the head of Jensen's cock and started sucking.

Jensen's breath exploded from his chest in a harsh sigh. Jensen always got quiet during really good sex, becoming so incoherent he was lucky if he even remembered to breathe. But Jared seemed to be just the opposite. He hummed as he swirled his tongue around the head, moaning loud and long as he took Jensen's length into his mouth. Jensen stroked his fingers through Jared's hair, tugging lightly at the base of his skull. He tried to say Jared's name, but all that came out was an unintelligible whisper of a sound. Jensen felt like all the air had been stolen from his lungs. His thighs quivered under Jared's palms as Jared hollowed out his cheeks, working his tongue along the underside of Jensen's cock with each stroke. Jensen's panting breaths were drowned out by the continual needy, happy little moans Jared made, and it was too much, it had been too long, and this was Jared, and oh god.

Jared wrapped one strong arm around Jensen's hips and pulled him all the way into Jared's throat, scratching blunt nails across the base of Jensen's spine, and that was it. He was gone, coming so hard it was blinding, Jared swallowing him down and sucking lightly through the aftershocks. Jared stood quickly, pulling Jensen into a fierce kiss and parting his lips so Jensen could taste himself on Jared's tongue. Jared's arms were like iron bands around Jensen's chest as Jared mumbled disjointed, half-formed phrases against Jensen's lips. "God, Jen. I wanna—in you—" Jensen's only answer was to pull Jared into another desperate, come-flavored kiss.

The next thing Jensen knew he was practically being lifted and spun around to slam into the opposite wall, Jared's wide palm cushioning the back of his head. Jared kissed him once more before turning Jensen around and lifting his hands by the wrists, planting his palms firmly against the wall. Jensen had always guessed Jared was strong, but being so easily manhandled into position sent an unnerving flare of heat through Jensen's body. Jared once again slid to the floor, this time pulling Jensen's jeans and boxers down around his thighs. Jared's hands skimmed up to palm Jensen's ass, thumbs dipping into the crease and grazing over his hole, making his cock twitch. Jensen was busy trying to bring his brain back to earth when he unexpectedly felt Jared spread him open and push his warm, wet tongue inside.

"Fuck!" The word was torn from Jensen's throat as a choked-off whisper. Jared, the bastard, just hummed his agreement and stroked his tongue deeper. It took all of Jensen's concentration not to just slide down the wall in a boneless heap. The barest hint of stubble brushed the insides of his thighs as Jared curled his tongue around Jensen's opening. It made Jensen's entire body break out in gooseflesh, and he curled his fingers into the wall.

Then suddenly Jared moved away, and Jensen nearly keened at the loss, feeling Jared's saliva rapidly cool on his skin. "Jay?"

He heard rustling, and then Jared was right there, pressed up against the length of his back, one hand wrapped tightly around his hip. "I'm right here," he said into Jensen's ear. "Just had to grab something from my bag." And then Jared pushed one long, slick finger into his opening, bringing a sound to Jensen's throat like a broken sob. Belatedly, he realized Jared must have dug a bottle of lube from his bag. Jared half chuckled, half groaned into the back of Jensen's neck. "See? I told you, I really do keep everything in there." Jensen would have uttered a come back, but then one finger became two, and all Jensen could do was gasp and push his hips back recklessly into Jared's hand. Jared uttered a soft curse and guided Jensen's hips away from the wall. Jensen's arms were locked straight in front of him, palms spread wide, his body wound tight as a rubber band ready to snap. The way Jared was touching him, the feeling of body heat bleeding through their clothes, the scent of Jared's skin, it all combined to make Jensen feel like the world had tilted beneath his feet. He didn't know how it was possible, but he'd gotten hard again. Jared's fingers scissored and twisted inside him, brushing his prostate, and Jensen's back arched into a sharp bow.

"God, Jen, you look—fuck. You don't even know. Goddamn." Jared cut off his awestruck rambling with a noise like a growl, and then Jared's hand was gone and Jensen could hear the frantic, fumbling sounds of a belt buckle being undone with slick fingers. With one final, muffled curse, Jared bracketed Jensen's hips with hands large enough to nearly encircle his waist and Jensen felt the blunt pressure of Jared's cock at his opening. His breath caught in both anticipation and relief as Jared pushed slowly inside. He was huge, and Jensen could feel the stretch all the way down to his toes. Jared's chest was flush to Jensen's back, his breath hot against the nape of Jensen's neck. One of Jared's hands came up to caress the length of Jensen's outstretched arm, trailing a soothing touch from shoulder to wrist, twining his fingers between Jensen's when he finally bottomed out inside Jensen's body.

"Breathe, Jen," Jared whispered into the back of his neck. The strained edge to his voice made him sound less smug than he had probably intended, and the thought made Jensen smile as he forced his lungs to expand.

When Jared started to move, slowly at first, it made Jensen's head spin. Jared filled him up until he could practically feel each thrust in his throat. One hand stayed clamped tight to Jensen's hip, holding him steady as Jared picked up the pace. His other hand brought their twined fingers to rest on Jensen's chest, embracing him tightly and pressing his face to the crook of Jensen's neck. He grunted softly with each rock of his hips, like it was a surprise each time he got to push into Jensen's tight heat.

The tautness in Jensen's body began to ebb away. His muscles turned to water, and his bones to Jello. Then Jared's angle changed, hitting the perfect spot inside with each thrust, and Jensen nearly collapsed in Jared's arms. He let his head fall back against Jared's shoulder with a quiet cry. Jared responded by latching his mouth to the side of Jensen's neck and crashing his hips hard into Jensen's ass. Jensen forgot to breathe, forgot to think, and just let Jared take him.

Jared's hand slipped from his waist to wrap around his aching cock, stroking roughly in time with his thrusts. Jensen was almost completely gone, rocking between Jared's hips and his hand, so close he could almost taste his orgasm on the back of his tongue. Jared's strained, husky voice pleaded in Jensen's ear, "Please, Jen, c'mon," and that was all Jensen needed to push him over the edge. He screwed his eyes shut and dropped his jaw in a wordless shout, and when he came it felt like every nerve ending in his body had fired at once, like they had all been melted and fused together. He was only dimly aware of Jared's teeth in his shoulder as his own orgasm hit, spilling into Jensen's body.

When Jensen came back to himself, Jared was still wrapped around him like a giant, bony octopus, and Jensen was resting his forehead against the coolness of the wall. He was pretty sure it was the only thing holding the both of them upright. They were both panting like a couple of racehorses, and Jensen concentrated on getting his harsh breathing under control. He could feel drops of sweat running down the back of his neck, and Jared's tongue flicked out to lick them away.

A knock at the door made them both start, then freeze. A girl's voice called out, "Hey, Mr. Texas? Are you in there?"

Once Jensen's mind had recovered from it's panicked litany of Fuck fuck fuckity fuck he cleared his throat. "Yeah, I'm here," he said, and tried very hard not to think about the fact that Jared's cock was still inside him. Despite his distress, his voice was thick from his post orgasmic haze and his Texas drawl slipped into his speech.

"Oh, thank god!" The girl's voice sounded relieved. "We've been looking for you forever! You're on in five minutes!"

"Fuck," Jensen cursed under his breath, and then louder, "I'll be right out!"

Despite his words, neither of them immediately moved to pull away. Squeezing Jensen a little tighter, Jared spoke quietly into the nape of Jensen's neck. "As soon as this is over, we're doing that again. Like, a thousand more times. But in a bed." The Texas accent had taken over Jared's voice as well, dripping over the words like molasses.

"And give up this romantic setting?" Jensen asked lazily, glancing at the peeling paint and chipped sink. "Can we at least come back here for special occasions and anniversaries?"

Jared pinched his ass with uncoordinated fingers. "Shut up, or I won't let you top tonight."

They got cleaned up and dressed quickly, but judging by the glance Jensen caught of himself in the mirror—swollen lips, wildly mussed hair and black rimmed, glassy eyes—he didn't think any amount of smoothing down hair or adjusting clothing could wipe the 'I just had really amazing sex' look from their faces. His suspicions were confirmed when they opened the door and the tiny, blonde PA gave them a quick once over before turning a rather becoming shade of scarlet. It probably didn't help that Jared had two fingers hooked into the back pocket of Jensen's jeans.

The girl cleared her throat and held up Jensen's guitar. "They're, um—They're ready for you onstage. You'd better hurry."

And just like that, Jared was practically dragging him towards the stage, giving him a quick leer and a muttered, "Damn, you look good all fucked out. Here's hoping we cured your stagefright," before practically flinging Jensen onto the stage.

Jensen squinted into the bright lights and fidgeted with his guitar strap. In the center of the stage there was a small stool and a microphone stand. Jensen stepped forward, the heels of his cowboy boots clicking hard against the stage and echoing loudly in the eerily silent auditorium. For the first time, Jensen was thankful for his bowlegged walk, because it did something to hide the fact he'd just been fucked six ways to Sunday only minutes before setting foot onstage.

As Jensen took his place on the stool, the stage went completely black, except for the bright white spotlight shining directly in Jensen's face. And Jensen waited for the freak out—because he was onstage, and he knew he looked about as post-coital as he felt, and he was about to sing—but then, it didn't.

He wasn't sure he had the energy left for a freak out. Every single part of Jensen's body felt loose, languid, and well…relaxed. Apparently, having two spectacular orgasms with the man of his dreams really was the cure for Jensen's stagefright. He still didn't like being onstage, but he felt a little bit less like he wanted to run away and hide under the biggest rock he could find. Jensen glanced to the side to see Jared watching him anxiously, a tense set to his shoulders. Jared tried to offer an encouraging smile, and Jensen figured he was trying to calm what he thought to be Jensen's frazzled nerves. Jensen felt his own face light up in an answering half grin. He could do this. And not because of some new hairstyle, or expensive clothes, or being able to pose for the judges. He could do this because while Jared had been working on Jensen's outward appearance, he'd also somehow seen something beneath the surface. For the first time, Jensen felt like he was the person he was always meant to become, the person he'd kept hidden inside that Jared had found and brought out for the world to see. And now, watching Jared's hesitant smile turn into something brighter, Jensen couldn't stop an idea from forming in his head.

Jensen cleared his throat awkwardly, then leaned forward and spoke into the microphone. "Hi," Jensen said, adjusting a few strings on his guitar. "I, um…I know the program says I'm supposed to sing the Texas state song for y'all—" Jensen had to pause as that got a roar from the primarily Texan crowd, either from the mention of their beloved state or the way the relaxed, down home drawl had slipped back into Jensen's speech. "But I'd like to sing something a little different."

Jensen took another few seconds to pluck at the strings, making sure they were in tune. Then, laughing a little at himself for releasing his inner teenage girl, he launched into the song he had wanted to sing that night at the karaoke bar, You Found Me by Kelly Clarkson. The acoustic guitar cut out a lot of the flashiness of the pop song, leaving it feeling more raw, matching the rough tone of his voice. Jensen let the first few chords wash over him before he began to sing in his usual quiet baritone, his voice growing louder as he began to loose himself in the lyrics of the song.

Is this a dream?
If it is
Please don't wake me from this high
I've become comfortably numb
Until you opened up my eyes
To what it's like
When everything's right
I can't believe

You found me
When no one else was lookin'
How did you know just where I would be?
Yeah, you broke through
All of my confusion
The ups and the downs
And you still didn't leave
I guess that you saw what nobody could see
You found me
You found me

So, here we are
That's pretty far
When you think of where we've been
No going back
I'm fading out
All that has faded me within
You're by my side
Now everything's fine
I can't believe

You found me
When no one else was lookin'
How did you know just where I would be?
Yeah, you broke through
All of my confusion
The ups and the downs
And you still didn't leave
I guess that you saw what nobody could see
You found me
You found me

And I was hiding
'Til you came along
And showed me where I belong

You found me
When no one else was lookin'
How did you know?
How did you know?

You found me
When no one else was lookin'
How did you know just where I would be?
Yeah, you broke through
All of my confusion
The ups and the downs
And you still didn't leave
I guess that you saw what nobody could see
The good and the bad
And the things in between
You found me
You found me

As the notes of the last chord faded into the roar of the crowd, Jensen didn't hear any of it. He walked off stage in a daze, focused solely on Jared's form standing perfectly still, half hidden in the shadow of the backstage curtain. Something in Jared's expression made him pause a few feet away, and he watched as Jared's throat worked silently. He waited for Jared to break the sudden tension.

Jared took a few small steps forward, until he was hovering over Jensen, but not touching him. There was a look in Jared's eyes that Jensen couldn't decipher, but whatever he saw there made Jensen's breath catch in his chest. When Jared spoke, it sounded raspy and thick. "Sandy was right. You have one hell of a voice." Jensen ducked his head to hide his blush, and when he looked up, whatever he had seen in Jared's eyes had been replaced by a teasing glint. "Still, that song was pretty damn cheesy."

Jensen didn't bother to hold back his answering chuckle. "Says Britney Spears' number one fan. You know you love it. Admit it," he mocked back.

Suddenly, that look was back in Jared's eyes, this time accompanied by Jared's hands on his face so he couldn't look away. "Yeah, I kinda do," he said, voice a low murmur that settled like hot coals in Jensen's belly. Then he pulled Jensen into a soft kiss, and Jensen almost missed the stagehand's call for everyone to head back onstage. In the end, one of the PAs had to pry him away and drag him along with the rest of the crowd.

Fifteen minutes later, Jensen was still reeling as he stood with the other contestants onstage. He didn't even hear it as Fabio announced the names of the top five, and Tom had to nudge him hard in the ribs to get his attention. "Jensen, that's you," he hissed, pointing to the expectant faces of the host and judges. Jensen stumbled his way toward the front of the stage, dazedly taking his place on the empty fourth star. He was only vaguely aware of Tom coming to stand on the fifth star, wearing a smile fit to rival Jensen's. But Jensen's smile had nothing to do with the competition, and everything to do with the tall brunette giving him an enthusiastic thumbs up from the side of the stage.

***

By the time the final interviews began, Jensen's giddy mood had dissolved into panic. This was the last competition before the winners were announced, and Jensen was no closer to figuring out who was behind the potential threat. Jensen still didn't even have reason to believe it was somebody besides Shannon, aside from that persistent feeling in the back of his mind.

Jensen couldn't help fidgeting as he sat onstage in his tux, the pink silk handkerchief Jared had given him peeking out of his jacket pocket. Tom finished his answer as the crowd applauded, and then it was Jensen's turn. Fabio raised the note cards and said in heavily accented English, "Why do you want to be Mr. United States?"

Jensen almost snorted into his microphone at the question. Remembering the way Jared has asked him that same question, he glanced offstage surreptitiously, easily spotting Jared standing a head above the crowd. But Jared wasn't looking back. He was on his cell phone, eyes wide and a little panicked, and Jensen felt his heartbeat speed up in response. Before he could catch Jared's eye, Fabio cleared his throat and said, "Texas?"

Jensen's head whipped around as if startled. The judges and crowd were waiting for his answer, but he didn't have any more of an idea how to answer it now than he did when Jared had first asked the question. Jensen's mind replayed it now, Jared's easy drawl filling his head. Why do you want to be Mr. United States?

Heaving a sigh, Jensen decided he was too distracted to come up with a convincing speech to satisfy the judges, and that left him with only one option: tell the truth. After all, opening up had worked for him so far, hadn't it?

"Honestly, I don't." The audience lit up with a shocked murmur of whispers, but Jensen continued. "The truth is, I wasn't thrilled with the idea of entering this pageant. But then I came here, and I met all these great guys..." Jensen trailed off, feeling an almost unconscious smile spread across his face at the thought of Jared. "Well, one guy in particular. He showed me how to open up, to let people see me, and now I feel like for the first time in my life I'm right where I belong. So no, I don't want to be Mr. United States, because I feel like I've already accomplished so much. All I want now is for these guys to be happy." He clapped Tom heartily on the back and the crowd started to applaud, but Jensen wasn't finished. Seeing his opportunity to issue a warning, just in case the culprit was still out there, Jensen lowered his voice to a commanding rumble and added, "And if anything—anything—happened to these guys, I would make sure the person responsible had a world of hurt coming for them. I would make them suffer so much, they'd wish they were never born. And if they ran, I would hunt them down and make them pay."

The crowd was completely silent, and it took several moments for Fabio to recover enough from his shock to offer up an unsteady smile and a shaky, "Erm, thank you, Texas."

The audience applauded hesitantly, and Jensen glanced to the side of the stage to check on Jared. He found himself gripping the sides of his chair to keep from rushing offstage in a panic, because when he looked up, Jared had vanished.

***

Jensen remained onstage while the judges tallied their scores. Even though Jensen knew only a few minutes had passed, it felt like hours. Jared was gone, and Jensen had no idea what had happened to him. There was still the possibility of a crazy person on the loose with plans to hurt anyone involved with the pageant, and if something big started going down then Jensen wouldn't know how to find Jared and get him to safety. Of course, that was assuming Jared wasn't already in danger. Jensen balled his hands into fists and concentrated all of his energy on not running off the stage in search of Jared.

"Ladies and gentleman, we have the results," Fabio announced, taking the stage. "Would the contestants please step forward?"

Jensen took his place on the stage along with the other contestants, but his mind was a million miles away. He felt like he was missing something. He was sure of it.

While Fabio announced the runners up, Jensen frantically wracked his brain for any and all possible suspects. If something was going to happen, he was running out of time, and Jared was missing, and he couldn't focus, dammit!

Before he knew it, Fabio had already announced the fifth, fourth, and third runners up. With a detached kind of shock, Jensen realized he and Tom were the only two left. The next name announced would be the winner, and Jensen was no closer to figuring out who might spring an attack at any moment. He fidgeted with his tie, smoothed out his jacket, and finally put his hands in his pockets to keep them still. His fingers brushed against something cool and metallic, and he realized it was the lighter Jared had found in Shannon's dressing room. It must have somehow ended up in his pocket after Jensen snatched it away from him at the scene.

Something essential clicked into place in Jensen's mind. He pulled the silver zippo from his pocket, noticing for the first time that there was something engraved on it. It was two letters, possibly initials. He held it up and read the letters more closely. "T.W." Jensen felt his heart drop to his stomach. Tom Welling.

Jensen's gaze fixed on Tom like a laser point, but Tom continued to smile into the crowd, oblivious. Fabio was about to announce the winner of the pageant, and Jensen had already taken a half step towards Tom when the impossible happened: Jared ran out onstage.

He stopped about ten feet from Jensen, his eyes wide, like he didn't even know what he'd planned to do next. Meanwhile, the crowd erupted in shocked applause, doing its best to shout the plaster down from the ceiling.

Jared fidgeted restlessly as he looked at Jensen, then Tom, then Fabio. Biting his lip in a look that Jensen recognized as deep thought, Jared's confusion seemed to abruptly clear and he made his way towards the host. He plastered on an easy smile that Jensen noticed did nothing to cover up the sheer panic in his eyes. Grabbing the microphone and envelope from Fabio's stunned hands, Jared turned to address the audience. "Howdy, y'all," he said, and the crowd responded with a cheer that Jensen was sure made the walls shake. Once they'd calmed to a dull roar that almost drowned out the ringing in Jensen's ears, Jared continued, "Hope y'all don't mind, but I thought maybe you'd let a hometown boy do the honors." He held up the envelope and the audience cheered again. Jensen was tempted to check if his ears were bleeding. He was pretty sure a woman in the front row had passed out. Jensen would have found the whole spectacle irritatingly humorous if he wasn't so terrified. Jared slanted him a sideways look, then did the same to Tom, and something in his expression turned Jensen's stomach into ten pounds of cold lead. Yep, Jensen was definitely terrified.

Jared turned his attention back to the envelope and pulled out the card. "And the first ever Mr. United States is…" He paused dramatically, reading the card once silently. He paused, shot Jensen an indecipherable glance, then said clearly into the mic, "Mr. Kansas, Tom Welling."

For a second, Tom was so utterly shocked he stood rooted to the spot. Then the stage attendants came to drape the "Mr. United States" sash over Tom's shoulder and hand him the gold statue, and Tom was faltering his way to the front of the stage. The band began playing the pageant theme song, and confetti rained down from the ceiling.

Jensen's first instinct was to rush the front of the stage and tackled Tom to the ground, but then Jared's voice was right in his ear, agitated and loud even in the noisy cheers of the crowd. "Jensen, it's Tom."

"I know."

"Yeah, he—wait, how did you know?"

"It was his lighter we found at the scene," Jensen said, not taking his eyes off of Tom, who was busy receiving his congratulations. "And I'm guessing he slept with Shannon so he could somehow sneak into her dressing room and plant the evidence." With a start, he turned surprised eyes on Jared. "Wait, how did you know?"

"Sandy called. She said after she went back to Dallas, she did a background check on all the contestants. Tom's a member of some radical men's rights group. He was investigated a couple of years ago when somebody tried to burn down the building where Playgirl is published, but they could never prove anything, so he wasn't charged."

"Dammit! I should have known that guy's a pyro. Seriously, flaming batons!"

"That's not even the worst part, Jensen. I went and looked, and there's some sort of homemade bomb or something under the stage." Jensen's stomach dropped. Bombs were never good, but they were especially bad when there was no bomb squad handy to defuse them. Looking at Jensen with wide eyes, Jared asked, "What do we do?"

Almost as one, they turned to look at Tom. A half-second later, Tom pulled something out of his pocket: a small remote with one red, flashing button. Jared and Jensen exchanged panicked looks, and then simultaneously rushed the stage. Tom never saw them coming.

They both slammed into Tom at the same time, tackling him to the ground in a many-limbed heap and sending the detonator skittering across the stage floor. Tom rolled away, and Jensen made a mad grab for his shirt collar. They rolled across the floor, grabbing at clothing and scratching at faces. All around them was chaos. Confetti was flying, the music was still playing, and the audience was shouting. Jensen was pretty sure he heard Fabio yell, "Catfight!" He lost sight of Jared in the confusion. Tom twisted and got the upper hand, jabbing an elbow into Jensen's face. He recoiled and Tom sprang away. Jensen recovered in time to see Jared scrambling across the stage towards the detonator, Tom close on his heels. Tom raised his trophy high above his head, drawing closer behind Jared. Jensen's heart jumped in his chest. He didn't think he'd ever moved so fast in his life. He dove through the air and grabbed Tom around the waist, sending them both flying. Jared was clipped by the flying tackle, sending him sprawling in the other direction, and right on top of the detonator.

That's when the stage blew up.

***

"We'll have him shipped to county lock up until we can get him in a federal prison," A.D. Morgan said, shaking Jensen's hand. "Nice work, Ackles. Remind me to trust your gut more in the future."

"Yes, sir," Jensen said, trying to appear professional. If he looked anything like Jared, he was pretty sure his face was smudged with ash and there was sparkly confetti in his hair. Plus, he could feel a black eye developing from when he'd been hit with Tom's elbow.

Sandy walked by, escorting a handcuffed Tom to the waiting squad car. Tom appeared to be in the middle of a very heated rant. "Don't you realize what you've done? You're contributing to the oppression of men everywhere! This is just one more step in the exploitation of—"

"Yeah, yeah," Sandy replied blandly. "You can burn your jockstrap in protest when you get to jail," she said, opening the door and shoving Tom inside, slamming the door on his continued tirade. "Guy's got a serious shot at the insanity plea," she said, coming to stand with the small group.

Morgan smiled, then cast a meaningful look between Jensen and Jared. "Y'know, I think I'll head back to Dallas and get started on the paperwork. Why don't you and McCoy take a few days off? I think you've earned it." Sandy and Jensen both chorused their surprised thank yous. "And that goes for you too, Padalecki. Feel free to stick around for a while. I'll make sure the FBI covers your expenses. Consider it our way of saying thanks."

Jared smiled and exchanged a sidelong look with Jensen. He tried not to make it obvious to his boss how thrilled he was the thought of spending the next few days lounging around with Jared, but it was hard to hide his blush with Jared looking at him like that. Judging by Morgan's knowing grin, it was a lost cause, anyway.

Once Morgan had gotten into the squad car to escort Tom to lock up, it was just the three of them and the zoo of excited contestants and press. "Dammit," Sandy said, watching the police car roll away. "Why are the hot ones all either gay, taken, or crazy?"

Jensen tried not to smile at her adorable, pouting face, and Jared leaned over to whisper. "I'm pretty sure Mr. California is straight. And single."

Sandy's eyes lit up and glanced in the direction Jared was pointing. Jensen looked as well, spotting a tall blonde guy he vaguely thought might be named Justin.

"Oh. I'll just be…verifying his statement," she said, already walking away. "Don't wait up," she called over her shoulder.

Jensen scowled at the guy, suddenly feeling protective. Jared let him glare for a minute before jabbing him in the side with one long, bony finger. "Relax, Jensen. She'll be fine." He smirked, pulling their bodies close. "If it makes you feel any better, you can run a background check on the guy later. Right now, you have more important things to do."

Jensen blinked up at him in confusion. The pageant was over, the bad guy had been caught, what else was left to do? "Like what?" Jensen prompted.

Jared leaned down to press an almost chaste kiss against Jensen's lips that left him a bit light headed. "I seem to recall promising to let you top," he whispered, backing away with a wicked grin. With a wink, he added, "Bring your handcuffs." Jared was already several yards away when Jensen's legs finally decided to respond, and he ran to catch up, calculating the time it would take to get back to the hotel. He wondered if it would be abuse of authority to request a police escort.

***

Jensen awoke the next morning to the feeling of strong arms around his waist and light kisses peppering the back of his neck and shoulders. Groaning into his pillow, Jensen mumbled, "If you're one of those stupidly upbeat morning people who insists on getting up before six on our day off, I will shoot you."

Jared settled his chin in the crook of Jensen's neck. "I made you coffee."

Jensen opened one eye to squint at the cup of steaming hotel coffee setting next to the clock that read 6:02. "I take it back. This relationship is definitely going to work."

Jared chuckled softly into the skin behind Jensen's ear, then shifted groggily as Jensen moved to sit up against the headboard. He eventually settled his face somewhere in the vicinity of Jensen's hip. Jensen reached one hand out to thread his fingers through Jared's sleep mussed hair, and the other hand reached for the cup of coffee. He had it all the way to his lips before he realized there was a piece of folded paper stuck to the bottom, and he reluctantly removed his hand from Jared's hair to investigate.

The top fold had a fancy, embossed seal that Jensen recognized as the logo for the Mr. United States Pageant. When he flipped the paper open, he saw his own name written in elaborate calligraphy. Frowning as his undercaffeinated brain attempted to put the pieces together, he glanced down at Jared. "What's this?"

"Huh?" Jared looked up from where he seemed to be studiously considering the ramifications of pulling down the sheet wrapped around Jensen's waist. "Oh, that. It's the announcement that says you won. I saved it for you."

Jensen blinked. He looked at the card, then back at Jared. "But, I was there. You said Tom won."

Jared laughed and sat up until he was nose to nose with Jensen. "I had to distract him so I could talk to you. I figured as long as he was busy getting his congratulations, it would buy us some time."

Jensen was still struggling to catch up. "So, wait, you're saying I…I won?"

Jared smiled and took Jensen's face in his hands. "Fair and square, all on your own." Jensen still couldn't believe it, but when he felt Jared's lips press warm and soft against his own, all other thoughts fell away. He lost himself in the kiss until Jared pulled back, a mischievous glint in his eyes as he said, "So, I know you won't wear pink, but how do you feel about a tiara?"

Jensen groaned and pulled Jared's laughing face back down into another fierce kiss. Jared was annoying, outrageous, and had made it his personal crusade to get Jensen to wear sparkly pink rhinestones, but he also made Jensen happier than he'd ever felt. Jared loved him, inside and out, and that was all he'd ever wanted.

Well, besides world peace.

~End~

~~~~~~~~~~
Additional author's notes: Wow, folks. This fic kinda got away from me as far as word count goes. The only other completed J2 I've ever done is just under 2000 words. This is over 23,000. Yikes.

Major thanks to melagan for audiencing this monster and putting up with my panicked whining over both this and the grad school applications I was frantically trying to finish at the same time. You are an awesome enabler, hon, and you deserve fifteen pounds of virtual chocolate and lots of porn. My porn-fu is kinda broken, but I tried! *g*

I apologize for any mistakes I may have made, but I didn't have time to get this beta'd. If you find any mistakes, please let me know! FYI, I'm also signed up for spn_j2_bigbang, and I would really love a good beta for that story. It's a J2 AU, 20,000 words or more, and I'm willing to send the story to you in parts or all at once, depending on your preference. I can guarantee at least a month of beta time before the deadline. If anyone is interested, please email me at ras.elased_star at yahoo dot com. Thanks! ♥

Miss(ter) Congeniality, (3/3)