Miranda At Work
by Pablocruz713

Miranda At Work Pt. 03

Miranda has wild and eventful Friday.

Friday morning Miranda slept in late knowing that she didn't need to get ready as she would do that at work per Mike's and her's plan. So when Mike texted her that he was there she left wearing shorts and a tank top. She carried her work clothes in a backpack.

Once at work Miranda said to Mike, "I'm going to go take my shower now."

"Wait a second I have some work to do, let me see if I can find someone to be your lookout," said Mike, then he left and a couple of minutes later he came back and Mr. Patterson, the owner of the company, was with him. "Mr. Patterson has agreed to make sure nobody spies on you," said Mike.

"Ok, thank you Mr. Patterson," said Miranda then she and Mr. Patterson walked into the shop and then went to the locker room. Once they reached the shower Miranda put her backpack down and started getting undressed. First she pulled her tank top over her head, and she wasn't wearing a bra and her tits were bared to the elderly man. Next she slid her shorts down her legs exposing her shaved pussy. Mr. Patterson was in shock watching this young woman strip in front of him.

"Wow, you are a really sexy woman," commented Mr. Patterson.

"Why, thank you Mr. Patterson," she replied standing completely nude in front of him.

"You can call me Don," he said.

"Ok, Don," she said then adding, "Why does everybody call you Mr. Patterson?"

"Only pretty ladies get to call me Don everybody else calls me Mr. Patterson," he answered.

She put her hair up into a shower cap then started the shower. She stepped into the water before letting it get warm and the cold water shocked her. She then let the cold stream hit her tits which caused her nipples to become instantly hard and erect. Eventually the water warmed and she continued the shower, as she washed her body she unsurprisingly spent extra time on her tits. She was putting on a show for the owner but he was actually doing his job of guarding her and spent half of the time looking at the entrance to the bathroom. Even though he was only half watching her he was still getting quite a show and he was thoroughly enjoying it. When Miranda reached her vagina she spent a little extra time there but decided against masturbating. While washing her pussy she did notice that Don stopped looking away as much.

When she was done showering she grabbed a towel and started to dry off but tried to keep her body as exposed as possible. While drying off she had moved closer to Don and was able to see a bulge in his pants. She reached out and touched his hardening cock over his pants while asking, "Do you want me to take care of this for you?" Don looked at the young nude woman touching his cock and it became harder, but he was fully aware of where they were.

"Not here, come see me in my office later, darling," he said.

"Ok, I will," she said. She smiled and he smiled back. Now finished drying she reached into her bag and pulled out the tight blue dress Henry had bought her. She pulled on the dress and it was so tight it showed every curve of her body, including her hard nipples that were now impossible to not notice. Per Mike's request she wore the dress without any underwear.

The lack of panties did not go unnoticed by Don who asked, "No panties?"

"Mike told me not to wear any," she replied.

"Do you always do what he tells you to do," asked Don.

"Yes, but he's not the only one," she answered.

"You just obey these men when they tell you to do these dirty things," he asked her.

"Yeah, I guess I find it hard to say no to powerful men," she responded then adding, "also the humiliation of being forcefully told to do nasty things actually turns me on,...a lot."

"So you'd do anything I told you to do?," he asked.

"Of course, you're the most powerful man here, I'd do anything for you," she said as she touched his chest. After that she pulled out a pair of blue high heel shoes and put them on. As they walked through the bathroom she stopped at the sinks saying, "I still need to do my makeup, thanks for guarding me, I'll come see you later."

"Ok, I'll see you later, I'll give you a buzz when I'm ready," he replied then left.

She proceeded to apply her makeup and a little while later a man entered the bathroom and started using the urinal directly behind her. When he was done he turned around with his penis still out before pulling up his pants. Miranda watched him in the mirror the whole time and he saw her looking even making eye contact with her in the mirror.

"Since you seen mine can get a peek of yours?," asked the man.

"Just a peek," said Miranda without ever turning around towards him. She then reached back and lifted the back of her dress revealing most of her bare ass to him.

"Very nice," he commented, then she pulled her dress down and he left. She finished her makeup and styled her hair a little. As she was leaving two men were walking in.

"Are you leaving," asked one of the men.

"Yes," she said

"No peek then," asked the man disappointedly.

"Sorry, maybe some other time," she said as she smiled at the men. She then took her bag and went back to her office. Once back at her desk Miranda caught up on some work but a short while later Mike called her into his office. She went into his office and stood silently waiting for him.

"Now that you are showered and dressed I can do my daily inspection," said Mike. He walked around her while looking her up and down. Finally he spoke again saying, "Ok, looks good now show me what you're wearing underneath your dress." Miranda obediently slipped off her dress and when Mike held out his hand she handed the dress to him and he placed it on his desk. She now stood completely nude except for her blue heels. The door to his office was wide open and anybody walking by would see her nude body, she was aware of his this but not too concerned anymore.

As Mike walked around Miranda examining her nude body he inhaled deeply taking in the aroma of her freshly showered body.

"Your scent is intoxicating," Mike stated as he continued to circle her. He stopped and whispered in her ear, "I really want to fuck you right now." She let out a quiet moan and he asked her, "Do you want me to fuck you right here and now?"

"Yes, please," she answered breathlessly.

"Bend over the desk," ordered Mike and she promptly complied. She stepped closer to the desk and bent over placing chest on top of the desk. "Spread your legs," he told her and as she was doing so he used his foot to push her foot spreading her legs even wider. She couldn't see him but he had by now removed his pants, shoes and underwear. Then suddenly without warning he shoved his erect cock into her wet pussy. Miranda looked to her side and out the wide open door of the office before she wasn't too bothered by the open door but now that was getting fucked she got nervous. Her nervousness about being seen getting fucked only turned her on more and deep down she kind of wanted to get caught.

Mike was really pounding her pussy hard and Miranda was coming close to orgasming, when she heard a noise in the outer office. A few seconds later two men appeared at the doorway once they took one step into the office they stopped in their tracks and just stared at the scene before them. It was Chet and another man they stood in silence as Miranda got fucked, she had turned her head toward the door and was looking at them as she got pounded. The men rarely looked at her face and instead focused on her dangling tits that swayed back and forth with each of Mike's thrusts.

Watching the men watch her pushed her over the edge and she had an amazing orgasm. She loudly moaned and groaned while convulsing. Mike never stopped fucking her as she came but shortly after she finished he pulled out and said, "Let me finish in your mouth." She quickly spun around and got down on her knees then he stuck his cock into her awaiting mouth. She vigorously sucked his cock but a few seconds later he ejaculated in her mouth. She as usual swallowed it all with ease and then licked his cock clean.

Mike stepped away to get dressed and the other men's mouths were agape at the sight they had just witnessed. Miranda remained on her knees as the men continued to ogle her naked body. Mike was now fully dressed so Miranda stood up but didn't bother to cover up. "Is there anything else you need sir?," asked Miranda.

"No, that will be all Miranda," answered Mike.

"Very well," she said as she grabbed her dress and went back to her desk without putting it back on. Once at her desk she put the dress back on and resumed her work. Mike had closed the door to talk to the men. Miranda laughed to herself thinking he closes the door to talk to the men but leaves it open while he's fucking her.

A little while later she went to bathroom to clean up. Her vagina was still leaking a little bit and with no panties on she was worried her dress might get soiled. She was in the bathroom wiping her pussy clean when all of a sudden Will walked in she had absentmindedly forgot to look the door. She was standing with her dress pulled up to her bellybutton wiping herself with paper towels. "Oh, sorry I didn't know anybody was in here," said Will.

"It's ok I'm almost finished," she said so he just stood there watching her wiping.

"Is that semen you're wiping out?," asked Will with a wicked grin.

"No it's just pussy juice, he finished in my mouth," she responded then stuck out her tongue at him.

"Finished in your mouth, where did he start then?," questioned Will.

"In my pussy of course," remarked Miranda.

"So now you're letting guys fuck you now," retorted Will.

"Well I think they were getting a little bored of blow jobs," was her come back.

"Well I think I'm bored of blow jobs too, what do you got to say to that," he said as he shut the door behind him. Miranda threw away the paper towel in her hand then turned toward the sink and bent over while spreading her legs wide and sticking her ass out. Will didn't waste any time accepting the invitation and immediately dropped his pants. After stroking his cock a few times to get it hard enough he put it into Miranda pussy and started to fuck her.

"Let me know when you're about to come, you can't come inside of me just finish in my mouth please," requested Miranda. He agreed and continued to fuck her.

A couple of minutes later he said, "I'm going to come," and pulled out of her and stepped back. She spun around and got on her knees but as she went to put his cock in her mouth it was too late and he shot semen onto her face. She quickly grabbed his cock and put it in her mouth keeping half his load in her mouth. After he was finished she stood up and started washing her face as he pulled his pants up. She was still washing her face as he started to leave. Her dress was still pulled up above her waist.

As he left he smacked her bare ass hard and said, "Wow, that was amazing, thank you."

She instinctively responded, "You're welcome." After he left she finished washing her face then went back to her desk.

Miranda hadn't been working very long when she noticed all the men in the office started to gather in the lobby in front of her desk. She counted nine men which she believed to be all the men that worked in the office with her. As soon as the last man arrived Mike came out of his office holding a piece of paper and a bag.

"Ok, we're going to do the bulletin now," announced Mike.

"But I haven't written one yet," pleaded Miranda.

"It's ok I have it right here, you just need to read this," he said holding up the paper.

"Ok," was her response as she stood up to go out to the shop.

"But first you need to get changed into this," Mike said holding up the bag.

"Ok, I'll go get changed," said Miranda as she reached for the bag but Mike pulled it back.

"You can get changed right here," he countered. Miranda opened her mouth to protest but decided it would be of no use. Mike continued saying, "Take off your dress." All ten men were staring in anticipation of her nudity. Miranda had been naked in front a crowd of men before but this was the largest audience she has had at work. Miranda knew the men wanted a show so she decided to give them one. She very slowly and seductively started taking off her dress. She started with the shoulder straps, taking them off one at a time. Next she peeled the dress down her chest slowly revealing her tits a millimeter at a time. Once her tits were fully exposed she picked up the pace slightly until she reached her waist. Upon reaching her pussy she slowed down again and ever so slowly she pushed the dress down past her shaved pussy. After her pussy was revealed she slid the dress down past her legs to the floor. She stepped out of it and bent over to pick it up, then put it on the desk.

All the men ogled her nude body as she waited for Mike to hand her the outfit he wanted her to wear. Most of the men in her audience had already seen her naked before, but having so many eyes on her really turned her on a lot. First he handed her a light pink lace thong. She put on the thong and he handed her a matching bra which she also put on. The lace of the bra was so light and thin that her nipples and a areolas were visible through it. Not only was their darker color visible but her arousal had caused her nipples to become hard and they were sticking out under the thin material. Miranda waited expecting more to the outfit but when she looked to Mike he simply said, "Ok, let's go." The men started going out to the shop. Miranda was paralyzed for a second thinking there was no way she could face all the men in the shop in this revealing outfit with her hard nipples clearly visible.

"I, I can't...," Miranda started to protest but Mike put his hand on her bare back and directed her toward the door.

"Of course you can, now let's go," said Mike as he continued to push her out the door. Once out in the shop she saw that all the workers were already gathered, and they let out a loud cheer when they saw her in the sexy lingerie. Mike directed her to stand right in front of the men and handed her the bulletin to read. "Just read this as it is written," he said. Mike quieted the cheering crowd and Miranda began reading the bulletin.

Most of the bulletin was the usual stuff, up coming projects, important dates and announcements, but the end was new and unexpected for Miranda. She read it word for word saying, "Now I would like to announce the employee of the week. The winner of employee of the week will get to spend 20 minutes alone with me, Miranda to do whatever they want."

Miranda's mouth was agape at the shock of what she just read, but Mike made her continue saying, "Go on finish."

"And the winner of employee of the week is Chad, congratulations Chad," she said reading the rest of the bulletin. The crowd cheered, especially Chad, but Miranda merely smiled. She was in shock of the news but at the same time highly aroused at the thought of what she might have to do. Her current arousal only added to her previous state of arousal of having to strip nude in front of ten men. By now she could feel her pussy getting very wet and soaking into her panties, she just hoped no one would notice.

Chad walked up to Miranda and gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. He then held her hand and turned her around so he and everybody else could see her exposed ass cheeks. The crowd erupted with hoots and whistles at seeing her bare ass. This only elevated Miranda's arousal and by now she was sure the wetness of her panties was visible. "When do I get to collect my prize," Chad asked Mike.

"Later this afternoon, I'll have Miranda come and get you," said Mike.

Miranda turned back to face the crowd and someone in the crowd shouted, "Bring us back those wet panties Chad, I want to sniff them." The crowd broke out into laughter including all the office employees behind her. Miranda was mortified but the humiliation was only turning her on more. Mike ordered everybody back to work and the crowd dispersed. Mike motioned Miranda toward the door and she led the way as all the office guys wanted to follow her in. Miranda knew they wanted a show and she didn't disappoint them, swaying her hips seductively as she walked back to the office.

Once back at her desk she turned to Mike and asked, "Can I put my dress back on."

"No, I think you should stay like that until Chad gets his 20 minutes with you. Since he won you looking like that I think he should get what was promised," answered Mike. Mike took her dress and left her in her underwear at her desk.

A short while later Mr. Patterson approached Miranda's desk and as he walked up she asked, "Hi, Don what can I do for you?"

"Do you remember what we talked about after your shower?", he asked her.

"Of course, are you ready now?", she answered.

"Yes, your little show out there really put me in the mood. Join me in my office," he said. With that she got up and followed him to his office. Miranda was so turned on by now that she really needed to get fucked again and was glad it would be Mr. Patterson, or Don as he wanted her to call him. Don's office was bigger than Mike's and also had a large sofa, but Don's office also had a wet bar and it's own bathroom. Once inside he locked the door behind him, not wanting to be interrupted. Miranda was put at ease knowing they wouldn't get walked in on.

"What do you want me to do? Do you want me to strip for you Don?," asked Miranda.

"As much as I love looking at you in your pretty pink lingerie, I want to see you take them off...very slowly, please," said Don. She obeyed and started taking off her bra very slowly, almost like slow motion. As she was doing this the old man started unbuttoning his shirt.

"Let me undress you when I'm done, please," she asked, he nodded and stopped. After taking her time to remove her bra she dropped it on the floor. She now moved on to her panties and again moved in slow motion as she slid them down past her vagina. She slowly slid them all the way down her legs instead of letting them drop. She then stepped out of them and walked up to Don and started unbuttoning his shirt. She removed his shirt then the under shirt he was wearing. Next she knelt in front of him and untied and removed his shoes and socks. She moved on to his pants unbuttoning and lowering them to his ankles, he then stepped out of them and put them to the side. She now reached for the waistband of his boxers but instead of pulling them down right away, she ran her fingers along the inside of them. Once she had teased him for a few seconds with her fingers she slowly lowered his underwear to the floor. He stepped out of them and when she looked back up she was staring directly at his semi hard penis.

She instinctively took his cock into her mouth. After sucking his cock until it was hard, she stood up and kissed him on the neck while letting his hard cock rub against her wet pussy. She whispered in his ear, "Do you want to fuck me now?" He only nodded. "Where do you want me?," she asked.

"On the couch," he said. Miranda went over and laid down on the couch. Don laid down on top of her and she guided his cock into her wet pussy. Don went slow and didn't rush and pound like the younger men did. Miranda was enjoying his slow methodical fucking because it allowed her to develop her own arousal. He continued to fuck her and she grew ever closer to orgasm. After nearly ten minutes she started to orgasm and began moaning loudly. As Don heard this he picked up his pace as she continued to come. A couple of minutes after she started coming Don ejaculated into her pussy. After he finished he sat up on the couch breathless and sweaty. Miranda leaned over and cleaned him up with her mouth.

"You were amazing, that was great thank you," said Miranda.

"Oh no, I'm the one who should be thanking you. That was some of the best sex I've ever had, you're really good at that," said Don.

"You should see me give a blow job, I'm even better at that," countered Miranda.

"I definitely will, for sure," he said as he got up and put on his boxers. "Do you want a drink?," he asked her.

"Just some water please," she answered. He came back with water for her and a scotch on the rocks for himself. They sat on the couch drinking their drinks and when she was done she asked, "Can I use your bathroom?"

"Go ahead, be my guest," he said as he continued to sip his drink. Miranda went to the bathroom and cleaned up her vagina and washed her face.

"I really hate to fuck and run but I should probably get some work done before lunch," she said while putting her bra and panties back on. Don just chuckled and waved bye to her.

Back at her desk she felt strange working in her underwear, but there she was. Her panties were still damp from her arousal earlier but she wiped most of Don's semen out of her pussy. She was able to get a lot of work done before lunch.

As the lunch hour neared, she wondered what she would do for food as she had not brought anything to eat. She had half expected someone to buy her lunch even though that meant another sexual favor in exchange. She wondered if she should dare going out to the food truck in her bra and panties with all the shop guys watching. The thought of it caused her pussy to get wet again and she tried in vain to get the thought out of her head. She couldn't stop imagining all the workmen groping her in her underwear. Maybe even ripping them off her and stripping her naked, then gangbanging her right there in the shop. She was lost in her fantasy when someone walked up to her desk.

"Hello, I'm Peter I'm one of the salesmen here and I won the opportunity to take you to lunch," said the man.

"Oh, hello Peter. That's great I'm starving, but I can't go to lunch cause I'm still in my underwear, see," said Miranda as she stood up to show him her state of dress.

"Oh yeah, that's right, well delivery it is then," responded Peter. He pulled out his phone and asked, "Do you like Chinese food?"

"Sure, I could go for Chinese," answered Miranda.

He typed on his phone for couple of minutes then said, "The food will be here in 15 to 20 minutes, just bring it to my office when it gets here, ok."

"Ok, no problem," she answered. As he went back to his office Miranda realized she would have to meet the delivery driver in her bra and panties. 'Figures I'd be exposed some more' she thought. Fifteen minutes later the driver entered the business and walked up to Miranda's desk. When the driver saw what she was wearing he gave her a puzzled look and she just said, "casual Friday," and smiled at him. He smiled back then took a long look at her body especially her tits then left.

Miranda took the food to Peter's office. His office was about the same size as Mike's and also had a medium size sofa but he also had a coffee table too. He placed the food on the coffee table and they both sat down on the sofa. Peter kept staring at Miranda inquisitively and eventually she asked, "What? What is it?"

"Would it be too much to ask for you to strip before we eat?," asked Peter.

"Oh no, not at all," she answered as she stood up and removed her bra then she slipped off her panties. Peter had seen her strip this morning but this was much better as she was right in front of him.

"Thank you, that's awesome," he replied. They ate their lunch and when they were done he asked, "What now, how does this work?"

"Well, generally I pay you guys back with sexual favors for buying me lunch, so I can suck your dick or you can fuck me, your choice," she explained.

He thought about it for a few seconds then said, "I really want to have sex with you but I heard your blow jobs are amazing."

"Well we can start by having sex then finish with the blow job," she said.

"Oh wow, that would be perfect," he said as his face lit up in a huge smile.

"Ok, let's do it," she said as she laid down on the couch adding, "Right here good?" He nodded as he took off his pants. His penis was already hard as he laid on top of her and shoved it into her pussy.

He continued to fuck her for two or three minutes then said, "Ok, your turn," as he pulled out and laid back on the other end of the couch. She sat up and leaned over him taking his cock into her mouth. She started to suck his cock with a lot of enthusiasm, since she wanted to live up to the rumor that her blow jobs were amazing. After a couple more minutes he came in her mouth and of course she happily ate it all up. He continued to lie down even after she was done with him. Finally he caught his breath and spoke saying, "Oh my god that was amazing, the guys weren't lying you really are very good at that."

"Thank you, I try my best to please," she responded with a big smile on her face. Miranda went back to her desk, by now she had become used to wearing only underwear. She was so comfortable now that she was totally unaware that she was basically half naked. When a driver arrived with a package she got up to sign for it and totally forgot about her appearance until the driver said something about it. His comment shocked her back to her senses but after her initial embarrassment she just responded by saying, "It's casual Friday." And when she saw the driver looking her up and down, she decided to give him a little extra and did some sexy poses for him, even turning around and showing him her exposed ass.

"Wow, thank you that just made my day," the driver exclaimed.

"You're very welcome, have a nice day," responded Miranda.

Miranda went back to work and a short time later Mike came to her desk. "I think it's time for Chad to receive his reward," Mike said.

"Ok, what do I need to do?," she asked.

"You'll need to go out to the shop and get him, then you can use the spare office," he answered.

"You want me to go out into the shop dressed like this...alone?," questioned Miranda.

"Yes, you'll be fine I'm sure," he said. Miranda got up and went out the door to the shop. She was nervous and turned on, so she decided to make the most of it. Once she was in the shop she swayed her hips and stuck out her tits. She seductively sauntered through the shop looking for Chad. All the workers turned to stare at her, some even whistled and cat called her. She didn't see Chad at first and asked one of the men where he was. The man pointed to the top of a large piece of equipment.

She walked over to the equipment and called up at him, "Chad are you ready to get your reward?,"

Chad was welding something and after several seconds he stopped and looked down at her and said, "Give me a couple of minutes to finish this then we'll go,"

"No problem, can I wait here?," asked Miranda.

"You can wait right here," said a large man standing next to her as he picked her up and placed her on top of a large tank about four feet above the ground. The metal tank felt very cold on her bare ass. As she looked down she saw that almost every worker had stopped working and was staring at her. She patiently waited enjoying the attention of all the men. After a couple of minutes Chad was done and he climbed down.

"Ready?," Chad asked.

"Absolutely, but I need help getting down," she said as she gestured for help. The same man that put her up on the tank reached up lifted her off then down to the ground. "Thank you, kind sir I owe you one," she said.

"I'll hold you to that," responded the man. Miranda just smiled and winked at him.

"Ok, let's go," said Miranda.

"Wait, there's something I want you to do before we go," said Chad.

"What is it? This is supposed to be for just you not the whole shop," she said.

"It'll be real quick, I just want to see you use the emergency shower," asked Chad.

"Wearing what," she asked.

"In what you have on now, you don't need to undress...anymore than you already have," he stated. Miranda mulled it over for a few seconds then nodded.

"Ok, I'll do it, but just a few seconds," she agreed. Miranda walked underneath the shower head and turned toward the crowd that had gathered to watch her impromptu show. All the workers had formed a semicircle to watch her take a shower in her bra and panties. Chad reached over and pulled the lever and water sprayed down on Miranda. She did not anticipate how cold the water would be and she let out a loud yelp as the frigid water hit her. Many in the crowd chuckled at her reaction. She recovered and continued the shower, turning around and getting her entire body wet, even her hair. The cold water was having an effect on her body and her nipples became very hard and erect. The water also made the lingerie more transparent than it was before and her tits, especially her nipples were very exposed. She continued to shower putting on quite a show, even thrusting out her tits in the now see-thru bra. There were shouts from the crowd for her to remove her bra or strip completely, but she waved the requests off. After a another minute she motioned for Chad to stop the shower and the show was over. She stood there wiping water from her face and hair, while the crowd continued to watch.

"Ok, I'm done now but I need to grab a towel," she said to Chad. As they walked away the crowd cheered so she turned around and bowed to them. They walked to the locker room then all the way back to the shower stall.

"Oh wow, there's shower supplies in here now," exclaimed Chad. He continued talking asking her, "Have you been taking showers in here?"

"Yeah, I took one this morning when I got here," she answered as she grabbed a towel off the hook and started drying off.

"I'd love to see that," he said.

"Maybe some other time as I've already showered," she said. They walked into the office while she continued to dry her hair. Once inside Miranda led him to the spare office and said, "Mike said we could use this room." They entered and she locked the door behind her. "Ok, what do you want to do now, employee of the week?," she asked him. Inside the room was a desk, a table, some chairs and even a sofa. It was used only for storage so everything was pushed against the walls and in one corner was a stack of boxes.

"First I want to see your luscious tits, I've been thinking about them since you showed me your pussy yesterday," he said. She promptly complied and removed her bra for him, then she laid it flat on the table hoping it would dry out. "Now the panties," he said. She again complied and took off her panties putting them with her bra. Chad stood and ogled her body for several seconds then said, "Go lay on the couch I want to play with those tits."

Miranda was happy to hear it as nobody had touched her tits in a while. As Miranda went to lay on the couch Chad stripped naked and joined her. Once she was laying down he straddled her on the couch sitting up. He placed a hand on each tit and began roughly pawing at them. Eventually he leaned forward and put his mouth on a tit and began suckling it while at the same time rolling the other nipple between his fingers. Miranda was in heaven and closed her eyes as she relished the sensation. He continued to play with her tits for several minutes switching his mouth back and forth between tits.

Eventually he stopped and licked his way down her stomach until he reached her pussy. Once at her pussy he proceeded to lick and suck, then inserting two fingers into her. Miranda still had her eyes closed enjoying every second of it, she was getting closer to an orgasm and started writhing in ecstasy. He sensed she was getting close and picked up his pace and intensity, and within a minute she had an intense orgasm.

Once she had stopped moaning and convulsing he told her, "Turn over, I'm going to fuck you now." She rolled over onto her stomach and lifted her ass for him. He stroked his cock a few times to get it fully hard, then inserted it into her soaking wet pussy. He then proceeded to fuck her hard, making a loud noise every time he slapped against he ass. She wondered if anybody outside the room could hear. He fucked her for quite a while almost ten minutes, then finally he came, gripping her hips hard as he thrust as deep as he come, shooting his seed deep inside of her.

"Am I out of time," he asked her as he got off the couch.

She mumbled, "I think so," as she was still laying on the couch with her ass up in the air. She was still recovering while he was dressing. When she finally got up he was fully dressed.

"That was awesome, you're an amazing fuck," he said. He then grabbed her panties and said, "I promised someone these." He unlocked the door and left, leaving Miranda standing nude with the door wide open.

Miranda was left with only her bra to wear, but luckily she still had the towel she used to dry off. She wrapped the towel around her waist, then put the still wet bra on and went looking for her dress. When she got to her desk she couldn't find her dress, so she went to Mike's office. "Do you happen to know where my dress is?," she asked Mike.

"Why? Don't you like walking around in your bra and panties?," asked Mike.

"I didn't mind that, but Chad has made off with my panties. Apparently he promised someone he would get them for him," she answered.

Mike laughed at her predicament saying, "That's too funny, let me see." She undid the towel letting it fall to the ground, showing him she was naked except for her bra. "Is your bra more transparent than earlier?," he asked her.

"It's still wet," was her answer.

"Still wet? When did it get wet?," quizzed Mike.

"Chad wanted me to use the emergency shower," she stated.

"You took a shower in the emergency shower, what were you wearing?," he asked.

"I was wearing my bra and panties, that's why their wet," she answered.

"You weren't tempted to take them off?," he asked.

"I was and the crowd wanted me to but I was supposed to entertain Chad not everybody else," she answered.

"Crowd? You mean all the men watched you," he exclaimed.

"Yes, they all watched me, but it was brief only a minute long," she said.

"I'd love to see you do that sometime, but with nothing on," he said. She didn't say anything, she just stared at him, so he asked her, "Are you fantasizing about it right now?"

His question snapped her out of her daze as she was in fact fantasizing about it. "Oh sorry, yes I was imagining it," she answered.

"Here's your dress," he said as he pulled the dress out of a drawer, then he added, "But first give me the wet bra." She took off her bra and handed it to him while he handed her the dress. She slipped the dress on and went back to work.

A little while later Miranda could feel Chad's semen leaking out of her and she decided to go clean it up. Since she also needed to return the towel to the shower, she went out to the locker room. Once she got there she was relieved to see nobody inside. She walked straight back to the shower stall and hung up the towel. Next she went into the neighboring stall, and lifted up her dress and proceeded to wipe her vagina with toilet paper. When she finished she flushed and fixed her dress.

As she was leaving she saw four men in the main part of the bathroom. "You said 'some other time' you'd let us have a peek," said one of the men.

"Ok," she said as she turned around and lifted her dress baring her ass to the men.

"Very nice, but we've already seen most of your ass, we want to see something new,"'said another man. Miranda lowered her dress back down and turned around to face the men.

" I guess you're right," she said conceding the point. After a few seconds she said, "How about this." Miranda reached for the straps of her dress slipping them off her shoulders, she then lowered her dress down past her tits. She left her tits exposed to the men for several seconds, letting them get more than a peek. "Will that do for something new," she asked the men.

"Yeah, that's great, your tits are perfect," answered one of the men. Eventually after a few more seconds she pulled her dress up and covered her tits. All the men thanked her for the show.

"It was my pleasure," she said as she walked out smiling at them. She went back to her desk and finished her work for the day.

As it got closer, to the end of the day Miranda started to wonder what she would do for a ride. As she was doing this one of the finance guys came up to her desk and said, "On Friday's me and some of the guys go to my friend's bar and have a few drinks, would you like to join us?"

"I'm not 21, I can't drink," responded Miranda.

"It's ok, my friend owns the bar and you won't get carded if you go with us," countered the man.

"Ok, I'll go then, but I still don't drink that much," she said.

"That's fine, maybe just one or two drinks then," said the man, then adding, "You can ride with me if you don't mind, I'll be done in ten minutes."

"Great, I'll see you then," she said.

The man turned to go but turned back and said, "My name is Brian by the way."

"Nice to meet you Brian," she responded. After he left Miranda grabbed her bag and went to the bathroom to fix her hair and reapply her makeup that had gotten wiped off during the shower and sex. When she came out she looked stunning and Brian was waiting for her.

"Wow, you look super hot," he said. Miranda thanked him for the compliment and they got into his car.

When they arrived at the bar four guys were already there. She saw Will, one of the salesman, the other finance guy, and a guy from the shop. All the men stood to greet her. Will hugged her and asked, "Can I give you a kiss?" When Miranda nodded he proceeded to passionately kiss her while hugging her. The rest of the men followed suit and hugged and kissed her on the mouth, even Brian who had driven her got a turn.

They gave her a beer and a little while later three more guys from the shop showed up. Miranda stood up and hugged and kissed each new guy. Even though she has rarely ever drank alcohol, she quickly drank the beer and the guys ordered her another one. She took a little longer to finish her second beer and was now feeling really good.

There was music playing and Miranda said, "I want to dance, does anybody want to dance with me?" Most of the guys turned her down but one of the late arrivals agreed. They went out onto the dance floor and began dancing. The man had his hands all over Miranda, touching her hips, arms, and even her ass.

Even though they were playing fast rock music, he was dancing very close to her. He slid his hands down over her back and down her ass. Once his hands were below her dress on her thighs he started to slide them back up. As he slid his hands up he pulled her dress up with them. Very slowly he was slipping the dress up her ass and she didn't notice as the beers had made her tipsy. Eventually her entire ass was exposed. She was now nude from the waist down, but her pussy was still blocked by the man's body. He rested his hands on her bare ass and Miranda was now aware she was exposed. She was tipsy and an exhibitionist so she didn't mind and continued to dance. There were about 25 people in the bar, mostly men, and almost all of them were now watching the show on the dance floor. Brian's friend owned the bar so none of the bartenders did anything to stop the show.

Another one of Miranda's coworkers decided to get in on the action, and cut in and started dancing with her. Some patrons got a flash of her pussy when he did. The new guy put his hands on her waist and then slid them up her sides. When he reached her tits he started to fondle them. After a minute or two of fondling he moved his hands to her shoulders. After leaving his hands on her shoulders for a few seconds, he very slowly and slyly slid her straps off her shoulders and down her arms. Miranda even in her state of intoxication knew what he was doing, but did nothing to stop him.

Finally the inevitable happened and he ever so slowly slipped the dress down over her tits, baring them to the audience. Miranda continued to dance pretending to be unaware of her lewd exposure. She was now only covered around her mid section with all her intimate parts fully nude. Her dance partner decided to highlight that fact and grabbed her hand and spun her around a few times. The whole bar now saw her shaved pussy and hard projecting nipples on her bare breasts. He let go of her hand and said, "Dance for me baby." She started to dance more provocatively as he stepped back.

All the men from her work were now standing at the edge of the dance floor watching her and most of the bar patrons were also watching her dance seductively. By now Miranda didn't care who was watching as her beer buzz and arousal had completely taken her over. She continued to dance nearly nude, swaying and gyrating for her audience.

Eventually her coworkers couldn't take any more and one of them grabbed her hand and pulled her off the dance floor saying, "Ok, I'm ready let's go." She was led outside by the eight coworkers, still with her dress bunched up around her waist. The man who led her out by the hand, now leaned her up against a truck and began kissing her deeply while groping her tits. After a couple of minutes a second man stepped in and removed her dress completely before he also started kissing and groping her. All this was taking place in a lit up parking lot behind the bar. Each one of the men took their turn with her and she was so aroused that she was not fully aware of her surroundings.

There were other people in the parking lot, some were already outside smoking but others had come outside just to watch her and they all were enthralled by the spectacle. Eventually one of her coworkers opened the tailgate of the truck, which had a camper shell and a mattress inside the bed. Miranda was motioned into the back of the truck, where she laid down and spread her legs. The crowd in the parking lot had moved so that they had a clear view into the back of the truck and of Miranda's pink, wet and wide spread pussy.

Each of her coworkers took turns climbing into the truck and fucking her as the crowd watched on. Two of them even went back and fucked her a second time. Miranda for her part had several orgasms and was in her own world of ecstasy and pleasure. When they were all done with her Brian motioned to her to come out, he then took her to his car. As she walked across the parking lot completely nude some in the crowd cheered her performance. Once in Brian's car he drove her home, then he handed her her dress. She didn't bother putting it back on, she merely grabbed it and her bag and went inside. Once in her room she fell fast asleep.
