Sally Makes My Day
by mulaydarwin

Bus hottie and sexy encounters.

This is a story of my first erotic experience in public transport. It was my first job and located at the far end of the bustling metropolis. Owing to the heavy traffic during working hours, I would get really bored with just sitting on the bus. Moreover, my hectic office hours were taking a toll on me, coupled with the fact that I was a newbie, I had to go the extra mile to prove myself. Inadvertently, I would look up ways to enrich my bus journey in the morning.

Every day, I would catch the 2nd bus in the morning to my office. Due to the humidity of the city, it was a no brainer that I chose the ac bus. Also, I noticed that the crowd was slightly more refined and polished in appearance in an ac bus. More than the office, I would get up in the morning to look forward to the bus journey. Little did I know, that one day it would turn out to be the sole reason for going to the office itself.

I am Darwin, an average looking tall guy about 6'1" in my early twenties with a dark skin tone and heavy built, which coupled with a beard, makes me look older and more intimidating than I am. I look like a million people around me and would get easily ignored if not for my height and built. Adding to the fact, I am an ambivert so I can't talk to people easily as I have tried earlier but I could see they would have their guard up. There were a lot of attractive women on the bus but due to my lack of confidence, I could never muster the courage to even sit next to any of them, let alone have a conversation. Naturally, I would choose the last corner seat on the bus to avoid any awkward encounters.

However, today was slightly different. I had almost dozed off when I saw a girl about my age get on the bus, a few stops from mine. I immediately took notice of her as she was radiating hotness. She was about 5'5" with a milky complexion and hair untied. She was wearing a blue spaghetti strap top which barely came down to her navel along with a pullover cardigan. Her jeans were so low, I could practically see her hip bones from where I was sitting. She bought the ticket and was headed straight towards me. Instantly I panicked and pretended to sleep when suddenly I felt a tap on my shoulder. I opened my eyes and there she was less than two feet from my face asking me nicely to move my backpack so that she could sit. I did so obligingly and out of shyness didn't even look at her for five straight minutes. However, I did notice that she had completely ignored the ladies' seats and also a few others ahead of me. That made me wonder whether it was my lucky day or was I just dreaming. Of course, it was happening for real, I guess every dog has his day indeed. I just smiled to myself and dozed off with my head on the window.

Upon reaching the main highway, the road became bumpier, my head jolted across and woke me up. From my slumber, I could barely open my eyes but enough to make out that I was still about half an hour away from my office. As I was thinking to myself, I felt a slight brush against my left thigh. I looked around to see that it was her right leg and more so she had removed the cardigan. From my POV, I could see down her top. Her supple round breasts were jiggling away as the road got worse. As someone who had a non-existent sex life, I couldn't help but get aroused by the slight brush of a thigh.

Then slowly I felt her right elbow on my tummy and it was so sudden and ticklish that I couldn't contain my laughter. This woke her up and she looked at me dreamily asking where the bus was. I asked her where was she headed and when she told me, I replied that there was still quite some time. She went off to sleep again but this time her head was on my shoulder. Slowly, I felt her breast brush against my tricep and it was almost like she was leaning on me. I started having wild thoughts in my head and despite trying my best to control it, I got a raging hard-on. I adjusted my dick towards the side and could sense some precum already. I tried my best to distract myself but to no avail.

And then the worst of all happened, her right hand fell on my dick and I yelped. Although she didn't wake up but was close to falling over on my lap, and with the next bump on the road, she did. Now with every bump, I could feel her body pressing harder against mine. From my view, I could see that half her ass crack was out and her right breast had popped out of her top. Moreover, the right strap itself had come down her shoulder and was swaying freely. I looked around to see that we were the only two people on the last seats and she had stretched her legs out completely as if free of all inhibitions. In her dreamy state, she unbuttoned her jeans and proceeded to pull them down all the while chanting a random guy's name that I couldn't figure out. By now, her jeans were halfway down her butt and she was aimlessly massaging her crotch. I feared that if she did end up masturbating, it would get messy and awkward as my cock was on the verge of exploding.

In a few minutes, the bus reached a depot and came to a halt. This woke her up from her slumber and she sat up and was shocked to see her ass and boobs hanging out. She looked at me and I fumbled for words. I was about to shit myself when she just gave a warm smile and asked me if I had some water. I gave it to her and she proceeded to dress up. As she was doing so, she happened to look at the tent in my jeans and gave me a wicked smile and shook her head approvingly. As she was adjusting herself, she realized that the right strap of her top had broken off along with the jeans button as well. She panicked and asked me how could it have happened. I had no answer but I did tell her that she did have a cardigan with her when she had arrived. She was relieved and proceeded to look for it all over. She got up from her seat, her ass was on my face dangerously close to my nose and she bumped her head on the ceiling, lost her balance, and fell on my lap. I could swear she felt my dick hard against her back but she was more concerned about the cardigan now.

After a few failed attempts, she gave up looking for it. Even I was surprised as to where it had gone. She asked me how could she go in this state of weird undress. I had the most daring suggestion but was too shy to tell her. And instantly as if she had read my mind, she asked what if she should remove the other strap so that it looked even. I pointed out to her that the bra straps would still show and she had the best solution that is not wearing one. I asked her if she would be allowed inside her office dressed like that and she said that it was casual Friday and at the risk of sounding hypocritical, the HR wouldn't say a word. She took out a pair of scissors from her purse and cut off the strap from the front. She couldn't reach the back and looked at me with her cute eyes as if pleading for help.

By now I had emboldened a little and willingly did so. With one snip, it came off and now she just had to remove her bra and proceeded to pull down what was left of the tank top. As she was removing it she asked me if I could cover her as she didn't want to grab extra eyeballs and I happily agreed. We switched places and while she did her thing, I just realized something and told her that she could have cut off the strap herself and asked her why did she tell me to do so if she was going to remove her bra anyway. As I turned around, she smiled naughtily and winked at me. I got so turned on by this that I could feel the hot cum ready to barge out of my dick.

As her stop approached, she got up only to realize that she had forgotten about the broken jeans button. She asked me what to do and I told her that she looked hot regardless and might as well own it like in the Levis ad tagline - Live Unbuttoned. She smirked and gave me a tap on my shoulder thanking me for the assistance. She got up to leave and I stopped her to ask her name. She turned around and told me that it was Sally and also said that she was new to the city and would be taking this bus regularly. She gave me a flying kiss and said "see you around". She turned around and proceeded to walk, her ass swaying in a rhythmic motion.

As she got down and stood by to cross the road, I noticed something familiar hanging in her bag purse, it looked like a sleeve. I exclaimed to myself and yelled out "Oh shit! It's her cardigan?! What the fuck was all that about?" She saw the confused look on my face and smiled slyly as she crossed the road. I have to admit the girl had some exhibitionist nerve to make me go through all this and now walk around on the street with her braless 32B boobs daring to fall off her strapless tank top. As I was looking at her sexy buttcrack hanging out of her buttonless jeans, the bus turned around the corner and I lost her.

As my stop came, I rushed to the office loo and jerked off to calm my organ down. I looked in the mirror and saw the happiest and most ecstatic version of myself. I proceeded with my dreaded office routine only to realize that I didn't feel so bad about it anymore. I guess Sally had made my day indeed. Well, I can't wait for tomorrow and the days to come. Alas, only time will tell.
