Hi ISS readers and my name is Pradeep and I am here with a True story about me and my cousin sister. If you guys like this story or if you are from Hyderabad and interested in group sex with me and my cousin sister please write to me.

Now on to the story, this is a story about my little cousin sister Priya. She is my uncle's (dad's brother) daughter. I am 28 years old now and I still remember the day when Priya was born. I was 10 years old then.

All family members were very happy because she was the only girl child in our family from childhood she was very close to me, she spend lot of time in our hose only.

Suddenly my uncle had some issues with my dad and they stopped talking to us. After many years I saw Priya in a family function she was young then. And she came to the function alone. She was very cute slim and fair.

I went to her and she was very happy to meet me. We talked for very long time and understood that my uncle is having lot of financial problems. Both uncle and aunt go to work that's the reason they could not attend the function.

As it was very late I told her that I will drop her home. We reached her house. She welcomed me inside her house and introduced me to my uncle and aunt. Everyone was happy to see me. My uncle told me to visit them regularly.

I used to go to Priya's house on every week end and spend time with her. One day when I went to her house she was looking dull uncle and aunt was not at home and I asked her what happened and she said tomorrow is last date to pay the exam free and uncle don't have any money to give her.

I gave her the money and told her to pay the exam fees she was very happy but later I came to know that my uncle scolded her for taking money from me. So I told Priya that in future whenever she needs money.

She can directly ask me she doesn't have to tell her dad about that and she said ok from that day I used to give her money every time she needs to buy something or go out for movies with her friends.

One year passed she was now going to college she was becoming sexy day by day and my desire for her was increasing. Now she was so close to me and used to share everything with me and I also tell her everything about my girl friends as uncle and aunt go for work and no one will be at home whole day.

I asked Priya if I can bring my girlfriend to her house as no one will be there at home. She was afraid but when I insisted she said ok. Next day I brought my girlfriend to Priya's house. She was watching TV in the hall I introduced them and then we went inside my uncle's bedroom.

I told Priya that we will be back in one hour she gave me a naughty smile. I fucked my girlfriend like a beast but I was imagining my cute sister when I was fucking her when we came out she was still watching TV.

I told my girlfriend to leave and sat beside Priya for some time there was silent she did not talk to me then I asked what she made for lunch. She looked at me and asked me whether I had good time with my girl friend. She was having a naughty smile on her face.

I said yes I enjoyed a lot. She smiled and hit me saying I am very bad boy.
From that day she became more open to me one day when I went to her house she came to me and said
Sis: bhaiya I need some money it's urgent.

I thought it's the correct time to break the ice.

Me: Sure Priya I will give you. But what will I get in return?
She was surprised as I never ask anything from her till now. She said.

Sis: anything bhaiya, whatever you want just tell me. I will try my level best to give you.
Me: I need a sweet kiss from you.
Sis: bhaiya, what are you asking I am your sister.

Me: It's ok Priya. No one will ever know about that.
She did not talk to me for some time. I kept the money on the table and was about to leave when she called me

Sis: bhaiya, I will kiss you but it's not for money it's because I really like you and I don't want to disappoint you. I was very happy to hear that, I went near her she closed her eyes and we kissed for almost 10mins. I hugged her tightly while kissing.

Her melons were touching my chest and she could feel my hard dick. I looked at her face she was not directly seeing into my eyes I asked her what happened she said she is feeling shy to see in my eyes.

Next time when I met Priya she was behaving very normally as if nothing happened. After couple of days when we were alone at her house I asked her
Me: Priya how did you feel when I kissed you?
I know she don't have any boyfriends and I was the first man to kiss her.

Sis: bhaiya please don't talk about that.

Me: I am asking you because I feel like kissing you again.
I went and sat near her and took her face in my hand and started kissing her.

She was responding positively. I slowly touched her boobs with my hand. Her boobs were so tender and her nipples were stiff. I started pressing her nipples and she was enjoying that. I slowly removed her top and her bra to have a clear view of her boobs.

Her tender boobs were very stiff and her pink nipples were shining. I made her lye on the sofa and started sucking her boobs. Suddenly we heard my uncle's bike coming so we dressed up quickly. From that day we used to talk everything about sex.

I told her how people do sex and how to do oral sex etc. One day I took my laptop to her house and was showing her adult movies in that. She never saw adult movies till then and was surprised how people fuck like that while watching those movies.

I asked her do you want to see my dick. She smiled and said yes. I pulled my pant down and showed her my erect pennies. I told her to hold it with her hand. She started playing with it when a lady in the movie was sucking guys cock I asked Priya to suck my cock also.

She hesitantly started by kissing my cock. She took my cock inside her mouth and sucked it so some time while she was sucking me I was fondling her boobs and then put my hand inside her pant and touched her pussy. I noticed that she had clean shaven pussy and it was already wet.

I told her to remove her pant and show me her pussy. Her pussy was so pink and wet. I could not control myself and started licking her. She was dying in pleasure.  I licked her until she cum. Then I made her lye on the sofa and started fucking her.

She was morning in please as I pumper her pussy. When I was about to cum I pulled my cock out and sprayed my cum on her belly button. We went to bathroom and cleaned ourselves from that day we used to fuck whenever we get a chance at least 4 to 5 times a week.

I have trained her in such a way that now she is a complete sex goddess and enjoys fucking and sucking my cock in my next story I will tell you how we started doing group sex and couple swapping. Please rate the story and write to me at pradeepsheart4u@gmail.com
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty with you!

