Rita's Memoir - Skin
by KnightlySeducer

Rita plays innocent during a medical exam.

Just a few weeks after the whole mess began with Bert and Mic (see Rita Explores, two parts) I had an annual routine dermatological exam I had scheduled weeks before. Living in Florida, and with as much time as we spent out in the sun, I didn't want any problems with skin cancers. Heaven knows, that was pretty routine for me to find on many people in my own practice.

While I was mortified by the situation with my husband's new 'business partners,' I'd also been very turned on by being seen by other men. I had felt honestly quite thrilled to be seen as a desirable woman, one who could elicit carnal thoughts -- and physical manifestations -- in men other than my husband. Those feelings were and are perhaps petty and self-centered but it was nonetheless deeply erotic and empowering. Tony was at this time unaware of the investigation involving Bert and Mic and the circumstances which were inducing Kim and I to agree to be hostesses at the upcoming trade show in Atlanta. But he was effusive in his praise of me for having entertained our guests so well and pulling off my first Pizza Dare. He could not stop telling me how happy he was with my exploration of this new side of my sexuality. His happiness was my happiness.

You might think, under the circumstances, showing myself to anyone other than Tony at that time would be the furthest thing from my mind. In fact, I felt I had to do it not only because of the deep cravings I felt, the excitement it engendered in my core, and how inspiring it was as a woman to be able to do this but because I knew I would soon find myself exposed whether I wanted it or not. I'd been briefed that hostesses at the trade events wore skimpy outfits, think Hooters girl, and that by the end of the evening it would likely be even less. I knew Kim would have no problem with that, but if I were to successfully help in the investigation, I had to be able to at the least make it into the outfit and not freak out. Plus, I wanted to feel the thrill again.

The hostess issue was not even on my radar when I made the appointment however. All I knew was that having had a guy look down my blouse and see my bare chest had excited me more than I imagined. In the weeks after that I had been constantly envisioning scenarios with myself being seen in various states of undress, though I didn't talk with Tony or anyone about this. Tony had a tendency to get hung up on an idea or like, and I already knew he wanted me to expose myself but I was still exploring my own feelings and didn't need the nagging. You can still love a person and not like them for nagging.

I'd rather impetuously decided that my annual skin exam would be a trial balloon on whether I could do this. So, instead of seeing my usual dermatologist, another female practitioner near our home, I choose a male practitioner across town -- and registered as a new patient with a fake name. Juvenile, I know, but I didn't know if I could even do this and if I did, I certainly didn't want the doctor to know who I was and perhaps discover my name in a specialty listing. I couldn't go to the practice where I worked; the three other practitioners were all guys that I worked with everyday!

Even after the whole bathing suit/ pizza dare thing, and perhaps because of it, I was unsure. That had been at home. Tony was there. Both those things made it safe (if I had only known!!), this would be on my own. I was quite rattled by what had transpired with Tony's clients, the corruption of an intimate repatee between husband and wife, yet still felt a curious energy from my actual boldness. So I'd blocked a couple hours off of work for the drive and exam. I would then have time to unwind before heading home afterwards, time to assess my emotions and get ready to share with Tony this adventure, however it turned out. I hated what had come from entertaining Tony and Bobby's clients, but if I were honest with myself, I had been quite turned on too. I had wanted Tony happy, and I had very truly loved the way it made me feel! I had to see if I could do this on my own.

The premise was simple. My breasts are not big, just a B cup, and my areola are only about the size of a quarter with my over-achieving nipples taking up half of that and nicely centered in them. I say over-achieving as, when I am excited -- and that happens very, very easily -, they stand out about a half inch. Tony loves that they are also very sensitive, as am I. They appear huge, but it is truly an issue of perspective. On the medial aspect of my left breast on the edge of my areola is a black mole. I know it is just a mole, but I was going to ask this physician to examine it as I was 'concerned.' Normally I am in a bra and panties for my annual exam, so this small mole isn't even seen by regular dermatologist. I wanted to see if I could really have a man, other than Tony, look at my breasts and me knowingly show them to him, - and how I would feel.

The morning of my scheduled exam I was a bundle of nerves, whether it was excitement or worry I was not sure. Just a couple of weeks earlier, completely unforeseen when I made this appointment, I had been in front of three strangers is a sheer bathing suit and had let them gawk. Tony had been so pleased with me, and I with myself, until the other shoe dropped from that episode. I talked with myself as I got dressed, wondering why I even was keeping the appointment and asking myself if I was somehow deranged. The truth was, I'd been dreaming about this day for almost a month, and I was not a quitter. I was not going to let the vile actions of two slime-balls decide how Tony and I shared our love-life. I needed to know if I enjoyed this as much as I thought I did, and whether I could expose myself without Tony with me. A down blouse in a grocery store had excited me but was honestly quite harmless.

I had not yet moved from wearing scrubs as the uniform de jour for work, but didn't want to go to the appointment dressed in them. A simple Tee, jeans, and sandals were shoved in a bag so I could change before heading over. I knew the routine; the nursing assistant would greet me, get a short history, and then I would be handed a paper gown and asked to strip to my underwear and cover myself with the gown. The physician, PA, or NP would then come back in with the assistant and the exam would ensue. The doctor would not even see what I had worn to the office, so no big deal there.

My undergarments were important. Those would send a message, frumpy housewife or hot MILF. Tony had introduced me to the term and though I had no intention of ever making love (or just having sex) with anyone but Tony, I hated the idea of being thought of as frumpy. There were times, I suppose in every marriage, when it was just animalistic fucking that I immensely enjoyed -- that was with Tony and still made it love-making. I didn't want to be anyone's MILF but Tony's in actuality, I wanted to be wanted like that - I was pretty sure -, but just wanted, not taken by anyone else.

My intimates had changed in the last few months, to Tony's delight. Gone were just about all on my full coverage and unflattering panties and bras. Tony had bought me things over the last few years, but many of those were more boudoir than everyday. Since our movie nights had started months ago, I had bought other daily wear panties; high cut, thongs, sheer boy shorts, "sexier" things as my wonderful husband described them, tinier, more revealing, and showing much more of me for Tony's eyes. My bras were thinner and smaller too, though I had never sought to enhance my bust with anything padded. I liked my body, it's just I had never considered the need to tease Tony or anyone else. The boudoir stuff way okay, but I hardly had it on for any length of time. My nightwear, as usual, consisted of a large t-shirt and panties at most. More and more I was sleeping in just the t-shirt, or less, to Tony's delight.

I finally settled on a shear bra and a matching tiny thong. Tiny being the operative word, it was a triangle of gauze with some strings attached. I slipped it on and looked at myself in the mirror. I had to laugh; I remember wondering why I bothered. My pubic patch of thick black hair poked out everywhere, the string disappeared between my clean shaven labia separating and emphasizing them as the labia minora dangled free. Tony would love this! I tossed a more demure set of panties on the bed to take with my afternoon outift, slipped on a very sheer demi-bra and pulled on my scrubs. I would be a 'hot momma' at work, though no one would know, and then change before heading to the exam, still provocative but not overly so. I wanted to see if I could take off my bra and have this doctor see my naked chest, not be nude! Another look in the mirror showed me I looked professional in my scrubs and sneakers. No VPL -- I hardly even had panties on! -- and the girls were behaving for now. Five hours from now I'd test myself.

I packed lunch for Mindy, our seven year old, and paid some bills while getting breakfast. Tony and Mindy left as usual so he could drop her at school and I got our little one, Emily, dressed and ready for daycare. Dressing Em is always fun, she has a very definite fashion sense already and doesn't always agree with my choices. This day was one of those, she wasn't happy with the first two things I picked out, but it was also a joy to talk with her and help her decide what to wear. We were out the door exactly a minute later than usual, but traffic was light and I made it to work on time. The morning was steady with a full schedule of patients, which I was grateful for as I didn't have time to overthink my pending appointment.

"That was the last one," Janine said as we exited the exam room. "I'm starving."

"Me too," I said glancing at my watch. "Damnit," I muttered.

"What?" she said as she headed to the breakroom in the back of the office.

"How do we always get behind?" I grumbled to myself out loud. It was already twelve fifteen and my appointment was at one. Forty minutes away!

Janine just shrugged and walked off. I shook my head and followed her, hoping there was a protein drink in the fridge. Fortunately there was and I grabbed it and headed back to my office to change and get going. Now the butterflies began, mostly with anticipation in a good way. The appointment had been in the back of my mind all morning and I was feeling sure I could do this; I could take the paper gown off and stand there in my bra and panties, then take off my bra to have Dr. Wilson look at my naked breast to check out my 'concern.' He'd have already seen most of me by then, just not what was covered by the bra and panties. I was tingling thinking of him looking at me. I caught glimpse of myself in the small mirror I had in my office, a big grin on my face -- but a little flushed. It was excitement.

I closed and locked my office door and stripped off my shoes, socks, and scrubs, then reached into my bag. The girls were misbehaving already and I was damp. Deep breath, Ree. I told myself. I rolled off my panties and reached into my bag to get the ones I was going to wear.

Oh, come on. Did they get wrapped in something else? I dumped the bag on the ground, I didn't have time for this. Jeans, sandals, t-shirt. I shook the bag as I looked inside. Oh shit! I left them on the bed!! I looked at the clock, I had just enough time to make it if I was still going to do this. I could feel my heartbeat, hear it pounding in my ears.

I saw myself in the mirror. Thank goodness it was just my face. You want this. You want to keep this appointment. You want to be seen by this man, this stranger, and you want to tell Tony about it. Get dressed and go.

I recall taking a deep, deep breath and letting it out very slowly. Then I smiled. I slipped the tiny, barely-there panties back on, shifting a bit to try and cover myself as best I could with little success, then pulled on the jeans and tee. I tossed my tennis shoes and scrubs in the bag, slipped on the sandals, grabbed my purse, and headed out.

I had picked Dr. Wilson based on just three criteria. He was a man, a board-certified dermatologist, and I didn't know him. I had spent all of twenty minutes finding him, looking at "dermatologists near me" with a zip code on the far side of town. Two met the criteria, and he looked better than the other guy did. Okay, if I was going to show a guy my tits, I wanted it to be a guy young enough to appreciate it and that I found at least passable. So then, criteria number four, looks. Dr. Wilson was in practice with another doctor, a Dr. Esperanza who also appeared to be about thirty-five to forty by his picture on their website. When I called and set this up I told the scheduler I didn't have a preference. It was just the luck of the draw, Dr. Wilson would be the guy I'd test myself with. It was still a safe environment, a medical office with a nurse's aide in the room, but it wasn't someplace I knew and Tony wouldn't be there.

Traffic wasn't bad at all and I got there at five to one. The office was nice, a big saltwater aquarium on one side, maybe five or six feet long, and a nicely appointed area on the other with reception in the middle. The lighting was not overly bright and the TV wasn't blaring.

"Hi! Jennie Williams, I have a one o'clock with Dr. Wilson," I said after the young woman at the desk slid the window open.

"Ahh..., Oh, okay, here you are," she said looking at her computer screen and not me. "Please fill these out and return them to me when you're done," she said handing me a clipboard. She only made cursory eye contact.

It took about ten minutes to fill out, mostly because I really didn't care about giving much real information.

"Thanks," she said taking the clipboard. "I see you're a self-pay. Routine annual is $130, will that be credit or debit?"

"Cash," I answered, hoping the reception staff at my office was not as cold. Somehow, I'd have to secret shop our place, I thought. I didn't like this vibe at all. Fortunately I had picked up cash this morning while taking Emily in. This was a one off and I didn't want them finding me again, and I didn't want the doctor to find me in any specialist's listing, thus the pseudonym.

The young woman handed me my receipt just as the office door opened and a nurse called, "Ms. Williams?"

"Hi, I'm Sandra. This way please."

I was escorted to a small office, about the same size as my own exam rooms, and with many of the same informational posters. The aide, Sandra, verified the information I had put on the forms and that I was here for an annual exam.

"Any areas of concern?" she asked politely.

"I, ah, have a small black spot," I answered, tapping my left breast.

"Hmm," she answered, noting it on the computer she sat at. "is this something new?"

"My fiancé noticed it last month. That's why I made the appointment," I lied. I'd taken off my wedding band and had on just my engagement ring. My heart was beating in my ears again.

"Okay, I'll let Dr. Wilson know about that. Anything else?"

I shook my head.

"Alright, here's a gown for you," she began the spiel. "Take off everything, then slip this on. The opening goes in the back, alright?" She smiled and I was sure my nerves had caused me to hear wrong.

"Take off everything?" I said, trying not to panic.

"All your clothes, dear. You can leave on your bra and panties, of course. Is this your first skin exam?" she questioned.

I nodded, lying again.

She smiled. "Don't be nervous," she said touching my arm. "I'll be in the room the whole time, okay? I'll give you a couple minutes and then knock before I bring the doctor in." She stepped through the door.

I was nervous, but not for the reason Sandra imagined. I wanted to take off my clothes, I wanted to have this man see me. I pulled the tee-shirt over my head and kicked my sandals under the chair, then wiggled out of my jeans. Ohmigod, my heart was racing. I was shaking, anticipation and adrenaline combined.

Do it! I heard inside. I unhooked my bra and laid it under my jeans. I wanted him surprised, to see his reaction. I readjusted my panties and pulled them tight against myself. The thin string slid into me, a delicate moist lip on each side, fully exposed, pubic hair visible all around the transparent triangle's edges and through it. As I pulled the gown over myself, the paper dragged over my awakened nipples sending sparks flying inside me. Under the shapeless disposable paper gown I had on only four square inches of ethereal thread. I felt glorious, fierce, formidable, - and fully at peace with myself. I wanted this. I wanted Tony to be happy, and to make intense, earth-shaking love to him.

"Jennie, you ready?" Sandra's head poked around the door after she had knocked.

I smiled and nodded, sitting on the edge of the exam table, my hands in my lap. Part of me wanted to scream my name, to declare that I was the one they were seeing, not some anonymous Jennie. But that made it more exciting too, I would do this and then disappear.

"Hi, I'm Dr. Wilson. It's a pleasure to meet you, Jennie. If it's okay with you, I have medical student doing a clinical rotation with me this week and I'd like your approval to bring him in."

"Okay," I remember saying almost in a daze. Ohmigod, two men to see me! Tony is going to cum all over himself when I tell him about this!

"Mr. Ferguson, this is Ms. Wilson," he said as the handsome medical student entered. His caramel skin and green eyes captured my breath. No ring on his hand, I noted, he's going to make someone very happy.

Dr. Wilson said, looking at the notes on the tablet he carried, "Ms. Wilson is here for a routine annual exam. She has not had skin exams preciously and is here today with a particular concern about a mole on her chest," he finished almost mechanically.

Mr. Ferguson's eyes went to my chest, then down at the floor.

Dr. Wilson reached up and turned on the white light on the swing arm. I had one in each of my exam rooms too. The daylight toned frequency allowed for truer skin tones and eliminated shadows so you didn't miss things. Why I hadn't considered how fully illuminated I'd be surprised me, but it was also enlivening as I felt myself smile slightly.

"We'll just begin with your face and neck," Dr. Wilson said as he came closer and began to scan my face, hairline, around my ears, and then the back of my neck before coming back and having me lift my head to look at the front of my neck and along my collarbones.

"Alright, can I have you stand up for me please?" he asked, offering me a hand as I slid off the table unto my bare feet. "Good, take a couple steps out here please," he guided me away from the table.

"And put your arms out to your sides," he continued, the exam beginning with my right arm.

As I extended my arms, I felt the back of the gown open and knew how exposed I was. Sandra was the only one seeing me then and it would be immediately obvious to her that I was essentially naked. A string up my ass, one at my waist, and no bra. It felt delicious.

I have no idea if she made some sort of sign, winked, raised an eyebrow or what, but Dr. Wilson then said, "Alright, turn around for me please, Jennie."

I was in an erotic, hyper-sensual dream. I felt the air on my skin as I turned, my arms still out and the gown back open wide as I hadn't bother with either of the ties. He slipped his hand onto my back and moved the gown off one shoulder and I could feel his breath as he closely examined the right side of my back first, and then the left. Did he do that on purpose, I wondered -- and thanked the Fates -- as he moved to the side one way and the other, allowing Mr. Ferguson an unobstructed view of my ass. I was tempted to flex my cheeks, but fought the urge.

My eyes caught Sandra's. They revealed nothing but professionalism. Janine and I had some looks we exchanged, but perhaps that was just between women. Maybe the way my regular dermatologist examined me was different, mu style was different from Dr. Wilson's, but he seemed to be checking my skin thoroughly. Delightfully thoroughly.

He'd seen my whole back. He knew I was not wearing a bra, and I expected him to ask me to turn around.

Instead, he said to me, "Jennie, would you like to lay on the table while I examine your legs, or would you prefer to remain standing?"

I was quite lost in the moment. "I, ah..., I guess whatever is better for you..." I said in almost a whisper.

"Alright then. Let me finish back here and then you can get back on the exam table to check the front. Sandra, would you hand me the light please?"

I watched her hand him a flashlight, I assume it too had a daylight tone. She passed it to him and then resumed her position in front of me, that professional smile on her face.

I glanced back as Dr. Wilson squatted behind me flicking on the bright light. I felt like I was on stage, the center of attention. I also generally had my patients stand and would simply look at them with my light too, running it up and down each leg, but it seemed he was closer than I usually was. And I couldn't remember a patient who had their whole ass bare. I smiled, took a deep breath, and squeezed my butt cheeks together twice.

Mr. Ferguson wasn't as experienced as the good doctor, he let out a little "mmmm." Sandra had a grin that let me know she knew what I had done.

"Everything looks good on this side," Dr. Wilson commented as he straightened up. Glancing over my shoulder at him, I noticed he had to move his pants a bit as he raised himself.

"If you would, Jennie, please get back on the table," as he said evenly as he handed the flashlight back to Sandra.

I wish I were able to express appropriately how erotic this whole scene was for me. These men, Sandra too, were like vibrators for me, tools that I was using to stroke my arousal. I wanted to be seen by them, and I longed for their responses. It was all I had hoped. I was doing it of my own volition, without Tony suggesting it or nearby to protect or rescue me, away from the safety of my home. I felt empowered, grasping fully for perhaps the first time the remarkable, astonishing power of my own sexuality. Back in college when I had helped Kim at the bachelor party, I liked being fawned over, but this was more, this was my party for myself. The sensation was flabbergasting. I was a bit chilled as my bare bottom touched the vinyl exam table as I sat, but it let me regain my focus.

"Can you recline the table please?" he directed Sandra. She did and then stepped back to the corner.

"Jennie, I need you to lay back, alright?" I did, as Dr. Wilson raised the legs support that had been folded down, slightly opening my legs as I did so. They were covered by the gown, I knew, but I also knew Dr. Wilson would soon be examining my legs. I prayed he remained professional. I could take the exam, I wanted him to continue it, but I was so stimulated at this point that I was afraid I would orgasm right on the table.

"I'm going to move the gown off of your chest, alright?" he said with calm assurance.

I nodded, looking at the ceiling and inhaling deeply.

"I'm going to check your whole upper body and then take a look at this black spot Sandra has noted on your paperwork. Are you alright with that?"

Again, all I could do was nod. I was trying not to make eye contact but noticed him nod to Mr. Ferguson to come to the side of the table. A man on either side of me! I'd seen the pictures taken without my consent, two strangers holding my naked breasts. There was no arousal there, it had not been of my choosing and I had not truly been conscious that it was happening. I had set this up but had expected just the doctor. I had imagined this moment, now doubled, and had been able to go though with my plan. It was exhilarating!

The gown came off my shoulders and he folded it down over my waist. I was naked from the top of my panties up! Dr. Wilson moved the light to illuminate my upper torso, which made it hard to see so I put an arm over my eyes to shield them. As I did, I brushed the doctor.

"Sorry," I said instinctively.

Mr. Ferguson had, without realizing it I am certain, stepped against the side of the exam table. It was not the exam table that his proud erection was lying against, but my arm. Tony was going to love this as much when I shared that with him as I was right now.

I looked down my body as Dr. Wilson bent to get closer to scan the epidermal tissue in front of him. For a second time I felt his warm breath move over my skin. If he breathed like that on my breast when he looked at the black mole, I was not certain I wouldn't explode. My nipples had been taut already, now they tried to grow against the physical limits of my skin so that they honestly hurt. But in such a good, good way.

He was done too soon, and now came to my breasts. First the right, then to the left with the mole. He brought up his magnifier and leaned in closer, his breath maddening on my aching nipple. I inhaled too deeply, almost bringing him to touch me.

I was not sure which of us were crueler as he handed his magnifier to Mr. Ferguson saying, "Take a closer look at the shape and coloration, what do you notice?"

Dr. Wilson was being a good mentor and consummate professional. This WAS a teaching moment, it was why students did clinical rotations. The shape and color Mr. Ferguson were focusing on, judging by the throbbing mass laying against my arm, was not the black mole.

He took the magnifier dumbly, looking up at Dr. Wilson not sure what to do. For all the arousal I was feeling, the joy I was taking in the situation and how energized I felt by my command of my nerves and having willed myself to do this insane exposure, Dr. Wilson had done nothing but be the medical doctor he was trained to be. He did not see or understand the role he was playing in my stimulation, while Mr. Ferguson was not fathoming anything more than a naked, very aroused woman lying before him.

"Mr. Ferguson, look at the spot on Ms. Williams' left breast and tell me what you see," he said firmly, nodding toward me.

Ohmigod, I wanted this, and now he was directing this handsome young medical student to get closer to me also, to use a magnifier to really look at my breast. I smiled broadly as the ludicrous thought of my nipple shooting off my chest in excitement flooded my brain.

Mr. Ferguson leaned in with the magnifier in his hand. As he did, I smiled and said, "Ah.., I ah..., guess this in something new for you. It is for me too. But, ah.., no need to be embarrassed, right?"

"I'm sorry Jennie..., Ms. Williams. I didn't mean to embarrass you, we can stop if you like?" the doctor said with sincerity.

"No, it's fine" I replied in my best innocent coed voice. "It's just.. well.. this is my first time getting one of theses exams, but I guess he's got to learn on someone," I said making eye contact with Dr. Wilson as my arm moved against Mr. Ferguson who was still leaning against the table and me. Anticipating with rising fervor the yet to be done exam of my lower extremities, I spread my legs to the full width of the table, my heels off the outside of each edge of the leg support while all eyes were on my chest.

"Thank you for understanding, Jennie. Mr. Ferguson?"

Mr. Ferguson leaned in further, his face inches from my breast as he held the magnifier over it. His hardness, because of his angle, had lost contact with me.

"It appears black," his muttered.

"Is it solid or mottled?" the doctor asked.

"Ah, looks like it's all the same to me," came the response.

"And the shape?"

I inhaled deeply to move my breast toward him. The magnifier touched the top of me nipple.

"Oh," I said.

He glanced at me and I winked at him as the doctor said "Pay attention, there."

"Sorry," he said the Dr. Wilson. "It's round, and smooth." He exhaled, igniting further the burning embers within as his closeness and warm breath teased my aching nipple. He winked at me and straightened up, again presumptuously pressing his hardness against my arm on the edge of the table. I moved my arm to my body and frowned. I was not there for him, he was here for me. I would control this.

"Good. And good news for you Jennie. Solid in color, symmetrical, and smooth. It just a mole, nothing to worry about."

"Thank goodness," I sighed, knowing that was the expected response. "Now if you find nothing on my legs, that means I'm all good, right? There's nothing anywhere else that you saw, right?" I asked in my best innocent coed voice with a look of concern on my face as I brought my hands over my breasts. I had to feign modesty lest my playthings see through my acting.

Dr. Wilson said, "That's correct," as he pulled up the gown top to cover me. I uncovered my breasts and slipped my hands to my side as lowered the gown to my shoulders.

He reached up and readjusted the light. I could see again as the brightness fell on me from waist to toes and not my face. "Okay, just about done here, Jennie," he smiled at me as he grasped the end of the gown.

I or Janine normally slide the gown up the thighs so as to not over-expose a patient. It surprised me that he lifted the lower edge and, gathering it as he moved it up, raised it and uncovered me up to the waist. Though I wanted to be seen, the move was unexpected. I had a brief flash of the photo of me with Bert and Mic, nude and being groped, and covered my gown-covered breasts with my hands again Sandra put a hand on my shoulder and patted me.

I realized too that I had made no move to bring my legs together. What there was of my so-called panties left me all but nude, the tiny triangle of filmy fiber simply a beacon to my thick bush of nearly black hair and the swollen, bright pink labia I knew were protruding on either side of the string tucked between them. I looked down and both men, one on each side to the exam table adjacent to my knees, was clearly staring at my womanly treasure. I saw them look at each other for a second, then back to my pussy.

I grinned all over.

"Mr. Ferguson, you'll notice that I've examined each quadrant of the patient's body in in order. This allows a complete exam and precludes the physician from missing any abnormalities. This is extremely important as, especially in the annual or full body exam, a missed lesion can become quite serious in a short time. Ms. Williams had a particular concern, but this must not distract us from carefully and thoroughly performing our due diligence in checking fully the entire epidermal field," Dr. Wilson said, his eyes still focused at my bush.

I must have chuckled or something as I watched them both, almost in unison, as they adjusted the erections in their pants. Sandra, still at my head and with her hand still on my shoulder had a little grin on her lips too. We made eye contact and she patted me again. I could almost hear her say, "Boys..."

"You always want to be methodical, have a routine, so you always go in order and don't miss any area. With extremities, I prefer to do one at a time rather than going back and forth. The same applies each area, be methodical," Wilson continued. Mr. Ferguson nodded in agreement, but he never broke his gaze. He adjusted himself again while he memorized the area between my legs.

Tony loved pussy, mine especially, and I knew he was going to flip when I told him about this (he did!). But this wasn't for him at this moment, I was reveling in the attention, in the ability to mesmerize a man, two men, by simply showing them my body. They hadn't touched me, and other than this last move to raise the gown a little higher than necessary for a skin exam, I was in control. I had decided to open my legs, and to keep them open. I was enjoying this capacity to excite, the ability to influence, the capability to manage what they saw, when, and how much. The power I felt was both enchanting and scary. I loved Tony so much for pushing me to explore this! I hated what had happened, the predicament we were in with Bert and Mic, but knew at that instant that I would continue to explore this side of me.

Dr. Wilson had begun his exam in earnest and was at the top of my right leg when I decided to Kegel. Tony would always moan when I did this while he was inside me, saying how much he loved it when I massaged his cock with my pussy. I truly didn't know if it was something that could be seen or just felt, but I was so turned on by the power of what I was doing that I needed to try. I learned about Kegels after the baby was born, to strengthen my pelvic floor and, at least for Tony, it worked.

"Mmm," Dr. Wilson said, almost under his breath.

I took a sharp breath. "Oh, did you find something?" I said in feigned concern trying to sit up and look. This had the effect of pulling my panties tighter into me and at the same instant pushing my pussy forward.

Sandra held my shoulder and Dr. Wilson said, "A nevus," laying his hand on my hip with his fingers almost in my pubic hair. "Let me take a closer look," he said bringing up his magnifier.

I knew about this mole too. A freckle really, at the top of my inner thigh about two inches from the leg crease -- and my labia. Whether he'd seen that before or just after my pussy winked at him, he had an escape, an excuse for his little sound -- and a very close look at my damp lips laying splayed inches from his face. It had been many, many years since anyone other than Tony had his face or anything else between my legs. Tonight I was going to fuck Tony like a madwoman. This dominion, this clout to so captivate, was overwhelming and thrilling.

"Mr. Ferguson?" he said, offering the magnifier to the mesmerized student. The handsome brown skinned young man with the bright eyes and charming smile leaned in close over my open legs to examine the spot the doctor indicated, this time with no additional prompting.

"Light brown, even in color, round, and smooth," he said much more professionally than I had expected.

"Good," said the doctor. "I think it's just another mole or birthmark, Jennie," he said looking up at my face.

Then he surprised me. "I'd like to get a picture for the files so I can check it next time you're in. Then we can be sure it's not growing, changing shape, or anything concerning."

Sandra, I saw, glared at him for the briefest second but said nothing. A good nurse, she wouldn't challenge the doctor in front of a patient. Though in this case, and the reason we always had someone in the room with us, it would have been right for her to ask to have a word with him in private. She said nothing.

I was really turned on. This wasn't like the photos being used against me, this would be my decision. And it was just my pussy, not my face.

"Um..., I guess," I said in my little co-ed voice, "if it's for the records," I diverted my eyes in pseudo embarrassment.

It wasn't the tablet Dr. Wilson raised, but his cellphone. I saw the exchange between doctor and nurse and wondered if this were the first time he'd done something like this? She did not look pleased.

As he focused, I put my hands over my chest and pretended to be frightened. Then I spread my legs more, moving my knees to the edge of the exam table and letting my legs fall at my knees, straddling the table. "Is this okay? Can you see it clearly - for the picture?" the little voice said shyly.

The camera came closer. It clicked. He adjusted the light a bit and shot another, a little closer. I noticed the camera did not seem to be aimed toward my right leg, but centered. Ohmigod, I was being so naughty! I loved it.

"Perfect. Thank you, Jennie," he said as he slipped the camera back into his pocket. "I didn't see any problems, nothing for you to be concerned about at all. Mr. Ferguson and I will step out so you can get redressed and when you're done just stop by the desk to make an appointment for six months from now. We'll check on those two areas of concern to make sure nothing's going on, but I think you're fine and have nothing at all to worry about."

I'd not closed my legs. "Thank you, doctor. I've never been to a skin doctor before and was sorta worried, not knowing what to expect. But it wasn't bad at all," I smiled. "I'm happy you got to see everything and so thankful you didn't find anything for me to worry about. I don't have to worry about those spots. My fiancé will be happy too, he was worried."

"We'll need to check them again in six months, but I'm sure you have nothing to worry about," he reminded me.

Straddled already on the exam table and sat up, the gown falling from my chest. "Oh, should you get a picture of this too for the files?" I asked naively, pointing to the mole at my left breast.

"You're absolutely right, Jennie," Dr. Wilson smiled pulling his phone from his pocket. "I'm glad you reminded me."

He took two, after adjusting the lamp, one straight on and one from the side. Pretty close photos too.

"Okay, see you next time," I smiled and waved playing the ingenue.

Both men's eyes ran up and down me.

"Yes, see you then, Jennie," Dr. Wilson smiled, his hand on the pocket holding his cell phone.

"I'll see you after you dress," Sandra said as she too exited the room.

I swung a leg over the table and hopped off, giddy. I couldn't wait for our girls to be in bed tonight, so I could tell Tony all about this crazy, exciting afternoon.

As I approached checked out, I passed a small break room where Dr. Wilson, Mr. Ferguson -- and Sandra -- were looking at something on a phone. I can't imagine what it could be.....

"Bye-bye," I said happily and did a little wave, a big smile lighting up my face.

The way I was feeling, Tony and I might spend the entire night making love, and I knew his curiosity would have me tell -- and show -- him all that happened, probably several times! I felt good about myself, no guilt or remorse. I had wanted this and had discovered I liked the power and potency of teasing. It made Tony happy too, so that was even better; it was something we could and would share. I knew also that I was going to make sure Bert and Mic got fucked good too, just not the way they hoped. I could do whatever it took.
