What Men Look For In Women
By MrGrey
 
Chapter 2
	
	Brenda came out of Holden's office and sat back at her desk, replaying 
what just happened in her head.  Why do I feel so good right now?  She felt like 
she was the best person in the office, the happiest at least.  Tammy poked her 
head around the corner, "How'd it go?"
	She shrugged at the question, "Oh it was fine, nothing to worry about."
	"What do you mean?"
	"The commercial, the sexism . . . everything.  It was just a big 
misunderstanding.  He's harmless."
	Tammy was stunned, "How can you say he's harmless?! Do I need to 
make you watch the video again?"  Before Brenda could say no, Tammy's hand 
was clicking on the mouse again and the small window popped up.  The video 
began playing.  This time, Brenda kind of felt sorry for the woman.  She was all 
alone and none of the men would pay attention to her.  But she smiled when she 
saw the woman walk out of the department store with her bag of New Life 
Cosmetics.  This reminded Brenda that she was supposed to go home early and 
do some shopping.  After the woman was violated beyond belief by random 
males, and the sales pitch at the end, the video stopped and Tammy looked at 
her friend, "There.  Doesn't that make you angry?"
	Brenda thought about it and said, "Not really.  It is kind of true.  She 
should be much happier now.  Look at all the attention she's getting."  Tammy 
just sat, wide-eyed, staring at her friend. She couldn't believe the change she 
had suddenly gone though.  Just what did that smooth-talker say to her?  "But, I 
need to go.  Jack said I could go shopping instead of work today."
	"Wha  Who? Jack? You mean Mr. Holden?"
	"Yeah, him," she answered, picking her purse up.
	"You never go shopping when I ask you to go."
	Brenda stopped and looked at Tammy, "Well, you're welcome to come 
along."
	Tammy looked angrily at her friend, "Sorry, but some people actually have 
to work on Monday's."
	Brenda shrugged, "Suit yourself."
	Tammy was about to slap Brenda out of her daze when Mr. Holden came 
out of his office.  He was holding a bottle of Happiness and smiling, "Brenda, you 
forgot your free bottle of perfume."
	Brenda smiled at her boss, "Thanks."
	"Have you seen this product yet Tammy?"
	Tammy was shooting darts at him with her eyes.  She just simply shook 
her head "no".
	"Oh, well, all of our employees should try it out.  So they know what 
they're working with."  He smiled at Brenda then turned and sprayed a cloud of 
Happiness in Tammy's face.  
	She squinted her eyes and took a step back.  The sweet smell engulfing 
her, she opened her eyes and nodded, "Not bad."
	Jack was pleased.  "Good, I'm glad you like it."  He handed Brenda the 
bottle of perfume.
	Brenda then started to leave, "OK then, I'll see you guys tomorrow."
	Jack and Tammy waved goodbye, then Jack looked at Tammy, "Would 
you like to join her on a day off?"
	She shook her head, "Nah, I should work.  She deserves it, she works 
hard."
	"She sure does."  Jack patted Tammy's ass and said, " Speaking of work . 
. .?"
	Tammy seemed in a daze, not even noticing her ass being patted.  She 
shook her head and laughed, "Oh right!  Sorry Jack, I'll be going now."
	"Good girl.  Work hard."
	"Sure thing," she said and walked off and Jack walked back into his office.  
He looked out the window just in time to see his secretary walking out the front 
door and she sure looked happy.
	Brenda arrived at the mall and happily grabbed her purse.  She headed for 
the door, happy to be out of work and doing what she loves more than anything.  
Shopping.  Is that true?  I thought I hated shopping?  Brenda couldn't remember, 
but soon didn't care because she entered the front door and had to decide on 
which store to go in first.
	Well, she needed new clothes.  She went into several stores, buying more 
and more revealing clothes.  She really needed something that would get men's 
attention.  She bought skirts, revealing shirts, high heel shoes . . . whatever she 
saw that looked appealing.
	Next, she needed a makeover.  This boring hair-do and makeup just 
wasn't working.  She walked toward the back of the mall, where the salons were.  
When she was done, she had highlighted her hair with blonde streaks.  It went 
just below the middle of her back when she wore it down.  Brenda hardly wore 
makeup, but she didn't feel strange at all having the lady at the counter paint her 
face up.  While she was having bright red lipstick applied to her, she noticed 
another woman giving out free samples of perfume.  A closer look revealed that it 
was a bottle of Happiness.  Every woman that walked past the display counter 
was sprayed.  Brenda watched as the cloud of perfume shot out of the bottle into 
the customers face and then drifted back into the face of the woman spraying.  
She must have had about fifty sprays of Happiness drift back in her face all 
morning.  The woman sat back on her stool, waiting for another customer.  She 
didn't cross her legs like most ladies, instead she left them apart and Brenda 
could see right up her dress.  The woman seemed careless about it though.  Her 
shirt had fallen farther and farther down and the top of her nipple was becoming 
visible.  Once again, though, she didn't seem to care.  Men would walk by her 
and stare, but the woman would just laugh.  One time, when she caught 
someone staring, she pulled one side of her shirt all the way down and flashed 
her tit at them.  The men just laughed and high-fived each other.  Good for her, 
Brenda thought, smiling.  She was glad to see her getting all that attention.
	When the makeup was finished, she was amazed.  In a matter of hours, 
she had gone from drab looking to hot and steamy.  Leaving the mall, she was 
gawked at left and right, but she was happy about it.  She knew she would have 
no problem finding a man now.  She found her car in the parking lot loaded up 
her bags of makeup and clothes and got in.  She sat up and looked at herself in 
the rearview mirror, checking out her makeup.  So this is why women always look 
up her, how convenient!  She smiled at herself and looked over at the passenger 
seat.  The bottle of Happiness was sitting there.
	She picked it up and examined it.  It looked like an ordinary bottle of 
perfume, but there was something strange about it though.  She started to realize 
that her whole attitude had changed since Jack had sprayed her in the face with 
this stuff.  Jack?! Why do I keep calling him that?  She knew she was not on a 
first name basis with a man she hated.  Do I really hate him?  Yes!! I do!  I think . 
. . She started getting frustrated.  But just then, she dropped the bottle of 
Happiness.  "OH SHIT!" she screamed.  For a split second, she wondered Do I 
normally talk like that?  But her thoughts were stopped from going any farther, 
when the bottle crashed on the floor and engulfed the inside of the car with it's 
magical smell.
	Jane pulled into the driveway with her little brother in the passenger seat.  
She always drove him to school and back home.  They got along pretty well.  
Both of them were top students of the class.  Neither of them got into trouble and 
always obeyed their mother.
	"We're home," Jane announced.
	"Whoopdee-do," Jonathan answered sarcastically.
	"Well, I'm happy.  That was a long day."  They both climbed out of the 
small car, grabbed their bookbags and walked toward the front door.  Jane made 
a late lunch for the two of them, since they were both helping set up for the pep 
rally during lunch today.  She made each of them sandwiches and they both sat 
down in the living room.  Jane turned on the TV and saw that Jenny Jones was 
on.  The topic was, "Mother and Daughter Bimbo Slut Teams".  Jane was 
appalled as she watched a lady and her daughter tramp around stage in their 
skimpy clothes, while all the men in the audience cheered and the women 
laughed at them.  "What sluts!" Jane yelled at the TV.  Jonathan didn't really 
respond, he was busy watching the show.  The woman described how her and 
her daughter sleep around and shop together.  She kept saying how proud she 
was of her daughter.  "She's such a good slut!  She can get men to f*beep*k her 
that I can't even get."  Everyone laughed at the slutty woman.  
	They finished their sandwiches and watched as a commercial came on.  It 
showed a woman being ignored by men until she bought new cosmetics and they 
somehow turned her into just as much a slut as the two women on Jenny Jones.  
The men were gapping at her and slapping her ass, and she just laughed!  The 
commercial ended saying this was what men looked for in women.  Jane was 
appalled, "What about intelligence and class!? Love, humor, or interests?"  She 
was even more amazed when her mother's company name showed up on the 
screen.  "New Life?  That's mom's work!  Isn't it?" she asked her brother.
	Jonathan looked uninterested, "Yeah, so?"
	"Well, I just can't wait to hear what mom thinks of this."  She stood up to 
bring their plates back into the kitchen when their mother's car pulled up.  "Hey, 
mom's home already."  Jonathan stood up to greet his mother.  He was amazed 
at the hot woman that came walking through the door.
	"Mom? Is that you?" Jonathan asked.
	"You bet, hon. What do you think?" she asked spinning around.
	"Ummm, great. I guess . . ."  he knew he shouldn't be staring at his 
mother's tits, but that were practically hanging out. 
	Jane came out of the kitchen, "Hey mom, how was-? What the hell?"
	Brenda smiled, thinking her daughter loved new look.  "Don't I look hot?  
You wouldn't believe how many dates I've been offered so far.  By strangers!"  
She clapped her hands, excited at the cheap lines she's been thrown all day.
	"Mom, you can't be serious.  You look like a hooker."
	Brenda had changed into her tube top in the car after spilling the bottle of 
Happiness.  She took all her clothes off and changed while a group of high 
school boys stopped and stared at her.  She just kissed the window and waved 
at them.  She was also wearing her short skirt and had heavily applied her 
makeup while sitting at a red light.
	"Well, hooker's make more money than me.  Maybe I could come up with 
a couple extra dollars." Jane and Jonathan just looked at their mother in shock.  
"I'm only kidding kids, come on lighten up."  She laughed and walked into the 
living room to sit down.  She sat with one leg on the coffee table, anyone that 
was sitting across from her would notice she wasn't wearing any underwear.  The 
kids joined her on the couch.  "I did get offered some money to sleep with one 
guy though, while I was in the mall buying this," she said holding up another 
bottle of Happiness.  She had gone back into the mall after changing to buy it.  
This walk though the mall was much more interesting while she was wearing her 
new clothes.  Much more fun too!
	She handed the bottle to Jane, "Go on, try it."
	Jane just set the bottle back on the coffee table, "Is this the stuff they're 
advertising on TV?  With that filthy commercial?"
	"Filthy?! Jane, that commercial is going to bring in all kinds of new 
customers.  It really does tell the truth though.  I felt so much better after using it, 
and then buying these clothes."
	"You're hair's different too."
	"I know, isn't it wild!  Try the perfume darling!" she smirked at her 
daughter, "You'll be surprised how much you like it."
	"Not right now, mom," she said getting up and walking toward the stairs.
	Jonathan and his mom sat on the couch as Jane stomped to her room, 
angry at what her mother was becoming.
She looked at her son, "Jane wears perfume doesn't she?"
	"Yeah, but I don't think she wants anything to do with that kind," he said 
pointing to the bottle on the coffee table.
	Brenda suddenly had a great idea.  She heard Jane walking into the 
bathroom and closing the door, then the shower came to life.  She walked 
upstairs and into her daughter's room.  On the dresser, she saw a bottle of 
Tommy Girl.  She grabbed it and ran to the bathroom in her room.  She dumped 
the bottle of Tommy Girl in the sink and then emptied the bottle of Happiness into 
the Tommy Girl bottle.  Screwing the top back on she thought, Jane will feel so 
much better after using this.  She sprayed herself with the sweet smelling liquid 
and felt a surge of pleasure shot through her.  Her knees buckled and she fell to 
the ground.  Brenda pulled her tube top down and her tits sprung out.  She 
grabbed one and started pinching her nipple.  The perfume was making her cum!  
She smiled as she jammed her hand down her pants and rubbed her clit, basking 
in the joy of her orgasm.  When it was over, she was out of breath and dizzy.  
She stumbled up to her feet and wiped the sweat from her forehead.  "Whew, 
that was a relief."  She then realized that that was the first time she had cum in 
over a year.  She felt so much better now.  "Jane's gonna thank me when this is 
over."  She walked back into Jane's room and placed the Tommy Girl bottle, filled 
with Happiness, and tiptoed back out of the room.
	Just then, the shower shut off.  A moment later, Jane emerged, towel 
wrapped around her and walked into her room.  Brenda listened from around the 
corner as the door shut.  She then tiptoed back to Jane's door, pressed her ear 
to it and listened as she heard the towel hit the ground, and then, the lovely 
sound of the perfume bottle being sprayed several times over her body.  Brenda 
smiled.  She heard her daughter say, "This stuff smells different."  But that was 
all.  I guess she lost interest in that worry, Brenda thought, covering her mouth to 
keep from laughing.
	Suddenly the door opened, and Brenda jumped back.  Jane stood there, 
with the towel back around her, "What are you doing?"
	"Nothing," she said walking past her daughter, into the room.
	"Excuse me, mother. But I have to get dressed."
	"Oh don't mind me, go ahead."
	Jane stared at her mother, starting to get fed up.  But then she realized 
that she was her mother, and shouldn't be embarrassed.  But she hadn't even 
seen me naked since puberty, she thought.  But she tossed the towel to the 
ground anyway.  Her naked body walked over to the dresser and to pick out an 
outfit.  But none of the clothes looked very good to her.  I need some new 
clothes, she thought.
	Brenda walked over to the dresser and picked up the bottle of perfume 
and held it up, "This is nice perfume huh?"
	Suddenly, Jane realized what was happening.  She was standing in the 
room, naked, with her mom, thinking about how boring her clothes looked.  "You 
did something!  You're making me like you!  Is it that perfume!?"
	Brenda laughed as she unscrewed the top and spilled the whole bottle on 
Jane's head.  She laughed and giggled as her daughter stumbled backwards and 
fell to the ground.  Her naked breasts bounced as she hit the floor.  She looked 
up at her laughing mother, surprised at what had just happened.  But what had 
just happened?  So her mother splashed her with perfume, what's wrong with 
that?  Jane wondered why she gets so upset about stupid things.  She laughed 
at her mother, "Ok mom, good one.  But look how dirty I am."
	Brenda smiled at her daughter, "Well, hon, some men like dirty little girls."  
They both started laughing.
	"Mom, pluh-leaze."  They continued laughing as Jane turned back to 
closet and looked over her clothes.  
	Then, Jonathan came running up stairs.  "Are you guys alright, I heard 
something fall," he said, started to walk into the room.  He stopped when he saw 
his sister's naked body, "Oh! Um . . . Sorry.  Sorry, I, uh, didn't . . . Just close the 
door will ya . . ."
	Jane turned around to her brother, tits sticking out proudly, "Don't worry 
squirt, come on in.  It's just me."
	"No, that's ok, I think I'll wait downstairs," he said walking back downstairs.
	Jane looked at her mom and laughed,  "Maybe he should wear some 
perfume."  She laughed and her mother joined her.
	"That might be I little difficult.  Besides, I don't think this stuff works on 
men."
	"Oh well," Jane took one last look at her collection of clothes and said, 
"Mom, can we go to the mall?"

End Part 2

