Acting Out Fantasies
by welove2nudebeaches

Acting Out Fantasies Pt. 03

Michelle gets gangbanged and has the orgasm of a lifetime.

As for her husband Pete, he was still trying to come to grips with what was happening. One part of his brain was screaming at him to put a stop to this, that neither he nor Michelle were ready for what was happening. He should tell them as much, and take her home.

Another part of his brain was questioning what was going on with Michelle. This was so out of character, so different from anything she had ever indicated was going on in her thoughts. Pete wondered if she had just simply snapped. Yet it seemed like she had been planning this in her mind for a long time, and she was so calm and steady about her decisions. She had told him to book the room a while back, and what conditions she wanted, so it didn't seem like she was losing it.

Yet another part of him was angry that he had not been able to unlock this part of her before now, and why she had not allowed him to do it. He wanted to understand why this was the moment the dam broke.

Another part of him was worried that these things, done in a hotel lobby with many phones locked on her face and body, could completely ruin her, and him -- even their family. But as always tonight, the biggest part of his brain, the one connected directly to his cock, was screaming to let this ride out, and see where it took them, consequences be damned.

He looked over at her, and realized that just by stating her slut contract, she had started to rock back and forth with her hips yet again, and her pussy was beginning to gush yet again. Pete was incredulous, a feeling that increased when, without being told to do so, she put her hands behind her head submissively.

"You still want that fucking?" Jim asked, interrupting Michelle and Pete's thoughts.

"Yes, sir!" said Michelle.

"How bad do you want it?" Jim asked, provoking her.

"Sir, I'll do anything, just let me feel all your cocks in my pussy. It is aching!"

"OK slut, now you'll get your wish. Guys, let's get her upstairs." They lifted her up by her elbows and ushered her into the elevator, leaving her dress in the lobby with the hotel worker. They gave her plenty of room as they walked to the elevator, allowing her nudity to be accentuated. To get from the bar's parlor to the elevator was about 50 feet, and it required her walking past the hotel's front windows. She shuddered thinking about how many people might see her, not just from this walk, but from all of the guys sharing videos with friends.

A meme passed in front of her mind in the form of a banner on a break room. In it she was naked with a smile, held up with feet spread wide by a bunch of plumbers dressed in workmen's overalls. A caption at the top read, "Don't Miss the Plumber's Convention: We'll show you where to put the pipes."

For her part, Michelle, for the first time that night, felt the chill of the lobby. Goosebumps formed as they walked and she felt the draft from the A/C. Her already-hard nipples shriveled painfully. Her sense of vulnerability heightened at the sensation of the cool air coupled with her nudity.

She was the only one naked, surrounded by 5 fully clothed men. She felt the urge to rub her naked body against the clothing of one of the men. She also felt the urge to see a photo of what was going on now. It was one thing to the naked when sexual things were going on, it felt entirely different to be naked in front of clothed men, when nothing overtly sexual was going on. She decided that she loved that feeling and would like to explore it further.

As they arrived at the elevator, Jim pushed the button to their floor. They stood for a second, hearing the elevator do its work.

"You guys look like the cat's meow!" Michelle said. "You came here for a local plumber's convention, but you got a naked slave. How awesome is that?"

"Pretty awesome," said Mike. "I never thought I'd get a night like this." They all nodded in agreement.

"A weekend," she reminded them. They just looked at her and shook their heads in disbelief at her assertiveness.

The elevator door opened, and they all got on. As soon as it closed, one, and then another and then another, put their hands on Michelle's body. She had put her hands at her side for the walk to the elevator, but she wanted to give them full access to her body, so she clasped her hands behind her head once again.

Hands were all over her breasts now, and they were pulling her nipples out, just as she had done to herself for the men in the lobby. She felt pain from what they were doing, but it was softened by the fact that she was turning on these men. It was also softened by other hands that were cupping her ass, squeezing and kneading them.

Bob pulled the men to one side or the other of her, then bent down and grabbed her lower lips. They were slick, but not too slick for him to pull them down grotesquely. Even with this pain, and this mauling, Michelle never let her hands leave the back of her head. Pete was catching it all on film.

This was the scene when the elevator opened at their floor. They all looked out and saw another group of men in the elevator parlor. They were all holding beers and looked like they were enjoying the conference in their own way. But they all stopped when they saw the sexy, naked woman being touched inside the elevator.

Mike led the way to the room, the other men slack-jawed, staring in disbelief, not only because there was a naked woman, but also because she was relishing the caresses she was getting and had no embarrassment. As Mike opened the door, and they led Michelle in, he waved to the other men, and left the door open.

Once they got into the room, Mike spoke up first. "Bend over, legs straight, and put your elbows on the bed," he said. Michelle complied.

"Now spread your legs." Again, she did as she was told.

He walked up to her, and squeezing her left buttock with his left hand, took his right hand, and spanked her right cheek. He rubbed again, then spanked again. This continued for a minute or two. He was taking control of her, letting her know that she was theirs.

He leaned over after a minute or two toward her ear, and still swatting her ass, he asked her, "Whose pussy is this?"

"My pussy belongs to you guys for the weekend," she responded, then quickly added, "Sir."

Mike grunted, then switched hands. It wasn't long until Michelle's ass was nice and rosy. Despite jumping with each strike, Pete noticed that she never took her elbows off the bed, and never tried to close her legs.

Once again Mike leaned in toward her ear. "Whose ass is this?" he asked with a slight menace in his tone.

Michelle gasped, then said, "My ass is yours, sir."

"Good, slut!" Then Mike took both of his hands off her ass and began to spank both cheeks at the same time, this time with no caresses in between.

Michelle kept her elbows on the bed and began to grunt with each strike. It was getting intense, but never did she say anything that could be construed as a safe word. Finally, after about 20 double blows, Mike relented. Pete could tell that it was taking every fiber in her being not to use her hands to rub her very red ass. But she didn't.

Instead, she rocked her hips in a circular motion, holding her breath from the pain and the humiliation.

Mike leaned in again. "Whose mouth is this?" he asked, as he placed two fingers into her mouth.

Michelle licked his fingers, and pulling out for a second, said, "Yours, sir."

"Good job, Michelle."

"My ass is on fire, sir, Michelle said.

"That's OK, it will get better," said Mike.

They watched her squirm for a second, Then Jim asked Pete, "Do you have any lube for her ass? We want her to be prepared. This will not be fun without lube." That got another moan from Michelle.

"No," said Pete. "She's never allowed anything up her ass before," Pete admitted.

"Well, we need to get some." All the guys looked at Pete, and he at them, wondering who was going to go.

Clearly, they weren't going to offer. Eventually, Pete said, "OK,I guess I'll go," with some anguish on his face. He did not want to leave Michelle alone with these guys, but the alternative was a painful night for his wife. Reluctantly, he handed the camera to Bob with instructions not to miss anything, then headed out the door. There was a 24-hour drugstore down the street from the hotel, so he wouldn't be gone for long.

As he went, Pete was having trouble with his conflicted emotions. He was so turned on by his wife's wantonness he didn't know what to do with himself. But that was mixed with the pangs of jealousy that he guessed accompanied all men sharing their wives for the first time. What would she think of their cocks? How would he measure up? But he knew that the real conflict inside of him was his apprehension about the future, particularly what Jim was planning on Sunday night.

Did she really want to humiliate herself in front of her friends and family? They would never look at her the same way, nor would they look at him the same way. Some of them might use it as a way to coerce her into further degrading acts. Some of them, particularly her conservative family, might not want to speak with her ever again. And what would all of this mean for him?

Pete searched his memory, and he realized that in all of his reading erotica and watching porn, he had never read about a scenario like this, where a woman knowingly contributed to her downfall, going from respectable to slave in one night, and of her own choosing. He had seen videos of women who claimed to want to be exposed, but he had no idea how real those were, or if a family member or friend ever discovered them. He had read stories of women who were "found out" by friends or family, but it had never been done willingly and purposefully.

If they made it to Sunday night, and Michelle had not used anything that signaled a "safe" word, Michelle would be demonstrating to her nearest and dearest people that she was not only willing, but also participating in her debasement. That was unheard of. Yet it was also so hot.In theory, thought Pete. The fallout would be potentially devastating. Did she want that? Did she just want a different life? The answers to these questions lay with Michelle, and she was back in a hotel room with 4 guys she had just met.

All of these thoughts were adding up to an anxiety unlike anything he had ever experienced before. Once again, he nearly turned around to pull her out of the room and go home, but just as he got to the lobby, he heard some guys who had just gotten toiletries from the welcome desk talking between themselves.

"That had to be the hottest, sluttiest thing I have ever seen," one guy said. "She was naked in this lobby, letting us video all of it."

Then another said, "If she is married, her husband is the luckiest man alive. That woman is a firecracker." Pete turned around and headed for the drugstore, proud of his wife, but unsure if he was really the luckiest man alive.

Back in the hotel room, Michelle had looked up as Pete was leaving realized that he was gone for a while. A look of fear flashed across her face.

"Don't worry, Michelle," Tommy said, seeing her look. "I meant what I said to Pete back in the lobby. This is the hottest thing any of us has experienced. We're not going to fuck it up by hurting you, unless you ask for it."

She visibly relaxed at that and smiled. "You mean like Mike burning up my ass?" she asked jokingly.

"You liked it," Bob said. "Don't think we didn't hear those grunts or see those hips moving while he spanked you. And you still haven't rubbed it down with your hands. You haven't fooled me."

Michelle was silent.

"Admit it. It's OK," Bob went on. Then after further silence, he repeated it again, with a little more edge in his voice. "Admit it."

Michelle's voice was soft, but audible. "I loved it. It hurt, but there is something about being humiliated that broke through the pain. If you had kept it up, I would have had another orgasm."

Jim repeated something he had said earlier. "You are learning a lot about yourself, Michelle. I think you need to see this weekend through. You might learn even more."

Michelle silently acknowledged he was right.

"OK, enough of that," said Tommy. "On your knees, Michelle. We're going to put your mouth to work."

Michelle got on her knees, not failing to pay attention to the course ply of the carpet, another reminder of her nudity and vulnerability. Then she watched as the four strangers slowly unzipped their fly, pulling out their dicks for her.

Michelle's heart fluttered, and her blush went from her face to her chest. This was the first time in more than 20 years that she had seen another man's cock. And she was seeing four erect cocks all together. Each of them was different.

She was not so prudish as to be ignorant of the rumors about black cocks, but she was mildly surprised to see that Mike's was not a behemoth. He was big, but no longer than Pete's at about 7 inches. He did have a bit more girth. His also bent upwards like Pete's.

Tommy's was a good bit shorter than Mike's at 5 inches, but much thicker. His was pointed straight out. She wasn't a fan of how flabby he was, but she was a slave, he was her master, and her focus was going to be on his cock.

Bob's was slightly longer than Mike and Pete's but a little thinner. She guessed that he was about 7 or 8 inches. What made his stand out was the size of his head. It was huge, like a mushroom.

Finally, Michelle turned and saw Jim's. It was the best of all four. Not because it was longer or fatter. It just looked clean and taken care of. Michelle realized that, unlike the other three, there was no pubic hair coming from the stem.

Michelle unconsciously licked her lips, then leaning toward Jim's cock, she slowly enveloped another man's cock with her mouth. She was savoring the feel of a different cock and loved the naughtiness of what she was doing. She wanted to take in every moment, so she went slowly, making sure that she gave just the right amount of moisture to her ministrations. She took the base in her right hand, and started stroking in rhythm with her mouth's bobbing. Every once in a while she would steal a submissive glance upward toward his face.

Jim quickly began to moan, both at how she looked, but also how she sucked. She gradually went faster, and heard Jim's moaning increase in intensity. He was muttering under his breath, "Oh, that's good. You're such a good cocksucker! Oh God, that's amazing!" Michelle could feel his balls tighten up, and knew that he was not far from orgasm, so with a pop, she pulled her mouth off. It was Jim's turn to pout in disappointment, and his face showed it.

"Don't worry, Jim. I want to feel that cock inside of me," Michelle said. "Keep it hard and angry for me. I can't wait for you to fuck me hard."

"That is a guarantee," Jim said, starting to slowly stroke himself.

Then, turning to Mike, then Bob, and finally Tommy, she performed the same service. Each one was disappointed, but knew that they really wanted a turn at her pussy. She savored the different feel of each cock, and sucked each one like she was worshipping it, like she wanted to know each cock intimately.

While she loved the different feel of each one, and their reactions to what she was doing, they were not the cleanest guys. Jim and Mike were OK, but Tommy and Bob were pretty bad. She took them into her mouth, though, and made sure they were all well taken care of.

When she had finished with all four, she looked up, and said, "Thank you, sirs. I can't wait to feel them inside of me." Then she stood up and went back to the bed. Then, of her own accord, she put her elbows on the bed, bent at the waist, and spread her legs. For the first time since she married Pete, she was going to let another man put his penis inside of her. Her body was taught with anticipation, but she made herself look forward, wanting it to be a mystery which one would be first. It just added to the naughtiness of the moment.

This was a turning point. Not only was it going to be another man, she was also keenly aware that she had not requested or demanded a condom as a part of her "contract." A part of her was screaming on the inside to at least request condoms, but she wanted the risk factor. This long-held fantasy of hers had included the uneasy feeling that she had been the ultimate slut, if just for a moment. She wanted to feel the sperm inside of her. She wanted to feel the sluttiness of letting strangers fuck her. And besides, she reasoned, she was a slave. She had told them so. Her body was theirs. She was not in a position to make any demands. She closed her eyes, and waited for what was next.

She didn't have to wait long, as soon after, she felt two hands use her hips to line up his cock with her pussy. Then one hand left a hip, and used it to put the cock at the entrance. It paused there, as if it was letting her come to grips with what was taking place.

"Put it in," she said. "Fuck me." Then, with steady and firm pressure, she felt it penetrate her. It didn't stop; it just kept pushing, until she felt the fabric of the stranger's pants touch her ass. He was all the way inside of her.

She sighed and groaned, as her mind drank in the moment.

Another man was fucking her. As before, this new situation made her body feel like there was a sexual electricity flowing through her. She felt tingling all through her body; from her shoulders down to her toes, this tingling came in waves that moved from top to bottom but was also everywhere at once.

Then the intruder began to piston in and out. He started slow and then picked up the pace. Whoever it was knew what he was doing. He would start slow, pick up the pace steadily until he was jackhammering in and out, and then slow down. He repeated the process two or three times. Each time he got fast, whoever it was could tell that Michelle was on the edge of an orgasm, and would slow down. This was driving her crazy.

She realized that her frustration was not just because of an impending orgasm, it also was because she wanted to feel another man's jism coating her pussy. The thought of that made her start moaning in anticipation, and she began to ask for it. "Please come inside of me" she whispered, a slight bit of desperation in her voice.

Someone heard it, and said, "What did you ask, Michelle?" It was Tommy, but she could tell by his position that it was not him that was fucking her.

"I said, please come inside of me."

"You'll need to ask a little bit louder," he responded. She couldn't see this, because she was committed to now knowing who was fucking her, but whoever was fucking her was egging Tommy on, nodding his head.

Then louder, she said, "Please come inside of me." Her moaning was growing louder.

"One more time. We want to hear you beg for it."

"Please sir, please!" She was yelling. "Whoever you are, please come in my pussy! I want to feel another man's come inside of me!"

"Wow," said Tommy. "You are the real deal, Michelle. Middle class wife, begging for a stranger's cock to come inside of you. That might be the sluttiest thing you've ever said, isn't it?"

"Yes!" she yelled. "Fuck me hard! Fuck this slutty cunt for all it's worth!"

That did it. She felt the cock (it was Mike's) inside swell up, and in one mighty stroke, he unloaded. His grunt, followed by the words, "Oh it feels so good! Take my cum, Michelle," told her that not only had she been fucked by a stranger, but that he was black. And that thought, of her sluttiness, made her cum.

It was short-lived though, because her eyes flew open at the next words she heard. "Wow, honey! That was awesome!" That was Pete's voice. He had returned with the lube. She was worried about his reaction. She had wanted him to be there with her for everything, but she had not known how to stop what had taken place, while he went to get the lube so her ass could be fucked!

She giggled inside at that realization: the reason her husband had not watched her give four blowjobs and get fucked by another man was because he had gone to the store to get lube so he and others could fuck her ass. I never thought I'd hear myself think that thought. You're not in Kansas anymore, Dorothy.

She did not have much more time to reflect on that as two new hands gripped her hips and lined up. Her worry dissolved, however, as she realized it was her husband now fucking her. "Ooh, that feels good!" she heard him exclaim. "You did it, honey! And it looked so hot!" he said this as he was jack-hammering in and out of her.

She turned around, wanting to make that connection with her husband, wanting to see his eyes, that he was really OK. Their eyes met, and she knew that he was fine. They shared a look that communicated that they were both doing crazy stuff they never thought they would, but that they were OK with it. There was no denying that they both thought this was hot.

Michelle then took a quick glance and realized that it was no longer just her and her five masters. She remembered that the guys had told Pete to leave the door open when he left, and there were now another five men or so also in the room. Most of the guys had their phones out, recording what was going on, and a couple of them were stroking their dicks. Along with that, she saw that Mike was now holding the camera that was making an official recording of her debauchery.

The last thing she noticed before facing forward again was that no one had taken off their clothes. She was still the only one naked. A quick thought back and she realized that she had felt Mike's pants contacting her ass with each thrust. That was true now with Pete.

She wanted to see these men and their bodies, to feel that connection. There was something incredibly erotic about what happened when two bodies connected intimately. But in this moment, it was also incredibly hot to her that she was the only one naked, the only one vulnerable. Hell, she didn't even know where her clothes were. She wanted to relish that feeling a little bit longer. So, she gave herself permission to free associate for a minute.

She started by talking to her husband. In between grunts, she said to him, "Pete, your wife is naked in front of all these guys. I mean, they could take me off to be their naked slave and I'd never have the chance to cover myself again."

Pete responded, enjoying where she was going with this. "You'd like that? To be completely exposed and naked."

"Yeah," she said, starting to grind her hips as another orgasm started to build. "I'd love it if I could go from place to place, not a stitch of clothing on me. All these men ogling me, thinking of me as nothing more than a piece of ass..." She said this while her groaning continued to get louder.

"Would you let them grope you?" Pete asked. "Could they stick their fingers inside of you?"

"Yesss" Michelle hissed. "Ooh, baby, I'm going to cum again! I'm going to cum on your cock!" she said, completely surprised by this. She had never come on Pete's cock before. It had just not been possible. She could only come, before tonight, with a Hitachi wand. But obviously, this was a night unlike any other.

"I'm going to cum, too," Pete said, and for the first time in their marriage, they came together. They both knew it; it was not a secret. They had tried all sorts of things to get the timing, but it had never happened. Michelle never faked orgasms, either. This was truly a first, and it had come with a huge audience!

As soon as they came down from their bliss, Pete manhandled her. She like that feeling of her husband using her body that way. He grabbed her hips and turned her over on her back. Then, leaning in, he made eye contact, and kissed her. It was a passionate kiss, filled with purpose, filled with love, with longing.

He broke the kiss, and leaned toward her ear, where he whispered so that only she could hear, "I love this version of Michelle. Thank you for letting me see her." After sharing a brief smile, Pete called out, "Who's next!"

Michelle closed her eyes, and let the action come to her for the next hour or so, as man after man fucked her. Every once in a while, they would stop and clean out her pussy. So far, no one had touched her ass. They all seemed to want her pussy, even though it had more semen in it than they could clean out. After five of the guys had cum in her, one of them pulled out after just a few strokes, and climbed on to the bed, bringing his dick right up to her mouth. He was a bit longer and wider than anyone else so far, so he was dripping with semen.

Michelle, who had kept her eyes shut to keep the anonymity of it all, heard him say, "Open up your mouth and clean off my dick." She did, opening her eyes, and focusing on his member. Realizing that this was not one of the original four and that she was following even his instructions, helped to reinforce the level of submission she was experiencing. She closed her eyes, savoring the submission, as another cock entered her pussy.

Not long after, she felt a hand on her right breast. It started out gentle, but quickly the hand started squeezing harder and harder. She still did not protest, even though it was uncomfortable. It was kneading her tit. Then she felt the hand disappear. She was relieved, but it was only for a second, as she felt a hard smack land just below her nipple, grazing it as it passed by. It hurt.

She groaned into the cock that was in her mouth. It popped out, and she yelled out, "Shit, that hurt!." But she never put her hands over her tits. Then came another slap, and another. And another. She looked up, and saw, just in time, that the man, whose cock was in her mouth, was winding up to slap her other tit.

These slaps were not creating the electricity for her that Bob's earlier spank of her ass had created. These hurt. She was trying to think, even with a dick that was now back in her mouth, whether she should ask them to stop. She was just about to, when she held herself back. I committed to these men that they were in charge of my body. I need to trust them, and endure the pain. she told herself.

Somehow that decision calmed her mind and her body. In that calm, she was able to listen to what these men were saying.

"She's not resisting."

"Look at how those tits jiggle when they're slapped."

"Look at how hard her nipples are!"

"Yeah, her pussy is on fire still."

"Oh my God, this is the hottest thing ever!"

If it was possible, she swelled with both pride and humiliation at the same time. Proud that her body could turn on all these men, and humiliated that what was turning them on was her submissiveness. She pulled her mouth off of the cock one more time, and with audible assuredness, she said, "Please keep talking about my body. Insult me, praise me. Say whatever you want, just keep talking. It's hot."

"Ask and you shall receive," one of them said.

"If she keeps this up, her pussy will be ruined." Moan.

"Look at how her little tits jiggle every time I slap them!" Moan.

"She's sexy, but she's definitely not a spring chicken!" Moan.

"I wonder if she's on birth control. She'll never know who the father is." Moan. Moan.

"What kind of slut lets strangers fuck her and abuse her, sight unseen???" Moan.

Comments kept coming in, each of them insulting or debasing. For Michelle, any pain she might have felt at the first of her abuse had changed to pure pleasure. She was wallowing in her submission, the feelings of complete abandon that she was giving into, and the humiliation she was receiving. She took her hands, and cupping her breasts, presented them to the men for her abuse.

They began a rotation. When a man would come, he would immediately come around and tell her to lick him clean. And she would comply. She would, only using her mouth, lick up and down the shaft, and then, to give them that last moment of orgasmic bliss, she would then envelop the crown of their dick with her mouth, taking it all the way in. And then after that, she would lick their balls, and if she saw evidence, even under their ball sack. This act of submission, along with the way they were treating her body, had caused her to come at least 2 more times, although to her, it all felt like one giant orgasm.

She knew that Jim had taken his turn, which left only Bob and Tommy, from her masters, to fuck her. But she noticed that a few more men had entered through the door, and she realized that there were only brief moments when a dick was not in her. They just kept fucking her. And fucking her. And fucking her. To her knowledge, she never went dry in her pussy, even when they would scrape it out with a plastic spoon. She loved that they would make her eat the cum.

She realized that she had long lost count of how many men had come inside of her, and even that thought turned her on because in her mind, only slutty people don't know how many people have fucked them. Am I a slut? she asked herself. Have I crossed that line into sluthood, or can I somehow reel that reputation back in? Do I want to?

She didn't have time to answer that because just as they had just finished spoon-feeding her a load of cum, she looked up and saw that Bob was standing between her legs, but he was not approaching her to fuck her. He had a look on his face that told her that he had "bad intentions," although they didn't strike her as bad anymore.

Bob got two guys and told them to lift up her legs so they touched her tits. They did. Then he told them to spread her knees. They did. He got two other men to kneel by her head and put a pillow under her head. They did. Then, looking at Michelle, he told her what he was going to do.

"I'm going to spank your pussy, Michelle. Only bad girls let men use their cunts like you have. While I do, these two men by your head are going to twist your nipples." Michelle gasped at the sound of this. Bob continued, "I had them put the pillow under your head because I want you to watch. It is much more painful when you can't see, and brace yourself for the coming blow. I'll save that for when I have my day with you. I'm just gauging how much of a pain slut you are."

She watched in anticipation as the two men near her head began to manipulate her nipples, and then as Bob approached her. He put his hand over her entire pussy and rubbed for a second. Michelle felt her clit move in the circular motion that followed Bob's hand. She closed her eyes and started to moan.

"Open your eyes," Bob said firmly. "Do not take your eyes off of my hand, until you get the rhythm."

Michelle nodded, then watched his hand come away from her pussy about a foot or so, and then come back down as a slap on her pussy. It was not completely overwhelming, but it was about a 5 on the pain scale. After about a second of caress, he brought his hand up again, and back down, with the same force. He did it again. And again.

Each time he struck her, his middle finger would land in the same spot, covering the distance from her vagina to her clit. And when it would land, he would make one circle of her clit with the tip of his middle finger, before lifting his hand again. He did it in perfect rhythm, and with perfect aim. Each time he struck, she would respond to it with a sharp, short, intake of air. She kept her eyes open, however, and saw that a smile had formed on Bob's face. It looked like a knowing smile, like he had figured out something about her.

Even though her eyes were on him, his were on her pussy, concentrating on each blow. After about a minute or two, his eyes came up to meet her, and for a second she was worried that he could see into her soul. She wasn't even sure what was in there anymore. How could he? He looked back down at her pussy, and began to add force to his blows.

The precision of his aim, the deliberateness of his finger on her clit, the intensity of the onslaught, and the fact that it was being done in front of a room of strangers along with her husband, caused her to start lifting her hips to meet his blows.

Bob sped up his action and Michelle, her eyes still on him, started to moan with her gasps. She could feel her next orgasm building, coming from a place inside of her that she could not name. Nor did she know it existed. The electricity was back, pins and needles everywhere. She felt her nipples being pulled and squeezed as nothing but points of acute pleasure. She felt the cool air from the vent on her toes. She could feel the stretch in her glutes from the guys holding her legs; and she felt every blow to her pussy and clit, not as a feeling of pain, but sharp, intense, other-worldly pleasure.

If it was hard for her to process the sensations this spanking was giving to her physical body. It was even harder to process what it was doing inside her brain. She felt intense shame, unlike anything she had ever felt before. It was one thing for people to see a woman naked; that wasn't strange. There were strippers, and porn stars, and that wasn't that big of a deal. It was also not a big deal to see women who let go with their sexuality and showed off for their husband and others. That wasn't the source either.

What was giving her this intense shame was that she was doing both of these things at the same time, and she was also letting a man spank her! Spank her pussy! And she wasn't just accepting this spanking, she was moving her hips to meet the blows! She was letting these men see a part of her that she wasn't sure she wanted them to see. A part of her that her husband never knew was there. A part of her that was so raw, it was even new to her.

And that shame began to hit her in waves, matching the rhythm of the blows that were coming still faster, still stronger. Bob had her under his control, but she didn't want him to. He knew about her, and that was scary.

She looked over at Pete. He also knew about her now, and that carried its own weight, too.

She looked around the room. They all knew. They knew that this spanking had made her into a live wire - sexually and emotionally - and she was on an orgasm train that could not be stopped. It was going to wreck her.

But, as had happened so many times before on that night, that one thought -- that these men had looked into her soul - was all she needed, and the climax hit her. Hard. She was screaming. She was crying. She was babbling that she didn't want to be a slut. She was telling them all that she loved them. She was thanking them. And it was all happening at one time. It was like her entire brain was being reconfigured, re-mapped. Like every barrier, every trap, every trick she had created over the years to hide her sexual self from others, from her herself, had all crumbled. Because of a pussy-spanking.

Would this feeling never end? She couldn't get it to slow down. It was already more intense than any orgasm she had experienced before, and it was building, collecting all of her shame, all of her embarrassment, all of her pleasure, and putting it under her spell. She felt a blackness starting to creep into her peripheral vision. And then she blacked out.

Bob stopped spanking her. The men pulling her nipples stopped. The men stopped holding her legs and let them fall. But Michelle's body did not stop bucking. Her mouth did not stop babbling. Pete moved toward her, and put a hand on her shoulder, but really, he watched along with the other men. He didn't know what to do.

They had seen it before on porn sites, where a woman loses control of her body in an orgasm. But not one of them had seen it in person. They all thought it was a myth, a creation of porn producers and women who acted it out. But this was right in front of them. It was a sight to behold.

They waited and watched until finally, everything calmed down, and she lay still. Her mouth was still mumbling softly, but it was less frantic.

Pete was concerned, as he had never seen anything like this before. But he looked at her face and saw the look of bliss that filled it. He saw that her breathing was regular and normal. Satisfied that she was going to be OK, he took stock of his own emotions.

He should have been upset, as he had told her earlier, that she had crossed a boundary that he was not in charge of. Bob had been the one. He should have been upset that in their only previous attempt at bondage, it had not gone well. He realized though, that there was something different about this time. The barriers at work when they tried it were not the actions that she had been resisting or the pain involved. The barriers had been whatever was now breaking free in Michelle's psyche.

He was proud of his wife. He was proud of her courage for letting go like this. He was proud that she had been so obedient. That obedience made him excited about what this might mean for the future. But immediately, he was proud of what her body and her actions were doing to these men. He looked around, and there were lots of guys that had taken their cocks out, and were stroking them, some of them feverishly. And this was after most of them had already come from fucking her.

A couple of them crawled onto the bed, and kneeling beside her, they kept stroking until they came. There were about 4 or 5 of them, including Mike and Jim, and they came on her tits and her face.

Michelle began to stir at this, as one gob of cum had gone up her nose. Without opening her eyes, she pulled one hand up to her face, and felt the gob. Once she realized what it was, her eyes shot open, and she saw the men kneeling over her.

"How long was I out?" she asked.

"Not long," Pete answered. "Maybe one or two minutes."

They were all looking down at her, not saying anything. Finally she looked around until she saw Bob. "Thank you, Sir," she said. "That was the most amazing thing I have ever experienced."

Bob smirked as if he knew something about Michelle that she didn't know. "I could tell. That was pretty incredible."

She reached down and started gingerly rubbing her pussy. It was irritated, of course, and red, but there were no marks on it. It was still soaking. A fountain she thought to herself, giggling.

"May I please take a break and wash up?" she asked the men who were still in the room.

"You've earned it," said Mike. "Go ahead."

"Thank you," said Michelle. She stood up, and stood still for a second, taking stock of how her body felt. It was spent, no question. But it was the best kind of tired she had ever felt. Still, she couldn't wait to get under some warm water. But she had not forgotten her role as a plaything for the men.

"May I please wash this cum off of my body?" she asked playfully.

They all nodded and watched as she sashayed to the bathroom and closed the door.

It was then that Pete realized he too needed to use the restroom, but Michelle had already taken the bath in this room. He excused himself and walking to the elevator, one of the men in the room walked with him, done for the night.

"Your wife doesn't look it, but she might be the hottest slut I've ever laid eyes on."

Pete had a flash of anger at the man calling his wife a hot slut, but that quickly faded as he remembered all that she had done.

"Thanks," said Pete, questioningly. "What do you mean by that?"

"She just looks like a typical little housewife. Hair in a ponytail with a white scrunchie. Make-up done so that people will realize her attractiveness, but not think of her as a slut. Posture that says that she is confident in herself, but happy not to be noticed. A typical suburban wife."

Pete nodded, agreeing. "Yep, before tonight, that is exactly who she was."

"She still is," the man said. "But the things I have seen tonight," the man went on, "I have never, ever, seen before. Nor will I ever see them again. Thanks, man."

Pete wondered if that were true for him. Will I see this side of Michelle again? In the past, when they had tried new things, even if they had enjoyed them, the next morning Michelle would walk around with a sort of guilty attitude. Like she shouldn't have enjoyed what they had experienced. Would that be the case whenever this night was over and they allowed her to go to sleep? he wondered. Or had this night opened up a new path for them?

He made his way up to his room and relieved himself. When he was finished, he looked around the room. There were hanging clothes in the closet, and two open suitcases. Toiletries on the vanity counter. All of it looked like the stuff that a typical married couple spending the night in a hotel would have. But his wife was nude in another room. He briefly thought about getting her some clothes but decided against it. He wanted her in that vulnerable state for as long as it kept her this aroused.

He got lost in thought, still trying to understand the things he had seen tonight. He had lots of questions, but they all boiled down to, "What the fuck?" He wanted to know where the inception of the fantasy was. He wanted to know how she had given herself permission to do the things she had done. He wanted to know why he wasn't putting an end to everything. He wanted to know why he wasn't jealous. He wanted to know how her pussy just. Kept. Getting. Wet.

These thoughts nearly caused him to fall asleep, but he jerked his mind awake when he came back to the thought that his wife was naked in another room with other men. Last time he left her like that he had returned to see Mike fucking her. What would she be doing this time? He grabbed his key and headed back, wondering what else might be in store for them.

