Teasing Older Men
by Tracy (address withheld)
Quick Edit by Jason

***

My name is Tracy and I am going to tell true stories 
about my young life.

First let me describe myself. I am now 20 years old and 
have been called a, "Cock Teaser" since I was about 12 
years old. I remained a virgin until I was 15 years old, 
it was then that I discovered how much I liked older 
men. I had let boys touch me and I had even given them 
head by the time I was 13, but I used to always get more 
excited when I saw older men checking me out or watch me 
play around with the boys.

As a freshman in high school I enjoyed the looks I got 
from senior boys when I wore short skirts or low cut 
tops. I dated a few upper classmen during my freshman 
year and felt up boys and let them feel me up many 
times, but no farther, except for a couple of blowjobs 
for boys I really liked a lot.

As a sophomore I had a lot of dates and played around a 
lot and got real hot many times. Then one Saturday night 
I went to a drive-in movie with an older boy. He was an 
18 year old senior boy who was really hung well. (About 
7" or so.) 

I was playing with him and he was fingering my pussy 
when I realized that the van next to us could see right 
in our window perfectly. It looked like a man of about 
30 years old was staring at us. 

This really got me excited, just thinking about this 
older guy looking at my breasts and pussy and with my 
hand wrapped around this boy's hard cock. I got so 
turned on that I told the boy I wanted his cock in me 
right then. 

He didn't hesitate for a moment, he just rolled on top 
of me and tried to fuck me, but he came before he could. 
I don't know what had me the more excited, almost being 
fucked for the first time, or being watched by this 
older man.

When my date came, he got off me and lit a cigarette. I 
pulled my clothes back on and headed for the rest room. 
As I went by the van I looked in and saw the man with 
his huge cock pulled out of his pants and he was 
stroking it as he watched me walk by. A woman sitting 
next to him was finger-fucking herself too, it was so 
hot to think I'd gotten them to do this.

On my way back from the restrooms, the guy in the van 
rolled his window down and said that I'd put on quite a 
sexy show and he and his wife were really enjoyed it. I 
stopped and stuck my head in the window and said I was 
glad he liked it and touched his stiff cock that was 
still in need of release.

Then his wife said, "Would you let my husband fuck your 
young cunt? I'd love to see it done right this time, and 
he's really good."

I opened the door and climbed in. I said that I would 
suck his beautiful cock, but not fuck him. I told him 
that even though I'd almost lost it this evening, I was 
still technically a virgin.

They agreed, and I leaned over her and sucked his dick. 
He didn't last very long and came in just a few short 
minutes. I went back to the restroom to clean up again 
and returned to my boyfriend's car. The van was gone and 
I imagined that that woman was getting a good fucking, 
cause that guy was hot. I loved that feeling. 

After night that I fantasized all the time about teasing 
older men.

*

About two weeks later I started drivers' education in 
preparation for getting my license. I was very excited 
at this.

The instructor was my science teacher and I used to let 
my short skirt ride up high in his class so he could see 
my thighs. He would look when he thought no one would 
see him. and I always got good grades, even if I didn't 
do all the work he assigned. I think that was his way of 
letting me know how much he liked being teased. 

We had driving lessons the last period every Tuesday and 
Thursday. Usually there was a sophomore boy in the car 
with the teacher and me. When the boy drove I would 
slide my skirt up high so he could see in the rearview 
mirror. He had trouble concentrating on his driving. I 
noticed that once I caught the teacher looking too. That 
really turned me on. 

When the teacher drove, I would get into the back seat 
and let my leg slide against the boys leg, and tease 
him. I knew the teacher could see and that turned me on.

*

Then one week the boy learning with me was absent, there 
was a death in his family and he wouldn't be at school 
until the next week. I thought to myself, "wouldn't this 
be a great time to show off for the teacher, while we 
were all alone in the car." It would be a great way to 
make sure I got really good grades too. I masturbated 
about it for a couple days till the day came.

As I got into the car I noticed the teacher looking at 
my legs. I'd purposely warn a low cut blouse and a tight 
mini-skirt. When I sat down it barely covered me. I put 
the seatbelt on and as I did my skirt road up a little 
higher. I saw through the corner of my eye him staring 
at my legs.

Having fastened the best I turned and looked him in the 
eyes and said that I'd forgotten that I had driving 
today and had worn this skirt and it was too tight to 
drive comfortably. I asked him if I could hike it up a 
little so it would be more comfortable.

I could tell this made him nervous, but he said that 
would be okay, if it made me more comfortable. I wiggled 
in my seat and watched as my skirt road up to show my 
knickers. I saw him casually rub his cock as I did this.

I drove off down the street and asked him which way I 
should go, he said toward the country to practice on 
gravel roads. I could see his hard-on trying to tear out 
of his tight pants. He tried to hide it, but I looked at 
the tent his cock was making and then at his face and 
smiled and licked my lips. 

He told me to pull over behind an old deserted barn so I 
did. As I stopped the car his hand touched my thigh and 
then slid toward my pussy. I looked over at him and 
asked what he was doing. He said that I had been causing 
him to jack-off almost every day after class. He said 
that I was the sexiest student that he'd ever known.

I could see that he was sweating from nerves, so I 
smiled at him and said that I had fantasized about him 
watching me. That I loved to have older guys watch me do 
things, that it made me incredibly hot, then I reached 
over and felt his huge cock through the material of his 
pants and sighed.

He tugged my knickers to one side began to finger wet 
pussy, and I took his huge cock out of his pants and 
started sucking on it. Then he leaned over further and 
kissed my pussy and then said that he really liked 
watching me tease the boys in school and that he wanted 
to watch me fuck them too.

I stroked his cock a little faster and said that I'd let 
him watch if he wanted, because it turned me on too. But 
that right now all I wanted his cock in me. 

I'm not sure why I let him be the one, but after that 
afternoon drive I was a virgin no more. After that day I 
got into the habit of letting older men watch tease boys 
and then I'd let them fuck me. That's what I liked best.

As I said I am now 20 years old and a junior in college. 
Needless to say I make straight A's in school, mostly 
because I take care of all my professors male and female 
alike. 

END





