Archive name: Lingerie.txt (MF Mdom bd sm bdsm-light)
Authors name: Revelations
Authors email: revelations13@gmail.com
Title: Lingerie (MF Mdom bd sm bdsm-light)
Summary: A short story about what happens if you make your Man suffer through a whole day of shopping for lingerie.
WWW: http://www.asstr.org/~revelations/

I really hate shopping. Of all shopping I hate shopping for clothes the most, and I'd be very surprised if you could find something I hated more than shopping for lingerie. I know you know this as you stand in front of the mirror applying dark red lipstick to your lips, but you don't say "I'll surprise you when I get home ok?", you say
"Come on, it'll be fun. I know the best stores, and I can model a lot more than we can afford, and then surprise you with what I choose."

I know I don't look convinced.

"I'll give you a blow job now, perhaps?"

I'm glad you used that approach instead of being as stubborn as me, and winning because you can start crying, and I can't.

You unbutton my fly, and teasing my cock and balls with your hand you soon have me standing at attention. You take it all the way down at once, and I can feel the muscles in your throat contract when you almost gag. You press your lips hard around the base of my cock, then let go, and move up the shaft a bit, press your lips together. You go like that all the way to the top. Then when I expect you to sink back down again you let go, walk over to the mirror, put on a little lipstick where too much rubbed off, and get rid of the excess by pressing your lips too mine. "There, now I'm ready to go.. and so are you." You giggle as you go to the bedroom to get dressed. I'm left with red rings around my cock, possibly a touch redder lips and definitely a sense of being cheated.

----------------

You've dragged me to every special lingerie shop in the state if I'm not much mistaken, and you've spent as much time trying to embarass me with the cute young staff (no comfortable homosexual supersalesmen for you, noooo) as teasing me sexually while modeling high class underwear. I'm not sure what you've been whispering to the women, but I know they've been giggling a lot more after talking to you. And I'm sure they didn't look that hungry before, or moved like that with other customers. I'm definitely ready to fuck both you and them, or tear you appart, or possibly both.
You've ignored all my whispered warnings that I'm not happy, and now I'm very not happy. It's soon closing time though, and I can't wait getting home so I can fuck your brains out.
"We can make it to one more," you say, and before I can even think of protesting you kiss me hard, stuffing your hands down the front of my trousers to give my cock a few caressing pulls. You back off after just three pulls and I'm left trying not to cum in my pants. My level of excitement, and the surprise of your move have me on the verge of eruption.

The last lingerie shop is the kinkiest, and the girl preparing to lock up, the youngest on our excursion. You talk her into letting us in and she locks up behind you. I sit and try to think of partial differential equations while she's helping you put on one of the better outfits of the day. What I'm really thinking off is spreading your thighs and filling your pussy with my cock, wham bam, fuck me ma'am.
The lingerie is all grey lace and silk, half bra and crotchless panties, suspendies and stockings, extremely high heels, gloves up to the middle of your upper arm and a half mask of grey silk, right out of a venetian maskerade. You're whispering and giggling again and I'm once more angry as well as horny.
"Look at him," you say to the girl, "I've been teasing him all day, and now he's ready to explode, in more ways than one. How about we have him model some underwear for us? It's black you prefer isn't it darling?" I stand up and take some deep breaths to put my anger away far enough not to do something dangerous. Then I take my belt off and bunch it up in my hand.
"Would you excuse me for a moment," I ask the girl, "I think my wife here needs to be punished." She stands there uncertain for a few seconds, obviously trying to figure out how to deal with these odd customers, but it doesn't take her long to decide and she quickly walks out of the room.
When she's gone I tear my clothes off while walking towards you. You grin smugly and say, "I knew you'd rather fuck me than hit me."
I grunt, "Shut up bitch," and stuff my shorts into your mouth, leaving you to breathe the smell of my cock while I push three of the solid chairs on the dais closer together. I place your back to one of the chairs, and your hands on the back of it. Then I grab your ankles and hook your feet over the armrests of the other two chairs. It doesn't look very comfortable, but I want me to feel good now, not you. I grab your waist with big, strong hands and position my cock against your pussy. You're not really wet, I guess they wouldn't have let you try on all that lingerie otherwise. I don't know how you have managed to tease me like that all day and still not be dripping dripping. Well actually I'm not, I want to fuck you, and I'm wondering if I can get it into you when you're this dry. I push a little against your hole, but the resistance is too much, and I let the pressure off a little as you groan. The juices are coming though, and slowly it's possible for me to shove my rod deeper in. You groan through your gag as much in pain as in pleasure as I reach the bottom of your hole, or more precisely, the end of my shaft.
You've gotten soaked in the shortest of time, and as I grind my hips a little against you to enjoy the perfect mold of your tight cave around my shaft and cockhead, I can feel the nectar starting to leak out around my cock. I let go of your hips and your backwards bent legs tremble as they are forced to bear most of your weight. I run my fingers over your pussy lips around my cock, and caress your hardening nipples with one hand as I rub the juices on the other off under your nose. I grin when you close your eyes and take a deep breath. I have to put my hands back at your waist because your weakening legs are putting all the pressure on my cock. I press my fingers into the soft female flesh of your waist, and grind a little against you. Then I start pumping, first slowly out, enjoying the dribble of juice that follow and that runs down my shaft to my balls, and down your crack to your asshole. I start fucking you, fast hard and all I want is to come. After a day of teasing I can't take much of this. I pump my hard shaft into your tunnel, my balls slapping against your ass with a wet sound, and getting ready to supply my payload of cum. Your tits' movements are restricted downwards by the lovely silk halfbra and move in a jagged rythm as they bounce up, then down to be stopped by the bra, and up again. Watching your breasts bounce like that brings me over and I start filling you with cum. I ram my cock as deep into you as it goes and shudder against you as my hot come fills your insides. Almost unconscious from coming, with my cock still deep in your hot cave, I prepare your real punishment for teasing me all day.

Out of your purse I get your little toy. The short, thick, variable speed vibrator. I pull my softening cock out and replace it with the toy set on low speed. Some rearrangement of your crotchless panties ensure that it stays inside you. Then I lift you down from the chairs and exhausted you lie down on the floor. "Don't fall asleep now, your punishment is just getting started." The modeling room of the kinky shop has the necessary implements for me hang you up by your wrists. Before starting to whip you I turn the vibrator up to the medium setting, making you groan against your gag. I get my belt ready to service your body. It will sting, but it will at most make the skin a little red, and the remaining pain will only be dull. I'm no longer controlled by anger so I have no fear of hurting you as I cover your body with strokes from the belt.

For several minutes I hit you, not even letting your tits go free. Most of the time you're standing on your toes moaning, but when I hit your sensitive nipples you try to scream through your gag and loose your balance kicking your feet. When you've had a few more smacks than you can take I let you loose and take the gag out. I hold my arms around you and you shudder and cry softly against me as I caress your tender back.

I take my shorts out of your mouth and kiss you deeply. You press your body against me, shuddering. "Suck me hard again," I whisper in your ear. You reach down to take the toy out before you obey, but I don't let you. I merely turn it back down to low. You kneel in front of me and run your fingers over my soft cock, caressing it lovingly, looking up at me with adoration as you give it a few soft kisses. Still caressing it with your hands you start licking and sucking my balls. I know you can taste yourself on them, and you try to get the whole thing into your mouth. Your tongue bathing my balls, rubbing and stroking them, soon have me on the road back to erection. You lick a finger and rub the wet tip against my asshole, the other hand slowly wanking my hardening cock, and your mouth still working on my balls. When my cock is all hard again I ask you to stand back up. I move behind you and start applying lubrication from a jar to your asshole.

You mutter something that I hear as "Oh please, not up my bum." but I'm not in the mood for argument. I give one still slightly red butt cheek a smack and tell you to be nice. You yelp once and shut up. When your asshole and my cock is all lubed up I stand behind you and bend my knees slightly so I can put my cock against your asshole. I slowly work just the head and a little of the shaft in and you wiggle your butt against me. I put one hand around your chest, the arm just below one breast, and my hand grabbing the other. Before circling your waist with my other hand I turn the vibrator up on max, a setting you never use, and shove my cock all the way up into your ass. As I straighten my knees and push into you your legs leave the ground. I now support all your weight with my cock, with the hand around your chest grabbing your tit, and the arm around your waist. I start fucking your ass but the movement is a short one. You're screaming in pleasure and near pain as the powerful vibrator makes your whole nether area shiver.
I can feel the vibrations in your ass, and they exite me just as much as the tightness of your ass around my short jabs. With all of your backside against me, a good grip on one of your front's advantages and the powerful vibrator exiting us both, I'm already close to my second orgasm.
I press my face hard against your shoulder and tilt my hips back and forth to fuck your tight, wonderful ass. I can feel the buzz of the vibrator from all around, but especially through the thin border between your pussy and your other hole. The sensation it creates in me is almost painful but I keep fucking and knead your breast with my hand. The beginning of your orgasm brings me over, your screams and moans turn into a series of wild scull piercing screams and you kick your feet rythmically. I sink slowly to my knees pumping your ass full of my second load of hot, thick come, groaning loud against your shoulder.
You keep screaming and I turn the vibrator down to low again, my cock still in your ass, and my arms around you. We sit like that for a while, resting, me on my knees and you sitting on my lap. A couple more orgasms, like post-quake tremors, make you shudder, but you don't have the energy to scream. We rest like that for a while, you just sitting on me, and me caressing your stomach, and the breast without fingermarks. Then we stand up and I pull my cock out of your ass and the vibrator out of your pussy so that both your wholes dribble out the left-over come at the same time. Both holes are quite full and you shudder in yet another small orgasm as it flows out and down your legs.


Epilogue.

I look around for the door and wonder how to get us cleaned up to go home and where the girl went, when I hear a muffled groan. Looking towards the source of the sound I see that one of the huge mirrors making up part of the wall is swung a little out from the wall. Opening what turns out to be a mirrored door further, I see that it's a one way mirror... and that there is room for a person with a videocamera in the narrow corridor around the room. The videocamera is alone on its tripod at the moment, as the operator, the young girl, is lying on the ground masturbating like crazy...

What do you think, dear? Do we take just the tape, or should we punish the naughty girl?


------------------------------------------------------
This story is erotic fiction, not a guide to living.
The characters might be acting in manners that are
foolish, dangerous, illegal, or impossible in our
physical universe.
Any attempt at copying acts and actions happen at your
own risk.

This work is copyrighted to the author (c) 2005.
Please do not remove the author information or make
any changes to this story. And don't redistribute it
without the express permission of the author.
------------------------------------------------------