Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Eight: Auntie Maid's Naughty Passion
Summary: Lance's Aunt Nancy joins the maid harem!
Keywords: mFF ff mc inc oral facial creampie anal A2M spank exib voy

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Nancy Heres

I glanced at the clock, seeing the time. It was just a bit past 4 o'clock.

Got a hot date or something? my sister asked. She sat on the couch beside me in her maid's uniform. It was something I'd never expected my sister to wear. So revealing. It was like a Halloween costume I would wear.

In fact, I had worn a sexy maid's outfit a few years ago. That had been a wild night.

I do, I said. He's young and hung.

Like my son, my sister said. Maria had this wicked gleam in her eyes. 

You are such a bad girl, I said and gave her thigh a playful smack. 

I was wild with my husband, too, Maria said. I just didn't see the need to let the world know.

I shrugged. I'm a sucker for hot guys. You know that. Its how I ruined my marriage. Well, it was never going to last. But I can stay a little longer. I want to see Lance and Kylie.

They should be here any minute. Maria glanced at the clock. It's such a long drive from their school. I wonder if they'll still be going for much longer. It's not like either will need to complete their education now. Or maybe they can do some kind of online learning or something. I don't know. It's up to Master on what he wants to do.

Is it weird having to obey your son? I smiled at her. You've ruled his life for so long, and now you have to let him rule you.

No, it's not weird. A look of ecstasy crossed my sister's face. Her hands rested on her stomach through the black fabric of her low-cut bodice. It's ecstasy, Nancy. It feels so right to do what he says. To love him. Obey him. Pleasure him. When he's back in me... It's indescribable.

My pussy tingled. A wet wave of heat washed through my snatch. I squeezed my legs tighter, my jeans rubbing together. That sounded amazing. Lucky you. Mmm, I never found that with any man. A few weeks and... the next treat grabs my attention.

Poor you, she purred. You really missed out. Having a close connection to your man is amazing. I am fortunate to have it with my husband and now our son. I would never give up either.
Damn, I said, my blood on fire. That sounds

A door opened. I turned my head to see Lance stepping into the living room, a big grin on his face as he stared at me. He looked so different from when I'd seen him only a few weeks ago. A confidence and strength that he had lacked. He was so sure of himself, his eyes lighting up at the sight of me.

Aunt Nancy, he said as he sat down a pair of cardboard boxes he'd been carrying. He was a tall man with brown hair and dark eyes. He looked very much like his father. In fact, identical to him. I'm thrilled you're here.

Auntie Nancy! Kylie said as she set down her own set of boxes. She had black pigtails that spilled around her face. She wore the same sexy maid's uniform with the short and puffy skirt, white thigh-high stockings, and low-cut bodice. Only my niece didn't have as much to fill it out with. You're here! That's so neat!

Hey, kiddos, I said, rising. My favorite niece and nephew.

Then a naked girl carrying a computer held to her side with one arm and a box of cables and peripherals in the other. She carefully set those down, her round tits jiggling. She had curly, brown hair. I knew her. That was Lance's friend Bella. She had a yellow garter about her left thigh, matching the pink one on Kylie and the silver one on my sister.

Mmm, so you two are more than friends, I said with amusement as Kylie darted to me. Nicely done, Lance. She's a cutie.

She's my wife, Lance said, his hand resting familiarly on Bella's rump.

Kylie hugged me. She was short, her face almost pressed into my boobs as she squeezed me tight. I smiled down at my niece. She was just adorable. She stared up at me with such delight in her blue eyes. Her brother and mother had the same blue eyes.

Hell, I did, too. It was the only Heres family trait that my niece and nephew had inherited. They had too much Hayward in them. 

Congratulations, I said as Kylie broke the hug. Wife, huh? That's great. She's definitely a cutie. You did good.

Thanks, Lance said while Bella beamed. She's a great Maid-Wife. And you... He picked up a cedar box that was sitting on top of the other boxes he'd carried in. He opened it and plucked out a red garter. 

The box vanished in a burst of golden light. I should be shocked by that, Lance was, but my entire awareness was seized by that red ring of lacy cloth he held in his hand. The hue saturated my vision. So colorful everything else seemed drab.

My entire body went rigid. A tension seized me. Half-anticipation and half-hope. Almost like when my ex-husband had proposed to me. That same giddy fear. This was happening! My nephew was about to make me his maid.

My hands slid down my body to the waistband of my jeans. I unsnapped them without thought as he approached me. This fiery heat burst through my pussy as I ripped my jeans open. I'd have to cancel that date. Fuck Bill. I had an even hotter young stud now.

I wouldn't need another young, hung stud again. Not when I had my nephew. My Master.
I wiggled out of my tight jeans, pushing them down. I wore a thong beneath. A red one that almost matched the hue of the garter in his hand. I bent over, rolling the pants down my thighs. Bella stood beside my Master as he smiled at me, playing with the garter. He knew I was his.

I stepped out of my jeans, my heart pounding. I straightened then yanked off the baby doll t-shirt I wore. My strawberry-blonde locks spilled around my face. I sucked in deep breaths, terribly excited for this moment. I was so ready for this moment. 

So ready to be his.

I reached behind me and unhooked my red bra. He grinned when my round breasts spilled out. I didn't have my sister's tits even though I had two daughters. She was blessed with all the boobies in the family. But mine were nice and firm. Supple. 

That's good, said my nephew, his hands playing with the garter. Real nice tits, Aunt Nancy.

Thanks, Master Lance, I groaned and hooked the waistband of my thong. I shoved it off, the cloth peeling out of my butt-crack and from my wet pussy lips. 

You have a pierced clit, Aunt Nancy, Master gasped in shock. Damn.

Oh, that's wild, Nancy, my sister said, watching me step out of my thong. 

Yeah, I said, my entire body trembling. Got it a few years ago. It makes sex so amazing, especially when a guy goes down on me. Or a girl. I raised my left leg, balancing on my right foot.

He dropped to his knees. It was like a marriage proposal, only I couldn't say no to this one. I didn't want to say no to this one. My nephew was perfect. Why wouldn't I want to be his woman? My toes flexed, my toenails painted a vivid shade of crimson.

The red garter slid over my foot and up my calf. A tingle ran through me. A fiery rush that shot up my leg and set my pussy ablaze. I groaned, my eyes squeezing shut as I savored the magical cloth sliding up my calf, to my knee, then up my thigh until... 

It reached its resting spot. I was his! His maid.

Master Lance, I breathed as I put my foot down. I opened my eyes to see him rising. He was fully dress. That wouldn't do. He had to relax. He had to enjoy me. His other maids. A hardness set in my features. Get our Master naked right now, maids! I snapped, my words as strong as diamond. Now! Move it, sluts! I'll spank your asses so hard! Then get naked! Our Master needs satisfaction.

Damn, Master Lance said in surprise. Aunt Nancy, aren't you... fiery.

I am your authority, Master, I said as the other three started ripping off Master Lance's clothes. Your discipline. Your strength. I will keep the maids in line. I will whip their asses when they're bad. I'll crush your enemies beneath my stiletto heels! I'm your Dominatrix-Maid, Master. The only one I obey is you!

Damn, he breathed again, his shirt off. My sister folded that and set it on the end table while Kylie and Bella pulled off his shoes, socks, jeans and boxers. His cock popped out hard and magnificent. A proud dick that deserved the best satisfaction.

My tongue flicked over my lips, eager to do just that. To satisfy my Master-Nephew. A hot shiver ran through me as Kylie and Bella finished their quick work. Kylie started taking off her maid's uniform as I stared at that cock.

You deserve the best, Master Lance, I cooed. Mmm, Maria, let's suck our Master's cock together. Lick him. Tease him. Have him cum all over our faces.

Yes, Nancy, my sister purred. She dropped her maid's uniform, naked beneath. Her large breasts swayed heavily as she moved up beside me. Do you want us to suck your cock, Master? Do you want your Mommy-Maid and your Auntie-Maid to love your big dick?

Fuck, yes, growled Lance. Both of you, on your knees!

Yes, Master, my sister and I said at the same time.

We dropped to our knees before Master Lance. This incestuous rush of blowing my sister's son with her washed through me. My pussy clenched, this wild heat rushing through me. I felt so wicked as I pressed my cheek against my sister's. We served our Master together.

It felt so right to be doing this with my older sister.

Our tongues licked at his shaft. We traveled up him together. He groaned as we licked at him, his dick twitching and throbbing against our tongues. This wild heat swept through me. I felt so good. My cunt blazed so hot. Our tongues climbed higher and higher up his shaft until we brushed the tip.

The salty flavor of his precum spilled over my tongue as my sister and I licked at our dominating Master's cock. He groaned, his dick twitching as we bathed his crown. It felt so wild. My sister and were sharing him. Our tongues brushed.

Then we kissed. 

Yes, groaned Lance as he watched my sister and me kiss. It was so hot. Our lips melted together. I loved working my mouth on his. This wonderful heat swept through me. My heart pounded in my chest. I felt so amazing right now. That's it. You two... Fuck, this is perfect.

It was perfect. All the women in Master Lance's family had to serve him. My two daughters would make such fierce maids. They were such independent girls. Just perfect for him. I'd have to look out for other such strong women.

We broke our kiss and licked at his cock. Our tongues bathed him. It was such a wondrous thing to do. We shared his precum, gathering up more and more of it as he stared down at us with this hunger in his eyes. This devouring gleam.

He wanted us. He wanted us badly.

I swallowed the crown of his cock first. My sister rubbed her cheek against mine as Master Lance groaned. My nephew's face twisted with passion as I soaked his cock in my saliva. My tongue danced around his dick. I swirled about him, making him twitch and throb.

Fuck, Aunt Nancy, he groaned. You're such a fucking naughty maid. Yes, yes, suck my dick!

Suck my son's cock, moaned my sister. Pleasure our Master. He deserves everything we give him. He needs us, and we need him. His cum. His powerful seed.

I hungered for it as Kylie and Bella whimpered in the background. The two were kissing and groping each other, pleasuring each other while they waited on their Master's pleasure. That felt so right. I loved it so much.

The door opened, and that purple-eyed maid, Cali, entered. She just... watched.

I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down my son's cock. I suckled on him with hunger. I nursed with such passion on his dick. He groaned, his face twisting with delight. I nursed on him with all that I had. It was just an amazing delight.

Yes, yes, yes, he groaned, staring down at me with such hunger in his eyes. That's it, Aunt Nancy. But don't forget about my mom. My Mommy-Maid loves my dick, too.

So much, Maria moaned, my sister rubbing her cheek on mine.

I slid my lips up my nephew's cock and popped off his dick. My sister was there to swallow his cock. She engulfed him with her ruby lips. She suckled on him hard. He groaned, his eyes rolling back in his head. My big sis knew how to love her son.

Excellent. That made me so wet. I rubbed my cheek into hers, feeling her sucking. She moaned around his cock, giving him a hummer. She was skilled at this. Better than I thought. I guessed she had a lot of practice with Master Lance's father.

Shit, shit, shit, groaned my Master-Nephew. That's so good, Mommy. Fuck, you and Aunt Nancy are amazing.

Amazing, I cooed. You hear that, Maria, I don't have to spank you tonight. You're doing amazing. Our Master is pleased with you.

And you, groaned Master Lance. Fuck! Switch. I have to enjoy both your mouths!

Master! I moaned in delight as Maria popped her mouth off his dick. I took over, swallowing his cock with such hunger. I closed my eyes, savoring having his taboo rod in my mouth. My pussy clenched, eager to be pounced by him.

He was hung. Hayward men must all have big dicks. I bobbed my head, sucking hard on him. I nursed with passion, swirling my tongue around his thick shaft. He groaned, his cock twitching and throbbing in my mouth. The salty flavor of his precum swelled.

My round tits jiggled as I blew him. I worked my mouth up and down his cock with gusto, wanting to drink down all his cum. He groaned, his hand sliding through my strawberry-blonde and my sister's golden curls. 

Switch! he growled, his voice so strong. So dominating.

I ripped my mouth off and moaned, Yes, Master Lance!
His mother swallowed his dick. She groaned around his cock, sounding so happy to have him back in her mouth. She bobbed her head, working her lips up and down him. I salivated. My pussy drooled. I had never been so excited in my life. This was wonderful.

He groaned as my sister suckled on him. Then it was my turn. I nursed on him with such passion. Such gusto. I wanted him to fire all that cum into my mouth. Just hose me down. I suckled on him with everything that I had.

His cock twitched in my mouth. His salty precum spilled over my lips as my tongue swirled around his wonderful shaft. Then I switched, and she would suckle on him. We traded him back and forth, Kylie and Bella moaning in the background.

Cali just watched.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! Master Lance groaned. I'm going to cum.

Maria popped her mouth off his dick and pressed her cheek into mine. We stared up at him and, together, moaned, Cum on our faces, Master!

Yes, purred the purple-eyed maid. Cum on them, Master.

Lance grunted and erupted.

His pearly cum splashed on our faces. I loved the hot jizz that painted my features. It felt so wonderful to have his cum spilling over me. I trembled as he pumped more and more of his cum from his heavy nuts. He just spurted over us again and again.

It was so hot feeling his cum splashing on my face. He hosed down my features. It was a wonderful treat to have all that wonderful spunk splashing on my forehead. My cheeks. My nose. I opened my mouth wide and caught it on my tongue.

So did my sister. We were both being drenched in his cum. It was so wild having his jizz spurting on us. I loved the taste of him. He gripped our hair, holding fistfuls of our tresses as he painted us in all his spunk.

Fuck! he groaned as his cock fired a last blast of cum. My sexy maids.

A Mommy-Maid and an Auntie-Maid, cooed his Maid-Wife. That's so hot, babe. Just so hot. Ooh, and Kylie. Yes!

Bella squealed in the background as I turned to my sister and attacked her. I licked at the salty cum covering her face. I loved the salty flavor of my nephew's jizz. I was such a wicked aunt. An Auntie-Maid. This was so wild. I loved it so much. My cunt was on fire.

My sister licked at the cum on my features, too. She gathered up the spunk then kissed me. I shuddered as she shoved her tongue soaked in his seed into my mouth. I loved it. I shared the cum I had gathered with her.

We passed his salty spunk back and forth, snowballing it. This was wild. I couldn't believe how kinky this was. How hot. How forbidden. But not here. Not in Hayward manor. Nothing was forbidden in this wonderful place.

Her hands squeezed my tits as we passed his cum back and forth. I groped her big boobs. Soft and so wonderful to play with. Master Lance stood over us, his cock twitching as he smiled down at us. He loved what he saw.

Fuck, this is perfect, he said. All of my five maids are chosen. Damn, and you all are so hot. I can't wait for Ms. Docea to get here.

Who was she? I couldn't wait to meet her.

I broke the kiss with my sister and glanced at Master Lance. Do you wish to fuck me? I arched my eyes in a challenging way. While I eat out my sister's pussy.

That sounds perfect, Master Lance said, his eyes staring at me with speculation. Like he was trying to figure me out. Good. 

You heard her, sister-slut! I hissed and smacked one of her big boobs. Get on your back. I'm going to eat that naughty cunt of yours. Master wants me to.

Yes, Nancy, Maria cooed as she leaned back, her blonde hair falling around her cum-smeared face. Ooh, just eat me out. I love having a maid devour my pussy. Kylie's so good at it.

I'm better, I declared, Bella panting in the background from my niece's skill.

I ducked my head down and buried my face into my sister's cunt. I pressed right into her blonde curls. Her wet bush tickled my lips. The spicy aroma of her pussy filled my nose. It was an incredible delight to have this moment to feast on her. I was so happy that I could do this. I was so fortunate to have this moment with her. It was a thrill.

I licked my sister's cunt. I savored the incestuous delight of her cunt. I reveled in how good she tasted. How wonderful her cunt felt on my mouth. She groaned, her body quivering from the delight. I gave her. 

I licked at her with everything that I had. I wanted her gasping. Moaning. Crying out in ecstasy. I ached to drown in my sister's naughty cream. She had such a wonderful, spicy musk. It was perfect to indulge in.

Just wonderful to taste.

Fuck, breathed my Master-Nephew. He slapped his cock on my rump. Aunt Nancy, you hot fucking slut. You just love Mom's pussy.

Love it, Master, I moaned and thrust my tongue into my sister's cunt.

She groaned as I did that. I swirled around in her spicy depths, savoring the wicked delight of stirring up her cunt. She squeezed her twat down around me in such an exciting way. She loved what I did to her.

She savored it so much. As I feasted on her, my nephew's big dick slid down my rump to the shaved folds of my cunt. He stroked the thick tip of his cock up and down my slit, nudging my clit piercing. My bud burst with sparks.

Yes, I groaned as he pushed into my labia, nuzzling right at the opening to my pussy. Fuck me, Master Lance! Enjoy your Auntie-Maid's hot cunt!

Yes! he growled and thrust into me.

I groaned in rapturous delight. The best cock that I had ever taken plunged into the depths of my cunt. Big and thick, with such a long shaft that made me quiver. I loved this so much. It was a pure delight to have him in me. I savored that pleasure. It was just pure delight to have him in my cunt again. He was so huge.

Fuck, yes, I groaned into my sister's cunt.

Oh, enjoy, Nancy, Maria moaned, her big boobs jiggling as I lapped at her twat. My son's dick is the best. Oh, Master, fuck your dirty Auntie-Maid hard!

Planning on it, Lance said and drew back his cock.

I squeezed my cunt down on him hard as he thrust back into my pussy. He buried deep and hard into my cunt. I groaned at the feel of his big dick in me. His nuts slapped my clit, twisting my piercing about. Pleasure sparked through me. Intense delight that melted with the fiery heat his pistoning rod churned up in my snatch.

I savored my Master's big cock fucking me. He pounded me with force as I lapped at his mother's pussy. I licked at the cunt that had birthed him. This special snatch that had brought him into the world. I was so fortunate to get to do that.

Just so lucky.

I savored her. I licked at her. I lapped at her with hunger. I nursed with such passion at her cunt as he pumped away at me. He fucked into my cunt with such force. He plowed into my pussy with everything that he had. I loved it.

He churned me up with his amazing cock. He fucked me so hard. He pounded me with such force. It was an incredible delight to have him pounding me as I licked and lapped at my sister's spicy cunt. I gathered up her juices, stroking through her thick lips.

Oh, yes, yes, Nancy, she moaned, her big boobs jiggling.

She humped her furred muff against my face, her curls tickling my lips and nose. 

Eat me! she whimpered.

I'm going to make you explode, slut, I growled and flicked my tongue to her clit, our Master's dick burying deep into my cunt. Just burst and drown me!

Oh, she'll drown you, growled Master Lance as he buried his thick rod into my cunt again and again. His nuts slapped my pierced clit. They were so heavy. Drown her, Mommy!

Yes, Master! Maria squealed, her thighs gripping my dick. She held me tight. It was amazing.

My pussy gripped my nephew's dick. The pleasure built and built in me. I hurtled towards my orgasm. Towards that big burst of rapture. His thick shaft churned me up. His mighty lance thrust deep into my cunt. All the way to my cervix.

He didn't wear a condom. I didn't take chances and made all my lovers wear one because I wasn't on the pill. It messed with my moods. I could be bred by my Master-Nephew. That idea burned in me. My cunt clamped down even harder on his dick.

He pumped away at my juicy snatch. He fucked into me as I ached for him to make me cum. I licked at my sister's clit. I lapped at her bud, my orgasm building so fast in my cunt. I hurtled towards that explosion of rapture.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, about to burst on him. Master!

You like that? he growled. 

SMACK!

He spanked my rump. Huh?

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped, my ass burning. It was perfect. I'm going to cum!

Make my mother cum first, he ordered.

Yes, Master! I moaned and latched onto my sister's clit. I suckled hard on her.
She moaned, her body squirming. She trembled there, whimpering as I nursed on her. I loved the way she gasped. Her big boobs jiggled as I pleasured her. I brought my older sister closer and closer to cumming. To just bursting with ecstasy.

She moaned out her pleasure, her body trembling. She squeezed her thighs about my face as she arched her back. She filled the living area with her passion. Her spicy juices dripped down my chin as she cried out in passion.

Nancy! 

My sister's cunt gushed spicy passion. I groaned, drowning in rapture. I opened my mouth, drinking in all those juices. It was just such a wondrous treat. I savored every moment of gulping down her sultry cream. It was fantastic.

With my sister cumming and Master's big dick plowing into my cunt, I couldn't hold off. His heavy balls slapped into my clit. My piercing shifted through my bud. Pleasure rippled through me. My toes curled as I squealed into my big sister's cunt.

I exploded around my nephew's cock.

Aunt Nancy! growled my Master as he thrust his lance to the hilt in my writhing cunt. Yes!

His cum spurted against my cervix. I gasped as his seed flooded into me. So much of his jizz pumped into me. It was so wonderful to feel a man cumming in me again. My cunt convulsed around his cock, rippling around him as I moaned into my sister's furred muff.

Maria's juices drowned me as her son's cum pumped into my snatch. My pussy rippled around him, nursing out all that cum. It was such a thrill to have all that spunk flooding me. Waves of delight swept through me. My brain boiled in ecstasy.

Oh, god, yes! I moaned. Master! Master!

He grunted as he pumped more and more of his cum into my cunt. He flooded me with all that delicious jizz. I felt so wonderful. I could just float away. I licked at my sister's pussy as the waves of hot rapture swept through me again and again.

Master Lance spurted the last of his seed into my cunt. It was such a thrill to enjoy this moment. I rubbed my face into my sister's cunt, feeling like I could just float away. It was an outstanding moment. My heart fluttered with such fire.

A real man had fucked me. Pounded me. Seeded me. I felt amazing. I was owned by Lance Hayward, which made me one of the luckiest women in the world. I was so glad that I came over to visit my sister in her new home.

Thrilled to be here. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mrs. Maria Hayward

Now, Nancy said as she lifted her face from my pussy. I quivered on my back on the soft carpeting. I have a pussy full of our Master's cum, and you will lick it out of me, my slutty sister. Now!

Yes, Nancy, I gasped. She was so... authoritative. I was older than her, but I found myself sitting up, my big boobs jiggling. Lance didn't object, so I just felt I had to obey Nancy.

Sit on the couch, Aunt Nancy, Lance ordered. That'll put my mom in the perfect position to be fucked in the ass.

Yes, yes, yes, fuck Mommy in the ass, Master Big Brother! Kylie squealed as she rode Bella's face, her pigtails dancing.

Cali watched us. Her purple eyes almost glowed as she leaned against the wall in a shadowy corner of the room. She smiled as she watched us. My brow furrowed for a moment. There was something just at the edge of my memory. I could feel it was so close, like on the tip of my tongue, I just

Nancy pinched my nipple hard and twisted it. No daydreaming, slut! You have to eat my creampie out so Master Lance can fuck your whore-ass!

Right, Nancy, I gasped and turned to find her already sitting on the edge of the couch, her legs spread wide. His cum leaked out of her shaved pussy. Her gold clit piercing dripped with her juices. It looked so naughty threaded through her pink bud. Sorry!

I buried my face into her shaved, sloppy pussy and licked. I feasted on her cunt, not caring that this was incest. I just had to lick my son's cum out of her pussy. My Master-Son's cum. I hungered for his seed. He had already impregnated me. I could feel his daughter in me. Growing.

A new maid for him.

My sister gasped as I feasted on her. My tongue slid through her folds and gathered up the salty cum that leaked out of her. It was a thrill to lick and lap at her cunt. I stroked through her folds. She groaned, her back arching and round tits jiggling. I brushed her clit.

Maria! she gasped.

I flicked it. Played with it. She squirmed there, gasping out my name. It was so hot.

Damn, my Master-Son groaned as he pressed his cock, lubed with my sister's pussy juices, into my butt-crack. I was so eager for him to ram into me. That would be just amazing.  I loved this so much. He worked his cock up and down my butt-crack, smearing pussy cream against my flesh.

He found my anal ring and thrust into me. I gasped as he did that.

He pushed against me. I whimpered, my face twisting with delight as I licked at my sister's sloppy cunt. Her tangy cream mixed with his salty seed. It was such a treat. My asshole widened and widened. I groaned as surrendered to him.

My son entered my asshole. My dominating master filled me up. It was outstanding to have his thick cock pushing into my anal depths. My bowels clenched down on him. He was so big and thick. He made me feel amazing.

Master, I groaned into my sister's cunt. Oh, my god, Master!

Just lick all that cum out of Aunt Nancy's cunt, growled my strong son. Feast on her. Clean her up and make her cum!

You heard our Master's command, slut! gasped my sister. She grabbed a fistful of my blonde hair and pulled me into her cunt. Lick me clean now!

I thrust my tongue into her cunt and scooped out his cum. I shuddered here, my heart pounding a mile a minute. He fucked into my bowels with hard strokes. He buried into me with force. He plowed deep and hard into me. I loved it.

He slammed into me. Fucked me. Thrust his big dick to the hilt in me again and again. My bowels melted around his cock, the heat soaking my pussy. I moaned into my little sister's cunt. I licked out the cum I found in her tangy snatch.

I feasted on every drop of his jizz that I could. My tongue plunged deeper into my sister's snatch to find more and more of his cum. I loved the taste of him. This was an incredible rush. My tongue danced around in her cunt, scooping out his jizz.

Yes, yes, yes, my son groaned as he pounded my asshole. Shit, Mom! You're such an amazing Mommy-Maid!

She is, Bella moaned. Oh, wow, I'm so glad that you're pleasing my Master-Husband.

I had been so caught up in my sister being one of the maids, that I didn't realize my son was married. And to Bella. That was amazing. They had gotten past their fear of ruining their friendship to have something more. 

Bella would make such a wonderful daughter-in-law. My son had such impeccable taste in who his Maid-Wife should be. I was so proud of him. I squeezed my bowels down around his cock as he plowed into my asshole. He buried deep and hard into my anal depths.

Fuck, Bella, my mom is amazing, groaned my son. She's got such an amazing asshole. She's the best Mommy-Maid.

I bet, Bella purred. Oh, Mrs. Hayward, I'm so glad to be your son's Maid-Wife.

Congratulations, I moaned and plunged my tongue into my sister's cunt. I had to find more of my son's cum.

I swirled around in her, looking for all that cum. I scooped out the last of his cum. I only tasted tangy pussy cream after that. But I loved that wonderful flavor. It was so naughty. So taboo. My little sister's cunt juices.

My son pounded my asshole as I flicked my tongue up to her clit. I battered her piercing. She groaned, her round tits jiggling. She gripped my hair, holding me to her bud as I played with her naughty piercing.

This was so much fun. I was so thrilled to do this to her. To enjoy this treat. I loved it so much as she groaned. She tossed her head, gasping out her pleasure as I pleasured her. I licked at her with such passion. She groaned, her body quivering.

Oh, that's it, she moaned, staring down at me with those blue eyes. Fuck, Maria. You're a pussy-loving slut!

I am! I moaned and suckled on her pierced clit.

She gasped while I moaned. My son's cock fucked my bowels fast and hard. The heat melted down to my snatch. My cunt clenched, my juices soaking my bush. I was so close to cumming. Just so close to bursting with pleasure. 

His nuts smacked into my taint as his crotch spanked my rump. He buried into me again and again. He plowed deep and hard into my asshole. I loved it. I squeezed my asshole around his thick dick. It was such heaven to have my Master-Son fuck me so hard.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! Nancy moaned. You nasty sister-slut! I... I... Yes!

She bucked, her shaved twat rubbing on my face. A flood of her tangy pussy cream gushed out. I closed my eyes and drank down all that wonderful passion. It was such a delight. I savored it spilling over my tongue.

I licked and lapped at her cunt with hunger. I feasted on her pussy cream with passion as my bowels clenched down on my son's cock. He buried to the hilt in me. I gasped as that thick shaft lanced so deep into me. The heat melted to my cunt.

Master! I howled and came.

Fuck, Mom, he groaned as he drew back, my asshole writhing around his thick dick as the rapture surged through my body.

His hot jizz pumped over and over into my bowels. I loved that wonderful delight. I savored it as he fired all that spunk into my flesh. It was an incredible moment. I felt so amazing. I savored every second of his cum spilling into my asshole.

Mom! he growled, his seed spurting into my writhing bowels.

Yes, yes, flood her slutty ass, Master! my sister moaned, humping her shave cunt into my lips. I loved the taste of her. The flavor of her snatch.

It was a delicious treat to enjoy. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I felt so good right now. I could just float away. That was how wonderful I felt. My asshole rippled around my son's cock, wringing out the last few drops of his jizz. I felt so wondrous.

I could just float away. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Miles

I watched as my Master-Husband pulled his cock out of his mother's asshole. My mother-in-law's asshole. Mrs. Hayward lifted her face soaked in her sister's pussy juices, and smiled at me. I smiled back at her.

You're married to my son! she squealed and darted to me. She threw her arms around my neck and kissed me.

I clung to her, so happy that she accepted me as her daughter-in-law. I kissed her back, loving the tangy flavor of Aunt Nancy's pussy. I kissed Mrs. Hayward with such passion, our breasts rubbing together. It was so wild.

Now, Nancy said, her voice so domineering, Since you're his Maid-Wife, Bella, you can suck his dick clean. It's been in that wicked slut's asshole. So you have to suck him clean. Now! 

SMACK!

I gasped as Nancy smacked my rump. I broke the kiss with Mrs. Hayward and gasped, Right away, Aunt Nancy!

She's fulfilling her role wonderfully, the purple-eyed maid cooed. That was Cali. She was... different. Mysterious and gorgeous. She still wore her maid's uniform as she watched from the corner. Yes, yes, this is perfect, Master. Perfect.

Thanks, Lance said. He stood over me, his cock thrusting out at me. Well, honey, youre going to suck my dick clean. I don't want Aunt Nancy to spank you too hard.

Oh, I'm going to spank her anyways, said Aunt Nancy. Make sure she's really into sucking your dick. 

This glint gleamed in Lance's eyes. My Master-Husband loved the idea. So did I. It felt wicked. Naughty. I licked my lips and crawled past his mom to suck on his dick. I loved him so much. I would do anything for him.

I reached him, my round breasts swaying beneath me. I opened my mouth, hungry mouth and engulfed his dirty dick. I closed my eyes and savored that earthy flavor of Mrs. Hayward's asshole on her son's cock.

The dirty, taboo flavor made my pussy melt. My hips wiggled from side to side as I bobbed my head. I worked my lips up and down my Master-Husband's cock. He groaned and smiled down at me. He stroked his hand through my hair.

I felt so loved.

That's it, he groaned. Just like that. You're doing great.

Yes, you are, Nancy cooed. The maid with the red garter groped my ass. Such a firm tush.

Yep! Kylie said with pride as if she was responsible for my cute ass.

Just perfect for spanking, continued Nancy. Her hand drew back.

SMACK!

I moaned around Lance's cock. I suckled hard on him, buffing off the sour flavor of his Mommy-Maid's asshole. I loved that flavor. I nursed hard on him, bobbing my head. My lips slid up and down his thick rod.

Yes, yes, yes, he groaned. Fuck, you're amazing, Bella! 

SMACK!
Mmm, she is putting her all into sucking your dick, Master Lance, Nancy cooed, her hand stroking over my burning rump.

She loves me, said Lance, his blue eyes staring down at me.

I love you, too, Kylie said.

Yes, you do, groaned my Master-Husband. And I love you, too. You're my Sister-Maid. How could I not love you.

Kylie giggled in delight as Nancy drew back her hand. I kept suckling on his cock, drool running down my chin. Lance groaned as I suckled on him hard. He stroked his hand through my hair, a big smile on his lips.

SMACK!

My pussy clenched. The heat melted down to my twat from his aunt's naughty spanking. The Dominatrix-Maid made things interesting. My rump burned as my tongue danced around his cock. I buffed off that sour flavor.

I worked my lips up and down his cock. I suckled on him, nursing with so much passion on that mighty shaft.

SMACK!

I squealed around Lance's cock. I loved my Master-Husband's dirty dick, my tongue swirling around him.

SMACK!

You're not even deep-throating him, Nancy said, disappointment in her tone.

SMACK!

How can you really clean our Master's dick if you don't swallow him all!

SMACK!

The pain burning in my rump, I knew she was right. I groaned and slid my lips farther down his shaft. He brushed the back of my throat. I had to take him all. I relaxed my gullet and swallowed him. He groaned as I did that. 

Fuck, yes, Bella! He slid his hand through my curly hair. You're amazing.

SMACK!

Yes, that's it, purred Nancy, her hand stroking over my blazing ass. Take all of his dick, you slutty maid. You're his wife. Worship him! Hold nothing back!

Nothing!

The sour flavor of Mrs. Hayward's cock swelled as I took more and more of him. I reached all the way down to his brown bush. His pubic hair spilled over my lips. I loved the feel of him on me. It was such a sexy thing.

I had him all in my mouth. 

My tongue swirled around him, polishing his dick clean of his mother's asshole.

I buffed him. Loved him. He groaned as I did that. He savored the feel of my tongue dancing around his dick. It was an exciting experience to do this to him. I felt so wicked as I swirled my tongue about his cock.

He groaned as I did that. I felt so good about it. He smiled down at me. I wicked up at him as I polished his dick clean. Nancy stroked my burning ass, watching and approving of my job. I kept nursing on his full dick, my throat massaging his shaft, until that sour flavor melted away.

I had cleaned his dick.

I suckled up his shaft, moaning my delight. He popped out of my gullet. My tongue danced around his crown. I pleasured him as he groaned. His smile grew. I knew he was coming closer and closer to cumming.

That's it, he groaned.

Mmm, keep sucking, wifey-slut, cooed Nancy.

Yes, yes, you're such a good daughter-in-law, Mrs. Hayward said. Just perfect.

Ooh, we're sisters now, Bella! Kylie squealed. Yay! Love Master Big Brother's cock. Make him cum so hard! She clapped her hands together. 

I nursed with all that I had, wanting his cum to pump into my mouth. He groaned, the salty flavor of his precum growing. I knew he was close to erupting. Close to spurting all that jizz into my mouth. I winked at him.

Yes! he growled and erupted.

His cum fired into my mouth. I gulped down his wonderful jizz. I felt so amazing. I loved this so much. It was an incredible rush to have his seed pumping into my mouth. The salty spunk poured down my throat to warm my belly.

He groaned with each eruption. He pumped my mouth full of his cum. I loved it so much. I was so happy. I quivered there, swallowing all of his jizz. It was such a wonderful moment. I felt so happy. Just filled with such joy to drink down all his spunk.

Yes, he groaned as he erupted a last time. Bella! I love my Maid-Wife!

Warmth rushed through me, my pussy burning to cum. I was so happy to pleasure him. I was so thankful to be his Maid-Wife. I would serve him, protect him, and love him until the day I died. I would be the solid foundation that he built his life upon.

I would be his loving wife.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I panted as I slid my cock out of Bella's mouth. I glanced at the clock. It was after five. The sun would be setting soon. Where is Ms. Docea.

I hope she didn't get lost, Bella said. I don't recall you giving her instructions.

Shit, I muttered. I didn't. Does anyone have her phone number?

Bella shook her head. Nancy and my mom both gave me helpless looks. Kylie just shrugged. My stomach sank. If she arrived and some of those things were prowling in the house... I glanced at Cali in the corner.

She smiled. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

It has to be around here, I muttered. I had to reach Master Hayward's house. It was getting darker and darker, the sun about to sink. I thought I knew the way. I was so, so wrong. I didn't even know his address so I couldn't put it in the GPS.

I know I had seen Hayward Manor. Everyone in the community had. The hedgerow. The spiked gate. The whispers about what went on there. It was almost an urban legend. When I was a teenager, I had gone out here on a dare with my friends. That was only fourteen years ago. I should have remembered better and...

This is it! I gasped when I spotted the hedgerow in my car's headlights. The world was getting very dark. I was in so much trouble. Master Hayward told me to be here before sunset. 

I sped down the narrow country lane, looking for the gate. There were no streetlights around here, and the estate was dark. No lights to show off the manor house. It set like a dark shape looming over the hedgerows. Goose pimples shivered down my arm.

Out of the darkness, a lane veered off to a gate. I hit my brakes and turned. My naked breasts bounced and jiggled. I wore only my light-blue garter. My headlights shone on the gate. It was closed, though. But there was a call box. I rolled down my window only for the gate to open before I could hit a button.

The gates creaked with a mournful wail. I swallowed and headed down the lane towards the dark house. My breathing quickened. Something felt... unnatural about the place. Dangerous. I thought I spotted green light flickering in a window. A spectral color. 

I reached the front of the manor and stopped my car, staring at the foreboding doors. I took a deep breath and stepped out of my car. I was at my new home. I headed for the front door.

To be continued...

