Best Laid Plans (Chapter Eight)

As worn out as she was, Willow wouldn’t have thought that any noise could wake her up, let alone a very soft one. But astonishingly, she was indeed woken up by a very faint scratching sound.

She opened her eyes slowly and sat up, groggy and a bit disoriented, and was surprised to see Angel sitting across from her in a chair - sketching.

“Angel?” Her voice was fuzzy with sleep and she wasn’t sure he heard her. But in a moment, he stopped what he was doing and quirked an eyebrow at her. It was way too attractive a look for him. Being all sexy with a girl whose thoughts were at odds with her sexual preference right now was just not fair.

“I didn’t mean to wake you. I’m sorry. You looked so peaceful lying there that... I just wanted to capture the moment.”

“You’re drawing me?” Why? She wanted to ask. She would have thought he’d be sketching Buffy or Connor - someone he loved. Well actually, she would have thought he’d be sleeping. “Didn’t you say you wanted to go to bed?”

“I could tell that you were tired and that you were pretty anxious to get away from the others. I figured that telling them I needed some sleep would be a good way to stop the Inquisition.”

“It was that obvious?”

“You have a very expressive face.”

Was her face really that expressive? Hmmm...maybe it was picking up the slack now that her babbling skills were fading.

He put the sketch pad and charcoal aside, got up from the chair, and came towards the bed. His shirt was untucked and partially unbuttoned. Once again: way - too - sexy. Why was she being punished like this? Was this about the whole doubting-Cordelia thing? Because hey, if the powers decreed that she was a lofty and noble seer now, Willow could get on board with that. Three cheers for Cordelia! Now could they please stop with the sending of the naughty thoughts?

She leaned back against the pillows as he sat down on the edge of the bed; he reached out and ruffled her hair. Think about fishing, Willow, think about fishing.

“How long was I asleep?”

“About two hours or so.”

“Really? That’s all?” She felt like she’d slept for longer than that. She was actually feeling pretty well-rested. Maybe the naughty thoughts had made her more alert. That almost made them a positive thing and at least meant they were good for something besides massive amounts of guilt.

“Yeah. I thought you’d be asleep for a lot longer, but I guess my drawing woke you up. I didn’t think I was being that noisy. Sorry.”

“No...I mean thanks...I mean...you weren’t all that noisy. I don’t know why I woke up.”

He smiled as she babbled. There really needed to be a law against that smile. It was warm and filled with humour and it was...sexy, okay? Sexy! There - she admitted it. Could she please be daydreaming about Tara now?

“Thanks, by the way, for getting me, I mean us, out of that whole awkward thing downstairs. Cordelia and I are still...I guess we’ll always be un-mixy. I mean, I’m sure she’s really nice and all now, it’s just...”

“You two have a history.”

Well, that was one way of putting it. Willow could think of others, but she decided not to share them. “Yeah, I guess you could say that.”

Okay, there was never going to be a good time to ask the nosy and so-not-really-her-business-except-that-i

t-kind-of-was question she was most dying to know the answer to, so she might as well just open her mouth and stick her foot in it right now. After all, one of those women she’d just seen claiming Angel with their eyes in the lobby was likely a roadblock in the path of him getting back together with Buffy and, men being men, even when they were vampires, Willow was pretty sure which one it was. “Speaking of history, or maybe it’s really current events, what’s up with you and Cordelia anyway? If you two are - you know - involved, then I’m sorry I put you on the spot about going back to Sunnydale with me. But I didn’t know. I mean, it’s not like you said anything and there really wasn’t any reason for me to assume that she was your girlfriend and...”
Angel put his finger to her lips, cutting her off in mid-sentence. Sadly, that was a good thing as she was already slightly winded. This was the last straw; Willow was going to see a doctor when she got home. She was too young to have lost her ability to babble.

“She’s not my girlfriend, Willow. We’re not together like that, not really, anyway. She’s...I’m...it’s kind of complicated. Well, no, actually it’s not. We work together, and with her being my seer now, saving the world together, the whole thing with Darla and finding her in Pylea and then Buffy dying and Connor - it kind of created a heightened emotional bond, you know? Plus there’s the fact that...well...”

He stopped for a long moment and Willow finally decided to say something. “What, Angel?”

“I get lonely. It didn’t used to be this difficult. But now, after Buffy...it’s hard to be so alone, without anyone to care about, without anyone to care about me. I tried, I still try, but...yeah, I guess I just wanted to feel something for someone.” He looked so lost, turning his eyes on her with all this emotion in them, as if her were expecting her to make sense of it, and to forgive him. “Plus, she’s not that hard to look at, is she?”

Now that Willow understood - both the earlier sentiment and Angel’s need to diffuse the frightening intensity that had suddenly built up between them. Okay, maybe she couldn’t understand turning to Cordelia, but she could sure understand turning to someone. And in truth, sometimes, when she was alone in bed, missing Tara so badly that she thought she might die, she probably would have welcomed even Cordelia’s arms around her to take away even a shred of the pain of that loneliness.

She and Angel, she was starting to realize, were scarily alike. Two people who weren’t very good at being alone but who for some reason seemed to wind up that way more often than not. Two people sometimes desperate enough to be wanted and needed that they made stupid, even terrible mistakes. Not that Willow was calling Cordelia a terrible mistake.

“I understand, Angel. I do.”

“I know.”

And now it was Willow’s turn to try and lighten the mood. “You seem to be pretty good at figuring me out. It’s a good thing you’re not a girl, mister, or...”

“Or what?” Angel’s eyes sparkled with mischief. A little too much mischief. And the wrong kind (or right kind, if Willow’s hormones had a say in the matter), at that.

“I was just kidding, Angel. And anyway, you’re not a girl, so...”

“So you’d never find me attractive.”

“Yes, I mean no, I wouldn’t. I mean, not that you’re not nice looking and all. But I just don’t find you attractive. Because I don’t find any guys attractive. Because I don’t like guys. At all. Not any.” Maybe you could just be a little more defensive and overcompensate just a touch more excessively next time, Willow. Sheesh.

“That’s new, isn’t it? Or were you always that way and Oz was just a closet thing?”

“No!” How dare he say that! “I loved Oz. It had nothing to do with being in the closet or anything.”

“So what, you just woke up one morning and you were suddenly gay?”

What kind of question was that? “No. It wasn’t like that. I mean, after Oz, I did look at guys and all, but then I met Tara and...well...that was that.” There! That should end this rather awkward conversation. It explained everything.

“Maybe you’re bisexual, Willow. Did that ever occur to you?” He smirked slightly and it was very irritating. Okay, sexy, too, but still irritating.

He was laughing at her and Willow didn’t like it all. As if she hadn’t thought about...okay, actually, no, she hadn’t thought she might be bisexual. After Tara, she hadn’t looked at guys anymore so she’d just assumed...All right, all right, so she had sort of thought that she’d just woken up one morning completely and totally gay. So sue her. And no, she had never really thought about the fact that once she became involved with Tara, she hadn’t seriously looked at anybody else, not even girls. Nor had she thought about the role Tara’s expressed fear of her “heading back to Boystown” might have played in her own perception of herself and in what actions and thoughts she allowed herself.

“You know, it’s okay. Being bisexual is perfectly natural, Willow.”

“Oh, I know. It’s not like I’m narrow-minded or judgmental or anything. I mean, how could I be? It’s just that I’m an either/or kind of girl, you know? Pick a team and play? Not that I ever played on a team or anything like that, but...you know what I mean.”

“Being bisexual doesn’t mean you’re undecided. It just means that you don’t see love or lust as a matter of gender. Believe me, being bisexual is just as definite, just as real, as being gay or straight.”

And suddenly a light bulb went on over Willow’s head as she finally figured something out. Something she probably should have already known, but that she just now realized. Much to her shame, she was actually shocked. Although, in her defense, it had been left out of the Watchers Diaries - at least the parts she’d been able to read. “You mean - you? But I’ve only ever seen you with women. And that sounded so much stupider than it did in my head. I’m sorry.” Willow felt like the biggest idiot in the world right now. Couldn’t a sinkhole open up right now for her to fall into? Unfortunately none did and she couldn’t stop herself from opening her big mouth and saying the next thing that came to mind. “Oh my gosh! You and Spike were...oh my gosh!”

And the naughty thought avalanche came tumbling down the mountain of Willow’s mind. In all fairness, however, she was positive there could not be a woman so gay that she wouldn’t find the image of those two men together unbelievably stimulating. Spike, slim and blond and chiseled, being pounded into by Angel, so dark, so handsome...was it hot in here?

Angel was smirking at her. Darn hormones giving her away. Maybe she should try to think about something else.

Unfortunately her only alternative was just as distressing in its own way. What if Angel was right? What if she wasn’t gay, but bisexual? Would she have to tell Tara? What would that mean? Would Tara even take her back if she wasn’t one hundred percent pure lesbian? And what would Buffy think about Angel being bisexual? Not that Willow would tell her or anything, because it really was none of her business, but still - this was turning into one big mess.

Truthfully, though, now that she thought about it, she wasn’t the least bit surprised about Angel and Spike. All the tension between them suddenly reminded her of Xander and Cordelia. But oh gosh was this ever going to make it awkward when Angel and Buffy got back together, what with Spike being one of them now.

“What has you so deep in thought, Willow?” At least he had stopped smirking.

“Just - this whole situation could get kind of complicated. You know Spike’s around all the time now. After all, he’s chipped and he’s kind of stuck with us. The whole 'you guys being exe’s' thing and the whole 'you’ve got the girl Spike wants too' thing could get a little messy. Maybe you ought to sort of tell Buffy about your past and all, I mean, before Spike does or something.”

Angel appeared rather pensive himself for a moment. She’d scared him. Oh no. Considering how defeatist he often was, he might not even want to come back to Sunnydale with her now. He was going to ruin everything! For himself, of course. Because Willow wasn’t thinking for a moment about her friends forgiving her or getting back together with Tara - at least not much.

“I’ll help. I mean, I can explain to Buffy about me being bi and how I’ve never even looked at another guy, or even another girl, the whole time I’ve been with Tara and...oh gosh, what if she says something to Tara. Not that I wasn’t going to say anything to her myself - except that I kind of wasn’t. But never mind, if it will help you and Buffy, I’ll figure out how to deal with Tara and the whole 'not exactly entirely gay' issue and she’ll still take me back. I know she will. Because she knows how much I love her and how much she means to me. I even gave up magick for her. Until today, that is, but that’s different and she’ll realize that, even if she was pretty insistent that I had to go absolutely cold turkey, right?”

Willow was hopelessly tangled up in her own words and this time it wasn’t even the fact that she was almost panting for breath that made her stop. She was less than a sentence away from talking herself out of believing in the certainty of her own happily-ever-after and it terrified her. She refused to let the words be spoken. If she never said them, they wouldn’t be true. Angel to the rescue.

“She’ll understand, Willow. I’ll make sure of that. I just hope she also understands that...she’s lucky to have you. You’re a very special lady.”

Angel’s hand was on her cheek now and Willow felt strange - good strange, which was just plain bad. The kind of strange where you feel like someone is about to kiss you for the very first time. That would be wrong - so, so wrong. How had they gotten here from talking about getting back together with the people they loved? This could really ruin everything. Well, now it was Willow to the rescue.

“You, too. I mean that you’re special, not that you’re a lady, ‘cause you’re not.” Phew. The moment was lost. And she was so not sorry about that. Angel smiled at her and did that hair-ruffling thing that she was really starting to like, but his eyes were sad. She didn’t understand that, or maybe she did. Either way, she didn’t want to think about it.

Luckily, there was an interruption. Those seemed to happen in a creepily timely fashion of late and on this occasion the interruption was from a welcome source. Connor was crying. Willow practically bounced out of bed, eager to hold and comfort the little boy she’d bonded with so shockingly quickly.

“We better go check on Connor, don’t you think?”

Angel chuckled at her eagerness, but the shadowed look in his eyes stayed. “It’s great that you like my son so much. I just hope Buffy feels the same way.”

He stood and Willow patted his arm in a comforting and entirely chummy fashion. “She’ll love him. Why wouldn’t she? He’s your son and he’s adorable. What’s not to love? Let’s go, Mr. Worrywart. I have a feeling that a diaper needs changing and you’re just the one to teach me how to do it. Tante Willow needs to know these things or she won’t be a very good babysitter.”

“Tante Willow?” Angel seemed a bit confused.

“It means aunt in Yiddish. I’m Jewish, or at least I used to be, remember?”

The look on his face told her he was still confused and Willow decided to just let it go. Today had given her lots and lots of things she didn’t want to think about - what was one more?

“C’mon, let’s go take care of your son.”

Tbc...