"Bet you've never played opposite yourself before, eh?" Mike goads you gleefully, but you're already as excited about the scene as he is -- it's just that you have to slacken your face as makeup fabricates cuts and bruises, matching them to the continuity polaroids. "Let's go over this one more time: today we're running it with you as Caprica Boomer; tomorrow, Galactica Boomer. So we'll do the establishing shots that feature both of them now, and get you in with the green screen later on for the other half. Then everything goes along as normal, only with your body double standing in -- ah, here she is."

The woman who's just walked into wardrobe looks nothing like you. She's of a similar height and build, with spiky peroxided hair and an easy, freckled smile.

"Hey, thanks for being a part of the show," Mike says, shaking her hand. "Meet Grace."

When you greet her -- Mary, her name is -- she's just another professional acquaintance, like any one of the innumerable crew. There's a flurry of costume, and an hour later she's decked out in a carefully-disheveled black wig and flight suit, looking every bit your echo -- at least from the back. You're sitting around drinking coffee with Katee, watching Mike and the cinematographer run roughshod over the set, when her cell phone rings.

"Hi baby," she says. You can't hear the other half of the conversation. "No, we haven't started yet... Yeah, it's fantastic... Uh huh... Oh, really -- so you can't pick him up?... Well, it seemed fine... I guess we don't have a choice... I'm sure he'll be OK... K, hang in there -- bye babe."

"My partner," she explains, when she catches your inquisitive glance. "She was supposed to be out of work by dinnertime, so she could take our son home. He's at studio childcare. But the producer she's working for is psycho, and just switched the shooting schedule all around last-minute, so he's going to have to stay till one of us is done later tonight. But they were really nice there, so."

"Aw, how old is he?" Katee is, like, obsessed with babies.

"Twenty-two months," Mary answers. She's beaming.

You're trying to envision what Mary's 'partner' would look like -- a work-booted carpenter or a high-heeled hairdresser? The only image you can conjure is a double of Mary's face, tanned and open, before it was framed by the accouterments of your character. When you're rolling -- and Katee marches you into the brig with a penetrating affectation of weariness, and you lean against her restraining arm as if wounded (which this Boomer is) and speak to the other Boomer into the empty air -- you conjure the presence of your own double in the cell in the same way, refracted as in a prismatic lens. When it's Mary's turn to stand in for the reverse shots, she sparks like tinder, giving back your lines with a thrum of invigorating energy; you can almost see your next day's performance superimposed on her body.

By the time Mike calls a wrap, you're laughing and linking arms like twins. There's a flash of skin and the knobby arc of spine as she strips off her uniform jacket and undershirt. Then she turns (half-naked, all slenderness and natural athleticism) to catch you before you head back to your trailer. "Hey, want to come down to childcare on your way out and meet David?"

The baby's sleeping when you get there, and Mary peels him gently off the naptime cot. "Here, can you hold him while I organize his stuff?" Your grip is tentative and awkward, but he settles against your shoulder with a child's unconscious innocence, life-warm and endearingly powder-smelling.

As you adapt to his weight, another woman creeps in the doorway, broad-shouldered and sleek. "Oh hi," she says, sotto voce, "I'm Emily -- it's a thrill to meet you. We're big fans of the show." She croons "Hey Davie," and leans close to kiss him on the forehead.

Mary has reappeared. "Stop it with the fangirling, you're embarrassing me." But she kisses Emily nevertheless. Witnessing that moment of casual tenderness, you imagine you could split, sci-fi-like, into two branches: who's to say this couldn't have been you, cradling a son, loving a woman, in a parallel lifetime?

"I just got off," Emily explains, "so I thought I'd come by here to meet you." She gathers up David, and you part ways at the entrance to the parking lot. "See you tomorrow, bright and early," Mary says.

You reply, "I'm looking forward to swapping places with you."