
Hi people. I am in desi boy in the UK and have been a regular reader of the interesting stuff posted here. But never did I get to post any till date. Here's a favorite of mine taken elsewhere from the world wide web.

My mother is working as a head master who has done her B.E.D and since she gets advance increments she is doing her M.E.D with Annamalai University through the post. She has finished the course and had to appear for final. The exam was in Chennai. She has to go to Chennai but as usual father was busy on tour and she requested me to accompany her to Chennai. I applied for three days leave as exams were for two days and one day I planned to spend as holiday.

We started by night bus and reached Chennai by early morning and as I had already booked room in new woodlands hotel we checked in at 6.00. Mom was tired by the journey however she was totally in the mood for the exam, she had her bath freshened up and studied for the exam in the last minute. She went for the exam at 9 am and I spent roaming around. She came back from exam at 1.00 and was again busy with studies for next day. I didn't disturb and come late and slept. Next day she was again busy but said that she will be finishing her exam and will be free by 1:00 am. She came back after the exam and was in a happy mood as she had performed well. I asked her, "mom shall we go to Mahabalipuram and stay for the night and go tomorrow back as it will be very pleasant in the evening". Mom said "OK" as she was in good mood. I checked out of the hotel immediately and booked a taxi and proceeded to Mahabalipuram. There I asked the taxi driver to take to a good hotel he took us to a seaside cottages which were very independent but a bit expensive. I convinced mom and got into one cottage. By that time it was already 4:00 and cold breeze was flowing. I wanted to go into the sea enjoying the waves so I changed into shorts and t shirt and carried one towel. I and my mom got out of the cottage and started walking in the beach. Ours was the last cottage and the beach was absolutely empty. After walking for some distance I wanted to go into the sea so I removed shorts and t-shirt and also the banian. I was in the underwear "mom I want to go into the sea and enjoy the waves why don't you also come". "no I am afraid and I will get wet"

"what mom you have come all the way and don't enjoy the sea what is this nothing will happen I will hold you don't worry"

"no please"

"come on momma", saying this I forced mom to the sea she was unwilling but within her she was also interested and came. She lifted her saree and tucked it into her waist. Her legs were exposed up to knees I went into the sea and mom was holding me by my waist with her arm around it I was enjoying the feelings unknowingly. The waves were coming and touching the legs and the water was slowly touching her saree's edge she was also joyous of the water like a child slowly I was going step by step into the sea and as I was a good swimmer and very confident, "Enough don't go further it is dangerous"

"come on mommy I am there hold me tight"

"my clothes will become wet"

"nothing will happen there is nobody"? Saying this I took her into sea almost up to the knees suddenly one big wave came and pushed us both she was out of balance and fell on me and both of us fell into the water fully and the wave receded. Mom was fully drenched top to toe and her blouse and saree was struck to her body I could see the shape of her boobs and the bra as the blouse was of thin material and also I could see her legs as her saree and petticoat were plastered to her body.

"What re I told you and see I am totally wet what to do even our cottage is far off".

Saying that she came out of water and lifted her saree and started squeezing trying to remove water but she was totally wet "mom don't worry nobody is here you can dry your clothes here without any problem".

She misunderstood me and said, "ok find some stone and help me", saying that she removed her saree and squeezed the saree dry and asked me to hold it on other side and spread it on the beach. I was shocked as my mom was standing in the beach with only blouse and petticoat that too fully wet almost looking like a cinema heroine to be very frank I did not much sexual thoughts about my mom but I was terribly aroused seeing her like that even though my conscience was prohibiting me.

She crossed her hands on her chest to cover her upper portion. "mom even though your saree will get dry your petticoat will be still wet why you don't take my towel and dry petticoat also".

Actually I was terribly afraid to say that but took a chance as by that time my mind was looking at her as a sexual object she understood what I said and looked around and not finding anybody she took the towel from my bag and turning the other side wrapped towel and slowly pulled down her petticoat in that process I saw partly her buttocks. She turned around and squeezed the petticoat and put it down for drying. I was terribly aroused seeing mom in towel from waist and blouse, I got more daring and thought whatever happens I should not loose this chance and said "mom you are an asthma patient why don't you remove your blouse also otherwise you will catch cold and it will be a great problem".

"It is all because of you what if somebody comes here I am doing of shame". Saying that she saw around and slowly removed her blouse and puts it down she had big armpits which was full of hair and two boobs were forcibly held by her bra. My god it was a fantastic sight, she was angry and also enjoying without her knowledge she felt tired and sat down, and from my view it was simply unbearable my own mom sitting in a bra and towel hardly covering her thighs and beautiful exposed midriff. My underwear was straining with the pressure of my prick standing erect. I suddenly got a wild idea, and since I had anyhow decided to take maximum risk. I said "mom if you don't get angry I got a one desire"

"what is it?"

"since there is nobody around I want to bathe in the sea without any clothes", and saying that not waiting for her response I removed the underwear and went into the sea stark naked with a big giant erection.

"You are absolutely a shameless bugger just like your father", and she was laughing instead of getting angry. This gave a great encouragement.

I went into the sea and was enjoying each wave touching my naked body and seeing her like that I wanted to take a chance and I shouted, "mom such opportunity never comes in life why don't you also come again, you can enjoy for some time and by that time the clothes will be dry and you can wear it". Probably by that time, mom was also slightly aroused as she was seeing me naked with the beautiful long hairy prick even though of her own son and since there was nobody around and probably she thought she was safe with me she got up and slowly walked towards me, "You please hold me otherwise I am afraid".

There I was absolutely naked and my mom close to me holding me by my waist only in her towel and bra and the towel also flying high in the air the best site in the world.

Suddenly a big wave came and both of us fell down into the water and mom's towel came off floating away into the sea and I was on top of her holding her tight. My prick was touching her cunt and I just could not be stopped than by any force on the earth. I held her face and kissed her strongly and forcibly remove her bra, I was in no position to stop.

"What are you doing", but her protest seemed weak. "Mom don't stop me you are the queen of my dreams", and saying that I lifted her on both hands and like a hero I took her to the beach. There she tried to wriggle out and say "no no not here somebody might come". Then I understood that she was also willing. I kissed her feverishly all over and entered her cunt and fucked her to the core and I just saw heaven, and I think mom was also by that time in full enjoyment forgetting all relationships and called, "my darling fuck me fuck me kanna aah aah ooh you are great my darling".

Both of us came to a great clima