The Incident (incest, m/t)


Hi, my name is James Jr. but Junior will do.  Im a sophomore in college and have known I was gay since I was in high school. Ive had a few encounters at school but nothing will compare to the encounter I had with my dad. Let me tell you about my dad, James Sr. Hes my best friend in the world. Its not that we hang out together or anything. Its that I can tell him anything; like the time, I told him I was gay. All through high school I knew I was gay. I didnt advertise it yet I didnt deny it. I kept to myself but if invited I would hang out with the guy. My real friends were a few girls who somehow knew my secret without having to tell them. When my mom got on my case about dating, I would bring one of my female friends home to meet her and the issue would go away for awhile. At the same time, if my female friend needed a date, I could always be counted on to fill in. 

Anyway, it was the fall of my senior year and I was starting to think about college, I felt a need to tell the folks that I was gay. For weeks, I mustered up the courage to tell them and finally at thanksgiving, I felt ready. 
My dad and I were watching the football games, mom was off doing something and I blurted out that I was gay. Dad just turned the TV off and told me he had the feeling I was. We talked for hours about gays and the gay lifestyle. He was so understanding and supportive yet at the same time expressed his concerns about the present attitudes toward gays. Mom popped in and out of the room and I could tell she was crushed. After that, I knew I could tell my dad anything and he would respond treating me like an equal.

But what I really want to tell you about was the time my dad and I had sex. I was home for Christmas vacation and mom was at a weekend seminar of some sort. My dad decided that was time for some male bonding. He had gotten some non-gay porn and beer. As we watched the movies and drank our beer, we made snide comments about what was happening on the screen. As we got more and more drunk, the comments got more and more perverted. We were have a great time!

After almost 3 hours of beer and porn, Dad passed out on the couch. Having drank   a beer to his two I was high but not stumble down drunk. I let Dad stay where he was while I cleaned up and then dragged him to bed.
Hes not a big man but it was all dead weight. I dumped him on his back and started removing his clothes.

As I got his shirt off, I felt my cock stir. I never thought of my dad sexually and this was a new feeling. At first, I felt guilty about having thoughts about my dad but my imagination took over and I wondered how he tasted. Looking at his hairy chest, I imagined sucking his nipples. They were hard and peeking out of his chest hair. I couldnt resist and leaned down and kissed his nipple. He didnt respond and I sucked his tit into my mouth. My dick was hard and I could feel myself leaking. I was so turned on that I was caressing my dad and he didnt even know it. Tearing myself away from his chest, I pulled off his pants and underwear. My breathing got faster as I exposed his cock. It was limp and beautiful, nestled between his hairy ball sack. By now I was in lust. I had to touch him, to feel him in my hand and hopefully in my mouth. I got even more excited thinking about drinking his man seed. 

Cupping the limp flesh, I gently rubbed my thumb around the mushroom head pay special attention to the pisshole. There was still no response from dad. He was out cold. Wrapping my fingers around his meat, I stroked him. My dick was as hard as concrete and my mouth was watering. Dad finally responded with a moan
and a hard on. A drop of liquid appeared out of his pisshole. That pushed me over the edge. I had to, no needed to, taste him and I did. Bathing the head of his now rigid cock, I took him in my mouth. I almost came then and there. Using my mouth I made love to his cock. I eased him down my throat and back again. Each time my lips touched his belly, I paused, savoring the taste and feel of him in my mouth and throat. I was aware that his breath was quicker and every time, I engulfed him, I heard a moan. 

It was time to suck the juices out of him and into my belly. I sucked on him faster each time using more and more suction trying to draw his seed from his balls into my mouth. His cock expanded and I was ready. Sucking him as fast and as hard as I could, he spewed his seed. I moved so that only the head of his cock was in my mouth and I could taste his juices as they went down my throat to my belly. His hips bucked a little as he shot his load. I was in heaven. His seed tasted like nothing Ive tasted before. Its hard to describe but it didnt taste like any come I had ever had. It was like nector. I nursed on him until he was soft and let him fall out my mouth. Before covering him up, I took his cock in my mouth once more and give his deflated cock a tongue bath.  I didnt want to let him go but I tore myself away.

I had gotten away with sucking my dad off. He hadnt stirred and probably wouldnt remember much of this night. I rushed to my bed where I jerked off to images of Dad fucking me. 

In the morning, I woke to the feeling of being penetrated. I was on my stomach and my immediate thought was that I was being raped. But the fucking wasnt violent. It was more like lovemaking. Then I realized that my dad was fucking me. This got me hard and filled me with desire. I lifted my hips so that he could penetrate me deeper. He didnt say a word but his cock was making love to my asshole. Still laying flat, I raised my hips with each of his thrusts. I was hot. My dad was fucking me! Like the night before, I wanted him to fill my belly with his seed. 

I began to moan and his fucking got faster. He was still making love to my ass but was more assertive. 

Fuck me, Dad, Fill me with your hard cock. Fill me with your seed I cried. 

His response was to pull me up on all fours and let me have it. Spreading my cheeks farther apart, he pounded and out of me. 

Thats it, fuck me harder. I screamed. 

He grabbed my hips and rammed me with all his might. I felt so full. He continued to ram me until I couldnt take it anymore and shot my load into the bed sheets. But he was still hard and so was I. Holding me, he fell on his side. Lifting my leg, he fucked me. I felt like a bitch dog in heat and he fucked in and out of me. With his free hand, he pinched my nipples which drove me even crazier.

Forcing him on his back, I impaled myself on his cock and rode his for all I was worth. I tightened my asshole wanting to suck the juices out of him. I fucked up and down on him, my own hard cock, slapping against my belly. As I thrust down, he thrust up. I really could feel him in my belly. His hands grabbed my hips and help me fuck myself. I was insane with lust. I needed to feel his seed in me. My whole being was focused on making him cum in me. Slamming myself on his cock over and over, I felt him tense. He moaned and shot his man juice, coating my guts. I was estatic. Grabbing my cock, I jerked myself to the most intense orgasm of my life. I continued to fuck myself but I was loosing steam. He, at this point was letting me do what I wanted. All too soon, he fell out of me and I rolled off. I felt him get off the bed and turned towards him. His limp dick was right there and I kissed it one more time. He smiled at me and left the room. 

I just lay there, basking in the daddy fuck I just got. It felt like I had died and gone to heaven. I never wanted to let go of the feeling. My dad had fucked me and it was the best fucking I had ever! I didnt think that anything would top it. And to this day, I was right.

We never had sex again and never talked about it. Sometimes when he looks at me I caught him with a twinkle in his eye and I know he is remembering. I love you dad, for always and forever.


Tyler Thane
tylerthane@yahoo.com
www.asstr.org/~tylerthane	

