Wedded Bliss - a Slutty Anita Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009


My wife Anita is a slut. She was a slut before we got married,
and remained a slut afterwards. It is one of many reasons I love
her, and asked her to marry me. She mellowed out with me after
the marriage, but stayed true to her nature. She thought she was
keeping her slutty behavior a secret from me, but I have known
about it all along. I waited patiently until what I felt was the
right moment, then revealed that I knew everything, and
furthermore had a few secrets of my own, including the fact that
our four children are not mine biologically. Since she couldn't
bear to have me reveal everything, and lose a substantial
inheritance from her ultra-conservative parents, divorce was out
of the question, and I was in the driver's seat - she would
remain a slut. No more hiding it from me. No longer would she be
a slut only for strangers and others. She would be -my- slut.
(see "Tricked Wife")


Our wedding anniversary was coming up, and I decided to do it up
big. We would have a renewal of our vows in a public ceremony,
and then a second honeymoon in Jamaica. I laid down some rules
for Anita, and told her if she didn't agree, there would be no
ceremony. If she couldn't follow them, there would be no trip to
Jamaica. First, she would have to get fucked in her wedding dress
as close to the ceremony as possible, and not by me. Next, she
would have to agree to fuck anyone that propositioned her that
day, no exceptions. Lastly, she would have to suck off as many of
the guests as she could, save their cum in a jar, and present it
to me at the end of the night. She shuddered a little, but
knowing that she has no choice but to do what I ask, and probably
also because it appealed to her trampy nature, she quickly agreed
to the rules.


We sent the kids off to my mother out of state before the
ceremony, no need to expose them to our x-rated antics. We would
be doing our thing under a lot of people's noses, and the risk of
exposure or being witnessed was very real. They were going to
stay with her anyways, as we didn't want them tagging along for
our honeymoon, and I can't say they were upset about skipping out
early, they probably thought the whole wedding thing was rather
boring.


I had a few suprises in store for Anita at the ceremony, and she
managed a big one for me. My best man, Dan, was going to be in on
the fun. He deserved a reward. He has known about how slutty
Anita is, as he is the only friend I have that knows I had a
vasectomy, and he kept his mouth shut through all four of Anita's
pregnancies. He must have figured that if I knew and didn't care,
that it wasn't any of his business. That is a good friend! So he
would get the 'mi casa es su casa, mi puta es su puta' treatment.
(My house is your house, my whore is your whore, for those who
haven't been exposed to much Spanish). The minister was an old
college chum named Dave, who would also be in on the fun. His
credentials were mail-order, but quite legal, and he had a
history of hanging with hippie communes, free love, nudism, etc.
He would fit right in to my plans for the evening.


Her suprise was who she got to fuck her before the ceremony, I
caught a glimpse of him sneaking into the dressing area. It was
the guy who had videotaped their rough ass fucking in Anita's
little apartment on the side, before I had revealed to her that I
knew everything about her secret slutty lifestyle. He brought his
camera this time, too. I got to see the video later, and it is
now my favorite. He really ravished and ravaged my second time
bride-to-be, sparing no hole and holding back nothing. No wonder
she looked so flushed and woozy as she made her way down the
aisle!


Anita looked incredible and very sexy in her white wedding gown,
with all the trimmings, little bows, veil, and all that. We stood
up before Dave, with Dan at my side, and did our rather
traditional and boring saying of the vows and exchanging of
rings. I was more than a little excited, though, to see the
hickey on Anita's neck, and a few finger marks exposed in her
cleavage. I wondered if anyone else could see them, or if you
needed to be as close to her as I was to notice. I knew she was
most likely leaking that rough trade dude's sperm from her now
well covered snatch. If only the guests knew!


After the ceremony, we ushered everyone out to head off to the
reception party, which was at a different location. As soon as
everyone else was gone, Dan, Dave, Anita and I went back inside
to have a special little private ceremony. Anita was made to
kneel in front of Dave while we recited our vows. This set was a
little different.


"Do you take this woman, whenever and however you want, to fuck,
to pimp, to offer to others, sparing no hole, to be your whore
and slave for as long as you both shall live?"


"I do."


"Do you surrender to this man, to be his whore, to fuck, to suck,
to give your body freely to whomever he may choose, to be his
sexual slave in every aspect of life, so long as you both shall
live?"


"I do."


"As a token of the commitment you have just made, you must suck
the Best Man and the Minister, taking their precious semen upon
your slutty veiled face."


Dan and Dave had their dicks out as quick as could be, and Anita
took up her veil just enough to get them into her mouth. She made
quick work of it, both cocks getting a royal sucking, one after
the other, and sometimes both in her mouth at the same time. Dan
was the first to spurt, aiming well, and coating the veil across
Anita's face. Dave let loose shortly after that, muttering "Bless
you, whore" as he also coated the veil with a large sticky load.


"You may kiss the bride."


I had to peel the veil up, as it was sticking to her face with
all the semen the two of them had shot on it. I kissed my wife
passionately, and could taste their dicks upon her lips, as well
as a little of the semen that had managed to soak through the
veil. We all were laughing and giggling at this point, as we made
our way out to the cars to head off to the reception. I ditched
the veil, and wiped the slime off of Anita's face, and off my own
as well. It didn't take long to get to the party, and get things
in full swing. We cut the cake, and made a toast. Then Anita
threw the bouquet to the single ladies. We had thought about
leaving a treat hidden in it, but thought better of it at the
last moment, no sense pressing our luck.


Next it was time for me to throw the garter to the single men. I
made quite a show out of Anita's sexy legs, clad in their white
fishnet hose, while retrieving the garter to throw. The DJ did
the obligatory "stripper" music while I was horsing around, it
was great! I was very careful not to raise her skirt too high, I
wanted a peek, but I didn't want to risk the audience getting
one. Good thing, too, because she had on no panties and her
puffy, swollen pussy looking well fucked and was still openly
dripping cum. I could have stared at her lovely well-used fuck
box for hours, but I had to play it cool. I tossed the garter,
and wondered if the guy who caught it would smell what I smelled
as I pulled it off. It wasn't soaking, but I'm sure it had a
little goo on it, as some had run down Anita's smooth, sexy thigh
on that side.


We did the first dance to "You Shook Me All Night Long", and the
party got into full swing, helped along by an open bar. Anita
kept disappearing in the company of different guys throughout the
evening, usually only for a few minutes. I was sure she was
keeping to the rules we had agreed on for the evening. I
patiently waited, even though I thought my cock might burst
through my pants thinking about what had already happened, what
was likely happening right then, and what would happen later when
everyone had gone home


Finally the last of the guests had left, and we closed the party
down and went off to our hotel suite near the airport, where we
would be boarding a plane for Jamaica in the morning. Dave and
Dan stayed behind to clean up and take care of things for us, so
we could have our own special moment.


"I had a hell of a time collecting cum in the jar," Anita told
me. "No problem at all getting guys to let me blow them, but
getting the cum collected was a bitch, especially without letting
them know. I'm afraid I wound up swallowing some of it, but I
still got plenty for you."


"Did you get fucked? Did anyone ask to fuck you?"


"No. I had to proposition everyone I sucked off. No one would
make a move, and even after I offered to suck them, they never
asked to fuck me. Sorry, baby!"


"That's OK. I saw that guy you fucked just before the ceremony,
so I'm sure you didn't need any more fucking, he probably pounded
the hell out of you. By the way, the hickey and the bruises on
your breasts were a nice touch, slut." I laughed.


"Fuck, I tried to get him to take it easy, I didn't want it too
obvious I had just been banged hard as I walked down the aisle. I
think one of my friends may have noticed."


"I thought it was great. Is that the jar on the nightstand? Good!
Get up on the bed, whore. Hike that skirt up around your waist,
and spread your slutty legs for me. Damn! He did go to town on
you, didn't he? Fucked you in the ass, too, I see. Well, I'm just
going to have to work that slutty pussy some more, whore."


I grabbed the jar, and pulled out a turkey baster from my
luggage. I dipped the baster into the jar, which had a
substantial amount of sticky white cum in it, and sucked the tube
full. I dribbled a little from the end onto Anita's still puffy
lips for lube, although the load still leaking out from deep
inside would probably have done the job. I slid the baster
between her now well lubed lips, and gave the bulb a squeeze,
pumping her pussy full of strange men's semen. I dipped and
filled the baster twice more, squeezing gobs of white cream into
her cunt each time. There was still some stuff sticking to the
jar, so I stuck my cock into the jar and swirled it around,
lubing my shaft well with the last of the cum Anita had collected
sucking cocks at the reception. I shoved my cock into Anita's
creamy cunt, causing an incredible amount of sperm to squirt out
with loud bubbling noises as I displaced it inside her very full
hole. She was so ready, and so slick, I wasted no time, and began
pounding into her hole with all the force I could bear. The
noises were incredibly nasty, sloshing and bubbling, squishy and
farty. I couldn't think of a sluttier, nastier thing to be doing,
fucking like bunnies in heat, lubed up with the semen of many men
who had just watched us be married in church! Anita must have
thought it was fucking hot, too, from the way she tore up my
back, to the cat-like mewling noises that came out of her mouth.


I couldn't last long. I'd been turned on for hours, and the
sensations of her hot, tight cunt gripping away at me, sliky
slick with semen, were indescribably intense. I pulled out of her
sloppy hole, and shot my own load right into her open mouth. I
made her clean all the cum off my cock, and it took her more than
a few licks to get it all. Then I dived into her muff, and sucked
and licked all those guy's loads from her slutty slot. That was
close to an all night chore! Anita loved every lick of it, and
came too many times to count. We finally collapsed from
exhaustion, but just before we slid away into peaceful slumber, I
spoke.


"I can't wait until we get to Jamaica, baby, and kick this
honeymoon into gear. Slut!"


"Oh my God!"


         &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
