Home Sweet Home

Chapter One

I'm sure you've heard of the Brady Bunch, right? Well, I am living it, but there are some differences. There are seven of us. There are three boys and four girls. Mom was the one that had the three boys and one girl, and Dad had the other three girls. We also don't have a maid, but we have a dog.

Chuck is the oldest at sixteen, Chris is fourteen, and Shelly and I are twelve. We're twins. On Dad's side, Angel is fifteen, Pam is fourteen and April is thirteen.

We have all been together, under the same roof, for about five years now, and have been getting along pretty good so far. It's amazing how much we all resemble that TV family. We do have our moments, but at the end of the day, we are still a family.

I wasn't around when the show was first on TV, but I do watch the reruns when I can. I have wondered at times what they would do with each other if they ever paired off. That would probably come out on cable today.

I have a feeling that Chuck and Angel either are, or are going to do things together. I see how they act when they're around each other. I saw Chuck touch her ass once, so they may already be doing something. Chris and Pam act like brother and sister, so I didn't think anything was going on there. Me, on the other hand...

Two weeks ago, I happened to see an open bedroom door. It was the room that Shelly and April share. I looked in and couldn't believe what I saw. Shelly was bent over the edge of the bed with her nightgown up to her waist, and her panties at her knees. April had her hand sliding back and forth between Shelly's legs. I froze.

Suddenly, April spotted me. She took her other hand and made a shushing motion, then waved me in. I had to slowly open the door more so I could get in, then shut it when I was. April motioned for me to come closer, so I did. Shelly had her face buried in her arms on the bed, so she didn't know I was there. April had me lift my hand toward her, then she grabbed it. She had me put my ear to her mouth.

"I'm going to move my hand out, and you do it," she whispered. I motioned that I didn't know how. "Just rub your middle finger over her clit, and the rest on her pussy."

"What's a clit?" I whispered to her.

"You'll feel a little bump at the top of her lips. That's her clit. Don't rub too hard though." I nodded, and she smiled. She pulled her hand out.

"Don't pull away now," Shelly said, without lifting her head.

"That arm is getting tired. I'm going to use my other hand."

I slid my hand over my sister's ass, then traced the crack down over her pussy. April nodded as she smiled at me. I felt the bump right away, and kept my finger on it. I seemed to be getting more reaction out of her than April had.

"I like it with that hand," Shelly said. "You can use that one from now on."

April stood there watching me. The constant smile on her face told me that I was doing it right. She stepped back, then reached under her nightgown. She pulled her panties off, then tossed them onto the chair at the desk. She then lifted the front of her nightgown and moved her hand over her own pussy, then grabbed my hand and put it there.

"I have a surprise for you, Shell."

"What kind...of surprise."

April grabbed my hand and put it on her ass as she turned. She then lay on the bed next to Shelly. Shelly looked over at her. She saw April's two hands, then turned and looked at me.

"What...?"

"Settle down," April said. "You said that what he is doing feels good. Just go with it. I am."

By then I had found her clit too. She lay in the same position, and soon began to moan. Neither of them moved for a few minutes.

"It really does feel good, Daren. You're better than April."

"I aim to please."

I worked on their pussies for a while, then got an idea. I bent down and kissed Shelly's ass, right at the top end of her crack, then went down to one of her cheeks.

"He's kissing my ass," she said.

I leaned over to April's ass and did the same thing.

"That gives me an idea," April said. "But it can wait."

I worked on them for a while longer and I could see their excitement climb. Suddenly, April put her face into the mattress and I could hear her scream. Her legs trapped my hand where it was, and her whole body sort of melted into the bed. She lay there as I continued working on Shelly. She slowly lifted herself, then stood next to me.

"I could never cum that hard on my own, Daren. I liked that." She sort of pressed herself into my body, then kissed my cheek. "You have a permanent invite to this room."

She had one hand on my chest, that went under my shirt. The other hand went to my ass, then up to my back. As she brought that hand down again, it went under my pajama pants and she squeezed my ass cheek. She brought her mouth to my ear.

"Would you like to try something else?" I nodded. "Would you like to lick that pussy you're playing with?' I nodded again. "Then drop to your knees and start licking. As excited as she is right now, you probably don't even have to lick her clit. Just don't stick your tongue in anywhere." I nodded again, then dropped to my knees behind my sister.

"What...?" Shelly moaned as my tongue first came in contact with her pussy. She groaned, then gasped as I slid my tongue in far enough to touch her clit. She lay her body on the bed, then spread her legs as far apart as she could. She must have twisted her hips upward too because I didn't have to strain to reach her clit. I must have done something right because she climaxed within a few minutes, mashing her pussy and ass into my face. 

April wasn't just standing by watching. She had knelt behind me and slid her hands into my pants. One hand was now stroking my dick and the other my ass. She stopped that when Shelly climaxed, but she pushed my pants down. Her hands were now resting on my hips, with her bare pussy pressed against my ass.

"I'm next," she said. "Let's see if you can lick me and play with her at the same time."

She got up and got back into the position she was in before. As I moved behind her, I pulled my shirt off, then slipped my pants off.

"Could you both lose those nightgowns?"

"Could you take them off of us?" Shelly asked.

I stood up and she raised her body off the bed. I pushed her nightgown up, then off. As I did, my dick slid in her ass crack.

"You took your pants off."

"April slid them down. I just finished what she started."

I tossed her nightgown to the side, then pressed my dick harder against her. I backed off, then knelt behind April, after I did the same to her. She jumped when my tongue found her clit, then she settled into it. Again, it didn't take her long to climax. Shelly had knelt behind me and had her hands all over me. After she settled down, April twisted her body to one side and looked at us. 

"I have another idea," she said. "Shell, get back up there where you were."

Shelly got back on the bed, then April had her spread her legs like she had them before. She then grabbed my dick and pulled me toward my sister's pussy. As soon as it made contact, she started moving it up and down.

"Oh...shit," I said.

April kept that up for a few minutes, then had me slide my hands all over Shelly's body. It was when I leaned forward to go to her upper back that it happened. April had the head of my dick right at Shelly's hole, and she pushed me forward. I was already leaning that way, and I went almost all the way in.

"DAMN!" I heard Shelly shout into the mattress. We froze just like that for a few minutes, then she started to move.

"I didn't plan on this," Shelly said.

"I can't pull it out. April is pressing against me."

"That's...ok. Just don't move."

"How does it feel to have your brother's dick in your pussy, Shell?"

"It hurt...at first. Now, it's ok."

"Daren, how does her pussy feel to you?"

"Warm and wet."

"It's going to get wetter and warmer. Start moving in and out of her."

"But that..."

"She's not old enough to get pregnant. I'm not either, and you're going to fuck me next."

I wasn't new to having a climax, but I was new to having my dick in a pussy. It amazed and delighted me at the same time. I wasn't sure if Shelly was ready, but I started by sliding all the way in. I thought I was going to shoot into her then, but didn't. I started going slowly, but speeded up along the way. I got to where I would have moved the bed if it hadn't been against the wall. 

Shelly went off first. Her face pressed into the mattress and she screamed. About half way through her climax, I shot ropes of cum into her. I grabbed her hips, gripped really hard, then pushed in as far as I could get. With the actions of her pussy muscles, it felt like she was milking me. As we settled down, I lay over on top of her, keeping most of my weight off. I got my face next to hers.

"I'm sorry, Shelly. I just got so excited..."

"That's ok. I really like everything you've done to me. We can do it again, can't we?"

"Anytime you want to. I liked doing it too."

I started moving in her again.










Chapter Two

Shelly went to clean up as I lay on the bed. April sat next to me, Her hands were going all over me, as far as she could reach, but she never touched my dick. 

"You need to go clean your dick off," she said. "Some of her blood is on it."

I got up and went to the bathroom. Shelly had the door closed, so I lightly knocked. She opened it a crack, then enough for me to go in. It looked like she'd been crying.

"What's the matter, sis?"

She leaned against the counter top.

"I don't know. I just started crying." She blew her nose. "That wasn't all your fault in there. April and I have wanted you to play with our pussies for a long time. She's the one that set it up for tonight. We tricked you into it."

While she was talking, I grabbed a wash cloth and washed myself. I stepped over behind her, then wrapped my arms around her.

"I don't want to get pregnant now," she said. "I'm too young to have a baby. Some day, though, I want you to give me one."

"I can't do that. I'm your brother."

"But I don't want anyone else's baby." She turned in my arms, putting her hands between us. "She wants one too, but not now. If we could get Mommy to ok it, you could move into our room, and we could start taking pills when we're old enough."

"I could do that."

There was a light knock on the door, then it opened.

"Are you guys fucking in here too? Let's go."

She left, and so did we. When we got to the room, April was bent over the bed. I went right over and knelt behind her. I slid my hands all over her ass, then brought my thumbs over her pussy lips. She giggled. I had her open her legs more, then I ran my thumbs right down the middle to her clit. That time she jerked.

"Let me show you something, Daren," Shelly said. She knelt beside me, then reached over and pulled April's lips apart. She took one thumb and pointed with it.

"You see that?" I nodded. "That's what you broke on me. That's called a hymen. You have to break that to get your dick into her. That's why there was some blood when you pushed into me. That's like having the skin on your arm rip."

"Damn. That must hurt."

"It does, but I'd go through it again for you."

While she was still holding everything open, I leaned in and licked it. April jerked again. I started licking everything as Shelly pulled her hands away. She was in a better position than Shelly had been, and it was easier to reach her clit. I started to reach down and start playing with Shelly's pussy, but she got up and got onto the bed.

I had my hands all over April too. At one point, one hand was on her ass. I don't know why, but I slid my thumb down to her ass hole. I moved it around a little bit, then saw that she was enjoying it. I put a little pressure on it, and kept moving it around. Suddenly, my thumb went in. She jerked, and her ass cheeks squeezed together. I didn't move my thumb.

"Keep it in there," she said.

I did what she asked. I got so busy with her pussy that, after a while, I noticed that most of my thumb had made it into her. She was getting more and more excited. It was when I hit her clit and I started wiggling my thumb that she went off. She pressed herself back at me, and my thumb knuckle hit my eye. I let her settle down, but left my thumb where it was.

"You...wiggled your thumb...in there." I wiggled it again and she tightened her ass cheeks. "I wonder if you can get your dick in there."

"We could try that sometime."

I stood up and got a surprise. What I couldn't see from where I had been was Shelly sitting on the bed with her legs spread out in front of April. They both looked at me.

"We do this all the time," April said. "I want to do it sometime, right after you fuck her."

"I get to watch then too, right."

"You'll be fucking me when I do it."

She went back to licking, and I positioned my dick at her hole. I shoved into her, and I could feel it with my thumb. She clamped down on my dick, so I stopped where I was. She relaxed, so I slowly went in as far as I could.

"That does feel good," she said.

I started slowly, but speeded up as I saw her excitement rise. I was now moving my thumb in and out of her ass too. I finally got it all the way in, then pressed it in hard. She didn't move back into me because she was still licking Shelly, but I leaned over her and put my other hand on the bed. I started pounding into her then.

"Yes," she squealed. "Hard. Fuck me hard." 

A few minutes later, Shelly went off. She grabbed a pillow and mashed it into her face. After she settled down a little, April went back to work on her. About ten minutes later, they both exploded. Again, half way through theirs, I dumped my load of sperm into April. As we settled down, I slowly pulled my thumb free. I lay across April and that's when I saw that her fingers were in Shelly's ass hole too.

"Getting her ready for me?"

"I just figured that if we can't get on the pills, these would still be holes you can fuck on us."

I slid my hand down her body as I pulled my dick out of her. I pulled up slightly and could feel her ass hole with it. I put just slight pressure on it and it gave way. The head popped through. What I hadn't counted on was her muscles clamping down on it.

"I think that's bigger than your thumb, Daren."

"And that hole is tighter."

I pressed a little more, and just a little more of my dick went in. I moved back and forth, and finally got it all in. It sure was a whole lot different than being in either of their pussies. I waited a minute, until I felt that she had relaxed, then started. She eventually went back to Shelly's pussy. 

I knew that it might take a while for me because the other times took longer than the time before. It did. April had snaked one hand under herself and was playing with her own clit. I'm not sure, but I'm guessing it took about a half hour for all of us. When we did cum, it was all together. It wasn't as strong, but it was well worth it all. 

"Well. Go bro," I heard from behind me. I turned and saw Chuck and Angel standing in the doorway. He had his arms around her shoulders, and his hands out in front of her tits. I couldn't move.

Angel had on one of those see through nightgowns. I could make out her panties underneath, and a heavier material covering her tits. 

"I'm jealous, Angel," he said. "He beat me to it."

"Yeah. And he's got two," Angel said. She turned in his arms and I could see her bare ass. "Does he have to teach you how to do it?"

"No. I think I can figure it out." 

He leaned down and kissed her, then grabbed her ass cheeks. She managed to slip out of her nightgown, then drop it on the floor. He brought his hands around and cupped her tits, as she backed away from him. She ended up lying on the bed next to April and Shelly. I had pulled out of April, and now the two were sitting up. I found something to clean my dick with, then joined them.

"You already ate my pussy before. Take my cherry now." She raised her legs, then slid her panties off. She pulled them back into her chest, then outward, as Chuck stepped out of his pajama pants. He grabbed his hard dick, then got it lined up. He shoved almost all the way in before Angel could react. When she settled down, he slowly entered her all the way.

I couldn't believe what we were watching. Chuck was moving slowly in Angel, now. Shelly reached around and grabbed my dick. As she just held it, it started getting hard. She looked at me, smiled, then started sliding her hand up and down the shaft. She got up on her hands and knees, then backed into me. I slid right into her. I couldn't believe that it would even get hard again, but for some reason it felt harder this time. 

Shelly stopped, reached around, then pulled me out of herself. She moved my dick up to her ass hole, grabbed and spread her ass cheeks, then pressed back. The head went in, but she didn't stop. She pushed back until I was all the way in her. She rose up onto her hands and moved back and forth as much as I did.

I looked over at where our siblings were joined. Chuck was still going in and out slowly, like he was teasing her. We could see her excitement rising too. Shelly's face was just about over Angel's. She leaned down and kissed her sister, then Angel moved her hand under Shelly. She briefly cupped my balls, then moved her hand to her sister's pussy. Angel looked up at Chuck.

"We girls like to play. If you guys can't get it up, we always have each other."

"Except Pam lately," April said. "I don't think she likes it with us anymore."

April knelt behind me, then started moving her hips with mine. I could feel one hand go between us, and she started on her own clit. She brought the other hand around, then brought it between Shelly and me so her thumb and first finger were around my dick. The others pressed against my balls. She stayed there until I started pounding into Shelly's ass. She backed her body off, but left her hand there.

"I'm going to cum in that tasty pussy of yours," Chuck said.

"Quit talking about it and do it," Angel told him.

Just then, they both exploded. He came down on her, but he didn't stop. Even from that position, he kept pounding into her. Her arms and legs wrapped around him, and at one point I think he lifted her off the bed. Just as they went off, Shelly did too. That set me off for the last time. I reached around and grabbed one of April's ass cheeks and she went off too.

We all rested for a minute, then I raised my head and looked at everyone. Angel was looking at the doorway. I turned just as Mom and Dad started clapping.















Chapter Three

I figured that we were in sooooo much trouble. I was wrong. I could see the smiles on their faces, and they didn't start yelling.

"I knew this would happen if we left them all alone," Dad said...still with a smile.

"Yeah," Mom said. "Give these girls an inch and they'll take the whole thing." They started laughing.

Part of the reason that we all started what we did...rather, the girls did, was because Mom and Dad said that they wouldn't be home until tomorrow morning. Dad's office had some sort of party downtown and they were going to get a hotel room for the night. I guess they decided not to. Dad had on his tux, and Mom had an evening dress that showed off a whole lot of her body. It was obvious that she didn't have on a bra, and I didn't see any panty lines. 

"Why are you laughing?" Shelly asked.

"Somebody had better go get something for your brothers to clean up with," Mom said. 

April, the only one without a dick stuck in her, took off, then came back with two wet wash clothes. Chuck and I cleaned ourselves, then sat down. Mom went to the desk chair, lifted April's panties from the seat, dropped them on the floor, then sat down. She crossed her legs, which opened the slit that went up the side of her dress. Part of it went down to her side, and the other side just covered what it had to.

"Where are the other two?" she asked.

Just then, Pam came in, rubbing her eyes and squinting because of the light. Chris came up behind her a minute later.

"What's going on... What the hell?" Pam said.

"You two are just in time," Dad said. He stepped out of their way. "Have a seat, if you can find one."

They came in. Chris sat on the floor and leaned against the bed. Pam found space on the bed, next to April. She had on one of those see through nightgowns too, and as she crawled to her spot, we could all see that she didn't have on any panties. She looked around at all of us, especially Chuck and me.

"I suppose you are wondering why we called this family meeting, right?" Dad said. We just stared at him. "Ok then. I believe we have quite a bit to tell all of you, so let's go downstairs and put on a pot of coffee. Come as you are...or not. That will be up to you." He and Mom left. Chris got up and turned to us.

"What the hell has been going on in here?" he asked. "And why weren't we invited to the party?"

"It seems, bro, that we have our own TV family here and some of us have paired off," Chuck told him.

"Daren has two of us though," April said. "Why don't you two strip and we'll all set a trend around here."

"Chris can if he wants to. I can't," Pam said.

"Why not?" Chuck asked her.

"I just can't right now." She got off the bed and headed downstairs. Chris followed her.

The girls grabbed towels to sit on as we headed for the kitchen. We paired off there too, not sitting in our regular seats. Chris and Pam were already sitting. Mom and Dad passed around coffee and sodas, then sat in their seats. Mom still had her dress on, but had kicked off her shoes. Dad had lost his tux, and had on his undershirt (today they call it a 'wife beater') and a pair of shorts.

"If I had been caught in the same situation as you five were," Mom began. "And if I got the same reaction you got from your parents, I would think that they had lost it big time. Am I right so far?" We all nodded. "We haven't lost anything. In fact, we knew this was coming. We even figured out who would pair off with who. Obviously, Daren did better than we had figured."

"We have some information that we need to finally share, and an explanation for Angel, Pam and April," Dad said. "The explanation first. It's about why your mother left."

"Actually," Mom said. "It all ties in together." She looked around at all of us. "We have been keeping a deep, dark secret. It means that we had to lie to all of you about a lot of things. Starting from the biggest one, the man in all of those pictures we have is...not your father."

Of course we all had questions. Mom raised her hand until we settled down.

"All of your questions will be answered. Please believe us when we tell you that we HAD to lie to everyone involved. When we explain the rest, I hope you agree." We waited for more. "That picture came with the frame that I bought to put a picture of Chuck I when he was a baby. That's when I got the idea. I went back to the store and got several different sized frames with the same picture, and called him my husband. No one questioned me because I never had anyone around to introduce to anyone."

"Who is our father then?" Chuck asked.

"Ahem." Dad cleared his throat. "I am. I am the father of all of you."

"You cheated on Mom?" Angel asked.

"I don't think it could be classified as cheating, because your mother was in the same bed with us...wide awake and joining in."

"I guess the explanation part is... I am your father's sister, and he is my brother. We, like you, fooled around as we grew up. We didn't go as far though. Tina told your father that she would find it interesting to find out what it would be like for her to watch us make love for the first time, so they invited me to dinner."

"Tina was the one that suggested that they have my children, and as many as they could," Dad interrupted. "The only drawback was that she didn't want your mother moving in with us." 

"We were doing fine until April was born. She had problems and can't have anymore children. She wanted a boy so bad she could taste it. She kicked me out of your house for a while, but your father came to visit me. That's how you two were born. I guess that was the last straw. She packed up and left."

"But she left us too," April said. "That wasn't right."

"We know, dear, and I'm sorry for that. There was nothing we could do. We had no indication that she was leaving."

"There was another reason that she left," Dad said. "I think. Your mother and I grew up in a sort of nudist household. We suggested doing that here, but she didn't want any part of it. The night before she left, I put my foot down and told her that my sister, and my children, are moving in, and that we were going to disrobe everyone when they did. She was gone the next morning."

"Wait," Angel said. "Now I remember some things. She was beating Pam for peeing her pants one day and I grabbed her arm. She almost knocked me out when she hit me." She looked at Dad. "You may have just saved our lives."

"I had no idea that was going on," Dad said. 

"That's because she threatened us. She said that she would send us away and we'd never get to see you again."

"Well," Chuck said. "It looks like the good guy won in the end. I, for one, am glad it turned out this way." He put his arm around Angel.

"Now, for the final step," Mom said. "Are you all comfortable like you are, or do you want to put your clothes back on. Raise your hands to keep them off." We all put them up except for Pam. "Ok. We'll make it optional. I, for one, hate clothes." She stood up and let her dress drop. The only thing she had on then were stockings, which she quickly lost. Dad dropped his shorts, and so did Chris. 

Pam just sat there for a minute. She looked at Chris, and I could see him nod his head. She stood up and pulled her nightgown off. Our eyes went right to her stomach.

"Yes. I'm pregnant. Chris is the father."

Mom had a big smile on her face. "How far along?"

"I figure about four months or so. We've been messing around for a year now."

"That makes all of us now," Chuck said. "All we need now is a maid." We all laughed.

"Can you see Alice with no clothes on?" Angel said. We all laughed again. "I may be joining you, little sister. Tonight was our first time, but certainly not our last. I'm not on anything, and never will be."

"I won't either," Shelly said.

"Oh yes you will be," Mom said. "Both and April will be at the doctor's office before the end of the week. After your sixteenth birthdays, what you do will be your business. For now, think of other ways to satisfy your husband."

"Our husband?" April said.

"Your husband," Mom and Dad said together.

"We have other ways," Shelly said. "He got two of each of our holes tonight. That leaves one more. He may find out what practicing on a banana gets him."

"We could call this...'The Brady Bunch Uncovered.'" I said.

"How about if we call it home sweet home for now?" Mom said.

--------------------

Chuck and Angel now sleep in his room, Chris and Pam are in my old room, and I am in with my two. So far everything is going ok. Actually, Shelly got her first period yesterday, and April is angry that she didn't get hers first. It looks like I'm going to have to be a mediator from now on.