Hannah Punishes Her Little Brother, Her Naked Little Brother
by Ashley
Copyright© 2022 by Ashley

Chapter 3

The next morning she is in the kitchen fixing some cereal. She is wearing a onesie and a towelling robe, her go to slobbing about gear.

Ryan comes in from the garden and she turns to him. She is surprised, he is still naked and, amazingly, flaccid. He also has a hand behind his back.

“I just want to say I’m so, so sorry that I peeked at you in the shower, but I couldn’t help it; you are just so beautiful.” and he gives her a single red rose that he picked in the garden. His face is a picture of remorse and her heart and her resolve melt on the spot. She can’t bring herself to remind him that the punishment was only supposed to last one day. She opens her arms and he comes to her and she hugs him tightly and fondly.

“That’s lovely Ryan, thank you. All is forgiven”

“Thanks, you’re so nice”

She can feel his penis through her clothes as it starts to rise.

“New rules though,” she adds, on the spur of the moment, “I don’t want you getting upset again. If you need to touch yourself, you can do it when you want.” She can feel him getting harder. “But still only when you are with me. OK?”. His penis is now fully erect and pressing on her pussy. She pushes him to arms length by the shoulders and he bobs his head enthusiastically, which causes his erection to bob in sympathy.

“God, you’re incorrigible. If you’re a really good boy, tonight we’ll do female anatomy” She decides, there and then, to make sure that today is fun for both of them.

“We’re going to clean the car first, get a couple of buckets of warm, soapy water and some sponges will you? But don’t put any lotion on yet, I want you to do the inside first”

She goes upstairs and changes into a thin, white cotton singlet (no bra) and a pair of white spandex shorts (no panties), then goes out to join him.

She moves her Fathers BMW to the back of the house, then gives Ryan a duster and some window cleaner, and he starts on the inside.

While he does this, she soaps up the outside then rubs herself against the windows emulating a scene from Cool Hand Luke that she has seen.

Ryan gets really excited at this, almost licking the windows trying to get as close to her bits as he can.

Eventually he get’s out of the car and she can tell by the look on his face that he wants to cum. She puts her arm around him and leads him over to the sun-lounger.

She sits down on the edge and puts her arm around his, now slightly tanned, little ass cheeks and holds his opposite hip. She pulls him tightly to her; her face resting on his hip, mere inches from his, literally throbbing, cock. Once again she finds his scent delicious. God, she thinks, if I could bottle that I’d be rich, and permanently horny! She is aware that by no means all of the wetness in her groin is down to soapy water.

“Have at it.” She says softly.

She watches avidly as he takes his prick in his right hand, just below the glans, then begins to move it slowly up and down, just a fingers width or so, to start with. She gets the suntan lotion and drips a little onto his glans.

“Don’t want it getting burnt, do we?”. She sees his grip tighten and the strokes get longer. He seems to be losing control of his hips and she holds him tighter, licking her lips. His hand moves faster and harder still, and she can feel his, already firm ass cheeks, tighten even more. As the spasms start he thrusts his hips forward and his legs shake violently. She actually has to hold him up as he cums, in great spurts, his spunk flying everywhere. When he is finished she lowers him gently onto the bed beside her, and holds him until he stops trembling. I could do this all day long, she thinks.

She realises some of his sperm has landed on her cheek, she takes a finger and scoops if off, then raises it to her face. Without a thought she pops the finger into her mouth; she thinks she can taste his wonderful smell in it. She imagines what a whole mouthful would taste like, and can feel a flood of juices in her vagina as she does.

She sits next to him, rubbing her ass and pussy on the bed in tiny circles and she desperately wants something to fill her up. She thinks of her mother’s toy indoors and shivers at the thought of pushing it up inside her, but, to her amazement, she realises that she wants to stay with Ryan more.

When they are both recovered they make use of the warm sponges to clean themselves up, and carry on with the outside of the Beemer. She is still horny and wants to get his cock up again, so she throws her sponge at him. As she hoped this repidly escalates into a full on water fight, which leaves her clothes almost completely transparent, her breasts and erect nipples are clearly visible through the singlet and the shorts show her vulva and superb ass in stunning detail.

In no time Ryans cock is nailed to his stomach. As he chases her round the car she realises that naked, erect men walking are nothing compared to when they are running and she can’t stop laughing at him, much to his annoyance.

At one point one of his throws accidentally hits her in the face with a sponge, and she pretends to be hurt. When he comes to say sorry she lowers her hands from her face, and slaps him hard on his ass.

“That’s for being bad!” she says grinning, but his penis tells her immediately that he liked it, he liked it a lot!

Their fun is interrupted when she hears someone pulling onto the front drive. She goes through the house to the front door and can see it is a delivery van. Yummy, she thinks, could be my new toy.

The delivery guy comes up to the door and, without thinking, she opens it. His eyes just about pop out of his head when he sees her, and then she remembers that she is about as naked as you can get while still being fully clothed. She loves it, and when she takes the parcel from him she turns and wiggles her ass at him. When she looks over her shoulder he is nearly falling over, trying to walk backwards to his van.

She turns back, laughing, and sees that Ryan has followed her part way into the house. He witnessed all of that and his face is like thunder. God, she thinks, is he jealous?

After some lunch, where the atmosphere is still a bit chilly, and Ryans erection is notably absent, she decides to try and cheer him up. She goes upstairs and puts on her cheerleading outfit, except with much sexier underwear than normal.

She picks up her phone and a Bluetooth speaker and heads off outside.

Ryan is sitting on the sun-lounger still looking a bit grumpy but perks up a bit when he sees what she’s wearing.

She selects one of her favourite tracks that they use for their routines and starts dancing on the grass in front of him. She starts off fairly demurely, gradually adding in some twirls and high kicks. He is definitely interested in what is under her skirt, but only has a semi and still looks a bit mad.

“Did you see that lecherous old delivery guy?” she says, “God, what a perv!”

That seems to mollify him a bit and she does some split jumps, which go down really well. When she does a bit of tumbling and a handstand he is grinning like a fool and his cock is fully hard.

“Do you want to try some lifts?” she asks. These normally take 2 or 3 girls but she is willing to give it a go. He looks a bit puzzled.

“Come over here and stand behind me.”. He does. “OK, put your hands on my hips and when I jump, you lift me up.”

She jumps and she is very impressed, he lifts her quite a way; he’s stronger than he looks!

They try it a few more times until she gets a bit worn out and stops jumping. She has ended up with his cock resting over her skirt but between her cheeks, the base of his cock and his balls are touching her bare bottoms. It feels lovely and they both stand there enjoying it.

She can feel the throbbing and twitching against her asshole begin to increase.

“Don’t you dare...” she says. “But you said I could...”

“Don’t” this time more firmly. “But you are here with me...”

“Don’t” now very softly. “But...”

She feels him start to cum all over the back of her skirt. She moves slightly away from him and flips the back of the skirt up.

“Look what you’ve done!” she cries. He is still cuming and some of it lands on her ass.

“Look at this” she says, rubbing the cum into her butt cheeks.

“You’re a bad boy. A very, very bad boy”. She is still rubbing, her fingers going partly into her crack.

“I think we’re going to have to cancel anatomy tonight...”, she says in her best stern voice. She looks at him over her shoulder and he looks crestfallen.

“Or...”

“Or?”, he replies, hopefully.

“Or...” She leaves him to sweat for several seconds. “Or I could spank you instead?” His little face lights up tnen he looks down mornfully.

“OK ... if you think I deserve it” his voice is tiny.

“Come on then” She takes him by hand and leads him over to the sunbed.

As she sits down on the edge she feels his spunk wet on her bottom and wriggles her ass to feel it more. She spreads her legs a bit and indicates to him to lie across them. He does so, his soft penis resting between her thighs.

She gulps as she looks down at his little ass cheeks. For ages, she just stares, savouring the sight and prolonging his anticipation. Finally she puts her right hand on his left buttock and strokes it gently. It feels so warm and soft and firm and downy, it goes straight to her pussy and she is very moist.

Just as he starts to relax she raises her hand and slaps the cheek, hard. His whole body jumps. She starts stroking the other buttock ... then slap!

She feels the penis between her legs start to swell.

“This is what you get for being a bad boy.” she says softly. Stroke, Slap!

“You’ll think twice before doing that again.” Stroke, Slap!

His penis is jammed against her inner thigh. She can feel the wetness from her pussy soaking into the front of her panties and her vagina is a pulsing mess.

“Bad boy” She says, so quietly that she can hardly hear it herself. Stroke, Slap!

“Bad, bad boy” Stroke, Slap!, Slap!, Slap!, Slap! alternating between the buttocks. He is wriggling on her lap now, his penis rubbing on her inner thigh.

Slap!, Slap!, Slap! His squirming causes his right leg to drop off over her knee. His little asshole peeks out at her between the cheeks.

Slap!, Slap!, Slap! She can see his anus winking at her in time with the jerks of his cock. She can’t resist it. She places the tip of the index finger of her other hand onto the little pucker. His whole body tenses and his asshole grasps at her fingertip.

Slap!, Slap. She pushes the finger in to the first joint and, as she does, she feels him go rigid and a warm wetness on her thigh.

Slap!, Slap!, Slap! He is making tiny whimpering noises and the spunk keeps squirting onto her leg. When he is finally finished he goes limp across her lap and she removes he finger gently and strokes his buttocks with a light, feathery touch.

They sit there like that for minutes, with Ryan occasionally twitching with his whole body, then going limp again.

As she strokes, and tries to ignore her vagina, which is calling desperately for attention, she ponders on her self-imposed rule (which she has just broken). It’s his fault for having such a darling little asshole, she thinks. She didn’t kiss it or anything, did she? That thought makes her pussy tighten. She must not do it again! He is her little brother and he is her responsibility. Stroke, clench. Her pussy is not interested, her pussy just wants to be filled, with anything, anything at all. Stroke, stroke. She is just feeling a bit down when it occurs to her that, while she cannot touch him, nobody ever said that he couldn’t touch her. Her vagina clamps down like a vice as she contemplates ‘female anatomy class’ on that basis. Smile, stroke, stroke, stroke, smile. She can wait. Her pussy will have to wait…


Chapter 4

She goes up to her parents bathroom to get cleaned up and realises that she is getting a bit stubbly. She normally uses an electric shaver because it is easier, but she wants to be extra smooth for the anatomy lesson later, so she borrows one of her Dad’s razors.

She had first started shaving because Georgie had begged her incessantly, and she had given in on the hope that it might encourage him to spend more time ‘down there’. It hadn’t worked, and she has come to believe that he doesn’t really like her taste. She finds that hard to understand; she thinks her pussy juices taste lovely. She keeps shaving because, as long as she keeps on top of it, it feels really nice. She also thinks it looks better; she has quite small outer lips and it makes everything so smooth and little-girl like.

She shaves her legs, then her pussy and then around her asshole, which she doesn’t normally do, but she wants to look extra nice for Ryan. When she has finished she rubs her fingers over her vulva. That feels lovely, she thinks, I might have to switch to wet shaving. She stops rubbing before she has to start washing all over again.

She dresses in a mid-length yellow skirt and a black silk blouse. She doesn’t bother with any underwear, hardly worth it since it will be coming off soon anyway!

She then goes down to the kitchen and starts making them some pasta, to go with the ragu sauce she found in the cupboard earlier. Ryan comes down from his shower while she is part way through, and sits at the table, watching her.

She can see him looking at her ass and tits and figures he thinks she might not have anything on under them; the fierce erection is a dead giveaway. She smiles but says nothing.

As she passes him his meal she leans right over the table, which is quite uncomfortable, but worth it. He gets a good eyeful down her blouse and he grins triumphantly, he knew it!

After they have finished and cleared up they go to the lounge.

“Can we watch some more Euphoria?” he asks. She was hoping to start lessons early but she has waited this long, a little longer won’t hurt, unless she explodes of course!

Ryan lies down on the couch with his head in her lap. She can feel the warmth of his face on her naked pussy; maybe the exploding thing isn’t out of the question, she thinks. She wriggles until she gets his head in the right spot to put a bit of pressure on her clit.

They watch the next episode, although, afterwards, she would be hard pressed to say what happened; she is having a lot of trouble concentrating.

She pushes Ryan off her lap and he sits up. She stands in front of him and puts her hands on her hips.

“Who’s ready for ‘Female Sexual Anatomy 101?” she asks. Ryans hand shoots up so fast she’s surprised he doesn’t dislocate his shoulder.

“Right” she says and slowly unbuttons her blouse. The idea of standing naked in front of Ryan again has got her trembling all over, and she can feel a lovely tingling in her vagina.

As she takes off her blouse she sees her nipples are at full attention, easily over half an inch long. Ryan sits forward on the sofa and licks his lips. His penis is hard up against his stomach. She throws the blouse onto a chair and pulls down the zipper on the skirt. She wriggles the skirt down slowly over her hips, pausing at the top of her public mound. Ryan leans further forward, she can see his hands shaking and he grasps his own knees.

She thinks: this is supposed to be a lesson (of sorts) not a strip show, and pushes the skirt to the floor. She picks it up and throws it with the blouse.

“Right,” she says, “let’s get started”. She’s all business.

She sits down on the couch with her ass near the edge and opens her legs wide. She points to the floor between her legs and indicates with a nod of the head, that he should move there. He kneels between her legs, as close as her can without actually touching her.

“God.” he says softly “it’s so beautiful.” He is gazing in wonder at her pussy and it clenches in response. Has Georgie ever said that? she thinks, has he fuck.

“OK,” she says, “can you see everything alright at the front there?”. His face is bright red and he mumbles something that she can’t hear.

“What was that boy?, speak up” she asks in her best schoolmarm voice.

“I can’t see your, erm, anus” he replies in a quavering voice, “Miss”

She raises her ass off the cushion, cups her cheeks in both hands, spreads them, then lowers herself down again.

“Is that better?”

“Very ... er ... good ... Miss.” She can see his shoulders shaking and has to stop herself from laughing; this is serious stuff. She can just see the end of his penis between her legs and the skin is as stretched and shiny as she has ever seen it. She has never done anything remotely like this and she is finding it incredibly erotic.

“Since you were so keen to see it boy, we will start with the anus.” She reaches around her leg and touches her fingernail on her asshole. “Much the same as men’s, but no prostate, obviously.” Ryan nods, got that.

She raises her hand and cups her left breast.

“Breast or mammary gland.” She massages it softly. Her nipples are incredibly sensitive at this point and she swallows in anticipation.

“Areolae.” She runs her fingernail around the hard, wrinkled skin.

“Nipple.” She grasps it and rolls it between her fingertips and then drags her nail over the tip.

“This is where milk would come out to feed a child, or an adult actually.” She pulls on the nipple as if trying to extract milk from it, it forces blood to the tip giving her a delightful morsel of pain.

“That only happens after a woman has given birth of course.”

Her whole body is shivering and she can feel her juices leaking out of her pussy and running down between her ass cheeks. She shuffles her ass downwards to avoid getting it onto the cushion. This has the effect of bringing her inner thighs in contact with Ryan’s shoulders; she gasps audibly.

“Vulva is the correct name for the outside of a females genitals. It is well padded so that no bruising occurs during intercourse.” She runs her fingers gently over both sides avoiding the centre. What she actually wants to do at this point is ram a minimum of two fingers into her vagina and frig herself mercilessly or better still ... What she really does is to run her finger along her left outer pussy lip, it is slick. She clears her throat, not sure if she can speak properly.

“Outer lips or Labia Majora.” She slides her finger up both sides several times. She looks at Ryans face and tries to read his expression: Devotion? Reverance? Hunger?

She moves both hands down and opens herself to him. She can see him take a huge breath in, and he smiles broadly.

“Is that you, or are you wearing some sort of perfume?” he asks quietly, “Miss”

“It’s just me” she replies.

“God,” he says, “it’s wonderful”. She can see his chest rising and falling as he takes in great lungfuls of her scent. Georgie never..., she thinks, fuck Georgie!

With her right index finger she strokes along her inner lips.

“Labia Minora or inner lips” she says, her voice husky. Ryan leans closer and he is breathing heavily on her, she can feel the warm air from his breath like a feathery touch all over her moist pussy and it sends shivers through her.

Her finger traces upwards pausing only briefly, “Urethra, where urine comes out”, she whispers and moves higher.

“Inside here is the Clitoris, or clit, but it normally hides under this hood.” She touches it with her nail. “I don’t know if it’s got a name, we’ll call that your homework, shall we?”. She squeezes gently with her index fingers and it pops out.

“There it is.” She raises her finger to her lips, wets it and then moves it back, next to her clit.

“It is very, very sensitive and you should never touch it with a dry finger..., or cock..., or anything...” She says, as she just barely touches it with her wet, quivering finger. She doesn’t think she has ever seen her’s so hard and swollen.

“You can see it gets erect just like a tiny penis, and, like yours, it is a girls best friend.” She gives it a last, loving stroke before moving back down, spreading herself again, and pointing to her opening.

“Last, but definitely not least, is the Vagina.” She pushes a finger in up to the first joint and feels it grip her finger hard.

“This is where your penis...” She stops herself. “This is where the penis goes if you want to make a baby or...,” her voice trails off as her finger moves minutely inside her, and she loses her thread. She is right on the verge but she wants him to touch her, to push her over. She rallies slightly.

“Up here somewhere along the top is, apparently, the G-Spot, although I’ve never found mine, as far as I know, and I think I would..., know that is.” She realises that she is rambling now, and reluctantly moves her hands onto her stomach. She takes a deep breath.

“Right, testing time. I name the bit and you touch it. OK?” Ryan looks strangely nervous but also eager, and nods vigorously.

“Vulva” she says. He reaches out and strokes his finger down both sides from top to bottom. She waits and he repeats it. Her pussy is twitching madly now and she is having a lot of trouble keeping still for him.

“Outer lips.” She whispers. His finger dips slightly into the crack and slides up and down, her wetness causing it to slide delightfully.

Her hands move down and she spreads herself wide open, feeling his breath inside her again. Her whole body is trembling with excitement.

“Inner lips.” She breathes. As he touches her she catches sight of his knob, it is bobbing about madly and it is soaked with his leakage.

“Vagina.” It is barely a sound. He puts his finger at the entrance, she can feel her vagina trying to squeeze onto it, her juices are now running copiously between the cheeks of her ass.

“It’s inside there.” He pushes a finger in to the knuckle and her vagina squeezes down on it hard, over and over. She sees the cum spurt out of the end of his penis in great ropes (but he never touched it!), and feels it land on her ass cheeks and then her asshole!

“Anus” she cries out. There is a few seconds delay, then she thanks God when he uses a different finger and rubs her anus in tiny circles; it too tries to grab onto him.

“Rectum, Oh God, rectum!” he plunges his finger into her and she cums in her vagina and her ass simultaneously, gripping and re-gripping his fingers. It has never felt this good. It is all she can do to keep her ass down on the cushion, but she feels she must, to stay in character. Finally the spasms subside and she takes a huge breath.

“Very well done young man, that was excellent.” she says, all schoolmarm again.

He pulls his fingers from her, incredibly slowly, then raises his hand to his face and looks at it. She can see his whole hand is covered with her juices. He puts it to his nose and breaths in, a look of ecstasy on his face. Then his tongue come out and he licks each finger in turn, then the rest of his hand, meticulously licking up every last drop of her.

She is completely overcome and jumps to her feet, dragging him up with her. She cups his face in her hands and kisses him, her mouth opening immediately and their tongues thrashing together. They kiss like this for minutes, their tongues desperate to taste and feel all that they can of each other.

Eventually she moves his face away and looks at him. He adopts a dead pan expression and says, “I’m not sure you should be kissing me like that Miss”

She laughs long and loud and then turns him towards the door.

“Don’t you sass me young man” she strokes his ass then slaps him, hard.

“Fetch a cloth and clean up this mess”

When he is on his knees wiping up she says to him, “You can put some clothes on tomorrow you know.”

“Do I have to?”

“I’ll leave it up to you” she replies.

He stands up and kisses her chastely on the lips.

“G’night Hanna, I love you” he says it earnestly, and then moves towards the door.

They are not the sort of family that says this on a regular basis, or even at all really, and he hasn’t said it in a light tone. She is very flustered and barely manages a lame “Goodnight Ryan,” before he is out of the door.


5