“Stage one, get him to realise I’m here. Done. Stage two, engage him in conversation. Done and done. Stage three, make him feel comfortable enough around me to have a deep and meaningful and confess that I’ve been haunting him for the last week. Not so done.” Harry groaned as he lay on his bed in his newly appointed quarters at the base of the Astronomy tower. Harry had thanked McGonagall profusely for the placement; it was far enough from the student dormitories that his peace wasn’t disturbed, close enough to the staircases so he could move around freely, and didn’t have a time limit to how long he could stay. And it had the added bonus of an internal staircase that led to a secluded part of the tower that could only be reached by using that staircase.

As much as he knew it was wrong, the same thought kept playing in his mind like a dirty little compulsion. He had to know what Severus thought of his appearance at the school. He’d thought the day had gone well; Severus had been his usual snarly self but Harry suspected he’d enjoyed their interaction. He was apprehensive of exposing himself to Snape, to admitting his duplicitous behaviour. There was a chance that Severus would be furious at Harry – not only for lying to him but also for having access to his personal thoughts. If Harry had seen Severus’ anger during the Pensieve incident, he literally shuddered at what would happen after his latest indiscretion.

He didn’t worry so much about getting physically hurt (in fact, he thought he deserved to suffer a bit of pain because of what he’d done), but he wasn’t known as the Boy-Who-Lived for nothing. No, he shuddered at what this was going to cost him emotionally. Now that he had had an insight into Severus’ private feelings, now that he’d seen the man writhing in nightmares and he, Harry Potter, had brought him out of them, there was a connection between them. He did not delude himself on his chances of keeping this bond with Severus, the best he could hope for was for Snape to curse at him, hex him for good measure and throw him out of his ear with the injunction of never darkening his sight again. The worst he could hope for? Harry didn’t want to think about that.

But these fears did not stop him. Harry was Gryffindor through and through. He still needed to see Severus. He still had to follow this through.

*****

When Harry pushed though the walls of Severus’ quarters, he wasn’t sure if the man would be there. Dinner had been a grand affair, students and staff in good humour and their best robes. There were two exceptions; Harry, because he had only brought one set of robes with him, and Snape, who had deigned to make a special effort. When Severus arrived late to the table, Harry was already in his seat, and Snape had thanked him with a small show of surprise when Harry had passed over a goblet of wine. They conversed in low and even tones throughout the evening almost exclusively to each other. At the conclusion of their meal, Harry had invited Severus back to his rooms for a nightcap to continue their conversation but Snape had brushed him off, saying he had a few loose ends to tie up. Harry was not overly disappointed; he would try again next night.

Now Severus was sitting by the fireplace in much the same position he had been in the first night Harry had snuck into his quarters. Harry had taken the precaution of removing his robes and changing his clothes to reinforce in Severus’ mind that he was different. Harry remained invisible and took his former position curled up at the base of the spare lounge chair. Severus’ eyes were half-closed, but soft and dark as they stared at the flames. His body was loose and long-limbered even though his mind appeared to be in deep contemplation.

Harry noted the way the flickering flames marbled Severus’ skin; dark and light chased each other across the smooth plains. His hair appeared to ripple; gleaming and molten. His hands lay open and relaxed in his lap. Harry admired the way his body was put together; square broad shoulders that could carry vast amounts of responsibility and still be unbroken. The length of slender neck, the mobile hands that pivoted around almost delicate wrists. Lean, muscular torso sat atop powerful thighs. An incredible length of leg that was usually hidden by voluminous robes. A face thought to be inscrutable if one did not know how to look. Harry knew that Severus’ emotions played on his face with the subtlety and precision of a haiku; a widening of the eye spoke volumes, a curl of the lip sang symphonies.

Harry realised he was falling in love and made himself visible.

Severus looked up at the sudden flash of colour in his line of sight and blanched. Harry felt a faint blush rise up his cheeks as he smiled a little goofily at the stunned Professor.

“Potter?” Snape asked in a horrified whisper. Harry nodded, eyebrows rising as if to say “Who else?”

“How did you get in here?” Harry decided more practical proof was required, so he made himself invisible and winked back into view after a few seconds.

“Oh, it’s you,” Snape said in relief. He then sat up straight in his chair and said accusingly, “You haven’t been around in the last few days.” Harry’s face softened in apology.

“Not that I gave a damn,” Snape huffed. Of course not, Harry agreed with a quick nod of his head.

Severus hissed in annoyance and took a swig of his whiskey. “You know that you’re here of course.” Both of them knew they were talking about the real Harry Potter.

“I was quite…shocked to see you. I’m not embarrassed to tell you that I felt a bit scared.” Harry frowned. Severus scared? Of him? How peculiar.

Severus sensed his confusion and spoke again, his voice carrying low and easy. Harry’s mind paid attention to the vowels and consonants, but his stomach and crotch was captured and gutted by the inherent growls of the husky voice.

“I liked being in your company today. More than I thought I ever would. You nearly made me laugh on a few occasions, but luckily I managed to cover it up before you’d noticed.” Harry stiffened; he’d almost made him laugh? He would pay 100 galleons to see that face crack a decent smile.

“I sat next to you at breakfast and dinner, and we talked. I found the conversations to be…pleasant. Unforced. You’re not the complete idiot you pretend to be.” Harry resisted the urge to stick his tongue out.

“At midday you bought me lunch and I wanted to throw you to the ground and ravage your soft mouth.” Harry’s jaw dropped open in surprise and his tongue unconsciously licked his top lip.

Severus’ eyes harden as he looked at the pink tip dart out of Harry’s mouth. His voice dropped and Harry felt a rush of blood collect and pool in his cock.

“I wanted to take you right there in front of everyone. I wanted to rip off your clothes and lick every inch of your skin. I wanted to hoist your legs over my shoulders and plunder your arse.”

Harry had to consciously hold back a moan.

“I wanted to squeeze those pert cheeks of yours until you howled. I wanted to bite your shoulder hard enough to draw blood as I worked your cock. I wanted to shove my fingers so far in you, you couldn’t talk for panting. Fuck I wanted you,” Snape growled.

“Why didn’t you take me?” Harry blurted out, then clapped his hands over his mouth as he realised what he had done.

Snape turned white and he slumped back in his seat. His breathing became unsteady and he squeezed his eyes shut, as if to try and focus before he passed out.

“Oh no, oh no,” Harry moaned as he swore at himself in his head. He had screwed up royally this time.

Severus’ eyes slowly opened and colour returned to his face; a deep red that spoke of either embarrassment or rage. It was Harry’s turn to go white as he kneeled up, hands held out in supplication.

“Severus…please, I didn’t…”

“Didn’t what, Mister Potter,” Snape whispered as he became enraged.

“I didn’t want you to find out like this. I meant to tell you sooner but I was having such a good time…” Harry’s words merged over themselves as he spoke quickly.

“A good time?” Snape roared as he leaped out of his seat and stood trembling in fury over Harry’s body. His hands were clenched tightly at his side, his lips almost invisible as they were pulled back in a snarl.

“I didn’t mean it like that!” Harry said, leaning back so far he had to throw an arm behind himself to support his prostrate body. “I meant that I liked being with you. It was a mistake the way it happened but I didn’t mean to make you angry.”

Severus leaned over the exposed body and wrapped a large hand around Harry’s throat, tightening it enough so that Harry froze. “Oh my dear Mister Potter,” Snape spoke in a low undertone, “You haven’t made me angry. I am beyond such simple emotions as anger. There are no words to describe at this moment what I am feeling.”

Snape’s hand tightened on Harry’s throat and Harry let out a moan. “Did you enjoy yourself Mister Potter? Was it fun to watch your old Potions Master demean himself in front of your eyes? Did you like watching him raving in his bed? Did you silently chuckle to yourself at his insecurities? Did you feel sickened with pity when you found out what he had done in his dark, sordid past? Were you filled with disgust when you heard what he said, what I wanted to do with that nubile young body of yours? Did you laugh Harry Potter? Did you laugh?”

“No!” Harry exhaled as his hand clapped onto the vice-like grip at his throat. “Never laughed at you. Was sad for you. Wanted to help you. Liked you. Love you.”

Severus’ hand clenched and Harry saw bright lights sparkle in his vision. “He’s going to kill me,” he thought. “He’s going to strangle me right here and he’s going to kill me.”

Snape’s grip loosened and he pushed Harry away from him. Harry breathed deeply, sucking air into his pounding lungs. Snape picked up his glass and threw it at the wall. The beautiful crystal decanter Harry had admired joined it. As Harry lay on the floor panting and silent, Severus continued to destroy his possessions in an orgy of rage. Glasses, bottles, vials; anything breakable in his field of view was thrown with vehemence, the sounds of objects being destroyed punctuated with the sounds of him screaming with passion.

“Why does it always,” smash “have to be” bang “fucking” crash “me?” thud.

Harry was still upset that he had caused Severus pain, but wanted to make sure he was heard before things got too much more out of control. He rose to his feet and advanced on the furious man.

“This is not just about you,” he screamed into Snape’s face, hoping that shock tactics would work. “I didn’t mean for it to happen this way but that first night you needed someone to talk to and I was there!”

Snape whirled on him; he straightened, using his extra height to his advantage. Harry refused to be intimidated.

“I just wanted to spend time with you, and the more I did it, the more I liked it. I never laughed at you, you dickhead. I respect you too much to laugh at you. I’m sorry for what happened to you in the past, for what I did to you in the past. But I want to make it up to you. I love you, you git!” he cried in frustration.

Snape’s eyes hardened at what Harry said. “You don’t know me,” he growled.

“Yes I do,” Harry countered, eyes shining bright. “I know that you’re intelligent and passionate and trustworthy and powerful and you’re everything I’ve ever wanted in a person and I’ve just worked it out and I don’t just want to fuck you I really love you and why are you looking at me like that?”

“How could I ever trust you again Harry?” Severus murmured.

Harry’s rage was spent and he panted lightly. “I don’t know,” he finally said, a note of defeat. “But I meant what I said – I didn’t mean it to turn out this way. Why can’t you believe me?”

Severus shook his head lightly. “You claim to know me and you ask me such a question. I am a fool, and for you, of all people to see it, I can’t bear…”

Harry was sick of words, words had done nothing to breach the rift between them. He grabbed Severus’ shoulders and pulled the man down into a kiss. Harry mashed his mouth on the cold lips as he tried to express with actions what he could not convey in words. After a moment, Severus pushed his body away.

“You know me so well that you would force me?” Snape said, tears welling in his eyes.

“No,” Harry groaned, “I didn’t mean…” He stopped speaking as Severus rushed to his bedroom, door slamming loudly behind him.

“Oh fuck,” Harry whispered, tortured. He ran his fingers through his messy hair and pulled at the locks savagely. “You stupid prick, my God, what have you done?” he berated himself.

He paced the room, paying no attention to the shards of glass and metal that lay on the floor. His emotions were keen and tight in his chest; anger at himself, indignation at what Severus had said, throbbing pain at what had occurred between them. It built up with such force that he began to weep in frustration, angry tears streaming from his face as he realised the amount of damage he had done. Because of his stupidity, because of his lust and his damn impulsiveness, he had hurt the one person he had ever had these feelings for.

As time passed, his anger waned but the sadness building in him welled. He couldn’t leave like this. He couldn’t let that be the final words spoken between them. If he had to grovel and plead and beg for forgiveness, he would do it. There was no level he would not stoop to, to regain the trust he’d once had.

He walked to Severus’ bedroom door and discounted the idea of knocking. After all his mistakes, impoliteness would have to be added to the list.

Severus was sitting on the edge of his bed, his head fallen into his hands. His body seemed to coil around himself as he shook. Harry’s tears began to flow again, they fell from his eyes moistly and freely. He had not cried like this in his entire life. They spilled down his cheeks, running past the frames of his glasses and dripped down his chin to fall silently onto his shirt.

Harry knelt at Severus’ feet and placed a gentle hand on his knee. “Severus,” his breath hitched in his throat.

Severus looked up slowly, his own tears sliding down his face. Harry’s crying intensified when he saw this – in his entire life, no matter what had happened to the man, he had never seen Severus cry.

A long finger touched itself to his cheek, capturing a tear as it slid down his face. It rubbed the salt-water into his skin, a soft caress that tore his heart out.

“Tears, Mister Potter?” The words were spoken entirely without rancour, more questioning than accusatory. “There aren’t enough tears in me, nor enough time in the world to shed them, to show you what you’ve done to me.”

“Please,” Harry beseeched. His heart and mouth were too full, all he knew was that he had to say this. “Severus,…Sever-,” his breath caught in his throat. “Severus, please,” he begged again, no longer knowing what he begged for.

Severus’ thumb swept softly over Harry’s lower lip. “You have taken everything I am from me,” Severus whispered. “At least leave me to my misery. I don’t want to see your face anymore.”

With a heart-wrenching moan, Harry stumbled to his feet and left.