How Did It Begin?
By: onemadvagabond
Chapter 1

How did it begin?  That would depend on who you ask.  Emily, my girlfriend at the time would say that it started in the summer after our ninth grade year, when she and our friend Mike got stoned and gave each other their virginities which led to everything else.  Mike would say that it doesnt matter either way, what has happened has happened and it doesnt change anything.  I would say that it started a few years before that, when Mike and his family moved into the cul-de-sac where Emily and I lived, because if they had not moved there, then most likely, none of the ensuing events would have happened.  The three of us knew the real answer though, and it was none of those.

There were not many kids our age in our small middle class neighborhood.  Most of them were younger than we were, and a few of them were my sisters age or older.  The rest of the people that lived in our small neighborhood were older couples whose children were in college or out in the world with families of their own.  When Mike and his family moved in, Emily and I were happy to have another kid our age in the neighborhood.

My parents were workaholics back then, still are I suppose, and therefore they did not spend much time getting to know the other families in the neighborhood.  This doesnt mean they were not friendly, because they were.  It just meant that they did not spend as much time at family bar-b-queues.  My father was self-employed at the time and spent most of it growing his business.

Emilys parents were not quite as friendly towards the new neighbors at first.  They were very close with the older couple that had lived there and took much longer to warm up to the Fawlers than the rest of us had.  Once they got over it they became close friends, spending many weekends grilling and playing volleyball in the sand volleyball court that Mikes dad had put in.  Even though my parents were busy more often than not during those times, my sister and I were always invited.

After several years our lives had settled into a comfortable routine.  Saturday bar-b-queues were frequented more often by my parents, and Emily and I had grown to love one another and spend too much time together according to her mother.  Then my grandfather became ill.

----------

Emily and I had been sitting on the steps in front of my house just enjoying the closeness, and start of our sixteenth summer together.  The temperature was already in the middle eighties as summer was now in full swing in our little corner of the world.  The evening prior, my family had gotten back from an impromptu two week vacation to visit my grandfather who had fallen sick the month prior.  My parents had of course gone back to work already and Emily and I were seeing each other for the first time in two weeks.  We had barely spoken to one another before we were holding hands and kissing as young teens do.  I was barely fifteen and horny as a boy that age always is.

She broke the kiss, laying her head on my shoulder, and I spoke first, breaking the moment of complete silence.  Im sorry I missed your birthday Em.

Its OK.  It wasnt your fault.  Your grandfather is sick so I understand, she said while squeezing my hand gently.  Is he going to be alright? she asked with genuine concern in her voice.

Yeah I guess.  He seemed to get better having everyone there.  You know Im still sorry though.  I was pissed when they told me I had to go.  I mean I know hes my grandfather and all, but I barely know him or any of the rest of them.  Was it cool?

Was what cool?  She responded looking up at me.

She seemed different to me, more subdued than usual.  Normally when we were together Emily would be all upbeat and happy, but now she was quiet and seemed pre-occupied.

Your birthday, did you have a good time? I said as I gave a quick tickle to her ribs.

Stop that, and as usual I stopped like she asked.  It was OK I guess.  We just had a small get together with family and a few friends, she said while rubbing her thumb lightly over the back of my hand.

I brought you a present from Arizona.  I hope you werent thinking I didnt get you anything.

Of course I wouldnt think that Evan she said perking up a little, where is it?

Well, its still in my dads car.  We got home a little late and I forgot to get it last night.  Ill give it to you later when he gets home OK.

OK, Emily said and let out a quiet sigh as she looked into my eyes, Evan, she spoke while looking up into my eyes blinking once, you want to go inside?

Sure, what do you want to do? I said as I stood up and helped Emily to her feet as well.

I thought maybe we couldyou know, she said sheepishly as she put her hand lightly on my chest, and looking at that same spot.

It took me a moment to realize what she was saying.  You mean she looked up at me and gave a little smile while grabbing my hand and leading me into the house and back to my bedroom.  She had been in there before, but since no one was home I didnt argue.  Emily sat on the end of the bed pulling me to stand between her legs.  I could not believe what we were doing.  She had rebuffed every advance I had given her for the past year in my attempts to get her to have sex with me for the first time by saying that we were too young, and she wanted to wait until the time was right.  Although I just wanted to get laid already, I had always respected her decision to wait.

What made you change your mind? I said trying to keep my breath under control.  It was already ragged just from the anticipation of what we were about to do.  I was suddenly nervous and excited beyond belief at just the thought that after so much trying on my part we were all of a sudden going to have sex.  I would finally be one of those guys in my class that could say they were no longer a virgin, yet I was more nervous than I had ever been.

Nothing made me change my mind, she said pausing for a moment looking at my mid-section.  I just decided that I want to do this with you, looking up at me then, with those big beautiful grey blue eyes, I love you Evan.

I smiled back to her, I love you too Emily.

With that said she grabbed my belt with her small hands and started undoing it quickly.  She then opened up my jeans pulling them down with my underwear and before I could blink had my already stiff fifteen year old pecker in her mouth, sucking for all she was worth.  I was not sure what to expect, thinking that maybe things would move much more slowly but Emily seemed to have been more eager than I was.  I couldnt believe that she jumped right into it and had taken my dick in her mouth.  We had never even gotten past heavy petting before and here she was giving me my first blowjob, and as far as I was concerned, a very good one.

Emily, oh wow, I cant believe I stopped talking, beginning to breath hard as my head fell back and I blankly stared at the ceiling for only a couple of minutes.  I had never felt anything like that before.  Oh God Emily.  Im gonna  not able to say anything else as my orgasm took over so quickly from the heavy suction she was using on my dick, and the shear excitement of getting it sucked for the first time.  Emily did not back off.  She just kept up her ministrations as my cum shot out of me into her mouth, and without skipping a beat I could feel her swallowing as five hard spurts shot out of me and slipped down her throat with each consecutive contraction from her swallowing.  My knees went week, and she steadied me with her hands gripping into my backside, pulling me further into her mouth.  When I was finished, she pulled off of me with a slurping pop, like she just took a tootsie roll pop out of her mouth and looked up at me.

I guess you liked that? She said with a crooked smile, licking her lips and swallowing a last time, Mmm, you taste so good Evan.

Wow Emily, I cant believe you just did that, I said catching my breath and looking down at her with disbelief.  The whole time my voice was screaming in my head, YES, I just got my first blowjob.

Slowly moving her eyes up to meet mine, taking a moment as if to judge what my eyes were saying, Well believe it, she purred, brushing he long very light brown hair from her face, I think well be doing it a lot more too.  I really liked that.

My dick twitched at that and I knew that it would quickly start growing back to its full length.  Emily scooted herself back onto my queen size bed and lay down in the middle with her head on my pillow.  I was briefly happy that my mom made me keep my room clean.  Emily did see it quite a bit though so my mom didnt have to try very hard.

So, are we going to fuck or what? she asked, smiling mischievously while unbuttoning her blouse and jeans, beginning to push them down over her small hips revealing her light blue cotton bikini panties.  I had not seen her without clothes since we played doctor once years before and seeing her slender hips in those cute little panties brought me back to full attention.

Emily was one of the smaller girls in our class at just a little over five feet, and had features that matched that small stature.  Her breasts were some of the smallest of all the girls in our grade.  I didnt care at all.  She was the cutest girl in our class, and her features helped her to pull that off.  If she had not been so in love with me, she could have gone out with almost any guy in school.  I swiftly pulled my shirt over my head and began taking off my shoes so I could get my pants the rest of the way off when we heard the front door bang shut.  We both froze for a moment before hastily putting our clothing back in place.

Damn, my sisters home.

We got our clothing back together and I grabbed a magazine.  We both sat together on the end of my bed, not wanting to get caught fooling around when she wasnt even supposed to be in my room when our parents were not at home.  I definitely didnt trust my sister to not rat me out, but if we were decent, then maybe she would have a heart.  Its not that we did not get along; it was that Ashley was a kiss ass when it came to our parents, and sometimes that meant that she threw me under the bus.  She also had a grudge against Emily, as well as me so I usually erred on the side of caution as far as she was concerned.

Ashley stuck her head in my room on the way by and gave a quick smile.  What are you guys doing?  You know mom would be pissed if she knew you had Emily in here while they were at work right?  She still gave that little fake smile.

Ash, we werent doing anything, just reading and

Look Evan, I dont care.  Just get her out of here.  I dont want mom coming down on both of us because of you bringing miss goody two shoes into your room.  I have a couple of friends coming over in a few minutes and I dont want you two around while were hanging out.  If you want to do your girlfriend then take her to your fort or something.  With that said, she walked away and down the hall to her room.

Jeez, she is such a bitch?  Maybe shes the one that needs to get laid, Emily said as she got up.

I dont know, maybe.  Come on; lets get out of here before her friends get here.  Theyre all a bunch of bitches too.

With that, we walked out of the house onto the back porch.

So you want to go to the fort? I asked while holding her hand and moving it back and forth just a little.

No, I dont want our first time to be in that dirty old fort.  We can just wait until your sister isnt home.

We sat down together on a little loveseat rocker my parents liked to use when enjoying their evenings, and snuggled up to one another just enjoying the closeness.  I was still a little nervous about discussing what we had just done, considering that she so easily gave me a blowjob, and a very good one at that after not even the slightest nudge from me.  We liked sitting on the back porch.  My dad had built a lattice work style canopy around and over it that had some kind of flowery vines growing all over it to provide the shade.  Asking me what kind of vines they were would be a waste of time though.  I never paid that much attention to anything my dad told me.

I let my eyes wander over my girlfriend.  She was not the most beautiful girl in our class, but as far as I was concerned her cuteness and playful friendly attitude made her the most desirable.  I could just see her eyes from my angle.  Her eyes are amazing.  A light bluish grey that I would get lost in even after knowing her my whole life, and we had known one another our whole lives to that point.

Looking down, I came across the choker that she was wearing.  At first I thought it was the one that I had seen her mother wearing recently so I had not mentioned it, but at further inspection I realized that it was quite a bit thinner in its height.  It was just big enough that it did not look constricting.  Maybe a half an inch in height, appearing to be made of metal and the edges were rounded off as to not make it uncomfortable.  The strange thing about it was the fact that it looked seamless.  Well almost seamless, there were two seams, one on each side of her neck.  I could not see any kind of clasp that held it together around her neck.  It actually looked quite nice, albeit a little out of the ordinary.  It was definitely not the type of jewelry that she would normally wear.

Is that your moms necklace? I asked breaking the long silence.

Huh, oh, no this is mine, she said as she reached up and touched it lightly, running her fingers along it.

Did your mom get it for you?

She did not say anything, just kept running her finger along the choker.  Before I could ask her again, Mike came through the back door.  My sister must have let him in, and despite being my best guy friend (Emily was my best friend), I sort of wished he hadnt shown up.  I just wanted to be alone with Emily for once, and it seemed like he was always around.  Emily had mentioned on more than one occasion that he needed to finally get a girl friend or at least a hobby.  He was my friend, but I couldnt argue with that train of thought.

Hey Evan, how was your trip? he asked as he came over to stand by us.

It was OK I guess.  We saw some cool stuff, and the Grand Canyon was pretty awesome, I answered without mentioning my grandfather, because I knew he wouldnt really care much about that either way.

Cool.  He was acting a little strange I thought, having not just sat down like he normally would, and he seemed sort of nervous.  Hey Em, can I talk to you a second, he said as he walked away into the yard just off the porch.

Emily glanced at me for a second then got up to go to him, OK, um, whats up?

Mike put himself between us with his back to me.  He looked at me over his shoulder before speaking quietly to Emily so I couldnt hear.  What the hell is going on?  They were both acting strange.

What?  Now?  But I heard Emily say a little louder before Mike hushed her and continued talking to her quietly for a moment.  OK, Im sorry sir.  Yes I understand, she said meekly, and almost so quietly that I wasnt entirely sure if I heard her right.

Sir?  I mean, did I really just hear that right?  What the heck was going on?  First, she gives me my first blowjob out of the blue, then my sister for once didnt threaten to turn me into our mom, and now Emily and Mike were acting really strange.

Emily came over and gave me a quick peck on the corner of my mouth.  Im going to take off for a bit.  Ill call you later OK? she said without looking me in the eyes and hurriedly moved to the gate leading to the front yard.

Where are you going? I asked calling after her.

Ill call you later Evan, she said and was gone just like that.

What the fuck was that about? I said looking back to Mike with an obvious look of irritation.

He looked even more nervous from the way I asked him that.  Um, it was nothin, I just had a message for her.  Look, I gotta run.  See ya later.  With that, he left through the same gate Emily had, though a little less quickly.

I didnt know what the heck was going on.  I go on vacation with my parents for two weeks and when I get back, everyone was acting weird. I tried to think with my fifteen year old brain what was going on, but just couldnt figure anything out.  I shouldve gone after her, but I was just so dumbfounded at the oddness of what just happened that I couldnt even think straight.

Finally getting my act together I jumped up and jogged to the gate with the intention of following her when my sister called from the house.

Evan, phone.

I hesitated, thinking of ignoring her, but decided I would talk to Emily later and find out what was going on then.

----------

It was Emilys mom on the phone looking for her daughter.  It made no sense why she asked for me, but that is what my sister told me.  She didnt ask for miss goody two shoes, she asked for you.  Mrs. Erickson had asked if Emily was at my house.  I told her that she had been, but Mike stopped by and told her something then she just took off.  She just said that was fine and abruptly ended the call.

Putting away the strange thoughts I was having, I fixed myself lunch and decided to mow the yard.  I hated yard work, but dad put that as one of the conditions of my allowance and since we had been out of town for two weeks he wanted it done immediately.  At least he had finally broken down and bought a riding mower which cut the time in half.

It took almost two hours for me to finish the yard.  Once I had finished with the mowing and trimming I went inside and took a shower, then headed over to Emilys house hoping to talk to her and find out what was going on.

There was no one home at Emilys; at least no one came to the door.  Her mom didnt work and her car was in the driveway so I expected to find her there as usual.  I looked over at Mikes house.  I didnt really want to talk to him right then, even though I wanted to confront him about what had happened earlier that morning, and the fact that he had been acting differently towards me for about a month.  I didnt have the energy for it at the time.

Not having anything better to do I went back home to watch TV and veg out for a while.

Trying to reach Emily a couple of times with no luck, and getting bored of TV, I went into my room to read a car magazine.  I could hear Ashley and her two friends in her room.  With their incessant laughter getting on my nerves, and the fact that I didnt get along with any of them forced me to retreat to the living room with my magazine.

Thankfully, Ashleys friends left about a half hour before our parents got home so I didnt have to witness my dad ogling the two eighteen year olds.  Ashley had stayed in her room mercifully leaving me alone with my thoughts.

My mom and dad showed up at their usual time looking a little tired from getting home late and still going to work.  Mom handled all of the office and paper work for my dads company so they usually drove in together.

Hey sweetie how was your day? my mother asked in her usual cheerful tone despite being tired.

It was OK I guess.  Emily and I hung out for a bit, I answered her, hoping that she would not drag out the conversation about Emily and I as she usually did.

Thanks for mowing the yard boy.  It looks good, my dad said in his usual way of speaking to me.  He called me boy a lot.  It bugged me to no end, but he really didnt show his emotions very well, so that was the best he could do.

Thanks, I replied with little emotion.  How was work?

Good, he answered me, quickly turning his attention to my mother.  Im gonna have a beer babe, what are we doing for dinner?  He asked my mom as he pinched her butt on the way to the kitchen.

Oh I dont know.  I thought maybe something quick and easy like spaghetti.  You go relax; itll be ready in about an hour.

I decided to retreat to my room at that point, but remembered Emilys gift and went outside to get it out of my dads car.  As I was closing the door and heading back inside, I saw Emilys mom and dad leaving Mikes house.

Poking my head back out the door, Hey Mr. and Mrs. Erickson, do you know if Emily is home yet? I asked waving to them.

Not right now Evan.  Shell be home a little later.  You want me to have her call you? her mom said in her normal, too cheerful manner.  All the mothers in our neighborhood seemed to have a cheerful manner.  Maybe it was a mother thing, but I always thought it was a little forced except for my mom who was usually a genuinely cheerful person.  She preferred being a genuine person, and would not talk bad about anyone behind their back.  That is unless they really went out of their way to deserve it.

If you would please, thank you, I answered her thinking she was looking good as usual.  My dad told me once that if Emily and I stayed together I was a lucky guy, because her mom had aged well.  He told me to never date a girl with an ugly mom, because I would regret it later in life.  That had been about as far into explaining the birds and the bees as he could get.

She was still wearing that choker.  It seemed that for the last couple of months since I had first seen her with it on, it had been around her neck every time.

----------

Ring, it was my private phone line in my room so most likely it was Emily calling me.  Cell phones were still a relatively young idea and were not for kids when we were growing up

Hello.

Hey babe, whats up? it was going on nine and Emily was just calling me.  We never went that long without talking to one another.

Nothing, just sitting here watching TV in my room.  Where did you go today?

Oh, Imy dad took the day off and we went out running around, she said, seeming a little distracted.

I saw your dad at like five thirty, and they said you were out.  I didnt want to piss her off by sounding accusatory, yet wanting to get to the bottom of why everyone was acting at little out of the normal.

Oh, yeah, he dropped me off at a friends and I just got home.

I knew she wasnt telling the truth, but why would she be lying to me?  We had been best friends for from day one, and we had always been completely honest with one another.  What was the deal with that stuff with Mike today?

That was nothing.  Hehe had seen my dad on the way over and just told me he wanted to see me.  I heard her sigh quietly.

So what, that meant he had to whisper it to you?

I dont know Evan, why dont you ask him, she responded sharply.  Maybe he was just messing with you, she said sounding irritated that I was asking her all of these questions.

We sat in silence for a moment, neither of us wanting to be the first to say anything after her statement.

Emily broke the silence first.  Why dont we meet at your old fort?

What do you want to meet there for?  Why dont you just come over here for a little while?

I think you can figure out why I want to meet at the fort, she said with a little giggle, sounding as if she were wanting to change the subject.

I thought you didnt want to have sex in that old dirty fort?

Were not going to have sex; I thought you would like another blowjob.  I dont mind doing that out there.

OK, almost instantly forgetting the awkward conversation we had just had.  When?  I mean I was fifteen and about to get my second blowjob.  When you are a guy that age and sex enters the equation, not much else seems to matter.

Ten minutes?

No problem.  See you in ten.  Love you.

Love you too.

The fort was about a hundred yards into the woods right behind my house. We call it the old fort because it didnt get used anymore.  Mike and I had built it when his dad tore down a big wood shed from their backyard.  We basically transferred all of the materials to the woods and got a bunch of other stuff that we borrowed from a construction site that had been sitting idle for a long enough time that we didnt think anyone would miss it.

It was actually pretty well built and I really missed hanging out back there.  We had built a floor system up on concrete blocks and left about four feet extending out at the top of a small hill for a deck and launch platform for the rope swing.  We had even put in a couple of old windows and a door in, and then finished it up with actual shingles on the a-frame roof.  It was big as well, almost as big as a small bedroom.

Sitting down on the small deck, I waited for Emily.  It actually took about fifteen minutes for her to show up.  I had almost gone back home.

Hey babe, sorry it took so long.  I had to do something for my dad before he would let me out of the house, she said as she just walked up and knelt on the ground in front of me immediately reaching for my belt undoing it and my jeans.

Why are you in such a hurry?  Not that Im complaining, but why did you all of a sudden want to start giving me blow jobs and have sex?

I just love you is all.  Now do you want me to do this or not? she asked with what could only be described as a hunger in her eyes while she knelt there holding my dick in her hand looking up at me.

I said nothing and she took that as my approval slowly taking me inside her warm wet mouth.

Almost instinctively I reached a hand out and placed it on the back of her head.  Not forcing her movements, but just holding her head as she began blowing me.  I was still confused as to why Emily was doing this.  However, the only thing that was really going through my mind was that it felt really good.

God Emily, that feels so good.

She pulled her mouth from my dick and licked the head a couple of times, Good, because I like making you feel good.  Just sit back and relax now.

Emily licked the length of my shaft a couple of times before taking me back into her mouth all the way to the base, moving her tongue in a rolling motion across the shaft a few times before pulling back off of me with a pop and slurp sucking her saliva into her mouth and swallowing, giving me a little smile.

Does that feel good? she asked rubbing the head of my dick over her lips and cheeks.

That feels great.  I think youre a natural.

She just gave a little smile and went back to work, bobbing her head up and down the length of my shaft, taking me into her throat on each downward thrust.  I could not believe that she could do that.  I had always heard that most girls would gag like crazy before they learned how to deep throat a guy, and I could not believe she was able to do that for me.  I knew that I was definitely not the smallest guy my age having seen a lot of guys in the locker room after gym class.

Oh Emily, oh fuck.  Im gonna cum soon.

My beautiful sexy little girlfriend increased the suction and moved back until just the head was in her mouth, rolling that tongue back and forth along the underside pushing me over the edge.

Ungh, oh yeah, fuck me. I yelled out as my cum shot into her mouth for the second time that day.  Ohhh Emily, that was so good.  You are so amazing, I said lying down on my back to relax in my afterglow.

I heard a slurp as she removed her mouth from me and swallowed.  Emily then put me back in my jeans and straightened them out for me, standing up and moving between my legs she leaned over me looking into my eyes.

I have to get home.  Ill call you tomorrow OK, she spoke as she leaned in and gave me a peck on the lips.

You cant stay out longer? I said as I sat up to see her turn and begin walking away.

Sorry.  My mom and I are going out running around early tomorrow.  Ill call you when we get back.  Love you.

Love you too.

I stayed there watching her tight little ass as she walked away.  Emily glanced back once catching me, giving me a knowing smile as if to tell me she was fine with me staring at her that way.  I was sure she did love me.  I dont know, maybe all the weird stuff was just in my head.  I then realized only after she had left that I had forgotten her present once again.
To be continued
