Mailgirls On The Run
by eltree

Chapter 17

Samantha, Mailgirl Twenty-two, was just finishing up her weekly Skype call to her parents -- "I love you, too, Mom." -- when she felt someone behind her. She turned and saw Fiona, Mailgirl Twenty-three, standing there looking anxious. She held up a finger asking Fiona to wait and closed the connection.

"It's been over a year now and I still can't convince them that Megan did not lure me into a life of sin."

"What?"

"My folks freaked out when Megan became a mailgirl and then blamed her for me deciding to become one as well. My dad still won't talk to her and from what my mom says most of her conversations with Megan are about me or trying to guilt her about me.

"But, how can I help you?"

"I need to talk to someone about last night."

"Uh, yeah. With your previous job. You know, it would be really helpful if they could recruit a psychiatrist as a mailgirl; or at least hire a psych major. The closest we have is Ten and she was just HR. A couple of the women have been near hysterical the first few days, weeks. Megan said Fourteen was so closed down when she arrived that they couldn't get through to her at all. She was more with it when I started, but really I didn't notice much of anyone else except Megan who freaked out upon seeing me. And yes, yesterday. The send-off is a tradition. Nurse Allen, Mailgirl One that was, says it's a way to show the woman who is leaving what she is leaving. It's the intimacy among mailgirls, the coercion, the us against an uncaring world, being aroused by the whole awful situation.

"I think of the whole lifestyle as performance art. A number of us that get off by making out in the showers, as much as by the unseen audience as the physical stimulation by the other woman or women. I can even get excited with the physical punishments, rising above the pain to focus on how I'm making the guys in suits drool and they can't touch me. I know that wasn't your experience, I was there when you crawled out of the crate, and I truly hope you can come to appreciate the ups of this life. Megan wasn't really good at that and she had real troubles adjusting once she was back in her cubicle. She's doing better now. Ms Barnes is going a little nuts with this running team thing, but Ten says Megan has some backing from the top bosses to make her chill. We'll see, being strung up in the courtyard with that sign hanging from my nipples was no fun at all."

Twenty-three looked down. "It just brought up memories of Mohr Brothers and I was terrified. And this will happen with every mailgirl that leaves?"

"Yes, it wouldn't be fair to leave anyone out. Ask Thirteen, I bet she'll say that she's going to be sorry to miss the send-offs that happen after she catches that plane for Miami."

It had been a blessedly mailgirl-free day when Colin Fforde walked into Megan's space shortly after lunch on Monday. "Ms Brooks, I'd like to take Maria to the train this afternoon."

"Are you sure it's not too early? It might be better if you weren't there to watch her transition from naked mailgirl to college student."

"I think it's better if I take her to the train than collect her on Friday and deliver her back to servitude."

"I see your point there. How about if I meet you at the loading dock at five and we let Maria choose. I can let her know that I have work to finish up. Not a lie since dealing with mailgirls has absorbed an frustrating amount of my time and energy. I had enough trouble just watching over my sister and now I feel like I'm standing between Ms Barnes and all twenty-four mailgirls."

Megan pulled up at the loading dock in her Civic a few minutes before five. Mr Fforde was standing there leaning against a silver Tesla. Apparently SG&T paid senior members of its legal staff better than mid-range financial analysts, even those that were ex-mailgirls. Maria walked out right at five, Megan could see Fforde stiffen at her appearance.

"Maria, I have your stuff here and Mr Fforde is waiting to take you to the train station. I have some work to finish up this evening."

"That's all right, just hand me my clothes. Colin, turn around while I get dressed.."

Mr Fforde obediently turned his back on the naked woman who quickly donned the casual clothing -- no bra or panties, of course -- that she had removed Friday morning. "Megan, you need to talk to Fifteen. She had her meeting with Ms Barnes this afternoon and she wants to talk to you. Colin, I'm ready. I don't want to miss my train."

Megan watched the pair drive off, then moved her Civic back to the front parking lot and went to track down Mailgirl Fifteen. She walked into the lobby and ordered a tea from the coffee shop before sitting down while she brought up the Mailgirls App on her smartphone. Fifteen was at rest in Marketing -- that is, she was kneeling on a yoga mat besides the Admin's desk there -- so Megan put in a request for a pickup at the Security Desk.

Fifteen came jogging down the hallway less than a minute later and Megan called her over to where she was sitting. She pressed the screen of the MMU noting that Fifteen had arrived with twelve seconds to spare. "Fourteen said that you needed to talk to me."

Fifteen had automatically gone to her knees in front of Megan and without looking up said, "Ms Barnes called me up to Human Capital today. I'm scheduled to attend a seminar in Cambridge next week. I'm to fly to Boston Sunday afternoon and then back on Friday after the seminar. I'll spend the following week training the new Thirteen. My last day as a mailgirl is that Friday."

"That's great. Do you know what they'll have you doing between your last day and the race?"

"No, but what I need to ask you is if you will pick up my trip documents from Travel and then help me collect my clothing from storage. I'll need work-appropriate attire for the seminar."

"That may be a problem."

"You can't help?"

"I will, but how much weight have you lost since you became a mailgirl? Most of my clothing still fit, but I was running fairly seriously leading up to my transfer to Maryland. Sarah, Mailgirl Five that was, found that most of her lawyering clothes hung on her. Pants were loose in the waist and tight on her thighs and calves. Maria, Fourteen, hasn't complained, but she's just been wearing casual clothing for class and she had dropped weight with her issues before becoming a mailgirl. They should provide you with a credit card along with your plane tickets and hotel reservations and you may need to exercise it at the mall before catching your flight. Oh, and you may want to buy panties -- there won't be any in your storage.

"We'll go to the storage unit after the workout on Saturday and if necessary, we'll leave here Saturday. I'll talk to Mistress V and Security, no need to alarm Ms Barnes. Meanwhile, you've got the rest of this week to get through and the treadmill on Wednesday and training session Saturday morning. Do your best to avoid accruing demerits this week; you don't want to be sitting on a freshly beaten bottom next week."

From the mailgirl standpoint it was a quiet week for Megan. Punishments were limited to Mistress V's paddle for mailgirls reaching twenty-five demerits. All the runners except Twenty-three were up to a solid hour on the treadmill -- overdistance for women training for a 10k. Charlotte stopped by to visit as she was closing up on Thursday and the pair had dinner together while Charlotte waited for the evening rush on the Beltway to subside.

Megan was waiting for Maria when she got off the train Friday morning. The older woman walked up to her and sighed, "Why am I doing this? I'm perfectly happy in Frederick: attending class, wearing clothes, eating real food, not worrying about Ms Barnes directing Mistress V to whip my ass or worse. I could just stay. SG&T isn't going to send a snatch squad to bring me back and I wouldn't be forfeiting some life changing payoff."

"Yes, it's all up to you. But, I've got to get to work and if you're coming, hop in."

"Well, what's up with Fifteen?"

"She has a seminar at MIT next week...."

Megan picked up an envelope from Travel that afternoon with information on Fifteen's seminar, hotel reservations, credit and debit cards for Amanda Peterson, and a cell phone with an app for the airline and her e-tickets. She also got the key codes for the storage facility in the basement and Fifteen's lockup and was told that her id was now authorized to enter. In between her mailgirl errands she still managed to get some actual banking work done.

Saturday morning Megan woke up to the sound of rain. She brought up the weather app on her phone and noted that the rain was forecast to continue into mid-afternoon. A cold front had moved into the area bringing the rain as well as dropping temperatures into the fifties. There were going to be some unhappy mailgirls this morning. She and Bob Starnes had discussed this possibility and decided that it was better to introduce their novice runners to inclement weather in a training session rather than possibly facing rain for the first time at the Corporate Challenge. Actually it was better conditions to run in than the heat and humidity of July and August. She sent texts to Brendan, Ken, and Charlotte saying they would be running an 8k that morning and got up to make her morning tea.

As she walked down the stairway from the lobby Megan could see that there was an animated discussion going on among several of the mailgirls. The mailgirls that were working the early Saturday shift were showering, shaving, brushing each others hair, putting on makeup. Mistress V was just watching Twelve and Fifteen talking and gesturing to Twenty-two. The mailgirls who had made the breakfast run had probably given the weather report. Twenty-two had grown up watching her sister head out the front door into rain and snow when she was running track in high school and was likely assuring her fellow team members that they would be going out to run as scheduled.

As Megan entered into the locker room every eye inside the glass walls turned to look at her. "I'm sure that you've all heard that it's raining -- well, it's coming down in buckets. And I'm equally sure that Twenty-two has regaled you with stories of her sister who would head out the front door to run in thunderstorms and blizzards. I did draw the line at tornadoes. You won't melt. It's better if you're introduced to running in the rain now rather than chance it the day of the race. We can hope for a beautiful fall day; the race will go off in anything short of a weather emergency.

"We're going to run an 8k time trial today, just one run and then back into the building. Unless the weather clears in the next half hour you'll leave your MMUs in their charging stations -- the IT department won't certify them as waterproof. Mistress V will meet you at the door with a high-viz harness to wear -- that's so SG&T will be on sound legal ground in any wrongful death suit should some driver claim diminished visibility when they run us down on the road through the park. After you finish you will exchange your vest for a towel at the door so that you won't track water through these august corridors and head straight for the Mailgirls Locker Room or the Women's locker room at the Fitness Center -- I recommend the latter as those showers have hot water and we'd like to avoid hypothermia.

"And no, I did not head out into those thunderstorms and blizzards in the nude. It was Iowa." Megan turned and headed back to the lobby to see who would be joining them for the run.

Megan found Charlotte and Sarah chatting in the lobby. "Where are the men?"

"Ken took Brendan and Sam off to the locker room to change."

"Anthony opened one eye this morning, heard the rain and decided that not even naked women were enough reason to get up early to run in the rain. He's a weather wimp, but if he had tossed in driving on the Beltway in the rain as a reason I'd be inclined to agree with him."

"Wait until it snows, then you'll see real chaos. Sarah, I'd like you to run with Felicia again; she's just going to do 5k. Then the two of you can collect towels from Mistress V when you re-enter the building and take a warm shower in the fitness center."

"That's off-limits to mailgirls."

"I don't want either of you taking a cold shower after running in the rain -- it's not that warm today. I've cleared it with Mistress V; I imagine Ms Barnes and I will have words on Monday. Oh, and Mistress V will be handing out florescent yellow harnesses for the mailgirls to run in; I want everybody visible on that road; the Security guys agree with me. Likely to be another point of discussion on Monday."

"You go, girl."

Mailgirl Twenty-two was at the back of the queue of naked women waiting to go out into the rain. Four was already wearing her harness which consisted of a bright yellow strap around her waist and another strap cutting diagonally from shoulder to waist strap -- nothing of interest was obscured, but she was sure that this would be reported to Ms Barnes. Megan was getting bolder although Twenty-two noted that she was risking their backsides, not hers.

Twenty-two would have been happy to have been proven wrong on her prediction that her sister was going to lead them out into the rain, but here they were. It might be worth it for a hot shower. Fourteen had reported that good food and hot showers were the highlight of her week of freedom. Her assessment of the joy of wearing clothing again was at best tepid. She said both she and Professor Chang wore very little when alone together in the apartment in the evening.

Oh, God. It was time.

By the time Twenty-two made her way to the showers, Three and Four were already toweling themselves dry -- much nicer and larger towels than provided in the Mailgirls locker room.

"A hot shower and a significant lack of lechers out to cop a feel. It was almost worth running in the rain."

"I did notice a dozen or so cars in the parking lot idling along the course. But the only guy I saw standing outside was Mr Starnes at the finish line. Did you hear your time? I barely paused when I passed him; I just continued on to the entrance and Mistress V with the towels. We did get to put on a show for the men in the coffee shop -- they looked confused when I headed down the hall instead of down the stairs to the locker room. And Twenty-two, we bow to you in your knowledge of all things Ms Brooks."

Twenty-two turned to face the other pair, "I did live with her for the first twelve years of my life and then when she was home from college. It's not easy following a perfect daughter."

Later that afternoon a pair of attractive blondes were chatting in the women's clothing department at Macy's. The stockier, bustier woman was incongruously clad in a shapeless pair of sweats. "Fuck it, Ms Brooks, I can't believe that nothing fit. I'm going to have to spend a mint buying new or having skirts taken in. Most of my dresses still work and some of my jackets, but did they have to take all of my panties and bras?"

"It's a tradition I'm told. Some firms do a brisk business in used mailgirl panties. There are collectors, apparently. I was told that SG&T donates what they don't display to local homeless shelters. And how much weight did you drop when you became a mail girl?"

"No more than ten pounds, well fifteen, but I looked good enough to be recruited as a mail girl."

"So you're fifteen pounds lighter and the weight got redistributed somewhat as you got more active which is why none of the narrow pants fit and your high boots don't zip all the way up. Once you stop the constant running about and escape the scientifically controlled diet you'll likely add those pounds back on -- just not before the race, please."

"Well, today I just need to buy enough to get me through the next week and then I'll ship everything to Chicago."

"Oh, and when you come back on Friday don't pack any of your new bras and panties in your suitcase. They'll just disappear."

Monday morning as expected Megan logged in to read a message to see Ms Barnes as soon as she arrived. Well, if she got it over now it shouldn't disrupt the rest of her day and she could settle down to real work. On her way to Miss Bradley's desk she paused to note Mailgirl Fifteen's panties up on the wall -- expensive and classy, just like the rest of the clothing she and Fifteen had examined Saturday afternoon. They were definitely a cut above most of the other twenty-two pair of panties displayed along the entrance to Human Capital. (Mohr Brothers had not sent along any panties with Mailgirl Twenty-three.)

The admin looked up at Megan and announced to the intercom, "Ms Brooks here to see you, Ms Barnes." She looked back at Megan and said, "You may go in now."

Ms Barnes started in even before Megan made it all the way through her office door. "Ms Brooks, you continue to overstep your bounds. Forcing the mailgirls out into the rain was well beyond what they are expected to endure, but then you had them clothed in vests, handed out towels when they finished their ordeal, and then directed them to use the showers in the Fitness Center. Where do you get off with these actions?"

"Ms Barnes, it very well may rain on the Corporate Challenge and Mr Starnes and I would rather introduce the women to running in inclement weather in practice rather than wait for the race. As for the high visibility vests I cleared that with Security -- it was an obvious safety precaution. The towels were to prevent them from dripping water all through the lobby which would have been a safety hazard. And the hot showers were to head off any possibility of hypothermia -- that I can get the Med Center to sign off on. These were all elementary safety precautions. I ran high school and college track in Iowa and there as in Maryland races are not canceled on account of rain, nor were practices."

"And what about Mailgirl Fifteen? According to the Security logs she left the building in your company. Where is she?"

"Mailgirl Fifteen, Amanda Peterson, should be attending a seminar at MIT at this moment. I can only confirm that I saw her go through security at BWI Sunday afternoon on her way to catch her flight to Boston. I picked up her documents from Travel Friday afternoon and drove her to the airport on Sunday. She is scheduled to fly back into BWI Friday morning."

"And where was she from the time the race ended until you drove her to the airport?"

"Travel supplied me with access to the Mailgirl Storage Area so Mailgirl Fifteen and I went there after the race to pack clothing for her trip to Boston. She is attending the seminar as Ms Amanda Peterson, a financial analyst at SG&T, not as a mailgirl. Ms Peterson's taste in clothing is more expensive and more finicky than mine; she was horrified to find that virtually nothing fit to her liking. And there was a lack of underwear as I'm sure you're aware. So we spent Saturday afternoon at the mall acquiring an acceptable wardrobe for this week. Only marginally acceptable according to Ms Peterson; Macy's is not where she is used to shopping. I didn't see any reason to shuttle her back and forth to SG&T, so she spent the night in my extra bedroom and then we both went for a run Sunday morning. I impressed upon her the necessity to keep up with her training until the race.

"Now, if you're satisfied Ms Barnes, I have work to do."

"Ms Brooks, I will be reporting this to the fifth floor."

"Please do."

The only feedback Megan received was a note from Bob Starnes saying that Mr Dawlish would prefer that she and Ms Barnes work out their differences without sending them up to senior management. Otherwise her week proceeded as normal. Mr Fforde took Fourteen to the train station Monday afternoon and the rest of the mailgirls did their hour runs on the treadmills throughout the week. It was Thursday afternoon when things went off the rails.

Megan was deep into researching a new investment proposal when she was interrupted by a naked woman. Mailgirl Seven said, "Ms Brooks, you are required urgently in the Executive Conference Room. Ms Barnes and Mr Holt would like your assistance."

Megan could blow off Ms Barnes, but Mr Holt was a different story so she saved her notes and locked her screen before heading off to the fifth floor.

She entered the conference room where she saw Mr Holt seated at one end of the table and Ms Barnes standing facing a middle aged man in a well tailored gray suit that didn't match his red face. Ms Barnes looked to the open door and seeing Megan said, "Here's Ms Brooks. She seems to be in charge of your sister these days. I suggest you speak to her." Then Ms Barnes brushed by Megan and exited the room.

"Mr Holt, could you fill me in?"

"This is Mr Paul Hyland, CEO of Precision Tools in Massachusetts. He is inquiring about his sister. Mr Hyland, this is Ms Brooks; she is a financial analyst and also the co-Director of the SG&T Racing Team which is her connection to your sister. Mr Hyland has demanded that we produce his sister and he seems to be planning to take her away."

"Wouldn't Mr Fforde be more appropriate for this discussion than me?"

"Mr Fforde has taken the day off and is not responding to texts, emails, or phone calls."

"You need to produce my sister immediately. Otherwise, my next step is to go straight to the authorities."

"Mr Hyland, Maria is not on site at the moment. She recently signed an extension to her contract that places her in a part time status. The local authorities are fully cognizant of SG&T's employment practices and our policy is to allow employees in her position to initiate contact, but barring a court order their contact information is not provided to outside parties."

"If she is not here, I demand that you tell me where she is. I am not an outside party, I am family."

"If you leave your contact details we can pass them on to Maria. It will be up to her if she wishes to reach out. I will note that I met with her mother, Dr Rodriguez, two weeks ago and I subsequently learned that she met with Maria during her non-work time. She knows how to contact Maria during those days. I suggest you speak with her."

"My sister cannot possibly have any interest in working here in a menial position. What hold do you have on her?"

"Maria signed an employment contract with SG&T and both parties are honoring the terms of that contract. Since she began part time status she has reported to work on schedule and I expect that she will continue to do so for the length of her employment."

"But this is white slavery."

"Actually our twenty-four mailgirls are a diverse group though granted they are all female, young, and attractive. Think of airline stewardesses in our grandparents time. Would you like to meet a mailgirl?"

"Yes."

"Mr Holt, can you call Mailgirl Twenty to join us. As a senior executive Mr Holt is able to request a specific mailgirl, most employees requesting a mailgirl's service get whichever mailgirl the system assigns to the task, usually the closest available woman."

"And those services are..."

"Mailgirls deliver messages, documents, physical mail, and office supplies as needed. Studies have shown that the employment of mailgirls increases the efficacy of the entire workforce."

The door to the conference room was opened by a busty brunette of medium height wearing wire-rimmed glasses.

"Twenty, come here and I'll clock you in." The mailgirl held out her MMU to Megan who noted, "sixteen seconds to the good. Where was that speed when we were holding running trials?"

Twenty then stepped back, feet set shoulder width apart, back slightly arched to better display her breasts, eyes downcast.

"Knees."

Twenty gracefully sank down onto her widespread knees, hands behind her back, gaze lowered.

"That is the basic resting position for mailgirls. Mailgirl Twenty has a master's degree in Art History and was working as a teaching assistant at a very good school when she applied to become a mailgirl. She's been here for just over a year working for minimum wage, time and a half for overtime. Mailgirls never just work a forty hour week. She is fed and housed in addition to her monetary compensation and she has comprehensive health coverage through the bank at no cost to her.

"Toes."

The mailgirl rose up onto tiptoe with her hands clasped behind her neck.

"Turn."

She spun about to face away from the other three who now could see the welts across her shapely bottom.

"You missed the daily punishment session Mr. Hyland. It's very popular. Twenty was one of three mailgirls that was bent over in the courtyard at lunchtime and chastised for excessive demerits. She then ate her lunch -- a scientifically balanced nutritious blend that looks and tastes like dog food -- out of a bowl on the floor of the employee's dining room. Such is a mailgirl's life. This is what your sister has endured for the past two years and only now have you come to look for her. I suspect your motive is other than looking out for her welfare."

Mr Holt rose "That's quite enough Ms Brooks. I'm sure Mr Hyland understands now. As Ms Brooks said, Dr Rodriguez will be able to tell you how to get in contact with your sister outside of her employment here."

Megan returned to the office to find Charlotte chatting with Madison. The redhead tossed off a last comment and followed Megan to her desk.

"I was wondering if you're up for dinner again this evening. Anthony's got some farewell bash for one of his co-workers transferring out and I'm not psyched to fight my way across the Potomac to an empty house. And what's got you into a state?"

"I just got called up to the fifth floor to meet with Mailgirl Fourteen's brother. He's demanding to see her and not only does the bank not allow mailgirls to have visitors, but she's not even here today."

"But, aren't SG&T mailgirls 24/7?"

"Yes, however mailgirls Thirteen through Eighteen's contracts expire within the next several weeks and both Fourteen and Fifteen were among the top five in the time trials. So, Fourteen signed an extension to allow her to work four days a week for the rest of the year while attending college the other three days. Fifteen is currently at a seminar at MIT. She's transferring to Chicago, but not until after the race. Fourteen's been taking on-line classes for the past year and this way she'll be able to finish her degree in the spring. I'll fill you in on her saga over dinner."

"So, why did they call you up to explain things to her brother?"

"It's Ms Barnes job, but she apparently sold Mr Holt on the idea that she has an 'adversarial relationship' with Fourteen -- I wonder why -- and that I was a better choice to talk to about her. It made no sense to me and I rather lost my temper with Mr Hyland; my understanding is that he and his brother have some issues with their step-mother, Fourteen's mother, but I'll bring you up to date on all things Mailgirl Fourteen at dinner."

"Sounds like this isn't a conversation that we want to carry on in a crowded restaurant. How about I pick up dinner and meet you at your place? How does Indian sound?"

"I'll give it a try, not a lot of Indian restaurants in Iowa."

"England is overrun with Indian restaurants and curry is more popular than fish and chips. I'll pick up something not too extreme. See you about 6:30?"

Megan had just started towards the front door of her building when she saw Charlotte pull up in a BMW Z3. It looked like special assistants made more than financial analysts or maybe just had different spending priorities. Charlotte walked towards her with a carrier bag in one hand and a six pack of beer in the other.

"I even found British beer to complement the meal."

Megan disappeared into her bedroom to change while Charlotte unpacked the carry-out containers. She emerged to find the other woman rooting through her kitchen cabinets.

"Your glassware collection is sadly deficient, just tumblers and wine glasses. You do have a bottle opener don't you?

"I haven't patronized this restaurant before, but these choices usually aren't too spicy. Just go easy with the beer, Old Peculier is potent stuff."

"Where to start with Mailgirl Fourteen? Maria Hyland is in her mid-thirties and grew deeply depressed when she was unable to carry a child to term. She lost several pregnancies and having kids was important to both her and her lawyer husband. Divorce sent her even deeper. Her ex's old law school buddy Colin Fforde decided turning her into a mailgirl was appropriate shock therapy. It seems to have worked and then Fforde arranged for her to take on-line college courses -- she had dropped out to marry her lawyer -- using a terminal in the law library where he could keep an eye on her. He also put forward the scheme to convert to part-time after she made the running team so that she could start taking classes on campus while extending her contract to the end of the year.

"I got pulled into it when Maria wanted to get some distance between her and Fforde; Mailgirl Ten asked for my help. Maria had dropped out of Mount Holyoke, Lin Chang -- formerly Mailgirl Seven and now a professor at Hood -- is a Mount Holyoke alumna, and with that connection Maria is now at Hood, bunking with Lin three days a week. I put her on the commuter train to Frederick Monday evening and Lin handles the other end and then sends her back Friday morning.

"Maria had just gone off to orientation when her mother stopped by the bank to introduce herself. She was recently named to SG&T's board and is a sorority sister of Mrs Soames. She kicked Soames out of his office to talk to Mailgirl Ten and me about Maria. She's just stepped down as Director of Research at the family firm which is now headed by the step-son that came looking for his sister today. After thoroughly impressing/terrifying me she drove up to Hood where she hobnobbed with the college president before meeting up with her daughter."

Megan had cleaned her plate and opened up a second Old Peculier while disgorging Maria's history.

"Mailgirl Ten?"

"Mailgirl Ten is an HR professional that was co-opted as a mailgirl and then went on to sign up for a second two year contract. She still has good contacts in HR and does her best to take care of the other mailgirls. Human Resources has issues with Human Capital and they're unofficially willing to help Mailgirl Ten work around Ms Barnes. When Fforde came up with his college/contract extension scheme Mailgirl Ten arranged for HR to send me Maria's resume and transcripts, via mailgirl, of course.

"Today, before I left work, I tried to call Maria, but it just went to voice mail. So I called Lin and found that Maria was heading off to dinner with Mr Fforde. Lin said that Maria had her take her clothes shopping in Frederick yesterday to find a dress for dinner tonight. Fforde has a long history with Maria so I'm not surprised by the dinner invite; I'm a bit shocked that Maria seems so eager."

"So you're a former mailgirl and training mailgirls to run; I would have thought that you would be doing your best to put as much distance between you and mailgirls as possible. Why not take a job elsewhere?"

Megan sighed, "Of the eleven mailgirls that completed their two year contracts four quit SG&T, one transferred to the San Francisco office, and three signed up for another two years. Mailgirl Three had been Mr Soames secretary/mistress and she returned to those roles, Susan Allen went back to the Med Center, and then there's me. Two months before the end of my contract Human Capital brought on Mailgirls Nineteen through Twenty-four and I was appalled to find that Mailgirl Twenty-two is my sister. She applied for the job. My dad is a college professor, my mom runs a web design business; they have two children. The older was an honor student, an athlete, a well-behaved and rather boring child. The younger rebelled early and often and is a self-described party girl. My parents spent nearly two years vacillating between crying at me and lading me with guilt. After Samantha became a mailgirl they blamed me and and stopped taking my calls until Sam declared that she wouldn't call them if they didn't talk to me. So, I stayed here at SG&T to keep an eye on her. Too many of my co-workers can't get past seeing me as a degraded, naked courier and it's been hard. I honestly don't know what I'll do when Sam's contract is up."

"I think I'm going to invite myself to spend the night. I need to meet Maria. Besides when I tell Anthony that I slept with a mailgirl he's going to be so envious; I expect that to lead to some great sex tomorrow when we meet up. Is it true that all mailgirls are or become lesbians?"

Megan sighed. "Of SG&T's original twenty-four only Mailgirl Twelve was an avowed lesbian. But then we embarked on two years of nudity and non-stop degradation with enforced no relationships between mailgirls and the rest of the workforce. For two years we were pretty much non-stop sexually stimulated and in desperate need of consolation, available only from the other twenty-tree mailgirls who were the only ones we were allowed physical contact with and the only ones who understood what we were going through. There is a lot of promiscuous girl-on-girl action and some deep long term pairings. Four went off with Twelve to San Francisco. One and Seven look to be settling into a committed relationship, Lin now has Maria as a housemate three days a week and Nurse Allen on the weekends. Oh, and there's Eighteen who Maria's mom outed as Mrs. Soames kept woman.

"That being said, I'm offering you my guest room, not my bed. I'm still trying to figure my life out."
