Tumhara Lund Bahut Tagda Hai  A Hinglish Erotica

-----It was when I was 22 and had just started working for a big
company. I had bought a scooter and used to drive to work everyday.
On my way to work I used to cross a bus stop, and one day I noticed a
beautiful woman, of about 20, standing there, obviously waiting for
the bus. We looked at each other for a brief moment. I wanted to stop
and offer her a ride, but I was scared that she might raise a
commotion, and I had no intentions of getting beaten up by a crowd
for trying to act smart. I therefore continued on.

The next day, again I saw her at the same place and the same time.
Again I looked at her, and this time I smiled. I thought that if she
smiled back, that would mean that I could make further advances with
little risk. Sure enough, she smiled back! With my heart pounding, I
stopped my scooter a little way down the road, and looking back
nodded at her to come and get on the scooter. My scooter engine was
running and it was in gear, and I was ready to take flight at the
slightest indication of her trying to make any noise. Though horny,
and eager for sex as all are at that age, I was a well respected
young man. But nothing untoward happened and she demurely walked down
and got on the pillion seat.

I drove off and then started talking to her. After getting to know
her name, which was Sushmita, I asked her where she wanted to be
dropped. I was not one who was looking for a long term relationship,
and so I was in a hurry to make the best in the shortest possible
time. The fact that she had not minded taking a ride with a stranger
increased my boldness.

While on the scooter itself, I caught her arm which was around my
waist, and pressed it lower in such a way that her palm was on my
crotch. She made no move to take it away and I then pressed her hand
gently onto my crotch, while driving all the time. My tool inside was
straining. Then I realised that she was gently rubbing my crotch
without my trying to help her! That felt better, and also helped me
because now I could use both hands to drive! Soon, we reached her
destination, and she got off.

She was teacher and said that she would get off in the afternoon. I
asked her what she was doing after that, and when she said that she
was free, I suggested that I pick her up and then we could go home
for a cup of tea. She agreed, and that afternoon I picked her up at
the appointed time. I was not married then. I had an apartment where
I lived with a servant who did the errands and cooked.

When I got home, I sent the boy packing on some pretext. We were now
alone! I asked Sushmita that was her name, to sit down beside me. We
got talking! Then I asked her whether she would like some tea or
something better, like a cocktail! She said that she had never had
alcohol before and she was afraid. I told her that she should try it
out and there was no need to be afraid at all! She agreed and both of
us had a few drinks while we chatted. During this time, I had started
moving closer to where she was sitting and my thighs were touching
hers. I was trying my best to wear the image of a gentleman and at
the same time playing to get what I wanted - her pussy!!

After a while I realised that the drinks were having an effect on
her, because the 'palloo' of her sari had slipped, exposing her
beautifully rounded and straining breasts, but she made no attempt at
covering them. I slid closer and put my hands on her breasts, and
gently squeezed them, and at the same time started kissing her. She
squirmed a little, but not much and I sucked her warm lips, biting
and nibbling them. I felt for her tongue with mine, feeling her warm
breath and kissed her long and deep.

While kissing her, I unbuttoned her blouse and felt her soft breasts
over her bra. My cock was hard and straining against my pants,
wanting to be released. I picked her up and carried her to the bed,
where I slowly disrobed her, taking off her sari. I left the
petticoat on, because I have this thing, to fuck a woman with her
petticoat on but rose to expose her cunt and ass. Looks sexy and
turns me on sort of! I also like a woman adorned with ornaments, but
naked, when I fuck her.

After taking off her blouse, bra and the sari, I stood by the side of
the bed and took of my clothes as she watched me with intoxicated
eyes and a sexy smile. When I pulled down my underwear, my huge fat
cock sprang out in full erection. I watched her as her eyes grew wide
at its size and width.

She caught my cock in her hand lovingly and said "Bahoot bada aur
mota hai! Main to mar jaoongi!"

She lovingly fondled my lund as I stood over her. Then I sat down on
the bed and admired her beautiful white sculptured body! I put my
hand over her nipples and rubbed them and squeezed them between my
fingers. I played with her breasts and slowly let my hand wander down
to her pussy, which was hidden in a light growth of her satin smooth
pubic hair. I could feel the warmth of her cunt, and it was all wet
and hot as I slid my finger in her vagina. I started sucking her
nipples and then kissed her on her stomach and then licked her on the
belly button, all the while my finger exploring the depths of her
lovely wet cunt!

She was moaning and her eyes were half closed, as she held my cock
and rubbed it and played and squeezed my balls! We continued this
foreplay, I rubbing my hairy chest against her breasts, slapping and
squeezing her ass, rubbing my knee against her cunt, feeling her
whole body against mine.

After a little while, she started panting and said, "Haai, ab rooka
nahi jata!"

But I was a slow player, and knew that the slower and longer the
better it is! Her thighs readily separated when I licked her thighs,
and buried my face in her pubic hair, my tongue frantically searching
for her cunt! It smelled sexy and heavenly as I licked her love
juices and drove my tongue deeper into her vagina, sucking and
licking! I could feel and taste the soft, warm, wet walls of her
cunt. Squirming in pleasure, she tightened her thighs over my head,
and pushed my mouth deeper into her pussy.

She was writhing, as she grabbed my lund and took it in her mouth, as
were in the 69 position. She eagerly sucked my cock and then took my
balls into her warm mouth and sucked and licked them! I then got up
and faced her as she sat up, and held my shaft and took it in her
mouth up to her throat and started sucking on it, in and out of her
mouth. I felt her tongue as it licked my cock wildly. My lund was
bursting, and it wanted her cunt. I lay her down and she opened her
legs. I sat between them and with my hand rubbed the bulging end of
my lund against her wet cunt, up and down feeling her clit with my
tool.

She moaned," Ab daal do andar raja, ab aur mut tarpao!!"

I put the end of my 9" long and more than three inches wide piece of
engorged meat on the tip of her cunt and gave a slight push, and I
watched it slide in slowly, her cunt lips opening and yielding to the
intruder, enveloping it in warmth as it entered. I rotated it slowly
for a little while, drawing it back, teasing her little, as her hips
raised themselves invitingly, wanting my cock. Love juices were
dripping from her cunt and I could feel the heat of her pussy. She
looked at me with begged me not to torture her further, saying that I
was driving her crazy. Then, with one mighty push, I drove my cock
all the way in!

She gasped in pain and pleasure as my mighty tool went tearing, deep
inside "Aaaaah! Phat gayee meri choot."

I could feel the enveloping warmth of her pussy as my lund went in.
Then I started to fuck her, slowly at first, kissing and biting her
nipples while driving my tool in and out. She was heaving under me,
raising her hips and cunt to meet my strokes. The room reverberated
with the sounds of meat striking against wet meat, as I rammed my
cock into her wet cunt again and again, my balls dancing wildly and
slapping her ass with every stroke.

"Fuck...Fuck...!" She started panting, and writhing in pleasure, as
she shook her head from side to side, and heaved under me. I
continued to fuck her, deeper and harder, licking and sucking her
breasts and nipples from time to time. I could sense her pleasure
rising as she moaned and groaned. I got off and asked her if she
would like to fuck me. She grabbed my cock and held on to it as if
she was afraid that it would go missing if she let it go. She pushed
me down on the bed and straddled me on my hips.

She then bent down and sucked my cock and took her mouth down under
to suck my balls. I could feel her flicking tongue as she licked my
balls and then she started licking my ass. Oh what a pleasant
sensation that was, as she ran her tongue over my ass. Then, she got
on top of me and raising herself, positioned her cunt over my
throbbing lund. She slid sown taking in the whole length of my
massive dick. She started pumping, up and down!

She was bent over me and her beautiful teats swayed in front of my
face as she fucked me. I pulled and played with her breasts, slapped
her ass and rubbed her clit as she pumped me, enjoying the fuck. Soon
she started going faster, and I could feel that she was about to
climax, as she held me closer and panted and heaved her hips.
Suddenly she trembled and let out a deep moan, and held me tightly,
her nails digging into my back, her legs clasped around me, and I
knew that she had climaxed! I reversed positions, so that she was
under me now and started fucking her. Very soon she started climbing
again, as kept up the strokes!

"Haai, kyaa chodtey ho raja!!", she said as she looked at me riding
her!

With every stroke, her entire body under me would be pushed up as my
hips slapped against her ass driving my lund deep into her cunt. Her
knees and legs were spread wide, and she had her hands on my hips to
pull me deeper when I went in with every push. A sound
of 'Seee...seeee..' came from her mouth as I fucked her. After a
while, I took my lund out and bought it up to her breasts, all wet
with her cum.

I slapped and rubbed her nipples with the end of my shaft and
said, "Ab isko tumhari gaand chahiye!"

She looked at me first in bewilderment, and then smiled in
anticipation! I turned her around and grabbing her by the hips I
pulled her up so that her beautiful ass was in front of me. It was
the typical dog-fuck position, something that I enjoy very much! I
slowly rubbed my stiff lund on her asshole and with my hand rubbed
her wet cunt. I brought some of the juice of her cunt and spread it
over her asshole. I then spat on my hand and rubbed it up and down on
my lund. It was glistening in her juices and my saliva, as I
positioned myself standing on the floor and she bent over on the bed,
so that the head of my lund rested on her asshole.

She was bending down with her hair hanging about her face and she
tried to turn her face to look at me. I held my cock and putting it
at the mouth of her asshole, pushed it in. Her ass was really tight
and only with more force could I manage to slide in about an inch.
She was in some pain as was evident from sounds that she was making
and the way her asshole was pulsating! I told her that she just has
to relax and bear it for a while and then it would be nice. Slowly I
drove my whole cock into her ass until it was fully in and the root
of my tool was against her ass cheeks. She was sobbing in pain! I
then started to fuck her very slowly at first; pulling my cock out
and sliding it back in slowly! Soon she stopped the crying and
started moaning in pleasure, as I drove in and out of her ass.

"Ah...Ah...Ah," she went with every stroke, as her breasts lolled
below her and swung wildly with every push of mine. She got into the
rhythm and started to heave her ass to meet my driving strokes as I
drove deeper, harder and faster into her ass. She started to pant and
her head flailed wildly as she screamed and moaned in pleasure. I
could see my huge lund, glistening as it came out and disappeared
into her asshole again and again! Fuck...Fuck...Fuck..! We went on!

After a while I, took out my lund and just by changing the angle
slightly, rammed it into her cunt which was dripping juice. She let
out a cry as I entered her from behind and continued to fuck her. She
moved and thrust her hips faster and faster, and made sounds
of "Oh....ah...ah....oh..." as I fucked her. My balls danced wildly,
and that sound of fucking, the "Fuchh...Fuchh" sound of meat against
meat, was heavenly as our pleasure went rocketing. I could feel the
juices in me rising now and my cock became harder! I could feel the
stirring in my loins as the cum welled up, and my excitement started
rising exponentially!

My strokes became faster and harder as I fucked her deeper with every
shove. I was pulling her hips with every stroke and driving my lund
deep into her, tearing away at her cunt, as her love juices soaked my
balls. I knew that I was about to cum and a deep groan started in
throat. I took my cock out and in the same motion turned her around
so that once again she was facing me. I was standing on the floor, my
engorged, pulsating cock was in my hands as I started stroking it, up
and down. She sat up and grabbed my cock and started to stroke it,
and sucking it with her mouth and licking it with her tongue. My cum
was rising in me fast as I saw her head bobbing up and down on my
lund, taking it deep into her throat.

As I was about to cum I grabbed my cock and gave the final few
strokes myself and then it exploded, the cum shooting out of my lund,
in strong spurts and falling on her face, again and again, my cock
pulsating as it shot out the hot load, my hands jerking my lund. My
thick milky cum fell on her face and she licked it as it dripped down
on to her mouth and breasts. She took my throbbing ejaculating cock
in her mouth, a deep groan escaping my throat as the load continued
to erupt out of my cock in response to her sucking tongue, my lund
filling her mouth with cum. I caught her head, grabbing her by the
hair, and pulled her mouth into my crotch, shoving my lund deeper
into her mouth, the cum continuing to come.

While she sucked and swallowed my seed, I fondled and rubbed her
cheeks, spreading my sticky cum over her lovely face as she looked up
at me and squeezed my balls. She drew my cock out of her mouth after
she had sucked and swallowed the last drop of my cum. I was
exhausted, and flopped down on the bed, panting and enjoying the
calmness at the end of the climactic pleasure as she fondled my hair
and cradled my head in her breasts.

I continued to fuck her for a long time, and she enjoyed it because
she often told me, "Tum bahoot maahir chuddakad ho! Aur tumhara lund
bahut tagda hai!!"





 

 
