Reiko's Backyard Pool
byEmiTsuruta©

Recently, I met a woman named Reiko. Like me, she was born in Japan, and is studying at Oceanview U. I got drafted to work on this project for school with her, and she invited the group of us to come over to her house, so we could get to know each other. We met at a cafe near her house—Prof. Olgren, a nice older lady who worked in Japan when she was young, my classmate Izumi and me. I didn't even tell them I like swimming, but already Reiko started telling us all about the beaches nearby. I knew we'd get along.

Reiko lives in a big house on the south side of town, something like my host family's. She took us out back, and showed us the park behind their house and the swimming pool they have in their backyard. Reiko's daughter Yuuna came out, and joined us. Yuuna is 18 or so, and apparently quite the swimmer. I was so envious. I wish we had a swimming pool.

Suddenly, Reiko switched from speaking English to Japanese. She told us that her family sometimes skinny-dips in their pool. To tell you the truth, I was surprised to hear this. I've been skinny-dipping a few times—at my friend Debbie's house and the nude beach and stuff, but I didn't think it was something that normal people do. I squinted at Reiko, wondering if she might be joking, but she seemed quite serious. I nodded up toward the neighbor's windows.

"What about the neighbors? Don't they mind?"

"They don't care," she guffawed. I was amazed at how casual she was, but secretly, I was happy to find someone else who is into this kind of thing. I wanted to ask her more about it, but Prof. Olgren was standing right there, so I held off. Soon, it was time for supper. We went back inside, and the conversation moved on to other things.

Reiko's husband Gavin and her two sons, Hitoshi and Naoki, came out, and joined us. Gavin looks Japanese, but he was born in the States, and speaks English all the time. Their sons, Hitoshi and Naoki are close to my age, and kind of handsome. They seemed curious about me, looking me up and down, but didn't say much. The three of them were all much quieter than Reiko herself. Reiko dominated the conversation at supper talking with Prof. Olgren about people they know. I just listened politely looking for a chance to ask Reiko about the skinny-dipping, but it never came.

After that day, I didn't see Reiko for some time. Still, I couldn't get over the way she'd told me so straight about their skinny-dipping. I guess it made sense. They were treating the swimming pool like it was a hot spring. In Japan, no one wears swimsuits in a hot spring. I really wanted to hear more. When I bumped into Reiko at school, I hinted that I'd like to come visit her again, and go for a swim. She seemed surprised—I guess she didn't really know me—but she said fine.

I wasn't really sure how to go about this. I wanted to go skinny-dipping, but just in case, I brought my red and white bikini with me. On the way, I stopped to buy them some fresh fruit to thank Reiko for having me over. She came to pick me up at the station. She seemed happy to see me. She told me that her kids were home for the summer, but the boys had gone off somewhere. Before I knew it, we'd arrived at her house.

Yuuna came out, and sat with us in the living room while we had tea. Yuuna's a cute girl, but fairly quiet like her brothers. It was a weekday, so Reiko's husband, Gavin was off at work. I kept peering out the back window at their pool.

"Oh, you wanted to go swimming, didn't you?" Reiko smiled. "Did you bring your suit?"

"Um... yeah, I did. But, um... I... uh...," I sputtered. I don't know why I was so nervous. It was just the three of us girls. It should have been the simplest thing in the world to ask if I could skinny-dip, but for some reason, I couldn't get up the courage.

"What's wrong?" Reiko asked.

"Oh nothing." I wanted to ask her, but I decided to chill for now, and see what happened. Yuuna and Reiko disappeared off into their rooms, so I went into the bath room. It was all wood paneling inside. Our bath in Japan was tile, but Reiko's tub was deep and metal like bath tubs in Japan. It reminded me a bit of home. Their whole house was pretty nice.

I changed into my bikini. Yuuna came out in her swimsuit, all excited now, and took me out to the back stairs that led down to the pool. I stood there for a moment peering over at the neighbor's window trying to tell if anyone was home. Was Reiko telling the truth when she said the neighbors really didn't care if they swam naked? It was a bit hard to imagine. My impression was that many people here in the States were uptight about nudity. Then again, maybe I am wrong, and things are more open than I thought.

"Come on, Emi. Let's go!" Yuuna shouted. She ran down the stairs, and dove into the pool, swimming around like a tadpole. She was obviously quite the swimmer, diving deep and then resurfacing, not winded in the slightest. I followed her down, and dove in too. The cool water was bracing, invigorating.

Soon, Reiko came out in a one-piece swimsuit. She is no supermodel, but she's not shy either. She came down to the pool's edge, and looked over at me.

"You seem to be in good shape," she noted.

"I do my best. I love to swim."

The three of us swam around for a bit. Yuuna showed me all these flips and somersaults she knew how to do. Reiko was a strong swimmer too. She stopped at the edge, and squinted over at me, smiling.

"So what do you think?" she asked.

"It's great. You guys are so lucky to have a pool."

We swam around for maybe an hour or so, but eventually, Yuuna got out, and went back up to the house.

"I'd better go get ready for supper," Reiko told me. "Stay, and eat with us."

"No, that's OK. I don't want to impose."

"It's no problem."

"My host mom is probably waiting, so I think I'd better go."

We got up out of the pool, and went back to the house. I could hear Yuuna puttering away in her room, but there was still no sign of her brothers. I was kind of hoping I might bump into them. I hadn't talked with them, but they were kind of cute.

"Could I use your shower?" I asked Reiko.

"Sure, go ahead."

I fetched my backpack, went into the bath room, and stripped out of my bikini. I examined myself in the mirror. My arms and legs were a bit tanned from being outside, but my breasts and pubic area were as white as a sheet. My boyfriend Ryosuke says my tan lines look sexy, but I think they look kind of silly. If I'm going to tan at all, I'd like to get an all over tan.

I had a quick shower, and toweled off. I decided to wait till the air dried my body completely. I pulled on my hoodie, and then peeked out the door. As far as I could tell, it was still just the three of us: Reiko, Yuuna and me.

"What time are the boys supposed to be home?" I called out.

"Hard to say," Reiko yelled back. "They are in and out all the time."

I don't know why, but I was in a bit of a naughty mood. Her house reminded me of some vacation destination with the pool and paneled bath. Far from home, I felt freer than usual, like I could let my hair down, and relax without worrying about what Reiko et al might think.

I pulled down the hem of my hoodie to cover my pussy, and cautiously padded out into the hall. I did feel a tad embarrassed, but excited too wandering their halls bottomless. I giddily nipped into Hitoshi's room, and looked around. He had all these shelves with books and toys and such. He had so much stuff.

Suddenly, Hitoshi himself appeared at the door! He moves so quietly I hadn't even heard him come in. Shocked, I rushed to pull down my hoodie trying to cover up my bare bottom.

"Oh sorry," I apologized. My mind raced, trying to think how to explain why I was here—half naked. "I was just... uh... admiring your library. I hope you don't mind."

"That's OK," he granted, scratching his head. He didn't seem worried about my being in his room, but he did seem quite surprised by how I was dressed. I was trying to cover up, but the hem of my hoodie wasn't quite long enough. He could probably see my butt cheeks peeking out from under the hem. I was worried about what he must think, but the problem was my hello kitty had started tingling away like crazy. I always feel embarrassed when I get caught like this, but I swear my pussy has a mind of its own, and gets all heated up at the slightest thing. I knew I should scoot back to the bath room, and hide, but I don't know. In my mixed up state, I felt like I should explain first, so he wouldn't think I was weird. I glanced around looking for something to talk about.

"You have some Japanese books," I noted.

"Yeah," he nodded, rubbing the back of his head. He was trying to pretend like he was annoyed, but actually, I'm pretty sure he was getting excited too.

"Is that like a textbook from Saturday school?" I asked, nodding up at one of the books.

"Which one?"

I knew I shouldn't tease—Reiko was around here somewhere—but I don't know. I was so hot by then. Hitoshi hadn't really objected; he hadn't said much of anything really. I hesitated for a moment, but finally decided to just go for it. I reached up, and gently pulled out the book, an innocent enough thing to do, but the problem was more in reaching up, I'd pulled up the hem of my hoodie, flashing him my bare bottom in the process.

"Oh sorry. I uh..." I was really starting to lose it by then. My hello kitty had gone into overdrive. I heard Hitoshi breathe in sharply, and realized he could see I was naked. Covering the crack of my buttocks with one hand, I clumsily put the book back. "Anyway, sorry," was all I managed to say.

I looked back at him to see his reaction. His eyes had widened, but actually, his expression hadn't changed that much. It was hard to tell what he thought. Wondering if I'd gone too far, I pointed that I had to go, and then scurried back to the bath. He called after me,

"No, that's alright. You're pretty."

I was happy to hear that, but I guess I was worried about Reiko. I wasn't sure how she'd feel about me flashing her son. I honestly hadn't planned on teasing him. I thought the boys were out.

I quickly got dressed, thanked Reiko, and rushed off. Hitoshi came to the door, and waved to me as I left. I felt so strange about the whole thing, but at least, he didn't seem angry. If anything, I think he likes me. Maybe I was worrying too much.

After I got home, it took me a while to calm back down. Maybe it wasn't such a big deal. Reiko had said that they skinny-dipped in the pool. I still wasn't sure if 'they' included Hitoshi, but anyway, he must be used to people running around his house in the buff.

Not long after, I ran into Reiko at school. She was surprisingly friendly, and invited me to come visit again. I guess Hitoshi hadn't told her about my flashing him. That was a relief.

A week or so later, I packed up a bikini, got dressed in jeans, a t-shirt and a different hoodie, and headed to Reiko's place again. She came to pick me up at the bus stop. I was starting to feel more comfortable talking with her. I still wanted to ask her if I could skinny-dip. Before I could get up the nerve, we arrived at her house.

"Listen. I'm really sorry about this, Emi, but I have to go run some errands before supper. Yuuna! Could you entertain Emi while I'm gone? Maybe the two of you could go in swimming."

"Um. Oh. You're leaving?" I asked.

"I'll be back soon. Don't worry. I just have to get a few things."

"Um, OK," I stammered. "Could I...?" I mimed getting undressed, trying to convey the idea of skinny-dipping without actually saying it.

"Yeah, sure. Make yourself at home!" she chirped before heading out the door. I wasn't sure if she'd caught my meaning or not. She seems pretty cool with whatever. Maybe it would be alright.

The next problem was her boys. The house was quiet. Yuuna was in her room, but I couldn't tell if her brothers were here or not. I headed into the bath room, pulled off my hoodie and jeans, and found my bikini. I wonder if I could get away with leaving it here. I wasn't committed yet, but I was getting all excited just thinking about going out there naked. I wasn't sure how Yuuna would feel either, but she'd been quite friendly to me.

I stripped down, and stuffed all my clothes into my bag. I had a quick shower, and then toweled off. I still couldn't tell if Hitoshi or Naoki were here or not. Just to be safe, I pulled on my hoodie, and wrapped the towel around my waist. Bringing my bag, I tiptoed out into the hall. I felt a twinge of guilt as I snuck past Hitoshi's room. He didn't seem to be there though. I came out to their living room. I must have set my backpack down. I was so excited I was in a bit of a daze.

"Yuuna?" I called out softly. She suddenly popped out from a stairwell. "Do you want to... um... go in swimming?" I asked, still too chicken to mention skinny-dipping.

She rushed off to get changed. She came back in her swimsuit, and led me out onto the deck, and down to the pool.

Yuuna dove in right away, but I stood there looking around. There was no sign of their neighbors. No sign of Hitoshi or Naoki either as far as I could see. The house was pretty quiet.

"Um, Yuuna," I called her over. "You remember what your mom said about you guys skinny-dipping sometimes? Would it be OK if I...?"

She didn't respond right away, but eventually, she shrugged, and said,

"Yeah, sure," as if it wasn't a big deal. I didn't know quite to make of that. Was I the only one around here who thinks it strange?

Anyway, I cautiously stripped off my hoodie and towel, and set them down. It felt really weird being naked out here in their backyard. The neighbor's house was two storeys, so I could see their windows above the fence. Yuuna didn't seem concerned, and I still felt worried that someone might be watching.

I walked over to the pool's edge, shivering from excitement. Yuuna peered up at me curiously, but she didn't seem offended. I guess she'd seen her parents naked enough times that it was no big deal. Do her brothers swim naked too? I'd gone skinny-dipping with my aunt and uncle. Maybe it's a Japanese thing.

I climbed into the pool. The water was cool but refreshing. It felt so wonderful to be au naturel on such a hot day. I wondered if Yuuna might come in skinny-dipping as well, but she kept her suit on. Oh well. Maybe Reiko might join me when she gets back.

After we'd been swimming for a while, I thought I saw something move through the glass doors inside the house. Nervous now, I swam over to take a closer look. There was definitely something there. That room was dark, so a bit hard to see, but it looked like a person. I turned to tell Yuuna, but suddenly, the phone started ringing.

"I'll get it," she called out, climbing out of the pool. Before I could tell her, she'd run back upstairs. I was stuck out here, naked and alone. The person watching me had to be Hitoshi, don't you think? Who else would come watch me? At least he was keeping his distance. He wouldn't see much as long as I stayed in the pool.

It was hard to just go back to swimming though. I could feel his eyes on me, getting me all nervous. Yuuna sure was taking her time on the phone. How long am I supposed to stay out here?

Eventually, I heard Reiko's voice, back from her errands. She came out onto the balcony, and called down to me,

"You will stay for supper this time, won't you? I bought some fresh oysters for you."

"Um, yeah, OK," I agreed. I wanted to ask her to bring me my clothes, but she'd already disappeared back inside. Shoot! Now what do I do?

I hid in the pool for the longest time, but I knew I'd have to get out sooner or later. I swam over to the pool ladder, but the shadow person saw, and came to the window to watch. It did seem to be Hitoshi alright, and he was clearly quite focused on me. I guess my teasing him the other day had got him excited. I really didn't want to flash him again, but supper would be ready soon, and I should probably get dressed before Gavin and Naoki come home.

Gathering up my nerve, I grabbed the handrails, and slowly climbed up out of the pool. I felt so embarrassed as I had to let him see first my breasts and then my bush. He seemed much more shocked this time, I guess not expecting to find me naked.

As quickly as I could, I scampered over to where I'd left my towel. I glanced over at Hitoshi. He was staring straight at me. I dried myself off, struggling to get my feelings in check. I knew I shouldn't get excited, but it was impossible not to. I threw the wet towel down, scooped up my hoodie, and bounded up the outdoor staircase, scrambling to hide from my not so secret admirer. At least, I think the neighbors didn't see me.

Still naked, I paused on the balcony, listening. It sounded like Gavin, Reiko's husband, was home! Drat! I'd been hoping to nip inside, and get dressed before they all got here. I pulled on my hoodie, trying to pull it down to cover my bush at least, but it was a lot shorter than the one I'd brought the other day. I could kind of get it to almost reach my pussy, but my bare bottom was wide open! I wondered if I should go get my towel, but Hitoshi was probably down there, dying for another peek at me. I took a deep breath, and finally opened the door.

"Oh Emi, there you are. Did you have a good swim?" Reiko asked. I must have looked quite the sight bottomless, but Reiko didn't even blink. I found that so strange. If it had been my mom, she would have been freaking. There was a glass of red wine on the counter, so maybe Reiko had been drinking.

"Um, yeah. Thanks." My face was burning up from the embarrassment. I heard Hitoshi come up the stairs. He peeked into the kitchen at me, trying not to smile. I felt for the hem at the back, but my whole bare bottom was showing. I was crazy excited now. I knew I should hide, so I finally asked,

"Can I use your shower?"

"Sure. Go ahead," Reiko nodded, pointing the way.

Hitoshi backed up to let me pass, but bugged his eyes way out when I walked past, letting him see my bare behind. I quickly ran down the hall to hide in their bath room. It sounded like Naoki was home too. I quickly peeled off the hoodie, and climbed into their shower. The water helped me cool down a little, but it was so weird being naked with all of them home. I washed up as best I could, but there didn't seem to be any towels. I shook myself off to dry, but my backpack wasn't here either. I'd left it out in the house. Oh drat. Now what do I do?

I pulled my hoodie back on, but I looked even more obscene now with water dripping from my fluffy black bush. My breasts had kind of swollen up from the excitement, pulling the hem of my hoodie up even higher. I opened the door a crack, but I couldn't see my bag in the hall. Oh wait! I think I put it in their living room.

Hitoshi wasn't in the hall, but I knew he had to be nearby. I cautiously stuck my head out. Oh, he's down at the door to the kitchen. I glanced down at my dripping wet bush, and shivered. I knew I shouldn't go out there bottomless with him watching, but I had to get my bag or a towel or something!

The hall the other way leads out to the front entrance, and then round to their living room with its big picture window. Gavin and Naoki were probably in the living room. They'd no doubt be pretty surprised if I walked out there naked like this!

"Reiko. Reiko," I called out softly trying to get her attention. I don't think she heard. I couldn't see Yuuna, and wasn't sure where her room was in any case.

While I stood there wavering, Hitoshi came down this way. All in a panic, I backed away, but he came right to the door, and looked in at me. The hem of my hoodie had floated way up, so he could see my soaking wet bush. I placed one hand gingerly over it, lowering my head, peering up at him shyly through my bangs. My heart was literally pounding in my chest.

"Wow!" he mouthed, maybe a bit overwhelmed himself. "You look gorgeous!"

I blushed. He kind of looked handsome himself in the dim light.

"Hitoshi. Could you do me a favor?" I whispered. "Could you get my bag for me?"

He stared at me, wide-eyed, but nodded.

"Where is it?" he asked. A good question! I was so glad he seemed willing to help I rushed forward to the door, pointing off towards their living room. Hitoshi peered down at my bare bottom, surprised that I was so game. I was so horny it wasn't even funny.

Hitoshi covered his crotch—I think he was hard, and gestured for me to lead the way. I peered out at Reiko wondering what she would do if she saw me teasing her son like this. I looked to Hitoshi, asking if it would be OK, and he nodded for me to go ahead. 'Had other girls run around naked here?' I wondered. He seemed pretty chaste, and there was no sign of any girlfriend in his room.

Half out of my mind with lust by then, I took Hitoshi at his word, and stepped out into the hallway. I made a half-hearted effort to cover my butt crack, but I was so excited.

I stopped at the corner though, and motioned for him to go look for my bag. He obeyed, but while I waited, Reiko came out of the kitchen, and tried to hand me a plate of food.

"Here, Emi. Could you put this on the table over there?" What? Does she want me to flash her husband and sons? She is a bit of a free spirit, but isn't that just crazy?

"Uh, Reiko, I... um," I declined, trying to get her to realize I was naked from the waist down. She ended up taking the plate over herself.

Reiko did kind of motion for me to get dressed, but I didn't have anything to change into. I peered around the corner. Hitoshi was checking here and there, but still hadn't found my bag. Reiko, ignoring my plight, called everyone to the table to eat.

"Supper's ready."

Yuuna came out of her room, and seemed quite surprised to find me bare ass. I was almost glad in a way that I wasn't the only one who found this weird. She walked past, leaving me standing here.

"Hitoshi, come to the table!" Reiko barked.

"Emi can't find her bag," he explained.

"I think I know where it is," I announced, softly.

"Go get it then," Reiko insisted, still not acknowledging the fact I was naked. 'I can't go out there dressed like this,' I wanted to tell her. I thought I'd put my bag under the coffee table, but Hitoshi had disappeared off round the corner.

"Could everyone close their eyes? I'm not decent!" I finally admitted! Naoki turned this way, trying to see. I hid around the corner, my heart beating away pitter-pat.

"It's OK. It's OK," Reiko insisted. "No one cares how you're dressed."

I weighed this, but Hitoshi and Naoki were both randy young boys, seemingly quite interested in my body. Gavin was trying to look innocent, but it struck me that he might fancy me as well.

"Please. Close your eyes. I'm shy," I pleaded.

"Oh alright," Reiko relented. She placed one hand over her eyes, humoring me. Yuuna also put her hands over her eyes, but she kept peeking to see if I had come out yet. Naoki, who was closest to me, didn't cover his eyes at all. He kept looking over this way, a wolfish leer on his face.

"Um, everybody!" I insisted. Reluctantly, Naoki obeyed, and Gavin followed suit. They were all acting like I was making a big deal over nothing. I couldn't tell if Hitoshi had heard me, but anyway, I came out, past Naoki all the way to entrance to their living room. I hid behind the door frame, and peered out into the room. Hitoshi was there, still looking for my bag.

Before I could do anything, I heard Naoki snigger. He'd opened his eyes, and was drooling over my bare bottom. I vaguely covered my butt crack, but frankly, I was too horny by then to care. I guess I did kind of like Hitoshi a little bit—he seemed to be trying to help—but even if I hadn't, it was pretty exciting being out here in their living room dressed like this.

"Where did you see it last?" Reiko asked, getting up to help. When I didn't answer, they all kind of opened their eyes, and peered over at me. I tried to make a show of covering up, but they could all see I was naked, so it was no use by then. I growled at Naoki not to look, but he just laughed.

Earlier, Reiko had been trying to make out like nudity was no big deal in their house, but Naoki was dancing around like a chimpanzee, and even Gavin looked amused by my bare ass. Yuuna wagged a finger at me, 'for shame,' but she opened her mouth wide, I think only feigning shock, smiling. I kind of felt tricked. Reiko and Hitoshi had definitely egged me on, but actually, it seemed that none of them thought I'd actually do it. I tried to smile too, patting myself on my butt cheeks, kind of embarrassed now for falling for it.

"What does the bag look like?" Gavin asked. I'd become so focused on being naked, I'd almost forgotten about my bag. Up until then, I'd been a bit shy, hiding behind the door frame at the entrance to their living room, but Gavin's question seemed to signal that he was OK with all this. If even he was game, maybe I can push things a bit further. I lifted my arms up, and tentatively stepped out into the living room, stopping short when Hitoshi turned to gaze at my pussy. From his awed reaction, I guess they had not had other girls wander around here naked, none like me anyway!

I could feel an orgasm coming on. I wasn't even touching myself, but I was so excited, in heaven almost. I wanted to have sex actually, not with one of them in particular, just someone. I glanced over at Hitoshi, wondering what he made of my pussy, but he was too stunned to speak.

Reiko kind of spoiled my fun by unearthing my bag. It was down at the end just next to their home theater.

"Oh there it was!" I exclaimed, not really that surprised. "I knew it had to be out here somewhere."

Reiko handed it to me, and motioned for me to go get dressed. I was breathing pretty deeply by then, still struggling not to come, but I backed away from the window at least. Naoki was trying to get a look at my pussy, but I blocked his view with my bag. Gavin, unable to contain his curiosity, asked,

"Do you often go skinny-dipping?"

"Um, yeah, I've been a few times. Why do you ask?" I retorted sweetly.

"No, it's just you seem comfortable, lounging around in the nude..."

I blushed, worried that my secret was out, but I continued to stand there, while they all looked on. The orgasm was coming closer though, so I finally retreated all the way down to the kitchen door. Reiko sat down, turning away. I moved to a spot where hopefully she wouldn't see, fished a rubber band out of my bag, and then set the bag down on the floor. Naoki and Hitoshi were still peering over, riveted by my bare behind. I nervously gathered my hair up into a ponytail, and then turned back to face them as I wrapped the elastic around. Naoki had been dying for a look at my bush, so I finally let him see.

"Oh sorry. Excuse me," I apologized backing away around the corner. My heart was pounding in my chest. What on earth did I do that for? They all must think I'm crazy. Still horny and shaking, I fished out my panties and skirt, and pulled them on.

Once I was all dressed, I came back to the table. My heart was still pounding, but Reiko was jabbering away, so it wasn't so weird. Everyone else was pretty quiet. I wasn't sure if I'd overstepped, but anyway, Reiko didn't seem offended. The guys kept stealing glances at me.

After supper, Gavin and Reiko walked me out to the bus stop.

"I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to...," I kept apologizing.

"That's alright. It's no big deal really. Hitoshi and Naoki are used to seeing me naked."

"Anyway, thanks again, and sorry for all the bother."

"Don't worry about it. Give us a call next time you head out this way."

"Really? OK, sure," I smiled.

My bus came, and I finally headed back. It was a nerve-wracking day in some ways, but invigorating too. I felt so free and alive. 

