Hugh couldn't remember why he'd agreed to let Stephen throw him a birthday celebration. He'd never been much for birthdays generally, and turning 47 was not exactly a concept designed to delight. Plus, knowing Stephen, it was going to turn out to be something bizarre, like a male stripper reciting Shakespeare's sonnets at him during dinner at The Ivy.

He sighed and straightened his tie. Stephen had specifically requested the outfit – striped suit with the pale blue, understated tie that was his favorite - prefacing the request by calling Hugh "my little meerkat of delight," and who ever could resist that anyway? Who ever could resist Stephen? That explained the birthday celebration, in the end, no matter what specific means Stephen had used. That explained everything. He fiddled with his tie again.

There was Stephen's characteristic knock – not "shave and a haircut," which was far too mundane, but rather the rhythm of the chorus to "Waiting at the Church." Hugh dropped his hands and opened the door to Stephen's smug face. And… Johnny Sessions' equally smug face, behind Stephen.

"Hullo," was all Hugh could manage. If it's going to take two of them to get me to wherever we're going, I'm in trouble.

Stephen's smirk grew wider. "Hello, poppet. Are you ready to depart this drab existence for a night of exotic debauchery?" Behind him, John fluttered his eyelashes and Hugh gulped. Surely this can't be what I'm thinking. Stephen had known of Hugh's attraction to John for years, even teased him about it in moments of post-coital amusement. The worst ribbing had come just after taping that first episode of QI, in which Hugh had spent far too much time grinning at John's self-effacing brilliance.

Before he could follow that train of thought to its logical conclusion, however, Stephen was sliding an arm around Hugh's waist and murmuring "come along, my little strawberry scone-let," and then they were out the door.

-----

By the time dinner came to an end, it was clear to Hugh that the situation was exactly what he had been thinking. They'd gone to a tiny hole-in-the-wall Indian restaurant (looking quite out of place in their suits, Hugh thought, though John unbuttoning his cuffs and rolling up his sleeves was certainly a pleasant visual) and Stephen had insisted on feeding them both pieces of naan and bites of delicious curry. The proprietors hadn't so much as blinked an eye at his antics, however, so eventually Hugh had relaxed, getting into the spirit of the exercise and leaning over to swipe a bit of sauce from Stephen's lip with his thumb. The heat in Stephen's eyes had been more than worth the embarrassment factor of doing something so clichéd.

But now Stephen was paying the bill and John was sliding his hands over Hugh's shoulders in the guise of helping him put his jacket back on, and Hugh was more than a bit nervous. Were they really going to do this? It had featured rather heavily in his fantasies while stuck in America – John's cheeky grin dissolving into an expression of uncontrolled pleasure as Stephen sucked him; Stephen indulgently stroking himself as he watched Hugh move against John's lithe body and murmur filthy suggestions in his ear.

Stephen's hand settled against the nape of Hugh's neck and he started, realizing that he'd been staring into space and both men were looking at him with concern.

"All right, loveling?" Stephen queried gently. "If this is…" Hugh hadn't seen him so unsure in years. "I only thought you might like it. We don't need to—" Hugh cut him off with a kiss, pushing aside his own longstanding quibbles about showing affection in public.

A moment later, breaking the kiss, he reached out to slide a hand down John's arm, enjoying the flex of muscles underneath the fabric.

"It's a lovely present, darling," he said.

-----

And then soon enough they were back at the flat Hugh kept in the city as a place for visiting friends, or for himself to hide in peace from the bustle of work and the world. In the bedroom, he pushed John against the wall and leaned in to kiss him, a glance as he moved daring Stephen to object. Stephen, of course, did no such thing, leering at both of them and shedding his jacket hastily. Then he stepped up behind Hugh, leaning in to press the three of them together. Hugh could feel Stephen's erection against his arse, and an almost identical sensation against his thigh. It was exhilarating. He tipped his head down and nipped at John's neck, nuzzling upwards into the silvery hair around his ear.

John moaned, and reached down, pressing his hand between Hugh's legs. Stephen's head came around the other side to kiss John, pressing Hugh even closer.

"Oh!" Hugh moaned, enjoying the delightful attentions from both sides. He felt John's cheek turn up into a grin, and he didn't have to look up to know Stephen was already smirking.

What a pair of smug bastards, Hugh thought fondly.

Then John was leaning back. "Perhaps the birthday boy would care to be the recipient of some, hmmm, oral attentions?"

The image of that self-satisfied mouth wrapped around his cock provoked another moan from Hugh.

"Only if I get to fuck you afterwards," he murmured, delighted when John flushed. Stephen nibbled gently at the back of Hugh's neck and he turned, catching Stephen's lips in a deep kiss.

"And you, dear fellow," he continued, mind racing with a number of enticing possibilities, "I think you ought to put that lovely mouth to good use as well. After all, it wouldn't do for our guest to be unsatisfied."

Stephen moaned and tugged Hugh's shirt loose, sliding his fingers up to tease Hugh's nipples. Then one hand moved to Hugh's belt, swiftly undoing his trousers and pushing them down. John's hands were reaching around from behind him, unbuttoning his shirt and pushing it off his shoulders until he stood naked between the two of them.

Being the subject of lustful gazes from two attractive men was a heady sensation. It almost made him feel like 47 wasn't a bad place to be, all things considered. Then both of them were shucking their own clothing and John was pushing him onto the bed, sliding that deliciously hot mouth onto his cock.

Hugh's eyes closed as the sensation washed over him and he had to fight to keep himself from thrusting upwards. When he could control himself again he opened his eyes, only to gasp at the sight of Stephen kneeling by the edge of the bed, his sinfully flushed face between John's muscled thighs.

"God," Hugh choked out, eyes flashing between the two of them – John arched in pleasure even as he did something unbelievable with his tongue, and Stephen stroking himself slowly and sucking John for all he was worth. "God," he said again, and met Stephen's eyes as he came.

Stephen smirked, sliding his mouth free and moving up onto the bed with an audible huff of air before leaning in to kiss John's swollen mouth. He pushed one thigh between John's legs and Hugh watched the two of them move together for a long moment as he recovered.

"You going to make good on that promise of fucking," John challenged, panting against Stephen's neck, "or are you too old to go again, birthday boy?"

Stephen snorted. "Actually, he has incredible stamina for such an ancient thing." Hugh smiled at the fond tone and gave John an intense look.

"Oh, I'll make good," he said, stroking his cock, already half hard again from watching them. "But I want to watch Stephen prepare you." John moaned, throwing his head back and allowing Stephen to bite at his neck.

Hugh smirked and reached for the lube in the bedside table, taking a dollop for himself and passing it down to Stephen's nimble fingers. He mimicked Stephen's movements, pressing a finger into himself as Stephen spread John open, making all three of them gasp. Both of them were quickly ready, and there was a moment of semi-embarrassed shuffling about as they all got into the right positions.

But then there was the familiar feeling of Stephen sliding into him, the way his fingers always clutched at Hugh's hip, pulling him closer. And then John slid back onto his cock, and Hugh thought he might pass out from the pleasure. It took some experimentation but soon they were moving together in time, Hugh alternately pushing back against Stephen and thrusting forward into John's tight arse.

Hugh reached around, palming John's cock with the hand that was still slick with the remnants of the lubrication. Behind him, Stephen was dropping tender kisses on the nape of Hugh's neck in between hoarsely saying things like how beautiful he was. Hugh ran his thumb over the head of John's cock and John moaned, speeding up the pace of his motions. "Jesus," he gasped out. "Please, Hugh…"

And then Stephen's voice was in his ear – "Hugh, darling… God, I love you" – as he came, shuddering and spilling hotly into Hugh's arse. It was only a moment later that Hugh came as well, twisting his hand to bring John over the edge.

As Hugh's heartbeat calmed, they settled into the bed and he sighed contentedly.

"Did you like your present, dearest?" murmured Stephen, reaching down to draw the blankets over them.

"Satisfactory, I hope," echoed John.

"It was lovely," Hugh said, stroking one hand over John's hair where his head rested against Hugh's chest. "Though I didn't get to unwrap it," he teased.

"What a shocking omission," said Stephen, grinning. "I suppose I shall have to rectify that for next year."