ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 6

Sitting alone on the picnic table, still naked, I felt this cloak of guilt and shame envelope me. I had not only humiliated myself in front of my neighbor's daughter and his grandson, for no other reason than a cheap thrill, but I had offended Kevin with my cavalier attitude toward 'Life Modeling', which he apparently took very seriously. I got up and walked into the house and decided I should check on Paul. After all, he was pretty drunk when I helped him to bed earlier. I reached the top of the stairs and could hear him snoring from down the hall. I made an about face and went back down to the kitchen.

For whatever reason, I went back out on the deck, and sat back on top of the picnic table, still feeling emotionally shallow, concerning my dismissiveness of the importance of 'Life Modeling'. Kevin was right. I had turned something that was a centuries old, respected art form and turned it into something cheap and dirty, even though he never actually said that. I felt so sheepish and penitent about the entire situation, but I would have to wait, if I were to make amends with both Kevin and Susan. I started to clean up the deck, when it hit me. "Wait a minute!" I thought to myself. "Yes, it is true that I was completely naked in Mike's kitchen when Kevin first walked in, but it was Susan who had dragged my naked ass across my back lawn to Mike's house! I had no idea Kevin would be there! She was the reason he saw me totally naked in his grandfather's kitchen in the first place!

Granted, I made no attempt to cover my tits while Kevin and Susan carried out their ten-minute conversation about his schooling, while I remained so exposed, but no one ever offered me a towel or anything else to cover my nakedness! Although I must admit the idea of me leaning over on Mike's countertop and spreading my legs so Kevin could get a good look at my ass and pussy. did aroused me, but I didn't do it! Not to mention that after I turned around giving him a full-frontal view of my naked physique, as I asked him about college, he was the one to make the sexual innuendoes about my "Enter Here" pubic hair arrow, that pointed to the opening of my pussy! He was also the one to make a comment about my erect nipples and told me how his college buddies would love to eat me up, referring them performing oral sex on my pussy!

As I attempted to justify my abhorrent conduct of the last several hours or so to myself, I felt a cool breeze sweep across my naked form, re-invigorating my libido. The way I had disgraced myself only minutes before, should have been a lesson to me, but I found myself unable to put on any sort of cover over my naked flesh. Not even a towel. My imagination started picking up where it had left off earlier, when I used the door jamb of our bedroom to portray the two posts I was bound too, while blindfolded, like the girl in the 'Level One' trailer. I had imagined Caroll had masturbated me to an orgasm in front of the twenty-four plus well-dressed spectators, and now it was time for the blindfold to come off.

Regardless of how reprehensible my behavior from the time I viewed that 'Level One' trailer, posted on Caroll's website, right up until now had been, the burning desire to envision myself in that position was irrepressible. I took another swig of wine and sat on the table, much as the girl in the trailer had during her post orgasm interview. I pretended I had been brought to orgasm by Caroll, since my own moral code had prevented me from climaxing a second time, earlier in the day. I continued with my fantasy and pretended Caroll had removed the blindfold, allowing me to observe the well dressed, masked and cheering audience, that had just witnessed me being brought to orgasm. I was now able to understand how that girl in the trailer must have felt, as she gave her little interview. I found myself unable to stop smiling, as this group of strangers continued applauding me, as Caroll led me to and adjoining room where 'MY" post orgasm interview would take place.

The usual emotions of shame and humiliation were still very present but seemed overshadowed by the feeling of empowerment. The exhilaration of being the only one naked, surrounded by people who had just witnessed Caroll perform the most private and intimate of female activities on me, was incredibly intense! I was rapidly becoming addicted to the sensation. Happy my psychological justification of the day's events, had allowed me to continue my little fantasy out on our deck, I pictured a fully clothed female interviewer sitting across from me, as I remained totally naked and covered in my own sweat. I pretended there were also two camera men filming the entire interaction between us, from several different angles. The euphoria was uncontrollable as I awaited the interviewer's first question.

I was visualizing the female interviewer asking me, "Jenifer. I hear this is your first time performing at one of these exhibitions. How did it feel, once you were bound totally naked to the posts and blindfolded, knowing you were completely on display for all to witness?" Making sure I kept a smile on my face, I answered, "Since, I could only hear the audience, and not see them, and being restrained the way I was, I felt incredibly helpless and vulnerable, which only served to heighten the experience for me!", as I rocked from side to side, still displaying an attitude of confidence and grinning from ear to ear. I continued imagining the interviewer was asking the questions, and I was answering them. I had worked myself to the height of titillation, but I wanted more. I Needed More!

I sank to the lowest level of my depravity, as I envisioned Caroll walking up and standing beside me, right smack in the middle of the interview. The room was silent as she slid her fingers into my pussy, which of course were my own fingers. I looked up at her, and asked, "Caroll, what are you doing?" "Just taking your temperature, dear. Now relax", as she massaged my clitoris, right there in front of the interviewer and both camera men. I was so horny, I made no attempt to stop her, no matter how inappropriate the encounter seemed to be. Caroll then announced, "Someone is extremely moist down here. I think she'd like to experience another orgasm!" By this time, I was feverishly working my clit until I let out a screech, then climaxed right there on our deck, sitting on the picnic table.

I laid back on the table, exhausted from the physical, mental and emotional tolls of the day's events. Yet! There I was! Pretty much drunk, not to mention.... 'STARK NAKED!', as I laid on my back, looking up at the stars. All I could think about was "How could I have gone from a woman who was unable to remove her bikini top in front of complete strangers, while vacationing in the Carribean with her husband only weeks ago, to this person who had exposed her fully naked body to her 70-year-old, blind neighbor, his divorced 42-year-old "Lesbian" daughter, and 19-year-old "Life Model" grandson! And all within two hours! "HOW?", I asked myself", still naked and looking up at the stairs.

I snapped out of my fog, then made my way to the jacuzzi and stepped in. I found myself rubbing my entire body with my hands, as if I was attempting to scrub off some imaginary film of immorality, left over from my evening of debauchery. The task seemed pointless, so I got out of the jacuzzi and turned off the jets. I then noticed the two dry, folded towels that neither Paul nor I had used. They were right where I placed them when we came out onto the deck this afternoon. "That says it all", I thoughted to myself, as I picked one up and dried myself off.

I then made my way up to our bedroom. Paul had thankfully stopped snoring, so I crawled into our bed, still pondering the choices I had made during the day. I laid in our bed revisiting the events of the evening and wondering where the motivation to expose myself came from. Was it some hidden desire that has been buried in my psyche, and was now revealing itself, or just a random set of circumstances? I was feeling ashamed of my behavior yet fulfilled in some way, at the same time. I was finally able to fall asleep.

The next morning, I woke to the sound of the lawn mower, outside our bedroom window. I looked out to see what I had fully expected to see. Paul was cutting the grass, wearing nothing but his tiny speedo and his sneakers, which was his habit to do. You see, we live at the end of a dead-end street. Mike's house is the last one on the right and the closest one to ours. The last house on the left was situated over three hundred feet up the street and was owned by a middle-aged man who spent most of his time on the road for his work.

Paul had spent four years on the swim team in college, so was used to being surrounded by coaches, family, friends, other swimmers, not to mention the spectators, while so scantly covered. I think that is what allowed him to be so comfortable wearing only the small, snug briefs in public. Who knows! Maybe it turned him on to parade around while being so exposed! Like I mentioned earlier, he has the body for it. Paul is 5' 10" tall, and 175 pounds. His body is that of a swimmer's. He's slender, well-toned and very fit. Either way, I always enjoyed watching my sexy husband cut the grass in that little thing.

I put on my white, cut off tank top, that barely comes down past my breasts, and a pair of white, low-cut cotton panties and walked down to the kitchen. Paul likes it when I dress this way around the house. I made myself a cup of coffee and walked out onto the deck, since Paul was now cutting the grass in the back yard. I picked up the empty beer cans and wine bottle and continued to clean up our deck. I then started a load of laundry. Paul finished cutting the grass, so I joined him on the deck, now with my second cup of coffee. We were sitting at the picnic table when Paul asked the question I knew was coming, and also knew needed to be answered.

"Sorry I passed out so early, Jen", he said, before continuing. "So how was the rest of your evening?", he asked. "Well, like I told you last night, Sue was at Mike's when I walked him home. 'Totally Naked' I might add, thanks to you", I replied. "What did she say?", he asked, as he chuckled. "Nothing really", I responded. "She just looked at me, and seemed a bit upset at first. Then she came over a short while later and asked if she could have a glass of cognac. Mike had told her we had some over here. We each drank down our glasses, then emptied the remaining cognac into them, and finished it off". "Were you still naked?", he asked, attempting to conceal his excitement, but not doing a very good job of it. "Yes, Paul. I was still naked", I replied, rolling my eyes, indicating that he was making it a bigger deal than it really was.

I knew I had to tell Paul that Kevin had seen me naked. If I didn't, and it came out later, he would think I was hiding something from him. I decided now was the time to tell him. Leaving out a few bits and pieces of the story, I continued, "After the cognac was gone and I was almost out of wine, Sue told me she had some wine at Mike's house. I assumed she was going to run over and get it, then come back. I couldn't have been more wrong. She grabbed my hand and started leading me back over to Mike's house". "While you were still naked?", Paul asked. He showed no signs of being the slightest bit upset or jealous, while he awaited my answer. If anything, he seemed elated in his anticipation of my response. "Yes, Paul, While I was still naked", I replied, once again rolling my eyes.

"Sue's much bigger than I am, Paul", I started. "I felt like a toddler being pulled along by her mother, as I argued that I needed to put some clothes on. She just tightened her grip on my hand, and said, "If you can walk my dad home while naked, you can walk me there while naked as well. Besides, Dad's already in bed", as she continued to pull me along". I started to notice a bulge in Paul's speedo, which put me somewhat at ease as I continued my story. "When we were in Mike's kitchen", I started. Paul interrupted me, and asked, with even more enthusiasm in his voice, "You went in Mike's house totally naked?" "Paul!", I snapped. "None of this would have even happened, if you hadn't insisted, I walk Mike home, when I was still naked!" His expression was one of a little boy after being scolded by a parent.

I was trying to deflect some of the blame, as I got closer to the part where Kevin saw me completely naked. I was telling Paul how Sue was getting a bottle of wine from the refrigerator, as I was standing up against the kitchen cabinet, when I continued, "Now Paul. Don't get upset, but while we were in the kitchen, Kevin walked in". Before he could respond, I said, "Kevin must have shown up when Sue was over here! Neither of us even knew he was there!" I started to think Paul was getting mad, when he said, in a frustrated tone "Damn! And I missed it!" Although I was a bit concerned that my husband was upset, because he didn't get to witness his neighbor's 19-year-old grandson, viewing his naked wife's body, I was relieved he was not perturbed with me.

"What did Kevin say when he saw you were naked?", Paul asked. "All he said was "Jacuzzi night, Jen?", very nonchalantly, I might add", was my reply. "So how long were you at Mike's?", Paul asked, trying not to appear totally aroused by my little story of the evening's events. I looked down to see his bulge was now a full-blown erection, and barked, "Paul! I can't believe you're getting 'Turned On' hearing about the most humiliating moment of my entire life! What's wrong with you?" "Come on, Jen. It couldn't have been all that bad. So what? Kevin saw you naked", was his casual response. I just shook my head, and said, "To answer your question, Sue and I left Mike's only a moment later and came back here". I know! I know! That statement wasn't entirely true, but I felt I had given Paul enough information, without getting us into an argument.

I continued with my story, noticing Paul's erection had subsided a bit. Probably because I yelled at him. I went on to say, "I hopped back into the jacuzzi, while Sue stripped off all of her clothes, and joined me". "Sue got naked too?", he fervently asked. "Yes, Paul. She didn't have a bathing suit with her, so she wisely removed her clothes before getting in the water. That's usually how it's done", I said, somewhat sarcastically. Feeling like I was being a bit hard on my husband, I decided to throw him a little tidbit to chew on. "That's when she told me she was a lesbian!", I announced. "Sue's a lesbian?", he asked. "Yes Paul. She's a lesbian. She told me she had gotten tired of living a double life, so she and Kevin's father decided to have an amicable divorce".

Even though all this was a lot for Paul to take in at one time, I decided to 'Up the Stakes' a bit. I waited for Paul to lead in with the right question, so I could spring Sue's idea of me posing naked for the evening 'Life Modeling' classes at the community college, on him. I needed to know his position on the subject. Not because I was considering doing it, but to satisfy my curiosity about my husband's desire to see me naked in front of other people. How far would he want me to go? I didn't have long to wait. "What else did you girls talk about?", was his next question. "Well, since Sue discovered me naked, while I was walking Mike home, "again thanks to you", she seems to think I'm some sort of exhibitionist. She even used that word", I said. "She kept telling me about her friend in the Art Department down at the community college. She must have told me at least three times, they were looking for 'Life Models' for the evening classes at the school". Paul was practically drooling on himself.

