Title: The Marriage Therapist
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Tina, a mind-controlling marriage therapist, 'fixes' a
married couple.
Keywords: MF MFF mc

The Marriate Therapist
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

My last appointment today started at about 2:30 this afternoon, and
it was... productive. For the family, that is. Allow me to introduce
myself: my name's Tina, and I'm a licensed marriage therapist in
Springfield, Illinois. My day job pays my bills, but I enjoy it for
one reason--besides the high pay: I get to play with my clients. I
can control minds, thoughts, feelings--you name it. I can fix a
marriage (to my perverse liking) in a few minutes, and I usually
program the cute ones to come back for, well, "follow-up" visits.
It's too easy! I'm sure many people would use this power for good--
but I'm 6'1", I have long brown hair, D cup titties, and a perfect
ass. I'm made for sex, so that's what I use my gift for.

Anyway, back to the troubled couple: the Whytes. I read their
thoughts while they were in the lobby to get a feel for the situation
that brought them here. Basically, Brandi, the wife, was being frigid-
-
she'd had enough of Joe (the husband) working odd hours at the
hospital, and had been using sex as a weapon to get what she wanted,
which usually consisted of shopping sprees and a bigger house in
which to put her ill-gotten goods. Now, normally, I like "fixing"
things so that the woman is in charge--gotta look out for the ladies--
but this abuse was inexcusable. If she didn't understand the nature
of sex, then she'd learn the hard way.

Taking control of my secretary's body, I scanned them visually. Tina
had nice, fake DD breasts on her 5'6" frame. Her skin was tanned
darkly, and her black hair completed the short, dark and HOT image
she so diligently worked (and payed) for. Joe was moderately muscled,
and in pretty good shape, except for some extreme sexual frustration.
Well, I would take care of that! As they entered my office, I issued
the wife a command that she could not interfere with anything that
her husband and I were doing. Also, she could not leave her chair
unless told to do so, and she would have to follow any command anyone
in the room gave her. But, she would still be free to verbalize her
true feelings. Joe, on the other hand, would readily agree with
anything I said and would do anything I wanted.

I let Brandi bitch about Joe for about 5 minutes, and then I started
the fun. "Shut up, you stuck-up, frozen bitch!" I told her, and to
her surprise, she did! "Let's lay your problems out, shall we?" At
that, Joe nodded his head in agreement. "Your husband works hard
hours, and he has to buy you things all the time to even have a small
hope at getting a piece of your hot ass. That's not right. It's time
you learned that sex isn't a weapon, it's a pastime. Joe, strip,
honey, OK?"

As Joe started to disrobe with a silly grin on his face, Brandi
bellowed, "Hey, wait, what the fuck! We're leaving!" She found
quickly that she was unable, no matter how hard she tried, to stand.
"What's going on!!! Joe, stop! Get us out of here!!!!!" She was
beginning to fear for her safety, and that was fine with me. I had
Joe approach me, and we walked to the couch that's in my office. As I
stripped, I sent a little psychic worm into Brandi's head that, as it
burrowed around, would make her hornier the minute. Immediately, her
nipples popped through her skin-tight top, and she began to squirm.

Joe sat down on the end of the couch, and I knelt on the couch
beside him, my head near his crotch. "You husband has a wonderful
cock, why would you restrain yourself from it? Look at how big it
grows while I stroke it... you don't mind if I stroke your cock, do
you, Joe?" I said, and he shook his head 'no.' "You'll let me do
anything to you, or your wife, and you'll like it, won't you, Joey?"

At this, he replied with a hearty "Yes!" His cock was rock hard now,
about 7  inches long. I put the head in my mouth, looked over at his
pissed-off wife, and closed my eyes as my head went down, devouring
his meat. I'm skilled at sucking a dick & I love to do it, especially
when I block the man's orgasm.

"I'm going to SUE you, and DIVORCE YOU, you asshole!" she yelped,
now sweating slightly and squirming a bit more. I sent her a command,
and unbeknownst to her, she began to rub her tits. When she pinched
them, she noticed what she was doing. "What the fuck! WHY CAN'T I
STOP! UNGGGGGGHHHHH!" She was torturing them now, so I had her begin
to strip. She was elated at first to be standing, but instead of
marching over and scrapping with me, she began to take off all her
clothes. God damn, she was hot! She then came over and got on her
knees--with her knees wide apart--in front of the couch. One of her
hands was toying with her clit, the other with her tits. She would
not be allowed to cum. "Jooooooee, maa a ake th-th-this st-st-st-
stoooooop..." she whimpered as her own body continued to assault her.

I stopped sucking Joe off, and sat back up on the couch next to him,
stroking him with my hand. "Joe's not in control here, bitch!" I
said. "I don't think a cunt like you deserves a cock like this," I
said as I looked at his gleaming, erect member in my hand. "I'll tell
ya what: I'm gonna fuck Joe. He needs is sooooo bad. And, you're
gonna watch."

"Joe will never fuck you you ... you... yuuuuhhhhhhh!" Lost in a
lusty and frantic attempt to bring herself off, she had one arm
draped over her back, around her ass, and three fingers in her snatch
from behind, and the other hand was busy at her clit. Still rocking
back and forth on her knees in front of the couch, she was getting
worried at why she hadn't cum, or why she was even doing this in
front of this strange woman and her man.

"OK, if you can get up and lick his cock, I won't fuck him, and you
can leave." She tried to do just that to escape, but she could no
more do that than I could change into a bat and fly away. "Well, your
resolve isn't so strong. But, I'll let you get me ready for him.
You'd better lube me up, bitch!"

"But I don't fuck girmmmmffffssss" her works were cut off by her
mouth being pressed onto (and almost into) my now dripping cunt.
She'd never done this before, and always thought that it was gross,
wrong, immoral, etc., and I didn't change that. Her body was doing
fine even if her mind protested. I slid to the edge of the couch so
her tongue, which had been flicking my clit as she sucked on it,
could like my browneye. One of her fingers went in my snatch, her
other hand's thumb worked my clit, and she tongue-fucked my asshole.
"Get it really wet, honey, it's going to get a little dirty in here!"
When she met my eyes, I kissed her man full on the lips, our tongues
dancing visibly, which further infuriated and worried his wife. But,
when she gets mad, she gives great head!

After 10 minutes or so of this wonderful oral action, I'd had
enough. "OK, it's time to fuck your man. I won't even make him work,
he does enough of that." I straddled him, face to face, and began to
pump up and down. At my mental push, he began meeting my thrusts with
his own, his cock burying itself all the way to my cervix. His wife
screamed "No!!!" as she found her right thumb in her mouth, getting
lubed up, and then thrust into my ass. After 5 minutes of this, but
still blocking his (and her) orgasm, I came all over his lap. He was
in heaven, his wife in hell, and I had a still-stiff cock in my
folds. "Hmmm, so you never would allow him his fantasy of an ass-
fuck, eh?" I said, and turned around, facing her. I lowered my wet
asshole onto his cum-soaked dick, and facing his wife, said, "mmmmm,
you should try this. But for now, suck my clit and play with my tits,
you fucking bitch!"

She was too hot now to even argue. She actaully eagerly started
lapping my cunt as my body was lifted by Joe's string hands up and
down, driving my asshole again and again onto his rod. When she
latched onto my cunt, I began to cum, and when it climaxed, I
released Joe from his hold. I screamed for a solid minute as my (and
his) gyrations nearly made us fall onto his furiously pussy-licking
wife. The feeling of his red-hot jizz going up my poop chute was too
much, and I had another smaller after-orgasm. It felt like he pumped
a quart of cum in my ass! I leaned back, his now deflating cock still
in my ass, and kissed him on the mouth again.

"Pl-Pl-Pl-Pl-Pleeeeeeeeeease let me cuuuuummmm" Brandi mumbled
during the brief time her mouth was not attached to my pussy.

"Well, I don't know, what do you think? She can only cum when you
fuck her and allow her to cum, and does she deserve it?" Joe
shrugged, of course, because I hadn't given him anything else to
think. "Well, OK, Joe can fuck you. I'll allow it. But, only in the
ass."

Brandi found her fingers lubing themselves with her own love lotion,
making it hard to concentrate. Then, her fingers were penetrating her
own asshole, lubing it up with her pussy juice! "But I don't want..."

"Ass fuck or no fuck." I said. She meekly agreed... well, as meekly
as someone can be with her fingers literally up her ass. I looked at
Joe's cock and it sprang back to life instantly, ready for more
action. First thing's first, though. "You'd better clean that cock or
he can't fuck you. My Joe only fucks bitches with a clean cock." She
was hurt at the "My Joe" remark, but found her body moving to his cum-
slicked cock, which had just been in my asshole. I reached into her
mind and pulled out the technique for cock-teasing she used on her
boyfriends who she never let fuck her--teasing them for money and
things--and made her perform that high-quality, toe-curling blowjob.
Her humiliation and sense of helplessness and loss of control were
brimming, and I was getting off on watching this beaten woman suck a
cock that I now owned.

After several minutes, I moved to the edge of the couch again so
that she could eat my asshole while she got her first assfuck. Joe
got up and got behind her, putting his dick at the entrance of her
ass. She reached her hand down to her snatch, and on my mental cue,
inserted her fingers just as Joe pushed his dick into her ass. She
found that her hand kept time with Joe's pistoning cock, and her
thumb rocked her clit. Her moans were muffled, of course, by my
asshole, and she was getting talented at rimming--a quick learner!
Joe sped up his pace at my insistence, and within minutes, he was
about to cum. I blocked his orgasm, had him stand, and had Brandi
start blowing him furiously, with her fist pumping his cock while she
ran her tongue over and around the opening at the tip of his head.
"Tell him to cum in your mouth, and when he does, you can cum. You'll
never cum in your life unless you let him first cum in your mouth."
Then, I gave her control of her body back.

She let go, stood up, and ran for the door... and stopped. She could
barely stand straight, so wrought with lust. She thought it over for
a few seconds (well, she tried to, her mind was to ablaze with raw
sexual stimulation and need for release to really think of its own
accord), and took her position. She put his cock back in her mouth,
grabbed the base of his dick, and removed her mouth long enough to
say, "Pl-Please c-c-c-c-cum in my m-m-mouth, Joe. Let me cum." She
engulfed the head again, and waited. Joe's eyes rolled into the back
of his head as a smaller but still powerful burst of jizz coated the
back of his wife's throat. As soon as his dick was safely out of her
mouth, I released her from her orgasmic hold, and she screamed, head
thrashing side-to-side, hair flailing about, and finally, she passed
out.

While she was out, I made some mental changes to her, and to Joe. I
brought the real Joe back to reality, sharing with him his memory of
what had happened, but making him know that it was all OK and there
was no trouble. He looked at his naked, panting, unconscious wife. I
sat down behind my desk, and, taking over Brandi's body, had her
still sleeping body re-dress. Returning to myself, I laid down some
rules for Joe and Brandi's new life.

"She's yours, now. She's the same mentally, emotionally, and, ahem,
'spiritually' as she was before this visit. The only difference is
that she's completely obedient, constantly sexually charged, and
ready at a moments notice to fuck whoever--or, for that matter,
whatever--you want her to fuck. She knows the feelings aren't
natural, but she can't do anything about it. She will also cum on
command, as hard as you want her to, and when you want her to, even
if you're not having sex."

"You're a lucky man," I said, eyeing his sweat-glistening form as he
redressed. "I usually make the man a slave. But in this case," I
said, pointing with disdain at his bitch of a wife, "I'll make an
exception. You can go now. See you on Thursdays," I said, making sure
he'd bring his wife in for more fun at least once a week... and, at
$200 per hour, I'd be able to hire another secretary.

Closing my eyes, I summoned my secretary, Wanda. I relaxed as her
tongue cleaned my whole body--the sweat, cum, and whatever else had
gotten on me during my last appointment was gently being licked away.
Even though Wanda loved doing this--and anything else--for me, she
was constantly afraid that her husband would find out about our
affair.

Feeling that fear of her husband finding out (he found the idea of
two women together almost as disgusting as Wanda did before she
worked here... and let's just say, her attitude has changed) mixed
with the pleasure she felt every time she served me made my orgasm
that much stronger. Or was it just Wanda licking the cum from my
asshole while she thumbed my clit? After all, I do enjoy a good
rimjob.

'Who cares,' I thought as I came down from my climax.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2002, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.