Girl in the Drive-thru

By

Big Mess

I am an account rep for a large technology sales company.  I travel all over the country.  One day I was driving to an appointment in China town in LA.  I was early so I drove by my favorite coffee house.  A girl asked me for my order and she had the cutest little girl voice.  There was no accent it was just cute and sexy.  I placed my order and she told me to drive forward.  When I pulled up she opened her window and said, $3.75 please.

Before me was a very cute Asian girl.  She looked very young and she wore her little uniform that consisted of a polo shirt and a cap on her head.  Her shirt was pulled tightly over her tiny torso showing almost no breasts.  I could tell she had on a bra underneath as I could see the outline.  She did not need one, but she likely did it because she thought she should.  She was very innocent looking and her long black hair was pulled up under her hat.

Wow! I said.  Are you even old enough to work here sweetheart?

She smiled and said, Yes sir!  I turned fifteen and a half last month and I came here and the owner liked me so he gave me a job!  Im really lucky because he said in the three weeks after I started the afternoon drive thru shift sales went up 20%.  So this is my permanent position!  $3.75 please the line is building up sir.

I reached over and handed her a $5 and said, You can keep the change if you tell me your name sweetie.

She took the change and put it in her cup and smiled saying, Liang.

Lee Ann? I repeated.

No sir, Liang she said and she repeated it again and this time wrote it on a napkin.  She smiled and giggled as she gave me the napkin.  Please pull forward.  I smiled and waved and pulled up and took my coffee that was waiting on me and drove away.  I went to my meeting and made the deal that I was sent to make and I was headed towards the freeway.  I spotted the coffee house again and I was at the stop light in front of it and I thought.  Afternoon shift.  15 and a half had to be in high school.  Likely worked until 6:00.  I looked at the clock in the rental car and it read 5:55.  I pulled in and went into the drive thru waiting for the person on the other end.

Hi again! she said.  You want more coffee?  It was Liangs voice.  I asked her for the same thing I had before and she told me $3.75 and asked me to pull up.  I pulled up and she was there smiling looking just as cute as she did earlier.  Wow Mister, you drink a lot of coffee.  Are you going to be a regular now? she asked smiling and leaning over the window giving me a nice shot of her sexy body.

No, I dont think so.  Im not from around here.  I live in San Francisco, Im just here for the day.  I replied.  

Oh, I love San Francisco.  Whats your name Mister? She asked holding out her hand and taking another $5 from my hand this time she touched my hand.  

I like it when you call me Mister.  I said.  

She giggled and held my change in her hand.  What do I need to do for the tip this time Mister?

Are you getting off soon? I asked.

She giggled and raised her hand up to her mouth as she did so.  She nodded and said, Uh huh!  Im off at six!

Do you need a ride home? I asked.

No sir.  I ride my bike here from school.  I usually ride that home. She said.  But it can fit in your trunk.  You can give me a ride home and take my bike with us.  But you cant tell my father.  Im not supposed to take rides from strangers.  But youre practically a regular now so I can ride home with you if you want.  

I nodded and said, Ill meet you around the corner.  She nodded and pointed me towards the other window.  I picked up my coffee and drove around the corner and parked waiting to see if she would actually come to me.  About 10 minutes later she walked up the sidewalk walking her 10-speed and she bent down again and smiled and knocked on my window showing me a nice look at her bra covered tits.

I got out and opened the trunk and put her bike inside and closed it.  We both got in the car and she sat there smiling as I got in and looked at her.  Boy you are a cutie!  I said and she smiled even bigger for me.  Thanks Mister.  I hear that a lot.  So, what do you want to do?

I dont know what do you want to do? I asked.

I figured you wanted a blowjob.  She said.  

I smiled and said, Oh yeah?  Do you often do that to men you just met at work?

She giggled into her hand again and then gave me a sassy look.  My mommy was in Hong Kong in the nineties when it was still British.  She made a lot of money as an escort.  She told me all about it.  She and my Daddy fell in love in 1995 and he married her and brought her here where they started businesses and a family.  They had 8 children and I am in the middle so I need to pay for college myself.  He owns the coffee shop and he gave me the drive thru window when I started.  Mommy told me how to make money like she did. 

So how much for a blowjob Liang?  I asked with my wallet open.  

She eyed the cash I had in my wallet and reached in and took a $50.  That will do!  But drive and take your second right.  She led me thru the streets and then had me stop at the top of a hill and park.  Your windows are tinted enough so we can do it right here!  She leaned over the console and undid my pants smiling at me.  There sure are a lot of dirty old men in this town, she said as she fished out my cock and admired it in her tiny hand.  you have a nice dick Mister!

Why thank you.  I may be a dirty old man but I tell you what  I said as I fished out another $20.  Take off your shirt before you suck my cock Liang.

She sat up and snatched the $20 and smiled as she stuffed it into her bag.  No problem!  I have to warn you though.  I dont have big titties like some of my sisters but I like my nipples! she said as she pulled her top over her head and sat there on the seat in just her little jean skirt and mary jane shoes.  She was right.  Her tits were non-existent.  She had a slight conical size that may have been an A- cup but oh my gosh she had nipples that must have been an inch long.  She reached up and pulled on her nipples pulling one in each hand.  She pulled on them and smiled as she did so.  She definitely liked the feeling of her big nipples being squeezed.  Do you want to suck on them?  Ill let you suck them for free Mister.

Seeing her in front of me topless made my cock so hard.  I thought I would cum right there just from looking at her.  Oh yeah.  Ill take you up on that!  I said as she raised her tits to my mouth and I sucked on them one at a time.  She reached down and played with my cock and her touch threw me over the edge.  I came right there in her hand as she pumped my cock.  

Oh my!  She said as she pumped my cock and I squirted all over her hand.  

You are so fucking hot I cant stand it!  I replied.

I can see that, let me clean that up and then we can try again.  I wont charge you for this one.  Lets call that a freebie!  She moved down and bent over the console again this time taking my cock in her mouth and slurping my spent cum into her tiny hot mouth.  Her lips were all over my cock and she was able to take the entire length of my cock between her sexy lips.  Mmmmmmmm she moaned as she cleaned cum from my cock.  You taste so good! she said as she finished.

Wow Liang, can we go to my motel?  Its just down the hill and I have a nice room. I said as she repositioned herself and sat back down on the passenger seat putting her shirt back on.  Her pointy nipples showed thru her shirt and I was still very excited about the potential of possibly fucking this little Asian doll.

Sure!  Its only 6:15.  Let me text my Mommy and go ahead and drive us there.  I still owe you a blowjob, but if you want to fuck me that will cost you! she said as she fingered the screen on her phone.

I put the car in drive and rushed to the motel.  We arrived in about five minutes and I smiled at her as she finished on her phone and smiled at me as she put it in her purse.

We exited the car together.  We were in front of the door and I swiped the card on the reader and it opened.  Liang walked inside and I followed her and closed the door.  

She jumped on the bed and asked, Are you ready for your blowjob? she asked as she unbuckled my belt and pulled my cock out of my pants.  I reached under her arms and pulled her polo over her head for the second time of the evening exposing her sexy little body for the second time of the night.  I leaned down and sucked her nipples into my mouth again teasing her nipples again.  She pulled my head onto her tiny tits and squealed.  I pushed her onto her back and she smiled at me and spread her legs before me exposing her tight white panties under her blue jean skirt.  I pulled the skirt off and now this sexy Asian beauty was only in her mary janes with cute white lace socks and her tiny white panties.  


I pulled her panties off in one smooth move and then I spread her legs wide in front of me and exposed her tiny bald pussy.  She had a little hair on her pussy at the top of it.  I smiled and went further down and licked her tight pussy from the bottom of the perfect slit to the top where the little bit of hair grew.  I began licking her twat and she grabbed my hair behind my head and pulled me into her pussy groaning.  Ohhhhhh Mister Mister What is your name?

Jim.  I said and returned to licking and sucking her pussy.

Oh fuck Mister Jim!  Lick my puusy Mister Jim!  She said as I went wild on her teenage pussy.  My tongue dove deep into her and soon she was allowing me to slice into her tiny bald pussy and she grabbed my head pulling me deeper.  Oh, shit!  Mister Jim, your tongue feels so good!  Suck my little pussy and you are gonna make me cum!  Ohhhhh yes! 

I reached up and stuck a finger inside the girls tight twat and she squealed again as she tried to climb up the bed until she was positioned against the headboard.  I followed her as she moved away and soon she was cumming on my tongue.  

Ohhhhhhhhh yessssss!  I love it!  Mister Jim!  Ah, ah, ah, yes!  she cried as she began cumming.  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Her pussy was so sweet.  She tasted better than anything Ive ever tasted.  She shook and moved until I felt her finish climaxing.  I was so excited and I was ok with the lack of a blowjob.  I moved up her sexy body and kissed her slipping my pussy coated tongue into her mouth.  She took it willingly and I knew it was not the first time she tasted pussy.  She ravaged my lips and mouth and I smiled and said, You like the taste of pussy dont you?

Uh huh she groaned as I continued kissing her.  I moved my cock and positioned it between her lips.  She broke our kiss and she laid back and looked down at our union.  She smiled up at me as I slipped the head of my cock up and down her pussy between her lips.  Once the head was moist with her tasty juices I slid it into her.  She closed her eyes and pulled me down onto her skinny body.  Her nipples poked my chest and she wrapped her legs around me and pulled me in deep.  She was definitely not a virgin.  Her pussy was so wet I just slipped inside her hot depths.  This little girl was turning me into a teenage boy.  I could have cum on the spot but this time I was going to hold out.  I was gonna get my moneys worth this time.

Oh fuck! I moaned as she pulled me deeper and I was completely buried in her pussy.  I moved down and sucked on her big nipples again as I began fucking her furiously.  She began squealing as I pumped in and out of her and I could tell she was enjoying it as much as I was.  That was always the sign of a good whore when she enjoyed fucking as much as the men who fucked her.  I pushed her legs back pinning them to her shoulders as I continued pounding her tiny pussy.  Her face was contorted as I fucked her hard. 

Uh, uh, uh, yeah Ahhhhhhhhhh!  She squealed as she came on my cock flexing her tight pussy on my cock.  

That made me cum too.  Oh fuck!  I moaned as I came deep in her tiny Asian pussy.  I pumped deeply into her and she accepted my load deep inside.  I finished and collapsed on top of her and she wrapped her arms and legs around me hugging me tight.  

She tapped me on the shoulder and gave me a kiss and said, Ive gotta go Mister.

We dressed and left the motel room as quietly as we came.  She directed me to a 7-11 near her home and I pulled in and parked.  I took out my wallet and handed her a hundred.  She smiled and kissed me on the cheek and thanked me.  I got out and took her bike out of the trunk and sent her on her way giving her my cell number before she left.  She smiled and waved and left.   I never heard from her after that night.  I go to LA frequently and I stop by that coffee house whenever I am close but I never saw her again.  
