Insatiable Siblings

By: ISS


This was some few years back when I lived with my whole family, 6
sisters and one brother in a beautiful Garden house in Dhaka.I was only
17 to 18 yrs old, very strong and tall.We were a very close knitted
family.At night we slept in one room all together. My sister were very
pretty and sexy.All of them had big Breast and lovely body,this I notice
when they would be sleeping. They use to wear sarees n blouse.At night
my two married sisters would only wear peticoat n blouse,showing most of
the time part of their big breast. I use to pretend that I was asleep
but trying to glance at their sexy body. This went on for sometime but I
would not make or dare to make a move.

Then one night I went to sleep earliar, wearing only a Lungi,nothing on
top. Two unmarried sisters were already asleep but the eldeat one 31yrs
old came late to bed.I intentionally lifted my Lungi so that she could
see my long strong hard cock. she saw but just looked away n went to
sleep very next to me. I was all fired up but nothing happen. All my
sisters would change cloths infront of me as if nothing to see. I use to
masterbate thinking about them. One day I was in my room alloted to me
for the first time nd was very happy for it. As luck would be,it was
next to our big bath room, which had a opening to the bathroom.

One day I heard someone having a bath so I peek in and what I saw was
unbelieable, my eldest sister taking a bath complete naked. It was
awsome, something I saw for the first time in my life.She was Gorgerous
and her breast was all for sucking n pressing.she had a most beautiful
figure and when I saw her pussy I was ready to have go,nothing would
stop me. she had a wonderful body and all waiting for me.she had sexy
ass n silky hair. I saw her rubbing her body with soap,how I wish I was
rubbing her body.Then she left and to my utter luck my other married
sister came to have bath. I was ready for her. She slowly took off her
cloths one by one and I was having a time of my life.Her Breast was more
firm n bigger then my eldest sister.She was strong and firm and very sexy.

I thought today was my day. I would come home soon and wait for them to
take a bath/shower. made sure had no appointment with anyone to spoil my
peeping game.To my luck I saw my other two unmarried sister taking a
bath, they took more time to undress n alway found that they were not
completely naked. man they were all hot n sexy.This went on for a long
time and every time I saw them in Bath naked I would Masterbate
imagining how it would be to fuck my own sisters.Scared but wanted to
have a go at them.

One day as luck would be there was no one in the house except my two
married elder sister.They were in a good mood and offer me money to buy
a present.The eldest sister came and told me to let her know if she has
a phone call which was urgent.She went for a bath and I was all ready o
peep in. When I saw her taking her dress off and was completely naked,I
also took all my dress off and was rubbing my cock seeing her naked.She
was playing with her Breast and rubbing her pussy. Then the phone bell
rang, I called her and said that it was for her,she opened the door
without realizing she was not wearing any cloths and we were both
shocked seeing naked.she stood till, finish her talk and told me to
follow her in to my room.we both grab each other,she started kissing me
and I was caressing her Breast.she took my cock in her hand and was
rubbing it.my lips was licking her cunt.

I went on top of her and we both started to rub each other. Imagine my
cock touch my own sister's cunt.we went wild and was on fire.The thought
of fucking my own sister made me wild n on fire.Oh my it was so good.She
was very impress with my cock and my strong body.well we made love the
whole day.She ak me whether I made love with my other sisters and with
whom. I told her she was my first.She told me that he other four sister
would love to have sex with me provided I fuck her every day. I gave her
my promise to her request.she wanted to go but I would not let her for i
was kissing her whole body, her breast,thigh,navel and wet pussy.

She said she nd the other sisters knew I was peeping tom and they
intentionally planed and used my eldest sister to arrange this sex orgy.
Wow that was it all four sister got into the act with me.One night they
all four went into the bath all naked and invited me too. me and four
sexy sisters were having a ball of a time.That night I was on top of the
world, we had sex and sex for four days non stop. No one ever notice
that my sisters were having regular sex with me.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *5336* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=2604>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=2604>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=2604>

