Don’t Forget Your Toothbrush

Chapter 1 – The Big Problem

The tears were slowly welling in Katie’s eyes as she checked the bank 
statement for the umpteenth time the answer was always the same they were 
broke. The cheque for the rent would bounce and there was no way she could pay 
her tuition fees she was sunk no being a high price lawyer the best she could 
hope for now was a secretarial position. So there it was next week homeless 
next month looking for a dead end job. It was all Jess’ fault oh why had she 
let her talk her into going on that ‘free’ holiday which had been one disaster 
after another culminating in the two of them having to use their savings just 
to get home. 
At that moment Jessica, or Jess as she preferred to be called, bounced through 
the door as usual radiating youthful glee. Although the two girls had 
practically grown up together they could be more different whilst Katie was 
the shy bookish type hiding her looks behind frumpy clothes and severe 
glasses, her blond hair tied back, Jessica on the other hand was a bubbling 
mass of sexuality from her long curly black hair down to her painted toe-nails 
though the bits in between got most of the looks partly because so much of it 
was normally on display. 
Finally managing to get Jess to shut up Katie gave her the bad news, for a 
moment this dampened even Jess’ irrepressible good humour although she had no 
high flying ambitions she was having too much fun to get kicked out now. Then 
Jess remembered her uncle showing her the promo of this new cable TV show that 
his company was involved with it was based on some European show called ‘Don’t 
Forget your Toothbrush’. As she told Katie they got members of the audience to 
do goofy things to win prizes, she however carefully left out that a lot of 
these things involved losing clothing, anyway as she explained even if they 
didn’t win anything they are supposed to throw one hell of a party. Katie took 
some persuading but then decided what the hell might as well go out with a 
bang, a phone call to Jess’ uncle & it was all set the show was being shot on 
Friday night and the tickets would be at the door.
They had been told to arrive at the studio around 8pm which seemed a bit late 
to Katie for a live show but Jess had said it was cable and they did do funny 
things. When they got inside they were handed a cocktail in exchange for their 
tickets and lead into a very plush looking bar. No sooner had they finished 
their drinks than a pretty girl in a bikini waltzed over with a tray of very 
exotic looking drinks and pressed one on them. After a couple of drinks Katie 
was feeling distinctly fuzzy around the edges and tried to turn down the next 
round but Jess was in a party mood and what the hell this was supposed to be a 
wake for her legal career. 
After a few more drinks Jess pushed a form in Katie’s hand and told her to 
sign. Katie’s legal mind immediately sprung through the waves of alcohol and 
she asked suspiciously what it was. Apparently Jess gushed the big competition 
was a quiz between two couples and you got US$500 just for entering but the 
prize was US$5,000. Wow that’s great exclaimed Katie but what’s the catch, 
well Jess admitted she had seen the game in her uncle’s tape and it did 
involve stripping but as Jess quickly added that Katie would answer the 
questions she would strip. They only went as far as topless and she would give 
a quick flash of tit for US$5,000. Katie was shocked but this did offer a way 
out even if they didn’t win it could buy them some time not that she would 
consider stripping but Jess was well Jess so before she could change her mind 
she signed the form & handed it back. 
Shortly after that they were escorted into the studio and the show began Jess 
had told her that they would announce which couples had been drawn for the 
competition during the break. Katie wasn’t really paying much attention to the 
show, she thought it looked pretty inane anyway all she was feeling growing 
apprehension about what she had agreed to. True all she would have to do is 
answer some questions but being in front of all those people and with half 
naked girls it would all be too much. 
Finally the break came and the first announcer called out, “For the big match 
the first couple is Ted and Maylene”, Katie breathed a sigh of relief one 
down, “and the second Jess & Katie”, at first Katie thought there must be some 
mistake but as Jess dragged her out of her seat she realised this was it they 
had been picked. As they went backstage Katie got her first real look at the 
other couple. Katie summed Maylene up at a glance with her bleached hair, 
leather mini and high heels definitely trailer trash I bet she’s looking 
forward to flashing those big floppy tits at the boys she thought.
Katie then realised Jess and the producer seemed to be arguing about 
something, “The point is miss”, he was explaining, “this is a game for couples 
and you two don’t qualify”. Great thought Katie I’m off the hook, at this 
point the shows host Jennifer Donald walked over to see what the fuss was 
about. The producer explained the problem but Jennifer just grabbed the entry 
form from him. “It doesn’t say anything here about male & female”, she turned 
and gave the two girls a long and to Katie’s mind a far too appraising look, 
god she’s practically undressing us she thought. “Which one of you is Katie”, 
she asked, “I am and I will be answering the questions”, Katie hastily 
replied. Jennifer gave a slow smile this was perfect, Jennifer liked girls and 
the thought of getting this prim little miss naked and embarrassed was making 
her distinctly wet. 
Jennifer took the producer aside and after a few quiet words came back and 
announced they were in. “Great”, Jess shouted, great thought Katie 
sarcastically. Jennifer then took both couples and explained the rules. One of 
each couple, the man, would stand by a podium, Jennifer would stand between 
them and ask a question the first one to press the button got to answer it if 
they got it right they got a point and their partner would take off an item of 
clothing, get it wrong and the other couple got the point but that woman had 
to strip. She further explained that after taking something off they had to 
put it into their basket, Katie looked around for the baskets but was told 
they would put them out in a moment. Katie tried to ask how many points they 
needed to win but Jennifer rushed them off stage telling them the show was 
about to restart.
Jennifer’s assistant, Carrie, met them backstage and offered them all a drink 
to steady their nerves before the game Ted and Maylene each grabbed a cocktail 
but by now even Jess was getting a bit nervous so they only had water. However 
Jennifer had anticipated this and the water had been doctored a little to help 
loosen them up, Carrie could barely stifle a giggle as Katie downed her water 
and grabbed another.




Chapter 2 – The Game

Finally the time came and they were led out, Ted stood behind the podium but 
as Katie went to do likewise Jennifer abruptly pulled her in front and 
whispered, “They assumed Jess was the man so she’ll be answering the 
questions”. The look on Katie’s face was classic here she was in front of all 
these people and the cameras & they expected her to strip, she felt like 
running off the stage but she was like a deer in the headlights frozen on the 
spot. “Look” hissed Jess “we need the money all right anyway you know I’ve 
never won a quiz in my life, just hold out & we will be 500 bucks richer”. 
Katie could only nod numbly at least that was right they had no hope of 
winning with Jess answering maybe she’d lose a shoe or her jacket but that 
would be it. Feeling suddenly very dry mouthed Katie took another sip of 
water. 
Katie now sized up her opposition Maylene was dressed in a bolero jacket with 
a white blouse beneath that clearly showed her black bra, a leather mini 
skirt, stockings or tights and very high heels. Katie on the other hand was 
much more conservatively dressed in a black jacket and knee length skirt 
combination, a white blouse but definitely not see-through and flat court 
shoes. Thankfully Katie remembered that underneath she had on opaque tights 
plus a very sensible white bra and panties, not that she going to get that far 
she thought.
For first question to much Katie’s surprise she heard Jess slam the buzzer, 
damn they had asked about pop music and probably for the first time ever in a 
quiz Jess had actually got one right. Jess was celebrating this too much to 
notice Katie’s filthy stare as she slowly took off her jacket. Katie than 
looked around for the baskets they were in the corners right at the front of 
the stage as Katie turned towards the closer basket Jennifer redirected her to 
the one far one, great they think of everything Katie thought.
Things started to improve after that as Ted started to get them right and 
Maylene in quick succession removed first her jacket but then to Katie’s 
surprise her blouse and mini skirt leaving on her high heels, since she had on 
stockings and a thong with a gauze front Katie could already see not only that 
she was not a natural blonde but that she favoured a Brazilian wax.
Jennifer meanwhile was chivvying Jess on about how she must really be a blonde 
and dyed her hair and didn’t she want the money. This seemed to have the 
desired effect as Jess suddenly was on fire, the next question off came 
Katie’s shoes and then she got the next one right too. Katie again went numb 
what to do now, thinking quickly she reached under her skirt and carefully 
wriggled out of her tights, as she walked barefoot across to the basket she 
decided that this was as far as she would go.
What Katie had failed to notice, though the producer certainly had, was that 
Jennifer had subtly changed the tone of the questions asking about fashion and 
music. Seeing the panic on Katie’s face she decided to go back to the script 
for a couple of rounds and at last off came Maylene’s shoes and stockings. 
Katie was thinking to herself she could see why Maylene had kept her heels on 
without them the cellulite that was starting to form at the top of her thighs 
was pretty obvious when she realised that Ted had fluffed the last question. 
Katie was telling Jess & Jennifer that that was it they quit they would just 
take the 500 when Jennifer informed her that no in order to win anything they 
had to finish the game and anyway wasn’t she wearing underwear that was 
probably showed less than she showed on the beach. Well for Katie this wasn’t 
quite true her costumes were definitely not very revealing but under a 
combination of Jennifer’s persuasion, Jess’ pleading and a couple more sips of 
water she agreed to take her skirt off, her blouse was pretty long so it would 
just be like a mini she told herself not that she had ever worn one. With 
shaking hands Katie slowed lowered the zip and after a deep breath undid the 
button and let the skirt slip down. Katie was so preoccupied pulling down her 
blouse that she totally missed the mobile camera that gave a perfect view of 
her panty clad arse as she bent to pick up her skirt. The walk to and from the 
basket seemed to take forever particularly since she could only take tiny 
mincing steps in case her shirt tails flicked up and all the way all she could 
think is why am I doing this!
Jennifer was almost purring as she took in Katie’s red faced embarrassment, 
now let’s see how red I can get the rest of her she thought. She started by 
picking on Jess again making jokes to the audience about how she could only 
win by default and daring her to get a question right Jess took the bait and 
jumped right in on the next question about a teen band that Jennifer was sure 
Ted wouldn’t know the answer to. Katie stood rooted in shock and barely moved 
as Jennifer got Jess to take off her blouse. The walk to the basket was a 
dream here she was on TV dressed only in her underwear however as she walked 
back the cheers and hollers she got from the crowd started to stir her. Here 
she was showing much less than that floozy across from her but she was sure 
she was getting more cheers. This made her feel better but didn’t stop her 
trying to hide behind Jess and the podium but Jennifer would have none of it 
pulling her back out in front.
Now this is the deciding question Katie thought Jess had told her that they 
only played to topless so this was the last question. After what seemed like 
an eternity it came Ted swooped on the buzzer, that was it all over thought 
Katie then she heard Jennifer announce I am sorry that is wrong! What happens 
now Katie thought, Jess was whispering in her ear “Come on for US$5,000 do it 
you can cover up with your arm”. While she was speaking Jess was skilfully 
unhooking Katie’s bra and before Katie knew what was happening she felt the 
straps falling down her arms. Fighting for her bra Katie realised she was 
actually flashing her boobs so she making a quick decision she let go and 
desperately covered up with her hands. After a quick push from Jess she ran 
over to the basket dropped her bra in and ran back behind the podium. She had 
done it the US$5,000 was theirs but then Katie was confused then to notice 
Jennifer pull out another question. “I thought we won”, Katie & Jess demanded, 
“Oh no”, Jennifer replied like a cat watching a mouse, “This is an adult show 
we play to the finish!”
Both Katie and Jess stared at her in shock, “Next question”, Jennifer 
announced. Neither Jess nor Katie could ever remember what made them carry on 
at that point but they didn’t know about the drug Jennifer had fed them which 
made them more susceptible to obeying commands and Jennifer was definitely 
being commanding. Ted got the next question right, not that Jess even tried to 
answer, Maylene seemed very willing to take her bra off waving it over head as 
she walked to the basket her large breasts swaying. 
As they waited for the last question Katie had an idea, “Look Jess press the 
buzzer as fast as you can but get the answer wrong, we can’t afford Ted 
getting it wrong”. Jess quickly agreed and before the question was even 
finished she answered B. Jennifer turned and smiled at her the correct answer 
was actually C but since she hadn’t had time to give the answers that hardly 
mattered, “Correct”, she said as she turned to Katie and in her most 
commanding voice whispered, “Now stop being a silly girl and take your panties 
off!” Katie blushed an even deeper shade of red but as if it was impossible to 
do otherwise she started to follow Jennifer’s order. Keeping her right arm 
firmly across her breasts she reached down with her left hand and slowly 
slipped them into the top of her panties. Trying to keep the podium between 
her and the audience she slowly crouched down pulling waistband down first 
over her hips and then down to her thighs, again what Katie missed was the 
large screen showing the reverse angle as her bare buttocks slowly appeared. 
Finally squeezing her thighs together she slipped her panties over her knees. 
Rising slowly now her left hand covering her bush she let them slide down and 
she kicked them off. Standing there in the classic ENF position, with just a 
few stray blonde hairs poking out, Katie thought her ordeal was over until 
Jennifer’s dominating voice sounded again, “Now pick them up and drop them in 
the basket”. This was too much but she had to obey so she crouched down again 
giving the camera a wonderful view of her tight arse and a glimpse of her 
slit, she picked up the panties and proceeded to waddle, knees clenched 
together over to the basket. Knowing that everyone could now see her butt 
Katie turned and ran back to the cover of the podium.



Chapter 3 - The After Party

Jennifer watched the relief on the girls face as she cowered behind the podium 
and thought enjoy it while you can. First she went over to congratulate the 
gallant losers and hand Maylene their US$500 consolation prize. Maylene, of 
course, played the part waving the money over her head and jumping up and down 
her big tits bouncing, much to the enjoyment of the crowd and the secret 
disgust of Jennifer, she liked girls more demure more embarrassed more like, 
well Katie.
“Now it’s time to present the big prize”, Jennifer announced walking over to 
Katie she grabbing her arm and raised it in victory. At the same time of 
course she first exposed Katie’s boobs and as she pulled her up Katie had to 
grab the podium to maintain her balance showing the rest of her charms. Katie 
quickly covered her crotch with her free hand but could do no more as Jennifer 
dragged her to the centre of the stage arm aloft.
Carrie came out carrying an oversize check for US$5,000. Katie grabbed it 
eagerly as she turned it sideways to hide behind it but Jennifer pulled Jess 
over and quickly flipped up the bottom of the cheque for Jess to hold too at 
the same time of course ‘accidentally’ exposing Katie’s bush once more. Katie 
didn’t at first even realise how exposed she now was she had another thing to 
worry about she needed cash now and what was she to do with this cheque! 
Turning to Jennifer she asked, “Please we need money urgently can’t you help, 
please?” Jennifer looked at the desperation in the girls eyes, this was too 
good to be true, “Well for this amount of money normally we send a bank cheque 
it should only take a couple of weeks or so”, Jennifer replied. Tears started 
to well in Katie’s eyes she had been through all this for nothing, the money 
would be too late to save her. “But maybe I can pull a few strings, as long as 
you are good little girls”. Katie quickly promised they would do anything, 
“OK”, Jennifer replied “Just go back to your seats and I’ll see what I can 
after the show”. 
Overcome with gratitude Katie just let herself be led off the stage by Carrie 
clutching the cheque for protection. Then to her horror she realised she was 
being led to the front of the stage while her basket of clothes was being 
taken off the back. “Um, excuse me my clothes”, she stammered, “You’ll get 
them later”, Carrie promised, “Just be a good little girl like Jennifer said”, 
“Anyway Maylene doesn’t seem to have a problem”, looking up Katie could see 
Maylene was having a wail of a time rubbing against the men as she went back 
to her seat in just her thong.
Jess looked almost as shocked as Katie but at least she was fully clothed and 
she wasn’t having to put up with all the groping hands on her naked bum as 
they squeezed back down the row to their seats. The rest of the show was a 
blur as all Katie could think about was the end and at last getting her 
clothes back.
Finally the show ended but no one in Katie’s row seemed too anxious to leave 
so Katie was forced to run the gauntlet once again. Carrie was waiting for the 
girls at the exit and instead of leading them backstage to Katie’s horror took 
them back to the bar where a party was already in full swing. “Just wait here 
have a drink, Jennifer will be right along with your money”, Katie immediately 
squashed herself into a corner the cheque held defensively in front of her 
with Jess trying to block her side. They spotted Maylene of course prancing 
around her husband seeming to enjoy all the attention she was getting. Katie 
remembered her disdain at her skimpy little panties but how she wished she 
envied her for them now.
Katie had no idea how long them stood there or how many drinks she had to turn 
down or how many times some playful drunk tried to grab her cheque, what 
really shocked Katie were the number of girls that tried to expose her. 
Eventually Jennifer arrived with Carrie carrying a sheaf of papers and a large 
envelope which she opened to show five wads of crisp new US$100 dollar bills. 
The two girls stared at the stash more money than they had ever seen in one 
place in their lives, Carrie then quickly closed the envelope and handed 
Jennifer the papers.
“Look girls I had to pull a lot of strings to get the cash but to get it I had 
to agree that you both would sign this contract”, Jennifer explained, “A 
contract for what”, Katie demanded, “Well it’s basically that you will appear 
on the show again, you girls were so popular that we want another game though 
this time Katie you will answer the questions”, Jess looked very dubious at 
this, “Look if you win again it will be another 5 grand what do you say?”. 
Jess started to stammer that she didn’t think it was such a good idea but 
Katie jumped in “It was your fault this happened in the first place you’re not 
backing out now”, and she grabbed the paper signing with a flourish almost 
losing her cheque in the process. Reluctantly Jess followed suit and Jennifer 
quickly grabbed the contract and handed it to Carrie, “Just put this through 
legal”. As Carrie turned to leave Katie exclaimed “What about the money”, 
“Security will look after that till you leave, we can’t have you losing it”, 
Jennifer replied, “Oh yes one more thing, Carrie be a darling and take this as 
well”, Jennifer said ripping the cheque from Katie’s hands, “You can’t have 
the cheque and the cash now can you?”
“Please can I have my clothes now”, Katie begged, “later” Jennifer replied 
“enjoy the party you did promise to be good, or shall I rip up our agreement?” 
The two girls shook their heads dumbly and Katie resumed her position in the 
corner though this time all she had cover herself with was her hands. Jess did 
offer Katie her jacket but Jennifer gently wagged her finger no and anyway the 
jacket was so short and even do up in the front so it wouldn’t have been much 
help Katie thought.
Just when Katie didn’t think things could get any worse Ted, who was obviously 
the worse for wear, suggest that the Maylene & Katie act as waitresses. 
Jennifer thought this was a great idea and she pulled Katie out of her corner 
and offered her a tray of drinks, “Remember the money”, she whispered in her 
ear. Miserably Katie took the tray giving up her last shed of dignity as she 
took the tray in both hands. Maylene meanwhile not to be out done had stripped 
off her panties and was already circulating. This however didn’t make Katie 
feel any better as she trudged around the party trying to block out the crude 
comments and odd grope. She was bending over offering a drink when she felt a 
finger brush up into her slit. Jumping she spilled the tray over the couple 
sitting in front of her whirling round she was confronted by Jennifer smirking 
and holding up a damp finger, “Enjoying yourself darling”. This was too much 
Katie’s own body was betraying her how could she be getting turned on by this 
humiliation, Katie’s cheeks burnt an even deeper red. She tried to walk away 
but Jennifer held her back, “I think you should clean up here first and 
apologise to these people”. “Mumbling sorry”, Katie grabbed a cloth and got 
down on her knees to mop up. Jennifer even made her crawl over and wipe down 
the couple both of which took full advantage of her position by feeling all 
her private parts. 
After what seemed an age the party finally started breaking up and Carrie led 
Katie and Maylene to a dressing room where Jennifer waited with their clothes. 
Maylene didn’t even bother to dress scooping up her clothes saying “Ted loves 
it when I drive home bareback he gets so horny!” After Maylene had left 
Jennifer turned to Katie “Do you want to go home bareback?” “Certainly not”, 
Katie replied grabbing her clothes and starting to struggle into them. For 
some reason dressing in front of the Jennifer’s gaze felt almost as bad as 
when she had stripped on stage. When she had finished dressing Jennifer handed 
her the envelope giving her a quick peck on the cheek and said, “see you next 
week”. Katie rushed out the studio dragging Jess after her, “I just need to 
get out of here”, she screamed. 
When she got home Katie rushed upstairs and gratefully stripped in the privacy 
of her own bathroom and jumped into the shower trying to scrub off the taint 
of the day. Will I really go back to that dreadful studio, Katie mused. We did 
sign a contract but could they hold us to it, damn I forgot to read it but it 
must be a standard one no big surprises. But on the other hand it would be 
Jess stripping and that would serve her right.
Across town Jennifer and Carrie were snuggled up on the couch sharing a bottle 
of wine. “I can’t believe they fell for it, they didn’t even bother to read it 
how dumb can you get!” “It’s all to do with pushing the right buttons”, 
Jennifer purred. “Now as some added insurance get that PI friend of yours to 
do some snooping I want to know all about them.” “There must be some levers we 
can find as a little insurance if they try and back out”. “Now be a darling 
and put on the tape of those stupid interns we forced to make out to keep 
their jobs they went so delightfully pink when they 69’d.” “God I love this 
job!”




Chapter 4 – Shopping

With the US$5,000 dollars the girls had enough to pay their rent and their 
tuition fees. There was even some money over and it was Katie for a change 
that was keen to spend some of it. She had not forgiven Jess for what she had 
got them into and she felt a bit of payback was in order. Jess kept pleading 
with Katie to let her off playing the game but all Jess would answer is she 
might, if Jess was a good little girl. The feeling of power was really getting 
to Katie so she decided to drag Jess down to the mall to buy her a special 
outfit for the show. 
Not used to this dominant side of her friend she allowed herself to be herded 
into Victoria’s Secret and stood there obediently while Katie picked out some 
sexy underwear. Katie was having a field day picking out lacy little g strings 
and skimpy bras when showed them to Jess even she was appalled. “I can’t wear 
those”, nonsense they will look great on you go and try them on”, Jess then 
started to protest that she was sure they would fit but Katie just dragged her 
into the nearest cubicle. 
Katie had picked the cubicle with care since it was the only one that could be 
seen from outside the shop. Jess had no sooner closed the curtain and started 
taking off her shoes when Katie opened it again and poked her head in 
“Everything OK”, she asked sweetly. “Fine just close the damn curtain”, Jess 
snapped. “Now that’s not a very nice tone”, Katie chided her “I think you need 
to be taught a little lesson”. Katie took her head out but only partially 
closed the curtain leaving about an inch gap. As Jess reached out to close it 
Katie stopped her “naughty, naughty that’s another punishment” she said 
opening the curtain another inch. Not wanting to aggravate her obviously crazy 
friend Jess quickly stripped off and put on the underwear. 
They looked even worse on than off, through the sheer bra you could clearly 
see her nipples and as for the panties not only could you see her bush but 
some pubic hairs were even poking through. After making Jess do a quick twirl 
Katie decided enough was enough but as she went to close the curtain a hand 
grabbed it. Turning Katie saw the smug face of Jennifer. “Nice little outfit 
but you can’t really see it in that light come out her darling”. “She will do 
no such thing”, Katie retorted, “and as a matter of fact we have decided we 
don’t want to appear on your disgusting show again!” “Well that’s too bad”, 
Jennifer replied, “but if you’ll give me back the US$5,000 we can call it 
quits”, “what are you talking about we won that money”, Katie retorted, “You 
really should have read that contract and you studying law too”. For the 
moment Katie was too taken aback to even wonder how Jennifer knew that let 
alone how she had turned up at the shop. “See here clause 14, if you don’t 
fulfil your contract the advance we gave you must be re-paid in full 
immediately”. Katie grabbed the copy of the contract and read feverishly, she 
was right. Katie started to wail “but we spent most of it we can’t pay you 
back”. “Well I guess you’ll have to do the show then”, Jennifer replied, “Now 
Jess come out here and let me see you properly”. 
Hesitantly Jess edged out of the cubicle all too aware of the shop window. 
After making her do a slow turn Jennifer considered for a while and decided 
“No not quite right”, “OK strip them off while I find another set”. Jess 
retreated back into the cubicle but as she tried to close the curtain Jennifer 
stopped her, “No time for false modesty get them off”, Jess slowly stripped 
off the underwear and handed it to Jennifer who left her standing there trying 
to cover up. While she was standing there a group of schoolgirls entered the 
shop and started giggling and pointing at the nude girl. 
Jennifer then returned with a salesgirl, “I brought someone to help pick 
something out now stand up straight arms to your sides so we can have a proper 
look at your figure”. Jess woodenly obeyed and allowed herself to be pinched 
and prodded and turned this way and that as the ‘fitting’ went on. To make 
matters worse Jess was sure she heard the clicks of camera phones as the 
schoolgirls photographed her performance. It was also just as well she didn’t 
know one of the girls had SMSed her friends and quite a crowd of schoolgirls 
and boys were now lined up at the shop window.
After several outfits Jennifer and the salesgirl decided they had found the 
right one but Jennifer decided to throw it open to the audience, “Well she 
looks fine but want about her friend?” “Quite right”, Jennifer agreed, “Lets 
see your undies Katie”, “but I will be asking the questions”, Katie protested, 
“No excuse not to look your best on TV, now off with them”. Reluctantly Katie 
Stripped down to her very old fashioned bra and panties set, which had the 
girls in hoots of laughter. Grinning Jennifer concurred “yes those are awful 
give them here”, holding out her hand, grudgingly Katie stripped off her 
undies and handed them to her. 
Jennifer and the sales assistant then went through the same examination 
procedure as they had with Jess but if anything they were even more probing as 
Katie felt stray fingers slipping in and out of here. They then decided to 
match up Jess and Katie’s outfits till finally everyone agreed they had the 
perfect combination. Both girls were dressed in lacy see through bras and g 
strings with garters and stockings, to add a bit of contrast the dark haired 
Jess was in a white outfit while Katie’s was black. Jennifer finally told them 
to take off the outfits and get dressed, but not before she scooped up Jess’ 
regular underwear and put them in her bag with Katie’s.
The two girls quickly dressed and collecting their parcels followed Jennifer 
out of the shop acutely aware of their lack of panties, particularly since a 
group of schoolgirls followed them flipping up their skirts at every 
opportunity. Katie eventually asked Jennifer, “Sorry did you pay for the 
underwear?” “No didn’t you?” Jennifer replied, “well you are in a pickle 
shoplifting and I am sure I saw a security camera.” The two girls looked 
around in panic for mall security, “Shouldn’t we go and pay”, Katie suggested, 
“Too late now”, Jennifer replied, “but I’ll have a word with the sales girl 
maybe we can work something out”. Jennifer had already arranged to pay for the 
outfits with the girl but now she had another thing over the girls.
The next stop was a shoes shop to buy some high heels, both girls were once 
again acutely aware of their lack of panties as Jennifer insisted that a 
salesman helped them on and off with their shoes and kept pulling up one of 
their legs up to get a better look at the shoes while actually giving a fine 
show of their pussies reflected in the ground level mirrors. 
Leaving the shop after the girls had carefully made sure that they paid the 
exorbitant price for the shoes Jennifer led them to a dress shop where the 
nude modelling show was repeated until finally the girls were kitted out sheer 
blouses and micro mini skirts that not only just covered their bums but were 
of a filmy material that kept blowing up at the slightest wind which they were 
forced to wear out of the shop. “Don’t worry”, Jennifer assured them, “these 
outfits aren’t for the show, far too tarty but I think they will make this 
afternoon fun.” 
Fun was a relative word as Jennifer lead them around the mall loading them up 
with parcels so they couldn’t hold down their skirts. The route they always 
seemed to involve going up and down escalators, looking in shop windows near 
entrances so as the doors opened their skirts billowed upwards. Finally tiring 
of the game Jennifer led them out into the car park across to her car. Having 
loaded up Jennifer’s parcels Katie quietly asked, “Can we have a lift home 
please”, “Nonsense young girls like you need some good exercise, see you on 
Friday”, with that she whisked off once again lifting up the girls skirts.
The trip home was a nightmare when they walked the wind seemed determined to 
expose them, when they caught a bus sitting down caused their skirts to ride 
up exposing their pussies and when they stood up the wind through the open 
roof panels caused their skirts to billow up. Finally home the two girls 
dropped exhausted onto the couch trying to forget the expressions of people 
they had passed which had varied from disgusted to open leering. Katie then 
looked at the bills and realised how much money they had actually spent nearly 
US$1,000 and that was without paying for the underwear which they had 
apparently stolen, well so much for their nest egg. 
Jess’ mind was on other things they had to through with it now and she was 
going to have to strip on TV. Seeing her friends distress Katie reassured her 
don’t worry I’ll make sure we don’t win and the two friends started hatching 
their plan for the next show.


