Sister is interesting

By: Ravi Kiran


This is a story of my lovely sister Sushma. She is very sexy and hot
looking, a 30 yr old woman called Sushma. She just got married a year
back. Before her marriage we used to always be friends and tease each
other. I used to always peek and watch my sister bathe in nude. My
sister have sexy big heavy round sweet ass and nice super soft tits. My
sister's tits were like ripe mangoes, pulpy slightly saggy but juicy
looking. I used to see her in bathroom in different angles fingering,
shitting and taking bath.

After her marriage I felt alone. One day I went to meet my sister during
the vacations. Wow! She was looking hot and sexy like Bipasha basu. But
my sister was fairer. She had love in her eyes as she told me that I
have grown tall as her. She is 5'6. Her husband was not there in the
evening. We had the evening to ourselves. Then she told me some dirty
jokes while I also told her some funny dirty things.

After a tasty dinner prepared by her. It was time to retire to bed. I
was feeling horny and excited. She was looking dazzlingly beautiful and
I wanted to taste her, lick her and fuck her. We began to laugh till she
had tears in her eyes. Sushma told me that she was missing her husband.
I asked her frankly about her sex life. She said that she was quite
satisfied and that her husband had turned her into an whore. I was
turned on by her words.

I acted innocent and said that " I don't know much about women's bodies
and fucking." She laughed and caressed my head tenderly. She told
everything about women, how they reach puberty and about there menstrual
cycles and their sex life.

She smilingly brushed her lovely hair and sat with one leg on another.
When she did this, I could see left side of full ass and thigh towards
me. She said, "Ravi, I know you are trying to peek and look at my ass.
If you like my ass so much why don't you stare at it openly?" I shied
and look down. She lifted my face and looked at my eyes. She said, that
she loved to see men peeping at her. And she started to compare women to
a car.
"A woman has her engine between her legs, her pussy.... It is like a
fuel tank which runs the car. Her fuel tank regularly needs some oiling
which men provide. A woman should always get some nice pumping of sperm
from a man's pipe. Your cock is like a pipe which puts petrol oil in a
woman's fuel tank. This is called fucking."

Her talk was turning me on. I told her, "Can we fuck please?"
She laughed and said, "Go to sleep."
In the night, when she was sleeping, I began to wander my hands on her
full breast through the blouse and caress her nipples. I touched her
thighs through the saree. She opened her eyes and told me, ?You are such
a despo". Her palm touched my dick through the pant, "oh my god, is that
a hammer or a cock?"

Sushma removed the zip of my pant and pulled my underwear to one side.
She saw my big black penis saluting her. "shit? it is so big for your age"

"Sushma you are seeing mine, show me yours"

"Of course darling, she said. She got out of bed and removed her saree,
blouse and petticoat. She was in her blue blouse and sky blue panty.
Some hairs were jutting out from the side. I was having very less pubic
hair because I was so young

Sushma told, "Ravi, come and strip me," I pulled her bra-panty and
stared like a dog at her shapely nude body.

She told me, "Kiss me on my lips and touch me everywhere"

I began to kiss her; my sister began to return the kisses with gusto. My
cock was touching her hairy cunt. I began to press her ass with my
hands. Then she guided me to cup her tits. I began to rub her tits and
nipples; soon I was sucking her nipples. Then she took me to bed and we
did the position 69, she began to suck on my dick. It felt like heaven.
I began to lick on her hairy pussy. She opened her cunt to me and showed
the pink inside part to me. I loved her sexy pissy smell. I began to
feel so fucking hot when she ate my sexy lollipop. She was playing with
my balls and teasing my asshole as she sucked my dick. I began to chew
on her clitoris. She began to moan with my dick in her mouth. I licked
her shithole. I saw it closely, a small cute little brown thing with
wrinkles around it. I loved its smell and the appearance of her most
private thing, her asshole. We were teasing each other assholes. She
removed the cock out of her mouth and said, ?Lick my clit...that thing
which sticks out of my chooth."

I understood what she meant, and began to suck on her clit. She began to
moan and I knew that she was enjoying it a lot; her sucking on my penis
was faster and harder. Soon she began to release salty liquid in my
mouth, her cum. Even I began to shoot my sperm in her mouth.

Both of us climaxed together and in that uncontrolled atmosphere, Sushma
passed wind. Her fart erupted out without sound and went straight in my
nostrils. It was dirty but I loved it because it smelled of her and we
were too much in pleasure to notice that.

After the act was over, the smell was still there. I complained, "sister
the smell is in my nose."

She laughingly said, "You loved my ass a lot, don't you like the smells
and the things which come out of it?"

I replied, "sister it smells beautiful? will you show me how you do your
toilet in the morning?"

She said, ?I will show you everything, we will do together...are you
tired or do you want to do more."

I told her, "sister you licked the way I licked your hole?"

She said, ?you are a smart kid, you require very little guidance and you
are ready."

She began to caress my soft penis and it began to grow hard due to her
strokes. She told me, ?Come fuck me now, put it inside."

She spreads her legs and showed her nude thighs open wide for me. I lied
between her legs. I pushed my cock in but it was not going inside. Anita
smiled, "Arre buddhu... You are hitting every but my cunt, Wait"

She reached down and guided my cock and inserted it in her cunt slowly.
I could see her nostrils flaring and her eyes closed as it caused her
pain when my cock went inside her.
Even I felt pain as I was a virgin and her hole was real tight. She
reached for my back and began to whisper in my ear, ?Just stay inside,
don't move just feel me"

Oh it was heaven; I was inside my gorgeous sister's pussy. We smooched
each other for five minutes while I caressed and played with her boobs.
Then she lifted her thighs and began to wrap it around my back. "Now you
cannot be free. You have to fuck me. Come on push it inside and start
moving."

I began to fuck her slowly and surely. My movements increased with every
stroke. She urged me to go faster and harder. I began to feel the climax
building inside her. My sister started to moan,... Yesss ravi, I am
cummmming Her sexy voice and her touching of my buttocks and back made
me drive faster in her and I began to orgasm. I was shaking and
shivering as I climaxed. Didi opened her eyes and saw me it come, all of
it shaking through my orgasm, ?Its okay, let , don?t hold,"

I cried, "ohhhhh Sushmaaaaaa"

Her hand went down to caress my balls so that I could shoot more. What a
slut she was!
After we came to our senses she took me in her arms and said, "when you
released your petrol, you didn?t call me sister, just Sushma...this is
the respect you have for me,"

I replied, ?you are sister when you are clothed but when you are naked
you are my rand."
She was shocked to hear such a word from my mouth but laughed. "You are
my privileged free customer,"

I kissed her and we slept. In the shower, we smooched, kissed, licked
and sucked. I fucked her in the shower. But did not come in her. I
wanted to fuck her shitty sexy shithole. I kissed her ass madly, opened
her ass and licked her anus like it was the best dish in the world. It
still had the faint smell and it opened up easily because she had just
shitted. She told me to go slow. She looked behind and said, ?I think
you watch a lot of blue films that is why YOU want to fuck my ass."

I replied, "Didi you are right, but your ass is really gorgeous, nice
full ripe and tight." I began to lick her anus like there was no better
thing in the world. She gave the sunsilk shampoo from the open shelf and
gave it to me. I scooped quite a quantity and lathered it in her
asshole. Now her asshole smelled gr8 and the gateway from her ass crack
to her shithole became loose and soft. I pushed my finger in and began
to dig it. I licked her cunt and chewed on her clit while I explored her
anus.

"Oh boy, you are naughty? yeaaahhhhhhhha she moaned. I inserted two
fingers slowly and surely. I knew her husband had never fucked her in
the ass. The hole gradually widened and I stood and bent behind her,
doggie style. She bent down and her shithole opened more. My cock
touched her asshole and she said slowly, ?push slowly" I cupped her
breast. She held on to the railing in the bathroom for support as my
cock went inside her. She moaned huskily as I pushed in and pulled out.
My full cock could not go in but the head and some part of the shaft was
stuck in her asshole. I slowly moved as her asshole opened further. It
was so tight that it was paining more. She also cried but she did not
tell me to take it out. We stood still and then began to move. Slowly
very slowly I began to push and push. A quarter of my penis moved in and
out steadily. She began to sway her ass to my rhythm, my balls touching
her clit. I began to masturbate didi's clit as I began to fuck her in
her ass. She began to shout, "FUCK ME HARD,FUCK UR SISTER ANUS HARD".
I talked dirty, "Oh Sushma, Ur ass is tight and mast ahh." We could not
talk more, we were just moaning incoherently. She pushed her ass behind
and fucked me behind for every forward stroke I gave ahead. The weight
of her was hurting me but it felt so good. Our speed increased and my
finger actions made her climax and I came soon in her ass with violent
spasms. After that I collapsed. Anita was also tired, we finished the
bath and wiped ourselves. She had her hair wrapped in a towel. We came
nude in the living room.

"Sister, my cock is hurting a lot, it is burning"

She removed the towel and began to wipe my head dry. She was smelling so
lovely.
Anita smells good both ways after bath or before bath with all the sweat.
She replied, ?Even my asshole is burning. You tortured it. I should not
have taught you sex at all"

I said, "Sister, I knew everything, just wanted to hear from your
mouth." She laughed and said, ?we didn?t even speak about it, we did and
we have ended with my fucked cunt and ass"

I added, ?and with my fucked cock."

She laughed and said, ?Wait I will just get dettol."

She came back and applied dettol on my fucker. Her hand was so soft and
warm that my cock began to rise again. She winked at me, "your penis is
a shaitan, a devil one touch of my hand and it grows. Don't fuck me now,
it will pain you a lot, we will do in the evening."

She showed her asshole to me and I applied dettol on the sensitive spot.
It looked red. I applied cotton and dettol and cleaned it. Which brother
gets the fortune to apply dettol on her sister's asshole? Then we talked
for sometime. Sister said that it was the first time; she was fucked in
her ass. She wanted to do it again in the evening. She said that I was a
better cock than her husband. If her husband knew about this, he would
fly in anger. I told her I felt pinni who is a widow was hot too. Sushma
replied. ?She is really a hot woman. Once I saw her nude in bathroom
doing fingering." I knew it was difficult to fuck pinni. But I just
wanted to lick her pussy. But I dint tell her. She saw my dick hard and
tight. She looked at it, "Whom were you thinking of pinni or me?"

"BOTH" I said, "will you suck it?"

She refused, "it will pain you dear, and you have just fucked my tight ass."
But I was adamant. "Okay, I will shag you"

She began to masturbate me slowly and surely as I closed my eyes. Just
then the phone next to the bed rung. She picked it up and spoke, it was
her husband. She was nicely talking to me and shagging, pulling and
caressing my cock. I pinched and pulled her nipples lovingly which
caused her to moan in the phone.

"Nothing, I am having a waist pain, she said. She began to look at me
with a glare and then spoke again to her husband, ?yes...okay "

She began to rub me faster and faster. I began to feel the sensation as
she caressed my bulb of the penis and tip and I began to fill her right
palm with semen. When I opened my eyes, she said, ?Bye take care, bye
bye" She kept the receiver and looked at my softening cock and her palm
filled with sperm.

"What is this?"

I said, ?your health tonic"

She began to lick it with her palm, ?Thanks, Now I have work to do in
the kitchen. You go to study. By the way he is coming after a week. I
have you for the entire week now."


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *36212* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=6160>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=6160>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=6160>

