Wet & Ready
by Perry Jones

	CHAPTER EIGHT

	The college scheduled a staff party/buffet for today, Saturday. I'd been told this was the main social activity at the college and that attendance was almost requirement. The note I received from the athletic director didn't order me to attend, but the tone didn't leave much room for doubt. Besides, all the single guys would be there, plus a lot of married ones with a little promiscuity on their minds, according to the secretary I asked. I went to the mall, looking for an outfit that would make me stand out at the party. The dress I found was fantastic. It was a summer sun dress totally backless right down to the crack of my ass. The top was held up with stays. I checked out my figure in a mirror in the dressing room. I looked decent, but when I bent over just so, everything I owned was on display. The side was cut up to the middle of my thigh with a slit that opened each time I moved my leg. As I pulled the dress carefully over my freshly styled hair, I knew that I looked hot. Getting dressed took just that long. I didn't have on anything under the dress.

	I felt hot, too. I trimmed my pussy hair close with beard clippers and shaved my legs. There was a line of musky perfume across my upper thighs, running to circle my belly button. I dipped into the bottle again, continuing up between my naked breasts and finishing on both sides of my neck.

	Yeah. I looked good enough to eat. Literally, I hope.

	I looked around after arriving at the party and stood alone, sipping a glass of white wine. The lounge was already full. A college might not pay well, but they threw one hell of a party. Free food and cheap drinks twice a month was one of the perks of the job.

	This was my first party. I got lots of catty looks from the women and more admiring glances from guys. After a few drinks, several of them started hitting on me. There were these two men in particular that were really interesting. I was trying to figure a way of inviting both of them back to my little room at the same time.

	Then a familiar, smiling face came toward me. It was Doug Martin. He looked really nice out of his work clothes. Tonight, he was in a nice pin-striped suit cut to flatter his body. The bald spot on his head that's usually so obvious when he's in the pool wasn't nearly as noticeable with his hair combed.

	I smiled, happy to see this older man and I realized again that I really liked Doug now that I knew him better. We'd just started talking when a man walked directly up to us. It was Dr. Benson, the athletic director. I didn't know him, but I recognized him from the picture someone had hung in my office.

	"I'll check with the board in the morning, Coach," the new man said, not even noticing me in his rush. "I did reach one member, the President. She said that if we can't match that offer, the college will give you a release from your contract. We'll let you go, but reluctantly."

	Coach Martin looked sheepishly over to me then thanked the athletic director. After he hurried off, I turned back to Doug.

	"What's going on, Coach?" I asked.

	"I wanted to talk to you," he started. "I'm sorry you heard it like that."

	"You don't need to check with me before making decisions," I laughed. "I'm just the team's nurse."

	"No!" he said very sharply. "You're much more than that to me, Jessica. Much more."

	We started to talk, but the noise was too loud. I could tell that he didn't want to yell, so I suggested that we take a walk. We went outside. I could tell that he was nervous so I reached for his hand. We walked like two kids on a date, angling along on the sidewalk that led to the swimming and diving complex.

	Our head coach had made a name for himself over the past four years. He'd been offered the job as head swimming and diving coach, plus assistant athletic director, with a major college. He was flying out in the morning to take a look at the facilities and to have a personal talk with his new boss. He wouldn't be rich, but he'd make a lot of money.

	Then Doug told me that there was one thing holding him back me. I was shocked and flattered. He started telling me how much he liked me and that he didn't want to leave after finally meeting me.

	We stopped walking. Coach reached for me. I melted into his arms, feeling his strong embrace as our mouths met. His tongue was soft and enticing as it entered my mouth then eager as I caught it and sucked gently over the slippery flesh.

	The kiss broke. I looked around to see if we were being watched. I saw several people in the area. Then I noticed that we had stopped right in front of the water sports building.

	I giggled at Doug. He took out a key ring, swinging them as he grinned back at me.

	"Why, Coach Martin," I said. "I do believe that you're trying to take advantage of me. You plan to whisk me away and have your manly way with me where no one will hear my screams."

	"Exactly that, madam," he answered.

	We went inside. The entire building was black. Doug started to put on the lights and I made him stop when I saw the pool lights come on. It was so romantic with only the underwater lights on in a totally black sky. It was as if we were in our own private water world with some warm, tropical lagoon at our disposal.

	With Doug watching my every more, I stepped to the side of the pool. I kicked off my shoes. With my dress tied around my neck, I opened the top, holding it in place around my breasts for a few seconds to tease him then I dropped the material away.

	"God, you're so beautiful, Jessica," Coach Martin said.

	"There's more," I whispered.

	I stepped out of the dress, standing naked in the dim pool light. Coach Martin reached for me, but I twisted and escaped.

	"Catch me!" I yelled, jumping into the pool.

	I swam away in the softly lit water, my feet touching as I passed the middle of the pool. This pool was dark from the inside. I paddled as quietly as I could over to the edge of the pool, bouncing on my tiptoes to keep my mouth and nose above the water line.

	He was fast for a man of 42. Even now, he could out-swim half the kids on the swimming team in the shorter dashes when he wanted to. In his younger days, he must have been something. He came at me like a shark, with powerful strokes that I felt even before I saw him.

	He took me like an animal, too, bobbing up out of the dark water and holding me with his strong arms in a way that allowed no chance of escape. My naked wet breasts crushed into his chest. Doug's bare prick prodded into my belly. His tongue pushed into my mouth and his hand dug into my quivering ass.

	We were too excited to play or hold back. I felt his need, his urgency. He wanted me and he wanted me now. My legs wrapped around his waist. I hooked my hands into the overflow lip at poolside, hanging on to stay upright as Doug drove his enlarged cock into my pussy.

	There was just one shove, no guiding the swollen prick in and out gently to get me ready. Neither of us needed those niceties. He just reached back and drove that stiff boner home, instantly filling me with the hot hardness of his luscious cock meat.

	"Ooooh, yes!" I screamed, my voice echoing in the huge, empty building. "Fuck me. Oooooh, fuck me, darling!"

	Doug locked around my floating body, gripping my breasts tightly as I arched my back instinctively, presenting my hot pussy for his throbbing prick. As that lovely hardness ripped through my tender tissues, I again locked my legs behind his driving ass.

	"Yes," I groaned. "Hard and fast. Fuck me, Doug. Really fuck me, baby. I wanna cum. Oooooh, yes! I wanna cum now!"

	The wet splashing of the water around our naked bodies in the dark building was so exciting. I wiggled, trying to enhance our water fuck, but there wasn't much I could do other than hang on and keep my head from banging against the side of the pool.

	There was nothing I could do on the outside, that is. On the inside, I was working every muscle I could control to make my hot cunt tight and slippery over that wildly fucking prick. My cunt grabbed at his hard-on with warm, wet squeezes of my own.

	I felt my cunt walls expanding, stretching as they molded to fit Doug's invading cock. He was moving slowly because of the water, jabbing his lovely hard-on deep into my oozing cunt. Then he held it there, buried to the hilt in my fur-ringed trap for several glorious seconds, before he yanked his jerking prick back out for another body-shuddering thrust.

	He was fully in control of me, his full-length, pounding strokes causing sizzling sensations that started in my creaming cunt and surged through my floating body. He picked up the pace, hammering in and out of my juicy wetness, bringing me up higher and higher with a head-spinning dizzying speed. I was defenseless. I felt my pussy clenching and clamping around Doug's wonderful hard cock.

	"Ooooh, baby," I groaned as the gut-wrenching orgasm hit. "I'm cumming, Doug. Oooh, you're making me cum, Coach!"

	I rolled up as the awesome climax took over, curling into his arms. We were in the water up to our bellies. My aching nipples were tight against his chest as we kissed again. That gorgeous throbbing cock was still deep within my belly, still thrilling me as I started to put a little action into my half of this amazing fuck.

	Doug took a few steps back as we kissed, I guess, because the water was now up to my shoulders. It splashed as my tits heaved up and down. He held me upright, the water taking most of my weight. He was able to pick me up, actually raising and lowering my entire naked body using only hands under my clenching ass.

	"This is wild," I whispered, the first climax washing away all the tension I'd been feeling. "God, I love the way you fuck, Coach."

	"Not bad for an old, balding man?" he joked.

	"I told you to stop that, you old shit," I said, kissing Doug fully on his lips. "I really like you, Doug. Age doesn't bother me."

	"I wish I could have had you when we were both young," he said, nuzzling between my titties as he spoke. "We might have made quite a team, Jessica."

	"I wouldn't have been able to keep up with you, baby," I said, pushing back with my arms loosely locked around his neck.

	My breathing was under control. It was time to get back to some serious fucking, I thought. Back to working my inner charms around Doug's beautifully shaped, rock-hard cock.

	With my arms draped over his strong shoulders, I let Doug set the pace for now. I locked my fingers behind his neck, arching my back to push my tits up into his face. Doug kept pumping, sliding up into me as he raised and lowered my hot pussy like it was a sex-toy doll. This toy was alive, though. Alive and very happy to fuck back with each thrust.

	"Mmm," I purred, as he lowered me fully around his jerking prick. "Nice, baby. I want to do something for you. Hold still for just a second. Let me work my pussy for you."

	My legs were tensed, gripping around his upper thighs. His hands were just touching my ass now and I clenched, milking down tightly with fuck muscles. The same lack of weight that had bothered me earlier when Doug fucked me against the side of the pool was now working to my advantage.

	I slowly moved, wanting this to be special and the big, empty building was suddenly very silent. I looked deeply into his eyes. All I could hear was a soft pump working and water gently running into the pool. That and the sound of my heart pounding in my ears as my excitement built.

	"Feel me?" I whispered.

	"God, yes!" he hissed.

	"Feel my pussy?" I moaned ever so softly.

	I rocked and humped up and down around Doug's embedded hard-on. The slow-motion fucking was overwhelming. I squeezed with my entire body. I had to pull myself down over his prick. There was no weight to just let me fall back over Coach's thick prick. I had to work to take the throbbing thing back into my soaking-wet cunt. Then I used my thighs to slowly drag up over each fraction of an inch of meaty delight, fully aware of every bump and ridge as my sensitive flesh wormed back and forth.

	"Can you feel how hot and wet I am up inside, Coach?" I asked. "How nice my pussy is for you, baby?"

	"You're killing me," he managed.

	I was trying to fuck him to death, at the very least. I gave it my best effort, using my grasping cunt over the glistening hardness of a man old enough to be my daddy. Two inches out then an inch and a half back inside me; Back and forth, just barely making progress. The upstroke took forever. My hot twat gripped, the outer lips of my talented pussy squirming around the tip.

	Then I started an equally slow stroke back into my whimpering young body.

	"You're not going to die, Coach," I whispered, my tongue wet in his ear behind the words. "I want you to live for a long time, so you can keep fucking me."

	"Jessica," he whispered, wanting to say more but stopping as I spoke again.

	"I'm just gonna make you feel like you're dying," I whispered, not stopping my naughty internal movements. "I'm gonna milk my tight little pussy over your big cock until you beg me to let you cum then I'm going to make you wait just a little more."

	"Then what happens?" he groaned.

	"You're gonna like that part."

	"I am?" he moaned.

	"That's when I want you to cum way up inside me," I panted as his hand tightened over the cheeks of my ass again. "I want to feel your big cock spurting. I want you to fill me with your hot cum, Coach."

	This was so beautiful. I felt like some fluorescent sea creature, my body aglow with sexual passion, breeding in the depths of some ancient ocean of a lost era. Doug let me ride him as long as he could then he started fucking his cock deeper and deeper into my hot cunt. My own gasping hunger was driving me into contortions, making my lust-swollen pussy grind wetly, sucking at the very tip of his prick-knob.

	"You feel so good inside me, Doug," I whispered, grinding my cunt tightly. "So big. Fuck me. Fuck me so nice, baby."

	My breasts were jiggling right over his dazed face and his eyes froze at the sight of my hard nipples bouncing up and down through the surface of the pool.

	My hair was wet, plastered to my head. The perfume I'd so carefully placed was washed away long ago with my pretty dress. None of the preparations I'd made were necessary now as I was getting better loving then I'd ever dreamed.

	I groaned again as the cock buried in my belly throbbed almost out of control. For just a second, he rocked on the edge. I knew that he was trying to make it last, wanting to make sure that I was totally satisfied.

	I was.

	"No," I whispered. "It's your turn to cum, now, Coach."

	My naked ass was in his strong hands again, bouncing up and down faster, making splashing sounds as I ground with each stroke to maximize Doug's pleasure. He was stabbing up into me, pounding his cock desperately into me as his orgasm got closer and closer. My nails dug into his arms, bringing his eyes back to mine.

	"Oooh, that's it," I cooed, looking right into his eyes, knowing that my horny, wicked words would thrill him. "Build me a nice load, Coach. Let me really feel your cum. Fill me with enough juice so I'll be leaking cum for a week."

	I pushed my tits into his face and slid my naked thighs along his hips and ribs. Doug's hands were locked around my tiny waist now. He was rocking me up and down, totally control-ing the action. I didn't need to hand on. I let my legs caress along his sides and my head fell back as I felt his mouth capturing one of my stiff nipples.

	"Yes, baby," I kept up the naughty monologue. "My pussy is so hot, Doug. It wants cum. Your cum. Mmmm, I feel him throbbing your cock. All big and hard and throbbing, just the way I love it. Give me some cum, Coach. Give my hot little pussy some cum."

	I wasn't just saying that to turn on Doug; my pussy was really hot. I was creaming so heavily and Doug's big prick kept bringing up more and more of my slippery juices, keeping our coupling as slick and sensual as it could possibly be.  My legs were wide open, scissored straight past his hips with the head of his cock bottoming-out way up inside me. He was fucking me. God, was Doug fucking me. Each long, smooth, deep stroke set off another wave of rippling delight through my body. The rough ridge of his hard-on rubbed directly over the tip of my joy-button.

	I watched his eyes, seeing the passion in them as Doug rhythmically plunged the hard thickness of his glistening prick up into my belly. "Cum," I whispered as I felt Coach Martin racing toward an explosive climax. "Cum inside me, baby."

	And that's exactly what he did. With a low hoarse groan he pushed his prick out for me. Curling up, I milked down, dragging my hot cunt up and down with lightning speed. I felt his prick throb then swell until I was afraid it would split. I rippled my inner fuck muscles, gyrating my well-lubricated cunt over the Doug's heavenly cock.

	"Jessica," he whispered.

	"Cum," I moaned. "Cum, baby."

	A hot blast of juicy liquid splashed into my pussy. First a little one then the full force of his climax. The sizzling flood of fiery jism triggered a clit-swelling cum in my own body. I hung on blissfully, riding gently over the belching boner to bring him back.

	Doug nuzzled against my face as he rocked through the passionate seconds. Right at the peak, he moaned into my ear. At first, I wasn't sure I'd heard him right, but then he whispered into my ear again.

	"I love you," he said, his body shivering as the last tremor spurted one last wad of hot cum through my body.



	To be Continued 

