Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 14 - Mikey Gets a Dare (Part 10)

Before starting, the ringleader, who was also the oldest, explained their reason for coming. She told us the same story I just told you before proceeding to introductions and greetings.

I found a few things came in handy identifying them and keeping everyone straight. First, they all happened to be spaced perfectly two years apart in age from eleven to nineteen. The oldest, who were nineteen and seventeen, were the two girls who had been speaking with Lucy on the porch earlier out of my eyesight. The next oldest, the cute girl who had studied me up and down appreciatively through the front doorway, was fifteen. The twins were thirteen, and the smallest was eleven years old.

Lucy and I were both confounded when the oldest made a curtsy and told us her name was “Fervent Supplication”. At first, I thought I had misheard her or had a brain glitch. They didn't even sound like real words to me - certainly not a person's name!

But apparently, she was accustomed to her name confusing outsiders and was quick to provide further details. We were still quite confused even after she gave us the definitions. Fortunately, she put us at ease by saying we could call her "Cate", which was a lot easier to remember.

Cate had a graceful, pleasant beauty about her. Her well-proportioned nineteen-year-old body had more curves than any of her sisters and her skin was as smooth as porcelain. She looked like someone who had outgrown the follies of youth and was ready for the womanhood chapter of her life.

While her pale skin tone matched her sisters, she had darker hair, almost black, and her eyes were deep pools of brown. Her clothing had a peculiarity that stood out to me. All the homemade dresses were finely crafted. But Cate's brown dress had unexpected lines all over it - extra seams, patches, and stitches where none belonged.

When she caught me looking at her dress, she smoothed it down nervously with her hands; as if by rubbing, she could somehow wipe away those unseemly lines. She was grateful when the next oldest girl took the initiative and introduced herself.

When the second girl uttered her name, "Mellifluous", it came out sounding more like the opening lyric of a song than a word. I recognized her angelic voice from earlier, and, once she defined it - a sweet or smoothly flowing sound - I felt like the name fit her perfectly. She insisted we call her "Mel".

Mel was actually a cousin to the others. And there were notable differences. Her dress was a more contemporary style and would not have been out of place in my school. Her wavy hair was blonde and cropped shorter in a practical, but playful, summer style. She was as tall as her older cousin, Cate, but her athletic body moved with more energy than grace.

She sashayed to the middle of the room and performed her requisite bow. Her curtsy mirrored Cate's but with some unnecessary added flourishes. Judging from the sly smile on her face, you could almost think she was making fun of her cousins and their antiquated customs.

With her honeyed voice filling the room, she imitated Cate's sentiment, but with with none of the sincerity. "It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance. Thank you for your hospitality," she sang.

She held her pose longer than necessary and kept her head bowed. Then she looked up at me and winked. When I nodded a bashful acknowledgement, she ended her bow and walked confidently back to her spot. She picked up the large cooking pot and held it against her cocked hip.

When the next in line came and stood directly before me, my heart started fluttering. With an adorable bow, she gave her full name, "Inexorable Honesty, or Honesty for short," and offered the same greeting as the other girls before her.

Inexorable Honesty left no doubt that, unlike her cousin, her greeting and curtsy were genuine. I don't think she was even capable of insincerity. There wasn't a dishonest or deceptive bone in that girl's body.

"You can also call me 'Nessy' if you want. I really don't mind," she was quick to add. There was something about the way she looked unwaveringly at you and spoke with such conviction, that made it impossible to doubt anything she said. Her salutation delivered, she returned to stand by the wash tub and went back to studying my naked body in earnest. She seemed to approve of my handsome cock’s new trick of swaying horizontally in the air.

Next, the twins, who were already used to doing everything together, came forward as one and performed their curtsy. That’s when it struck me that everyone was directing their salutations to me specifically and mostly ignoring Lucy. I figured out that, even though Lucy had made it clear she was the older sibling, according to their cultural tradition, the oldest male member of the household still held the highest position of authority. That’s why they were directing their greetings and introductions to me. Apparently, that custom applied even if the eldest male in the house was nothing more than a naked boy whose big sister still had to give him baths.

"Thank you for your hospitality," they said in perfect stereo. Then they tried to say their names at the same time and ended up stepping on each other's words. The bold one shot an accusatory look at her sister who shrank back apologetically.

"My name is Persistence, but you can call me 'Persi'," she said, pausing impatiently so her sister could then take her turn.

"And I'm Penitence...Penny," the timid one managed to squeak out while shrinking another half-step back.

Persi rolled her eyes in annoyance before dragging her sister back to their position near the giant basket.

Last, but not least, the eleven-year-old stepped forward and thanked me for my hospitality before introducing herself as Anointed Exuberance, or "Annie" for short.

Annie's thin, silky hair was braided down her back and she wore a play dress – even simpler than her sisters. It was high-waisted and had no belt or collar. It looked like it had originally been beige but had gradually faded to almost white. It was extremely threadbare and had clearly been passed down too many times. A couple more wash cycles and it would be practically transparent! The fact that it barely reached her knobby knees indicated that she was on the verge of outgrowing it and would soon pass it down to some poor, unsuspecting littler sister who would be stuck wearing the revealing cloth.

When she bounced to the middle of the room, the transom light from the window above the door shined right through the fabric from behind her and revealed her entire body to me. She grabbed the edges of the dress, which hung from her skinny, eleven-year-old frame, and attempted a clumsy curtsey. She didn't yet have the grace of her big sisters. But that didn't stop her from bowing her head, bending her legs, and making an adorably exuberant effort.

I couldn't stop myself from looking at the childish white panties wrapped around her immature hips and pelvis before moving up to locate her nipples - little more than tiny pink buttons on her bra-less chest. Suddenly, I felt a stirring in my loins and my cock twitched noticeably. I averted my gaze, almost too late and tried to think of something other than the cute tween girl bowing before me in her transparent dress.

When she saw my cock twitch its approval of her offering, a look of healthy apprehension bordering on fear replaced her normally exuberant smile. But then, Honesty came to the rescue and broke the stalemate by clearing her throat. Annie blinked and turned toward her fifteen-year-old sister. Realizing she was still standing in the middle of the room, she quickly returned to her assigned spot near the tin wash tub. But she kept a wary eye trained on my semi-erect appendage for any more unexpected signs of life.

Having completed all their introductions and greetings, it was Cate’s responsibility to formally initiate the presentation. But before she could begin, her cousin, Mel, asked Lucy a question.

"Why does your brother...Mikey...not speak? Is there something wrong with him? Is he simple?" she asked in her sing-songy, mellifluous voice.

Ok, ouch. I wanted to speak up in my defense, tell them I wasn't an idiot. But my dare did not allow me to speak without Lucy's permission. And I doubted she would grant me to. Upon hearing my real fourteen-year-old voice, they would instantly see right through her whole "little brother" charade. She couldn't risk that.

With a reassuring smile, she came over and gave my bottom a pat. Having your naked bottom patted in front of a bunch of cute girls you just met in your own house is just as condescending as it sounds. She might as well have patted me on the top of my head like a little child.

"Simple?" she mused, "oh, he can be a little slow sometimes, if that's what you mean. But mostly he's all right. He's just shy around strangers. Isn't that right, Mikey?"

At that, she gave my bottom a firm squeeze which made my eyes bulge. I nodded my head silently and tried to look as...un-simple as I could manage.

Now that the subject had been raised, Cate added her own question to the conversation. She wanted clarification about something that had been bothering her. Looking warily at my swaying cock, the nineteen-year-old asked, "and did you say he was your...younger brother?"

"Yes," Lucy delivered a confident lie, "he's eleven and I'm almost thirteen."

Upon hearing I was only eleven years old, several girls did a surprised double take. Some shared excited whispers with their closest neighbors. Persistence, when she realized something, couldn't help but blurt out a taunt aimed at her youngest sister, "Annie is eleven, too! Hey Annie, do you want to play with Mikey? He can be your beau."

Oh great, not only did they all think I was eleven, and an imbecile to boot, but they were now trying to set me up with the youngest girl in their group for a play date!

I looked around the room for anyone to come to my defense. But other than little Annie whose face had turned red, all I could see were a bunch of snickering girls. Some were doing a better job than others of hiding their amusement. Some weren't even trying.

I felt like a laughingstock. They no longer feared me. They felt sorry for me - the dumb eleven-year-old simpleton who couldn't even help his big sister in the garden without getting dirt all over his legs. I couldn't even be trusted to clean up afterward but needed my big sister to bathe me.

Emasculated, I felt my erection, still full from Dave's chemicals, droop to hang impressively between my open legs. The girls immediately noticed and twittered excitedly to each other about my penis' new position.

As my own face blushed with humiliation, I redoubled my efforts to mask my emotions. Setting my face stoically, I resolved to stand as still as a statue and in no way react to anything else the girls said or did.

It might have worked, too, if the girls had kept their clothes on.


