Naive Teacher In Winston
by potatoHead42

Day 1 -- Monday

Early Morning

Lana jumps out of bed with a pep on her step. This was going to be a good day; she could feel it. She would leave yesterday behind and start fresh!

In pajamas, she prepares Dennis' breakfast, including a fresh pot of light roast coffee. The couple makes small talk over the well-seasoned over-easy eggs and sourdough toast.

He grabs his laptop bag and gives her a peck on the lips.

"Have a good day honey!" - he says as he grabs his keys.

"You too! Enjoy your first day Dens, see you tonight for yummy dinner!" - she beams back at her lovely fiancee.

She goes upstairs to finish her morning routine, including a warm shower to wake her up. She spends some time deciding what to wear and remembers that the recommended dress code included a Skirt, a Top with Jacket/Coat/Sweater and Stockings/Tights.

She opts for a green v-neck top (unaware of how well it emphasized her heavy breasts), a gray knee-length skirt, simple dark tights, a tan jacket and tan flats. Underneath she goes with green cotton panties and a green basic bra encasing her big 38DDs to match the panties.

Looking at the mirror she looks modest but nice. She knew anyone would kill to have her body, either on themselves or on their bed.

The newbie teacher grabs her purse and materials and leaves for school.

Jack is outside of his house drinking coffee when Lana exits her home. She waves at him with an innocent smile. He waves back and takes a quick snap when she turns her back to him.

She walks away and the neighbor, not losing a beat, starts filming as her ass sashays and moves erotically while she struts.

*****

Morning -- School Assembly

The naive teacher arrives at the school entrance with only a few minutes to spare before the start of the assembly. She recites in her head: 'class 2-D, 6 students, all 18 years old, assembly first thing in the morning; the schedule and more details were to be given by the principal at some point.'

Roger, one of her colleagues, is waiting at the school doors. She remembers him well, as on the day before, he ogled and hugged her more than anyone else.

"There you are Lana! You are almost late." - says Roger bringing her in for a hug.

She blushes but accepts the hug. She is definitely not used to it yet.

"Hi... whe-..." - starts Lana. He quickly breaks the hug.

"Go inside, first double doors at the back of the main hall. You can join some of the other teachers on the left side of the auditorium." - he interrupts.

Lana makes her way inside the building, passing through a few students who are also going to the assembly hall. She feels a few hands/bodies bumping into her but dismisses them as accidents.

*****

To quickly describe the school:

- The main hall was a big open space with some couches and vending machines, where the students could hang around before class. There are lockers everywhere.

- At the back of the main hall, there are 2 big double doors, which lead to the theater/auditorium/assembly hall.

- The right-corridor from the main hall leads to the classrooms and the left leads to the gym and cafeteria.

- There is a big flight of stairs leading to the second floor, where the principal's office and the teacher's lounge is located.

- The right-corridor of the second floor leads to the clubs/labs and extra classrooms, while the left leads to the library.

*****

As she passes through the big open doors, she sees a group of adults to the left. She recognized a few of them from her stroll but couldn't remember any names. She notices they are getting some white t-shirts and going towards the stage.

Lana hears someone on stage talking and she joins the gathering of teachers just in time. The only person left is an older woman in her late 50s attired in dress clothes and thick glasses.

"Ms. Cox! There you are!" - she announces and a few students snicker hearing the word cocks. "Here, take this and join the others on the stage. Make sure to put it on before going up." - explains the woman.

She gives her a white oversized t-shirt at the same time as she expertly removes Lana's tan jacket.

Lana starts marching towards the stage, following another female teacher in her early 30s dressed nicely in a tight business skirt and blouse. The woman puts the shirt over her clothes as she goes up the stairs. The back of the t-shirt is just plain white.

"... Tech and Music teacher once again." - says an imposing voice from the stage.

The students clap non-enthusiastically. Lana puts on her white shirt as the man continues introducing the next teacher.

"Welcome again, Mrs. Mary Hunter, the Drama and Art teacher." - this time the students clap loudly and there are even some catcalls and woo-hoos. Lana remembers her vaguely as Lucius Hunter's wife.

The naive teacher walks on stage as she gets introduced.

"And one of our new teachers is here, Ms. Lana Cox, the Biology and Female PE teacher. Give her a warm welcome!" - says the announcer.

The reaction is overwhelming, lots of clapping, hooting, comments and compliments are being thrown out.

"Nice tits!" "Show us your boobs" "So thicc!" "Sit on my face!" "Suck my Cox!" and so forth.

Lana is shocked and turns 50 shades of red.

"Haha... such a warm reception to the new instructor!" - laughs the man at the podium.

He then proceeds to introduce Roger, who came right behind her. He was the Finance, Taxes and Male PE teacher.

'Oh, he will share the class with me, hopefully he has manners and behaves professionally.' - Lana reflects.

The man on stage continues his speech.

"As you can see, we continue the old tradition of the White T-Shirts here at Winston-Phillips School, to symbolize transparency, openness and that everyone is equal. Not even the teachers are above the students." - he says motioning towards the teachers.

Lots of clapping and woo-hooing follow.

Lana looks down at the T-shirt and her face instantly becomes beet red, again. She is wearing a white t-shirt stamped with a woman's body wearing a skimpy bikini.

It's very realistic and makes the young buxom teacher seem like she is wearing a bikini to the assembly. In front of the whole school.

She looks to the other teachers helplessly, but notices they are all wearing some form of the same shirt.

The male teachers have a design with a shirtless torso and a small thong. She can even distinctively trace out the genitalia on the shirt. Extremely graphic.

'Oh my...' - she says in her head. She gets embarrassed again for thinking such lewd thoughts.

Lana contains the urge to cover herself. She didn't want to look weak in front of her new colleagues and her new students, after all nobody else seemed bothered by the display.

"Of course..." - continues the old man on stage. "This is just a visual representation, take Ms. Cox for example, her breasts are much larger than the one in the shirt design." - agreements and laughs can be heard from the audience.

Lana also nods her head in agreement.

'That is right...' - she thinks. 'My breasts are way bigger than hers!' - she again shakes her head to remove such impure thoughts.

Anyone else looking from the audience would not be blamed if they got excited with such a lewd show. The images were really realistic, and you could almost believe that all the teachers were indeed wearing skimpy swimsuits to the assembly.

Every student in Winston-Phillips loved this school tradition.

The old man clears his throat and continues his speech.

"Moving on. As you may all know, I am William Winston-Phillips, school Principal." - he introduces. "Students, welcome to your second year at Winston-Phillips school. Since you are all at least 18 years old, this year we will focus on subjects important to your lives, like Finance, Sexual Education and Tech, as well as continue with your favorite clubs/extracurricular activities. The volleyball club is once again recruiting..."- the principal continues his speech for what seems like an eternity.

Lana stops listening halfway through, she is very preoccupied with all her students and other teachers ogling her. Her heart starts to beat faster, and she starts to feel a warmth between her legs.

'What is happening to me... I am starting to feel hot...' - she thinks.

At this moment, the principal concludes his speech.

"And that is all for today. Welcome again and have fun!" - Principal William declares.

A round of applause follows from the audience.

"Today is a short day. So, after homeroom you all are dismissed!" - he continues. "Back to class now!"- ushers Principal William.

All the teachers remove their bikini shirts and start going towards their respective classrooms. The principal signals Lana to stay and approaches her on stage.

"Hello dear Miss Cox. Nice to meet you. Can I call you Lana?" - he questions.

"S-sure, L-Lana is fine, Principal William." - she squeaks back.

"Please, call me Bill, we will be working together for at least a year!" - he opens his arms for a hug. She hugs him quickly.

"O-okay, do you know where the woman who took my jacket is?" - she asks him.

"Oh! Must have been Stella, my secretary. Don't fret my dear, you don't need such formal wear at this school. We encourage all teachers to dress for comfort!" - he explains.

"But the jacket is very com..." - she pleads.

"Nonsense, you look way better without. You wouldn't want to hide your beautiful figure." - he compliments her. She blushes furiously. "Now make your way to your classroom and I will come by with the schedule and your jacket in a bit. Chop chop!" - he says and turns around to leave.

*****

Morning -- Homeroom

Lana leaves the auditorium and makes her way to her classroom. She passes by the other classes but stops when she hears very loud cheering. The door says 2-C.

Mary Hunter is inside talking to her students about something. Lots of hollering and cheers can be heard. Lana hears Mary mentioning something about a bet, but it is hard to comprehend.

Mary suddenly opens her blouse and removes it, leaving her wearing only a sexy lacy bra. Lana turns red again, but also feels something inside her stir, getting a little excited by the erotic teacher's display.

Lana starts thinking about Mary's husband, Lucius, and wondering if he knows what his wife is up to. For some reason, that thought makes her even more horny. Weird.

She shakes the thoughts from her head and walks next door, towards her new classroom, 2-D.

*****

The young naive teacher opens the door and is surprised to see that all 7 students are sitting down waiting for her.

"Hello Miss Cox, I am Chloe, the class rep. Welcome to classroom 2-D!" - says a beautiful blonde student towards the teacher.

"H-hi everyone!" - she says while putting her stuff down at her desk. She takes a deep breath, picks a marker and writes 'Ms. Lana Cox -- Bio / PE' on the whiteboard.

"I am Ms. Lana Cox, but please call me Miss Lana or Miss Cox, whatever you prefer. I will be your Biology and homeroom teacher, and PE for the ladies. Please treat me well this year." - she beams at her students, sounding more confident now that she is at her element.

"Hi Miss Cox!" - they all say in unison.

"Now that I introduced myself, I would like to meet each of you." - she explains. "After, I will open up for any questions you might have for me. Sounds good?" - she asks confidently.

They all nod. The girl who introduced herself in the beginning stands up.

"Hi, I am Chloe, class rep and captain of the volleyball team." - she says peppily. "This dreamy boy here is my boyfriend." - she announces to a few groans, motioning to the tall blonde boy next to her.

He gets up and clears his throat.

"Hello, Miss Cox, I am Andrew, captain of the wrestling team. I am positive we will have heaps of fun this year." - he says seriously at the new teacher.

Next, a brown-haired pretty boy with piercing blue eyes stands up. He has extremely white skin.

"Hi, teach." - he says, grinning widely. "I am Lukas Hunter, son of Lucius, Dennis' boss." - he smirks mischievously. Two boys next to him get up in unison.

"I am Benjamin, or BJ for short!" - announces the tanned black-haired boy.

"And I'm Wyatt, Miss Lana." - says the bleached-haired boy with dark-skin.

"We are the Triple Threat Trio, follow us @TTT on social! Don't forget to like and subscribe!" - says Lukas, as if talking in a YouTube video.

The rest of the class groans audibly, they seem to be used to his shenanigans.

"Erm.... Thanks guys, I mean TTT. How about both of you?" - the young teacher asks towards the other two students left.

The thin red-haired boy gets up.

"H-hi, I am Jim, president of the AV Club. I believe you are our assigned Club teacher." - he smiles shyly.

The cute black-haired girl next to Jim gets up halfway from her chair.

"Evelyn, or Evie. I am in the Art, Drama and Tech clubs." - she says, very quietly.

Wyatt shouts 'Go, Evie!' out loud. The TTT trio laughs and the shy girl blushes furiously.

Lana clears her throat to call the class's attention back to her.

"Nice to meet you everyone." - the new teacher says warmly. "I want to be 100% open with you, since we will basically be family for this year, so you can ask me anything." - she says confidently.

A few hands shoot up. She points at Andrew.

"To start slowly, are you married? Could not help to see a Miss before your name." - he says, deftly.

"Not yet, my fiancee Dennis is working at the company, under Lukas' father." - she says honestly.

Lukas says out loud. "In that case, have you had sex with him?" - he asks. His friends snicker at his question.

She turns beet red at the unexpected question. She takes a deep breath before continuing.

"W-wow, a very intimate question Lukas..." - she says.

"Well, you said we could ask you anything and that you would answer honestly!" - he argues back.

She didn't remember saying it exactly like that but decides against arguing.

"I said that, right? Okay, yes, I have not had sex with Dennis, I am saving myself for marriage." - she replies.

Everyone woos at the answer, she blushes again.

"So, what about Anal? Your name is Anal backwards!" - says Benjamin with a cheeky smile. Wyatt laughs and Lukas punches him in the arm. "Ouch..." - BJ complains.

Lana gasps slightly at the question, losing her composure a little bit.

"I am aware of my name. To answer you, no, I haven't had that experience before." - she replies.

"Miss Cox, what is the size of your tits? I want to know if they are bigger than mine." - says Chloe, emphasizing her cleavage with her hands.

"They are 38DD..." - she whispers, blushing.

"Nice boobs!" - shouts Wyatt. Lukas punches his arm playfully.

"Damn, bigger than mine." - says a disappointed Chloe. "You probably have the biggest boobs in school, Miss Lana, impressive."

"Erm... thanks?" - she stammers. "Next question... anyone?" - the naive teacher asks.

Lots of students start asking questions at the same time.

"How big is your butt?" "Do you masturbate?" "Have you seen a dick?" "Have you done a footjob?" "Want to jerk me off?" "Do you do squats to have such a fat ass?" "What color are your panties?"

She blushes, becoming extremely uncomfortable and embarrassed.

'Be brave Lana, be brave. You can't show weakness in front of your pupils, you need to guide them and help them grow, not hold them back.' - she says to herself.

From now on, she decides to never hold them back and do anything in her power for their education.

'Okay, let's answer the next question...'

"Teach, have you sucked a cock before?" - Lukas asks the newbie teacher.

"Yes." - she answers without thinking. Everyone wohoos and hollers at the teacher.

"Oh, what a naughty teacher..." - Wyatt says teasingly.

"No! I didn't!" - she protests.

"You mean you lied to us, teach? What about the mutual trust between us?" - Lukas provokes.

"No, I mean... yes... I mean... maybe... I did." - she stammers.

"What have you done? Honestly." - the young Hunter provokes her further.

She feels hotness between her legs.

"I have licked a peepee before!" - she says, hiding her face in her hands.

Her coochie pulsates slightly, she was getting hot with all the questions. Everyone wooos and cheers.

*****

At this moment, the door opens and Principal Bill walks in.

"Am I interrupting? I came by to share the schedule and finish the class for the day." - he says, entering the classroom.

"You are not interrupting, uncle, come on in." - says Andrew nonchalantly.

"What is this I hear about sucking penises? Great transparency Lana, this is what we need!" - asks the principal, dropping the teacher's lost jacket on her chair.

"N-no, Principal Bill, it was a misunderstanding, I-I am n-not doing that!" - says Lana embarrassed.

"It is perfectly healthy for a young lady to be interacting with penises." - he says. "I'm glad you enjoy them!" - he continues in a jolly voice.

A tanned arm shoots up from the back.

"Yes, Benjamin?" - asks the old principal.

"You interrupted Miss Lana answering us about the color of her panties!" - he protests.

"What, I don't remember that..." - says the teacher under her breath.

"Was she going to? Okay, might as well." - Bill smiles. "Lana, be a dear and tell us the color of your underwear." - nonchalantly says the older man.

The newbie teacher looks at the principal and he smiles back happily, making a 'go on' motion.

"Green!" - she blurts out, hiding her face in her hands again.

Some students laugh and some hoot at the teacher.

"Miss Lana, c-can we see it?" - asks Evie embarrassed. This question seems to take a lot of effort for her.

"Oh! Good idea, young lady!" - beams the old man.

"B-Bill... I c-can't just remove my skirt and show my undergarments to my students." - Lana protests.

"You are right, tsk." - he says frowning. "Oh, I have an idea, we can just lift the side of your skirt and peek at it." - he proposes.

"Smart!" "That's why he's the principal!" "Nice!" -- the students react at the same time.

"T-that is still not appropriate for a teac..." - the young teacher insists.

"Miss Cox, you were the one who said we are family, and a peek at your underwear is no different than seeing you in a bikini." - says Andrew. "We will see your bikini when we go to the beach, won't we? So, no harm done." - he expertly arguments.

'Oh my... it seems harmless... he is right... and I did say that...' - Lana reflects.

"Sound logic, dear nephew!" - his uncle says. "So, what are you waiting for Lana? Let's see those green panties." - orders Principal Bill.

The teacher is still feeling hotness from between her legs. Her panties dampen slightly at the thought of being exposed in front of her students. She mentally chastises herself for feeling that.

"I g-guess it makes sense... it will be the same when we go to the beach." - she says, not realizing that she is also agreeing to go to the beach with her students.

She takes a deep breath and quickly starts to lift the side of her skirt. The students get a good look at her tights covered legs. They are dark and only slightly transparent, so their view is not fully clear.

The naive teacher continues hiking up the side of her skirt until the green panties come into view. You can make out the color and the edges, but not much more of the garment itself.

Everyone applauds their brave and sexy new teacher.

"They are green indeed!" - says the principal. "Lana, from now on you shouldn't wear tights, we wouldn't want to block the view of your beautiful and supple legs." - orders him.

"But..." - she decides against protesting. "Y-yes Bill." - she stammers. Blushing, the young teacher adjusts her skirt back down.

The bell sounds, signaling the end of the morning classes.

"T-thanks everyone, see you tomorrow." - says the teacher as the students start to leave.

Jim passes by her first and nods with a shy smile. As he approaches the classroom door, the principal clears his throat loudly.

"Lana, it would be polite to hug your students goodbye, after all, we encourage the bonding between faculty and students in this school. Heck, our culture encourages bonding and "skinship" between all people! It is part of Winstonstead." - he lectures her.

"R-right, if I have to..." - accepts the teacher reluctantly.

Jim comes back and gives her a quick hug and a goodbye. One by one the students come and hug their teacher before leaving. BJ gives her a sly smile and a wink before leaving.

Lukas is the last one and he seems to stay in the hug a bit too long. Before breaking the embrace, his right hand touches her upper ass cheeks slightly. He then bolts out of class laughing.

Lana is visibly embarrassed, feeling a bit disorientated.

"Ca-ham... Lana?" - says Principal Bill. "I need to hand you your schedule before you go for the day. You should also stop by the teacher's lounge to drop off your materials." - he continues.

"Okay, I will do that, on the second floor?" - she asks.

He nods and brings out a piece of paper with her schedule.

*****

Schedule:

* Monday - Morning: Homeroom/Special; Lunch; Afternoon: Homeroom; Clubs: Staff Room.

* Tuesday - Morning: Free; Lunch; Afternoon: Homeroom; Clubs: AV Club.

* Wednesday - Morning: Bio; Lunch; Afternoon: Bio Lab; Clubs: Free.

* Thursday - Morning: PE; Lunch; Afternoon: PE (on/off); Clubs: Staff Room.

* Friday - Morning: Bio; Lunch; Afternoon: Staff Room.

*****

Quick explanation of periods:

* Homeroom -- Where students study for their other classes, it is fully supervised. Sometimes the supervising teacher can give them assignments or tasks during the class.

* Staff Room -- Where the teachers can plan their next classes and where students can find them if they need any help. The Staff Room is akin to "Office Hours".

* Clubs -- The school has a lot of extracurricular activities, and each club has a supervising/mentoring teacher. Lana is the one responsible for the AV Club.

* Bio / Bio Lab -- Biology class is where they study multiple things, mainly Sex Ed. Most classes have a "lab" class, where they can do more "hands-on" projects or have in-class time to work on assignments.

* PE -- Physical Education classes, they happen in the big Gym. Male and Female students have PE at the same time. Sometimes class extends into the afternoon. Students are obligated to shower after the class. Teachers are also supposed to, but only if they participate in class.

* Lunch -- Free 1h period where teachers and students can either go to the cafeteria or home for food.

*****

"Thanks Bill. Wow, this is a packed schedule!" - she muses.

"Indeed, but you have some free time Tuesday morning and early releases Wednesdays and Fridays. That is, if nobody asks for help with anything." - he says.

She nods agreeably.

"Before I go, I want to emphasize it again. We strongly encourage the bonding between faculty members and between teachers and students." - the old man explains.

"Yes sir, thanks for the advice, I will keep that in mind." - says the newbie teacher.

"It's not advice, it's a requirement." - he says nonchalantly.

"All right, sorry. I will do that." - she recovers quickly, not wanting to upset her new boss.

"Not a problem, now be a dear and give me a kiss goodbye." - he motions to his cheek.

Sighing, she gives him a peck on the cheek. She thought she saw a bright light go off at the same moment, but it was probably her mistake. He smiles back at her and leaves the classroom.

Lana gathers her stuff, including the fresh schedule, and makes her way to the Staff Room.

*****

Interlude --- Winston Secret Chat Group

"Got a good photo at the assembly today!" - announces RoGer, sending a few images of Lana in the bikini shirt.

"Wow, that's hot!" "Looks like she's almost naked!" "Nice!" - all the people on the chat comment.

"Anyone got any photos during class?" - asks Jack.

"No, Bill was in the class, but she showed us her panties!" - says user LukTTT. Everyone reacts.

"I got this one of her kissing Bill!" - user WyTTT shares some photos of the teacher slightly bent over and kissing the principal on the cheek. Her outfit nicely displays her big ass.

"Nice, got an idea for tomorrow..." - says user Drew.

*****

Afternoon -- Staff Room

Lana arrives at the empty staff room, seeing a large desk with her name on a nameplate: "Lana Cox -- Bio / Sex Ed".

She blushes and makes an unhappy sound.

'Sex Ed will only be a few classes to talk about anatomy and reproductive systems, it won't be my whole year! Weird. I will have to talk to Bill about it.' - she protests in her head,

The teacher starts to drop her materials and organize her desk when the doors open and Mary Hunter walks in.

"Hello Lana, hope you had a good first day!" - she greets her new colleague.

"E-erm, yes I did, thanks for asking." - the young teacher says.

"You sound unsure, what happened?" - Mary asks, concerned.

"Not much, it was just a bit weird, with lots of intimate questions..." - she stops halfway as she remembers Mary showing her lacy bra to the class. She blushes furiously.

"Hihi, don't worry my dear, it's normal." - Mary assured. "Everyone's super intimate here. The students are just full of hormones, but they're mostly harmless." - she says. Mostly.

"I had to show them my underwear! Bill was there and he agreed with the students!" - Lana whispered.

Mary giggles and touches Lana's shoulder, smiling warmly.

"Oh dear, you must have class 2-D." - she states, and Lana shakes her head positively. "Unlucky, you got the prankster class... they're very naughty." - she giggles again, amused.

"I s-see, how can I keep them in check?" - asks a worried Lana.

Mary drops her stuff on her desk and starts to leave.

"You can't, better embrace it. It will be lots of fun if you do! Ta-ta!" - says her colleague, leaving the room without waiting for an answer.

Incredulous, nervous and secretly slightly excited, Lana finishes organizing her desk and goes home.

She has a chill lunch by herself, cleans the house and prepares dinner for Dennis.

*****

Night

During dinner, the loving couple talks about their respective days at work.

"My day was excellent! I am very enthusiastic about my new role. How was yours?" - asks Dennis to his fiancee.

"That is good sweetie... my day was... hmm... interesting..." - she says, sounding unsure.

"What happened?" - he asks worriedly.

She proceeds to tell him everything that happened to her, in detail.

"You mean they saw your green panties?" - asks Dennis, visibly interested by the topic. She nods embarrassed.

"And I can't wear tights tomorrow!" - she protests. "They also got me to admit that I licked a peepee!" - she says indignantly.

He laughs and gives her a slight peck on the lips.

"Oh, babe, don't worry, boys will be boys. Remember what we agreed? Let's embrace it! I am sure it's all harmless fun." - assures Dennis.

She feels relieved and comforted by her fiancee's words. He wasn't aware of how wrong he was.

They get ready for bed, each with their own routine, and lie down in their comfy new sheets. Dennis dives into his laptop, while Lana reflects on her day.

Her first day at school was an interesting one, she didn't expect any of that from her new job.

Had she hated it? Not really, she just wasn't comfortable with the interactions.

'It was kind of hot...' - she admits in her head, starting to get horny thinking about it.

'Maybe Dennis is right, he is smart. I should embrace it more. Yes, maybe that is it.' - she thinks, absent-minded touching her sex above her pajama pants.

Everyone is too close and intimate, it's all harmless in their eyes. The couple needs to get used to the culture. She feels wetness spreading between her legs.

Her tall fiancee touches her shoulder and sends a jolt down her body. She quickly removes her hand from her cooch and looks at him bewildered.

"Good night honey, I am pooped." - he says oblivious to it. He kisses her and turns off his light.

"N-night Dens..." - she says as she turns to sleep, still feeling horny.

Her sleep is filled with erotic dreams about her day.

*****