

SOME BACKGROUND

Sometime after my little crew of friends and I discovered our shared inte-
rest in assorted fetish related activities it became apparent that to con-
tinue in a serious manner some organization was required. Accordingly it 
was decided to form a secret society which we christened The Wenches. Ini-
tially there were to be seven members: me, my best friends RaeAnn and Clau-
dia, Kristie, who lived next door, and Bethany, Brittany and Danielle. 

Every secret society requires an initiation and some sort of secret symbol
of recognition. Both Danielle and Brittany had small tattoos on their bums
and RaeAnn on her left boob and that seemed promising, but it seemed simpler
just to shave off all our pubic hair. If necessary, the need for this could 
be explained away as a requirement for wearing the smallest bikini possible,
a worthy goal for any girl.

The symbol of recognition having been chosen, it was necessary to select an
appropriate initiation. It had to be something very difficult, something of 
which a girl could be proud of having undergone, and something painful, to 
discourage daytrippers. But it couldn't leave any lasting marks, so brand-
ing was out, or physical damage, which eliminated being stretched on the 
rack. It was Easter weekend, which suggested the passion of Our Lord. Cru-
cifixion seemed extreme and is difficult to stage. Crowning with thorns 
leaves marks. But scourging, or whipping at least, seemed to fit the bill.
Painful but controllable, no lasting marks if one chooses the right imple-
ment, fairly easy to stage, in fact we already did it, you do it bare ass,
and it's always fun to tie up your friends while they are naked. And you 
can get off early and often while doing it, which is a really big plus.

We wanted some historical justification for our initiation ceremony. There 
was a festival in Roman times, and possibly before, known as Lupercalia. A
part of this festival involved persons called Luperci cutting thongs from 
the skins of the animals and running about with the thongs in their hands 
in two bands, striking people nearby. Young women would line up on the 
route to receive lashes, which lashing supposedly ensured fertility and 
eased the pains of childbirth. As we already used a rawhide thong in our
whippings this fit in well, we'd just start using two instead of one thong
and go a bit easier.

We now had to agree on how much of a whipping. This turned out to be easy.
The Bible (in Deuteronomy 25:3) limits the number of strokes in a whipping 
to forty "lest being flogged further, to excess, your [sister] is degraded 
before your eyes". I mean we certainly didn't want to degrade anyone in ad-
dition to tieing them up, stripping them naked and whipping them. The only 
exception to the forty lashes was that in addition to flogging, there was
also a fine for the slandering of a virgin (Deut. 22:18). After some co-
sideration, and knowing our friends well, we thought it unlikely we would 
have to deal with this exception.

Whatever the case with virgins, the Talmud helped us further. The Talmud 
reduces the number of lashes to thirty nine, lest one exceed forty thru
error. It specifies the whip be of calfskin, so we were OK there. Also that 
the lashes be given on the bare upper body, one third on the breast and the 
other two thirds on the back. We divided the two thirds on the back to thir-
teen on the bare bum and thirteen higher up, Mutiny On the Bounty style. 
By unanimous decision it was declared the thirteen lashes on the breasts
be done with only a single strand instead of two. Ick. Don't even want to 
think about two strands.

Many details remained, all interconnected. When, where and just how would
the ceremony proceed. We had currently been using a small barn near Kris-
tie's house on the estate next door which was used only during eventing
season, in good weather. It was heated to an extent by blowers so it could 
be used in winter except on the coldest days. We also wanted to precede the
ceremony with a procession, which would be outdoors. The walk from Kris-
tie's house to the barn fit the bill. But Lupercalia traditionally took 
place February 13-15, almost the coldest part of the winter in New Eng-
land. So this was a problem.

Looking about we found the feast of The Purification of the Blessed Virgin 
Mary. Again leaving aside the virgin part, this fit our needs nicely. Ac-
cording to St. Joseph, the feast begins with a procession. "They walk two 
and two, holding in their hands candles lighted." Good, we could see that.
Now the need for the purification of Our Lady was the birth of Jesus on 
December 25. But according to Moses the length of time between the birth 
and the purification was forty days for the birth of a son, and double for 
a daughter, so for a girl we would be up to March 14. That helped with the
cold problem, though it did not eliminate it. But after all only the initi-
ate couldn't dress for the weather.

Finally, at the time of Mary the woman had to pay a fee of five shekels, 
about $1.30 in today's money. To correct for inflation we increased the 
fee tenfold to $13.00 to provide a kitty for the purchase of sundry items. 
We had some very nice red rope, cuffs and chains. We needed candles and 
holders and a gown for the initiate, something we could get on and off 
her with her arms tied firmly behind her back. lest she try to escape. 

On the day, we'd first all drive to Kristie's. The initiate would strip 
naked, including jewelry. We'd tie her wrists and elbows behind her, te-
ther her ankles about eighteen inches apart and put on her gown. Then a 
rope around her neck, the other end of which to be held during the proces-
sion by the girl who would do the whipping and finally a black blindfold. 
Outside, in the cold, with someone on either side, she'd walk barefoot, as 
best she could, along the road two hundred yards to the barn. The ground 
she walked would be frozen and maybe snowy and she'd be butt naked under 
this little gown. The rest of us could wear parkas if we wanted. We'd car-
ry our candles, walking two by two. Once at the barn we'd lock ourselves 
in, Kristie would turn the blowers on, we'd strip the initiate naked as 
a jaybird, untie her wrists, elbows and ankles and put the cuffs on all 
four limbs.

For the actual whipping we'd always rig her the same, in the middle of the
room, to give easy access because she had to be whipped both front and back,
between two posts, far enough apart to not intefere with the whip itself. 
Which meant wrap-around was a possibility. There were chains above her which 
attached to the wrist cuffs and her arms were drawn directly over her head, 
shoulder width apart with a little slack to start. Her legs were spread wide
and more chains attached to the ankle cuffs to hold her like that. I'm not
sure why her legs were spread because intentional pussy whipping was not 
allowed, though someone occasionally caught a tip down there. We would place 
a plank across her legs just above her knees and tie the ends to the posts to
hold it in place. Her legs would then be bound to the plank just above her 
knees so her body was held more firmly in place, making it harder to escape
the whip. Her blindfold would be left on. Her arms would be pulled up so 
her body was taut, just enough to hurt. Her hair would be tied up to allow
unobstructed access to back and boobs and she was ready.

We'd sit there on hay bales holding our candles, hoping not to light the 
place on fire. We'd always wait a bit to give the girl time to think about
what was going to be done to her. And it took a while for the blowers to heat 
the place to where the nude girl wouldn't freeze. We decided early on to have
an official whipper, whom we dubbed La Fouetteuse, which is French, non?,
and which no one would understand what it meant. We needed consistency in
force and technique to insure fairness. Our goal was to make everyone suffer
equally. And besides differences in size and strength in whippers, we needed
impartiality. After voting by secret ballot, Bethany was appointed La Fou-
etteuse, with just three of the seven votes, or two of the other six since 
she voted for herself. She is the strongest and the most hard nosed, a ser-
ious jock who pushes herself, and everybody around her, physically. I knew 
she would do a good job, really putting it too people, but didn't look for-
ward to when she initiated me.

So we were set. We bought some candles in very nice holders and a colorful
sleeveless summer dress which tied behind the neck so we could get it off
the initiate even with her hands tied behind her. The light dress, bare 
feet, rough road and winter cold made the slow procession to the barn in 
itself a form of torture for the initiated. We always did our whippings 
wet, using water, but figured because of the cold it was better to oil
the victim's skin, bum, back and boobs, rather than spray her with water. 
The whips were soaked overnight in water indoors to add weight and on the 
day Kristie filled a bucket with water so if La Fouetteuse desired she could 
re-wet the lash while the whipping was in progress. When she did, the spray 
off the whip added a nice dramatic effect.

We started. For seven days at the end of that first March and into April we
initiated the seven charter members of The Wenches. Beth went first as she
was to act as La Fouetteuse for the rest. We established a tradition of hav-
ing three different people apply the oil to the initiate's boobs, bum and 
back, subconsciously or maybe consciously lessening the effect of having to
feel up, and be felt up by, another girl. I did most of Beth's whipping, tho
we split up doing her boobs. She definitely did the best of all of us. I 
don't think she let out a peep even though I really tried to drill her ass,
except of course when she came which she did more than once. It was inte-
resting watching her. Her body is so tight even her bum barely jiggled when 
I hit it. Not so some of the other girls.

Then on successive days Beth did the rest of us. Brit, Claudia, Danielle,
Kristie, me and finally Rae, by the alphabet. We made one change immediately 
and took off the girl's blindfold during the whipping because Britt began to
cry and we didn't want to miss any such sign of distress. I think we all 
cried a bit and there was a lot of pleading but the only damage done, beyond
rosy red body parts, was bleeding nipples. Nobody asked Mercy but there were
some calls of red to stop for an emergency because Britt, Claudia and Rae 
were all surfing the crimson wave and no sanitary protection was allowed.

Speaking of asking Mercy, it never occured to us that all of the original 
seven wouldn't survive the whipping. One problem was we varied greatly in
size from La Fouetteuse, at five foot eight and strong for a girl, to Britt
at five two and just over a hundred pounds soaking wet, which she certain-
ly was when she was done. Britt cried openly but Beth took it slow and did
what she could to spread the pain, hitting Britt's upper thighs instead of
her ass on many strokes and using a single strand on her back. We all felt 
like crying when the time came to do her boobs. Her nipples bled so Beth 
went up above and down below her actual tits and finally, bit by bit, she 
got through it. When we untied her we had to hold her up but a half hour 
later she was wrapped in a fluffy robe and giggling. Since she was first, 
not counting Beth, it gave the rest of us something to think about it. 

Next morning we had more to think about. When Britt stripped for her boy-
friend that night he noticed the marks on her naked body and it hurt her 
to have him touch her nipples. Right then she was able to give herself to
him and I guess he had sense enough to take her very gently but next day 
she was too stiff and sore for intercourse so she had to satisfy him with
her mouth. Five of us had boyfriends so there was the possibility of simi-
lar problems. I hurt too and I attempted cowgirl the first night after, ra-
ther than doing it lying on my back as God intended a girl do, but it was 
a dumb idea. Both my bum and my boobs were in no shape for cowgirl. And 
ever try cowgirl without him touching your sore boobs? 

Whatever the case, five days later we were all done with the initiations.
It was interesting, comparing how each of us went through the whole proce-
dure. We started by making the girl to be whipped strip naked in front of
all of us in Kristie's house. Undressing can be a very personal thing to
people, even around people who will see them naked. Whenever I model for 
sketching classes I am always provided a separate dressing area, even if
its just a screen plainly in view. Letting the class see me in the nude is
required but seemingly so is undressing in private. Even when I pose for
my regular photographer Harry I turn my back even to take off my shirt. 

So making the girl strip in front of everyone is a part of the whole initi-
ation deal. Girls don't strip in front of everyone else in locker rooms as
boys do so they are not used to it. Among our little group we saw each oth-
ers boobs fairly often and sometimes bums but rarely bunny holes. I don't
think many girls really like to show pussy but if you want a boyfriend you
pretty much have to show him, and in fact I don't really consider a guy a 
boyfriend until he has pussy privileges. And now that we all had to shave 
our bushes as our secret recognition symbol there was no hiding anything.

Beth and Britt were the first to go and each stripped apparently without a 
second thought. Beth in a businesslike fashion and Britt so happily it was 
a shame that latter she was in so much difficulty. She was so comfy being 
nude I took her to see Harry to see about him marketing pictures of her.
My friends Rae and Claudia are both a bit body shy and didn't enjoy the 
experience, Rae because her tits are so big and Claude because she's a bit
chubby and the rest of us are rail thin. Kristie, who works with her body, 
is a bit embarassed about her looks and Danielle, being a very normal girl, 
was nervous. I found it odd with everyone staring at me.

Next we would tie the girl up. We're all a tad kinky so I don't think being
bound bothered anybody that much except now you were not only naked but naked 
and helpless. Then the blindfold and the thin summer dress and out into the 
cold for the walk to the barn. The road is dirt and there are stones and 
you couldn't see to avoid the stones being blindfolded and some are sharp 
and there was some snow and ice because dirt roads don't plow well. Finally 
you are at the barn and it's freezing there because Kristie didn't turn the
blowers on ahead. Then they take the blindfold off when they have you stand-
ing there between the posts with the cuffs hanging down and the spotlight
is on your back and the rest of the place is dark except for the candles.

Then the dress comes off and you're naked again and they untie your wrists
and someone holds each wrist and hauls your arms up to attach the cuffs.
Now they spread your legs and cuff them and you remember you've shaved your
hair down there and your legs are spread and you're showing everything you
were born with. They tie your legs tight above the knees and haul your wrists 
up a bit further so you can barely move. Last thing to do is put the oil on.
Since we did away with the blindfold during the whipping we could each see
who was doing the oiling. Danielle did both my bum and my boobs which was
technically not allowed but she had a great touch and by the time she was 
through I thought I'd cum before Bethany had a chance to hit me. 

Oiling was an unexpected bonus for oiler and oilee. I got to oil Bethany 
who was wearing her blindfold because it wasn't 'til after Britt that we 
decided to remove it for the whipping. This allowed me to take some liber-
ties. I had a grand old time. Her back was routine. I spent lots of time on
her bum, which you might think was a boy's if all you could see was her ass.
But its smooth and soft, just not as soft as other girls asses I've had the
privilege of feeling. I made sure I got a good feel in between her cheeks
and made a move forward between her legs towards her pussy even though twat
touching was off limits. Lastly was her boobs. They aren't terribly big be-
cause she has so little fat on her body but her nipples were hard as rocks
and she seemed to respond immediately I touched her. I just kept massaging
the oil lightly into her tits and she started moving her hips and by the
time I was done she was well on her way to the promised land.

Speaking of the promised land, for me, at least, getting there is the whole 
point. Beth and I got there enough times to have a statue erected in our 
honor. RaeAnn did too, of course she can cum just feeling herself up. Britt 
didn't because being whipped hurt her so much. Not sure about Kristie. She's 
so stoic she might have thought cumming was a fail. I'd bet against Claudia 
because she's so shy she was embarassed just to be nude in front of us. Dani-
elle certainly did because she kept screaming even after Bethany stopped 
hitting her. It was very entertaining and I enjoyed watching her naked body
struggle.

I have found that orgasm-wise, in order to get the most out of being tor-
tured, whatever the method of torture might be, I need to know about it 
ahead of time. Anticipating it is a big deal. I'm not someone for whom the 
turn on is the feeling that I've been bad and am being punished, but a big
part of my enjoyment is the psychological stuff. I want to know it's coming
and when. I want to know what's going to happen. Then I'll be good and wet 
way ahead of time. I want to know how I'm going to be tied and what they 
are going to use on me. 

Some kind of warm-up of the body with the whip is really nice. Beth's not
good at warm-ups, however. The one chink in her armor. She goes over the 
top. The idea that a girl's skin is soft and sensitive and you have build 
up in intensity never sunk in. It's a good thing she's straight because if
she were gay she'd be a lousy lover. Of course once we got past the first 
seven of us it mattered less if she beat the crap out of a girl. A steady 
pace helps and I want to know where and when the next blow is coming so I 
can ready my body and screw up my courage. Once I'm about there I want a
bit more intensity. Ending with the boobs like we did wasn't so good be-
cause we used a lighter whip and I think even Beth laid off our tits. 

Body position is important for me. I really get off on being tied to the
four corners of a bed. I sometimes think it's because the first time I was
seriously whipped I was bound nude, face down, to the four corners of my
own bed. The occasion was a birthday whipping. With my body in direct con-
tact with the bed during the whole thing I was in complete control of my
reactions and I think the memory of that occasion, being nude, being help-
less, the feel of the ropes, the sting of the whip on my bare body, being
left lying there, still bound, still naked, afterward till my sister found
me, were permanently imprinted on my body and my mind.

As time went on I was really tuned into being spreadeagled and bound, but al-
ways face up. It didn't matter whether I was tied to a bed, the picnic table
on the porch at camp or staked out on the ground. I just needed to know all 
of me was visible and available, regardless of the purpose for which I was
tied. Whipping, tickle torture, stretching on the rack, getting felt up. I 
wanted to be completely helpless. Later, when I started getting myself laid
on a regular basis, being tied to the bed was my favorite way. For a whip-
ping I wanted to be tied standing up. That way both the front of me and the
back of me was available. I needed to be tied tight enough so there was no 
chance of escape and no chance of a rescue. Sometimes when the boys whipped 
one of us girls they would tie up the other girls so they could not intefere.

Whatever we did it helped if the torturer was a sadie-mae type like an ex-
boyfriend or my youngest brother Ryan. It helped to be slowly stripped, slow-
ly bound and slowly felt up before hand. I liked it better when there was 
at least one person there who had never see me nude. It was even better if 
I knew I would see that person again when I was clothed and he would share 
the secret of what I looked like naked. Or someone I had dated and would 
never date again or someone I would never date period. So they would see my
naked body and know they would never get to enjoy all the pleasures it could
provide.  

So The Wenches were established and continue today. We still all live North
of Boston. We are all married except for RaeAnn which surprises me since she
has tits as big as my head and can really cook. Over the years we have had 
about a dozen people attempt the initiation. Only four passed, one of whom
was my sister Molly who I'm sure caught a break from Bethany. I must admit
it was different watching my youngest sister stripped naked and whipped. 
She behaved splendidly though and has an equally splendid behind, just made 
for the whip. And both she and Robin inherited Mummy's splendid rack. I got
about a half share.  






