Educating at Home
bybangopee(C)
Shweta was one among those several parents who had queued up before the correspondent's room. The final results for admissions to +2 have been just put up on the notice board and her worst fears have come true. She couldn't find the name of Rakesh, her only son's name anywhere. Rakesh had been studying in the same school from childhood and his lackluster showing in the 10th standard meant that he might not be allowed to continue in the prestigious school. 

Shweta knew that she had an uphill task ahead. Rakesh had ignored her numerous cautions all through, paying very little attention to his studies. She heaved a helpless sigh realizing that her son's omission from the final list could well be the final nail on the coffin. Although she was enraged at her son's irresponsible behavior, she began worrying about his future.

"Mrs.Shweta Nair!" called the attendant. 

Shweta hurried inside the correspondent's room. Her eyes were moist as she took the seat watching Professor Aravind, the correspondent on the other side of the table.

"Rakesh Nair," The correspondent flipped through the papers and pulled out the mark sheet from a bunch of papers. Shweta's heart was pounding very fast as she kept looking at him.

"I am really sorry to say this," Professor Aravind shrugged his shoulders. "How do you expect me to admit a student who isn't clever enough to score cent per cent in mathematics? Look at his aggregate! It is not even seventy five percent. I can't do injustice to other deserving students by admitting your son."

"Please Sir," Shweta began folding her hands together. "His future is at stake. He is our only son."

Professor Aravind looked up and immediately lowered his head again.

"Where is your husband?" He asked as he rushed through the mark sheets again.

"He is working in Sharjah," Shweta's voice was beginning to break. "He is toiling there to bring up our only son."

"I understand," Professor Aravind nodded his head sympathetically. "But, I am helpless. I do have a veto in admissions but I am afraid your son is not a deserving case."

"Please don't say so," Shweta was in tears. "We have a lot of dreams about him. If you decline, his studies for all practical purposes might come to an end. He will be devastated. I am willing to do anything to get him admitted here."

Professor Aravind looked up again and smiled. 

"Now, what do you exactly mean by that?" He asked with a cruel smile on his face. "I hope you do know that we never collect capitation fee or donations from students. We don't entertain high-level recommendations either. Is there anything else you can do?"

"I am afraid not," Shweta bowed her head in disappointment. "I said so because I am very anxious."

"I do understand Mrs.Nair," Professor Aravind smiled again. "I think you still have a chance."

"Thank God," Shweta exclaimed. "Please tell me Sir."

"Will you please come and sit here?" Professor Aravind gave a gentle thud on the table.

"Sir?" Shweta looked shell-shocked.

"Don't waste your time," Professor Aravind smiled again. "You know there are lot more parents waiting outside. If you don't want to be left behind, better do what I say."

It took a few seconds for Shweta to realize that Professor Aravind was serious. She knew that she didn't have many options as she was running out of time. Above all, Rakesh's future was at stake and she had to do anything to secure his future.

"But...this is school," She whimpered. 

"Don't worry Mrs.Nair," Professor Aravind whispered. "Nobody dares to come before I press the call button."

Shweta stood up like a robot and walked towards his left. She hesitantly sat on the edge of the table and looked at Professor Aravind somewhat puzzled.

"What is your bra size, Mrs.Nair?" Professor Aravind asked as his hands fell on her thighs.

Shweta felt a shiver as she felt a man touching her after quite a while. 

"36 D" She answered without revealing any emotions.

"I thought so," Professor Aravind said. His right hand quickly held the edge of her saree and began sliding it gently. His eyes gazed the spot where her nipples were thrusting against the blouse.

"O.K, Mrs.Nair," Professor Aravind said with a smile. "You may go now."

"What?" Shweta sounded puzzled. "What about the admission?"

"I will take your address from the application," Professor Aravind said. "I will be there at 2 pm."

"Today?" Shweta was almost dumbfounded. 

"Yes, today," Professor Aravind asserted. "If you make me happy, I will see your son through."

"Is that a deal?" Shweta persisted.

"Indeed it is," Professor Aravind said and showed her the door. 

Shweta was perspiring as she got out of the correspondent's chambers. She felt like walking in the air as she repeatedly thought about what she was about to do for the sake of her son. She began reconciling herself to the fact that she didn't have any way out of the desperate situation.

"Hi mom," Rakesh rushed towards Shweta as she entered the compound. "What happened?"

"Rakesh, how can you be so irresponsible?" Shweta screamed at him. "I have been running from one school to another for your admission. Aren't you ashamed, playing cricket all the time?"

"Take it easy, mom," Rakesh said with his usual recklessness. "Don't shout on the street."

Shweta watched her son turn his back and resume playing cricket with his friends. She fumed with anger and desperation. She realized that her son should get serious about his studies, career and his future. Suddenly, she decided to teach her son a fitting lesson, the one he would never forget for the rest of his life.

Shweta kept keeping an eye on the wall clock till it was 1:45 PM. She went to the balcony and called out Rakesh who was happily playing cricket. Luckily, Rakesh came up immediately which was quite unusual.

"Oh mom," Rakesh murmured. "What is the matter?"

"You better be at home," Shweta told him. "Professor Aravind is expected any moment."

"Professor Aravind?" Rakesh couldn't believe what he just heard. "What for?"

"He wanted to talk to us. Anyway, you don't want to leave the school I suppose. Do you?" She queried looking deep into his eyes.

"Of course not," Rakesh replied and rushed to his room.

Professor Aravind reached at the stroke of two. He was now dressed in a colorful T-shirt and jeans. He rushed inside the sitting room the moment Shweta opened the doors. He waited for her to close the door and latch it from inside. He was about to pounce on her that Shweta cautioned him.

"Wait a minute," Shweta whispered. "Rakesh is at home."

Professor Aravind immediately got nervous. 

"Why?" He fumed. "Are you trying to play games with me?"

"Certainly not," Shweta assured. "We need to play a game with Rakesh. He needs to know what is life and how difficult it is to get educated."

The next few minutes Shweta briefly deliberated her plan with Professor Aravind. Once they were through, Shweta called Rakesh who was upstairs. 

Shweta felt a bit odd as her son came down the stairs unaware of what was in store for him. He greeted Professor Aravind with unusual politeness and stood with folded hands. 

"Rakesh, your mother wants me to admit you in the school," Professor Aravind said with a smile. "But, you know pretty well that you don't deserve this."

"No," Shweta interrupted Professor Aravind. "I can assure you. He will behave responsibly from now onwards."

Rakesh began watching his mother plead with his correspondent who vehemently kept refusing all the time. His eyes glistened in tears as he watched his mother fall at Professor Aravind's feet. He began to feel the prick of guilt about his utter recklessness in his studies. He felt humiliated to see his mother's repeated pleas being ignored by Professor Aravind. However, he didn't speak anything as he realized that his mother was fighting for his own future. As minutes ticked past, streams of tears began flowing through his cheeks.

"If you are so particular about this, you need to do something more than simply pleading with me," Professor Aravind finally struck the nail on its head. 

"I will do anything for the sake of my son's education," Shweta said in a hurry.

"You are such a gorgeous woman Mrs.Nair," Professor Aravind stood up and pulled Shweta closer to him. "Why don't you please me on the bed? I am a widower and starving for quite sometime now."

"Bastard!" Rakesh couldn't stand anymore as he pounced on his correspondent. 

"Behave yourself Rakesh," Shweta began pushing her son from Professor Aravind. "I am ready to do anything for you."

"No!" Rakesh screamed. "Please don't do it. Please."

"If she doesn't, that is the end of your studies," Professor Aravind roared. "You have to spend the rest of your life begging."

"For God's sake please don't say that," Shweta pleaded again. "He is a little boy. Don't take him seriously. Take me Sir. I am willing to do anything you want."

"That is better," Professor Aravind said with a smile. "Now, show me your bedroom."

"I will kill you," Rakesh jumped at Professor Aravind yet again. 

Professor Aravind was quick and strong enough to overpower the little boy. Holding Rakesh by his throat, he began pulling Shweta's sari in a rage. Within seconds, Shweta stood in just the blouse and petticoat. Professor Aravind pushed Rakesh onto a nearby chair and tied him up with Shweta's sari. Before Rakesh could scream, a handkerchief was thrust inside his mouth. 

"I thought of enjoying your mother in the bedroom," Professor Aravind said laughingly. 'But, now I am going to fuck her right in front of you."

"No!" Shweta screamed.

Shweta looked frozen in fear seeing the determination in Professor Aravind's eyes. 

"Sir," Shweta began pleading all over again. "This wasn't a part of our plan. I can't do this in front of my own son. Please!"

"Fuck it," Professor Aravind said laughingly. "This has been one of my fantasies. I have dreamt of fucking some attractive woman like you in front of her husband or son. I can't let this chance go now."

A shocked Shweta began shaking her head in dismay before she went on her knees.

"Don't waste time Mrs.Nair," Professor Aravind roared. "Get on with it. Take off your clothes."

Shweta turned around and watched Rakesh struggling to get free from the chair. His eyes were almost bulging desperately. She slowly began undoing her blouse hooks and bra. She stood motionless for a moment before Professor Aravind urged her to get rid of her petticoat as well. Finally she stood naked fearing what would follow next.

"Wow," Professor Aravind admired. "Your husband is really unlucky. He must be missing those wonderful tits."

"Oh Sir," Shweta whimpered. "This is so disgusting."

"I don't think so," Professor Aravind laughed again. "Let us give your son a free show."

Shweta's head lowered as she watched him take off his clothes. Her body quivered realizing that she was standing nude with another nude man in front of her own son.

"Now," Professor Aravind ordered. "Suck my dick."

Tears began flowing through her cheeks as Shweta began following his instructions. She began rather unwillingly sucking his dick wishing that he would get excited and climax soon. She wasn't willing for things getting worse than that. Professor Aravind began gyrating his hips against her mouth sending the whole of his long dick into her throat. Shweta couldn't resist a gentle groan as her tongue began lashing at his huge head. 

"That's wonderful," Professor Aravind smirked. 

Shweta went about sucking his dick even faster, holding and rubbing his balls in the process. She somehow managed to excite him as he soon exploded into her throat. She strived hard gulping the loads of cum that splashed inside her mouth.

"Keep licking until I am upright again," Professor Aravind ordered.

Rakesh decided to close his eyes as he couldn't watch his mother licking and arousing Professor Aravind's dick all over again. 

"I have heard Malabar women are experts in pealing coconuts," Professor Aravind said. "Now, show me how good are you in riding on the dick."

Professor Aravind spat on the sofa with his legs spread wide apart. As she mounted on his dick, he grabbed her breasts and began squeezing them. He pinched and tweaked her nipples making her scream.

"Scream aloud," Professor Aravind screamed.

Professor Aravind was ripping into her breasts, slapping and kneading them. 

The continuous slapping sound of their flesh made Rakesh open his eyes. There was still that element of shame and disgust in his eyes but he couldn't conceal the gentle curiosity that was creeping inside. He watched his mother jumping on his correspondent's dick like mad letting her hair sway in the air. She was groaning aloud as Professor Aravind's eight inch meat was pounding her pussy like a power drill. He repeatedly slammed her ass cheeks while she slowed down a bit urging her to get faster and harder in her jumps. He leaned towards her breasts and began suckling her nipples with lust and passion. His hands kept mauling her flesh all the time. 

Shweta, much to the surprise of Rakesh never looked like resisting him. While Professor Anand kept lifting and flipping in several positions, she never said 'No' even once. Rakesh watched mutely as his correspondent began fucking Shweta in doggy style after a prolonged riding session. Sure enough, it never looked like sex with mutual consent although Shweta never showed any signs of reluctance all through. 

Professor Aravind kept changing her positions every now and then. His hands and fingers kept teasing her. Rakesh felt a chill as he watched his correspondent probing Shweta's pussy by inserting two fingers together. He watched his mother getting finger fucked to a tremendous orgasm. His eyes began swelling as Professor Aravind made Shweta stretch on the floor with her legs lifted in the air giving him the access to eat her pussy with utter delight. The helpless son kept watching his mother climaxing to successive orgasms and moaning in sexual agony.

It was the worst humiliation Rakesh had ever experienced so far. His heads bowed in shame regretting for his indifference to studies that has led to such a helpless situation. He sat helplessly watching his mother being ravaged by his horny correspondent. He began hoping that the ordeal should end soon. 

And it did finally. Professor Aravind began pounding Shweta's pussy with his huge meat making her cry in agony. The whole room was filled with their bodies slapping against each other. Professor Aravind was mercilessly manipulating her breasts and nipples making her scream in pain occasionally. He himself was groaning uncontrollably as it looked as though he was about to explode into Shweta's waiting cunt. 

Rakesh cursed himself as he watched both of them approaching their climaxes. He looked up and watched his mother pulling Professor Aravind on her body and kissing him on his lips with passion. They kept heaving heavily for a while for a few minutes before they eventually got up and began dressing themselves.

"What an experience!" Professor Aravind hugged Shweta just before he was about to move out. "I have to sympathetically consider your son's admission now. Don't worry about his quarterly fees. After all, I have found out a way to help you in every way possible."

Rakesh could hear Professor Aravind's pulsar roaring out of the compound. Shweta walked towards her son and undid the sari that was holding him to the chair. 

"Rakesh," Shweta said regretfully. "I hope you realize how difficult it is educating children."

Rakesh looked up at his mother. His eyes were full of tears and gratitude.