*

Cam sits in his office and stares at the phone before dialing a number he has memorized by now.

Betty answers on the third ring. She sounds rushed. "Sol's Diner."

"Hey, Betty, this is Cam Mitchell. Vala's not gonna make it in for her night shift."

"What? That little hussy- you kidnap her or something, honey? Because I gotta say, you picked a bad time. Got a little league game going at six o'clock just across the street at the park, so I think you better just bring her on back."

He would laugh if he weren't so miserable right now. "We're... out of town. Got held up. Sorry, but there won't be any way she'll make it in. Probably not tomorrow, either."

He can't bring himself to say that there's an even better chance that she'll never be back. It's almost as if part of him is still hoping that somehow it'll all turn out to be a mistake and things can go back to how they were.

Betty has a few more choice words for him, along with a few names for him, and then says, "Truckload just walked in. Tell that lady her ass is on the line. She'll be lucky to have a job at all after pulling this."

She hangs up on him.

*

Daniel is buried, quite literally, up to his head in textbooks as he continues work on his translations of P42-676. He's so close to completing what the ruins say, he can almost feel it. He is so engulfed in his work, he never hears Cam come in until the man is running a hand in front of his face.

"Woah, woah--hey, Mitchell," Daniel says, jumping back and blinking up at Cam. "Didn't hear you come in."

"Yeah, you got a minute?" Cam doesn't wait for Daniel to answer, just walks in and takes a seat across the table from him. "I want to talk about Vala."

Daniel raises an eyebrow but nods. "What about Vala?" He asks.

"I need to know about her," Cam says. "You seem to... know her."

Cam's read that mission report, and knows how full of holes it is. Everything ended all right, and Daniel has a lot of leeway with keeping some of his secrets, so it hadn't surprised Cam at the time. Now, he wants to hear the full story.

"You've been dating her, I'm sure you know more about her than I do." Daniel shrugs and leans a hip against his counter. "I just met her for a few hours, you saw the report right? She got on board the ship and beamed everyone else out while in a super soldier suit."

"Yeah, and I know how much you left out. Her name wasn't even in the report. I know you knew her name." Cam's voice is bordering on accusatory.

Daniel has the decency to flush a bit and look away from Cam's face. "I knew her name but I didn't feel she was a threat to the SGC," he tries to say.

"Funny, I've seen a whole lot of reports come across with names of people that weren't really threats..." Cam sees the sudden discomfort in Daniel's manner and the suspicion grows. It isn't the information he came here to find, but he can't help but ask. "Did something else happen there?"

Daniel sighs and rubs his hands over his face. "Its just," he starts, sighing again. "She's annoying, she steals, she ... misrepresents herself, she lies but... she's not a bad person. After running into bad people so often with SG-1 all I can say is that she just wasn't. I didn't feel it necessary for the SGC to know who she was." He shrugs again, feeling a bit awkward now.

Daniel hasn't answered his question, but Cam doesn't think he wants to know the answer anymore. He gets up, muttering a thanks as he leaves the room.

*

Ba'al relaxes in his rather modified quarters. His feet are up on propped up on an ottoman and he has a rather large television playing something french in front of him. In his hand is something dark red and incredibly alcoholic.

Cam spends a couple of hours in his office before he has to go collect Ba'al for the meeting they had planned with Sam.

He's not sure what's going on with Vala, except the Landry's apparently been caught up with other matters. He's sure she's going crazy locked in those quarters but he can't quite bring himself to go see her again, either.

He knocks on Ba'als door, but doesn't wait for permission before pushing it open. "Come on, we need to go meet Carter."

Ba'al swirls the wine in his glass before taking another sip. "Meeting with Carter still then? I would have figured things would be pushed back, with our newest guest arriving here earlier today."

He smiles and finally sets the glass down on a table next to him. "She's lovely isn't she, Que'tesh?" He gives Cam a grin and moves over to him. "And such a feisty spirit. I wish I had known she was in town."

"She's not Quetesh," Cam snaps back.

That much Dr. Lam had verified very quickly.

"Mm, yes I suppose not entirely," Ba'al concedes as he falls into step with Cam. He's still smirking as he talks. "But still. Quite the spirit, that hasn't changed at all."

Cam says nothing to Ba'al. He doesn't feel kindly toward the Goa'uld at the best of times, and despite the common enemy they're fighting here, now is no exception.

"I wonder if she still does that thing with her tongue..." Ba'al continues, knowing that he is baiting Cam now. He leans forward, looking at Cam as earnestly as he knows how. "Does she? With the tongue curling? I always liked that part."

It makes Cam a little bit sick that he does know exactly what Ba'al is talking about. He stops walking abruptly, though Ba'al carries on a few steps without him before pivoting neatly.

"Go on. You know the way." Cam turns and walks away without looking back.

Ba'al turns to watch Cam leave, tsking to himself. He does indeed know the way but he prefers to go a different way.

The guards outside Vala's cell are wary, but they let him in, letting them know that they will be keeping a close eye on him.

"Of course," he assures them, smiling easily. He slips in the opened door and steeples his fingers as he looks over to Vala laying on the cot at the far end of the room. "Ah, Que'tesh. I really didn't expect to see you here. On Earth or in the SGC."

"I am not Que'tesh," Vala says again, her eyes tracking Ba'al's movements.

Ba'al ignores her easily. He glances around the room, easily spotting the hidden camera and listening devices. He plucks them down, and then turns the camera backwards before addressing her again. "That's taken care of. Now, care to tell me what you're really here for?"

She gives him a look. "I'm here for a way home. You think I would tell you if I had any other alternatives? Did Cameron's interview not go well so they figured that you would work?"

"Interview?" Ba'al laughs. "Darling, believe me, you haven't been interviewed yet. If MItchell came here, it was of his own accord. Though, clearly it didn't go well, as he was licking his wounds the last time I saw him..."

Her ears perk up at that. "You saw him? When? Just now?" She is starving for information on Cam; she wants to know how he's doing and what he thinks and if he's just going to ignore her now.

"Yes, in the hallway just now," Ba'al says. He takes note of Vala's earnest interest, and more specifically how she doesn't even attempt to hide it. "My dear Que'tesh, please tell me that you haven't actually let one of the Tau'ri get under your skin?"

She glares over at Ba'al. "Like you're one to talk. What are you, their whipping boy?" She stands and begins to actually move over to him. "What, did the rest of the system lords turn on you and you had to run here? Strike a deal to keep from losing whatever little it is that you have left?"

"I'm adaptable; that's why I'll outlast all of our little playmates... the Tauri fight my battles for me, and who am I to stop them? It's no different from utilizing dimwitted Jaffa." Ba'al shrugs, unbothered by her accusations. "But, I certainly don't develop emotional attachments to them."

"But you give them information? Tell them how the gou'ald work? You must have given them a lot of information for them to let you off a leash like this."

Ba'al makes a tsk'ing noise under his breath. "You're really not Quetesh anymore, are you? Shame."

Vala snorts. "No. I'm not. Glad you've finally picked up on that. You always were the slower one."

Ba'al shrugs. "Well, I'm afraid you're of no interest to me, then."

He barely spares her a condescending smile before walking out of the room.

Vala watches him walk out of the room before throwing her hands up in the air. She's still stuck in her room and she still has no idea what's going on with Cam or, to a greater extent, with her.

*

Cam doesn't even consider going back to his apartment, not when he knows that everything will remind him of Vala. He tosses and turns in his base quarters and is up going for a run down the halls by seven am. His stomach feels tight and empty at the same time, but he forces himself to shovel down enough food to keep him going.

After he showers, he heads to his office. Daniel's waiting just outside and there's a brief conversation in which he does little more than play glorified messenger before walking away.

Sighing, Cam doesn't even bother to unlock his office door, just turns and walks toward Vala's quarters. He hesitates again outside of the door, but then has the guard unlock it for him. This time, he knocks first, though.

Vala is still laying on the cot when Cam comes in. She's had a terrible night, the cot is terrible for her back and she wasn't able to sleep at all.

"I need a better pillow," is the first thing she says when Cam walks in. "Well, when am I getting out then?"

Cam ignores her request. "Jackson said you wanted to talk to me?"

Vala pauses as she sits on the edge of the cot. "So, when will I be busted out of here then?" She asks, standing up and moving over to him.

"Vala, what part of any of this makes you think I'd be willing to help you right now?" He stands stiffly, but doesn't back away. "You lied to me, you used me, and now you just act like you bat your lashes and I run to your rescue?"

"I used you?" Vala replies, raising her eyebrows at him. "Explain to me how that happened." She leans against the desk and looks straight at Cam. "Because from where I'm standing I never used you. And I lied about being an alien... You'd think you'd be willing to overlook that one."

"So your only crime is not being born here. Less than a year ago you stole one of our ships, kidnapped one of our men, relocated the rest of the crew... and then came here for... what did you come here for, actually?" Cam's temper rises. "You come here, lie about who you are, lie to me after you know that I work here, then break into our base to steal whatever supplies you need so you can leave. You don't see anything about any of that that might make me distrust you a little bit?"

"I lied to you about being an alien," Vala says back to Cam. "Can you blame me for that? Considering what some of the people on this planet do to aliens, I didn't think it was a bad thing to keep that a secret. As for you working here, no. I had no idea you worked here," she continues, throwing her hands out to indicate where they were.

"I knew you worked in Cheyenne Mountain but I had no idea you had any thing at all to do with a chapp'ai. I didn't keep lying to you about who I was, if I had known you worked here? I wouldn't have been so upset trying to tell you who I was."

She pushes off of the desk and moves closer to Cam, wanting him to understand that she didn't do any of this meaning to hurt him.

He shakes his head, not sure what to believe, still. "Vala, this is just... I don't have any idea what they're planning on doing with you, and right now my word with General Landry isn't gonna mean a whole hell of a lot since everyone knows we've been dating, anyway. So if you're looking at someone to bust you out, maybe you're barking up the wrong tree. I'm sure Jackson or Ba'al would be more than willing to help you out."

There's a tinge of bitterness to his voice that he can't entirely mask, considering what he's heard from both of them.

Vala pauses as she sits on the edge of her cot before turning her head to smile slightly at him. "You don't look well," she observes, letting her eyes look down over his body. "Has the general decided when I will be allowed to leave this cell yet?"

"Yeah, had a rough night, go figure," Cam mutters. He risks a closer look at her. "I could say the same about you. I don't know what Landry's decided. Probably nothing, yet. Had a bigger fish to fry yesterday evening."

"Bigger than me? Suppose I should feel insulted." She shrugs and stands, moving over closer to him. "So, if I'm not getting out any time soon could you... Go and talk to Sal and Betty for me? Make something up about some family member out of town that needed me immediately or something? I don't want them to think I just abandoned them." She grimaces, realising how her disappearance must look to both of them. She feels bad as the two of them are as close as she has to family on this planet.

"I already did," Cam says. "Gave Betty a call yesterday and said you'd be out for a while, personal matters."

Her eyes flick up to his face and she nodded. "Good. Thank you." She offers him a small smile before moving to lean against the edge of the desk.

"Why do you have Ba'al roaming around your base?" She asks, her face screwing up at that. "You realise who he is don't you?"

"Trust me, we know," Cam says. "But right now, the Ori are kicking our asses and we need allies."

"And you went with... him?" Vala raises an eyebrow and shakes her head. She's seen up close what Ba'al is capable of and she worries for Cam. "Don't underestimate him. Whatever you think he may be up to, double it."

"He's as good as powerless right now," Cam explains. "His armies are gone. We defeated them. We defeated most of the Goa'uld out there, and the ones left are running scared. Ba'al needed refuge and made us the right kind of offer."

"What did he offer you?" She asks him, curious what Ba'al was willing to trade to the Taur'i for protection from them. For him to be able to do that, it would be swallowing a sizeable chunk of his ego.

"Vala..." Cam shakes his head. "I can't say. It's still classified."

Vala nods, accepting that for the time being. She is worried about Ba'al on base and more specifically what might happen to Cam with Ba'al loose on base, but she isn't going to bring that up just yet. She files it away as something to bring up later.

"So," she starts, hoisting herself up to sit on the desk, looking almost eye to eye with Cam as they talk. "Don't know what the general is going to do with me yet, huh?" She tries for lighthearted and joking, something to break the tension she can feel between them, so thick its like fog.

"No," Cam says, leaning against the door still. "Which makes it a clean sweep, I don't have any idea what's going on across the board."
"Oh." Vala sighs, slumping a bit. "Do you think you could swing convincing the general to get me a book? Some sort of reading material? I'm going spare in here by myself with only the occasional airman to talk to and really, they aren't any good at conversation." She sighs and looks longingly at Cam.

"How are you?" She's starved for conversation, actual conversation and she is desperate to know how he's doing.

He laughs a little and shakes his head. "My girlfriend is actually a space pirate that had one foot out the door the whole time. My life ain't exactly peachy right now."

Vala gives Cam a slightly pained expression. "I never had one foot out the door. If anything... I was holding it open so I could grab you and take you with me." She gives Cam a wistful smile. "I had imagined how excited you would be when I showed you the stars. I figured anyone that liked flying like you and things that went fast would love my ship. I never really ever thought maybe you'd seen it already."

That smile gets to him, makes him remember why he feels the way he does.

"I started this job the same week I walked into the diner for the first time. I'm pretty new to this whole thing. Lots of ships I haven't flown before."

She looks at Cam and grins.

"Its not a large ship but its suitable. A modified cargo ship that can take you anywhere you want to go in the galaxy." She sighs, this time a happy one. "It died while I was escaping from some people who wanted me dead. They hit the naquadah core on the side of my ship, knocked out the power steering. I had just enough naquadah to do a jump through hyperspace but it wasn't very precise, the crystals were gone and my calculations were off. I bounced too close to a supernova and I ended up in this section of the galaxy. I hadn't meant to come to the Taur'i homeworld but, I needed a place to hide and I didn't have much further I could go. I was able to keep my ship shielded long enough to get through the atmosphere but I admit, the final decent wasn't pretty. I crashed in a field somewhere in Texas. I think."

He watches her talk and the things she's saying make perfect sense to him, but still not that it's Vala saying it. She's not at all the person he's been getting to know the past few months. It feels like a stranger is sitting there in front of him, and he hates it.

"Well, chances are once they've proven to themselves you aren't a threat, they'll let you go," Cam says. "We're not big on keeping prisoners."

"Really? That's good." Vala nods to herself, feeling a bit better. "Then what?"

He shrugs. "You go back to living your life."

"Yeah but what about you. For the past few months you've been my life."

"Vala, that wasn't your life," Cam says, crossing his arms over his chest defensively. "You're not a waitress at a diner in Colorado, and that's who I was dating."

"I was too a waitress," Vala insists. "I mean, I may not have been as good as Betty but that didn't mean I didn't do the job. I even learned the lingo!" She still is quite proud of herself for learning all of Sal's complicated phrases for everything.

"That may not be all I am but that doesn't mean I wasn't a waitress and that I didn't live here."

He shrugs. "Fine. Whatever. I'm happy for you. But I'm a Colonel in the United States Air Force, a member of Stargate Command, and leader of SG-1. That's my life."

Vala's spirits were starting to plummet at Cam's nonchalant attitude but she pushes on, hoping for it to get better. "Well, good to finally meet you as well. I'm on the run from men who wish to execute me and am currently living in Colorado as a waitress."

She's feeling confused and a bit hopeful. She meant what she said to Cam the night before, she had tried to tell him about herself a few times but had always been interrupted. She had even gone ahead and planned a special evening this weekend for the two of them once her ship was finally working and flight ready.

Cam suddenly wants to be anywhere but in here talking to her. "Look, why don't I get Jackson to come talk to you. I don't even know why you wanted to see me."

"I don't want to talk to Daniel. I want to talk to you," she insists. She jumps up from her spot on the desk and moves over to Cam, putting her hand on the door to stop him from leaving.

"What about?" He snaps. "You've explained yourself. I get why you did what you did. Doesn't make it any easier for me to deal with."

"Look," she says maneuvering herself so she is back in front of him again. "I'm sorry that I wasn't able to tell you about myself. And I'm really sorry you found out this way." She moves again so she can try to see Cam's face, hoping to see what he's thinking.

He sighs. "Well, I'm sorry, too, but I don't know how it makes anything better."

Vala's hand falls from where she's holding the doorknob. She can feel a sharp, sudden pain in her chest and it hurts.

Her face flushes slightly and she has to break her gaze with Cam. "I'm sorry I hurt you Cam," she says quietly, moving away from the door to let him leave. She wants to tell him how much she's sorry and how much she.... cares for him but she doubts he'd want to hear that now.

She's not blocking his exit anymore but he still makes no move to leave. He lifts his hands up to his face and rubs his eyes. "Vala, I have no idea what to do here."

"Well I don't either," she says, turning back to him. "You're about the first person that I really cared what you thought about me. Now there is this and it wasn't supposed to go this way, but it did and now everything is all in pieces on the floor and I have hell of an idea of what I need to do to piece it all back together again."

Her voice gets higher as she speaks, growing strained with all the restrained emotion she is holding back.

"Shit, Vala." He shakes his head. "The past few months have been the... it was... I've never met anyone like you, and I guess this explains why."

She gives him a lopsided, half-smirk as she leans against the wall, using it to help prop herself up. "Cam--" she starts, trying to think of the right words for what she wants to say, but unable to come up with them.

There's a knock on the door and a somewhat nervous looking junior officer steps in. "Uh, Colonel Mitchell, sir, I'm sorry to interrupt, but General Landry's sent for Miss Mal Doran."

"Now?" Vala groans and drops her head. "We're kind of in the middle of a very important conversation here," Vala informs the officer. "Tell the general that I will be there when I'm done here."

The officer looks at Cam, who actually for a moment considers just nodding.

But, he can't. "Vala, we can finish this later. Right now, doing what the General wants is the fastest way to get you out of here."

Vala sighs. "Very well. But we're not done," she says to Cam. She looks at him, waiting for him to meet her eyes before she gives him a small smile. She's not going to leave this base without figuring something out with him.

"Alright then... Carey, take me to your leader." She gives the young, timid officer a huge smile.