Dancing in a Sliver Skirt

I recently bought a sliver skirt. A very short red plaid job that is
8 inches from waist to hem! This skirt just barely covers me and my
butt cheeks peek out from the bottom.

As revealing as this skirt was, I modified it by cutting and hemming
an inch and a half from the front. I need to use a button extender
on the waist button to get the skirt low enough on my hips to cover
my pussy. With just 6 and a half inches of skirt in the front, it's
very hard to position it to cover me without showing my pussy either
at the top or bottom. And, it's really obvious that I shave my
pubic hair when I'm wearing this! I wanted a very dangerous skirt
and this is it!!!

So, I wore this skirt with a white tube top, black thigh-highs and 6
inch heels to go dancing with my friend Katie. I love the look of a
really short skirt with thigh-highs and 6-8 inches of skin between
the skirt hem and the stocking tops! Katie knows I'm a bit of a
slut and has seen me in some revealing outfits but she was shocked
at this one. She saw the trouble I was having keeping this skirt on
my hips and just laughed her ass off at me for wearing it to go
dancing. She commented that it was sure to hit the floor at some
point in the night. She kept calling me a slut all night, too. I
felt like a slut and I really looked like one.

I agreed that the skirt was going to hit the floor and told her I
was on a dare and that I needed to have the skirt do just that 3
times during the night. As it turned out it would be way more than
3 times.

After just a few minutes in this skirt it became obvious that it was
going to need constant attention. If I ignored it and took just a
few steps it showed a lot!

We went to the club with Katie laughing at me the whole way. At the
door I had to show ID. While I had my purse in one hand and my
license in the other she tugged at the skirt and it dropped to my
shoes! Before we even got into the place I was seen naked from the
the waist by a dozen people! Worse, I had to put the purse down to
get the skirt up. It took about 15 very long seconds to get the
skirt up and adjusted and then I had to bend over to get my purse
off the floor. I was putting on quite a show!

We danced and the skirt dropped a lot. If I wasn't holding it up it
would fall. I couldn't dance much but it didn't matter. There was
no way I could sit in this skirt without being on display so I
didn't need to dance to flash the place.

I got lots of attention and free drinks. I talked with a dozen
guys, none of which could tell you the color of my eyes <LOL>.

I've ordered a few more sliver skirts but I don't think I'll cut
them short like I did this one. I have learned though that if I
want to get laid, this is a great skirt to wear to the club <LOL>

Anyone else ever post here?

Kimmy


Yeah, I've done stuff like that by shortening a short skirt, and the
guys just love it when I have to keep adjusting it to keep iot in
place, like it actually emphasises the sexiness if you can actually
keep it in place but strugglingto do so. I guess it's that sense of
anticipation that guys go ape over in the hope that it happens more
than when it actually does. I usually wear skirts that short which
are fairly tight and stretchy so that they do stay on more, but
always look as if they are about to fall down.

Same thing with strapless tube tops, I tighten them enough but not
too much so that the tops of the aureoles of the nipples peek up over
the top, but never actually have to full nipple up over the top, and
I make a big fuss about having to adjust it back up to just over them
when I fake a surprise that I can see the tops slipping down. Not an
angry fuss, but a carefree fuss, I'm not interested in making guys
think I'm a "fuddy-duddy", but a way of fussing to tease them to
kingdom cum to drool over the hope that it will all fall off. I once
had a guy creaming in his pants over me dancing with him at a club
without ever totally exposing full nipples or pussy or even grinding
him with my body on him, just from his losing control by his visual
anticipation of what he hoped would happen!

So,
don't say "worse", but "great, fantastic"

Low Riser


I know teasing guys with revealing clothes that don't ever show the
parts they want to see can be fun but that's not what I generally do.

I like the guys to know when they see my outfits that something is
going to show. In a micro mini, you just can't keep everything
covered while you sit, cross your legs, dance, etc. No matter how
much attention you pay to the skirt, at some point, observant people
are going to see what its supposed to be covering.

I like to have lots of people waiting for that glimpse and then make
sure they get more than a glimpse!

I love showing off in a bar and flirting with every guy that comes
on to me. I love when 4 or 5 guys are trying to take me home. My
dress and my attitude make it plain that one of them IS going to
take me home and the competition is fun to watch <LOL>

The other night a guy asked if he could buy me a drink. I told him
I would have one drink but that I didn't want to get drunk because I
really needed to concentrate on keeping covered in my tiny skirt.
During that drink I let my legs slip open giving him a clear view of
my pussy. He bought my drinks all night <LOL> With each drink I
got more careless with my legs and by the time drink 3 arrived he
was sure he was going to get laid. I ended up going home with
someone else and I'm sure they guy thinks I'm a big tease.

kimmy


If I was pretty enough I would be a stripper! What a great way to
earn a living.

I can't be as overt as a stripper either, of course. Still, if
people are paying attention, there's eventually a peek up a very
short skirt whether the women wants to give it or not. In most
situations I show as much as I can without making it obvious I'm
trying to show off.

Of course, in the clubs there's a lot more I can do by blaming
alcohol :) My friends all know that I have a habit of lifting my
skirt when I'm drunk and that the more I drink the more space you'll
find between my knees! I wonder if thats why they call me slut
kimmy <LOL>

I havent worn any of my sliver skirts outside of the clubs yet.
This coming weekend I think I'm going to wear one to go grocery
shopping and/or a visit to the mall.

kimmy


i get the urge to lift my skirt even when i'm sober. lol

i got into stripping because i went to art school and art schools use
nude models for life drawing, painting and sculptinig classes. the
girls in my clique of tarty females dared each other to apply for the
job and i was the only one who followed through. really it was a long
fantasy of mine to pose nude. i loved being naked in front of the
classes especially since they were my fellow students. i just felt so
powerful being known as the girl whose will to get naked. lol. so
after that i decided i should try dancing in an all-nude club. i
auditioned for the manager in his office and started that night
working two or three nights a week. awesome money especially if you
were popular. i was popular because i'm uninhibited and i also liked
wearing sexy stuff like stockings and garter belts that guys like to
fantasize about. i really loved being on the stage and exposing myself
to all the guys, and some girls too sometimes. but i did it for fun,
some of the girls were drug addicts or prostitutes or had kids to
raise, and that part was sad. i have mixed feelings about it, i'm a
definite exhibitionist and would actually have done it for free just
for the fun of it.

kimmy, why do you think you're not pretty enough to strip? i think you
are. my husband saw your pictures and thought you were hot.

i'm feeling sore and a little unsexy right now. i have a big ace
bandage wrapped around my left ankle and an ice pack on it. i took my
daughter shopping at the mall this morning. she just turned 2 and is
very independent minded like me. lol. i was wearing one of my flouncy
minis and enjoying how the flounce bounces when i walk. stilettos,
just like ariel suggested. ooh i felt like a hottie. we were just
stepping up on the curb and i told my little girl to step up and don't
trip. then i tripped on it. i twisted my ankle and fell and scraped my
left knee. i think i gave anyone behind me a big flash of my bare ass
too. so i told my daughter we were going back home because mommy fell
and hurt herself, so i held her hand and hobbled back to the car. my
doctor's office was nearby so we drove there so he could check it out.
he could tell it wasn't sprained or fractured so he said just stay off
it and put ice on it for a few days. so that's my life for a while. lol

emily


I also get the urge to lift my skirt when I'm sober...and do it
every once in a while just to shock people. I just don't do it
around my friends much.

I love your story about posing nude for art class. I've never done
that and I'm thinking I should check out the local college for
opportunities <LOL>

I've never stripped on stage (at least at a club) but I've stripped
plenty at parties.

I'm flattered that your husband thinks I'm hot but I just don't have
the hard body for stripping. I'm soft and a little flabby. I'm one
of those bitches that look better dressed than naked. If your
husband saw me naked he might not think I was so hot. But tell him
thanks for me, OK?

Sorry to hear about your fall. I hope you're OK. I've faked some
falls in the mall (a great way to call attention to yourself while
you're on the floor with your skirt up and legs spread <LOL>) but
never really fell and hurt myself.

I hope your husband is waiting on you while you recuperate!


kimmy

I too like to tease the men in clubs.However the clubs that I go to
some men will take matters into thier own hands literally and lift my
short skirt on the dance floor.Even on the way to a club at night if
I am out with the girls and not my boyfriend I have had my skirt
lifted by over excited men.I pretened to be really shocked and
embarrassed partly so my friends won't think i'm a slut which I am
not and because the men seem to like this reaction.D


what was unusual when i posed nude at school was that i was a student.
usually the models were local people making some extra money, usually
regulars who did it for years. i was nervous the first time and i
undressed in the back room and wore a robe out to the platform. the
instructor said i could pose draped if i was too nervous but i went
ahead and dropped the robe and stepped up fully nude in front of the
class. what a rush!! after that first time i didn't even disrobe in
the back room, i just walked up to the front of the studio, pulled off
my dress or skirt or top or pants and because i didn't wear undies i
could be completely naked in just a couple seconds. and that also was
my way of letting fellow students know i didn't wear underwear. lol

great for getting dates. ;)

so if you think you'd like it yes, contact the college art department.
you have nothing to lose but your inhibitions.

and maybe you should try an amateur night at a strip club. being sexy
is more about attitude than someone's idea of physical pefection.
think of it as an expression of your sexuality. nakedness is both
vulnerability and power. you expose yourself thinking, look at me,
desire me, fantasize about me, because i willingly display my body to
you. it's a turnon really.

i think it got into me at an early age. my mom says when i started
walking i used to always drop my diapers and run around naked. lol!
and when i was 8 i was in a treehouse with a neighborhood boy the same
age. the poor kid didn't have any sisters and his parents never taught
him that girls were physically different from boys. so we were teasing
each other about a tough kid. he said the kid would punch me, i said
he'd kick him in the butt, then he said the tough kid would kick me in
the penis. i said, i don't have a penis. he said what are you talking
about. i said girls don't have penises and to prove it i had us both
take off our pants and underwear so we could both compare. lol! i was
a sex ed teacher at the age of 8!

emily

I go to a lesbian club where they are pretty tolerant of this
behavior and my skirt gets lifted a lot. A couple of the regulars
like to lift my skirt and check me out whenever they see me. Once I
was walking from the bar to my table with a drink in each hand and 2
chicks lifted my skirt and tucked the hem into the waistband front
and back! I walked back to the table like that until I could put the
drinks down! I got hit on a lot that night <LOL>


<LOL> My mom tells everyone how I used to peel my diaper off and run
around naked all the time. Maybe this stuff is genetic? <LOL>

I think I will call some local colleges and see if they need a nude
model. I did stop by tle local community college and put a card on
the bulletin board saying I'd pose nude for photography students. No
calls yet but its only been a couple days :)

I'm not sure i'm ready for stripping at a club but I'm going to put
on a show for some friends and have them critique me <blush> I'd
have to travel a bit to actually do this on stage, though.
Apparently they dont allow nude dancing in Virginia.

kimmy


Time for a new topic! Heres a little trick I use to show off at a
gas station. I like to pick a busy gas station for this.
When I'm filling my tank I drop the cap and give it a kick under the
car. When I'm done pumping the gas I have to get on my hands and
knees and crawl around on the ground to get the cap.
This is really great when you have a spandex skirt on. I did this
once with a white spandex skirt on. I got grease on both of my hands
while retreiving the cap. When I got back up the skirt was around my
waist! I couldn't just tug it down without getting grease on it so I
had to leave it that way while I walked to the towel dispenser and
wiped my hands. It was awesome!

Theres a station near my apartment that never has paper towels out at
the pumps. I'd have to walk inside with my skirt up if I did it
there. I'm thinking about it! I'd have to walk about 200 feet with
my skirt up.

Anyone else ever try this?


I once read a article in Cosmopolitan where these women participated
in a experiment where by they tucked the hem of thier skirts into the
waist bands of thier pantyhose and walked around the streets to see
the reaction of the people.After reading this I decided to try it out
at the local shopping mall.I came out of the washroom with my short
plaid skirt tucked into my dark hose in the back and continued about
my business.I was followed by alot of men and boys to say the
least.However unlike the Cosmo article no women came to my "rescue"
even when I went into shops they just smiled knowingly or giggled as
I passed by.I even saw the flash of a camera once as I was going up
the escalator.The whole incident really was quite arousing.D


I think this is an understandable reaction. If I saw a woman
walking around in a mall with her skirt tucked into her waistband I
wouldn't tell her...but I would chuckle a bit.

I'd like to try this for myself and see what reaction I get. Of
course, I don't own pantyhose, so it would be my bare ass onb
display. Kinda hard to act like you don't know THATs happening :)

I guess I'll buy some pantyhose before trying this.

kimmy


A few years ago I was taking the commuter train home from work,
and a woman got on and took off her long coat (it was winter and
quite cold), and turned to put it in the overhead rack. She was
wearing a long skirt, and the entire back was tucked into her
pantyhose, from one side to the other, exposing her up to her
waist. She seemed to spend longer than necessary with both arms
above her head putting her coat away, with about 50 people
watching. So much of her skirt was tucked in, and so evenly, I
thought that it couldn't be an accident, and I immediately
wanted to try the same thing, lol!!

I hardly ever wear pantyhose, but you can tuck a skirt make of
light material into the top of knickers, or a thong....

I've always been too shy to do it anyplace so brightly lit, with so
many people, but its very exciting, and looks "accidental". For a
quick "accidental" flash, I let my bag slide down my arm, then
pull it back up, so that it catches the hem of my skirt. One
time I pretended not to notice and walked several blocks with
half my ass in view (I was wearing a thong!).

Sarah



