Entry tags:

fandom: merlin, fic: two weeks notice, genre: angst, genre: au, genre: drama, genre: fluff, genre: humor, genre: prompt/challenge response, genre: romance, pairing: merlin/arthur, rating: nc-17

Arthur absently shifted the file in his grip, turning the corner to Morgana's office just in time to see Owain trying, unsuccessfully, to nonchalantly slip out the door. His hair was a mess, his tie was crooked, and the buttons of his shirt had been done up wrong. His shirt tail was hanging out his open fly. Arthur raised an eyebrow and Owain blushed fit to put a tomato to shame, then dashed off as fast as he could without overtly running, trying frantically to put himself to rights along the way.

By the time Arthur burst through Morgana's doors, she was blessedly decent. (He'd waited a few moments outside Morgana's office, because the last thing he wanted to see was his wicked stepsister with her blouse undone.) She didn't even look up as he slapped the file down on her desk, too busy staring fixedly at her computer monitor. Arthur scowled, but before he could open his mouth Morgana said, "Did you know there's a security camera in the eighteenth floor supply room?"

Arthur's frown deepened. He frantically tried to remember if he'd ever had any…private meetings with Sophia (or, admittedly, a few of the other office secretaries) in that supply room. "No," he answered, really hoping this wasn't going where he suspected it was.

Morgana smirked. "Neither do Gawain and Galahad."

Arthur's ire rose. Was everyone in this sodding company fucking each other? "That's what you and Owain were in here doing? Watching ill-begotten porn about your coworkers?" When Morgana simply shrugged and continued to stare at the screen, Arthur let out a frustrated groan and reached over to yank the power cable from Morgana's monitor. He caught a flash of the screen before it blessedly went black. "And really, Morgana, Owain?" Arthur continued, latching onto any subject that would drive out the image of the two interns going at it like rabbits in grainy black and white. "I should fire him, just on principle. I had hoped he had brains enough not to drop his trousers the first time you flashed your breasts at him, but clearly I underestimated his intelligence."

"Or you underestimated the power of my breasts. I've been assured they're quite spectacular," she countered, grinning maniacally as Arthur grimaced and steadfastly refused to consider the impressiveness of his stepsister's cleavage. Really, Arthur should have known better than to get drawn into this kind of conversation with Morgana. She took too much delight in horrifying him to within an inch of his sanity. He always came away from their private meetings feeling like the inside of his head needed a good scrubbing out with the most powerful antiseptic money could buy. "Admit it," she continued, "you're just jealous that I got to him first."

Arthur had been assaulted with far too many traumatizing images in the last thirty seconds to form a coherent retort, so he was left to sputter the first indignant thought that formed in his mind. "You did not!"

"Three months ago," Morgana said pleasantly. Arthur eyed her skeptically, because he'd never known Morgana to date anyone longer than three weeks. Apparently reading his thoughts, she added, "We have an open relationship."

Arthur narrowed his eyes and said in a tone that was not at all petulant, "He's not even that good."

Morgana's expression reminded Arthur of how a cat might smile around a mouthful of canary. "Perhaps you just never gave him the right incentive to perform." Arthur opened his mouth to protest either the affront to his dignity or the truly terrifying images he was now being forced to contemplate, but Morgana spoke first. "Speaking of incentive, how are things working out with that new assistant of yours?"

Arthur flopped down into the chair across from Morgana's desk and let out an irritated sigh to disguise his relief at the change of subject. "Abysmally. He's quite possibly the worst assistant I've ever had."

"He can't be all that bad. He's only been here a week. He needs time to adjust."

Arthur leveled Morgana with an incredulous glare. "Yesterday, he tripped over a network cable and catapulted his coffee mug face down onto his keyboard."

"So? Accidents happen, that doesn't mean—"

"Our network is wireless."

"…Ah," Morgana said, not very successfully hiding her grin behind her hand. "Well, perhaps what he needs is a gentler touch?"

Arthur eyeballed Morgana warily. "If you're implying what I think you're implying, the answer's no. You'd probably wind up giving him a venereal disease, and I fail to see how that will improve his work performance."

Morgana's eye roll was epic. "I mean, perhaps you need to try an approach that doesn't have all the finesse of a crazed grizzly. Ask him about his friends, or his hobbies, or compliment him once in a while. Maybe offer to buy him lunch and actually talk to him, instead of ordering him about all the time. Find a way to bond with him. You might find yourself actually liking him."

Arthur boggled at the thought. "Are you saying I should seduce Merlin? Have you developed syphilis and finally gone mental?"

Morgana's lips pursed. "I'm just saying, Arthur, that it might be beneficial to develop a little mutual respect. For his sake as well as yours."

Arthur was loath to admit it, but she potentially had a point. It was impossible to miss that Merlin and Arthur mixed about as well as oil and water. Most of this was due to Merlin's blatant refusal to show Arthur the respect he clearly deserved. Maybe a shared activity or two would give Arthur a chance to impress upon his assistant Arthur's brilliance and prowess, and Merlin would finally acknowledge that he couldn't spend all afternoon ignoring Arthur's requests in favor of looking at 'lolcats' and playing Bejeweled.

"I'll take it under advisement," Arthur said, tossing the monitor cable into Morgana's hands. "And I'll be informing security that they need better firewalls on the CCTV feeds."

Arthur turned his back on Morgana's scowl, but she called his name when he reached the door. When he glanced back over his shoulder, she was looking suspiciously coy. "By the way, if you're really not interested in Merlin, do you mind if I…?"

She wasn't serious. She couldn't possibly be serious. This was Merlin. All the same, Arthur felt his fist grip the doorknob with white knuckles and his voice was dangerously close to a growl as he said, "Keep your claws out of him, Morgana."

Morgana's answering grin was eerily similar to the one she'd worn when they were ten and she'd caught him sneaking handfuls of cookies before dinner. "Just checking," she said airily.

Two Weeks Notice (2/5) 

"Hunting," Merlin said, aghast. "You want to take me hunting."

Arthur was nonplussed. "Stop being such a girl, Merlin. It's good fun."

Merlin felt quite sure his eyes were going to pop out of his head and roll around on the desk. "Arthur, I'm a vegan!"

Arthur snorted dismissively. "It's not as if I expect you to actually shoot anything. Just carry my pack and ammunition. And for once, do try and keep your mouth shut."

Hunting was a complete disaster. Whenever Merlin wasn't lecturing Arthur on the inalienable rights of cute fluffy bunnies to go on producing even more cute fluffy bunnies until the world was positively overrun with large-eared rodents, he was doing his best to scare away all the game. He crashed through the underbrush like a drunken rhinoceros. He dropped all of Arthur's crossbow bolts in a crash that sent a flock of birds into startled flight. And the one time Arthur had miraculously spotted a doe through the trees, Merlin had very loudly snapped a branch underfoot and then somehow managed to look both defiant and innocent in the face of Arthur's murderous frustration.

Still, Arthur thought the whole thing was almost worth it when the next morning he made Merlin fetch Arthur's coffee in a mug that read, Meat is Murder. Tasty, tasty murder.

Merlin's ensuing glare was priceless.

In the end, Arthur decided just having lunch with his assistant would be a better attempt at this whole 'bonding' thing. He never really intended for it to become a regular event, but after the first few times, Arthur found he'd grown rather addicted to seeing what spectacularly hilarious faces he could get Merlin to make just by revealing the contents of his lunch. The (one and only) time Arthur brought a veal sandwich and Merlin threatened murder if he ever brought it again, Arthur had to marvel at the irony.

Still, Merlin seemed equally amused by Arthur's reactions to whatever tofu-soy-seaweed concoction he'd thrown together, so it was really a win-win situation.

The lunch meetings failed to improve Merlin's work performance, but at least they were entertaining.

Two weeks into his job as Arthur's assistant, Merlin replaced the poster outside Arthur's office door. Gone was the regal lion, and in its place was a rather put-upon looking lion with a cub climbing all over its face. Underneath, the poster read, Nepotism: We promote family values here - almost as often as we promote family members.

The poster was up for two days without so much as a glare from Arthur, which was very disappointing, and also hilarious. Arthur may not have noticed the change, but almost everyone else had. The rest of the office regarded Merlin as either crazy or brilliant. Bartholomew, the terrified intern, was convinced that Merlin had brass balls the size of pie plates. Then Morgana stopped by.

She eyed the poster and raised one perfectly sculpted brow in Merlin's direction. Merlin just shrugged in what he hoped was an apologetic manner. (He figured she knew the poster's sentiment wasn't directed at her, but she was still very scary, and Merlin knew better than to piss her off.)

Morgana stepped into Arthur's office, and there was a blessed thirty seconds of silence behind the deceptively placid closed doors before a very unmistakable voice bellowed, "MERLIN!"

Merlin smirked, already beating a hasty retreat to the break room.

Arthur's response to what he internally referred to as the "Nepotism Incident" was to place another, very large poster on the wall right across from Merlin's desk, depicting a Great Dane towering over a Chihuahua. This one said, Intimidation: No one can make you feel inferior without your consent, but you'd be a fool to withhold that from your superiors.

Merlin had been in the office for five minutes before Arthur's Excalibur let out the irritatingly cheerful chirp that signaled a new text. He smirked when he read Merlin's words. I'm pretty sure these posters were intended as jokes, not royal edicts.

Arthur's answer was to send Merlin for more coffee (it really wasn't much of an excuse, given that Merlin was something of a wizard with the coffee machine and Arthur had become a bit of an addict) then he changed Merlin's desktop background to a picture of one horse sniffing another horse's arse with the subtitle, Flattery: If you want to get to the top, prepare to kiss a lot of the bottom. Arthur used one of Merlin's brightly colored post-its to scrawl out the message, They're not edicts, but they're good advice, and stuck it to Merlin's monitor.

When Merlin brought Arthur his coffee, he was wearing an obscenely large grin as he asked, "So, does that make you the horse's arse in this scenario?"

Arthur scowled into his coffee. Perhaps his plan had backfired.

Once winter hit, Merlin learned very quickly that whenever it snowed, Arthur would want stew. Merlin had tried on several occasions, and with varying levels of unsuccess, to substitute a hearty vegetable soup. Eventually, Merlin decided that drastic measures needed to be taken.

Merlin kept his face carefully blank, trying to look harmless and innocent and completely above suspicion as he spooned the stew into Arthur's bowl. He probably failed miserably, but luckily Arthur was too busy scrolling through the latest market forecasts on his Excalibur-Blackberry-iPhone-thing to notice. He was so enraptured with the financial reports he'd already taken several bites before he paused, reluctantly shifting half his focus to the meal in front of him.

"What kind of meat is this?" he asked curiously. "It has a very strange texture."

Merlin took a bite of his own stew and replied in a cautiously neutral tone, "It's pork."

Arthur scoffed, his attention now fully focused on the bowl. "This isn't pork. It's too spongy. And the flavor is all wrong. What is it? It's, um…" He took another bite and pondered. Merlin caught the exact moment Arthur puzzled it out, his face shifting from mildly intrigued to horrified realization. "…This is tofu, isn't it?"

Merlin smirked and helped himself to another spoonful. "Stop being such a sissy and eat it. It's not that bad, really."

Arthur looked like he was barely restraining his gag reflex. "Not that bad? Merlin, I would rather eat rat stew than this vile concoction!"

Merlin frowned. "That can be arranged," he muttered darkly. "Look, I'm not making separate meals for the both of us, so it's this or nothing."

Arthur's eyes narrowed dangerously. "If you starve me to death, you'll no longer have an employer, and therefore you'll no longer have a job."

Merlin didn't bother to temper the glare he shot across the table. "Believe me, Arthur, that's not much of a threat."

Arthur's mouth twisted furiously before he spoke, his voice close to a shout. "Well maybe I should do you a favor and sack you then!"

That finally pushed Merlin's temper over the edge. Throwing down his spoon he stood and yelled, "Go ahead! I never wanted to work for your arrogant arse, anyway!"

Arthur stood and met Merlin's gaze. "Good! I'll be able to hire a decent assistant for a change!"

"Fine!"

"Fine!"

"Arse!"

"Moron!"

Slam.

Slam.

Merlin fumed in his room for a solid six hours before his roaring stomach overruled his roaring fury, and he slunk back to the kitchen. He hiked himself up onto Arthur's expensive granite countertop and sullenly ate his stew, making sure to leave as many greasy fingerprints on the polished stone as he could. It wasn't like he'd be cleaning it up tomorrow.

Merlin had finished half the bowl when Arthur's bedroom door opened and he stepped out wearing his pajama pants and Oxford Blue t-shirt, looking deliciously sleep rumpled despite the fact that his slightly bloodshot eyes showed he'd been doing about as much sleeping as Merlin had. It made Merlin want to choke Arthur with his spoon out of spite.

Arthur spared Merlin an inscrutable glance then proceeded to completely ignore Merlin's presence as he puttered around the kitchen. Merlin ignored him back as best he could, but his traitorous eyes refused to obey his commands and seemed drawn to Arthur of their own volition. He spent an embarrassingly long time sneaking glances at the pillow creases on Arthur's cheek and the way his hair stuck straight up on one side, and then, very belatedly, Merlin realized Arthur had just prepared his own bowl of leftover stew.

Arthur hiked himself up onto the countertop alongside Merlin, bare feet dangling above the ground and spoon in hand. Merlin was openly staring now as Arthur poked his spoon tentatively into his bowl and began picking out tofu chunks, then depositing them into the bowl in Merlin's hand. This went on for several silent minutes, until Arthur was apparently satisfied that all nefarious bits of soy product had been safely shoveled into Merlin's bowl and he took a healthy bite of the mushrooms and vegetables left over. "You know, it wouldn't kill you to make me a steak once in a while," he said into his bowl.

Merlin raised an eyebrow. "No, I…I suppose it wouldn't."

Arthur hazarded a sidelong glance in Merlin's direction, and their gazes held for a few moments before they both dissolved into sloppy half-grins. Arthur nudged Merlin's ankle with one bare foot and said, "Eat your horrid stew. You look like a bloody stick figure."

Merlin's grin widened and they ate the rest of their stew in happy silence.

It was a cold, rainy February morning when Arthur opened up his office to find a rolled up poster on his desk. He unrolled it to view the giant image of a luminescent pearl and the words underneath that read, Beauty: If you're attractive enough on the outside, people will forgive you for being irritating to the core.

Attached to the poster was a neon pink post-it with Merlin's distinctive scrawl. Fine, you win. Consider this sufficient flattery for you to stop leaving BLOODY UNICORN FIGURINES ALL OVER MY DESK.

Arthur smiled. He knew the My Little Ponies would finally get a reaction.

"Merlin!" Arthur shouted into the flat. "Where's my brown jacket with the silver buttons?" Arthur continued rifling through the mess Merlin had made of his closet and waited for Merlin to stammer out his answer. When the flat remained stubbornly silent, Arthur shouted, "Merlin, you daft twit! My jacket? Where is it?" When Arthur still didn't get a response, he gave up the search and stomped his way to Merlin's room. "So help me, Merlin, if you've lost my favorite jacket, I'll—" But Arthur never got to finish his threat, because when he opened Merlin's door he realized Merlin wasn't there.

Arthur could see a pot of water boiling on the stove, so Merlin couldn't have possibly gone far. A quick perusal of the flat revealed a shaft of light filtering through the partially closed trap door that led up to the roof. Curious, Arthur ascended the spiral staircase and climbed up onto the roof. Once he emerged into the warm spring sunlight, he spotted Merlin fussing with a rather large tent made of white netting that definitely hadn't been there before. "Merlin?"

Merlin's head snapped up in surprise, his fingers instantly tangling in the netting he was trying to hang between the supports. "Arthur? What're you—I didn't—ah!" Merlin apparently lost his battle with the netting, getting it twisted around his feet and tripping in the mess. He fell to the ground with a spectacular crash as the sheet of netting and two of the support poles fell with him, one of them bouncing off Merlin's thick skull before skittering to the concrete. "Ow," Merlin groaned pathetically from his knotted heap.

Arthur unceremoniously hauled Merlin to his feet and began the epic struggle to disentangle his limbs from the netting. "Before I met you, Merlin, I never thought miracles were possible."

Merlin smiled blindingly at him, one arm contorted in a way that couldn't be comfortable. "Really?"

Arthur allowed himself a small smirk and attempted to gently extricated Merlin's arm without dislocating it. "Yes, really. If I hadn't seen it for myself, I never would have believed it possible for someone with your level of coordination to survive this long without spectacularly killing themselves. Congratulations, you're a miracle." Merlin scowled and flailed his way out from underneath the rest of the netting on his own. "Care to tell me why you've chosen to risk your life on my rooftop?"

Merlin scrubbed a hand through his unruly hair, making it stick up in even more crazy tufts. "Er…It was supposed to be a surprise." At Arthur's raised eyebrows, Merlin continued in a rush. "Look, I know you didn't want one, but I couldn't let all this space go to waste, and I figured if you didn't like it, well, it's not like you ever come up here anyway, and—"

"Merlin," Arthur said, "Did you make me a garden?"

Merlin's cheeks tinged pink. "Erm, sort of?"

Interest piqued, Arthur pulled back the wall of netting and stepped under the canopy. There were two tables running the length of the tent, each lined with rows of small yellow flowers. There was another table at the end of the enclosure that was piled high with empty jam jars topped with cheesecloth, and inside each jar was a tiny fluttering insect. "So, maybe not a garden in the traditional sense, but…a butterfly garden is still technically a garden."

Arthur's voice was stuck somewhere between incredulous and mildly insulted. "You built me a butterfly garden."

Merlin let out an annoyed huff from somewhere over Arthur's left shoulder, and Arthur didn't need to see him to know he was making his patented face of pained endurance. "Before you open your mouth and devolve into full-scale prat, let me explain why this isn't the affront to your rugged masculinity that you think it is."

Arthur crossed his arms and shifted his attention to his assistant. "Alright, then. Enlighten me."

Merlin picked up one of the pots housing the yellow flowers. "This is the Mortius flower. Mortius balorus, actually. It only grows in the undeveloped area south of London. The area you plan to turn into a new shopping centre."

"Oh, here we go again," Arthur groaned. It seemed like every time he turned around, Merlin was finding some way to bring up the land development deal. Arthur had even gone so far as to show Merlin the figures, to make him understand how very much money the Pendragon Corporation stood to make from this deal, but even that hadn't managed to shut him up.

Arthur was about to open his mouth and tell Merlin to forget it because he simply didn't want to hear any more, but then Merlin's hand clamped over his mouth and Arthur was really too stunned to do anything but stare at his assistant. It was purely due to the shock of Merlin's impudence and had nothing to do with the warmth of Merlin's hand or the fact that Arthur could smell the lingering scent of soap on Merlin's skin. Merlin continued to prattle on as if Arthur hadn't interrupted him. "The Mortius flower is the only food source of the silver spotted skipper, which is a declining species. If you tear up all the land where the flower can grow, the butterflies will die of starvation."

Arthur pried Merlin's hand off his face and said, "I still don't see why I should care."

At Merlin's utterly crestfallen look, Arthur almost wished to take his words back, but he kept his mouth stubbornly silent. Merlin was nothing if not persistent, however, so he stomped his way over to the stack of jars and grabbed the top one, thrusting it into Arthur's hands. "You should care because you'll be wiping out an entire species! Forgive me for thinking that should matter. I thought you'd—I thought I saw something in you. Something that made you better—made you more than just another suit. Maybe I was wrong." Merlin stared straight into Arthur's eyes as he spoke, and Arthur could feel the challenge issued by his words.

Arthur frowned and stood up a little straighter under Merlin's scrutiny. "My responsibility is to the people of my company, not some insect. Saving this butterfly won't put food on my employees' tables."

"You're the one in charge of the project, Arthur," Merlin countered. "Surely there's a way for you to do both."

Arthur spent some time contemplating Merlin's ridiculously earnest face. Almost as an afterthought, he turned his attention to the jar in his hands. The tiny butterfly inside wasn't quite what Arthur expected. It was brown, with white and orange spots on its wings, making it look more like a moth than a butterfly. It was also horridly disproportionate, with a large body and a giant head and rather too-small wings that beat frantically as it flailed about inside the jar. Arthur couldn't help the small smile that tugged at the corner of his lips. He could see why Merlin felt such a connection to the ridiculous little bugger.

"It's rather ugly for a butterfly. Shouldn't it at least be blue or yellow or something?"

"It's an insect, not a sports car," Merlin replied defensively. "Just because it's not shiny and flashy like you doesn't make it any less important."

Arthur snuck a sly glance at his assistant, who was busily studying the butterfly's uncoordinated flight path around the jar. His lips were pursed in a way very much resembling a girlish pout. "Why am I not at all surprised you've made it a personal quest to save a bunch of butterflies and flowers?"

Merlin ignored the jibe and smiled. "I think she likes you." Arthur turned his attention back to the jar to find that the butterfly had alighted on the bit of cheesecloth underneath the place where Arthur's index finger had curled over the lip of the jar. He could feel its wings fluttering against the pad of his finger. When he looked back up, Merlin was wearing such a soft expression that Arthur had to stare and try to place it. It wasn't often that anyone looked at Arthur with such unguarded affection.

Arthur's veins were flooded with an unfamiliar warmth. He cleared his throat abruptly and thrust the jar back into Merlin's grasp. "I'm sorry, Merlin. My primary duty is to the company."

Oddly, Merlin's soft smile didn't falter. "I know you'll find a way, Arthur. I believe in you."

Arthur didn't have the heart to tell him that even if he found a way, it would likely result in a loss of profits, and his father would never stand for that.

Arthur was loath to admit it, but Merlin was rather good at guerrilla warfare.

Merlin had launched his covert operation several weeks ago. It had started out as something fairly harmless. He would slip conservation articles into Arthur's financial reports. He signed Arthur up for several mailing lists, meaning Arthur's email and phone had been inundated with messages devoted to the silver spotted skipper. He brought in flower cuttings from his rooftop garden, "To brighten up the office." He even set Arthur's computer to redirect him to the skipper Wikipedia page every time Arthur tried to log on to Yahoo!Games (which happened a lot, actually).

None of this, however, prepared Arthur for Merlin's grand stealth attack.

Arthur stabbed furiously at the intercom button. "Merlin, where are the blasted reports for the Mercia merger? The meeting starts in ten minutes!"

Merlin's tinny voice replied through the speaker, "They're in your top left desk drawer, and no, it doesn't."

Arthur retrieved the folder, answering distractedly, "What are you on about, Merlin? You're making even less sense than usual."

"I mean no, the meeting doesn't start in ten minutes. It's cancelled."

Now Merlin had Arthur's full attention. "You cancelled my meeting?"

"It was Morgana's meeting, actually. And she's the one who cancelled it."

Arthur threw open the door to his office. "Why wasn't I informed?"

Merlin smiled, looking entirely too complacent. "Because it only got cancelled about fifteen minutes ago, and I've been too busy arranging your other meeting to tell you."

"What other meeting?" Arthur asked, suspicious. Merlin was being far too efficient.

"The one I've been arranging. Really, Arthur, are you even listening?"

Arthur glared. "It's times like this that I truly wish the stocks were still a socially acceptable form of punishment."

"You just want an excuse to throw things at my head," Merlin replied airily. "We should really be going. Your helicopter is waiting on the roof."

Arthur blinked. "You called in my helicopter for a meeting?"

Merlin didn't pause as he continued to prod Arthur into the lift. "Well, I know how busy you are, and the meeting's rather far away."

Fifteen minutes later, as they were hovering over the future site of the Pendragon Corporation's new shopping centre, Arthur glared at Merlin and said, "There's no meeting, is there?"

Merlin's grin was completely unapologetic. "There are definitely advantages to being the person in control of your schedule. I'm surprised I didn't think of this a long time ago, actually."

They landed near the edge of a crystal blue lake ringed by those familiar yellow flowers. The sun was shining as if it couldn't wait for spring to tip over into summer. The birds were chirping and insects were buzzing and a cool breeze wafted over the water and Merlin was prattling on about whatever it was he wanted to show Arthur, but Arthur wasn't paying attention to any of it because five seconds after landing his Excalibur had beeped with two messages. One was from his father demanding to know why he wasn't at the office and another from Morgana saying she'd take care of it, and oh, this day just kept getting better and better.

"Arthur, you're not even listening!"

"That's because I'm trying to figure out how to explain to my father that I was abducted by my personal assistant!" Arthur shouted, frantically texting Morgana in the hopes she wouldn't wind up making things worse.

Arthur was halfway done when Merlin uttered a grunt of frustration and grabbed the phone out of Arthur's hand. Arthur could only watch in helpless, numbing shock as sailed in a high arc through the air. It fell into the lake with a soft plop.

For a few seconds, it seemed even the birds and insects had all been stunned into silence.

Arthur wasn't sure there were words in the English language capable of adequately expressing his rage, so he settled for stating the bloody obvious. "You threw my phone into the lake!"

Merlin crossed his arms defiantly. "You can get another one!"

Arthur's volume rose to impressive decibels. "No, I can't! That was an Excalibur! It was the only one in existence! And you threw it in the bloody lake!"

Merlin failed to look suitably contrite. "Oh. Well…Now you know how the silver spotted skippers feel."

Arthur felt his lips thin and his face go red with fury. His fists balled at his sides. He twisted one hand into the collar at the back of Merlin's shirt and began unceremoniously hauling him towards the water's edge.

Merlin stumbled along under Arthur's guidance. "What? Arthur, just—What are you doing?"

"If you're so interested in communing with nature, perhaps I should hurl you in the bloody lake!"

Merlin frantically dug his heels into the mud. "Wait, this isn't—Arthur, relax. This isn't going to get your phone back!"

"No, but it'll make me feel better."

At the water's edge, Arthur gave Merlin a harsh shove and watched his assistant teeter helplessly forward, arms pin-wheeling wildly. He had a moment of smug satisfaction before one of Merlin's flailing limbs caught Arthur's sleeve and they both went crashing into the freezing water.

The moment Arthur broke the surface he was already sputtering in incoherent fury. Then Merlin had the nerve to turn to him and say, "While we're in here, want to fish out your phone?"

Arthur growled and shoved Merlin's head under the water. Merlin kicked him in the shin.

By the time they dragged themselves ashore, they were both shivering and exhausted and covered in mud and pond scum.

Arthur pulled the itchy wool blanket tighter around his shoulders as the helicopter soared almost silently over London. Arthur watched the buildings roll by, mostly to keep himself from looking at the drowned rat sulking in the seat across from him. Arthur had never known Merlin to be this quiet since the day they'd met. The fact that he wasn't speaking a word told Arthur all he needed to know about how upset Merlin was. Eventually, he heaved a sigh and said, "This really means a lot to you, doesn't it?"

Arthur could see the sarcastic remark on the tip of Merlin's tongue, but Merlin instead simply replied, "Yes," and continued to glare sullenly at the buildings below as if they'd done him some great personal injustice.

Another several moments hung heavy and silent between them, and then Arthur said, "I can't promise anything. But maybe I can look into…donating a portion of the land as a nature reserve. Or something."

Merlin's stony expression slowly melted into a smile. "I always knew there was a heart buried underneath all that Armani," Merlin said quietly.

Arthur felt his own lips turn up reluctantly. "Yes, well, you still need to do a great deal of laundry when we get home. We both smell like rotten fish."

Merlin wasn't really sure at what point their regular lunch meetings graduated to actual restaurants instead of simply hanging out in Arthur's stupidly large office, but he was fairly certain it was around the time he threatened to plan a stealth mission to replace Arthur's Polish sausage with soy sausage.

Arthur, of course, had ridiculously lavish tastes so they usually went to restaurants where patrons had to sell their first born child into indentured servitude for an entrée that would easily starve a mouse. Merlin complained about this mostly on principle, because the food was actually quite good.

The wait staff knew their orders by heart by now, so as soon as they were seated Arthur took the lemon from Merlin's water and squeezed it into Arthur's glass, followed quickly by his own, because for some reason Arthur enjoyed the mouth puckering sensation. He eyed Merlin over the rim of his glass and said, "Care to explain to me why I spent half the morning convincing the civil engineers that you weren't attempting a hostile takeover of their department?"

Merlin cringed around his mouthful of honeyed bread roll. He was hoping Arthur wouldn't hear about that. "They were planning to put a bloody great fountain in the middle of the lake!" He protested defensively. "Do you have any idea what that would do to the fish spawning cycle? Not to mention the water fowl population!"

Arthur's no-doubt witty rejoinder was cut short when their plates were set in front of them: the braised lamb and grilled truffles for Arthur and the chicken, tomato, and cucumber salad for Merlin. Merlin grimaced at the expected but still unwelcome meat and pushed his plate closer to Arthur's. With something like exasperated fondness, Arthur shuffled his own roll onto Merlin's plate to replace the one Merlin had already scarfed down and said, "Still, maybe you should refrain from taking your coffee with you the next time I send you down there to evaluate the project estimates."

Merlin sighed and continued loading his fork with the truffles from Arthur's plate to replace the chicken Arthur was spearing from Merlin's salad. "Look, that was not my fault. I trip over that table leg every time I have to go down there, so they really should have known better than to leave their blueprints in a potentially vulnerable position. Maybe you could go down there yourself, but no, you took one look at that feng shui nightmare and now you're too afraid you'll fall and develop a debilitating injury that will put a premature end to your illustrious future fencing career, or whatever your excuse is." Unloading the truffles from his fork, Merlin looked down at his plate, ready to tuck into his salad and said, "…Chicken."

Arthur raised an eyebrow. "What? I beg your—"

"No, Arthur. Chicken." Merlin pointed at the lump of meat with his fork.

"Oh, right." Arthur distractedly speared the slice of chicken and popped it into his own mouth, chewing thoughtfully for a moment before saying, "So I should warn the engineers you won't stop pestering them until they've removed the fountain, then?"

Merlin rolled his eyes but couldn't help the way his mouth turned up wryly at the corner. "Yeah, probably."

Merlin was dead asleep when Arthur burst into his room, shirtless and barefoot in only his pajama pants, and yanked down the covers on Merlin's bed. Merlin jerked awake, took in Arthur's state of dress and the fact that it was fucking 6:00 in the morning, and groaned into his pillow. "Oh, dear god, not another one," he moaned. "It's too early for me to be kicking out another of your trysts."

Arthur ignored him and flopped down onto Merlin's bed like a giant…floppy…thing. It was possible that Merlin's brain was not quite fully awake. "It's never too early for a man to want his own bed to himself, Merlin," Arthur said, and Merlin refrained from pointing out that Arthur certainly had no compunction about taking over Merlin's bed the morning after each of his one-night stands. Though, he never took over Merlin's bed in the way that Merlin sometimes, very rarely, thought he might want. Just a little.

Merlin sighed. "At least tell me it's a man this time." Arthur's malicious glee was all the answer Merlin needed, and he stifled a groan. He had a habit of unintentionally making women burst into hysterics before they were out the door. Arthur, of course, found this hilarious.

"I made sure to wake her on my way out, so she should be dressed by the time you get there," Arthur said, and Merlin thought bitterly that Arthur had no right to sound so jovial at bloody sunrise, especially when he'd gotten laid and Merlin obviously hadn't.

"How considerate of you," Merlin mumbled. "I'm sure she'll appreciate being fully clothed when she gets tossed out on her arse." Merlin paused to allow Arthur the eyeroll Merlin knew he couldn't resist, but then a thought struck his slowly awakening brain. "Wait, didn't you call me on your date last night?" He propped himself on one elbow and stared blearily at Arthur. "You pretended to be on a business call because you were bored with this girl's conversation."

Arthur practically leered. "It wasn't her conversation I was interested in."

Merlin collapsed back into his pillow, longing for sleep. Or death. Whichever meant he didn't have to leave his bed. "I'll go if you can remember her name."

There was a pause long enough for Merlin to gather the faint hope of victory. He raised an eyebrow at Arthur, but the annoyingly sunny smirk never left his face. "You'll go because it's your job," Arthur countered.

"You know, contrary to what you may believe, I'm not actually Pepper Potts."

"Don't be ridiculous. I'd never confuse you with Pepper," Arthur snorted. "You look much better in a skirt."

"Oi!" Merlin snapped, launching his pillow at Arthur's face. The prat easily deflected it, of course. "It was one time, and you swore never to speak of it again!"

Arthur, now laughing and holding Merlin's pillow hostage, started shoving Merlin out of his own bed. "I made no such promise. Now go," he ordered with a rather forceful kick. "And don't make this girl cry like you did the last one!"

Merlin grumbled as he stood, and he glanced back just in time to see a half-naked Arthur roll into the warm spot Merlin had just vacated and bury his face in Merlin's pillow with a satisfied sigh. Merlin knew from experience that by the time Merlin returned, Arthur would be asleep, his golden, toned skin glowing in the light of sunrise, his limbs sprawled out over the sheets as if he were as comfortable in Merlin's bed as he was in his own. Merlin wondered what he could have possibly done in a past life that would earn him this kind of punishment.

There were good parts to the job and bad parts, and then there were parts that made Merlin feel like a ten pound lead weight had just been dropped on his chest. Getting to look and never, ever touch…that was definitely one of the worst parts.

They were arguing over yet another horrid tofu creation when Merlin's arse started playing the theme song to Doctor Who.

"Gwen!" Merlin answered the phone, triumph already in his voice. "Back me up, here. Arthur says—" Merlin abruptly came to a halt, standing frozen with the phone to his ear, the wide smile slowly melting from his face. Without conscious thought, Arthur rose from the table and was halfway to Merlin's side when Merlin waved him off. Merlin smiled again, though it looked decidedly different from his smile of a moment before. This one looked forced, and a touch brittle.

"That's…That's really great, Gwen. Congratulations. To you both." Merlin turned his back on Arthur and continued quietly, "No, no, I'm fine. And of course I'll be there. It's just…I'm a little shocked, I guess. Three months is coming up awfully fast." Merlin ran a hand through his hair and Arthur saw his shoulders sag a little. "Right, I do know how badly you always wanted a summer wedding." Merlin sighed, and even without looking at his face, Arthur could tell he was wearing a rueful smile. "Listen, Gwen, I'm really happy for you. Give Lance a hug for me, and I'll take you both out tomorrow to celebrate. Yes. Right. See you then." Slowly, Merlin clicked the phone shut, and there was a moment of heavy, awful silence before Merlin turned, watery smile not at all convincing as he announced with a pathetic attempt at his usual level of enthusiasm, "My best friends are getting married!"

Their eyes held for a moment, but then Arthur had to look away from what he saw there. "Right then," he said flatly. "Guess this calls for a celebration." He headed to the cabinet and pulled out the bottle of Scotch he'd been saving for a special occasion. He took out a couple of tumblers and poured three fingers into each glass. He didn't miss the grim set of Merlin's mouth as he handed over one of the glasses and said, very sensibly, "Let's get drunk."

Half an hour and only a fifth of Scotch later, they were sitting up on the roof facing Merlin's shabby garden, the cold concrete wall at their backs a stark contrast to the heavy warmth of Merlin's head on Arthur's shoulder. The uncharacteristic moroseness had vanished from Merlin's face as soon as the alcohol took hold. He had given up his cheerful pretense and settled into explaining his view of the situation with the same kind of indignant, insubordinate tone he used when pointing out the many and varied ways he believed Arthur was being a stubborn arse. It was surprisingly comforting.

"I really am happy for her…him…both of them. I am," he slurred as if Arthur had been protesting his words. "And alright, maybe there was that whole awkward situation where Gwen had a crush on me and I had a crush on Lancelot, but that was ages ago! We're over that. They're my mates—of course I want them to be happy! It's just…It's not fair! I deserve a wedding too, dammit!"

Arthur practically choked on his Scotch. He raised an incredulous eyebrow, mind reeling at the thought of Merlin in a white dress and veil. "Don't worry, Merlin, I'm sure you'll make someone a lovely wife someday. As long as your husband doesn't expect any decent cooking or cleaning out of you that is."

Merlin spared him a drunken glare before barreling on, working himself up to a good rant. "I think I've suffered enough in my life," and here he made a very demonstrative wave of his half-empty glass in Arthur's vague direction, but continued on before Arthur could properly chastise him. "Karma owes me a hell of a lot, by now! I'm not asking for Prince Charming, or anything. Just somebody who's nice, and generous, and clever, and has a great sense of humor, and has all the same ideals, and is a good listener, and brings me soup when I'm sick, and brings me flowers for no reason, and kisses well, and looks good naked…although, that last one's really more of a bonus than a requirement."

Arthur rolled his eyes. "Right. Clearly, you're not asking for much."

"And okay, so I'm not rich and gorgeous or anything," another vague gesture in Arthur's direction, and this time Arthur felt his chest puff up, just a little. "But it's not like I'm a horrible catch!" Merlin continued, outraged. "I've got these ears, but I'm not grotesque, or anything. And I'm actually quite good in bed." Arthur choked again, and then decided it would be much safer just to set the glass aside for now. "Not that I get much chance to practice. The last time I had sex was…" Merlin nearly went cross-eyed trying to drunkenly count on his fingers, "God, it was eight months ago, when I started this job. You remember Owain from marketing? You can ask him. He'll say I'm good."

Arthur scowled. Now he really was going to fire that man. "Hmm. Maybe you should get Owain to write an advertising campaign for your 'skills.'" Arthur's tone was not the slightest bit peevish. Really.

Merlin snorted then asserted with all the enthusiastic earnestness of the very, very drunk, "If I did, then I'd have men lined up around the block for me. I can do things with my tongue that would make your eyes roll back in your head." Arthur swallowed and tried incredibly hard to shake the sudden images that sprang to his mind. "Seriously, everyone would want me. You'd even want me, if you weren't such a prat." And alright, Merlin had clearly entered the delusional state of his inebriation. Because while Arthur could admit that there was a certain kind of idiotic charm about Merlin that some might appreciate, he was still Merlin, the worst assistant Arthur had ever had, and Arthur definitely did not want to bed the man, no matter how curious he was about the things Merlin could do with his tongue.

And Arthur probably should have said at least some of that aloud, instead of staring dumbly down and ostensibly contemplating Merlin's rather soft-looking hair, because at Arthur's prolonged silence Merlin's head came up off Arthur's shoulder. He turned to fix Arthur with an inquisitive stare, head cocked and eyes glazed with alcohol. Arthur could practically hear the gears in Merlin's head fuzzily grinding through the alcoholic sludge of his brain before they abruptly came to a halt. "Oh," Merlin said. Then he grabbed Arthur's head and pulled him into a horribly sloppy, messy kiss.

Arthur froze, dumbfounded. The kiss lasted all of two seconds before Merlin's mouth slid away and he slumped against Arthur's shoulder, passed out from only two and a half glasses of Scotch. By the time Arthur recovered from the shock, Merlin was snoring softly against his chest, and Arthur was steadfastly ignoring the way the breeze felt intolerably cold against the lingering warmth of his lips. He needed to haul Merlin inside before they both caught a chill, and he needed to unwrap his arms from his assistant's shoulders, and he needed to pray that in the morning, Merlin wouldn't remember a thing.

Part 3

.