Hi Readers, This is my first sharing of any of my experiences with u all. I am sunny, 30 yrs of age & married now. I have well built body and good stamina for sex. This story is of the time when I was 17 years and unmarried.
It goes like this: I was studying in Delhi and staying with my parents. One of my cousin brother, Sanjay, whom we treated like our own brother, used to stay in London with his wife, Rachna, age 30 years then. Unfortunately they were childless. Rachna bhabhi had a motherly affection for me and used to treat me like her son and I also had great love and respect for her as from the time of her marriage I had been like a child to her. When they were here, four years prior to that time, she used to take me home to stay with her many times for 2-3 days.
Now one summer holidays, I got a chance to visit & stay at their place for a month. I Reached London at around 10.00 p.m. Bhaiya & Bhabhi were both there to receive me at the airport. Both of them were very happy to meet me after a gap of four yrs. and they hugged me. Especially bhabhi hugged me for two three minutes continuously during which she became a bit sentimental also. Something new happened to me for the first time for my bhabhi, which was, I thought a sin even to have feelings of this kind for her. But I actually had a hard on. Somehow, I brushed it off my mind and we came back to their house. On the way we exchanged the well being of all the members there in India. Theirs was a two room flat and well furnished up to their level as they both were working with the private companies. After chatting and having light dinner all of us went to sleep. I was sleeping in the other room they were sleeping in. In the discussions I came to know that bhaiya had to leave UK for two-three weeks after two days. He had to go for business tour, which was his routine. As bhabhi would be on her job so most of the time I had to pass the daytime myself. But it was quite OK with me as I was a bit used to be with myself also. I kept thinking of both of them and the hug I had from bhabhi, I again had a hard on, after which I put my hand in my short to feel my cock. It was wet with the pre cum. In between these whole thoughts I got asleep, as I was tired.
The next morning I woke up late and found that both of them had gone to work. I spent the day eating my meals those were available in kitchen as told by them and sleeping. Evening was again nice as we all were together. Next morning, bhaiya had to leave for his tour so slept early and in the morning me and bhabhi went to see him off as it was a Sunday. That day too passed very well in the company of bhabhi. She often scolded me for not eating properly and not taking good care of my health. But I was feeling that on my part only, talking to, sitting alone or doing anything in her presence was not that casual as it used to be. Anyhow this was my feeling only.
Next morning bhabhi had left for her work when I woke up. And the day was as usual. The same day, in the afternoon I went to take bath and I slipped & fell with a bang in the bathroom and got hurt on my left hipbone. It was painful but bearably. As the minutes and hours passed the pain started increasing and my leg started swelling. I tried to cure it by taking rest, the rest of the day but it did not work. By the time bhabhi came back from work it was paining like hell. She entered in the room and asked what happened. I told her the full story. She saw my leg and got tensed. I was literally crying out of pain on which she hugged me and also started crying out of love for me. She kissed my forehead, my face in order to soothe my pain. And then acting very fast she called a cab and we rushed for the hospital. There the doctors told that it was a fracture and plastered my full leg to stabilize the bone and told me to take bed rest for full month on which bhabhi got shocked as while taking bed rest I need to be taken proper care of and no one except her was here and she also worked. After two three hours of pain I got a bit relief and came to know about the bed rest and whole thing. I also got tense as I will have to do all my daily routines on the bed and I would be a burden on her financially also as some nurse has to be engaged for that. I told her my concern after reaching home on which she started crying and asked me if I didn't look at her like my mother. I said I do but even then.... She lovingly patted on my cheeks and told "no ifs and buts, I will take leave and look after you, baby".
Here all this started taking turns and the day first started. In the morning bhabhi came in. She was in shorts and white cotton T-shirt. She said "chalo tumhe sponge kar du." I was shocked due to the feeling of shyness so told her that I will do it myself. She said "Pata nahi doctor ne kya kaha tha ki hilna nahi. chupchap baithe raho aur mujhe karne do." And she opened the buttons and removed my shirt. She started sponging my upper body with wet towel very gently taking her own time. As bhabhi was bending upon me every now and then, I was able to have a look of her cleavage by chance. A feeling of horniness along with guilt started to build in me as this was first time that I was feeling the touch of bhabhi quite arousing. When she finished sponging there, she asked me to remove the sheet from my legs to get sponged but I immediately refused, as I was wearing nothing beneath because after the plaster it was impossible to remove my clothes for my daily routines without moving which was not allowed.
Bhabhi said "Bache apni bhabhi se sharma raha hai? Mai khud tere ko nahlati rahi hu. Tu ab bhi mera wohi bacha hai aur beta vaise bhi majburi ko kisi tarah nikalna to padega hi na." But I said "bhabhi ab mai bhacha thode hi na hu. Mai nahi karvaunga, apne aap kar luga. Please I request you." I would have somehow agreed after very long time she took, but I was in semi hard state so there was no question to agree to her pleadings. Then bhabhi agreed on the condition that if I had any problem in doing so then I would have to agree upon as she says. She went out telling me to get free from rest of the sponging meanwhile she will be taking her bath. She went away closing the door behind her and I after being assured that she was not there removed the sheet and stated cleaning my lower body. When I held my cock for cleaning I saw it was fully wet due to the glances I had made in bhabhi's cleavage. I started blowing it as by this time this had become impossible to control myself. I was about to come when by chance due to excitement I hit the water pot that was on the bed and it fell on the ground with a big bang.
I heard bhabhi immediately after this "kya hua?" I hurriedly put the sheet back covering my dick completely as she might be coming in the room and yes there she came opening the door. She said looking at the water pot on the floor "Maine kaha tha na mai kar deti hu, kahi leg pe lagi to nahi?" I said "nahi mai theek hu." She came near and asked "Lao mujhe towel do mai karti hu" I said " Nahi bhabhi mai kar lunga" But she didn't agree and taking towel from my hand she moved to remove the sheet from my legs. But I held so tightly that she was unable to remove it. She said " Ab kuchh nahi sunugi, chal sheet chhor. Agar bahut sharm aa rahi ho bhabhi se to apni ankhen band kar le." In this process she was so close to me that I could tell by the smell of her body that she was sweating. And her smell brought my dick more close to bursting.
And I began to loosen my grip on the sheet. She caught it and pulled slowly and there I was naked in front of my bhabhi with my dick pointing towards the roof, fully wet and erect with my bushes around it. I saw my bhabhi's eyes bulging out with surprise and a smile on her face. She said "Ohhh, to mera chhota sa baby ab jawan ho gaya hai. Tabhi mai kahu ki kyu bhabhi se sharam aa rahi thi." My face must have gone flushed with guilt. But she took it lightly after that and started cleaning my leg. Then she slowly held my cock. Oh my god, that was the moment! She gently pulled its upper skin down and paused for a couple of seconds. My cock was throbbing and I could feel her hands shaking too. She looked towards me smilingly once, then quickly cleaned the white slime from its rim and said "chalo ho gaya." Her voice seemed coming from very far. I immediately put the sheet back and she went away taking the water pot and the towel. I could see some expressions on her face that I had not seen before. Soon after that I relieved myself by pumping my cock and cleaned the long globes of my cum with another towel.
After this an urge to make love to my bhabhi started to build up in me. She also seemed to change a bit and started to talk to me always with a smile. I was continuously thinking of a plan to have her tight and slim body in my arms. So finally I planned to play innocent as she thought me still to be. In the afternoon she came to have a nap in my room and laid beside me on the double bed. She had changed into another loose shorts and T-shirt. She was looking very sexy with her hair open. Then she asked me " Do you have a girl friend?" I said "No bhabhi" She said "Ab to tu bara ho gaya hai zaroor koi to hogi." I said "Oh come on bhabhi, bola na nahi hai." She said, "Ok let us sleep now." I told her that I was not feeling like sleeping. She asked me "I can put some CD in CD player if you want to watch some movie." I said "That will be fine. Then she set up the movie and started it. She came on the bed and said "Ok I am sleeping now." After a few minutes I felt an urge to touch the breasts of my bhabhi those were poking out from her t-shirt but I had to control, as she was not sleeping yet.
But it was not possible with bhabhi sleeping on the next bed to concentrate upon the movie. Again after some more time, unable to take on the heat building in me and as per my plan I called her with a sheepish look on my face, Bhabhi. She said yes I said, I want to discuss one of my problem with you. She immediately opened her eyes and asked kyu sab theek hai na. I said, I have a pain. Where, in the leg she asked. No I said and paused. Phir kahan hai, bol na. And she sat up at once. I said sharam aati hai bhabhi kaise batau. She gently patted my face and said chal bata, taqleef mein sharam nahi karni hoti. Looking at her face innocently, I pointed towards my cock above the sheet and said, yahan per. She thought for a while looking there and asked, kuchh laga hai kya? I said no. Then she asked, Which type of pain do you feel? I said Bhabhi, there is stiffness all the time in it and the pain when I touch it. She said Ok! Let me see it. Sheet hata tow. I said, Nahi bhabhi aap khud hi hata lo. She smiled and said, Achha baba chal mai hi hata leti hu. She came near me and pulled the sheet away. My cock was fully erect and hard, pointing towards the ceiling.
One or two drops of pre cum were there due to the excitement I had, while talking to bhabhi. I again saw her changing expressions while looking at it. After a few seconds she said, kya ye sara time issi tarah stiff rahta hai? I said, nahi bhabhi jab aap mujhe sponge kar rahi thi tow uske baad se aise hi hai. She said, Hmm, no problem I will massage some oil on it and it will ease. And went to bring the oil. I was happy to realize that I am reaching towards my goal very fast and pulled the sheet back. She brought the oil and sat beside me with legs crossed and pulled the sheet off again. She held my cock and poured some oil on it and rubbing it over it with her soft hands. I was in heaven and looking towards her legs. She was constantly watching my cock while massaging it. With some of her body movements the hem of one side of her shorts drew upwards and I slightly changed my upper body's position to look into that area. Oh my God! My eyes were through that. What I saw was unbelievable, bhabhi was not wearing panty and I could see her pussy covered with short hair. She might have felt the impact of the view in my cock.
After a few seconds I looked upwards to watch if she was noticing me or not, but she was busy in rubbing my cock up and down and her grip had tightened and she was breathing intermittently. I thought to go a bit further and asked, Lekin Bhabhi ye aisa hua kyu? Kya isme koi problem hai? She said, nahi aisa kuch nahi, abhi thik ho jayegi. I asked, How do you know that? Have you experienced it before? She said, Ladies ki stiffness alag jagah per hoti hai. I asked, kahan per? She said, kaha na hoti hai bas, kya batau kahan per. Ok I said DO you also have it right now? She laughed and said, Haan hai Phir dikhao na kahan hai I said in a flow. She was now rubbing my cock more vigorously and losing her control on her breath. She said, Ok Look, I show you. She left my cock and put her first finger in already drew up hem of her shorts and drew it sideways. I was shocked on her swift move and my cock started throbbing out of joy of looking what I had in front of me. She touched her pussy with other hand and dug it to pull her stiffened clit out of it. She said, Look this is stiff. I bent a little forward to watch it closely and said, hmm it is really stiffened. Then looking in her eyes I asked, Do you have to rub this also to ease.? She said, Yes Will you do it now also? She said, Of course I will have to, but let me subside your stiffness first and held my cock again and started pumping it more violently. Her clit was appearing and disappearing with every movement of her body. And a juice started to flow out from her. I looked towards her, she had closed her eyes.
I asked in a low voice, Should I also rub you there bhabhi? She opened her eyes and came forward then suddenly she smooched my lips. Oh that was the signal. My hand automatically traveled to her pussy and found her clit. I started working my hand on her wet pussy and clit. She took away her mouth from me with a jerk and drawing her hand from my cock she opened the buckle of her shorts and slid it away bending to a side. She stood up and brought her pussy direct over my face while putting her legs, one each side of me. I immediately build up to cum when with her flash move the scent of her pussy entered my nostrils. I kept on smelling her pussy, as it was intoxicating. She pulled my face up by my hair and asked to lap it up. I immediately did and reached up to a very fast pace. After 10 minutes of getting her pussy mouth fucked, she drew it apart and taking care of my plaster, she sat on her bent knees and started fucking my mouth with her tongue and taking her share of her own pussy juices. She was moaning heavily. With one had she searched for my cock behind her, and on finding she held it and started to rub it again.
After a few minutes in this pose, she started moving slowly backwards until her pussy touched my cock. She was in full heat and out of control. She lifted her body upwards and placed her pussy gently on my cock. Now I am going to tell you how to make your stiff things soft she said and put a little pressure on my cock. Her pussy being already wet with her juices, she did not find any difficulty in sliding it down the length of my cock and she started fucking my cock. She was moaning like hell, Ahh ohh Keep your cock stiff all the time Sunny to make your bhabhi happy, mmmm aahhh She was taking long strokes while taking care of my leg at the same time.
Now I finally was to shoot my load in her pussy. I told her, Bhabhi kuchh ho raha hai, aise jaise isme se kuchh nikal raha ho. No problem nikal jaane de sunny, do it yes, let it go aahhhh. She was on her full speed and she drew her hands upwards holding the hem of her t-shirt and pulled it out. Then she placed her big freed mangoes on my lips and shout, Sunny inko zor se kaayto. I started biting her nipples and she gave two three jerks to her body and started to climax as did I. I drew her closer at that moment and her tits became flat on my chest with the pressure. There was all aaahhh ooohhh mmms in the air and I started to unload myself into my bhabhi. It was a long long orgasm for her after which she collapsed on my chest. After taking a bit of rest she got up cleaned herself and started to lick my cock to clean it. Then she put the sheet on my legs, hugged me and asked, Kyu stiffness theek ho gayi na? I laughed and went to sleep in her tight embrace.
After this bhabhi used to clean me thoroughly twice or thrice a day until I left for India. She still is there and I am planning my next trip to UK. I had many experiences in Delhi also of which two or three are worth sharing with all of you, which I will, but in next story.