From the pen of Dr. John H. Watson: In which there are new enemies and old friends.

Chapter 10: The Long Arm of the Law

The police escorted me to the station in grim silence and led me to a small room, windowless and containing no more than a plain, wooden table and a few chairs. I was pushed down into one chair, and Inspector Cinwell sat opposite. Then the constables departed and we were alone. Cinwell stared at me from across the table, silent. If this was meant to be an interrogation it was like none I had ever seen; he appeared completely uninterested in asking any questions.

The whole situation, from arrest to the present, was highly irregular. I had to get answers, but I must also tread carefully, for however they had found evidence of my involvement in the theft, Holmes was still free, and I had no wish to incriminate him. I began with the most innocuous and straightforward question I could think of. "Why am I here?" I asked.

"The theft of Lady Elizabeth's jewels," Cinwell replied in his soft, dead tone. "As I informed you when I arrested you."

"Yes, but what's the evidence? Why do you think I'm behind the theft?" I smiled a self-deprecating smile. "I'm not exactly anyone's idea of a cat burglar."

"I'm sure your lawyer will tell you in due course."

"Then why not tell me now?"

Cinwell leaned back in his chair. "There are--how would the great Mr. Holmes put it? Four different indications that you were present in that house on the night of the burglary, but one that is most damning."

"And what is that?"

"A decorative fob, which was found in the grass. It's locked away in the evidence room, but I'm sure you'll recognize it by the description. Gold, round, with the words Primum non nocere on the front and engraved on the back with the initials JHW. We lifted a few prints from it, which I'm sure we will soon confirm are yours."

As Cinwell finished his description, I realized that my mouth was gaping open and I closed it with a snap. I was indeed familiar with the object in question; however, "I haven't worn that in years! Decades! I keep it locked in my writing desk back in Sussex."

"Tell that to the examining magistrate."

The situation was becoming stranger and stranger by the minute. I knew with absolute certainty that I had not worn the decorative fob on that night, which left me with one of two equally unpleasant alternatives. Either Inspector Cinwell was lying about his possession of the fob, opening the question of why he would do such a thing, and even more perplexing, how he would come to possess such detail about a fob that hadn't seen the light of day since 1894, or alternatively, he did have the fob, in which case someone broke into the house in Sussex and took it for the sole purpose of using it as evidence against me. Neither option was comforting.

"Why haven't you taken me to a cell yet?"

"I thought you might like to confess to the crime."

"I would not." Although I could not deduce what precisely was going on, it was too convenient to be a coincidence, which led me to only one conclusion: Roberson. The jagged sensation of imminent danger settled in my bones and under my skin. Whence this danger came and in what form, I did not know, but Holmes surely would. I had to put my trust in him. In the meantime, I would discover whatever I was able. I wished, not for the first time, that I had Holmes's talent for observation and deception. "Why would I confess to a crime I did not commit?"

Cinwell ignored my protestations of innocence, as I expected. "It would go best for you if you confessed. It really would. If you go before the summary court, the magistrate will be more lenient."

"I did not do it."

"The evidence suggests otherwise."

I decided to push. "The evidence was forged. Holmes will be able to prove it."

Cinwell replied, "I suspect Mr. Holmes will have other problems." Cinwell's expression, calm and uncaring, chilled me as much as his words did.

"Did Roberson pay you?"

"Roberson? I know no one called Roberson," Cinwell said. He could be lying, of course, or he could be just as easily working through a middleman, in which case his ignorance would be genuine.

"Marcus Roberson is one of the foulest criminals in London. I'm sure you could look up his file if you wanted the details, but I'm willing to paint you a picture in the broadest strokes. Roberson is a man who profits off the misery of others. He preys on the weak. He takes the most vulnerable, the most defenceless persons of society and ships them overseas to sell in Chicago brothels. He organizes kidnapping, rape, and murder. That is the man you're protecting by keeping me here. That is the man who will be running free in London until Holmes and I stop him."

It was difficult to tell in the glaring light, Cinwell's deep set eyes half-hidden in shadow, but I thought a saw some emotion skim across his features for the first time, a trace of something grey and desolate. I dared to hope that it was a flicker of remorse, or a fleck of shame. Imagined or not, it gave me my first opening since the manacles had been placed on my wrists.

I leaned forward, resting my cuffed hands on the desk between us and gave him my most earnest look. "Inspector," I said softly. "We both know that I didn't drop that fob. I for one am very interested in how it came to be there. Now, you have a chance to work with Sherlock Holmes instead of against him. Let me go. Come with me and tell Holmes everything you know and we'll stop whoever's behind this."

Inspector Cinwell's face became hard and set the moment I spoke, and whatever expression it was that I had seen or thought I saw was gone without a trace. A quick, bitter smile flashed across Cinwell's features. "This case goes higher up than me, Doctor. I just follow orders."

"Whose orders?" I asked. Cinwell did not answer, though his gaze remained fixed on mine. "Inspector, whose orders?"

He looked away, his lips curling. "I think you're a bit confused about how these interrogations are supposed to be run. It's the police who ask the questions, you see, and the suspect who answers."

My shoulders slumped as I sighed. "I have nothing to say."

A long stretch of silence passed. "In that case, I'll take you to your cell. If you change your mind, the guard will know where to find me." He rapped on the door and two constables entered. Holding my arms firmly enough to bruise, they led me first to the custody officer to strip me of personal belongings, then down a narrow and ill-lit passage until we reached a small cell at the far end.

The cell, once unlocked, revealed a prior occupant. A man, dishevelled and probably drunk if the redness of his nose and stream of bilious vomit on the floor was any indication, sprawled across the floor. This man was dragged from the cell with little effort but much noise, as the drunkard hollered and swore at the constables. When he was gone, I was established in his place, my only access to the outside world one tiny, barred window set high in the door.

Sweat and bile fouled the air but the water pitcher was clean enough, and, I mused, I had occupied filthier places in the course of my long and varied career. I made my way to the bench on the far wall, skirting the malodorous puddle on the floor, and laid myself down. Patience was one of my meagre supply of virtues, one often employed in the course of my life with Holmes. This virtue I practiced again, shrouding myself in calm so not to be rattled or flustered by anything that might come my way. Thus the hours passed by.

The guards walked up and down the hall at regular intervals, so I had long ceased noting their heavy tread upon the wooden floor. Therefore, the creak of the floorboards outside my door did not register as anything remarkable and I did not realize that I was about to be intruded upon until I heard the key scraping in the lock.

The door opened with a groan from its rusty hinges. The men standing on the threshold were backlit by the lamp in the hallway; nevertheless, I instantly recognized a certain tall and lanky silhouette.

"Holmes!" I exclaimed. My spirits rose at the sight of him. I sat up, but before I could gain my feet, Holmes had darted across the room and gripped my forearms in his hands, kneeling next to me on the bench.

"Watson." He scanned my figure. "You're looking well, all things considered."

The same could not be said for Holmes. He was hatless, his hair twisted and dishevelled by the wind, and he was only half-dressed in Mr. Wooster's ill-fitting cast offs. Most distressing of all were the cracked and eerie hollows deep in his grey eyes, like the hairline fractures of a shattered mirror. "Have you truly been letting yourself be seen in public like that, running about London in your shirtsleeves?" I teased, hoping to ease whatever dark self-recrimination was lurking within his heart. "At the very least you might have put on a jacket."

"I decided that, on the balance of things, that your arrest was rather more important than my sartorial propriety."

"As you can see, I've not suffered unduly." I took his hands in mine and added softly, "But I am glad you've come."

Holmes twisted on the bench to speak to Cinwell, who was watching with an impassive gaze. "May we have a few moments of privacy?"

"I can give you five minutes, no more. And you will have to be locked in."

Holmes nodded his assent and Inspector Cinwell departed, leaving us alone. It was a precarious sort of privacy, but I was grateful for it all the same.

"Holmes--"

"Watson, I'm so sorry. This should never have happened. I'm a fool for not anticipating it, a deplorable idiot." Holmes leapt to his feet and began to pace, three steps to the far wall and three back. "Do you know what evidence they have against you?"

"Cinwell said that he had four pieces of evidence, but he only spoke of one--my old fob, the one Mary gave me, was found in the grass, or so he said."

I did not need to say more. Holmes knew each and every one of my possessions, their history, location, and upkeep, as well as I did. "That is unsettling news," he said.

"I thought so as well."

"But not insurmountable," he continued as if I had not spoken. "I shall say that I was the one who dropped it. When the inspector returns, I'll confess to the crime. He need never know you were involved. And as I was the true instigator, my confession would be little more than a slight bending of the truth."

"You'll do no such thing," I said firmly. "I'm counting on you to get us both out of this. Heaven knows what I'd be able to do were our situations reversed."

"I'll not let you suffer unjustly for my mistakes."

"Stop blaming yourself!" I cried out. "No one can foretell the future, not even you. We couldn't have left Mr. Wooster at the mercy of that fiend. Every step you've taken has been logical and moral." I took a few breaths to calm my nerves. "Now please tell me what's going on."

"Roberson," he snarled.

"I had guessed as much. I was hoping you could provide a few more useful details."

"He has a least four hideaways established, all scattered about the East End. He's been rebuilding his criminal business, although the bulk of his efforts have been focused on me." Holmes smirked. "I suppose I should be flattered.

"He's made arrangements to travel to America in one week's time, for business, so we can assume that whatever plans he has for us, he expects them to have come to fruition by then. He's purchased a large quantity of chloral hydrate--undoubtedly for his lackeys to use to incapacitate their victims--also opiates, cocaine, and ergotamine. Unfortunately, he's done none of this personally and has left no tangible connection between himself and these criminal activities. Nevertheless, I'm on his trail now. I need hard evidence to bring to the police, and even then I must be careful to whom I present it. I was too trusting of the official force the first time, a mistake I do not intend to make again." He sat once more at my side and placed one hand on my knee, his sharp gaze softening, the fires of fervour for the hunt suddenly banked to a low and steady warmth. "I'll have you out of custody as soon as I can."

"Holmes," I placed my hands on either side of his face, as if I could impress my words upon his soul with my touch. "I want you to be careful. Don't behave with your usual frivolous recklessness."

He scoffed, "Watson--"

"I mean it. I know what you're like. You treat your body as an inconvenience and your life as a thing of little consequence. I won't allow you to destroy yourself for my sake. Don't take foolish risks. "

"My dear Watson, when have I ever been less than the soul of prudence?"

"Would you like me to list each occurrence individually, or by category?"

His lips twitched in a hint of a smile. "Your point is made."

I longed more than anything to be back in Sussex then, in our lonely cottage overlooking a grey and endless sea, the drone of bees and the whisper of the surf the only sounds to disturb the stillness; no secrets, no fear, only Holmes and I and the quiet years of our remaining days under a broad and wild sky. Alas, it was not to be, and the rank smell and hundreds of tiny sounds of a busy police station served to remind me how utterly foolish it would be to kiss him as I wanted to.

"Holmes--" I did not know what I would say. A declaration of love would, as I knew from experience, receive only a disdainful sniff or an uncomfortable darting of eyes depending on his mood. In the end, to my dismay I was able to say nothing at all. While I dithered, the key to the cell turned. Holmes and I resumed a more respectable distance between ourselves before Inspector Cinwell entered.

"Mr. Holmes," Cinwell inclined his head respectfully. "I'm afraid your time is up."

Holmes stood but made no move towards the door. "I have a few minor questions to ask you before I go. First, where, precisely, was the fob found?"

Cinwell did not seem at all surprised that I had told Holmes about the fob. He replied with cool and professional precision. "It was found in the lawn of the de Glanville house, approximately ten yards from the window through which the thief entered."

"Were there any tracks?"

"The rain had washed most of the tracks away, but there was one partial footprint left in the mud just under the sill. It's not much, but it does confirm that the thief was a man who wore shoes with a slightly squared toe, much like Dr. Watson's there."

"What of the window? I understand that it was fitted with an electric burglar alarm. How was it disabled and where would a man of prosaic intelligence like Dr. Watson come by such specialized knowledge?"

"I assume you have books and monographs on every sort of modern security device, all of which he would have access to. Once the glass was breached, it was a simple enough matter for a man with steady hands and technical know-how to rewire the alarm, bypassing the circuit."

"Never assume," Holmes scolded. "No, no, your theory won't do. How do you explain the Doctor's motive? One does not go from a respectable member of society to jewel thief at a whim."

Cinwell replied. "Dr. Watson's country practice doesn't earn much income, isolated as it is. Furthermore--"

"Bah!" Holmes snarled. "That's a feeble motive. Watson has other, safer avenues of acquiring extra funds should he need them. He's in no danger of becoming destitute."

"'Safer avenues?' You mean yourself?"

"I would be more than willing to lend him money, if it came to that."

"Anything to help your friend. Laudable." Cinwell's eyes glittered. "But his financial troubles are only a part of it. The other part is you."

Holmes cocked his head. "Please, do explain your logic."

"Crimes of this sort aren't performed merely for money. If money were the sole object, the thief would have run off with the silver, not taken the incredibly risky action of breaking into Lady Elizabeth's safe. But you, Mr. Holmes, showed the good doctor what a truly masterful criminal can do and presented it as the grandest of games, the finest of adventures. Perhaps, on some subconscious level, he wanted to recreate the golden days, give you a splendid crime to engage your mighty powers of deduction. Ultimately, one never knows for certain what goes on in the criminal mind. Motive can never be more than hypothetical unless the doctor chooses to confess all. I merely deal in facts, and leave the rest to the prosecution."

I could hold my tongue no longer. "Your manner of dealing in so-called facts involves dealing them out to the highest bidder."

Holmes raised a hand to stem the tide of bitter words rising in me. "Watson, your ire, however understandable, does you no good." He addressed Cinwell once more, his eyes narrowed and darting, assessing every detail and every weakness. I knew from experience how unnerving Holmes's scouring looks could be, and Cinwell, tensing under the scrutiny, was not immune. "Inspector, I will hold you responsible for Watson's wellbeing until I secure his release."

"Doctor Watson will be perfectly safe here," Cinwell replied. "If he's sentenced to prison, however...Well, you of all people know exactly what sort of rough folk inhabit such places."

Holmes raised one brow in challenge. "He will not go to prison." Then he turned to me. "I promise you, whatever is required of me, I will not stop until your are safe."

His empty and rigid countenance troubled me. "Holmes--" I began, wishing for some way to warn him to be cautious, to remind him that he was mine, but Cinwell's presence forced me to swallow my words down like a bitter pill. I said simply, "Take care."

Then Holmes was gone and I was alone again. The hours passed in silence. Food, if one was generous enough to call the gruel served up at suppertime by a name as charitable as "food," was brought in by a young constable who looked at me as though I were potentially explosive. I tried to strike up a conversation with him, but to no avail. Shortly after the supper dishes were retrieved, the door opened and another unexpected visitor arrived. I stood to greet my guest.

"Lestrade! My God, is it good to see a friendly face!" It had been over a decade since I had last seen Inspector Lestrade, and I was amazed at how much thinner his hair was and how deeper were the creases around his eyes. I spared a moment to wonder how old I must appear to him in his turn. Despite the years since we'd last spoken, he had always been a friend and loyal ally, and I was heartened by his presence.

He shuffled over to shake my hand. "I came as soon as I could, but I'm afraid I can't be of much help. Retired now, you see. But I still have a few contacts, and when one of them told me that you'd been arrested, I thought to myself that something strange must be going on."

I shook my head. "It's no matter. I can handle a few days in lockup, and with Holmes on the case, I'm sure my stay won't stretch on any longer than that. You know how persistent he can be."

"Don't I ever," Lestrade chuckled.

"In the meantime, though, any news or information you have would be most welcome." There was no chair to offer, so I motioned him towards the hard bunk that served as a bed.

"I have made a few inquires," Lestrade said, accepting the proffered seat. I sat beside him. "The police business isn't what it used to be. There's hardly an honest man on the force anymore. And it's only gotten worse since Horwood was made Commissioner."

"I had got that impression already," I retorted. "Cinwell's not exactly hiding the fact that the evidence has been fixed."

"Yes, well Inspector Cinwell is as crooked as they come. He used to be a talented fellow, a quick thinker and sharp as a knife. A big admirer of your stories, too," Lestrade added. "But then he got greedy, or fell into debt, or...well, who knows, really. All I can say is that these days he works more for the criminals than the law."

"I'm sure Holmes can handle him."

Lestrade glanced about shiftily and lowered his voice. "If it were just Cinwell, you'd be right, but it's deeper than that. The examining magistrate you're scheduled to go before is a fellow named Sir Bradley, and it's an open secret that he accepts bribes. But the real man behind it all is Superintendent Adams. He's the one who set up your preliminary trial with Sir Bradley, and he's the one pulling the strings on Cinwell. Adams never liked Mr. Holmes. Used to make foul insinuations about your friend, if you follow."

My heart sank. I remembered Adams. He was the inspector who ostensibly had been in charge of the investigation that finally brought Roberson before the Crown Court. Holmes had taken on the case at the request of a private citizen and Adams has resented the intrusion. After bits of evidence began to vanish, Holmes ceased offering Adams even the slightest hints or clues, and carried out his investigation in secrecy. Still, he was not able to get the charge of murder to stick. I had rarely seen Holmes so furious. There was never any proof that Adams had obstructed justice, but Holmes's suspicions were clear enough.

"I don't know who you and Mr. Holmes offended this time," Lestrade paused, inviting an answer, but when I offered nothing he continued, "but you've got to be careful. These days the men who swear to uphold the law aren't always on the side of justice. Mr. Holmes may have rock-solid proof of your innocence, but it won't do a lick of good if the Superintendent is forging evidence and the magistrate's taking money from the prosecution."

I nodded solemnly. "Thank you for telling me." A distressing thought occurred to me. "You won't land yourself in trouble for this, I hope?"

Lestrade shrugged. "I reckon I'm not important enough for them to bother with. I'm not telling you anything you and Holmes wouldn't have discovered for yourselves soon enough."

"Do be careful. There are already enough innocent bystanders involved." I thought of Jeeves and Mr. Wooster and wondered how safe they were now that Roberson was beginning the next stage of his offensive.

Lestrade drew himself up. "I may be retired, but that's no reason to treat me as a civilian." He spoke softly, as if I were a restive client who needed reassuring. "Doctor, I've been your collaborator on many cases, and I'd like to think that I'm your friend, too. Please, tell me what's going on."

I sighed and told him what I knew, by necessity leaving out certain private details. I had wondered more than once if he suspected the nature of my relationship with Holmes, but neither of us had ever spoken of it or even hinted at it, and now was certainly not the time to risk such a revelation. Lestrade listened in silence. When I concluded my tale, he nodded solemnly.

"I remember Roberson. Nasty business that was," he said. "I'll do what I can to help. At the very least I can ask around and find out who in the force you can trust and who you can't."

"That would be very kind of you," I replied, touched by his loyalty, even after so many years.

"Nonsense. I'm sure you and Mr. Holmes would do the same for me."

I shook his hand and he departed. Once he was gone, I lay down upon the bunk and closed my eyes. Imagining that the hard wood beneath me was a soft mattress and that a Sussex breeze whistled outside the walls, at last I fell into a restless slumber filled with strange dreams of Lestrade arresting Holmes for murdering Mr. Wooster.