Mother my Girlfriend I
I don't really know how or when it started but just one fine day I realised that I was in love with my mother. I wanted to be near her all the time, was jealous when she gave her attention to my sister or dad. I also knew that it is a secret that no one must ever know. It was a secret that even mom didn't know. I began to steal her used panties to sniff them at night, and it usually trigger a hardon. Her scent was glorious and I would masturbate and spew my load into the panty. Stealing her panty was quite a task and returning it in some causal place was even difficult. What if she began to suspect? She should know which panty she wore and when. After some attention to the way she carelessly pile up her used clothing, especially her bras and smudged panties, swiping one was a breeze. It was on a Saturday evening when I got bored with my regular friends; my mind was restless and I couldn't focus on anything. I wanted to watch my mother as I fantasized my desire to smell her secret places, to rub my face on her boobs as they jiggle with her movements. I just couldn't keep my mind from wandering and so I left my friends and went home. It was my lucky day because my younger sister and dad were nowhere in sight. Mom was doing something in the kitchen. "I'm home, mom." She turned and faced me with a smile, looking deeply into me. "Why aren't you doing things with your friends?" "I'm bored to death. Where is everybody, mom?" I asked not really wanting to have anybody else around. "I baked a cake and Cindy and dad volunteered to drive to granny's house with the cake." "Wow, mom. Is Cindy fourteen already?" "Fifteen," she corrected me. "Next month." She flashed a smile at me, which I thought was girlish and cheeky. "I kept this for you and me. Don't tell, alright?" I felt on top of the world. "Go and take a bath, honey, and we shall enjoy this lovely cake." I cleaned up myself and although I was tempted to give my John a whacking, I didn't. When I got out from the bathroom with a towel waist, I saw mom come in with a tray. She brought the cake and a bottle of wine and two glasses. "You mean I am allowed to drink?" I asked teasingly. I quickly put on a pair of shorts when she turned away to fill the glasses. "Let us chat. We haven't done that for quite a while" I panicked. She must have found out about her panties and had arranged for us to be alone to solve this problem. If it was, why the snack if she is angry? "I didn't mean to neglect you, honey; had some important matters that needs my attention." I felt reassured. When I turned to look at her, she had a little smile of amusement on her lovely face. "Oh God, if she is my girlfriend, my lover or even my wife..." I thought. Mom sat on the bed and I took my place by her side the way we usually do when in the hall. She giggled and gave me my drink. My mom and I drank a little wine and chatted about football, fishing and those asked things I do with my friends after school hours. When we got relaxed and friendly again, she put her arm round my shoulders with her nut pressed against me. She had her face just next to mine and looking intently into my eyes, she said, very softly, "I found my panty under your pillow." Her words startled me. She kissed me on the cheek. That was to put me back at ease. As I turned to face her again, she titled her head with her eyes closed and lips just slightly apart. Kissing her was my favourite day dream and she was making it come true. So I put my arms around her and our mouths came together. As our lips met, she clung to me with her arm round my neck. And I licked on her delicious mouth for all that it was worth. We broke our french kissing to gasp for air. "You like my smell, darling?" she said and jabbed her tongue into my mouth. She broke off again to breathe and said, "You have done it so many times too," My face turned red. I was fearful and uncertain. She was my mom and she cannot persecute me, so I told myself. I was confused. I decided to be brave as it was a moment of do or die. "I'm sorry, mom. I am addicted to your scent." I swallowed the lump in my throat. "I am in love with you, mom. I cannot help it...and it hurts so much." "Don't hurt anymore," she said breathlessly as she covered my face with her kisses. "I have loved you all the while, my baby." "I loved you, mom. I love you more than that. Oh...I don't know how to say it, mom. I love you so much." She laid her head on my chest and whispered, " I understand your feelings." she said. "And I also know that you cannot come to me with this evil thought. But I can come to you." Then she said, "I am your girl now, Bob." She touched my face and said, "Call me by my name, okay? I'm your girl." I was on top of the world and I was sure of myself. "I love you Liz. I want you Liz." She looked steadily into my eyes as she deliberately unbuttoned her blouse. She yanked apart the flaps and exposed her creamy boobs and pinkish dark nipples. She closed her eyes as I held her boobs with both hands. And I then knew that my dreams were coming true. I grabbed Liz in my arms and my mouth immediately found the swollen boobs. Her nipples were hard and swollen. I immediately took one boob in my mouth and began to eat. She leaned back on the bed headrest She cradled my head in her arm and brushed away my hair so as to watch me eat her tits. Her breathing were getting heavy and she made some throaty sounds which I used to hear when dad fucked her. She slid down on the bed, pulling me against her. Then I felt her hand fumble for my cock. She sighed with her eyes closed as she massaged my hard red meat. Then her mouth found mine and we french kissed for a long while. It was a heavenly taste of her mouth, her soft womanly scent and the soft sounds of a woman in surrender. Then she gently pushed me away. She removed her blouse and skirt and offered her total nakedness before my eyes. She was a girl, a woman to be taken and savoured and I was the man to pierce her sacredness. A ripe woman in her late thirties, solid and beautiful. "Take off your shorts," she said. "I want you to feel and taste the charms of womanhood." I pulled off my short and kicked it to the floor. I laid back and waited. I didn't know what to do next.
vnalav
04-07-2004, 03:01 PM
Mother my Girlfriend II
Then she was on top of me, sucking on my mouth and tongue. I could feel the wetness of her crotch brushing across my belly and her hanging boobs drag all over my chest. "Today is for me." she said into my ears. She began to kiss me all over my face, down my neck and kept moving down.. She kissed my chest and belly, all the while with my cock strangled in her hand. She gave my cock a couple of ups and downs with her hand and then lowered her head and took the long meat into her mouth. She ate hungrily on it , licked and sucked by balls in a hungry manner. Then she got up and straddled me. I looked down at her hairy snatch as she took hold of my cock and placed it at her crack. She sat down on it and let it slid in as deep as it could go into her. "Close your eyes, darling and feel," she said hoarsely. And she began to pump, up and down on me, slowly at first. "Feel, honey. Be conscious of the pleasure my warmth and wetness is giving." I could feel my cock push against her inside, stretching her hole. My cock went in and out of her secret place and she began to quicken her pace. Her breathing got heavier. Her boobs jiggling like two thin plastic bags of mare's milk. "Grab my tits," she said. I grabbed them and kneaded them brutally. She continued whacking my cock with her holy slit. She didn't feel the pain of my hands squeezing and kneading her boobs. Those dark nipples popped out gold fish eyes. The bed was bouncing like mad under our weight. I was in agony; caused by her cuntal grip and stroking the full length of my long meat. Then suddenly, she said, "Look at me," she sort of ordered me. Her face was flushed, her eyes were fiery and she appeared as though about to die. She pressed down hard against me, forcing the complete length of my cock to slide into her until my cockhead was at her womb's doorway. She grounded her waist on me. My cock was going to explode. But she cried out in a long, deep moan as she fell on me. She went into a spasm and she was making those ...huh.. huhs noises in time with the convulsion going on inside her. She dug her fingers into my back and her legs stiffened as her cunt began to weep. Her womb nibbled at my cockhead. I couldn't move. It lasted for a full minute, and she mewed like a whore in sexual throes. And then she became limp and fell heavily on me. She expired with a long sigh. Somehow I didn't spunk her up. Maybe it was the happiness of watching my Liz do the darkest thing with me. Maybe it was the unconscious desire to maintain a real hardon for her to complete the job. Anyway after a few moments of rest, she looked up at me and said, "You had a glimpse of my soul, honey. I am what my cunt wants. I become a whore when my desire for a man's cock flares up. Do you understand what I am saying, Bob? I whore myself to get a man's cock and spunk inside me." "Is alright, Liz. I shall be here whenever you want it," I said. "Would you allow a strange man see and enjoy the whore in me; like what you saw?" "Never, I will kill him," I protested. "Don't ever let any man touch you." She crawled up on me and we kissed unabashedly, like lover 's do. "Your dad will be going away on a business contract for two years. You will have to look after me while he is out of town." "I will mom. I will look after you forever," I said. "Really?" she teased. "During that time, men will smell me out. If I fall for a moment..." "Mom, don't ever let any man fuck you," I said. "Ever!" She handled my still hard and swollen cock and said, "Do you want me to relieve you now?" "Yes, mom, I want to fuck you." She kissed me on the mouth. "There are plenty of opportunities later," she said. She then got into the 69 position. "Do what you want with my cunt. And when you come, I will drink it all, you like that?" Before I could say anything, she had opened her legs and her sweet and wet cunt was aimed right at my face. She put my cock into her mouth and began to suck with one hand stroking it and the other hand fondling my balls. I immediately spewed my spunk into her mouth. She took it all, loving every bit of my shit. I buried my face on her cunt, loving her scent and her taste. We laid side by side for a long while. She said my face smelt of cunt and I know that her mouth smelt of cock. It was just beautiful sucking and licking her wet cunt and spewing sperm into her mouth. The next time around, my sperm was going inside her, impregnate her and cause changes to her lovely body. Her tits would swell and her nipples grow even darker. And every time she suffer from morning sickness, she will remember it was me who did her in and she couldn't tell a soul about it. She broke into my thoughts. "Promise never to talk about this secret?" "I won't. As long as you are mine, my lover and my wife." "And remember," she said. "You cannot come to me; it is I who will come to you, understand? Your dad and sister must not suspect anything, okay" I said I knew how to conduct myself in public. "Liz, remember?," she reminded me. "Whenever I come to you to do the dark deed, it is Liz." She laid on my chest to sleep off her tiredness. "Yes, Liz, I will love you forever." The world must never know even though it is none of its business.
End.
