The girl’s name was Wendy, and she was a heavy weight in Dean’s arms. Too heavy. Slowly pulling himself out of the hungry, violet haze, he released her lips and tilted his head back so that he could get a look at her face. There were dark circles under her closed eyes, and her skin was pale and dry. She was still alive, but this was too fucking close to the other night—to Helen Roizen—for Dean to do anything other than swear and drop her.

Which turned out to be a really bad idea because he was almost immediately surrounded by burly, angry-looking men. His head was still spinning, but he caught the general gist of their rapid conversation. Words like ‘rapist’ and ‘drugged’ tended to stand out a bit. He looked for Sam, but his brother was still down at the other end of the bar, although he’d started trying to fight his way through the gathering crowd toward Dean.

An olive-skinned man lifted Wendy while another—dirty blond hair, red chambray work shirt—clapped his beefy hands on Dean’s shoulders. “I’ll keep him here, Frank,” Chambray said. “You go call the cops.”

Shit. Dean struggled to find his feet, but that weak, lightheaded feeling was coming over him again, just like it had before. All the energy that he had just taken from Wendy was draining out of him and into the succubus, wherever that bitch was. Dean gripped the edge of the bar to keep from sliding off the stool.

“Let him go.” That was Sam’s voice. Sam riding to his rescue like the proverbial knight in shining armor. Except that the knight should be slaying the monster, not saving it. The image of Helen Roizen’s face—so flushed and eager one minute, and flaking and mummified the next—hung before Dean’s eyes in accusation.

Maybe Sam shouldn’t be bothering. If they locked him up, the only people Dean would be able to hurt were the cons on his cellblock. Which was … what? Somehow better? They were still people. Still lives that Dean would be trading for his own. For Sam’s.

“This guy just drugged that girl over there,” Chambray was explaining. “He ain’t going nowhere till the cops get here.”

“Dean?”

Dean could read the question in his brother’s voice: Sam wanted to know if he was on his own here, or if Dean was capable of offering an assist. He managed to shake his head. Way he was feeling right now, he’d be lucky to walk out of here on his own two feet. The exhaustion wouldn’t last, but it also wasn’t going to dissipate before the police arrived.

Chambray’s hands tightened suddenly on Dean’s shoulders as he exclaimed, “Jesus, man, what’re you—”

“You’ve got about ten seconds to let him go before I start putting holes in you.”

At Sam’s calm words, Chambray dropped Dean as though he’d suddenly burst into flames. Dean twisted his head around to see the man backing away with raised hands.

Sam, gun out and eyes tracking the movement of all the people around him, shifted to put his back to Dean. “Can you stand?” he asked softly out of the corner of his mouth.

“Do I have a choice?” Dean grunted, and then stared incredulously at the hand Sam offered him. Sam wasn’t a fucking amateur: he should know better than to try firing a gun, even a small pistol like the one he was currently waving around, with one hand. Damn thing’d recoil and he’d miss his target by a mile.

Dean slapped his brother’s hand away and hauled himself to his feet, leaning on the bar for support. “Both hands on the fucking gun,” he ground out, pitching his voice low so that no one else would hear the rebuke.

“If you need help, then—”

“I can walk fine,” Dean snapped. “Just wasn’t up to dancing with these assholes.”

Sam didn’t argue further, cupping the gun with both hands again and sweeping his gaze across the room for any signs of attack. “You ready?”

Dean ignored the wave of faintness that made his head spin and answered, “Yeah.”

“I want a clear path to the door!” Sam shouted, and the people who had been frozen between them and the exit suddenly discovered a fervent desire to be elsewhere. Sam ignored the frightened sobbing and strangled screams—Henricksen was gonna have a field day with this—and murmured, “I’ll cover you,” over his shoulder.

Dean obediently edged around his brother, concentrating on putting one foot in front of the other. He could feel the entire room watching him: hating him. Not that he deserved anything else. He was a monster, after all: a goddamned incubus with control problems. He’d killed one woman already, and he was going to kill more because he could already tell that Sam’s plan wasn’t going to work. The hunger had been worse this time—stronger, greedier—and he hadn’t done anything except kiss her.

He spat out a startled curse as his knees buckled, but Sam caught him and hauled him back onto his feet before he could go anywhere. Dean clung to his brother, waiting for one of the people surrounding them to realize that Sam couldn’t aim for shit right now—waiting for an attack—and no one moved. Apparently Sam had cowed them enough that they didn’t want to risk it.

Dean let Sam hook one arm around his shoulders for support as they made their way to the door—picking a fight with his brother in front of all of those people wasn’t a great idea—but as soon as they were outside, he shoved him away. “I can walk on my ow—”

“Bullshit,” Sam interrupted, tucking the gun into his pants before moving in again. “Now stop being stubborn and let me help you to the car before the cops get here.”

Dean scowled, but he didn’t fight when Sam slipped an arm back around his shoulders. “You’re a fucking moron, you know that?” he mumbled as his brother dragged him to the Impala. “What if someone had jumped you, huh? What the fuck were you gonna do with only one hand?”

“I wasn’t going to let you fall, Dean.”

“Asshole.”

Sam ignored him and all but shoved him into the passenger seat. He slammed the door while Dean was still fighting with his seatbelt and then jogged around to the driver’s side.

Dean figured Sam was angry—he’d just fucked up on his first run out, after all—but Sam only sounded concerned when he asked, “Are you okay?”

“Yeah.”

“Dean …”

“Well, what the hell else do you want me to say? No, all right? No, I’m not okay. I’m scared, is that what you want to hear? I’m fucking terrified that I’m gonna have to kill someone else—that I won’t be able to contr—” He snapped his mouth shut as a way out of this whole mess suddenly occurred to him. Felt his whole body go still.

“What?” Sam said, glancing over.

“Nothing,” Dean lied. If Sam knew—if he even suspected—that Dean was thinking about this, then he’d pitch a fit, and Dean didn’t think he could deal with his brother’s tears. Not right now.

“It’s not ‘nothing’, Dean. I can tell when you—”

“I was thinking about Helen, okay? Now can you please give it a fucking rest?” And that shut Sam up just like Dean had known it would. Left him free to stare out the window and wonder if it could really be that simple: if he’d just stumbled across an escape hatch.

If Dean was dead, then the succubus couldn’t very well expect him to keep feeding for her, could she? And there wasn’t anything in their little arrangement that said he couldn’t kill himself. Sure, suicide was a mortal sin and all that, but Dean was already going to Hell anyway. He’d been signed up for that trip for a few years now, really.

Best part of the whole thing was that Sam would be safe. Sure, the kid would be upset for a while, but he’d get over it. He’d move on, and he could actually have a normal life now that the demon was gone and his freak brother wasn’t holding him back.

As they passed a streetlight, Dean caught a glimpse of his brother’s reflection in the window and his chest constricted painfully. He had almost a full month left before he had to make another payment. He didn’t need to take care of things just yet. One more month with Sam: a month to finish saying goodbye (carefully, can’t let him find out), and then … then …

Then.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Dean knew that things weren’t going well before Sam threw the computer across the room, but that was the moment he gave up on the last dregs of hope he’d been clinging to. Sam wasn’t going to find a way to fix this. He couldn’t because there was nothing to find: no way out but the escape hatch.

Dean wished that he could convince his brother to give it up. Then they could spend the time that Sam was wasting on fruitless research goofing off instead, or just driving around with the windows down and the stereo up. For all the quality time that Dean was getting with his brother lately, he might as well just clock out now and be done with it.

“If you wanted a new laptop, all you had to do was ask,” he said mildly from his seat on the bed, as Sam stood in the middle of the room with his chest heaving, staring at the dent in the wall and the pieces of plastic and metal littering the floor beneath it.

Sam looked over at him with wide eyes and, for a few seconds, Dean was actually a little afraid of his brother. He’d never seen Sam this desperate: this poised on the edge of violence. He’d come close when he killed Jake, but that dude had only gotten what was coming to him. Sam’s face now said that he didn’t give a shit who or what got in his way: he was ready to kill everything and everyone to get his hands on what he wanted.

And just … no. Sam wasn’t going to become that. Not for Dean.

“Sammy?” he said carefully.

Sam seemed to pull himself back a little as he blinked and took a deep breath. He glanced at the remains of the laptop and ran a hand through his hair. “Sorry,” he muttered.

“No problem,” Dean responded, keeping his voice light. “I mean, I’ll miss my porn stash, but starting over from scratch can be fun too.”

Sam didn’t roll his eyes or crack a smile at the joke. Didn’t purse his lips in that annoyed, prissy way he had. He only looked at Dean with eyes that were slowly hardening and said, “I don’t think that we’re going to find the answer this way.”

Duh, Dean thought, but he wasn’t feeling too suicidal right this second, so he didn’t actually say it out loud. Leaning back on his elbows, he gently asked, “What other way is there, man? I mean, you’ve called all our contacts, and between you and Bobby I think you’ve gone through just about every resource on demons that exists.”

Bobby had been the only one that they’d trusted with the truth about the situation. Not that they’d had much of a choice: the man had already known about Dean’s original deal, and he wasn’t stupid. The fact that Dean was walking around past his expiration date would have told him instantly that something was up. Sure, they could have tried coming up with a plausible lie, but somehow Bobby always knew.

“Not every resource.” Sam’s voice was rough. He sounded like he’d spent the last hour either crying or screaming. Dean, who’d been in the room with his brother the entire time and hadn’t heard any yelling from Sam’s direction, was pretty sure which one he’d been wasting his time on.

As Dean frowned, trying to figure out what Sam was getting at, his brother added, “There’s one sure way to find out. An incubus—a real one—would know how to—”

“No,” Dean cut in as soon as he realized what Sam wanted to do. He meant it, too: used the ‘this is my final word on the matter, now fall in line and march’ tone of voice that he’d picked up from Dad. Of course, that particular voice had never worked on Sam.

“It’ll know, Dean. It has to know how to control feedings.”

Dean’s jaw twitched. Just once—just once—he’d like to have Sam actually listen to him. “I mean it, Sam. You’re not summoning a goddamned demon.”

“Why not?” Sam demanded, his mouth thinning dangerously. The air was so thick with his frustration and anger that Dean thought he might choke on it. “You and Dad did. I’m kinda feeling left out here.”

“Yeah, well, one deal per Winchester,” Dean shot back. “You already had yours: that’s why we’re in this mess in the first place.”

“No, Dean, we’re in this mess because you couldn’t let me go!”

There really wasn’t anything he could say to that. They’d been over this before, after all, and Sam was right: this was entirely Dean’s fault. Dean dropped his eyes and stared at his fingers, picking distractedly at one of the rips in his jeans. He heard Sam sigh before walking over to sit on the other bed with a creak of worn springs.

“Look, I’m not gonna make a deal with it. I promise. I’m just going to ask it some questions, okay?”

“Demons never give anything away for free,” Dean pointed out. He couldn’t seem to make himself look at his brother. His stomach was churning at the thought of all the pain that his greed for more time together was causing Sam. He should have made a clean swap like Dad. Sam would already be done with his grieving and moving on with his life by now.

“It’s just information,” Sam said. “And if it wants … something … in return, then I can—”

“No,” Dean blurted, and snapped his head up. The idea of Sam letting one of those filthy bastards use him like that was just … It wasn’t going to happen, was all. “If it wants something, I’ll do it.”

Sam’s brow furrowed. “But you aren’t even—”

“Yeah, I am. Sometimes.” God, this so wasn’t the way he’d wanted Sam to find this out—not that he’d ever wanted Sam to find out, really; it was none of his goddamned business—but there it was. One of the last secrets Dean had, laid out in the open for his brother to gape at.

“But—but you—all those women—” Sam seemed to be having trouble processing. If Dean hadn’t known that Sam batted for the home team himself every once in a while, he’d be feeling a little self-conscious right now.

“What can I say?” Dean asked wryly. “I’m an equal opportunity slut.”

“Don’t.”

He raised one eyebrow. “Bit late for that, man.”

“I mean don’t—don’t call yourself that. You aren’t, okay? You’re not—not like that.”

Which was a fucking weird thing to say because Sam usually spent half his time rubbing Dean’s nose in just how much of a slut he really was. Except that right now Sam was giving him this earnest, heated stare, and Dean could hear the crossroad demon’s taunting words in his head: ‘Do you know that sometimes, when Jessica used to suck him, he’d close his eyes and imagine it was you?’.

Memory threatened again, and even though he didn’t know what he’d hidden there, Dean knew that it was bad. Knew that if he let himself see that sun-dappled lawn, let himself remember whatever had happened there, he’d lose his tenuous grasp on his own sanity.

She was lying, he told himself. She was just saying that to fuck with me. But his chest constricted, and he had to drop his eyes.

“Whatever,” he mumbled. “Point is, if there’s any ‘doing’ that has to be done, it’s gonna be me and not you.”

“Dean—”

“This isn’t open for debate, Sam,” Dean said as harshly as he could while staring down at his own stomach.

He expected Sam to fight him on it, but instead his brother just whispered, “Okay,” and then asked, “Can we—when do you want to—”

“Let’s just get it over with.” The sooner Sam realized there was no way out of this mess, the sooner he’d stop searching for something that didn’t exist. And the more time Dean would have to make his goodbyes.

“Tomorrow night,” Dean added. He caught Sam’s nod out of the corner of his vision.

“Yeah, okay.”