Emily's Adventures XX

Disclaimer:  This is a work of fiction.

The girls have to sneak into the house without getting found out, and later have some fun with dinner!

	“Okay, I'm the least obvious.”  Emily was explaining the plan for getting into the house and upstairs without their mother seeing them in this state.  They knew they had to hurry because their dad would be home any minute now.  “I'll go inside and call out to mom – she'll respond and then I'll know where she is.  I'll shout out that I need to go to the bathroom and that I'll be right back down, that way she'll stay where she is and not seek us out.  I'll signal to you guys when the coast is clear.”  Emily stood up straight (they had been crouching behind her mother's car in the driveway.  She pulled her micro skirt down as far as she could, hoping it would cover her exposed pussy and ass.  She knew her mother wouldn't approve of her wearing just it anyway, but better that she not know that she also hadn't been wearing any panties.  
	She took out her keys and unlocked the front door.  She took a deep breath and stepped inside the entryway.  Just then her mother came out of the den with a magazine in her hand.  “Oh hi dear.”  She said as she looked away from her magazine and at her oldest daughter.  Her eyes looked Emily over and Emily swore she saw a look of disapproval on her face.  “Where's your sister?”  She asked.
	“She'll be home in a few minutes, she was just behind me.”
	“Okay, your father called to say he'd be home around 6:30 . . . so we'll eat around then.  He is going to stop and pick up Chinese food.”
	“Sounds great!”  Emily said.  Her face was bright red and she fidgeted nervously.
	“You stink!”   Her mother said, wrinkling up her nose.  “You should take a shower!”
	“I know,” admitted Emily.  “I had an accident.”
	“Well tell your sister to let me know when she gets home, I need to finalize the plans for ballet class tomorrow.”  Emily nodded furiously as her mother walked off towards the kitchen.  She was embarrassed beyond belief as she realized what her mother must be thinking after she said that she had had an accident.  But she had left and not yelled at her about the length of her skirt, so maybe it was all for the best.  Emily ran back to the door and signaled the girls, who all ran inside.  The four of them ran upstairs, giggling with the thrill of almost being caught.
	They got upstairs and ran into Emily's room, slamming the door behind them and locking it.  They took a deep sigh as they began to relax.  “Thanks sis!” Anna said as she approached Emily.   Anna reached around her big sister and grabbed her bare ass as she pulled her into a kiss.  Their tongues wrestled inside their mouths while their lovers looked on, jealously.  “I guess we need to get cleaned up.” Anna said as she broke free of her sister.  The girls hid their dirty clothes in Emily's closet and ran nakedly to the bathroom.
	They jumped into the shower after having locked the bathroom door.  Before they turned on the water however, there was the small matter of getting the poo out of everyone and putting it down the toilet.  The tub was a combination jet tub and shower, so it was big enough for all four of them.  Anna and Megan had already emptied the contents of their panties and diapers into the toilet,, and since they had nothing inside of them, they were ordered to sit down into the tub.  
	Emily and Sara stood over them, their legs spread wide.  They began to rub at their clits, sometimes moving their hands over to rub at the other's.  Soon they were spasming in orgasm.  Their muscles pulsated with pleasure and expelled the strange woman's turds onto the two younger girls.  The younger ones also masturbated, the turds sliding down their chests and onto their stomachs.  They came together as cum dripped down onto them from the two older girls cunts.
	The poo was picked up and placed in the toilet, and flushed away (just barely without clogging the plumbing).  The shower was turned on and the four girls had a good time getting each other clean, their hands roaming all over each other's bodies.  They split up between Emily's and Sara's rooms after the shower and got dressed, Sara and Megan both borrowing clothes.
	They went downstairs just as their father was walking into the house.  “Hi girls!”  he said as he closed the front door behind him.  “Oh hi Megan, hi Sara.  I didn't know you guys would be joining us.  I brought plenty though so we should be fine!”  He smiled as the girls walked into the kitchen after saying hello.  Sara couldn't be sure but she thought she had caught him checking her out.  She was wearing a pair of Emily's old gym shorts and a t shirt.  The shorts were very short and a little tight – she blushed as she noticed Emily's dad looking at her legs.
	“Hello girls, hello honey”  Susan was placing plates on the table.  “Oh, are you guys spending the night?”  She asked as Megan and Sara entered the kitchen.  They nodded and she smiled back at them.  She was happy her daughters had made such good friends and was happy to have them.  They all sat around the kitchen table and helped themselves to generous portions of rice, curry, sesame chicken, egg rolls, beef with broccoli, etc.  The girls were ravenous after their strenuous afternoon of fun and Susan commented on how hungry they all were.
	Susan asked if they had found the appropriate clothing for Anna's ballet class, and they nodded their ascent, describing the leotards and tights they had picked out.  While Anna and Megan told Anna's mother and father about the class she would be taking, Sara and Emily whispered back and forth.  Sara had discretely moved her egg roll from her plate to her lap, and was relieved to see that no one had noticed.  She moved the leg hole of her short shorts aside, and pushed the egg roll against the opening of her already damp vagina.  She slid it in slowly.  It was greasy and still warm (though not too hot, she had waited for it to cool a little).  She spread her legs a bit further under the table and gasped as the roll found the opening and slid inside her.
	“Everything okay Sara?” Glenn asked.
	“Oh . . . ah, yes.  Sorry, just had a chill.”
	“Do need a blanket or something?  You're not wearing very much.”
	“That's okay Mr. Johnson”
	“It's Glenn, please.” Glenn said with what might have been too wide a smile.  The general conversation continued.  Sara waited a minute and then moved her hand back to her pussy.  She pushed on the egg roll and it slid further inside her – she didn't stop pushing until she felt her labia close in around her finger; the egg roll was fully inside now.  She smiled and blushed, enjoying the feeling of being full while at the table with her lover's parents.  The secrecy was intoxicating, she didn't want to get caught but the thrill of it was turning her on.
	She reached over under the table and grabbed Emily's hand, moving it to her thigh.  Emily naturally started to massage the creamy flesh of her thigh, higher and higher, until her fingers brushed against the hot pink flesh of her lover's pussy.  Sara directed one of Emily's fingers into her incredibly wet vagina, and smiled as she felt Emily's finger make contact with the egg roll.
	“Is that an egg roll?” Emily asked, realizing only too late that she had said that out loud, interrupting the conversation.
	“Is what an egg roll honey?  Her mother asked, looking at her eldest daughter inquisitively.
	“Uh.  I mean . . . are there any egg rolls left?”
	“Yes!  Yes there are egg rolls.”  Sara responded pointedly, passing the little paper bag of egg rolls to Emily who put one on her plate.  Sara handed her the sweet and sour sauce and winked at Emily as she took it, causing both girls to break out laughing.
	“You girls are so weird,” Susan said, “sometimes I just don't know what gets into you.”
	“Egg rolls sometimes.” Emily said, causing her and Sara to start laughing again.  After the girls had calmed down, Glenn started telling about his day, which was not very interesting.  Emily had been idly dipping her egg roll into a dish of sweet and sour sauce, but still hadn't taken a bite.  All of the roll but that part covered by her fingers was dripping with translucent red sauce.  She waited until no one was paying attention and then moved her hand (and the egg roll) under the table.  
	Emily was also wearing short, loose shorts . . . the kind she had worn when she played soccor when she was younger.  They were comfortable and sometimes she slept in them.  But now they were easy enough to move aside.  She spread her legs and as quickly as possible shoved the dripping egg roll into her vagina, not stopping until it was all the way inside.  
	Sara had been watching her the whole time, and smiled excitedly when she saw Emily move her hand to her mouth and suck off what sweet and sour sauce remained on them.  Sara imagined the sauce covered egg roll in her lover's vagina, and delighted at the thought of eating out what was sure to be a delicious mess.
	Dinner was more or less wrapped up and the four girls carried their plates to the dishwasher and threw away some of the empty food containers.  Emily and Sara tried their hardest to walk normally, though it was hard with large egg rolls filling them.  As they were about to head upstairs, Emily heard her mother's voice call out from behind them.
	“Emily sweetie!”  Emily turned around slowly.  “You dripped on yourself, just there.”  Susan turned her daughter around and pointed to the back inside of her left thigh where a drop of red sweet and sour sauce clung to her pale flesh.  Emily's face turned immediately bright red, she could feel it, and she hoped her parents didn't notice.
	“Huh.  How'd that happen?”  She asked, trying to sound sincere in her question.
	“I swear, you kids can make messes in the strangest places.”  With that Susan reached down and wiped the spot from her daughter's thigh with her forefinger which she promptly put into her mouth and sucked clean.  An innocent enough action, but given the circumstances to which Susan was unaware, incredibly sexual.
	“Thanks mom!” Emily said, relieved that she didn't suspect how it got there (who would?).  She spun back around and headed upstairs to join the other girls who were already in her room, laughing.

By
Craven Raven

Please send feedback to:  cravenravenerotica@gmail.com  I love to hear that people are reading my stories!  Please make sure to visit my website:  http://www1.asstr.org/~Craven_Raven/index.html
