Éowyn gazed upon Faramir, and saw him as though anew, as though the patina of habit and familiarity had been polished clean off him in a single swipe. He was again how he had been before he became hers – at that point in time when it had still been possible that he would never come to be hers. It had been up to her then, to accept or deny him. She had made that choice, once and for all, as the people of the Mark ever did.

White and gold to black and silver – how fitting it had always felt, how complementary.

A hotheaded woman of the wild North, uncompromising, forthright – she knew some called her that, and all that she may be, but she was no fool. Not being a fool meant she had well learnt that however tempting, the immediate reward of catering to hurt pride seldom served as a rosy long-term strategy. She had picked this man, perfect as he had once seemed, or somewhat flawed as it had eventually turned out, and she was not inclined to throw him away on a whim – much less inclined to watch him throw himself away. 

Wronged as she was, naturally it would have been agreeable to see him pay for it – within reason. Pay with shame, and remorse, even with fear that he had stupidly lost her – but her gleeful desire to figuratively whip him for his misdeeds had not actually gone beyond that rather tame scope.

How could he take it this far? 

Then again, being the sort of man that she knew him to be, having had the history that he did – how could he possibly take it any other way?

Indeed, to her puzzled question Faramir only shrugged, as though he had voiced not merely a self-evident but, in fact, the only possible solution. 

“By the custom of my people, as a husband I am entitled to certain rights to you, my lady, that is true, but I do not own you in your entirety. You know well enough I never keep even a servant against their will – much less would I a wife.” 

She chose her words carefully. “A servant you may dismiss, my lord, very true. For such is the oath your servants pledge to you that you may give them leave. But much as your intent is very noble, the bond that tied me to you is inseverable.” 

“You mean the law?” he grinned softly. “That can be arranged. However few, there have been precedents – back in the age of the Kings, but if anything, that makes it only the more relevant today. As I’ve said, I owe you this much, Éowyn.”

He could not have possibly known how much she had seen and learned, let alone what she had been so busy doing during said learning. How could have she gotten herself cornered, led him to disarm her so accidentally? 

The defeat tasted uncomfortably familiar – heavy, acute bitterness. A timely reminder that promising visions were misleading, that good things did not last, that she never saw the full picture until it was too late. That fate ever bestowed upon others what she could never earn at any cost to herself. As of late she had come to think fate was kinder than it seemed – so much for that.

All breath went out of her, and a sudden heat washed in her face, and without warning it burst forth, the rage she had so looked forward to unleashing before. The one thing she had always feared had finally befallen her – she was caged. By one man who knew no better, who could see no better – and another one who did not even care.

“You... You!” She could not begin to find the words – perhaps she would have to reconsider her earlier resolution about not screaming. Perhaps she would have to punch someone in the face, with a fist, to get it across. 

"I shall not allow it."

They both turned to stare at the King.