Anita and the Voyeur
By CanadianTease
(c) August 2005


Chris moved carefully and quietly through the 
darkness, around the edge of the dune fence that 
separated the small bungalow from the beach house he 
had been sharing with his friends.  It had been a 
great vacation by the shore, and now that his buddies 
were gone he was feeling restless.  The summer was 
winding down, and he had a few days left to himself, 
alone.  The partying was over, and he was horny...

He had spotted the two girls when they had moved in a 
month ago - a cute, slim brunette with curly hair, and 
a blonde.  They were both pretty, but it was the 
blonde who had invaded his thoughts and fantasies for 
the past month.  She was incredibly beautiful and 
exciting - long legs, full hips, and large firm 
breasts that made his fingers flex involuntarily 
whenever he saw her, as he imagined caressing and 
squeezing them.  She had deep blue eyes and full, 
sensuous lips that always seemed to be curled in a 
mocking smile.  He had only spoken to her once or 
twice on the beach, just to say hello, but each time 
had left him weak and breathless.  Her eyes were 
piercing and ironic, they penetrated and took his 
measure, they delved and found his lust and stirred 
it.

He was behind the house now, in total darkness save 
for the light that fell from the windows onto the sand 
and scrub grass.  As he had guessed, the window in the 
middle was the bathroom.  His heart leapt when he 
heard the sound of running water - someone was taking 
a shower.  He hurried forward and crouched down under 
the window.  It was open, and the shade was only half 
drawn.  Cautiously, he rose and ventured a peek 
through the screen...

He hadn't been the only one to notice the two girls.  
They weren't on the beach very often, but when they 
were he noticed that there were always men walking by 
their towel, men with obvious erections bulging in 
their swimming trunks.  And no wonder!  Both girls 
wore the most tantalizing bikinis that barely covered 
their breasts and clung revealingly between their 
legs, and always seemed on the verge of falling off.  
They often took turns spreading lotion on each other, 
each girl lying on her stomach with her top undone 
while her friend slowly caressed her back with 
lotioned hands.  When the blonde lay this way, her 
ample breasts swelled to the side, and her friend made 
sure to include them as her hands passed down her body 
from shoulders to ankles, lingering to caress her 
flawless buttocks.  Sitting up, she held the bikini 
top cupped to her breasts, as her friend refastened it 
behind her back.  Chris was maddened by these scenes 
of erotic tease, and became consumed with an 
overwhelming desire to see her completely nude.

Now, with his friends gone, his need to see the blonde 
temptress next door undressed became irresistible.  So 
tonight, after one beer too many, he decided to give 
in to temptation and play the peeping tom.

The bathroom was small, and the shower was only about 
four feet from the window.  It had a semi-transparent 
sliding glass door of the sort that allowed light to 
pass through, but distorted the view so that you could 
almost, but not quite, see what was on the other side.  
But what Chris saw was enough to make his cock spring 
to attention - it was the blonde who was in the 
shower; the color of her hair was unmistakable, and he 
could see the vague outlines of her voluptuous figure 
through the distorting glass as she lifted her arms 
and turned back and forth under the shower, washing 
her hair.  At times she came very close to the 
translucent door, and he was able to make out the size 
and shape of her mouth-watering breasts, so high, so 
full, her nipples not quite discernible through the 
maddening distortion of the door.  When she turned to 
the side he could see in profile a suggestion of the 
magnificent ass that he had drooled over so many times 
on the beach.  The more he watched the more tantalized 
and frustrated he became.  He pushed down his shorts 
and began to stroke his excited cock in anticipation 
of seeing her step out of the shower.  Ohhhh, he 
needed this so much!

Inside, the girl turned off the faucets and squeezed 
the water out of her hair for a few moments.  She 
looked down at herself and caressed her breasts, proud 
of the body she took such good care of, and which she 
knew excited men so much.  She smiled, thinking of the 
teasing she and Lara had subjected the men on the 
beach to.  She enjoyed doing that; she enjoyed it a 
lot.  Sliding the shower door to the side, she stepped 
out and reached for a towel.

When Chris heard the water stop, he quickly got closer 
to the window, his cock in his hand.  He looked 
furtively to the side, to make sure no one had noticed 
him at the back of the house, peeking through the 
window.  When he looked back, he found himself looking 
straight into the eyes of the blonde as she stood 
holding a towel in front of her.

"Son of a bitch!  You bastard!" she screamed at him, 
as he dropped to the ground and scurried along the 
edge of the house, then back into the dunes, into the 
darkness. "Oh shit!" he muttered to himself. "I don't 
fucking believe this!  Caught, I got mother-fucking 
caught!  What the fuck am I going to do now?"  He hid 
in the dunes, trying to figure out what to do next.  
He listened for signs of commotion, for screaming or 
yelling.  He didn't know what he'd do if he heard 
sirens or saw flashing police lights!

After a while he crept back to his own house.  
Everything was quiet. "Huh!" he thought. "Did she just 
blow it off?  God, I hope so!  She prob'ly didn't 
recognize me anyways, she couldn't a seen who it was 
through the screen.  That was close.  Shit!"

He had another beer to calm himself down, and went to 
bed.  For a long time he lay masturbating to the 
vision of the little bit he had been able to see, and 
the teasing images from the beach. "Ohhhh my god, 
those tits..."

* * * * *

He awoke late the next morning.  In view of what had 
happened the night before, he decided to lay low for 
the day.  He stuck around until he saw the girls next 
door head for the beach, then he drove into town and 
spent the day there.  He took in a movie, then went 
home after a late dinner.  It was dark next door when 
he arrived.  He went inside and turned in right away.

About mid-morning the next day he became aware of 
voices and activity outside the house.  He went to the 
window and looked out furtively.

The two girls from next door were getting into their 
car.  The roof rack was piled high with their 
belongings, and they were waving good-bye to some 
other girls who were walking up the road on their way 
to the beach.  The car backed out of the driveway, and 
set off down the road towards the highway.

As he watched the car disappear, Chris felt a vague 
disappointment.  He was glad that nothing had come of 
the peeping-tom incident, but he was also still filled 
with an aching desire for that tantalizing blonde.  He 
went to the door and opened it, hoping to get another 
glimpse of her as she left.

As he opened the screen door, something that had been 
leaning against it fell to the side.  Stepping 
outside, he saw that it was a small package wrapped in 
brown paper.  The package bore the inscription "Hi, 
Neighbor!" in pencil.

Puzzled, he brought the package inside and opened it.  
It was an unmarked video tape.  He ran to the door and 
looked out - no one was there, and the car carrying 
the girls was gone.  He went back inside, and took the 
tape into the living room and put it in the VCR.  
Intensely curious, he settled back to watch.

When the initial static had ended and the picture 
burst into view, his jaw dropped - it was the blonde!  
She was standing barefoot in what was probably the 
living room next door, wearing a very short, loose 
denim skirt and a white short-sleeved blouse.  Red 
hair-ties gathered her hair into two ponytails, making 
her look very young.  She was sucking on a lollipop.

"Hi!  I'm Anita, your next door neighbor - but, then, 
you probably recognize me, don't you?"  She smiled 
suggestively, and gave the lollipop a lick. "I'm 
making this tape because I'm, well, because I'm sorry 
that I sort of over-reacted the other night - you 
really startled me, guy!  I don't usually act like 
such a scaredy, screechy girl."

As she spoke, she causally unbuttoned the top button 
of her blouse.  She smiled and pursed her lips around 
the red lollipop, moving it in and out of her mouth a 
couple of times, all the while looking straight into 
the camera.  Chris gulped. "So much for her not 
knowing who I was!" he thought.  At the same time, he 
felt a stirring between his legs.

"Anyway, Lara and I decided to say Hi in this tape, to 
let you know there are no hard feelings.  You know, 
Lara, right?  She's my housemate - and now she's my 
camera girl!  Come here, camera girl, and say hello!"

Anita walked forward and reached out, and the picture 
got jumbled and out of focus for a second as she took 
the camera.  Then there was the other girl, the curly-
haired brunette, waving at the camera.  She was now 
holding the lollipop, trying to decide what to do with 
it.

"There's Lara!  Wave, Lara!  Say hi to 'Guy' - he 
likes looking at sexy little sluts!"  Lara crossed her 
eyes and stuck out her tongue.  Then she reached 
forward and took the camera back.  When the picture 
settled down, there was Anita again.

"Lara, you're such a goofball!  Isn't she a goofball?  
It's so much fun making home movies with her - she 
really brings out my good side..."  As she said this 
she turned her back and stuck out her shapely ass 
provocatively, looking back over her shoulder with her 
hands on her hips.  Then she turned front again and 
posed with her arms raised, clasping the back of her 
head.  She turned in profile and stuck out her chest, 
emphasizing the size and contours of her large, high 
breasts.  The camera shook, and Lara could be heard 
giggling.   Anita broke out in a fit of laughing, 
covering her mouth to suppress her giggles.  When she 
recovered her composure, she undid another button on 
her blouse.

"So, here we are in Anita and Lara's house - shall we 
give you a tour?  Yes?  Well, come on!"  She started 
to turn, and the camera perspective changed, as Lara 
evidently crouched down near the floor, giving a clear 
view up Anita's skirt. "Why, Lara, you naughty girl!"  
Anita twirled around, revealing a momentary flash of 
white panties as her skirt flipped up.  She licked her 
lips at the camera, then turned and proceeded to walk 
out of the room. "This way, sir!" she said, turning 
and walking backward, beckoning with her index finger.  
She undid another button.

"This is our kitchen, as you can see."  The camera 
panned the room, lingering on the dirty dishes in the 
sink. "Never mind that, Lara," Anita said,"don't 
advertise that we're slobs!"  She reached forward and 
pulled the camera back to her. "There - that's 
better!"  She undid another button as she turned and 
walked through a door.

"Now, I'll bet this room looks familiar to you, 
guy..."  They had entered the bathroom, with its 
shower and frustrating translucent door.  She stepped 
into the shower and half-closed the door. "Peek-a-
boo!" she laughed, as she looked out at him. "You 
didn't get to see much the other night, did you?"  She 
looked straight into the camera with her impossibly 
blue eyes, and gave a little pout. "Aw, that's too 
bad!"  Stepping out of the shower, she undid the last 
button on her blouse.  She looked down at her open 
blouse, feigning surprise. "Oh my, look at what I've 
done!  Now how did that happen?  Well, since you 
wanted so badly to get a little peek..."  Never taking 
her eyes from the camera, she slowly removed her 
blouse, revealing her full, voluptuous breasts, barely 
covered by a lacy white bra.  The half-cups held her 
globes like two hands offering her up to his gaze, cut 
so low that they just missed exposing her nipples by a 
fraction of an inch. "You like?" she whispered.  She 
reached behind her and opened another door. "C'mon in 
here," she said softly.

They were now in her bedroom.  Most of the space was 
taken up by a large bed, which was covered with a 
light quilt decorated in a pattern of wild flowers.  
Two stuffed animals rested on the pillows.  She turned 
and faced the camera, lightly running her fingertips 
over her swelling breasts.

"It was really very naughty of you to peek at me like 
that, you know.  But I can't be too mad at you, guy.  
I mean, all you were after was a little something to 
get you hot, right?  Just wanted a little peek?"  As 
she spoke she slowly lifted her skirt until her 
panties were just barely visible, clinging tightly to 
her pussy.  She let it drop after about half a second.

"Guys are always trying to get little peeks, I guess 
it's just in their nature.  So why should I blame you?  
You just wanted to see something that would get your 
cock nice and hard.  That's what you like, isn't it - 
getting your cock big and hard?  Is it getting hard 
now, guy?"

Pouting into the camera, she lowered the zipper of her 
skirt, then slowly pushed it down over her hips.  She 
smiled. "This what you were looking for?" she 
whispered.  Her panties were lacy and very tight, sexy 
hip-huggers that clung to every curve.  She turned to 
let him see her from the rear, see how the tight 
fabric stretched across her hips into the cleft 
between her firm cheeks.  She looked back over her 
shoulder and smiled.

"Actually, I guess I should be flattered that you 
wanted so see me so badly," she said. "It's nice to 
know that a girl is appreciated.  You appreciating me 
now, guy?"  She climbed up onto the bed and sat 
leaning against the pillows.  Her knees were bent, and 
she grasped her shins, holding her legs wide apart.  
The camera zoomed in for an extreme close-up between 
her legs.  The crotch of her panties was pressed 
tightly into her pussy, clearly defining the shape of 
her vulva; the narrow strip of fabric was barely able 
to cover her lips, which were starting to peek out on 
the sides.  The effect was tantalizing and, of course, 
a deliberate tease.

The camera zoomed out again.  Anita's eyes were wide 
in little girl innocence as she gently caressed the 
inside of her creamy thighs. "So, you like this, guy?  
Am I giving you a hard-on?"  She grinned and licked 
her lips lasciviously, and ran her hands over her 
body, squeezing and massaging her breasts, lightly 
brushing her pussy with her fingertips.

"Are you touching yourself, guy?  Oooo, I hope so!  I 
love to think about men getting so excited they just 
have to stroke their cocks, getting them so big and 
hard and aching.  I know that's what you're doing now, 
guy - masturbating while you watch me, making your 
cock feel sooooo good.  Does it feel good, guy?  You 
really love it, don't you?  I bet you wish I was doing 
it to you..."

She leaned forward and wrapped her arms around her 
knees; just the crotch of her white panties peeked out 
from between the bottoms of her thighs.  Speaking 
softly, her voice took on a mock-conspiratorial tone.

"You know, I have a little confession to make.  The 
fact is, I am just obsessed by the thought of men's 
cocks, totally!  Big cocks, little cocks, any cocks at 
all, I just love thinking about them, seeing them, 
touching them.  The thought of a guy sitting back and 
stroking himself while he thinks about a sexy girl, 
moaning and wanting her so much - oooo, that gets me 
so tingly!  It doesn't matter how old he is, or how 
fat or skinny he is - as long as he's excited and his 
cock is aching and begging for attention, that's all I 
need to get so wet!"

The camera pulled in to a close-up of her face. "I 
love getting men hot.  I love being a cock-tease and 
driving guys nuts with wanting to fuck me - I 
especially like to think about what it does to them 
when they know they never can."  She frowned in mock 
concern, and bit her lower lip. "Ohhh, you poor guys, 
so hot and bothered, wanting it so much!  I'd know 
exactly how to give you what you need, and you can 
tell, can't you?  I know just how to give frustrated 
boys long, slow pleasure - and sometimes I do."

Her eyes narrowed and her lips curled into a wicked, 
seductive smile. "But why don't I just show you?" she 
whispered. "Let's go into Lara's room."

She got off the bed and slowly walked back through the 
living room and into Lara's bedroom.  The camera 
followed her, focusing on her enticingly undulating 
ass.

The camera remained close on Anita from the waist down 
as she entered the room.  She stopped at what appeared 
to be a kind of small couch, a free-standing divan 
near the middle of the room.  It was immediately 
apparent that a man was sitting or lying there.  He 
was visible only from the waist down, and appeared to 
be wearing a t-shirt, but was otherwise naked.  He was 
stretched out, with his feet on the floor on either 
side of the divan, so that his legs were apart.  Tan 
lines indicated that he spent a lot of time at the 
beach - his legs were tanned to a little higher than 
mid-thigh, while the area above was quite white, 
indicating where his boxer trunks had been worn.  His 
circumcised penis was not overly large, about average 
size, and rested limply to the side.

Anita kneeled on the floor next to the divan and 
looked down at the man's crotch, then smiled at the 
camera. "So, guy, look at what we have here!  This is 
... oh, isn't that terrible?  I don't even know his 
name!  Oh well - I don't suppose it really matters.  
Lara and I were on the beach and we saw him sitting 
there all by himself, so we asked him if he wanted to 
help us make a little movie.  When we told him what we 
wanted him to do he agreed so fast that we forgot all 
about getting his name.  I doesn't matter who he is, 
he's just a guy who's got what we want."

While she was talking, she began idly caressing the 
man's legs, running her fingers along the tops of his 
thighs up and out to his hips, then down along the 
outside of his legs, crossing over and tracing a path 
up along his inner thighs.  When she reached his cock 
she avoided it, and repeated the pattern of caresses 
up and down his legs.  After doing this two or three 
times, she began tracing circles at the tops of his 
thighs with the index finger of each hand, gradually 
moving inward, closer and closer to his cock.  But she 
always stopped just before she reached it, retreating 
or playing with his pubic hair instead.  Then she'd 
drop down to between his legs again, gently scratching 
up almost to his balls but not quite.

During these tantalizing ministrations the man's penis 
began to swell, even though it hadn't actually been 
touched.  Anita noticed this, of course, and grinned 
appreciatively. "Oooo, look, guy, somebody is waking 
up!  It looks like he wants something - now what do 
you suppose that could be?"  She began now to move her 
fingers lightly and rapidly all over the area 
surrounding his genitals; but now, every so often, a 
finger would make brief contact: flicking the head of 
his cock, gently scratching his balls, lightly running 
up the underside - but always random with no 
discernible pattern, impossible to predict, little 
brushes of pleasure that were gone in an instant.

The man's cock was now fully erect, throbbing and 
twitching in the midst of Anita's tantalizing fingers, 
like an agonized stag worried by wolves.  While she 
was inflicting this torment, Anita would look up at 
the man's face off-camera, the excitement showing in 
her face as she observed the lust and frustration she 
was causing.

She looked at the camera again. "Oh, guy, isn't this 
so exciting?  Look at his cock, how big and hard it 
is.  It must be driving him crazy to be cock-teased 
like this - can you imagine how it feels, guy, can 
you?"  She tapped her fingers all over the captive 
cock while she looked straight into the camera, her 
mouth half-open with excitement. "Ohh, I just love 
doing this to him, getting him so hot and bothered!  I 
could do this all day, I really could - but I think 
it's time to be nice to him, to give him a little of 
what he's been hoping for all along - you think so, 
guy?"

She stopped worrying and teasing the man's cock, and 
began to stroke it softly and knowingly, with a 
gentle, expert touch.  She lightly scratched his 
balls, then traveled up the shaft with her thumb on 
top and her index finger along the underside, slowly, 
lightly, brushing up over the head to its tip; and 
then down again to the base, and back up.  Gradually 
she added another finger, until finally she was 
masturbating his cock with her entire hand, but so 
softly and lightly, just barely touching the surface, 
coaxing his pleasure, teasing it along.

While Anita was working the man's cock, Lara would 
occasionally draw in for close-ups of Anita's body, 
filling the screen with her luscious breasts, zooming 
in on her mouth as her tongue moved back and forth 
over her upper lip, traveling down her arm to a close-
up of the excited, straining cock in her hand as she 
slowly stroked it.

"Mmm, I think he really likes this, guy - do you think 
he likes it?  It must feel really good, huh?"  She 
looked at the camera with wide-eyed innocence. "Are 
you thinking about how good this would feel if it were 
you, guy?  Do you wish this was you?"  She looked down 
at the cock in her hand and smiled at it lovingly. "Oh 
yes, you wish this was you," she said, looking back up 
at the camera. "I know you do.  Well, it could have 
been, you know..."

Continuing to stroke the erect shaft in her hand 
slowly and softly, she added a gentle stimulation of 
the man's balls with her other hand, a light, subtle 
tease with her fingernails - reaching down and slowly 
drawing her fingertips upwards along his scrotum, 
making wide, slow circles with her middle finger all 
around the periphery of the sac, gently brushing all 
over his balls with lightly dancing fingertips...  A 
soft moan was heard from the man off-camera.  Anita 
looked up at him and smiled. "Mmmm, that's so sweet," 
she cooed.  Looking back at the camera, she said,"I've 
been told that touching a man's balls like this while 
you give him a handjob can make the pleasure so much 
more intense.  What do you think, guy?  Is this 
something you'd like?"  She smiled sweetly. "Ohhhh 
yes, of course you would..."

She continued to work on the man's straining cock.  It 
was obvious that he was right on the edge of orgasm, 
and that she could have set him spurting with a single 
firm stroke of her hand.  But she was too skilled to 
allow that; she knew the signs of impending climax, 
and whenever he got close she slowed down to deny him 
release.

"You know what I really like about doing this to a 
man, guy?  It's the control I have over him.  I mean, 
when you guys do this to yourselves, it doesn't take 
long before you need to cum.  It feels so good, you 
need the pleasure just so much, that you have to give 
in and finish yourself off.  No matter how hard you 
try to prolong it, you can't resist surrendering to 
your hand.  But when I do it..." She giggled. "Well, 
when I do it there's no question of giving in.  It 
doesn't matter how much you need it, how much you 
whimper and beg - I never give in.  I'll keep a guy 
right on the edge for an hour, if I feel like it, 
teasing and tormenting him the whole time."  She 
smiled evilly. "You're thinking about that, aren't 
you?  That's something you'd like, isn't it?"

Shifting her position so that she could bend down 
closer to the divan, she said,"Well, now I think it's 
time to really get him going."  She put her hand under 
his cock and held its sides delicately in her 
fingertips, then began to blow a gentle stream of warm 
air up and down the underside.  After a minute of this 
tease, she began to lick: starting at his scrotum, she 
slowly made her way up the ridge along the underside 
of his cock, rapidly flicking the tip of her tongue 
along its surface.  When she reached the head, she 
lingered over the sensitive cleft, making tantalizing 
circles around the sweet spot just below the head.  
Then she proceeded back down to his balls again, 
repeating the trip up and down the rigid shaft with 
her fluttering tongue.  Her touch was light and 
delicate, just barely making contact with the man's 
tormented erection, creating an exquisite and 
insistent pleasure, and an aching need for more.

She paused for a moment, and looked into the camera 
and smiled. "I really love doing this," she said.  She 
continued licking for a few more seconds then looked 
up again. "If I know a guy is really hot for me, there 
isn't anything I won't do to drive his cock crazy.  I 
love to go down on horny guys..."  Still looking into 
the camera, she placed her mouth directly over the 
head of the cock and began to lash it with her tongue, 
assaulting it in a frenzy of licking, and swirling her 
tongue all around the head. "If I had known, guy ..." 
(more licking) "... that I got you so hot and bothered 
..." (tongue swirling the head)"... that you had to 
peek at me through my window ..." (sucking up and down 
the underside)"... I would have been over at your 
place every night doing this to you ..." She placed 
her mouth over the end of the cock and gave the entire 
head a long, slow suck, then opened her mouth with the 
cock still inside and worried it with her tongue.  She 
did this several times while smiling into the camera, 
taunting her audience.

As the fellatio escalated, Anita kept her eyes fixed 
on the camera.  Her mouth and tongue were pleasuring 
the man on the divan, but her attention was focused on 
the viewer, her real target.  He was the one she 
wanted to excite, it was his desire she wanted to 
incite and enflame ... and torment.  Her mouth was 
busy, but her facial expressions conveyed clear 
messages: "Like what you see? ... This getting you 
hot? ... Want some of this? ... Just think how this 
would feel ..."  Her goal was to make him want what he 
was seeing, very, very badly.

She released the enflamed cock and looked up with an 
expression of erotic urgency.  Sitting down alongside 
the divan, she spread her legs wide and began to touch 
herself through her panties, stimulating her clitoris 
with two fingers in a rhythmic circular motion.

"Ohhh, guy!" she panted. "Are you masturbating?  
Please touch yourself, I want you to ... doesn't it 
feel sooo good?  Doesn't your cock need it so much?  
You know you want it, don't you - you want me to suck 
your cock.  Ohhhh, and I would have, guy!  If only I 
had known you were right next door jerking off to me, 
I would have come over and done such nasty things to 
your hard, aching cock.  Look at your prick, guy - you 
came so close to having that poor lonely cock spurting 
off inside my warm mouth..."

She got back on her knees and returned to the man on 
the divan, his penis still excited and erect. "Your 
hand feels so good, doesn't it guy?" she said into the 
camera. "But it can't do this..."  Holding the cock in 
front of her with both hands and stretching it tight, 
she snaked her wet tongue around the rim of the head, 
swirling it around and around in exciting, teasing 
circles.  This gave way to an assault of wild tongue-
flicking and fluttering all around the glistening, 
purple crown.  Looking into the camera, she applied 
her mouth to the underside below the head in quick, 
sucking kisses, alternately pleasuring and teasing in 
rapid succession.

"Gee, guy," she whispered,"I really don't know if you 
should be watching this."  She lathed her tongue 
luxuriously up and down the excited cock.  She looked 
up at the man on the divan then back into the camera. 
"I mean, he's being driven mad with pleasure, but all 
you're getting is sex tease and frustration."  She 
took the entire cock into her mouth and began to suck 
and pump with intent, driving it closer to orgasm.  
She paused, and pouted into the camera. "Aww, just 
think, guy - this could have been you."  She resumed 
working on the agonized cock, licking and sucking, 
stroking it beyond the point of no return.  Her slick 
hand grasped it firmly and slowly stroked it up and 
down - her tongue was waiting each time the head 
emerged from her fist and fell to fluttering and 
worrying.  It was finally too much for the ravished 
organ.  The man's legs stiffened and his cock began to 
jerk and buck, sending semen bursting from his 
glistening shaft in long strong spurts, covering 
Anita's hands and coating her tongue as she continued 
to stroke and suck him, in time with his ecstatic 
spasms.  His orgasm was extended and intense, the 
result of Anita's skilful ministrations.  She 
continued stroking and fondling him until he was 
totally spent.

Finally, she stood up and smiled into the camera, 
running her hands up her sides to her breasts.  She 
turned around and reached behind her back to unfasten 
her bra.  She removed it and tossed it aside, and 
turned back to face the camera, her hands covering her 
voluptuous breasts.  Lifting and squeezing, her hands 
moved all over her tits as she kneaded and massaged 
them, never quite exposing her nipples.  Pouting, 
licking her lips, smiling wickedly, she left no doubt 
that she was being a deliberate tease.  The camera 
drew in to a close-up of her hands as she caressed 
herself, then panned down to fill the screen with her 
full hips and clinging panties.  She reached down and 
hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties, 
and began to slowly push them down.  When her pussy 
was almost visible, she turned around, exposing her 
magnificent ass as she pushed the panties completely 
down.  The camera pulled back to a full view of her 
from the rear as she slowly walked to the door, now 
completely nude.  She smiled back at the camera, and 
half-turned.  Covering her breasts with her hand and 
forearm, she gave a little wave with her fingertips. 
"Bye, guy," she whispered.  Then she walked out the 
door, and the tape ended.

For a long time Chris stared at the empty screen. "You 
bitch - ohhh, you little bitch," he moaned weakly.  
Then he pressed rewind on the remote.

* * * * *

It was dark when he finally fell into bed, exhausted, 
sore, unsatisfied.

-----------
If you would like to comment on this story, you may 
reach the author at cn_tz@yahoo.ca

 
 
 
 
