                                    Beach Party
                                  By Lust 4 Life

Justine is a tease who reluctantly agrees to go to a party with some wild friends. The 
party moves to a deserted beach where she is plied with alcohol & drugs until her 
resistance crumbles. M+F+ preg?

Intro

Justine was a bit nervous as she approached the door to Annes apartment. Anne had a 
reputation for being a bit on the wild side and sometimes hanging out with some strange 
characters. Annes group of friends usually didnt have much to do with Justine, but last 
week, Anne had invited Justine to tonights party, Just a little get together, maybe go for 
a walk on the beach. At first Justine had tried to beg off, but Anne had been insistent 
that Justine should come, that she would have a good time. Finally, Justine agreed to stop 
by, just for a little while.

It was a warm summer evening. Justine was wearing a short skirt that showed off her 
legs, and a low cut blouse tied off above her navel. All in all, it nicely showed off her 
body  which was one to be proud of. Justine had a reputation of her own, as something 
of a tease. She liked to dress to show off her body, and she liked to flirt with the men, but 
that was it. Oh, she had had sex a few times, but the guys had been young and 
inexperienced, and had left Justine unsatisfied. Since she did not have a regular boy 
friend, and did not sleep around, she was not on birth control. The few times she had had 
sex, she made the men wear a condom.

Anne answered the door and led Justine in to the living room. Anne introduced Justine 
around: Janice, Sarah, and Tina; Robert, Carl, Sam, Peter, and Mike. Justine recognized 
Sam, Carl, and Janice, but not the others. After they were introduced, Janice handed 
Justine a beer and pointed her to some of the snack foods. Some of the people were 
talking about their various jobs, while Peter and Mike were telling Sarah about a recent 
trip to Mexico, which seemed mostly to involve non-stop sex. Janice found the food to be 
good but quite spicy and soon found she had emptied her first beer and someone had 
handed her a second.

Justine was just deciding that she had been here long enough to be polite and was going 
to find Anne and say thanks and good-bye, when Robert suddenly announced, Hey! 
What are we all hanging around here for? This is boring and its a beautiful night out  
lets hit the beach! This was met with a chorus of agreement. Well, this makes it easier. 
This is a good time to drop out, thought Justine. However, when she found Anne and 
tried to say good-bye, Anne wouldnt hear of it. No, no, no. The real party is just 
starting. You cant leave now! Youve got to join us  itll be a lot of fun. Justine finally 
gave in and agreed to go, just for a little while. As they left the apartment, Justine was 
puzzled to notice that Robert, Carl, and Sam each had good sized packs on their backs.

The walk down to the beach was short. Once on the beach, they headed up the beach and 
had soon rounded a rocky head land. Once around the head land, the beach was deserted. 
They continued for some ways, laughing, joking, and telling stories  many of them 
Justine noticed, rather lewd. Finally, they came to an old fire ring and Tina said, Hey, 
lets stop for a bit. I bet we could build a fire here. Peter almost immediately found a 
stack of firewood behind some rocks, and soon a camp fire was burning and the packs 
had been unloaded to reveal towels and beer. The towels were laid out and Justine soon 
found herself seated between Mike and Robert, with another beer in her hand.

After some initial chatter, somehow they started to go around the circle, describing their 
first times. Some of the stories went into graphic detail, others were rather humorous. 
When they got to Justine, she felt rather embarrassed but very quickly, and with few 
details told of her first time, at a boys apartment. Yeah, but did you get off that time? 
asked Ann, Or when did you first get off riding a mans penis? Justine lied and 
mumbled something about kind of having gotten off that first time. She was relieved 
when they moved on to the next person and was wondering whether she really should 
have come along on this little expedition. Suddenly Robert passed her a joint. Since she 
didnt do that kind of thing, Justine tried to just pass it on to Mike, but he insisted she 
take a hit on it. At first she resisted, but Mike and Robert were insistent, and finally she 
gave in. She coughed at first, and they insisted she take another hit. By now the 3 beers 
were starting to make her feel a bit silly, and the pot was making her head feel funny. She 
was beginning to relax a bit now and starting to think that these people were at least 
alright, even if they were a bit different than her usual crowd. They seemed to have a 
more relaxed attitude about having fun.

Carl was just handing Justine another beer, when Anne asked, Who wants to go skinny 
dipping? A chorus of affirmatives greeted her idea, and soon everyone but Justine was 
ripping their clothes off and heading for the water. Justine was surprised that the other 
girls didnt seem to hesitate to bare their bodies in front of the men. But, she rationalized, 
it was dark, and they quickly got into the water. Then the group started yelling for her to 
come on and join them. Justine was undecided. She didnt really want to remove her 
clothes in front of these strangers, but she also felt rather silly sitting here fully clothed by 
herself on the beach while everyone else was splashing in the water. Finally, trying to be 
as modest as possible, she disrobed and quickly ran into the water. The warm water felt 
good caressing her bare skin, and she relaxed, enjoying the feeling of the waves pushing 
her to and fro. Then Carl suggested they play a game where everyone had to get past 
someone who was it. Justine found herself getting tagged by squeezes on her breasts 
and butt, or accidental pats on her pussy. Justine felt uncomfortable with these intimate 
touches, but she did enjoy the feel of carefree wildness and abandon that was building.

Before long, they headed back to the beach. It was a bit chillier now, especially wet, and 
Justine was dismayed to find that instead of individual towels, they had just a few large 
towels to wrap themselves in. She again found herself between Mike and Robert, but this 
time they were all naked, wrapped in a towel, naked skin touching naked skin. As they 
huddled around the fire, Peter brought around beers for each of them. As she sat sipping 
her beer and enjoying the campfire, Justine began to relax, she was enjoying the feel of 
the two naked men pressed against her on either side. It seemed natural when Mikes 
hand dropped onto her thigh, rubbing it gently and sending tingling sensations up her leg.

Soon Robert passed her another joint. This time Justine didnt resist, but puffed deeply on 
it. The smoke seemed to go first straight to her brain, then to her crotch, making her 
squirm. Dreamily she handed the joint to Mike and let her hand fall to her crotch, gently 
touching her outer lips. Mike had just taken a large toke and now turned to her, and 
pressing his lips to hers, exhaled the smoke into her mouth. She closed her eyes as the 
smoke again sent tendrils through her body and Mike continued to press his lips to hers, 
his tongue now exploring her mouth.

Dreamily Justine slowly fell backwards, Mike on top of her, as they continued to kiss. 
Something nagged at the back of her mind that she really shouldnt be doing this, there 
was something dangerous about this game she was playing. But the feel of Mikes body 
against hers, a hot stiffness against her thigh where his crotch met her leg, and now the 
incredible sensation of his strong, masculine hands massaging her breasts took her breath 
away and drove all other thoughts from her mind. Justine pressed her body back against 
Mike, rubbing against him, and kissing back passionately as her hands ran over his hard, 
muscular body. Instinctively, her hand slid to his crotch. She found a hard, throbbing 
cock, much bigger and harder than the ones she had felt before. Her fingers barely 
wrapped around it as her hand slid up and down the huge shaft.

Her body was on fire, eager to fulfill the role nature had designed it to do, to welcome a 
hard male cock deep inside her to play the mating game. She felt Mike parting her legs as 
he started to move between them, in preparation for the ancient act of procreation. But 
now her mind finally tried to assert itself. Wait! Unh! Mike, I cant! Not now, Im not 
prepared. I wasnt expecting this. Come on Mike urged, continuing to try to position 
himself between her legs, youre loving this. Yes, Ah! she gasped, but I cant. Not 
now.

Oh, arent you on birth control? she heard Anne ask. Looking around, Justine saw that 
while she had been distracted with Mike, the other people had lost no time pairing up. 
Anne and Sam were busy exploring each others bodies, as were Tina and Robert. Janice 
and Carl were slurping away at each others genitals in a 69. Peter was between Sarahs 
legs just getting ready to mount her, his hard cock sticking out from his body eagerly 
seeking her warm cunt. As she watched, Sarah panted, Yes, come on. I want to feel that 
cock of yours sliding inside me. Put it in me, I want it. As she watched, Peter leaned 
forward until his cock touched Sarahs pussy, and she positioned it for him as he started 
to slide it in. Justine couldnt believe her eyes! These people were going to fuck right 
here in the open, in plain sight, right in front of her! The sight made her pussy tingle and 
she felt herself getting wetter.

N-No, Im not, she finally managed to answer Anne as Mike continued to massage her 
breasts with one hand and her pussy with the other. His finger had found her clit and was 
alternately massaging it and then sliding into her pussy making her gasp and thrust her 
hips up at his finger. Well, hell pull out before he cums. Dont worry. Itll be safe. 
Anne said. Youll love the feel of his cock. Just let him slide it in  youll see. A-Are 
you sure? Looking at Mike she asked, Youll pull out in time? I dont want to get 
pregnant. Relax, dont worry about a thing. Just enjoy the feeling. Ill pull out and 
youll be perfectly safe. Now he was lowering his straining cock toward her dripping 
pussy. She watched the rounded head at the end of his long, swollen shaft as it 
approached her pussy, then she felt an electric shock of pleasure as the head touched her 
lips. Next she felt him running it up and down her lips, parting them and wetting himself 
with her moisture. Her hips began squirming of their own accord, trying to increase the 
already delightful sensation.

Finally Mike stopped with the head wedged between her lips right at the entrance to her 
vagina. Now he started to slide in. Justine could feel her inner walls separating around the 
head, wrapping snugly around his shaft, massaging it as it slid deeper into her. She 
groaned in pleasure as he stretched her tunnel. Mike kept going until she felt his pubic 
bone grind against hers, stimulating her clit, making her roll her pelvis to increase the 
sensation. She felt his balls pressed against her ass as his cock flexed deep inside her, 
pressed up against the entrance to her unprotected womb. The feeling was incredible. The 
heat and feel of his naked cock, flesh on flesh were so much better than her previous 
experiences, his cock so much larger and harder. She was running her hands over his 
muscled arms and back, over his ass. Oh, yes, do it. Fuck me she moaned.

The human mind is made of two parts, the original, primitive brain which controls the 
basic survival functions (hunger, fight or flight, instinct, the reproductive drive), and the 
modern, cognitive brain which controls the powers of reason and thought. The cognitive 
brain is usually in control (sometimes only barely) and filters the inputs of the primitive 
brain through the sieve of reason, weighing impulse against consequences. Sometimes, 
the cognitive brain loses control, as when it is impaired, and the primitive brain takes 
direct control of the body. At this point, Justines primitive brain was on the verge of 
taking over. Her cognitive brain, impaired by alcohol, pot, and hormones was on the 
verge of shutting down and letting her primitive brain take over. And the primitive brain 
was in reproductive mode, eager to mate, to urge a convenient male to deposit his seed at 
the entrance to her womb.

Mike pushed into her again, then started to withdraw, her pussy clinging to his cock, 
gripping him as he slid out. The feeling of emptiness was unbearable, until he was 
suddenly sliding back in, once again stretching and filling her vagina with his hard cock. 
Now Mike began fucking in earnest, thrusting repeatedly into her pussy. The feeling was 
incredible. For the time, she forgot about all else but the feeling in her pussy, his chest 
mashing her breasts. She rolled her hips and thrust back at him, increasing the pleasure 
for both of them. She was lost in the feeling of his bare cock filling her pussy, thrusting 
up against her unprotected womb. Her body had taken over, doing what it had evolved 
over millions of years to do, trying to reproduce itself by impaling itself on a strong virile 
mans penis and fucking him until he filled her with his seed.

Unbeknownst to Justine, this was exactly the plan. Mike had absolutely no intention of 
pulling out and the rest of the group were getting an unexpected bonus on their plan. The 
group had decided that snotty little Justine the tease needed a good fucking to put her in 
her place. The fact that she was not on birth control and vulnerable for a belly full was an 
added bonus to their plan. They knew that Mike was going to flood her unprotected 
womb with his sperm.

Mike continued to fuck into Justine, enjoying the feeling of this woman wrapped around 
his cock, knowing that in a little while he would be shooting his cream at the mouth of 
her unprotected womb, coating her insides with his juice.

Justine continued to strain against her lover, moving her body to increase her sensations, 
and at the same time, urging her lover on. Focused on the feeling between her legs, it 
took awhile for Justine to become aware of noises on the edge of her consciousness, and 
for them to resolve themselves into the sound of Sarah writhing in orgasm on Peters 
cock as he continued to thrust into her. She was crying out, thrashing, and lewdly begging 
him to Fuck me harder! Yes! Oh! Cum! I want to feel you cumming in me! Peter 
continued to drive feverishly into her for a few more strokes before Justine saw his 
rhythm break as he jammed his cock deeply inside Sarah and groaned. She knew Sarah 
was taking Peters load deep inside her, and her own hunger increased.

Her attention returned to Mike and his wonderful penis thrusting inside her cunt. Her 
body, controlled now by the primitive brain, wanted nothing more than to feel Mike 
emptying his balls deep inside her. The risk, the knowledge that she was unprotected, that 
his naked cock was in her pussy, getting ready to deposit his load just turned her on more. 
Oh, come on, Fuck me! Shoot your juice in me! she moaned as she thrust back at her 
partner. His pace was quickening. She knew his sperm was ready, his body was ready to 
deliver his load for her. She spread her legs wider, to give him as deep a penetration as 
possible. Now she felt his arms wrap around her, under her shoulders, so he could pull 
her as close as possible at the moment of ejaculation, to ensure he deposited his seed as 
close to the entrance to her womb as possible. Knowing her partner was just a few strokes 
from spewing his load in her unprotected pussy sent Justine over the edge. Her pussy 
started spasming around the penis that had carried her to orgasm and her body started 
thrashing, bucking against her partner, telling him he had done his job and it was time to 
release his seed.

Now she felt his cock swelling larger in her pussy and knew that instead of cuming in a 
rubber, she was about to feel her first rush of sperm directly into her cunt. And then she 
felt Mike lunge into her, groaning, as she felt his cock pulse inside her, and then she felt a 
series of pulses as his cock pumped his semen into her eager cunt. She wrapped her legs 
around him, pulling him deeper as she felt the warmth from his cum spreading in her 
cunt. Finally, Mikes cock began to shrink and he pulled out, trailing a ribbon of their 
juices.

Justine lay back languorously enjoying the after glow of a well fucked woman. Now that 
it was over, her confused mind felt a bit concerned that shed let a strange man fuck her 
unprotected and empty his cum in her. But her body was still twitching with pleasure, and 
when Robert lay down next her, and began massaging a breast, rekindling her passion, 
she wasnt about to stop him.

