I am a 18-year-old girl, my name is Farah Deebah from Karachi , i am
little fatty bhari bhari which my uncle loves to tap my ass always.
Living with my parents in in Dammam Saudi Arabia, my neighbour My
sweet Shahnawaz aunty Irshad uncle from Indian are v v nice with me
always i spend my time with shanu anunty while irshad uncle on job ,
she use to teach me how to make dresses stiching. Uncle use to come
from office at 4.30 that time my dad and mom goes to job they work
in evening shift in hospital , so i use to spend my time with Shanu
auntys house as my parents dont want me to stay alone at home. uncle
use to sit in tv room and watch tv while me and shanu aunty busyin
our work while watching tv Irshad uncle sitting opposite room always
stare at my huge breast which 38b he love my breast and he use to
play sexy movies with no sound to make me hot while aunty is sitting
other side she cant see tv from there. Whenever he get chance he use
to life his tope/lungi and show me huge hard on , but i dont mind i
think he was just doing as my uncle.

While watching me he use to put his hand in his lungi and hold his
huge lund and look at me , some time i was so hot and i enjoyed
looking at Irshad uncle massage while looking at me. Sometimes he
use to come in our room and while talking with his wife shahnawaz he
use to stare at my calvage as we both sitting and he is standing ,
while aunty busy in work he use to lookinside my breast and spread
his tounge looking at my calvage thats make me hot and i use to look
at huge bulge in his lungi. I had a crush on Irshad uncle day by
day). Uncle had a reputation of being a sex maniac, but I never got
a chance with him. We were good friends, but I never had the guts to
talk to him about my true feelings. It was he who introduced me to
Indian passion while teaching me computer .

Once Shahnawaz aunty Irshad uncle's wife had gone to her mother's
place for delivery of their first child. Since he was alone, I used
to take a flask of tea for him occasionally. One such morning when I
went to his house with tea I found the doorbell was not working, I
knocked but still no response so pushed the door and found it open.
I walked in and tip toed into the bedroom. I found him sound asleep -
he was drunk, . Looked like he had a late night party. He was lying
naked on the bed, and too my surprise i found my pic in sleeve dress
nighty which i gave to my aunty was in his hands. I could not help
but stare - awe struck , at his sexy naked body. I slowly came close
to him to see if he was really asleep, he was totally sozzeled out.

Tempted to touch him, I slowly sat beside him and started stroking
his huge cock lovingly, which slowly hardened. He started moaning -
still asleep. Not able to control myself - I kissed his cock softly.
After a few minutes he opened his eyes - OHH FARAH MERIJAN UFFF BABY
AAJA DEK TERA IRSHAD UNCLE TERAY LIYE TADAP RAHA HAI TA TADPA APNE
IRSHAD UNCLE KO MERI JAN ROZ TERI TASVEER DEK KAR TERI AUNTY KO
CHODA TA HOON, TERAY YE BHARE BHARE MAMMAY TERI YE BHARI BHARI GAND
TERAY UNCLE KE NEEND HARAM KARDI HAI , PILADE APNI CHOOT KA RAS APNE
IRSHAD UNCLE KO, I was too hot to bother, he lay back closed his
eyes and asked me to suck him. I did not need any prompting I was
dying to suck his cock. I slowly pulled back his foreskin revealing
his smooth cock head. On the tip of his cock a drop of pre cum
glistened. I scooped up the elixir of love with my tongue - it
tasted like honey.

iRSHAD UNCLE reached out and cupped my buttocks and started kneading
them. He ordered me to take off my SHALWAR, I was happy to oblige; I
took off all my clothes, and got back to my chore of sucking his
delicious cock. He asked me to sit on his face. I got on top of him
and placed my now dripping pussy squarely on his face in a 69
position. I could feel his warm tongue licking my juicy cunt lips
while I sucked his cock. I started humping his face, I WAS SHOUTING
UFFF IRSHAD UNCLE CHOOSLU APNI FARAH KI CHOOT MAIN BHI IS DIN KE
INTEZAR ME THI ROZ ROZ AAP APNA LUND DIKHA KAR DOOR SE MUJHE
PARESHAN KAR DIYA , AATE JATE ROZ HAAT YAHAN WAHAN LAGA LAGA KAR ROZ
MUJHE PAYASI CHOD DIYAKARTE THEY , AUNTY KE DAR SE MAIN CHUP RAHI ,
AAJ LOONGi BADLA APNE IRSHAD UNCLE SE - as I came in his face - he
was going mad he rubbed his face in my wet juicy pussy smearing his
face with my cum - grinding his face, his nose and tongue in my
slippery wet pussy lips. He licked my flowing pussy juice, slurping
it all up - he started groaning saying he wanted me to pee in his
mouth. He got me to sit straight on his face and pee- he drank every
drop and licked my pussy as if he could not get enough. He kept
sucking and licking my pussy and asshole inserting his tongue into
my asshole. I started grinding my pussy in his face holding his head
with both hands I pulled his face into my slippery cunt. He loved
it.

He pushed me down, turned me over and sat on my chest. And he
started rubbing his cock betwenn my huge breast which he loves to
suck it since a long time , he was shouting uff farah baby janu i
love to rub my lund between ur breast more than ke main teri choot
me daloon. Suddenly my Irshad uncle turn violent he started pulling
my hair and forced his dick into my mouth and down my throat.
Suddenly he started to pee down my throat I had to gulp down his pee
fast to keep from choking. Then he started fucking my mouth while
holding my head firmly with both hands. I loved the feeling of the
warm thick cock humping in my mouth and down my throat. His cock
started to quiver and his body stiffened as he shot his load of
delicious cum juice into my mouth. I was in heaven; his cum filled
my mouth and dribbled down my chin. The taste and texture of his
thick delicious cum juice, the smell of his huge smooth beautiful
cock overwhelmed my senses.

He then lay down exhausted. I licked up the last drops of cum from
his cock and started milking the now limp organ for the remaining
cum. I love the taste of cum I like to savor the taste, swirling it
in my mouth with my tongue. I also like the taste of my own cum
juices, I like to taste my own cum when I am alone (I am strawberry
flavored - my lover always says). I lay there licking his cock,
coaxing it to a hard on. After a few minutes of sucking and licking
he starts to harden again. He ordered me to lick and to insert my
tongue into his asshole. He turned around to lie on his stomach. I
kissed his buttocks one at a time and slowly licked the hairy crack
of his ass. I lovingly kissed his puckered asshole and licked it; he
loved it as I caressed his asshole with my tongue. He started
humping wildly out of control. All that moaning and groaning was
driving me mad. I badly wanted to feel his dick inside me. I was all
wet and dripping.

Irshad uncle got on top of me, scooped up my pussy juice, smeared it
on his big cock and inserted his manhood into my wet cunt lips and
started driving it in and out, slowly picking up speed like a Bombay
local train, we both picked up tempo till we came and came and came.
Exhausted we lay in each other's arms. He said farah jan i fucked
all my salis and neices but u know my dream is to fuck a pakistani
bhari bhari ladki is now fullfilled i am glad ,u know ur smell is so
diff from indian choot i love pakistani smell its really diff that
indian choots.

At last he shocked me by saying that farah baby u know what ur mom
shahnaz ji is also a nice cunt , what iwas shocked he said yes jan
wen ur dad wasout last week ur busy with ur aunty i was in ur home
fucking ur hot and sexy mom , i ask wo kaise uncle he told me he
actually came to see me the door was opened wen he want inside my
mom shahnaz was taking shower and irshad uncle jumped on her mom try
to resist but she also had crush on Irshad uncle i know that as my
dad nver fucks my mom for months, i said yeah uncle thats why mom
looks so happy now a days, yes jan i love ur mom too specially her
ass .. I felt all the emotional pain and waiting I had been through
was worth it. (meri zindagi safal ho gayi) we fucked, licked and
sucked all afternoon and came countless times. We continued meeting
secretly till shahnawz aunty comes back - Till I met my lover and
best friend Imran (he is the best thing that ever happened to me).
Though this was my first experience of sex with a man, this was the
best experience I ever had with a married man, and will ever have
(hope not) that is why I have shared this experience with you all. I
hope you enjoyed it too.

But i stop having sex with Irshad uncle since i came to know he is
fucking my mom Shahnaz, i dont want to come between them , now uncle
fucking my mom wen ever dad is out and i am in his house with
Shahnawaz aunty he is my house with my mom.
FARAH DEEBAH
KARACHI PAKISTAN



