Harry sat on the driftwood bench, trying to acclimate to the freezing cold, dry air. The bench stood in front of the building that Draco had entered, after it had been decided that he would purchase the appropriate clothing for both of them. Harry chuckled at the number of times Kelby, a Manor house-elf, came by his home and office to measure him. Right now, though, he was overwhelmed that they were on an island three hundred and seventy miles north of the Arctic Circle, and that Muggles lived here and had for centuries. The small settlement they would stay the night in was one of seven in the municipality of Uummannaq.

The beauty of it was unmistakable. From his viewpoint on a porch built on top of the rocky coast, he could see other islands made of ice and icebergs floating by. It was seven at night and the sun was still high in the sky. The locals were dressed casually as if it were seventy degrees; it wasn’t, it was thirty-five. He pulled his seal-lined cloak tighter around himself. The absence of the sounds he was used to hearing in a Muggle town was a relief. There were no cars as there were no roads. The people used boats and dogsleds to get around, though he did spot a few off-road vehicles. The island they were going to, he was told, was smaller than this one, and having dogs and a sled would be beneficial. However, they would not have that luxury as the Secret Keeper told Draco that the dragon, if it appeared, would likely eat the dogs.

Harry lifted his travelling bag onto the bench as an Arctic Husky came up to him sniffing, Harry assumed for a treat. Harry let the dog sniff him, and approached him carefully before petting him on the head. Apparently, the dog did not receive that type of attention too often as its nose bucked into Harry’s hand, demanding more affection. Harry obliged and thought of Snuffles, probably the most spoiled, laziest dog in the world.

Ginny would be picking up Lily soon from the Burrow, and they would be going home together. He didn’t particularly like the idea of his two girls staying alone in the house. Ginny had about spit in his face when he mentioned it. He knew that the other Aurors would pay special attention to his homestead while he was gone, but realistically, there wasn’t much to worry about. It had been years since they’d much to worry about. His work now mainly consisted of tracking down illegal potion makers, rounding up con artists, and breaking up hexing fights at the pubs. Once in awhile, a murder or attempted murder case came his way. He hated to admit it, but he found those the most exciting to work on and solve. The lax workload did leave him more time with his family and to guest lecture at Hogwarts.

The boys had been so excited that he was going. He had stopped by to tell them in person and to say goodbye. He heard a rumour that Draco had done the same. The papers had not heard about the expedition before they left, and for that, he was thankful. They would have had a field day. Hopefully, they would be back before anyone discovered they were gone. Ginny hadn’t been pleased, he knew by her demeanour, but she never came out and said it. Harry didn’t ask either. He knew that she understood him enough to know that he needed some type of adventure, of action, in his life now and then.

Kingsley, on the other hand, was overly concerned, and would not accept Harry’s word alone that Draco had nothing nefarious planned. Harry was still amazed that Draco agreed to come to the Ministry to be interrogated and undergo the final humiliation of having to take Veritaserum to prove that this was just a scientific expedition. Harry had remained in the room with Draco during all of the proceedings, as had Hermione. Draco seemed to take it all in his stride. Harry thought for sure he would be upset to be suspected of such behaviour, but Hermione told him on the side that this way, if anything happened to Harry, there would be proof it was accidental. The mind of a true Slytherin was impressive.

The husky finally tired of being petted lay down on the porch, his head resting on Harry’s caribou boots. The boots were an amazing Muggle creation.

Harry jumped at the pounding crash and splash of ice breaking off from the neighbouring island’s glacier. The dog lifted his head and quickly resumed his position. Harry watched the newly formed iceberg float down the fjord. He reached in his bag and withdrew a roll of parchment. He unfurled it, carefully read each item on the list, and mentally checked them off. He thought of his last camping trip all those years ago with Hermione and Ron. They wouldn’t have made it one night without Hermione’s foresight and organizational skills, and even then, they weren’t fully prepared. Yes, Harry thought, he had learned from that experience. He never went unprepared again. It paid off many times in his profession, especially when they did stakeouts of suspected Death Eater hideouts. He and Ron were a team back then; those were the best years of his career. He didn’t blame Ron for moving into another department, as he was still in Harry’s shadow as long as they were partners. Ron needed to make his own name.

Draco had created the list, and Harry had added a few items here and there. Harry had to admire the thoroughness of it, even though he and Ron had joked that it did seem a bit over the top. They would, after all, only be gone one week, two at the most, if bad weather prevented the Secret Keeper from picking them up on the designated day. Ron had given him a hard time, not in meanness, but in teasing. He even sneered around Harry just to get him used to it. Ron’s reaction surprised everyone but Harry. Ron knew that Harry thrived on the unknown, on adventure, after being his friend and partner so long. He was a bit upset that Harry couldn’t tell him what it was about, but got over it quickly enough when Harry did tell him that it involved a legend, a childhood legend. Ron’s eyes had widened and he got a knowing look about him, and asked no more questions. He did bring up the story of Gringotts and Harry’s glare gave him enough information that he left the subject matter alone completely.

Hermione, though, was much more concerned about the legalities of what Harry and Draco were up to. Ron finally took her aside and afterwards, she didn’t bother Harry with it anymore. He was surprised that she showed up at Draco’s interrogations; Draco was not. Draco addressed her properly, but his demeanour towards her was not pleasant to behold. The first thought that crossed Harry’s mind was prejudice against Hermione because she was a Muggle-born, but then Draco withdrew a stack of documents and set them on the table in front of Harry. They were all from the Department of Magical Law Enforcement Agency and contained Hermione’s signature. Harry could see that the department had requested detailed financial information, along with a thorough background check, on his wife and her father. The parchments, Harry knew, were for his benefit, so he would know that there was more to this than Draco being an arse.

The wooden framed screened door squeaked as it opened. One of the blue eyes of the husky popped open and then quickly closed as Draco struggled out the door, his arms filled with boxes and bags. He set them down next to Harry and stood watching as Harry opened his rucksack and put them in.

“Our rooms are just up the path. The sun will rise at three forty-five a.m. and we’re expected on Upernavik Island at four-thirty. Vilhelm will meet us there and bring the additional supplies, including the skis. We will have breakfast there, and should have everything loaded in the umiak by five-thirty. We will be in the water by five forty-five.”

Harry finished putting the boxes in his rucksack. Draco had purchased one for each of them. Between the two of them, they held every item on the supply list and their backups. “Okay, sounds good,” Harry replied. None of Draco’s words were new to him. They both knew the timetable by heart, but Harry figured Draco was a bit nervous and felt the need to say it aloud one more time. He had done the same thing multiple times when he worked with his new partner after Ron had transferred departments. With Ron, words were not necessary.

“Shall we go?”

Harry stood up, disturbing the resting dog, and joined Draco on the crushed rock path. The husky followed the two Muggle-dressed wizards as they passed the small brightly coloured houses, until they reached the white clapboard inn.

His room was sparsely furnished; the single bed and small dresser were sufficient for one night. Harry already felt tired as the three-hour time-difference was having its effect. It was close to bedtime at home, and here it was only seven-thirty. Harry unpacked what he needed for the night then departed his room to meet Draco for dinner in the common dining room. There was nothing extravagant about the inn, with the exception of the family who owned it. They were of Danish descent, and Greenland had been their family’s home for a century or so. Immediately, Harry felt like their long-lost cousin; it reminded him of when he first met the Weasleys. Draco, to Harry’s delight, was just as friendly in return. They dined on fresh blue oysters and local halibut while they stared out the picture window at the icebergs floating through the fjord; neither said much as they enjoyed the food and the imported wine.

Until two nights ago, Harry and Draco had only spoken a few words since that first meeting. Harry smiled as he pushed his plate forward and poured each of them another glass of white wine. The dinner that he, Ginny, and Lily attended at Malfoy Manor was not as successful as he had hoped it would have been. He couldn’t imagine that Mrs. Potter and Mrs. Malfoy would be dining together again if either could help it.

Harry still failed to see what was so awful about Chantal; she, after all, did invite them over, and was quite interesting to talk with. Lily absolutely loved her, especially when Chantal commented on her hair and insisted that she give her a French braid. His daughter fell further in idolization when it became known that Chantal was an artist and had painted the landscapes in the hallway. Draco whispered to Harry that she had painted the Glacier Dragon in his library. Lily had even told to them, as they tucked her into bed that night, that she thought Chantal was really a princess and the Manor was a castle. The fight that ensued in their bedroom was a classic, but the sex made up for it. Harry hadn’t seen Ginny that jealous in years. This part of Ginny he never understood; Chantal was beautiful—no question about it—but she was not his type.

“Do you think they will dine together while we are gone?” Draco asked, almost too innocently.

Harry shook his head. “How the hell did you know that’s what I was thinking about?”

Draco shrugged. “It was just a guess. However, I should warn you that my wife likes to play games. I apologize if she went a bit too far. She does think your daughter is lovely, and I will reluctantly admit that I do too. She will make a brilliant addition to the House of Slytherin.”

“Bastard,” Harry replied teasingly and drank more of his wine. They both jumped as the loud rumble echoed through the room, and they watched as the tip of the glacier on the opposing island crashed into the fjord and bounced like a cork until it stabilized.

“Guess we’d better get used to it,” Harry mumbled. “So what do you mean your wife plays games?”

Draco’s eyes widened and then pursed his lips together, as if trying to stop the words from coming out.

“What? Tell me; you’re the one who said it. What did you mean?”

Draco lifted the glass of wine to his lips and took a long sip. Harry waited patiently, or at least pretended to.

“My wife and I have an understanding between us,” Draco drawled.

“What do you understand? Shit, Malfoy, just spill it.”

“Fine, Potter, we have an open marriage. She has lovers, and I have lovers.”

Harry thanked Merlin above that he had already swallowed the sip of wine. “Whoa! I mean, wow. No, I …Why? Don’t you love her? Doesn’t she love you?”

Draco rolled his eyes. “Yes, I love her and she loves me. We just have interests that the other cannot fulfil. She does enjoy teasing me, and her flirting with you was part of her game. We had brilliant sex after you left, if you must know.”

Two bowls of blueberry tart arrived at their table and they both remained silent until the owner was out of sight.

“I didn’t need to know that,” Harry replied. His cheeks were turning red both from the wine and from the conversation. “So do you make moves on others when she is around too? I mean, you talked to Ginny about Quidditch, her playing days, and her articles, but I didn’t see anything more that.”

Draco coughed. “No, Harry, I was not making moves on your wife. I mean no offence, but she’s not my type.”

Harry scowled as the memories of Draco calling her family blood traitors, and worse, condemning the Weasleys about being poor. Ginny was not a stunning woman like Fleur or Chantal, but he thought she was perfect. He loved that she was a tomboy and that she played Quidditch.

“Ah, I see that you have taken offence. My apologies.”

Harry wandered back up to his room after Draco had left the table. His thoughts were a bit muddled by both the wine and the conversation. His professional world was filled with black and white, good and evil, but there were those occasions where things fell somewhere in-between. Right after the war, for example, there had been situations like what to do with the Malfoys. Narcissa and Draco had been given a reprieve when Harry brought to light their actions at the end, and what Severus Snape’s role had been in the war, as well as the difficult position in which Draco had been placed by Voldemort. Lucius was more of a problem; he was dark-grey. Eventually, he was given credit for the time he had already served in Azkaban, was put on probation for ten years, and was not allowed to do magic outside of his home.

Harry opened his room door with a key. He and Draco were trying to reduce any use of magic except when they had to Apparate. He quickly prepared for the night and slipped into the warm feather bed. He set the alarm, turned off the light, and looked out the window at the still light sky. The Malfoys had an open marriage, was that a bad thing? They weren’t hurting anyone, but Harry couldn’t help but think that it would eventually hurt their marriage. He chuckled aloud as he turned over and faced the door, away from the light; Ginny would hex him to hell before the words even left his mouth if he suggested it. Not that he would suggest it. He loved Ginny, and they had a great marriage and sex life…at least he thought he did. Harry yawned and pulled the duvet further up over his shoulders. Ginny was his one and only. Hell, even Ron had more experience than he did, thanks to Lavender.

***************************************

Green eyes flashed open five minutes before the alarm was to ring; Harry bolted out of bed, adrenaline rushing through his body. With wand in hand, he turned in place and searched the room with bleary eyes. He reached to the nightstand, grabbed his glasses, and slipped them on. He tried to calm down and see if he could register where the alert was coming from. After a few minutes, he worked through what he had heard and what he had felt, his Auror training kicking in. He had heard five distinct cracks of air in succession; they would have been louder if they were in the hotel. He wasn’t familiar enough with how sound carried in this part of world, given the dryness of the air and the limited number of dwellings. He closed his eyes to concentrate on the feel of magic. He felt very little, but it was there. There were magical people in this small town on the edge of nowhere and he didn’t know why.

Harry washed, dressed quickly, and was knocking on Draco’s door within ten minutes. The door was opened by a dripping wet blond with only a towel wrapped around his hips. “You’re early,” Draco said as he turned and left the door open for Harry to enter.

“At least five wizards Apparated near here about ten minutes ago,” Harry replied as he shut the door.

Draco spun around. “You can tell that?”

Harry would have laughed at Draco’s expression of disbelief, but the subject matter was too serious to start bantering. “Yes, it woke me up. I’m not sure how the lack of humidity and the environment effect sound, so I can’t tell exactly how far away they are. I do know they are not in the building. Do you have any idea why they would be here?”

“A couple of reasons come to mind,” Draco said as he undid the towel and put his pants on. “They could be just using this town as a half-way point in a long-distance Apparation.”

“And the other?” Harry asked as he watched Draco struggle putting on the woollen undergarments. He had been right, he thought, Draco could be twenty. His long, lean, muscular body reminded him of a big cat.

“Um, Potter, you are staring. Do you see something you like?”

Harry laughed. “No, yes, no, oh bugger. I was noticing that you are in good shape for our age.”

Draco looked in the mirror and ran a comb through his hair. “Well, if I’m going to attract lovers, I can’t depend on my hair anymore. Such a pity.”

Harry burst out laughing. “You know, Draco, I told my family before I came to visit you that first night that I didn’t know you. I had no idea how true that statement was. By the way your hair is fine; it reminds me of your father’s.”

Draco glanced back over his shoulder looking at Harry. “I don’t know if that is a compliment or not coming from you. I can’t imagine your feelings for my father have diminished with age.”

“Come on, blondie, just get moving,” Harry sighed.

Draco grabbed his rucksack. “You’re right, Potter, we should get out of here, just in case I’m wrong about them being just travellers.”

Harry pulled his Invisibility Cloak out of his bag. “We are going to use this when we Disapparate, and I’m going to put up a Muffling spell so, hopefully, they won’t hear it.”

Once again, the words, “You can do that?” fell from Draco’s lips as Harry wrapped the cloak around both of them and they vanished from Uummannaq.

“Yes,” Harry whispered, as they appeared under the cloak together two hundred miles farther north from where they were a moment ago. They both glanced around seeing if they had caused a disturbance; they hadn’t. The fishermen and seal hunters from the small coastal town on the western hillside of Upernavik Island were gathering by their boats, and a large flock of Eider ducks was honking loudly as they flew low down Davis Straight. They walked to the side of small blue-painted hut and Harry removed the cloak.

“Shit, a little more warning would have been nice,” Draco mumbled.

Harry ignored the jibe and looked south. Qaarsorsuaq Mountain was visible and it resembled the pictures he’d seen in the books Draco had lent him. They had arrived safely in the correct place. “Where are we supposed to meet Vilhelm?”

“He said he would be at the hotel. Remember, we are to have breakfast, pack the boat, and set off.” Harry didn’t respond or move, but just stood there and closed his eyes. “Potter, what are you doing?” Draco asked decisively.

Harry eyes opened slowly. “Just trying to see if I can feel any magic around. I’m only picking up very little, which I assume is from our guide.”

Draco shook his head and helped Harry pull on his waterproof jacket. “Come on, oh mystic one.”

“Wanker,” Harry replied swatting Draco’s hand away.

The Hotel Upernavik was easy to find, but Harry swore every time they walked in the shadow of a building the temperature seemed to drop ten degrees. The restaurant in the hotel was small, but warm. Draco led Harry over to a table by the fire, where a grizzly old wizard was drinking a large mug of coffee.

The man stood and shook Harry’s hand by clasping it with both of his. Harry smiled, noticing the wizard’s bristled face seemed to be made of leather with deep creases. His hair was thick, messy and grey, reminding Harry of a thatched roof. His hands were extremely rough. “Mr. Potter, it is a great pleasure to meet you. Mr. Malfoy and I have had some interesting discussions about you.”

Harry glanced over at Draco, who tried to look innocent. “Yes, I’m sure you have, and please call me Harry. Mr. Malfoy and I went to school together. I’m honoured that you have invited me to join this expedition.”

The old man turned and winked at Draco. His dark brown eyes then turned back to Harry. “Please sit, sit. We only have a few minutes. I’ve already ordered for three.”

Harry and Draco sat down, and soon plates of eggs, bacon, and toast was set before them, along with steaming mugs of coffee. Harry had a feeling the bacon was not from a pig, nor the eggs from a chicken.

“Harry said five wizards Apparated to Uummannaq this morning before we left. Do you know what they would be doing there?” Draco whispered to Vilhelm.

“Poachers, I would say. Let’s just hope they are after Ramora and not our girl.”

Harry’s mug hit the table loudly, and coffee spilt over the sides. “What? Ramora are from the Indian Ocean, they couldn’t survive up here.”

The old man cackled, almost like an old hag. “Ah, Mr. Potter—Harry—the people of the Thule have been trying for centuries to breed them here, and they have been successful. They do migrate to the Atlantic in the winter, though. Now, you had better not tell your legal compatriots back home or I will personally hex you. We anglers honour our guardian fish; it is the poachers we detest. Now finish up, we’d best be going.”

“The umiaks were large boats the Inuits used to carry their women and supplies,” Vilhelm explained. “This old thing hardly compares, but that is what the others call it when they see it,” he added as they stepped into the boat with their rucksacks. Inside were other items lying about, mainly spears and knives made of bone, but also skis and snowshoes. Harry was thankful there were more blankets, from what animals he didn’t know, and at the moment, didn’t care. Harry sat up front, Draco in the middle, and Vilhelm in the back.

“Now each of you grab an oar, and try and look like you know what the hell you’re doing. I’m going to only use a little magic to get us moving along at a respectable pace. Once we are out of sight, we’ll move along more quickly.”

As they rowed away from Upernavik Island, Harry realised he had never felt such calmness in his life. Within a half-hour, they had rounded Apparsuit, where thousands of guillemot and cormorants were gathered, and they now faced open water, where massive icebergs seemed indistinguishable from real islands. The arctic morning sun distorted his understanding of how far away everything was.

The boat began to hum as Vilhelm increased the magic. Harry couldn’t help but look down into the deep cold waters and speculate on what was below. He knew there were seals, whales of differing types, and varieties of fish. The water was being repelled from lapping over the low-lying boat as they glided through the icy waters. It was hypnotic viewing the icebergs of blue and white drift by. He saw clouds gathering in the distance and felt the breeze pick up. He pulled the fur blanket tighter, closed his eyes, and just let his body feel the motion of the boat, and the cold ocean spray freezing on his exposed nose and cheeks. The last thing he remembered was hearing one of his boat mates singing low and soft; a ballad about ancient sailors.

Harry could hear singing as he dreamed of floating on clouds above an ocean of white. Around him, the sky was filled with men riding dragons and yelling with joy as they caught a strong current and were swept along with it. Someone’s arms wrapped around him and whispered of the beauty they were being blessed by seeing. A shadow overtook them and Harry’s hair blew in different directions as the flapping of wings sent downdrafts of air over them. He strained to look up and fought the wind whipping across his face. The dragon above him looked to be made of ice in colours of white and blue. Her great face peered down at him. She didn’t speak aloud, but her voice was clear in his head. “Dragon Rider, you and your bird are welcome.”

Harry woke with a start and a smile. He was lying down in the boat with furs covering him. Draco was beside him, asleep. They were wrapped in a thick blanket of fog, and he could see nothing around him. The old wizard stopped singing and smiled when he saw Harry sit up; at least that’s what Harry thought he was doing, as the man had very few teeth. “You both have safe passage?” the wizard asked.

“Yes,” Harry whispered, having not quite found his voice, “if that was her in my dream, but she said...”

“Good, I was hoping she would accept both of you,” Vilhelm replied joyously, not letting Harry finish his words. He raised his wand and instantly the thick grey fog vanished. Harry’s eyes widened as he saw the boat was already half-way on land. There was a shallow landing consisting of small rocks that fanned down from a path carved between two massive walls of ice. “Welcome to Cock Island, Harry Potter.”

Harry’s breath was taken away as he tilted his head back to see how tall the sheer faced glacier was. It looked like a mountain sliced in half. Draco stirred next to him. Harry pulled back the blanket covering him. He leant down and whispered next to Draco’s ear, “Draco, we’re here. Time to explore.”

Sleepy eyes opened, and the long body stretched and yawned. Draco sat up and rolled his neck around making popping sounds. “Merlin, I don’t think I’ve slept that well since I was kid.”

“It’s eight at night, boys, I think you best be going and set up camp for tonight before the sun sets much lower.”

Harry gathered his rucksack and carefully stepped out onto the shore. He looked back at Draco who was staring straight up at the bisected glacier, his eyes filled with wonder. “Malfoy, time to go,” Harry said briskly, knowing that would get his attention.

“Yeah, okay,” Draco responded, still dazed. Harry reached for his hand and helped him out of the boat. They gathered the skis and snowshoes pushing them, along with items made of bone into their bags.

“Take the extra blankets too,” Vilhelm said gruffily to them. “They will keep you warm, or at least alive in the worst of conditions. Now, I’ll be back in seven days, if the weather holds. If not, return each day. I will be back.”

Harry and Draco both attempted to return to the boat to shake the old sailor’s hand, but he used the oar to move the boat from the shallow shelf and returned to the water. Heavy mist rose from the water and their view of the boat was obscured. Harry turned to Draco, and with an exaggerated sweep of his arm, pointed towards the path and teasingly said, “After you, o’ great explorer.”

They walked for an hour through the narrow crevice, the gradient moving them uphill gradually. The walls of the glacier were stripes of varying shades of blue and white, revealing millennia of compacted ice. After the first half-hour, Harry had a strong appreciation of how good of shape Draco Malfoy was in. Eventually, Harry was beginning to pant, trying to keep up with the consistent long strides of the wizard in front of him. He wanted to stop and take a drink; the dry cold air had sucked all of the moisture out of him. Just as he was going to request a break, the path became steeper, and after a few minutes of struggling to keep his legs moving forward, the walls shortened and they had come out on top of the island. Draco dropped a blanket on the ice and fell on top of it. Harry was relieved that Draco had been affected too. He plopped down next to him and together they viewed the glacier they were sitting on, recognising they were in a shallow valley in the middle of the island. Edges far in the distance could be seen, and to the north, another rise; it was a small mountain, and at least this one seemed to be made of rock.

Draco retrieved a canteen of water and took his share before handing it off to Harry. “Let’s put the skis on and go for a few, and then we’ll set up camp for tonight. I would prefer a place a little more sheltered.” As Draco’s words ended, they watched in amazement as the walls of the path they had just travelled joined once again; neither had words. Draco reached into his bag and pulled out a red pole, stood up and magically forced it into the ice, marking the spot they would have to return to.

Harry took large gulps of the water and handed it back to Draco. Together, they struggled with putting on the cross-country skis. Draco, thankfully, had done this before. It took Harry a few minutes to get into the rhythm of sliding across the ice and not picking up his feet to walk. What initially appeared to be a sheet of flat ice was not; Harry once again noticed that the arctic sun played with his depth perception. Small dips appeared and crevasses in the glacier that looked harmless, could quickly turn into a dangerous situation. Harry smacked into Draco when he came to a full stop in front of him. The ice had been thinning below them and now they had reached an expanse of rocky ground. Farther on, where they could see it dropped off, there was another large crevice and beyond that, more rock terrain. They removed the skis and walked to the lichen-covered rocks’ edge. A wide smile broke over Draco’s face as a small stream originating from the mountain meandered through the crevice, and further down, collected into a small lake. “Fresh water,” Draco said excitedly. “We’ll camp here.”

The tent, once fully erected, resembled those Harry had seen and used before. It was unremarkable from the outside in its size. Harry wasn’t sure what he expected on the inside, but the simplicity of the furnishings was surprising. Draco, having years of experience in living in a tent, seemed to have only brought what was needed, yet enough to still be comfortable. The inside, while one large room, was separated by function into four. One corner was for sleeping, with two single beds, a bedside table between them, and a wardrobe for each. The corner next to it was for working; Draco had included two tables resembling those in his library, and various drawing and measuring instruments strewn about the tables, and two chairs. In the same corner, were shelves filled with books. The opposing corner from the bedroom encompassed the kitchen, eating area, and a door leading to the loo. Harry smiled as he saw the two cauldrons stacked by the kitchen cupboards. One was Draco’s and one was Harry’s. Draco had teased him about requesting to bring his own. The last corner was for relaxing. Two comfortable chairs faced a fireplace, and a game table with a wizard chessboard already set stood between them. A long couch was set to the side, with furs lying over the back.

Both emptied their sacks, and went about putting away their clothes and arranging their other items. A whole kitchen shelf was dedicated to potions that both he and Draco brought with them; Draco arranged them in order of type and then alphabetically.

One thing that was becoming increasingly clear to Harry, was that Draco did not talk for the sake of talking. He was comfortable with it being quiet, and Harry appreciated this. He loved his family dearly, but the noise at home did set him on edge at times. He hadn’t grown up learning to be a conversationalist, and he found both at work and at home that others found it necessary to talk about anything and everything. This next week, he decided, would be good for him. It would be hard work, but also relaxing.

Harry sat down by the low fire and closed his eyes enjoying the peace. Draco was still puttering around, but finally Harry heard him sit down on the other chair. “Harry, would you like some dinner before bed?”

Harry opened his eyes to find a plate of shepherd's pie next to him.

“Chantal insisted I bring some comfort food for the first night. We will trade off the chore of cooking dinner, and I am hoping that we might be able to enjoy some of the local seafood.”

“Sure, that would be great. Thank Chantal for me. It looks delicious.”

They finished their dinner in silence and afterwards, Draco cleaned up and brought out a bottle of firewhisky. He poured each of them a shot.

Harry lifted the glass and gave Draco a salute. “To great adventures and discoveries,” he said before downing the shot in one gulp.

Draco returned the cheer and downed his in kind. “I’m pretty knackered, so I’m off to bed. Please set the fire to stay lit. I don’t care to have to run to the loo while freezing in the middle of the night.”

“Sure, no problem. Good night, Draco.”

Harry quickly made a decision to sit in the other chair from now on. In this chair, he had a perfect view of Draco in the bedroom. Draco had no hesitation in removing all of his clothes in front of him. However, when Draco walked starkers to and from the loo, and then slipped into bed, Harry realised it wouldn’t matter where he was sitting. He had never seen anyone that was so comfortable in their own skin. “You sleep starkers?” Harry blurted out once Draco was in bed.

Draco turned and lowered the candle’s flame on the bedside table. “Yes, I do; you stay warmer without any clothes. Why, does it bother you?”

“Nope, just curious. I think Ron and Hermione would have had a conniption if I did that when we were camping.”

“Well, you should try it sometime,” Draco mumbled as he rolled over, facing the wall.

Harry stayed up a while longer, skimming book titles and taking notice of other items Draco had brought. The only thing Harry could see that was not a necessity was a picture of Scorpius on the bedside table. Harry added his own of his three children. It struck him as odd that neither brought a picture of his wife. He crawled between the sheets, starkers, and was overwhelmed with how warm the sheets and down comforter were. Draco had put a Warming Spell on his bed. He blew the bedside candle out and snuggled into the covers.

“I saw you today,” said a familiar voice. Harry looked all around the cloud he was floating on. He couldn’t see anyone, but he knew she was around. “Your partner is a handsome one and very thorough. You should treasure him, yet he did make one mistake tonight.”

“Where are you?” Harry asked, staring up at the blue sky. “What mistake did Draco make?”

“Ah, I am home tonight, in my cave, Dragon Rider, and what a beautiful name for a bird. Draco did not put up any Protection Spells. I would feel better if you did that now. The island is not invisible to animals and there are those that would find you both a tasty meal.”

“What kind of animals? Magical ones?”

“No, I’m the only magical one, my friend. Polar bears, though there are not any on the island this season. When the water freezes, they might visit.”

“Why do you call Draco my bird? He is my friend, well, not really even that.”

The dragon suddenly appeared on his cloud and snorted at him. Smoke spewed from her nostrils. “He is more than that, Dragon Rider, and you shall not disparage him. Have I mistaken my trust in you?”

Harry quivered under her direct stare. Her eyes of black were glaring at him.

“No, Draco and I will be friends. We have a past to get over and I think he is a remarkable wizard whom I am growing to respect. You have not misplaced your trust in me.”

The dragon stretched out and lay on the cloud next to Harry.

“What is your name?” Harry asked, lying down on the cloud facing her. He could easily have reached out and petted her snout. She was a ferocious beast, he was sure, but she also had a tone that reminded him of his old Head of House.

“That is very forward of you to ask, Dragon Rider, but I shall tell you. My name is Lusi.”

Harry couldn’t help but laugh. “Lusi? How did a dragon end up with such a name?”

“You don’t like it?”

“No, that is not what I meant. I actually do, but I just expected an ancient name.”

The dragon rolled on her back and shimmied as if she had an itch. Harry thought this was a strange way to view a dragon. Her thoughts reached out to him again.

“Well, Harry the Hero, Lusi is my short name. My real name is atrocious and very aristocratic. I only use it when I meet with the others. After all, I do have to retain some level of authority, or they would all have their way with me.”

Harry burst out laughing, the dragon laughing with him by snorting out bellows of smoke. 

“There are others? We thought you were the last one.” 

“No, there is another female and there are two others, males, scum of the … oh never mind. The males live in Antarctica. I visited them a few years ago—to, well, you know?”

“I know what?”

“Oh please, don’t tell me that the only Dragon Rider to come along in centuries is a stupid one. To mate, you silly wizard.”

“Oh,” Harry replied. It struck him as strange that he knew he was dreaming, but that this also seemed so real that he felt foolish.

“It is real, Dragon Rider. Our thoughts are connected while you dream.”

“Will I get to meet you, Lusi?” Harry asked wistfully. He could see growing to like this amusing dragon.

“Maybe,” she answered coyly. “I will allow you to see me, but whether you will meet me will depend on the circumstances. I want to observe both of you before I make that decision. Now, I think we have talked enough for tonight. Good night, Harry. Go put up your spells and give that handsome bird a squeeze.” 

Harry choked and woke up coughing. He felt for his wand and glasses on the nightstand as he leapt out of bed with a full load of adrenaline flowing through him once again. The need to set Protection Spells around the camp occluded any thoughts of reason. He whispered, “Lumos," as he stumbled towards the tent entrance.

“Potter! Stop! What the hell?” Draco yelled out, and then a light appeared from the candle between their beds. Harry jumped and turned back towards Draco with his wand raised.

“Are you insane?” Draco asked loudly as he rubbed his eyes. “Good God, you are even starkers. You want to freeze your bits off? It’s ice cold out there, you git.”

Harry glanced down and watched his bits retract at just the thought. “Thanks,” Harry replied and began haphazardly putting layers of clothes on.

“What are you doing, Potter?” Draco asked incredulously. He sat up in his bed and stared at Harry, who was heading for the tent door again.

“Setting Protection Spells. Lusi said there are animals on the island. No polar bears right now, thank Merlin,” Harry replied as he made his way out of the tent. The initial blast of frozen air took his breath away. But it was nothing compared to the beauty of the night sky he was confronted with. He had heard about the Northern Lights, but he was not told of the thick blanket of stars that reached down to the ocean’s horizon when the lights were not present.

Instincts kicked in, he quickly walked around the edges of the campsite, setting the spells as he and Hermione had done so many years before. He returned to the front of the tent and stood there in amazement at the sky. “Beautiful, isn’t it?” Draco said, as he stepped from the tent and next to Harry, his breath was visible.

“Yes, it is,” Harry replied between chattering teeth. Draco wrapped an extra blanket over his shoulders.

“Who’s Lusi?” Draco asked as they both tracked a large meteor trailing down to the southern horizon and seemingly fall into the ocean.

Harry glanced over at Draco, who appeared warm in his fur boots, coat, and hat. “Lusi is the Glacier Dragon, she visits me in my dreams and we talk. Well, not really talk, it’s like we can read each other’s thoughts.”

Draco stood there staring at Harry, gobsmacked. “You talked with a dragon? Why? I mean—shit that is unbelievable—it’s incredible!”

“Slow down, Draco. I’ve only communicated with her in dreams.”

Draco shook his head and sighed. “Why am I not surprised that you can communicate with a dragon?”

The corners of Harry’s mouth turned up. He didn’t have an answer.

“So what did she have to say?” he asked impatiently.

“Inside,” Harry responded as he felt his whole body began to shake and shiver.

Once the tent door had been sealed, Draco raised the fire in the fireplace. To Harry’s amusement, Draco stripped back down to nothing, and slipped back into bed. “When you’re ready, I would like to hear what Lusi had to say. That is if you can tell me, as you made it sound like this wasn’t the first time.”

Harry scattered his clothing and quickly jumped between the sheets, once again they were warmed, courtesy of Draco. He turned on his side and faced Draco, resting his head on the stack of three pillows. “I wasn’t hiding anything. I just didn’t know what to think of it the first time it happened. It was on the trip over to the island, which, by the way, is called Cock Island,” he said with a grin, “and she said she would allow us passage. I dreamt that I was floating on a cloud watching the…”

“Dragon Riders, they were drifting on the currents,” Draco said slowly, seeming as surprised as Harry was. “But I didn’t see you talking with a dragon.”

Harry shrugged. “Well, she did in my version, but she did say something else, both earlier and tonight, that struck me as odd. She seems rather fond of you, and quite protective. She calls you a bird."

Draco grimaced. “No clue, Potter. So what else did she have to say?”

Harry told Draco about the rest of their conversation, and Draco groaned loudly when he heard that Xenophilius had been correct; there was not only one other female, but also two male Glacier Dragons in Antarctica.

*******************************************

The next three days were some of the longest Harry could ever remember. They quickly learned on the first morning of their expedition that the island had an Apparation damper applied. They would not only have to walk to a destination, but walk back. Draco set a brutal pace for him to keep up with. The island was not large, but it was a good six hours walk, crossing from east to west, and over eight hours north to south, due to the conditions of the land. Draco mainly had them inspect in detail the areas not covered by the glacier. He kept a notebook out at all times and was continuously jotting down observations. Harry was sure that he was also making drawings. They had combed the brutal landscape looking for anything unusual. Anything that showed that humans and/or wizards had once lived on the island. They found nothing, and if Lusi was watching, she did not make an appearance.

One would have thought that very little vegetation would be found on such an island, but once Harry looked at where he was walking, he noticed it was all around him. On a south hill, they found patches of Arctic blueberries. They picked all they could find for the night’s dinner. Draco pointed out the Arctic birch shrubs clinging to the side of the rocks near the south shore. The mountain sorrel’s leaves were almost all red now, but still it held some of their flavour. They collected a few sprigs to add to the night’s fish soup.

The stream’s water was refreshing, but the small lake was devoid of fresh-water fish. Gathering the second night’s meal from the south coast was the only time in three days where both of them were forced out of their serious moods. Harry was sure that Draco Malfoy would hold the incident over his head for the rest of his life. The island’s south end, unlike the east and west, which ended in high cliffs, had a shoreline. Harry spotted a few cod close by, raised his wand and said, “Accio fish” . Draco fell to the ground laughing before the onslaught began. Fish of every size flew from the ocean’s waters where Harry’s wand had pointed, knocking him to the ground, covering him in a pile three meters high. Draco only helped when a lone seal landed on top of the aquatic hill and he heard Harry groan. He removed all but a few of the halibuts, and covered the distance quickly to make sure Harry was not too badly injured. A few quick healing spells for bruises and scratches, and Harry was physically healed, though he seriously doubted his ego would ever recover. Draco, to his credit, did not argue with Harry over dinner that the seal had no right coming out of the water.

It was after they went to bed that they would discuss what they had observed and where they should go tomorrow, and it was during the third night of their late night talks that they discovered an interesting difference between the two. Draco was incredibly detailed, but it was Harry who had the big picture. “Life does not give up easily; it seems to do everything it can to adapt and survive,” Harry proffered before Noxing the candle between them.

The fourth day they began their trek to the north, towards the mountain. They packed up the tent and their belongings, as Draco wanted to climb the mountain and felt returning to the river would waste time. Harry could tell that Draco was getting worried that the expedition might end in failure. Lusi had not appeared in Harry’s dreams, and Harry had no words of comfort to break Draco’s solemn mood.

The island may not have contained any polar bears, but they did discover as they travelled north, that it did hold small herds of reindeer and caribou. They were not surprised to spy a wolf, camouflaged by the surrounding glacier, stalking the reindeer herd. Harry’s appreciation grew immensely for those who lived in these conditions permanently.

tbc…