Anna's Next Day
by Greenboy44

Anna's training with Cora continues.

This is part two of Anna's story. I recommend that you read the first story (Anna's Training Day) before you continue with this story.

Special thanks to Anonymous. Your recent communication pushed me to write Part 2 of the Anna stories. Looking forward to your thoughts on this one.

Anna. It had been two/three weeks since Anna's experience in the park with Cora and Duke. It had been a very difficult time period for her. She had been trained that day. She had responded to that training. It had been such a humiliating experience for her.

There were so many feelings and thoughts she needed to sort thru in her mind. There was no one she could discuss it with. Who would believe her if she told them what had happened to her that day?

As was her nature Anna blamed herself at first. How did she let that happen to herself? How could she not have been stronger that day? Maybe she had deserved to be treated that way by Cora. Was she unsocial and rude? Was she a snob? Did she need to be punished and trained to behave properly? Perhaps it was her own fault.

She soon realized how wrong that thinking was. She had done nothing to deserve what happened to her that day. No one should be treated the way she was that day. She was a young, independent, strong woman. She knew it. She needed to get back to her life.

Anna began to resume her normal daily routine. Working hard. Running each day. She started going running in a surrounding town, which also had a park with running trails. She vowed to train even harder. To get in better shape. She would become even stronger physically and mentally.

Only one thing lingered with her. She had never had a sexual experience like that day in the park with Cora before that. It had been so powerful. She had felt totally under the control of Cora that day. And she had enjoyed it. She had never sexually responded like that before.

Ever since it had happened Anna always went to bed naked. She felt like she had no control over that. Almost feeling like she was being forced to go to bed naked. Her dreams and subconscious thoughts replayed her experience over and over. Sometimes Anna even adding to it in her dreams. She was orgasming two or three times a night. When she woke up her sheets were often soaking with her pussy juices from her many nightly orgasms. Her nipples were still often hard and erect from her dreams when she woke up. It took her a few hours in the morning to shake the strong sexual arousal that she felt in the morning.

Despite her nighttime arousal, it was not long before Anna started feeling better about herself and her life again. Focused. Clear minded. Motivated. She was starting to enjoy her life again. The thoughts about her experience with Cora were fading every day. Her day times were almost normal again. She still experienced the intense night time sexual arousal but she hoped that would eventually subside. For now she would have to accept it and deal with it as best she could.

Finally, the day came when Anna decided she was ready. Totally ready. To conquer that last hurdle she had been avoiding. She would return to her running park. In her town. Today.

Anna was a beautiful young woman. At 28 years old. She was blessed with the perfect runner's body. On the shorter side. Lean. Thru her lifetime of running she had only added to her bodies beauty. She kept her hair short for her running. Her eyes were bright and clear. Her facial features defined. Her legs were lean and strong. She had an amazing small muscular butt. Her butt checks were solid. Her stomach was defined. Her breasts were smaller but firm. Her nipples were long and sensitive. Even when not erect. When aroused they grew out to amazing lengths. She kept her pussy always clean shaven. She loved the bare feeling of it being shaved.

Anna knew she was attractive. She did not mind displaying her body when she ran. She wanted to feel as close as she could to being naked when she ran. She had an ever growing exhibitionist streak in her. Which seemed to increase as she aged. She enjoyed the reaction from people as she ran by them. It was a turn on for her. Both men and woman gazed at her as she ran by them.

Anna never wore underwear or a bra when she ran. She had bought a new running suit since her park experience with Cora. The material was very thin. The thinnest she could find. It showed off her body even more than the previous one. More transparent. The bottoms were tight, form fitting. Bikini style. The color was a light grey.

As she glided along on her run, the material in back would rise up high around her butt checks. Exposing them more and more as she ran. Almost providing a thong like effect by the end of her run.

In the front as she ran and began to sweat, it wetted and tightened the material around her pussy. Making it see thru. Exposing the very noticeable outline of her pussy to those who looked quickly enough.

The top of the outfit was made for a runner. But it fit like a bikini top. Because her breasts were smaller and firmer she did worry about them bouncing as she ran. The top provided just enough support for them. There was still a slight movement of her breasts against the top as she ran. This did create friction against her nipples as she ran. By the end of her run her nipples had been teased just enough to become erect and protrude through the thin material of the top.

Anna runs were a release for her. She loved the way her felt body after a run. The fit of the running suit and how exposed she was wearing it. The lucky passer-bys who saw her as she ran by them. All of this served to excite Anna. She usually went home and orgasmed herself in the shower after her run.

She could feel the butterflies in her stomach as started her first run back at her park. Would she encounter Cora? She went at her usual time of mid-day. The park was quiet as it always used to be. As she ran along, she built up her speed. Enjoying being outside. Feeling more and more natural and relaxed as she ran.

Anna went by a few other people in the park. Dog walking. Walking. Etc. Some familiar. Like the pair of sisters she used to see walking all the time together. They always used to wave at her in the past. She never used to greet them. Much to her own surprise Anna greeted them today. And every other person she ran by. Why? She had no idea. But she had decided she would not look down on her fellow neighbors in town anymore. At least, for now, this was her town too. She would do her best to treat everyone with respect. Maybe she had learned something beneficial from her experience with Cora.

This continued for a few weeks. Anna getting back to using her own park and its running trails. She was enjoying it. There had been no sign of Cora. Maybe it was timing. Maybe she had moved. Maybe she was so ashamed of how she acted towards Anna she did not use the park anymore. Anna had no idea. She did not care. Anna was happy.

It was a Tuesday when it happened. Anna was racing along and turned a corner in the trail path. There she was. Cora and her dog Duke. It happened so fast Anna had no time to think or react. She saw Cora smile and say hello. And Anna just kept running. Right by her. She did not respond at all. No greeting. Nothing.

As she ran further and further away from Cora, a sense of relief overcame her. She was glad she had had not responded. She had needed to do that. When she woke up the next day, she realized she had slept straight thru the night without having the intense sexual arousal she had been experiencing every night. Anna felt whole again.

She knew it was just a matter of time until she saw Cora at the park again. But she was fine with that. It would not bother her. She had closure now. Sure enough. About a week later Anna was running when she saw Cora again. This time she shouted out a Hi and gave a wave to Cora.

As she continued to run, she thought she heard the sound of barking in the distance. The barking grew closer. The slightest bit of fear started to build in Anna. It could not be. She ran faster. Her fear growing. Still the barking grew closer until it was right on her heels. Duke nipped at her heels as she lost her balance. Anna tumbled and landed on her bottom sitting upright. Startled. Duke came over and sat between her legs. Giving her a warm wet lick. The beautiful lab.

Anna quickly regained her senses. She tried to stand. She was met with a growl from Duke. She stayed sitting. She realized that Cora would soon appear. Something told her she should get out of there.

Anna tried getting on all fours and ever so slowly started to crawl way. Duke just looking at her. No barking or growling. It was working. She felt she was almost far along enough to stand and start running. Until she heard the sound of footsteps right next to her. Looking up she saw Cora standing over her. Within a quick motion, Cora reached down, attaching a collar and leash to Anna.

Anna screamed: "No. Take this collar off me immediately. This is unfair. You are insane. You cannot do this to me again. I will not be treated like this". Anna grabbed the collar with her hands. Pulling at it. Screaming. Her eyes wild with anger.

Anna was strong for her size. But Cora was larger and stronger. She was in good shape for her age. She had a strong upper body. She held the leash firmly until Anna had exhausted herself.

"You can and will be treated like this. You did not learn your lessons. I am afraid we will have to start your training all over again."

"I said Hi and greeted you today."

"Yes. But not when I saw you a few days ago, you did not. That was very rude. I thought you had learned how important it was to be polite to all the townspeople you encounter. Now you will have to relearn."

In reality, it had not bothered Cora at all when Anna did not greet her the other day. Cora did not really care. She did immediately realize it was a new opportunity for her with Anna.

Her experience with Anna had changed so much from when they first met. At first, it was just trying to teach a young outsider a lesson on politeness and courtesy. It had changed to something much more.

Cora knew she was a rather ordinary woman. Living an ordinary life in a small town. But yet, she had been able to take control of a beautiful, smart, big city, young woman. She enjoyed that feeling of power over Anna. It was satisfying to Cora. She even felt a strong sexually response from it. She wanted it to continue.

Anna head dropped. Her mind was racing. What could she do? She was on all fours. With a collar and leash on her. She could not believe this was happening to her again.

Cora made a hand gesture and gave a command to Duke. Duke slowly walked over behind Anna. Gathering a small piece of Anna's running bottoms in his mouth. Duke quickly shook his head from side to side. Tearing and ripping the thin material right off Anna. Leaving Anna's lower half naked.

Cora held the leash firmly. Keeping Anna still in her position. Another series of commands was given to Duke.

Anna was trying to block out the previous experience with Duke from her mind. This is what she had been reliving the most when she was having her dreams at night. Her dreams about Duke seemed to arouse her the most.

It had been so humiliating for her. The beautiful dog. His warm, long tongue. The way her body had responded to the dogs licking of her pussy. How much she had enjoyed it. Duke seemed to know just how to treat her pussy. It was so hard for her to rationalize her reaction to the dog. How the dog had been able to arouse her. Now she was afraid it was going to happen again.

Duke was behind Anna. She was sweaty from her run. The taste of salt in her sweat attracted him. First Duke lightly licked at her legs. Then her butt checks. He licked all around, removing all the salty sweat from her butt. She then felt him focusing on her butt crack area. Where much of her sweat had gathered. Licking up and down. Until the space opened wider for him. Final able to insert his tongue into her anus. Lapping deeply. Deeper and deeper. Anna could feel his warm, long, skilled tongue probing into her anus. The feeling was delightful. Then stopping.

Just like the first time, Anna could feel the mixture of shame, resistance, arousal all building inside her. She was trying to resist having a sexual reaction as Duke's tongue entered into her anus. But she could not. Her prior training with Cora was being re-triggered.

Plus her exhibitionist feelings were adding to the effect. With Cora watching. Her pussy was reacting. Her pussy was becoming wet and slippery. Her juice was beginning to leak down her thighs. She could feel her outer labia lips opening. She was becoming very excited by Duke.

She felt Duke pause. Withdrawing his tongue from her anus. Duke sensed something was happening in between Anna's legs. He remembered their past experience as well. The delicious scent of this woman. The delicious taste of her that came from in between her legs.

Anna felt Duke trying to put his head between the back of her legs. He shook his head from side to side. Creating enough space for him to get his head in between her legs from behind. Gaining access to her pussy from behind. Anna could feel Duke licking her pussy juice off the insides of her thighs. Then lapping and licking at her pussy. Gently. Slowly. Opening it up more and more. Gaining more and more access to it.

Anna heard her own moans escaping from her. Her body was swaying in rhythm to the dogs licking of her pussy. It was unfair the way the dog could please her. His tongue was so long, warm, skilled at licking. Treating her pussy this way. Better than any man. She was losing control to the beautiful dog.

Then the dog withdrew his head. Sitting down behind Anna. The dog was teasing her. She spread her legs wider. Wanting Duke to continue so badly. Needing her release more than anything else. Looking up at Cora. She begged. "Please".

Cora tried to keep a serious expression on her face as she observed Duke and Anna. Cora was not a lesbian. But she could feel herself becoming excited watching this display. Anna was such a beautiful girl. To see the way she reacted to Dukes attention was amazing. She had never seen anything like it.

To see how the dog was able to take control of Anna again, for a second time. It was incredible. She had stopped Duke from bringing Anna to a climax during their first training experience. But she would not this time.

Cora gave the yes command to Duke. Anna felt Duke quickly resume his spot between the back of her legs. Anna could feel Dukes tongue starting to increase his pace. Her pussy was being thoroughly and vigorously lapped at from behind.

She felt herself raise her butt even higher, giving the dog greater access to her. She could feel herself being opened up more and more. Deeper and deeper the tongue was going into her pussy. Her pussy felt engorged from all the licking. Her pussy was drenched with wetness from all the licking. The juice was flowing out of her and leaking down her thighs.

Finally she felt Dukes tongue making contact with her clitoris. Grazing her clitoris over and over. Anna could no longer control herself. She let out a scream. Her body shaking as she released a huge orgasm.

Cora allowed Duke to continue lapping at Anna while she was orgasming. Even after Anna's orgasm the dog continued licking up all the juice that was flowing from Anna's pussy. The dog could have bought Anna to countless orgasm by repeating what had just happened.

Anna seemed powerless against Dukes tongue. Duke had assumed total control over her. But Cora just wanted Anna to be built back to the edge of another orgasm. She gestured and Duke backed up from Anna.

Cora pulled at the leash. "Stand". She looked at Anna standing in front of her. Anna's was trying to look away. But her body was betraying her. She was still on the edge of another orgasm.

Just the way Cora wanted her. Her nipples were far extended from her breasts. Her beautiful cleanly shaved pussy appeared swollen and raw after the constant licking by Duke. Cora enjoyed seeing Anna aroused. Plus it also easier to train her when her mind, body were distracted with many thoughts and feelings.

Cora resumed the same training as their previous time with Anna. Giving her the command to Walk. Stop. All Fours. Over and over. They repeated these commands. Cora once again building up her control of Anna thru her instruction. Training her to obey her.

Anna tried to not show how well she was accepting the training. But it was such a good fit for her personality. She enjoyed instruction and routine. Cora's demanding personality was so strong it was easy to comply with her commands.

Then it happened. Anna could see a pair of people approached them on the path. Finally. This was the break she needed. She did not care that she was naked. All she could think about was that this was her chance to escape from Cora.

For some reason Cora did not try to change their path, she just kept walking right towards the approaching people. It was the two sisters that Anna often saw walking. They were each about 50. Warm faces. Trim features. On the shorter side. Attractive for their age.

Cora greeted them. "Hello. Claire and Emma." They responded back. Obviously they knew each.

"What is happening Cora. What are you doing today with this young lady?"

Cora explained that this was Anna. She was training Anna to behave like a proper young lady. With politeness and courtesy. She made it sound like this was a normal everyday thing.

Amazingly the sisters did not react with shock to see a naked and collared young woman walking in the park. They said "Well she certainly is a pretty young woman. She does look familiar."

Cora said that they probably recognized Anna from the park. That Anna ran here frequently. She asked them if she ever greeted them or said Hi. Both sisters responded no. Just once. The last time they saw her.

Cora. "Now you understand why she needs to be trained. We cannot have that type of unfriendly attitude in our town."

Emma. "Interesting. At least we understand why you are doing this. It makes more sense now that you have explained it."

Anna could not believe what was happening. What she was hearing. Did these ladies think this was normal? Were they going to allow this to happen to her?

Anna. "Do you think this is normal? Are you going to do something about this? Are you going to help me? Release me from this crazy lady."

Both the sisters looked at Anna. "We agree. Seeing you like that is very unusual. We can tell you are very upset. But we are sure Cora's intentions are good. Perhaps this training from Cora will help you."

Anna's heart sank. She could not believe what was happening. The two sisters were not going to help her.

At first Anna did not care that she was naked in front of the two sisters. She almost forgot she was naked. Her only thoughts were that they would rescue her. Now that she realized this was not going to happen. Her thoughts changed. The range of emotions started swirling in her mind. Fear. Embarrassment. She was now being exhibited in front of three people. Naked and collared.

Cora. "Thank you for your support. I knew you would understand. I know this seems unusual but it is needed for Anna. It is for her own good. Would you like to take a moment with Anna, before we resume our training?"

Anna could see both sisters smile.

With Cora still holding Anna in pace with the leash, the two sisters approached Anna.

Emma came up in front of Anna. Claire going to her back. They both stood very close to Anna.

Emma came within inches of Anna's face. She looked right in her eyes. She seemed so reassuring. So calm. "Oh dear. I can see you are very upset. So tense. Don't you worry. This whole experience will turn out fine for you. Let us help you relax so you can make it thru this difficult day."

Emma's hands reached out to Anna. They held her face. Then lightly caressed her checks. The touch was so gentle. Tender. Anna felt the fingers trace down to her neck. Then lightly rub her shoulders. She exhaled a deep breath. Emma's touch was soothing. The hands dropped down to the top of her breasts. Tracing around each breast with her fingertips. Then using her thumb to trace around the far outside of each already erect nipple. Anna felt Emma's forefinger circling her each of her nipples. Getting closer and closer until she reached the end of Anna's nipples. She flicked each nipple back and forth over and over. The sensation causing Anna's nipples to extend even further out. Then using her forefinger and thumb she gently twisted each nipple slowly back and forth over and over. Anna's nipples were so sensitive. An incredible sensation of pain and pleasure shooting thru Anna. Her nipples felt so raw and enlarged under Emma's touch.

Continuing her journey, Emma hands traced down to Anna's stomach. Lightly touching and rubbing her belly and the tops of her thighs.

Anna felt the hands reach her crotch area. Rubbing just above her pussy lips. Then lightly fondling her pussy. From her thighs to her pussy and back. Her pussy was already so wet. She felt Emma place her hand on her right hip. Holding her firmly in place. She then felt Emma gently insert a finger into her pussy. Then another. She just held her fingers there. Not moving them. Holding them still inside her. Ana's pussy enjoying the sensation of them inside her.

At the same time Emma was in front of Anna. Claire was at her back. Anna could feel her fingertips rubbing her head. All over. It was if she was relaxing her mind by the way she massaged her head. Claire then dropped her hands to Anna's shoulders. Massaging them. Combining both a gentle with more firm touch. Then rubbing down the middle of her back and then to her lower back. Right above her buttocks. The hands were like magic. She could feel stress in her lower back slowly evaporating.

Finally Claire place a hand on each of Anna's butt checks. Anna's butt checks were firm and muscular from all her running. But Claire was very patient. She kneaded each check until the muscles slowly started to loosen. She was then able to get a better hold on Anna's checks and apply a more firm massage. Opening up her butt. She felt Claire place one hand on her left hip. Holding her firmly in place. Anna then felt Claire insert first one and then a second finger into her anus. Just as Emma was doing she just held her fingers there. Not moving them. Anna enjoying the sensation of them inside her.

Anna was amazed at what was happening to her. How she felt. Each sister doing their own separate things to her. Each slowly and methodically manipulating her body. Yet still working like a team on her. In total tandem. Now their actions all seemed to tie together.

Anna's breathing was now deeper and slower. Her mind had cleared. Her body was relaxed. It was almost like she wasn't in the middle of this terrible ordeal anymore. That she had been temporarily transported to another place. All her senses and focus were on the two fingers inserted into her anus and pussy. She was already sexually aroused before the sisters arrived. Now that felt heightened by what the sisters had done to her. She felt even more sexually aroused.

Anna could barely move. Each sister holding her place as best they could with their hands on her hips. Their fingers were perfectly still inside her. She could just barely rock her hips back and forth. It was her only choice to build herself to the orgasm she badly wanted. Little by little Anna was able to move her hips back against the fingers in her anus and then forward against the fingers in her pussy. She squirmed and pushed as fast as she could. But she was able to move so little against the fingers. Only small, slow movements. The effect was to force her sexual release to build very slowly. Exhausting her. Torturing her. Her pussy being more and more engorged. After what seemed like forever, her release came suddenly. Powerfully. Anna squirted and ejaculated. A stream of her pussy juices shooting out all over Emma's fingers and hand. She had never done this before when she orgasmed.

Both the sisters and Cora were startled by what they just had seen. They were speechless. The stunned sisters slowly gathered themselves and walked away. Saying nothing as they departed. Leaving Anna and Cora standing there.

It took Cora a few extra moments to finish processing what she had just seen. Finally she said:

"Let's keep going. It is time for the last part of your training today. You have done very well. I hope you realize this was for your own good. I feel confident that after today you can be a more positive member of our community again."

"There may have to additional training sessions in the future. I will decide on that."

Cora removed the collar and leash from Anna. They were no longer needed. She knew Anna was no longer going to try and resist her instructions. She had once again accepted her training. She had one final last step that would put her back in total control of Anna.

They walked silently except for Cora calling out the instructions to Anna. Walk. Stop. All Fours. Eventually they came to a small private opening off the trail. Cora gave Anna the All Fours instruction.

Anna dropped her head. She was exhausted. Both mentally and physically. She had worked so hard to recharge and bounce back from her last experience with Cora. Yet here she was again. Being trained. By this overbearing, crazy woman. She just had to hold on. To be able to resist a little longer. To avoid being totally controlled by Cora. She could overcome this experience.

Cora had no idea the sisters would become part of their day. But for this last part of the day Cora had carefully planned. She had a strap-on dildo she was going to use on Anna. She had done this the last time with Anna. She was confident, once she use this strap-on dildo, it would complete her control over Anna. This was the perfect time for it. Anna was tired and dazed from today's events.

She quickly moved behind Anna. Undressing. She had a special strap-on dildo with her for today. The last time she had used a regular dildo cock on Anna. This one was different. It was specially designed. .

Of course, it was long. But most importantly it was wide and heavy. Very heavy. Specially weighted to maximize the feel when fully inserted in Anna's pussy. Selected with Anna's small, lean frame and her tight, bare pussy in mind. The arousal would be unbearable for her. Anna would not be able to resist it once it was inside her.

Cora grasped Anna firmly by her hips. Holding her still. Lightly rubbing the tip of the large cock against her pussy. Over and over against her pussy lips. Teasing them. Wetting her pussy. Until she sensed Anna her outer pussy lips opening. Then she gently slipped the cock into her pussy.

The fit was very tight at first. Slowly. Patiently. Cora worked the dildo cock into her. Further and further. Filling her pussy. Stretching her pussy until it was finally completely plugged inside her pussy. Then holding Anna perfectly still so she felt the full weight of the cock inside her.

At first, Anna thought Cora was rubbing her fingers against her pussy. It was only when the tip of the cock entered her that she realized what was happening. It felt so tight. She was stunned. Her mind raced. Cora was going to fuck her. She was trying to take everything last shred of her dignity and resistance away from her.

Anna felt Cora wiggling her own hips, trying to make room for the large cock to be inserted inside her. She did it slowly. Until Anna felt the cock entering her pussy further and further.

This dildo cock felt so different than the first one Cora had used on her. Anna tried to move. To squirm. But Cora held Anna still as she inserted it all the way into her. Forcing Anna to accept the enormous presence of the dildo cock inside her pussy. Anna felt impaled by this cock. The cock felt so heavy inside her. Like a weighted plug had been inserted into her. The sensation of it being stuck inside her and feeling so filled was very uncomfortable. Yet she felt very aroused by it. Anna could feel her tight pussy stretch around it and start to moisten.

Anna could feel her heart sinking. Her own body and pussy were betraying her. The feeling of the heavy cock inside her was overwhelming. She felt helpless against it. She felt herself beginning to accept and open to the idea of Cora fucking her with it. She could not resist the sexual arousal that was being triggered in her by this dildo cock.

As her arousal increased and her pussy continued to moisten she could feel Cora being able to start moving the cock inside her. Just a little at first. Then she was able to move it more freely up and down inside her. Cora was now able to begin to thoroughly fuck her. She had never been fucked like this before. She could feel the power of the dildo cock going thru her whole body.

The heavy cock was riding into her more and more. She wanted to shake it out of herself but could not. Its massive size and weight firmly planted inside her pussy. Her pussy felt swollen and enlarged. It was throbbing inside her. Rubbing against her now emerged clitoris. Her whole body was beginning to buck and shake. She could feel her breathing slow and she began to involuntarily pant and gasp. She felt herself building and releasing like never before. A series of orgasms racking thru her body.

Even after she stopped fucking Anna, Cora held the dildo cock inside Anna. Holding it in her as long as possible. Wanting to make her remember the feel of it and build her desire for another experience with it in the future.

Cora eventually withdrew the dildo cock from Anna. Leaving Anna sprawled in the grass. Cora collected her belongings. Leaving Anna her top and an extra pair of shorts she had bought for just this situation.

The final part of the days plan had worked perfectly. The smart, beautiful, young Anna was now hers again.

Cora: "You are now mine forever. You will meet with me whenever I desire. I am your Master."

The End.
