Best Laid Plans (Chapter Four)

Awkward silence. Willow’s least favorite thing. Well, one of her least favorite things, anyway.

Angel had made his phone call, come back out, and now was being all “cryptic-silent-no-words-guy” again, telling her only that his “friend” would be there soon and saying nothing more. Great.

You’d think she’d be used to the whole terse and laconic thing after Oz, but at least he had told her stuff. Well, except about wanting some skanky slut of a werewolf bitch more than he wanted her, but before that, yeah, he had usually told her stuff. Not that Angel was Oz or anything - Oz was her boyfriend and Angel wasn’t, that was for sure. So maybe it wasn’t so weird that he didn’t really talk to her, but c’mon, they were friends. Okay, maybe not actually friends but...hey, she’d given him back his soul. Didn’t that mean they were...something? Not soulmates, of course (she couldn’t believe that word had even popped into her head), but...soul buddies, maybe?

Just when the quiet was about to make her head explode, she heard a voice, shortly followed by a man - well, demon - she vaguely remembered suddenly making a rather flamboyant, yet seemingly casual, entrance.

“Got here as soon as I could, Angel cakes, what’s the...? Whoa.”

The green demon guy in the disturbingly loud suit took a step back, as if taken aback by her, and Willow thought he had quite a lot of nerve. After all, maybe she wasn’t the best dressed Wicca in the world, but she didn’t clash nearly as badly as he did.

“Sorry. I’d forgotten how powerful you were, sweet thing. My word, the magical energy’s just pouring off you. I’m Lorne, by the way, I’m sure you remember me. We met when...” His voice trailed off, obviously not wanting to bring up the circumstances of their last meeting - when Willow had come to give them the news of Buffy’s death, the death she herself had later undone.

He held out his hand and Willow tentatively shook it. “Willow.”

He nodded.

“Yeah, I remember. Well, now that we have the re-introductions out of the way... I can sure see why the big guy over there wanted me to stop by. You, my dear, need a reading.”

A reading? Alright. That actually seemed like a good idea at this juncture. She could use some spiritual guidance as to what in the heck she was supposed to do about that spell. But from this guy? Still, she figured he had to know his stuff or Angel wouldn’t have called him, and she felt a bit guilty for judging him based on his sartorial taste considering everything she’d been through in her life due to her own, so she decided to relax and see what he wanted from her.

He paused for a moment and looked as if he were concentrating on her very deeply - reading, she assumed. As hard as she tried to keep her mind clear to help him out, though, it didn’t seem to work. Once again, as was happening way too often lately, her thoughts got tangled up in non sequiturs as she stood there.

What on Earth had his mother been thinking, naming him Lorne? Didn’t she realize he was in for a lifetime of teasing? Of course, maybe demons didn’t watch Bonanza. And come to think of it, she seemed to remember him telling her on that last visit that he was from someplace called Pylea, where she was pretty sure they didn’t get cable... Focus, Willow. With effort, she steered her mind back into the moment here and just waited to see what he had found out.

There was a hint of sadness, she thought, in his eyes when he finally spoke. “Everything’s pretty much of a mess to me right now, hon. I’m afraid I am going to have to ask you to sing. Sorry. I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t necessary.”

Willow was shocked by his words. They seemed to imply...he knew about...? She guessed he really did have the psychic mojo.

Angel looked at both of them quizzically. Willow was about to try to explain when Lorne held up his hand to forestall her and said simply, “Long story.” He turned back to her. “Just sing whatever pops into your head, okay?”

Of course now Willow was paralyzed with stage fright. That, coupled with memories of the last time she sang - in the park, with Tara, the last time things had been good between them, and then when she’d ruined everything - made her mind go blank and she couldn’t think of a single song. Well, just opening her mouth and hoping for the best had worked with talking to Angel; she had to cross her fingers and hope it would be just as successful now.

“Rock-a-bye baby, on the tree top. When the wind blows, the cradle will rock...”

Okay, lullabies weren’t exactly the Beatles greatest hits, and she’d never claimed to be Tori Amos, but did Angel have to look quite so stricken? She’d never heard him sing, of course, but he couldn’t be that much better than she was, could he? And after all, she hadn’t asked for this gig. If her voice was so terrible to listen to, he could just leave the darn room.

“And down will come baby, cradle, and all.”

Lorne smiled, an expression Willow found odd, given his horns and all, but nonetheless rather warm and endearing.

He turned to Angel. “Congratulations, big guy. This little lady is...” He paused as he spoke, though only so briefly that Willow almost didn’t notice, before continuing, “going to make you the proud owner of a permanent soul. And my advice to you is not to go throwing this gift back in the Powers’ teeth. They want you to be happy, oh broody one, so take them up on it, no matter where that happiness lies. Don’t let that annoying tendency of yours towards questioning and self-sacrifice stand in the way of what’s meant to be.

“And you, my dear.” He turned to Willow. “Don’t be afraid of yourself. The Powers brought you here for a reason. It’s time to start listening to them, okay?”

Willow wasn’t totally sure what he was talking about, but she smiled and nodded and that seemed to make Lorne happy. For the second time today, she found herself enveloped in a comforting hug.

“Don’t be afraid of love, sweetheart. No matter what anyone might say, just reach out and grab it, no matter who it is. Don’t worry about what anyone else says or feels about it. You have the right to be happy, too. Don’t think for one minute that just because you’ve made a few mistakes you don’t deserve to be loved.”

Okay. That was sweet, and very encouraging, but the oh-so-obviously-euphemistic “no matter who it is” spiel was kind of unnecessary. After all, she had been comfortable with the whole “I’m a lesbian” thing for quite awhile. She even had an Out and Proud t-shirt. And she’d worn it. In public. More than once. But it would have been rude to point that out to Lorne after he’d given her this reading, and with it the green light (she cringed inwardly at her mind’s choice of metaphor) to make Angel’s soul permanent. And hey, what he said, non-specific and fortune cookie-esque as some of it was, seemed to mean that she’d been right and would be getting Tara back as a result of all this so yay, Lorne.

“Thanks,” Willow said as she hugged him back and kissed him on the cheek. He seemed pleased by that, so Willow was glad she’d gone the extra mile in the affectionate gesture department. After being so supportive and all, he was a-okay in her book and she figured she could even get used to the suit. She was kind of sorry when the hug ended and he made to leave.

“Well, you two will want to get down to business, so I’ll just head on upstairs and check on...”

“Fred,” Angel interjected.

“Fred. Yeah, I’ll do that. But Angel, you might want to...” He quirked an eyebrow at Angel, who seemed rather anxious to end the discussion right now.

“I’ll get to that later.”

“Okay. Well, guess I’ll see you when your soul’s all fixed up then, Angel cakes. Nice seeing you again, Willow. Think about what I said.” With that rather stilted and uncomfortable exchange concluded, Lorne went upstairs, leaving Willow and Angel alone again.

Along with awkward silences, Willow really hated conversations that went over her head, that were about what wasn’t being said. She could tell this had been one of those and she really didn’t like it. But getting Angel to tell her what he and Lorne had actually been talking about was about as likely to happen as Buffy suddenly deciding she was in love with Spike, so Willow decided not to bother trying.

“Okey-dokey, Angel, why don’t you show me where Wesley keeps his magick-y stuff and I can see if we have everything we need.”

Angel seemed a bit lost in thought and after a long moment, Willow wasn’t sure he’d even heard what she had said. She decided not to get offended by that. It happened to her way too often and with people she was closer to than Angel for her to take umbrage now.

When more time passed and he still didn’t reply, her resolve on that issue faltered, especially when he started to walk away. She was about to repeat her suggestion, and rather less than sweetly, when Angel turned back and said, “This way.” She followed him, holding her tongue. Getting a permanent soul was a big deal, she realized. He was being handed his heart’s desire on a silver platter: the chance to be with the woman he loved without any fear of turning evil. That had to be quite discombobulating after finally having resigned himself to an eternity of loneliness. Really, now that she considered it, it was no wonder he was distracted. Yeah, she thought as they headed towards Wesley’s office, that must be the reason he was being less than polite to her. No matter. She had more important things to think about than manners right now anyway. For some reason, she had absolute faith in Lorne and what he’d told her. It was true. She was going to fix Angel’s soul and everything was going to be alright. That was more than worth giving precedence to in her thoughts. Now to see about finding those ingredients...

Tbc...