"THE AFTERMATH" 
(Or What Follows Next)
Chapter 9: "Replacing Toby"

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories 

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect the integrity of the story and don't do any rewrites, alterations or add pictures."

Chapter 9: "Replacing Toby"

Part 1

Friday: 

Andy Trevorrow is feeling very pleased with himself. Today, as he drives into the city he reflects on the happenings of the past few days.

It all began on Tuesday when, quite by chance he'd seen the latest work by the city's leading artist, Antonio Varo, the bronze statues of two naked wrestlers locked in close quarter combat. 

                                                                                                            >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Tuesday:

Andy doesn't know what is that attracts him to the statues - perhaps it is the sheer eroticism of the sensually entwined bodies as portrayed by Antonio Varo; or is it the visual appeal of the two, naked wrestlers cast in the same heroic proportions as an ancient Greek or Roman work of art? Andy only knows that, at his first sighting of it, he was sexually aroused as never before by an art object. 

Andy considers he is a `lover of the arts' and over the years he has accumulated a moderate collection of minor art works, but these are small in comparison to the half-life sized statue of the wrestlers. The wrestlers' appeal to him was immediate and their effect upon him hypnotic; he knew that, despite their high price of 17,000 drachmae, he MUST have them- whatever the cost. To this end, he'd placed a deposit on the statue to ensure it didn't go to another buyer.

In his imagination, he'd even placed the statues in the centre of his newly landscaped courtyard, adjacent to the patio where he eats breakfast and lunch. There, he would be able to gaze upon the wrestlers as he ate and they would be on prominent display for all visitors to his home to see and marvel at. To say he is excited at his impending ownership of the wrestlers is an understatement. Of course, once he'd left Antonio Varo's studio reality took over.

How was he to pay for the statue?

Andy is the inheritor of a prosperous agricultural property and owner of a sizeable herd of slaves. In common with all farmers, Andy's wealth is conditional on the returns he receives for his crops and other produce. To date, he has been lucky in that the recent seasons have all been good ones ensuring a good return on his produce; and this season promises to be equally as rewarding. He knows he has one person to thank you this - his personal pleasure slave and trusted farm steward, Toby. 

In recent years, he has abdicated his responsibilities for the running of the farm and left it all to Toby; preferring instead to devote all his time to the artistic life of the nearby city.

Here, he moves in a circle of cultured friends whose interest in Andy extends only to his generosity and free-spending habits. Secretly, they laugh at Andy's country manners and sneer at his supposed artistic appreciations. For his part, Andy considers he is very lucky to move in such exalted company. He appreciates his good friends and delights in their company at galleries, theatres, restaurants and parties where his free-spending generosity knows no bounds.

His slave, Toby, is aware of his Master's foolhardiness and worries for Andy's future well-being. But as a slave -even a trusted, well-beloved slave -Toby is powerless to do anything about his Master's recklessness. Toby, in his position as farm steward, is aware that his Master's free-spending habits are unsustainable. He can only look on in dismay and hope that Andy comes to his senses - and SOON! In the meantime, Toby works the farm and its slaves that much harder to ensure that his beloved Master can maintain his chosen lifestyle.

Andy's determination to possess the statues at whatever cost has presented him with a dilemma-how to pay for them? He is aware that he has insufficient cash reserves to pay for it outright and even with the promise of a bumper season it will be sometime until he receives the returns from the harvest. Meanwhile, he must find the money within the next few days or risk losing both the statue and his deposit.

He could approach one of the city's many moneylenders and briefly he had considered doing so. However, he decided against this for the simple reason that, to maintain his current lifestyle, he had already borrowed extensively from one of his good friends, a prominent city banker. He will of course, repay this loan as soon as he receives the income from this season's harvest. 

But it would be bad form to approach the banker for an extension of his already existing loan; besides he doesn't want to give his friends the impression that he is short of money. Yet, it's a problem that vexes him and causes him to lose sleep that night.

Tonight as he lies in bed with Toby, the problem weighs heavily upon his mind. Of course, Toby hasn't any idea of his Master's foolish and unnecessary borrowing of the money. Nor does Toby know of the exorbitant interest rate his Master is paying to service this loan; a fact also not fully understood or appreciated by Andy.

And why should Toby know? After all, Toby is only a slave; albeit a well loved one. No, these matters concern only the Master and aren't of any interest to a slave. Still, his mind is troubled - how IS he to pay for the statue?

Lying alongside Andy, Toby is concerned for his Master. He knows that something is troubling Andy, but he doesn't know what. In the long years that he has been Andy's personal slave he has grown to know every facet and nuance of his young Master's personality. 

Instinctively, he knows Andy's moods as well as Andy himself; he is well-practised in recognising any changes in his Master's moods or behaviour. The great affection he bears for Andy ensures that he rejoices in his Master's happiness and grieves in his sorrows. In this, he is the completely loving and devoted slave.

Yet, tonight he knows that Andy has much on his mind. He respects Andy's ownership of him and he knows it isn't his place to enquire as to what is troubling him. He also knows should Andy decide it is something he wishes to share with his slave he will do so; it isn't for him to intrude into his Master's affairs. He is however, deeply concerned about his Master's extravagant lifestyle and his seeming indifference to where the money comes from to support it; he is also unaware of Andy's indebtedness to the city banker.

And Toby isn't aware, as yet, of Andy's burning desire for the statue of the wrestlers, their exorbitant cost and his decision to buy it.

He is overcome with the desire to comfort his Master and he snuggles into Andy. He loves the feel and warmth of his Master's hard body against his own strong, muscular frame and reaching down, he feels for Andy's cock. He is surprised to find it lying lifeless; usually, at this stage, it is rampantly erect and looking for relief. 

At the touch of his hand, Andy's body stiffens and there is an almost imperceptible movement way from Toby; Toby is surprised at his Master's seeming indifference. This is completely out of character and now there is no doubt in Toby's mind that something is seriously worrying Andy. But what is it that causes his Master to hesitate? Still, he persists; he is determined to comfort his Master.

Removing his hand from the unresponsive cock, Toby now toys with Andy's prominent nipples - he knows this usually arouses his Master - and patiently, silently he waits for a response. Gradually he senses Andy's awakening interest; there is a relaxing of the Master's body as the slave manipulates the hard, erect nipples and teases the chest hair. 

Suddenly, Andy reaches out and pulls his slave into a tight embrace drawing their two bodies even closer together, Andy feels Toby's hard erection pressing into his groin; the slave, for his part feels the Master's cock stir back into life. Andy now moves Toby's head down over his belly to his cock; the slave willingly, lovingly opens his mouth to receive it in a warm, moist embrace. Toby's tongue begins to slowly massage the ever-hardening cock; the Master begins to moan in delight.

Toby continues to encourage his Master's rising ardour by gently moving his lips up and down the now rock solid hardness of Andy's cock. His own cock grows even harder as his lips and tongue pay homage to his master. He is determined to bring Andy out of his despondency and, as always, he is eager to have his master's cock enter into him.

There's nothing Toby likes better than to have his Master fuck him. And as Toby looks into Andy's eyes, he sees Andy's rising lust.

Suddenly, Andy orders his slave. 

"On your back, lift your legs and spread them wide."

Eagerly, the slave complies and feels the head of Andy's cock poking at his puckering hole; reaching out, Toby's hands eagerly guide it into his willing body. As the slave relaxes, he feels his Master slowly drive into him. Andy takes his time; he inserts his cock, inch by slow inch, into his impatient slave. Andy pauses before each new thrust; allowing time for the slave's hole to adjust. Soon the slave experiences a wonderful sense of fullness and sighs contentedly. He really does love the feel of his Master's long, thick, hard cock stuffing his ass.

Toby begins to work the internal muscles of his sphincter slowly trying to draw the invading prick further into his body. Slowly, deliberately, he works these muscles to squeeze his Master's cock in a milking action. Andy responds by gently thrusting in and out of the hard-working asshole. 

As always Andy loves the tightness and warm silkiness of Toby's body. Gradually, his thrusting quickens and soon both Master and slave are lost in the rapture of their lovemaking. In the darkness of the room, they are lost in a world of their common lust; oblivious to all around them.

Toby reaches up and wraps his arms around Andy's shoulders drawing his head down; their lips meet, their tongues entwine and their bodies make contact. As their bodies touch, they both begin to moan in delight; they revel in the warm, satin like touch of each other's skins. 

As the slave's cock rubs against his Master's lower belly, it is excited by the friction and Toby feels tiny spurts of warm pre-cum ejaculating into the concave of his belly. In the warm, night air, both are covered by sheens of their sex sweat which adds to the intoxicating atmosphere of the room. The air is heavy with the scent of their lovemaking. The silence is only broken by their soft moans of ecstasy, the slurping of the master's cock and the loud slapping of his balls hitting the body of the slave beneath him.

Now, the Master quickens his pace and begins to thrust even faster and harder into his aroused slave. And as Andy humps the slave, Toby helps his master by raising his buttocks to meet the downward thrust of the cock and partially pulls back as it begins its withdrawal.

As Andy continues to work his slave's eager hole, his flesh is stimulated by its contact with Toby's warm, hard body. His legs tremble and his knees shake. His buttocks rapidly clench and unclench and his asshole is quivering uncontrollably. And his balls feel like they are about to explode. This is the effect that Toby always has on him and he knows that he is close to climax.

Toby, for his part, can't believe the sensations sweeping over him. As Andy's cock continues to ream him out thoroughly, every single nerve in his body is sending a message of pleasure to his brain; the cock's constant, hard pounding of his prostate has him shouting out his happiness. This is the happiness that his Master always brings to him. He too is close to climax.

Suddenly, Master and slave roar out their common ecstasy. Simultaneously, they both erupt into violent ejaculations; pumping out their pent-up emotions. For what seems an eternity they continue to come; the Master into his slave's body and the slave onto his own belly.

Now, weak from his exertions, the Master falls forward and lies on the slave's sweat soaked chest. Both are breathing hard and they feel the beating of each other's hearts. Each loves the warmth and feel of the other's body and as their nipples touch they experience little jolts of electricity- like pleasure. They are oblivious to time and are content to just quietly lie at rest.

At last, their breathing has slowed down and their heartbeats have returned to normal. The Master withdraws his now diminished cock from the slave's hole. The slave humbly asks for his Master's permission to clean him.

The Master graciously consents.

Finally spent, both Master and slave lie in a peaceful embrace in the warm afterglow of their sex. Toby rests with his head on his Master's chest; its warmth and the slow rise and fall of Andy's breathing is making him drowsy. Andy slowly moves his hands down over the slave's back to his rump where he lovingly strokes the firm, hard globes of the ass. He now feels the contentment that was denied to him earlier.

Admittedly, he still hasn't resolved the problem of how to pay for the statues, but it no longer uppermost in his immediate thoughts. Although, he knows the problem still persists, he is enveloped in that wonderful sense of peace that he always comes from fucking Toby.

He looks down at his slave and is overwhelmed with affection. Has any man ever had so loyal, so trusting and so loving a slave as Toby? He doubts it very much. Bending his head, he lovingly kisses Toby's forehead; the slave whimpers in his happiness and snuggles his head closer to Andy's chest.

As he watches Toby, Andy acknowledges how much the slave is a part of his life. Apart from the fact that he is Andy's personal pleasure slave - and Andy is only too well aware of the sexual gratification Toby has given him over the years - he knows that the good management of the farm and lifestyle he enjoys is entirely due to Toby's efforts. 

He reflects on the richness of his life and he has a profound sense of gratitude to his steward. He had, at one time, considered giving Toby his freedom but the fear of losing him has prevented him from ever doing so. 

Now, he is too dependent on Toby to ever consider so drastic a disruption to his self-absorbed lifestyle. No, Toby will remain a slave for the remainder of his life and live to serve him. 

Andy wonders what value do you place on such a devoted slave. He concludes Toby's services are invaluable and beyond any monetary considerations.

Then with lightning clarity, Andy sees the solution to his problem. Why hadn't he seen it earlier? Had he done so, he could have spared himself much anxiety.  What a fool he is; the answer was in front of him all the time. 

SLAVES! And he is the owner of many slaves.

He is a slave-owner and slaves of course have a monetary value. Why, only at last Monday's muster he'd complimented himself on the condition of his slave herd; he owned a large number of prime, young slaves who would sell well at auction. It is simply a matter of picking out two or three of his young slaves and sending them off to Dave Matheson's next auction. When is that he wonders? He'll need to move quickly.

Tomorrow, at their morning briefing, he'll inform Toby of his purchase of the statue and his decision to sell some of his slaves to finance it; he'll instruct his steward to choose some choice, young slaves to sell. 

He knows Toby won't like his decision, particularly as harvest is almost upon them, but it can't be helped. Anyway, Toby, good slave that he is, will carry out his orders without argument.

Suddenly all his concerns dissipate and he's eager to enjoy his slave once more.

Fully aroused once more, he wakens the sleeping slave with a hard slap on the ass. Ordered onto his hands and knees, Toby once more happily opens up his ever willing asshole to his master's ever ready cock.


                             >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


Friday: 

Approaching the city, Andy slaps the reins on his ponies' shoulders and spurs them on with an encouraging "HUP! HUP!" Both ponies leap forward into their harnesses and increase their speed.

Now, Andy sits back to enjoy the sensual display of the slaves' bodies. Both ponies are perfectly matched in height and physique and have deeply tanned hides with golden coloured hair. He watches the strain placed upon their broad shoulders and arms and the rippling of their muscles under the glowing skin of their powerful backs as they pull his rickshaw. Fascinated, he marvels at the erotic rise and fall of the firm, well-rounded globes of their asses as they run in unison and he watches the flexing of their corded thighs. As always he is entranced by all this.

Both slaves are perspiring profusely in the mid-morning heat and Andy looks on as the beads of sweat coalesce into tiny rivulets that meander down their straining torsos before being channelled into the valley between their glistening buttocks; he has a mental image of their sweat dripping from the ends of their cinched, semi-erect pricks and he is aware that his own cock is tenting his trousers. 

As he breathes in the pleasant, intoxicating aroma of their sweat, he lovingly, applies his whip to their beautiful rumps. Both respond-as they should- by breaking into a faster trot. Now Andy settles back and listens to the hypnotic sounds of their feet pounding on the roadway and the rattling of the rickshaw's wheels.

And once more, he reflects on his sudden good fortune.

Only yesterday afternoon, he had received a progress report from Dave Matheson on the sale of his four slaves. One of the younger ones had already been sold to the owner of an exclusive gentlemen's club for 6,750 drachmae-considerably more than the slave's initial valuation. Even now he understands the slave is at the chandler's being kitted out and branded for his new master; the slave will start his training at the club this very afternoon. This is an altogether satisfactory result.

Dave also told him of the considerable interest shown in his two blond slaves. It appears they have attracted the attention of two elderly sisters, from a prominent family, who are looking for two strong, young slaves to tend their gardens and to pull their carriage. Dave is confident of their sale. Andy recalls that these two slaves are indeed strong and, like the ponies in front of him, they are perfectly matched. He considers they will make noble steeds for their new mistresses.

And there had been encouraging news about Toby. Toby had been subjected to two inspections yesterday-both of which were extremely promising. Dave Matheson mentioned that one buyer in particular was keen to buy him for use at his stud. 

And he knows that at this very moment, his former steward is undergoing a third inspection. 

Dave is enthusiastic about Toby's showings and suggests that there will be considerable interest shown in him at tomorrow's auction. Dave anticipates there'll be strong bidding for him. Andy is heartened by all this and his anxieties and worries of recent days give way to feelings of relief.

But then, Toby intrudes himself into his otherwise happy thoughts. He frowns in annoyance; he really has no need to feel any guilt about selling Toby. After all Toby is a slave and is subject to the same treatment as any other of his slaves. If he chooses to sell Toby then, so be it; he doesn't need to feel bad it, does he? Nevertheless, his nagging guilt remains.

Of course, Andy could withdraw Toby from the auction, but he isn't guaranteed of realising the 17,000 drachmae from the sale of the other three slaves. No, at this late stage there isn't any going back; Toby's sale must continue. Now Andy begins to rationalise his actions.

Andy had made a conscious decision some time back not to give Toby his freedom. He'd planned on keeping Toby enslaved for the rest of his life, so where is the problem? After all, slaves have absolutely no control over their lives; their destinies are decided for them by their owners. Anyway, did it really matter to a slave who owned him or which master he served? Of course not! 

One master is as good as another, isn't he? Anyway, once sold, Toby will quickly adjust to his new life with a different master. And really, he doesn't have to explain his actions to any one; least of all a slave.

He recalls that his friends, when visiting his home had frequently chided him over Toby's over-familiarity and lack of deference to him. They pointed out that they wouldn't tolerate Toby's behaviour in their slaves and strongly advised Andy to assert his authority over his `uppity' slave. Andy had always ignored their advice, believing them to be wrong and unfair to Toby.

Now, desperate to assuage his nagging conscience and to find any justification for his betrayal of his slave, he convinces himself that his friends are right. He tells himself that Toby's behaviour, in recent times, has become too familiar and that the slave has forgotten his proper place in the scheme of things. This is a situation that no master can accept; such behaviour in a slave is intolerable. And Andy blames himself for this.

After all, he has always treated Toby with the utmost affection and leniency and has allowed him to assume liberties that a wiser master would never have allowed. No Toby, has become `too big for his loincloth' and needs to be reminded of what he is - a slave and owned property. 

Andy reasons it's most likely too late for him to re-impose his authority over his `wayward' slave. No, it's in his interest, and in the slave's best interest, to have a new owner bring Toby back into line. Therefore he needn't feel any remorse or regret at selling Toby; it is for the slave's own good. He tells himself that Toby is a `good slave' at heart and will soon settle down to serve his new master with loyalty and devotion. And in the final analysis, this will make Toby a much better slave-obedient and humble as a slave should be. 

Now, there isn't any doubt in his mind that his decision to sell Toby is the correct one.

Or is it?

Somewhere buried away at the back of his mind, the nagging question still persists.

Andy's mind now turns to other more pleasant matters. He is on his way to Dave Matheson's slave-pens to choose a replacement slave for Toby. The prospect of this cheers him up enormously.

When speaking to Dave Matheson yesterday, he'd been assured that the sale of his four slaves would return considerably more that the cost of the statue. He'd asked Dave, if in his opinion, there would be enough money left over to buy one of the newly enslaved prisoners from the northern border dispute.

Dave had hastened to tell him that, as these new slaves are "wild and unbroken" stock, they will sell cheaply at auction. And because of this border dispute, he has a glut of such slaves waiting to be sold. Andy should be able to buy one of these slaves quite cheaply. Why not come in and look them over? Of the fifty scheduled for Saturday's auction there were quite a few worthwhile slaves that Andy could consider buying.

Consequently, Dave had kindly invited him to visit his slave-pens to privately inspect any slave or slaves that took his fancy. Andy thanked Dave for his invitation and accepted. Now he is on his way to the city to do so.

Once more he applies his whip to the ponies' shoulders and urges them on; he is eager to see what slaves Dave Matheson has in stock and if one is a suitable replacement for his former steward, Toby. Already he is thinking of Toby as his former steward. 

Only yesterday, he'd promoted his most senior overseer to the position of farm steward. The overseer was delighted at his promotion and promised to serve Andy diligently and faithfully. Andy, for his part, is encouraged by the overseer's response; this proves that Toby isn't indispensable after all. He places great store on his new steward's enthusiasm.

Andy is greatly heartened by his recent good fortune. Now assured of buying his statue, he is also in the fortunate position of having enough left over to buy a new slave. He congratulates himself on his good business acumen in selling his four slaves. And who knows he could still have money left over to spend on a "grand soire" to introduce his new statue to his artistic friends. His feverish imagination is now in full flight.

He'd recently heard of an exotic form of wrestling called, he thinks, mud wrestling. In this form of wrestling, the naked, oiled combatants wrestle one another in a pit of dry earth mixed with oil.

Andy visualises the erotic spectacle of a pair strong, muscular slaves straining to beat one another in the slippery environment of the pit. He is sure that some of his field slaves could be matched with one another in `winner takes all' bouts where the winner gets to fuck the looser. He chuckles as he thinks how his slaves will provide his guests with double the entertainment - wrestling and fucking.

When he returns to the farm he'll consult with his new overseer about this; he'll need to choose suitable slaves as wrestlers and to have his slaves construct a wrestling pit. He considers it most appropriate to have `live wrestlers' stage an exhibition at the unveiling of his new statue. He compliments himself on his brilliant idea.

Of course, he'll have to provide other entertainment for his guests. He will need waiters and other personnel to help out on the evening and he knows his friends will be looking to him to provide them with `pleasurable relief. It won't be possible for him to use his own slaves for this as they are, in the main, only field slaves; his friends are too cultured and too refined to be served by such rough, uncouth brutes. 

He will need to hire experienced staff for the night and he wonders where he will find them. Perhaps the owner of the gentlemen's club who has just bought his slave hires staff for such events. Anyway, it's a possibility worth exploring; he'll seek the advice of Dave Matheson on this. Who knows, Dave might give him the name of the club and its proprietor.

Now his thoughts return to the altogether pleasurable task of considering the purchase of his new slave. What type of slave is he looking for?

He supposes this depends largely on what stock Dave Matheson has in his pens. The other morning, as he took his own slaves in for valuation, he'd caught a brief glimpse of that day's offering waiting in their cages prior to being placed on the display platform. He hadn't paid too much attention to them and from memory they appeared to be an indifferent lot; some average, some a little better than average and with, no doubt, one or two above average specimens. It is this latter type of slave he'll be looking at this morning.

Already he has decided he wants a young slave-no older than twenty-one or twenty-two- possessing a strong, muscular body with prominent nipples, a firm well-rounded arse, large genitals and handsome features. The slave will also need to have a nice hair covering on his chest with a matching line of hair trailing down over his belly to his cock and balls.

Andy really does prefer a slave with body hair; this was always one of Toby's most appealing features. He really doesn't like smooth bodied slaves; he disapproves of the boyish look preferred by some of his arty friends. At this stage, he isn't too concerned with the slave's hair colouring; he remains ambivalent on that. Andy anticipates that his new slave, because of his wild status will require a lot of training to bring him into line with Andy's requirements. He looks forward to this `breaking in' of his new slave.

This new slave will play a slightly different role to that played by Toby. Unlike Toby the new slave won't be his farm steward - he has already appointed an overseer to this task. The new slave will, of course, have the very important duty of providing Andy with the `pleasure' that he has always enjoyed with Toby. His other duties will include acting as Andy's body slave-valet.

All his friends have personal body slaves and they have, from time to time, commented on his lack of such a slave. In the past he'd never felt the need of a body slave; Toby seemed to meet all his requirements. Now however, it seemed appropriate that he should acquire one; if only to put him on an equal footing with his sophisticated friends.

The new slave will be trained to wait on him at table, to serve him drinks, to maintain his chambers and wardrobe and help him in the shower or pool.

And Andy's city friends assure him that there isn't anything as relaxing or as sensual as having a slave massage oil into a tired, aching body immediately before bathing. This will certainly be included in the new slave's duties and Andy eagerly looks forward to this innovation in his daily routine. Andy has an erotic vision of him standing naked in the shower after his massage as this new slave soaps him up and cleans him. The tenting in his trousers becomes more evident.

Andy is grateful to his friends for introducing him to this more sophisticated and refined lifestyle.

Now at the outskirts of the city, Andy pulls back on the reins, slowing his ponies to a walk and guides them through the busy streets to Dave Matheson's dealership.

                                                          
                               >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>


Part 2:

"Good morning, Mr Matheson." Andy greets Dave Matheson.

"Please call me, Dave. All my friends and acquaintances do. Do you mind if I call you by your first name? Which do you prefer- Andrew or Andy?"

"Please do, Dave. And my friends call me Andy. Thank you for your invitation to look over your stock"

"Think nothing of it, Andy. The pleasure's all mind. Tell me what type of slave are you looking for?"

"Young - about twenty, good looking and with a strong, muscular body. And well endowed. Do you have any slaves that meet my requirements?

"I certainly do, Andy. Presently, we have some prime, fresh, young males in the pens - all newly enslaved. I'm sure you'll find one to your liking. Oh! By the way - before I forget. We had another excellent inspection of your former steward this morning. The client was most impressed and is keen to buy him. That's three clients who will be bidding for him tomorrow. Your prospects of getting a good price for the slave at auction are much improved."

"That's great news, Dave. Thank you. It's good to know that he impressed them. How do you see his future?"

"Stud duties, Andy." Dave laughs. "These three buyers all see him as a breeder. I should think your slave will lead a very active life under his new owner."

Fleetingly, Andy feels horror at the life that now awaits Toby. His nagging sense of guilt resurfaces to trouble him.

"Andy, in view of this interest, I'm prepared to revise my original estimate of 8,500. I believe you'll get in excess of 10,000 for the slave. How does that sound?"

"That's excellent, Dave." Andy replies all doubts and self-recriminations now gone. "Tell me, where is my slave now. If possible, I'd prefer that he doesn't see me; it could prove distressing for him if we come face to face."

"That's very wise of you Andy. And I've anticipated your visit. I've had your three slaves placed in isolation for the duration of your visit. As you rightly suggest your presence could unsettle them. We need to keep them calm for tomorrow's auction. It's better not to have any tantrums. But let's visit the pens and see if we can find you a slave that meets your needs"

Andy has never visited the slave holding pens before; very few people do. Normally, Dave only allows special clients into this very private part of his establishment. As they cross the enclosed courtyard, Andy's sense of smell is assailed by the appalling stench of the incarcerated slaves. The smell catches at the back of his throat and he wrinkles his nose in disgust. Dave notices his obvious discomfort and apologises.

"I'm sorry about the smell, Andy. But it can't be helped. As a farmer you'd appreciate that all livestock has its own distinctive odour. It's the same with slaves. There's not much we can do about it, however. We try to minimise it by regularly flushing out the drains but that has only limited results. I suppose for those of us who work with slaves, we become somewhat desensitised to their smell." Dave offers as he opens the door into the pens and stands aside for Andy to enter.

As he enters, Andy is nauseated by the stench of unwashed bodies, stale sweat, urine, excrement and raw fear. A number of the terrified slaves, knowing that some of them are to be sold tomorrow, have retreated into a state of oblivion. They huddle into the far corners of their pens seeking to put as much distance between them and the horrors that await them at tomorrow's sale. Others stand defiantly and glare their sullen resentment at Andy and Dave through the bars of their cages. Dave is greeted by two semi-naked overseers who ask if he wants the slaves roused to their feet. Dave declines; he prefers to let Andy take his time.

Andy slowly wanders down the central passageway peering into the cages on both sides. He is surprised by the sleek, young flesh locked in the pens.

The slaves for the most part, are young and have superb physiques. All are tall, long legged and have slim waists. The muscles in their shoulders and arms ripple erotically and their steel hard biceps flex with every movement. As they breathe, their strong, muscular chests rise and fall and their flat, hard abdominals undulate with each breath.

Andy is delighted by the way that their muscular thighs support their cheekily protruding buttocks. He is gratified to see that all, without exception are well endowed and that their cocks, resting atop their prominent balls, are in various stages of arousal; some are fully erect, others partially so and others are "resting'" in their flaccid state. Andy supposes their arousal is dependent on the emotional state of their minds. He guesses correctly, that their fear and uncertainty can limit their responses.

"Well Andy, do you see any that appeal to you?"

"I certainly do, Dave. The trouble is where do I to begin to choose. I'm surprised at their quality. I didn't expect to see so many fit, strong, young slaves."

"You're in luck Andy. This is our latest shipment from the north to replace the ones we sold earlier in the week. I understand that they are all ex-military and have only recently been captured; that would account for their fitness. The only down side to this is their wildness. They'll need to be severely handled by their new owners to tame them. As you can see we've put heavy shackles on them to keep them in check."

As Andy walks down the passage he stops in surprise before a cage holding a single slave. Andy can hardly believe what he sees. The lonely slave is of course naked as are all his fellows. However, that is where the similarity ends.

Whilst the other slaves are young and fit, this ageing slave is really a grotesque caricature. Aged about forty-five or so, the slave is of average height, balding and very much out of condition. His round puffy face is heavily jowled, his eyes are red from weeping and his nose is running. 

Round shouldered and with a sunken chest, his flabby pectorals hang loose atop his round, protruding belly which conceals his small, insignificant genitals buried deep within an unkempt bush of thick, greying, pubic hair. His thin, slightly bowed legs support his wrinkled, sagging buttocks. His mottled skin is pasty white and his arms, legs, chest and belly are covered in long, coarse, `pepper and salt' hair.

He is newly branded and now bears the angry, blistering S for slave on his left flank; mandatory for all slaves. When he sees Dave he begins to plead and his chest heaves from his sobbing. Dave ignores the wretched slave and laughingly says.

"Let me introduce you to Lot 1 at tomorrow's auction. We've given him star billing. He has the honour being the opening lot at the sale. Does, he interest you Dave? Or isn't he quite what you're looking for?"

"I don't understand; what's he doing here? He is so out of place."

"I know, Andy. He was only sentenced to life enslavement in court yesterday. You see, I currently have the contact to sell all court enslaved criminals. Under the terms of the contract I have to sell him at the first available sale- which is tomorrow."

"But why? What has he done?" Andy asks.

"He was a prominent city business man from all accounts. I think his crime was embezzlement or bankruptcy or perhaps both. I don't really recollect. Anyway it'll be recorded in his enslavement papers; the auctioneer is obliged to read it out to the buyers tomorrow when he's sold."

"Poor devil!" Andy says sympathetically as he looks at the terrified, sobbing slave.

"Don't waste your sympathy on him, Andy. He's guilty and is paying the penalty for his recklessness. Still we'll have fun with him tomorrow."

"What do you mean? How will you have fun with him?"

"He'll provide the comic relief. Can you picture him chained on the display platform among all the other fit, young slaves before the auction? He'll be the subject of much public scorn and ridicule and he'll be tormented mercilessly."

"That all seems unnecessarily cruel, doesn't Dave?"

"That's the least of his trouble. Wait until the auctioneer has him standing on the block. Then he'll really be humiliated. The auctioneers always enjoy selling a slave like him; it gives them an opportunity to demonstrate the comic side of their natures."

"How do they do that?"

"Well," Dave laughs "picture the pathetic sight he'll make as he stands on the block in front of the buyers. The auctioneer will play up the angle of him being a prime piece of slave flesh worthy of the most discerning owner. He'll poke fun at his impressive physique, his strong body and of course his well-endowed cock and balls. He'll make the slave stand at display and flex his muscles; and he'll have him `turn, bend and spread'. That usually brings the house down. The buyers always enjoy a laugh at the expense of these court enslaved criminals. That's why we've given him number one spot. The auctioneer knows how to work his audience, how to loosen them up and put them into a jovial mood. It relaxes the buyers and we find they are keener to bid on the real slaves on offer. Look, Andy it's all done in fun; nobody is hurt. And the buyers really enjoy it."

"Everyone except for the slave; I don't think he'll find it very funny. I still don't know, Dave. I feel sorry for the slave."

"Andy, you're right, the slave doesn't enjoy it; but he isn't meant to. It's all part of his punishment. As you can imagine the slave is shamed by his very public humiliation. It does however, impress upon him that he is now a slave and a very lowly one at that. It helps him to accept his new status."

"What'll happen to him? Who'll buy him?"

"He'll sell very cheaply. He'll sell for the proverbial song really. Perhaps he'll fetch 700 to 800 drachmae. If he's lucky he could end up as a live-in cleaner-janitor in a rest-room. But my guess is he'll probably end up chained to a work- bench or assembly line in a factory. Anyway, looking at him he won't last long; about two to four years at the most."

Andy is appalled at the wretched slave's grim predicament. This is an aspect of slavery he has never seen before or even thought about. He shudders at the slave's grim future as he moves on to the next pen. Now he stands transfixed as he peers through the bars at the cage's inmates.

As Andy looks into the pen, its traumatised occupants move as one to the back wall and crowd together like a mob of frightened sheep seeking mutual protection from a predator-except for two.

These two slaves stand defiantly, in a fighting stance, and stare with hate-filled eyes at Andy and Dave. Andy breath is taken away at the sight of these two magnificent, young slaves. Both are tall, blond, blue eyed and have well defined muscular bodies. They stand proudly in their enforced nakedness and return Andy's stare with insolence. Andy knows these two will be hard to `break' and will give their new masters much trouble before they are tamed into submission. Andy is excited at the thought of this.

One slave stands slightly in front of the other and has the bearing of a leader; the other slave stands just behind him in an attitude of support. It is obvious that these two, unlike their fellows huddled at the back of the pen, haven't as yet yielded to their captors. Both stand defiant and each proudly wears the stripes of this defiance on their shoulders and asses; obviously they have tasted the whips and canes of the overseers.

                                                        >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Grigor

Grigor stands his ground and stares back at the two men peering into his prison. He recognises one as the man who is in charge of this appalling place; the younger one he guesses to be a visitor. What is the purpose of his visit he wonders? Turning slightly, he sees that his corporal, Axel stands ready to support him should the need arise.

Grigor, as sergeant of his unit, feels a responsibility for the men huddled behind him. He is still coming to grips with their ambush and capture by the enemy forces, their delivery into the hands of the slavers and their subsequent brandings. 

He considers that he and his men are prisoners-of-war and has on several occasions demanded that they be treated as such. Each time he was rewarded with a beating. His faithful corporal, Axel, coming to his aid, shared his punishment. Both men are bloodied but remain unbowed.

Both Grigor and Axel remain defiant and promise each other that they will NEVER yield. They will NEVER submit to slavery and they will NEVER bow down to a master.

                                                        
                                                        >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Turning to Dave Andy asks.

"Dave, I'd like to inspect these two slaves. Is that possible?"

"I don't think that would be wise, Andy." Dave replies worriedly. "These two are the wildest in the pens. As you can see they are heavily shackled. Let's choose some other tamer slaves for you to look at?"

"No Dave! These are the two that interest me. I want to finger them."

"Very well then Andy. I don't agree with your choice. But it's your decision. I only hope it's the right one. I'll have them taken to an inspection room and made ready for you. However, that could take a little while as we'll need extra overseers to subdue them. ARE YOU SURE, ANDY?"

"I'm quite sure, Dave. One of these two will be my new slave. The problem for me is - which one will it be?"



To be continued..................







