Thai Bride-to-be: Please Bang my Thai Girlfriend Part 2

By Starfire Mayo - Second Life Asian Girl
(MMF, wife, interracial, threesome, submissive, prostitute, cuckold, Asian, creampie)
True story: I visit my Thai bar girl fiance and enjoy a submissive sex with her Thai boyfriend and lovers.

November 2010
I met my Thai girlfriend Eim in a Bangkok where she was working as a bargirl and part-time hooker. Eim young, very hot and sexually desirable: She is a twenty six year old beauty, petite five foot tall, gorgeous brown skinned with a lovely sexy body and long flowing black hair. She has a small thin girlish body with small pointed breasts and a tight hot ass. Eim likes to dress in those tight sexy Thai clothes that make her look so sluttish and so sexy. I think she could make a dead man cum. Those Thai girls are built for sex. They are all such sexy women, always happy to welcome your cock in their pussy. Eim loved having white guys fuck her, I knew that. Nevertheless we fell madly in love and made plans for a future together but we both understood that it would be necessary for her to continue to work as a sex worker in Bangkok when I was not with her. I knew that there was no choice but to let her continue to fuck anyone she wished as long as in her heart she was not involved with someone she was fucking behind my back without my knowledge or consent.

Like most those Thai beauties Eim really enjoyed her work in the bar and she was quite addicted to her lifestyle. She liked meeting other men, hanging out with the other whores, the promiscuous and regular sex with varied partners and the drinking and easy money. I could not ask her to give it up while I was away. Eim really seemed to enjoy sex and she wanted and needed it all the time. I loved her deeply so I would just have to accept her for what she was and try and understand that and she needed to be getting hot cock while I was not around. I imagined her fucking other men it gave me a real hard on as knowing that she was fucking all those men and that they were coming in her sweet tight small pussy. Instead of getting me angry this made me horny. I mean she was so fucking hot and seeing how those guys looked at her I knew why they all just loved to bone her. I felt kind of proud that she was so young and desirable and that she was mine. The fact that other men lusted for her body irritated me a bit but it did not make me jealous as I knew that she loved only me. Naturally I was jealous of her fucking other men and staying out until early morning. But then this was compensated by the thrill of tasting the sperm on her lips and the stale latex of condoms on her pussy.
I missed her like crazy even though we phoned each other every day. I was upset by how she earned her living but night after night I would fantasise about her fucking big well-hung males who would fuck her hard and make her cum like a slut. I could not stop thinking about it and I had a morbid fascination to see my girlfriend fucked by another man but to share in her thrills and experiences.
A month before our planned wedding, Eim he told me over the phone about how she had met this Thai named Cho. That he was so handsome and so well hung. She told me that she was lonely and asked if it would be okay with me not only to have sex with him, but a relationship. She told me that she did not want to hurt me but that she needed someone there too. She teased me by saying it was good she was so honest and faithful and that she would never cheat on me but that she thought he was sexy. 
I gasped. My cock felt as if it was going. The idea of my sexy girlfriend having a lover made me so hard. I asked her with mixed emotions of shock, arousal and confusion:
"If that would please you." I could not believe that I had just said that and agreed to her fucking another man. I told her that it was not cheating if she told me.
 "Is he a good lover at least?"
Her breathing was heavy and I suspected that she had fucked him already and that she was rubbing her moist pussy as she thought of him. 
"He is so big and virile. My pussy is so wet and red. He really turns me on..." She added.
The idea of my hot young girlfriend having sex with this other man excited me intensely and made me jealous. I knew that even if I wanted to, I could not stop her. After all she had already been fucking her large cocked bull. I was worried that now as she got a taste for it she may hold it against me or not love me as much. Instead I decided to get on a plane to Bangkok and fly over and see her. When I told her I was coming she became very excited and we made all the arrangements together.
When I saw her standing there waiting to meet me at the airport my heart missed a beat. Eim had squeezed into a very short, tight revealing, and black Lycra skirt. It reached maybe an inch or two below crotch and barely covered her pussy. Her black halter top showed her belly button. Together with her black heels and strong make-up she looked like a little Asian slut that wanted to get fucked. I took her into my arms, an instant hard-on in my pants and squeezed her tightly as we kissed passionately. Her lips tasted of sperm and I could smell another man on her. I knew that she had just been fucked a stranger. 
As we got into the taxi, Eim announced that she wanted to go to the bar for a little while and that I could check in to my room later. Of course I was quite disappointed as I was so horny and could not wait to fuck my girlfriend again. I managed a protest asking her why she was working today but she responded that she was off tonight as I was here.

She led me into the bar filled with sexy Thai girls and a Thai man came up us and said:
"Hi. I'm Cho. I have reserved a table for us."
I was disappointed but said nothing. Eim seemed excited and sat down between us and ordered beers for everyone as the music pumped out from the speakers. I felt slightly awkward but Eim did not seem to notice. She slid over to sit between the two of us and drank and laughed at what Cho had to say. I suddenly jumped as I felt her hard on my cock under the table. I saw Cho smile too and I guessed she had grabbed him too. As we talked and drank Eim was slowly rubbing our cocks through our pants. I put my hand on her leg and touched her thigh and was surprised to find Cho's hand already there, his fingers up her skirt and in her panties.
After a moment she smiled and closed her eyes, leaning back, her head on my shoulder. As I rubbed her clit I found Cho's finger already deeply buried inside her moist pussy. She bit her lip and I kissed her. She smiled and suggested we dance together. We danced for a while with Eim between us, one drink in each hand with Cho in front and me behind her. She put her arms around Cho and ground her pelvis against his loins while I took her by the waist and rubbed against her behind as if I was fucking her from behind. Eim's barely covered panties were visible to the front.
I was probing her butt with my finger, trying to finger fuck her ass. I wanted to put my dick there. She turned her head towards me, her eyes shining with mischief and arousal and boldly declared:
"I want him to fuck me now honey. I come to your hotel room later. Okay." 
Misinterpreting my expression she added:
"Don't worry. He fuck me good for you."
"Well I ..." I began to protest. She ground her ass against my hard erection and kissed me passionately. I moaned and gave in. I wanted to fuck her hard but I knew that Cho would be stretching my girlfriend's pussy first tonight with his big cock.
I nodded and swallowed hard knowing that she would shortly be spreading her small brown legs wide for Cho. When she came into the hotel room several hours later I saw that her face was flushed with arousal and her breathing heavy. She seemed absolutely radiant and sexy. I asked her what had happened. Instead of answering right away she gave me a quick hug and she began to wiggle out of her clothes. I could see the marks of sex on her body and breast. She stripped down to her lacy black panties and slipped into the bed beside me.
"Thank you so much my darling for being so understanding with me. I love you so much. I've been very bad girl..." She said with a wry little smile. 

She got into bed beside me and I hugged her. She shivered and kissed me hungrily. I could feel her body so horny beside me ready for sex. She seemed supercharged. I pressed her for details and she told me that she had gone to Cho's house and after a few drinks they had gone up to his bedroom.
She told me that Cho's cock was much longer and thicker than mine but she was so wet with lust that he had easily fit into her tight Asian pussy. After she had sucked it hungrily he had fucked her doggy until they both came. As she was telling me this and holding my hard erection I knew that she was so happy and horny and that she couldn't wait for me to fuck her. 
She looked at me deep in the eyes and said with a mischievous little smile:
"I have brought you home a little present I retrieved from today's work and Cho..."
I looked at her oddly as she reached into her small clutch and retrieved a small plastic back. She carefully unwrapped it. To my disbelief she produced five used condoms filled with cum which she handled with care so nothing would spill out. My heart missed and beat and I swallowed hard trying to control my mixed reactions.
"What the..." I stuttered.
"Five men have fucked me today and filled these condoms with their loving homage for your sweet lady. I want you to use them to worship my pussy..." She said seriously. 
My cock stirred and I felt weak with morbid curiosity, disgust and desire as she lay back naked on the bed. She carefully handed me the four condoms. All four were quite full and the outside was damp from my girlfriend's own salacious sex juices of arousal.
"Take the first one and pour it over my thighs." She instructed looking at me with a sly grin.
I looked at her in disbelief but took the condoms and trembling, swallowed hard and obeyed. As I squeezed the gooey mixture over her thighs I was breathing hard and my cock was stiff. Her body seemed to relax as I gave her this unique obscene massage.
She smiled at me mischievously and gave me further instructing: "Take the second condom and empty it over my pussy."
I obeyed, rubbing it into the soft folds of her swollen red pussy lips. Her breathing was shorter and my cock was stirring like crazy. This was instant creampie without the lover around.
"That's right; rub it in between my thighs..." She moaned.
She closed her eyes and groaned with pleasure.
"Now add the third there...yes that's right, Tilak Ja. Rub it deep inside... Lubricate my pussy with their sperm..."
I was very aroused now and my fingers worked all over her crack and in and out of her bare pussy. She bit her lips. 
"Finally I want you to take a four," She said. "Yes the well filled one. Rub the juices into your cock as homage and submission to these virile men."
I obeyed, my hand trembling with excitement, wetting my cock with the sticky mixture. I managed to squeeze out a huge amount of spunk. The smell of latex and sex filled the room. I could not have been hornier.
"Now turn it inside out," she directed, "and unroll the condom inside out onto your cock... Yes, like that. I want you to fuck my pussy with the used condom dripping with cum. I don't want to feel your spunk inside me today, darling. Today is our special day. I want you to help work all the other spunk inside my slutty pussy instead..."
I groaned and swallowed hard as I obeyed. A lot of cum still remained inside the condom and it felt squishy and damp as I rolled it onto my hard cock. I felt the cum inside the condom all over my cock. It felt disgusting yet somehow dirty and wonderful. I began to stroke my cock. I felt the cum all over it. I was aroused beyond belief.
She parted her soaking wet pussy and instructed me to climb between her legs. I pushed my cock deep inside her wonderfully well fucked pussy. She moaned and thrust hard at me, excited beyond belief and enjoying the feeling of my big cock filling her Asian pussy and all that spunk there. I licked her brown breasts and she sighed and whispered for me to continue to fuck her. As I fucked her I mixed and pushed in all the other men's cum deep into her little Thai womb. 
As we approached the climax, she suddenly paused, reached out for the last remaining used condom on the bedside table nearby and with a sluttish wicked grin dripped the cum with her finger into her mouth then licked her lips and spread it all over with her tongue. As I groaned and came inside her pussy, she pulled me down on top of her and kissed me hard, sending her little aggressive tongue darting inside my mouth and pushing the cum through my parted lips and into my open mouth, sharing it with me. I came hard inside her pussy inside the caged condom like any other john, keeping her pussy full of her paying lovers' spunk. She kept my mouth shut pasted against hers, staring me in the eyes until I swallowed instinctively. She smiled at me and kissed me gently as I groaned desperately.
We both decided that she should continue fucking Cho while I was in Bangkok and having sex with me afterwards. I did not mind this as I knew about her affair and I was okay with this as long as she did not fuck him in front of me. I guess we had reached a general understanding that it was going to be just sex for my fiance and that this would lead to hotter penetrative sex with her after for me. 
The next day my Eim informed me that she had agreed to meet her lover again that evening in the bar alone. I was irritated that she had not consulted with me first but as the meeting was a done deal I could not ask her to cancel now and after all I wanted her to be happy after all. When I said okay she gave me a grateful kiss and disappeared into the bedroom to prepare and put on her make-up and clothes for her date.
Although I had had my doubts it was very obvious to me that I had enjoyed it as much as she had and that I loved being cuckolded so I did not complain. I had this crazy idea that my future wife would be fully submissive to me while fucking other men at my discretion. How wrong could I be! Eim really seemed to appreciate having two men adoring her body and loving her at the same time. She liked the idea that she could still have her cake and eat it. She told me that she wanted to marry me but that she also needed to continue to see Cho and enjoy full sexual freedom to chose other partners and for pleasure and for her sex work. After all cuckolding is all about letting her get what she wanted, giving her sexual freedom and empowerment. 
That evening when she returned glowing and radiant from her long fucking, Eim demanded oral sex before I fucked her. She insisted that I not only taste her lovely cunt but eat Cho's sperm as well. When I came out of the bathroom I found my lovely petite wife lying with her legs up in the air and her pussy open and dripping from the juices from her lovers' spunk and her own promiscuous lust. I admired how nice her swollen pussy was for a moment then spread her legs wide I lowered my head between her legs, breathed in the strong musk aroma before hesitatingly beginning to lick at the own cum at the edge of her pussy lips. She gasped with pleasure. I slid my finger inside her gooey gaping pussy and she groaned. I could feel her body tremble with desire. I started licking around her wet pussy as I thrust my forefinger deep inside her juicy hole. I licked all around her pussy at the warm musky juices. She moaned and bucked her hips.  I tongue fucked her hot little pussy making her squeal and squirm on my tongue. Her thighs closed and clasped my head, pulling my mouth hard up against her slutty pussy. I sucked at her wildly, my tongue rubbing her hard clit and moving around the entrance of her vagina, lapping it all up as I jerked my cock. My head dove deep between her legs as I sucked at her wet pussy. She was holding my head and pulling me into her. It was not long before I felt my goddess shudder and come hard, clamping her legs around my head and crying out like a wounded animal. I slurped it all up into my mouth hungrily, swallowing it obediently as she told me to do. After licking her sweet pussy, she demanded to be fucked. While making love we were both fantasizing about her with other men as she liked fucking handsome well hung strangers. I fucked her hard for about fifteen minutes until we both experienced a massive orgasm and I shot my load deep in her unchaste sleeve.
Between her Thai boyfriend Cho and fucking men that she picked up at the bar she did not seem to have much time to spend with me in the run up to our wedding and most of that she was either sleeping or eating. It was very frustrating but I could not break the vicious circle. She was already addicted to her bargirl whoring lifestyle and unable or unwilling to stop. Even though I might be a good submissive and loving boyfriend she could compare to other alternative bulls better endowed and able to meet her sexual that she picked up in the bar and to Cho and I might lose her. The more I gave in and tried to keep her the more she was in control of me. I knew that cuckoldry is a one way street. The price of happiness was more and more male submission to her dominance over me so I was submissiveness to her stronger sexuality and let her satisfy her need for better endowed and much more sexually adept virile big well hung bulls. 

December 2010
On the night before our wedding Eim started to dress sexy for work. Instead of letting her go as usual I asked her if I could come along with her to the bar too. Eim was reluctant saying that she would be drinking a lot with other men and trying to get a man to fuck her. I told that it was okay and reassured her that I would not be jealous or interfere with her work so she agreed. That in fact I only wished to lick her clean after her johns had fucked her. 
The bar was already full and Eim settled her sights on Nat, a younger black boy with a large cock. We had a quiet drink as he sat opposite, he couldn't take his eyes off Eim who was dressed in a short skirt and Lycra top and stockings. I guess she was not used to doing this in front of me and with my permission. She finally danced with him, grinding her hips against him and letting his hands run over her body and ass and up her skirt to her crotch. She responded, laughing and kissing him, encouraging him to become bolder.
I sat on the chair and watched as Nat raised her skirt up around her waist, fondled her then stripped down taking out an impressive black cock. I saw Eim lick her lips with desire. She timidly wrapped her fingers around his shaft, glanced at me questioningly then began to stroke it, wanking him slowly while they kissed mouth to mouth. Her tongue was in his mouth. I watched them kiss, my cock hard in my pants. Kneeling down, Eim took the head of his black cock between her lips and began licking his shaft from top to bottom. As she gave him head her other hand was rubbing her pussy as she pleasured herself sucking at the erection in her mouth.
Nat groaned and grabbed her head as she came hard in her throat. She swallowed convulsively as she received his cum in her mouth. She moved back and received another load of cum over her face. I saw some of cum from her mouth run out of the corners of her mouth and drip down her chin. Keeping her lips closed, she smiled at me mischievously and reached up to kiss me on the mouth. She kissed me hard on the mouth, forcing the cum into my mouth with her tongue and her breath, holding me back and forcing me to swallow the musk salty mixture.
Eim whispered in my ear that Nat wanted to screw her and that she was going to do it with him tonight whether I was ready for it or not so I might as well enjoy it with her. I could always stroke my cock while I watched. I was dumbstruck and shocked as Nat pulled my future wife against him, lifter up her short skirt to expose her bare arse and squeezed it. My cock jerked with jealousy and arousal. It was going to be an interesting night.
When we got to the hotel room Eim informed me that Nat was going to fuck her right in front of me. Throwing herself backwards on the bed, her legs high in the air and wide apart, she parted her pussy lips with both hands. My wife-to-be begged him to fuck her. I could see Eim's nipples hard, erect and expectant. Nat glanced at me hesitantly so Eim said impatiently:
"Never mind him. He's just my cuckold man. He want me fuck lots of men, get many "farang" cocks in my pussy for money. He like see your big strong cock fuck me... Come now: Put that big cock in my wet pussy."
He climbed on top of her and placed to head of his oversized cock at the entrance of my girlfriend's wet pussy. Anxious, I began to protest as I realised this complete stranger was about to fuck her bareback. She glared at me, her eyes silencing me. He slowly pushed his unprotected black foot long rod a few inches in. I saw her wince with pain and ecstasy. She had never felt so stretched filled before.
He grinned. She had her hands on his butt she slowly pulled inside all ten inches. I saw him bury the entire length into my future wife's tight cunt. Her pussy lips opened like a flower. I could not comprehend that a so big cock could enter her tight wife to be's pussy without ripping her in two. Eim groaned and wrapped her small legs around his muscular waist as their mouths met as in a long French kiss while he slowly fucked on the bed, thrusting the full length of his thick long cock between her open and welcoming red vaginal lips. He pulled her knees up to his shoulder, and started fucking her hard and quickly. She groaned and clung onto him as he laboured at her like a wild horny bull. My cock stood up proud and erect as I watched. She was fucking a huge black cock without protection. I was thinking that if he came inside her she might get pregnant with all that sperm.  She started moaning loudly telling him to fuck her harder. His huge balls were slapping against her pussy and it wasn't long before he shot a huge load inside her. I could not see anything but I knew that his load was deep inside her belly.

Aroused beyond belief, she turned him over in pure sexual frenzy and climbed astride of him. His unprotected penis glistened with her juices. Slowly and firmly she rubbed her clit and pussy against his spent cock until she had managed to resuscitate the cock and return it to a state of sexual arousal. I had never seen her looking as hot as I did that night. She was rubbing his hardening cock up against her crack. I could see her nipples getting hard. She was getting wetter and horny and I knew she was going to give him a good fucking.
Before I knew it she dropped down onto that huge cock and shoved his dick deep into her pussy with a loud moan. Eim gave a warm groan as her well lubricated pussy took in this huge cock for a second time. He held her hips as his cock hammered in and out of her. She moaned softly as she ground her hips against his crotch. I knew my sweet little Thai fiance gets her hardest orgasms riding a cock up and down and rolling her hips.
She started to gather speed sliding her pussy up and down on Nat's dick. She rolled her hips as she filled her brown pussy with his American cock. I watched in the dark as she violated her pussy all over the guy's cock. She was giving him the fucking of her life. She grabbed my face and squeezed it hard as I watched her take the man into her little Thai pussy with every thrust. He was plunging deeper and deeper into her tight, wet pussy each time she travelled up and down his pole. 
I watched as he pumped his cock upwards in my thrusting beautiful wife harder and harder. Her vaginal muscles and her sexy body clamped and tighten repeatedly around his hard and powerful manhood. Suddenly I felt her reach out and feel my crotch and grab my hard erection. She began rubbing my cock as she rode her lover hard. Her eyes were shut and her mouth open as her breathing became heavier as she rode faster and faster, grinding her hips on his cock.
Without warning he moaned and his strong seed pumped into her stretched thin pink and brown unprotected cunt. 
'Fill me up! Cum inside me and fill your little whore with your wonderful cum."  As she spoke she tilted her pelvis up into him.
She closed her eyes groaned bit her lips and shook. Her moaning increased as she climaxed with more intensity than I have ever seen from her before as he pumped out his cum inside her pussy. I have to admit that I loved seeing that black man's cum pouring out of my Asian bride's stretched cunt. I came too watching my sexy young hot future wife enjoy herself and lose all dignity and control.
As she climbed off her she said:
"Come here and lick it all clean, daddy. I want you to use that mouth of yours on my pussy."
She told me to feel her pussy as a huge glob of his semen had just run out of her. 
I cuddled her and asked if she had enjoyed herself. She replied that she had enjoyed it very much. She kissed me on the mouth so that I could taste the cum then taking my head in her hand and directing it between her legs she made me lick it all up after them. She instinctively knew I loved the humiliation of eating her lovers cum from her freshly fucked Thai pussy. She held my head down on her pussy while I licked her until she came in another quick climax. I wanted a second round but she told me that I had had enough. I stood up and wiped myself clean.
Nat stayed overnight and fucked her twice during the night. In the morning Eim put on her usual thick sexy make up which I felt was totally inappropriate and too slutty for a wedding day. She looked so stunning in her wedding dress. We kissed passionately. After she had put on her white wedding gown without asking for my opinion or permission she told me to leave and go ahead to the church and that she would join later. She informed me that she was not done fucking Nat and that she wanted to feel his cock in her wedding gown....
I swallowed hard and said okay. I was so horny my cock nearly burst out of my pants. Nat smirked, lifted the hem long white wedding skirt up and parted her lace white panties. Extracting his large long black cock he held apart her panties and inserted it into her wet pussy. Nat fucked her silly unprotected while I waited patiently in the other room.
When Eim reappeared she had a mischievous slutty look on her face. Lifting up the hem of her wedding dress I could see thick white sperm marks on her panties. Nat had shot a massive load of cum into her pussy. Even though she had tried to wipe it away there was still a lot left inside her, she admitted.
"Look," she said pointing to her wet panties. "It's still inside me."
I went to pull down her panties but she stopped me saying that she wanted to keep all their love juices deep inside her and that I should leave the panties on her. This gave me huge turn on. My lovely wife walked down the aisle with another man's cum between her legs. Her ovaries were filled with the salty spunk from Nat's cock. 
As her vagina was not protected from getting pregnant I found out a few days later that she had been knocked up by her black stud. I had become slavishly addicted to my little Asian hot wife so I did not object. Even though I did not get to fuck my young wife Eim much anymore she allowed me to stroke her legs or suck the cum from her pussy occasionally as she had taken to going bareback whenever she took a liking for bull who wanted to use her for a `girlfriend' experience . 

