Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 27: The Story of Alex Ferguson

Alex watched Mr. Thompson walk out of the lobby and she was all alone. She needed to send one more email and she was done now that the board meeting was over. They all looked very happy when they left, and no one even stopped to flirt with her. She was pretty sure Madison had something to do with that. She smiled when she thought of those cute ponytails and the cum in her shoes. She was constantly surprising her.

She closed her laptop and stored it in her desk. She locked everything up and turned off the lights. The walk to the parking garage allowed her mind to wander. She felt the moisture between her legs, leftover from the Fuller brothers. They were a unique couple of dudes. They took her panties as well; they gathered a nice amount of clothing today. She unlocked her car and slid in, careful to get her dress under her, cum was incredibly hard to get out of her cloth seats.

She drove and thought of her life, she loved her boyfriend, and he was very understanding about her situation. The large paycheck helped a lot in that respect. She had been dating him for about 6 months and she moved in with him last month. She was a little excited about the possibilities, she was 24 and needed to start thinking about the future. Hanging around Madison got her body clock to start ticking. She could see herself as a mother, she would be better than the one she had for sure. Shit, as long as she just stayed around, she would accomplish that, the bar was incredibly low.

She got sad when her mind went to her childhood. It started good, she had two older brothers and they were very sweet. They were a lot older than her, 36 and 34, and they both lived far away. She missed them dearly. She wiped a small tear, she always got emotional when she thought about her brothers. She wished she could spend more time with them, but their relationship was strained since the incident. Funny that it still lingered after so many years. She could feel her anxiety rising and she reached for her meds. It was close enough to the time, she dry-swallowed the small pill.

She pulled into the apartment complex and found a good spot. She grabbed her purse and headed up to the second floor. She walked in and he was sitting at the table, reading the paper. She kicked off her heels and walked up and stood next to him, putting her arm around his shoulders. His shoulders were strong from his construction work. He was not a big man but solid for his size. She kissed the top of his head.

“Hey baby, how was your day?” She said and he grunted.

“Kinda sucked, job ended and there is really nothing else available at the moment.” He said and looked up at her.

“That’s ok, we will be alright for a while. You will find something else.” She said and squeezed his shoulder.

“You look a little rough, what happened at work today?” He said, looking at her hair and her wrinkled dress.

“It was a long day, we had a tough couple of clients and then a board meeting, sorry I am late.” She said.

“Ok.” He said and she sensed some frustration.

“What is it baby?” She said and leaned down to look at him.

“I know we talked about it; I am just having trouble today coming to terms with it. The guys start talking at work and I try to block them out, but I am afraid some of the things they talk about you are doing.” He said and she frowned.

“Honey, you know it is just a job, and it pays very well. I am yours and yours alone, everything else is irrelevant.” She said.

“So, it is ok because it pays well, you know what that is, right?” He said and looked up at her.

She stepped back a little and looked at him, her breathing was getting faster, and she felt her body start to heat up. She felt him reach between her legs, he ran his hand up her thigh and touched her pussy. She flinched when he touched her, she felt the moisture and she knew he did as well.

“Why are you not wearing panties?” He said and she opened her mouth to answer but closed it when she could not think of anything good to say.

“Gross, there is shit leaking out of you and running down your legs. How many dudes did you fuck today?” He said and pulled out his hand. She could see the anger forming on his face. It brought back memories and the old tapes started playing in her head.

Alex struggled to form words as her father’s voice rang in her ears. “Useless! Worthless!” She saw her boyfriend stand up and he was now looking down at her as she was frozen in place. She lowered her head and closed her eyes to try and block out the old tapes.

“We saw a girl walking into an office this morning and the guys joked that she would probably be bent over her boss’s desk sometime during the day. Does he do that? Does he do you in his office, bent over his desk?” He said and she looked up at him, unable to speak. She could see the anger rising in his eyes. She saw that look many times when she was young.

“I am assuming from your silence that it is true. How many guys did you fuck today?” He said again, his voice raising. She tried to answer but the words would not leave her mouth. Her father’s voice ripped through her head. “Slut! Bitch!”

“I asked you a fucking question, are you still doing the math?” He said and she felt his hand hit her on the side of her face.

He was strong, she fell and landed against the back of the recliner. She looked up at him and he was so angry he was shaking. She saw her father looking down at her, his eyes glazed over with the alcohol. His drinking hit new levels when her mom left, she was 12 at the time, her brothers all out of college and starting their careers. Her dad did not handle the situation well and she was often the focus of his anger. Her boyfriend knelt and she drew away from him instinctively. He pulled back and raised his arm again.

“So now you are too good for me, you fuck everyone at the office, but I can’t touch you.” He said and stood.

She looked over and saw her purse open, the contents spilt. She saw her phone and then she heard the new tapes start. “You are better than him. You are strong. Leave now.” She grabbed her phone and looked up at him.

“I am sorry, but I get so angry when I think about it.” He said and she started to get to her feet.

She started to move away from him and work herself to the door. He did not move. She continued to move slowly, and he did not stop her.

“If you leave, don’t bother coming back.” He said, his voice low and laced with anger.

She reached the door and opened it. She slid out and started walking down the hall. She reached the stairs and heard the door slam behind her. “Get away. Get safe.” Her new tapes tried to overwhelm her father’s voice, but she could still hear him in the background as she walked slowly down the stairs. “Stupid little bitch, not worth the food you eat.” She felt her tears start to run down her face as she got to the parking lot. She started walking fast and was two blocks away before she looked up.

She was on a street corner and there was a bus stop nearby. She walked over to it and sat down. Her hands were trembling, but she pulled out her phone. “Dumb slut!” She reached up and touched her cheek and she felt her father’s hand again. She took a deep breath and dialed the number.

“Hello”

“Aaron, I need help.” Alex said and felt her voice crack.

“Alex, where are you?” Aaron said and she looked up at the street sign.

“Corner of Smith and Main, bus stop.” She said as she started to cry.

“Alex, are you safe?” Aaron said as he ran to his car.

“I think so, please hurry.” She said through her sobs.

“Stay on the phone with me.” Aaron said and pulled out onto the street.

“Ok.” She said and tried to get a hold of herself. She hated it when she fell apart, this hadn’t happened in so long. She thought they were so happy; he was so sweet. She felt her sobs return.

“Alex, talk to me. Tell me about your lunch yesterday.” He said, trying to get her to focus on something else other than what happened to cause this. He really did not want her to start talking about that until he got there.

“Oh, Aaron.” She said and her sobs overtook her body, she held the phone to the side of her face.

“Hang on baby. I will be there in a couple of minutes.” He said and floored his car.

Alex held onto the phone and listened to him talk to her as he drove. She could tell he was driving fast; she heard the tires squealing through the phone. She was starting to calm down a little, but her father’s voice ripped through her ears again. “Get the fuck outside and get your chores done or I will beat your ass again.” She started rocking as she held the phone.

Aaron pulled up and slammed on the brakes. He saw her sitting on the bench, still in her work clothes. She was rocking back and forth. He ran over and wrapped his arms around her. She put her head on his shoulder and cried. He stood her up and hugged her.

“You are ok now, you are safe.” He said and rubbed the back of her head.

“Thank you.” He heard her whisper and he squeezed her.

“Take your time, baby. Take deep breaths.” He said and he felt her start to relax.

He held her and eventually he pulled back a little and raised her head to look at him. Her eyes were swollen and red and her cheeks were covered in tears. He looked at her left cheek and he saw red and what looked like a handprint. He felt his anger rise.

“What happened sweetheart.” He said and pushed some hair off her face.

“I don’t know, he was so angry. I have never seen him like that, but he lost his job, and I was so late.” She said and started to cry again.

“Did he hit you?” Aaron said in a whisper. She nodded and he hugged her again.

He walked her over to the car and put her in the front seat. He went around and got in. He looked at her and she was a mess. Her dress was wrinkled, her hair was wild, and she was barefoot. He touched her cheek and she flinched.

“Does it hurt; are you ok?” He said.

“I am fine, it doesn’t hurt.” She said.

“Ok, I will take you to my apartment, you can stay there. Do you need anything?” He said and she looked at him.

“I need my medicine and I need my purse; it has my license and my wallet.” She said.

“Then let’s go get it.” He said and put the car in gear. He felt her hand on his arm.

“Aaron, don’t hurt him.” She said softly. He looked over at her.

“I will promise he will not end up in the hospital tonight.” He said, looking straight at her.

“Ok.” She said and wrapped her arms around herself.

He tried to calm down as he drove. He had met the douchebag once and he kind of liked him. He was blue collar and seemed level-headed. He also seemed to really be into Alex, and she looked happy. He looked over at her. Now he just wanted to kill him. He pulled up in front of their apartment complex. He helped her out of the car, and they walked up the stairs. She opened the door and walked in, Aaron behind her. She could see his head as he sat in the recliner, watching TV.

“Back so soon, did you finish the math?” He said and laughed.

Aaron walked around the recliner and grabbed him by the front of his shirt. He saw his eyes get big as he pulled him up and slammed him against the wall, moving his hand to his neck. His legs were dangling as he tried to get Aaron’s hand off his neck.

“Alex, get what you need for tonight, we will come back tomorrow for the rest.” Aaron said as he looked at the piece of shit hanging on the wall. She walked back into the bedroom.

“Aaron, please, I am sorry.” He said, his voice soft as his neck was being squeezed.

“Did you hit her?” Aaron said through clinched teeth.

“I am sorry, I was just so angry.” He said.

“Too bad, you are done in my eyes. We will be back tomorrow for the rest of her stuff. I suggest you not be here.” Aaron said and he nodded.

“Also, if I ever hear that you touched her again, I will come here and punch your face until I see the inside off your skull, do you understand?” Aaron said.

Alex walked back into the room carrying a small suitcase. She walked over and picked up her purse, stuffing things back in it. She stood up and looked at her boyfriend dangling under Aaron’s hand. He didn’t seem so attractive to her suddenly. She walked past them and out the door.

Aaron looked at the piece of shit and then buried his right hand into his stomach. He heard the air rush out of his body, and he dropped him. He crumbled on the ground, holding his stomach. Aaron resisted the temptation to kick him a few times in respect for Alex’s wishes.

“We will be here around noon for her things. Be somewhere else.” Aaron said and stepped over him.

He walked out and saw Alex standing by the railing waiting for him. She looked like a refugee holding her suitcase. He marveled at how different she looked from the professional girl he saw at the office. He should have kicked the little fucker. He took her hand and helped her down the stairs.

They rode in silence, his right hand holding hers as she held it on her lap. She was not crying anymore but her face was starting to swell slightly. She was looking straight ahead and looked to be in a trance. He felt so bad for her, she was always so strong and confident at work. There was more to Alex than he thought. They arrived at his apartment, and he helped her inside.

He led her into the second bedroom and put her suitcase on the bed. She sat and he knelt in front of her. Her eyes were still swollen and red.

“Alex, you can stay here as long as you need. There are towels and everything you should need in the bathroom. Do you need anything else?” Aaron said.

“No, I am good. Thank you for coming to get me. I am sorry.” She said.

“Baby do not apologize. I will always come and get you.” He said and she smiled.

“Thank you, I think I want to take a shower.” She said.

“Ok. I will be in the kitchen, I was making some chicken tonight, there will be plenty if you want some.” Aaron said.

“Thank you.” She said.

He leaned over and kissed her on the forehead. He walked out and closed the door.

Aaron tried to slow his breathing; the cooking helped. He relaxed as he worked but his mind kept coming back to seeing her standing there holding her little suitcase like she was running from something. His heart hurt for her, but he was happy she called, he could protect her now that she was here. He was pretty sure the little piece of shit would not bother her anymore. He looked up as she walked into the kitchen.

Alex saw the look in his eyes, he looked sad but relieved at the same time. She was sure she looked a little better now, she sure felt better after the shower. She was wearing a flannel nightgown and her hair was hanging wet around her face. She had forgotten to grab a brush. She walked up and hugged him. She felt his strong arms move around her and she felt very safe.

“I think I am a little hungry, it smells wonderful.” She said.

“Good, it will be ready in about 15 minutes.” He said and she looked up at him.

“You are my hero. I didn’t know who else to call.” She said.

“It is my honor my lady.” He said and she laughed softly.

“What can I do to help?” She said.

“Can you make a salad?” He said.

“Yep, I am on it.” She said and opened the refrigerator.

They sat down and it was nice to have someone to eat with. He had poured water for them both. He lifted his glass to her.

“To the emancipation of Alex Ferguson.” He said and she smiled.

“Thank you again, I am not sure what I would have done if you didn’t answer the phone.” She said.

“You are welcome, do you want to talk about it?” He said.

“After dinner.” She said.

“Deal.” He said.

They ate and laughed, and he loved the sound of feminine laughter in his apartment. It had been too long. They finished and cleaned off the table. He washed and she dried and soon the kitchen was good as new, and their bellies were full. She took his hand and led him to the couch. She sat with her legs crossed and looked at him.

“So, what do you want to know?” She said.

“Only what you are comfortable in sharing.” He said.

“I am comfortable with anything, after years of therapy I can tell the whole story. It is actually kind of freeing.” She said.

“Then tell me the story of Alex Ferguson.” He said and she grabbed a pillow. She put in on her lap and wrapped her arms around it.

“Ok, not sure I have ever told you I have two brothers. They are 36 and 34 and they live on the west coast.” She said.

“Wow, a lot older.” He said.

“Yeah, I think I was definitely a surprise. My brothers were very fun when I was little, and they took very good care of me. I missed them terribly when they went to college, but they came home often enough so we stayed very close. By the time I was 11 they were both graduated and had jobs. They moved away and our relationship became occasional phone calls and maybe twice a year visits. I was now the sole focus of my parents.” She said.

“You sure you are ok with telling this?” Aaron said and she reached out and held his hand.

“Yes, my therapist said it is healthy to share this with my special people. So, it turns out that my parents really didn’t know how to raise a girl. To my mother I was someone that could take care of her housekeeping chores. To my father I was a mystery. He had no idea how to talk to me or to help with any issues I had in school or with boys. I was a little lonely, but I had good friends and it was ok for a while. When I turned 13 my mom started disappearing every so often. We didn’t know where she was or anything. About 6 months later my dad caught her with another man and threw her out. She did not even hesitate, she left, and I haven’t seen her since.” She said and she saw his face get sad.

“Alex, I am so sorry.” Aaron said.

“Don’t be, this was the happy part of the story. About 6 months later my father lost his job and he started drinking. I am not sure if the drinking caused the job loss, I just know I never noticed it until he started spending more time at home. He would go on unemployment for a little while and then work for a little while, it was a vicious cycle. I was the one doing all the cooking and cleaning since my mom left and now, he was either drunk or angry most of the time. As you probably figured out, he started hitting me when he was unhappy. At first it was spanking but it progressed to slapping and punching.” She said and took a deep breath.

“You don’t have to go on if you don’t want to.” Aaron said, squeezing her hand. He noticed her hands were shaking slightly.

“Almost done. This went on for the next year or so until I started puberty and then the shit hit the fan. He could not handle the fact that I was getting curves. He started hitting me a lot more and it became harder to hide the bruises. I was starting to hang out with boys more and more. I wanted the hugs, but they needed more than that, so I lost my virginity when I was 15 in the back seat of a car. I started getting a reputation and more boys started paying attention. I got caught in the dressing room with a boy, and they called my father.” Alex said and Aaron saw tears in her eyes.

“When he took me home, he beat the shit out of me. He stripped me and threw me outside in the backyard naked. I slept under the porch. The next morning, he pulled me out and drug me back inside. He made me do all the cleaning before he let me take a shower. I was starting to withdraw and get silent. He didn’t like that, and he hit me some more. I was too sore to go to school for the next two days and he kept drinking. He said some horrible things and hit me a lot. He didn’t let me put on clothes, he said if I wanted to be naked with a boy, I could be naked at home.” Alex said and she was now rocking and holding the pillow.

Aaron moved closer and hugged her. She was not crying but she was shaking, and he was worried. She pulled back and looked at him.

“Do you want to hear the rest?” She said.

“Do you want to tell it?” He said.

“Yes, it gets easier every time.” She said.

“Ok.” He said.

“So, finally three days later I went back to school. Now I realize that my mysterious two-day absence created some suspicions and the nurse called me into her office. She found the bruises and she called the police and CPS. The police made me tell them everything, so my father ended up being charged with assault and statutory rape. He is still in jail. My brothers have only spoken to me a couple of times since then, that really surprised me that they took his side and said I exaggerated. I am still sad about that, but I cannot control them. I have been in therapy ever since. I have been good for a long time but tonight when he got mad and hit me, I froze, and all those old memories came flying back. I am sorry I was such a mess.” She said.

“You are an incredibly strong girl.” Aaron said and she smiled.

“Thank you, you are really strong too. I have to say it was funny to see him dangling on the wall.” She said and he chuckled.

“How do you do it, stay normal and adjusted with all of that?” Aaron said.

“I have a great therapist; I have good medication, so my anxiety stays under control. I also have a great job and a great boss. Mr. Thompson knows everything, he found me after I graduated high school. I applied for a job in the admin pool. My references were my foster parents and my therapist. He figured out I needed the job and he hired me. Two years later he promoted me to be his secretary.” She said.

“Wow, you are amazing. I am in awe.” He said and she smiled.

“Thank you, you know something. I think I changed my mind.” She said.

“About what?” He said.

“That question you asked me the other day. I have already had dinner with you, but I figure you had something a little more formal in mind. I would love to go to dinner with you.” She said and moved closer to him.

“That would also be my honor.” He said and wrapped his arms around her.

“I think I need to call Mr. Thompson; I am not sure I can go in tomorrow; I don’t think I can work in these.” She said.

“I don’t know, I think you look fine. Pajamas are quite the rage.” He said and she laughed.

“Thank you, I guess you want to come with me to get my stuff tomorrow?” She said.

“Um, yeah, I am not letting you anywhere near that place without me.” He said.

“He is not a horrible guy; he made a mistake and I think he is probably already regretting what he did and not because you punched him. I have seen evil, and he is not that. However, you can relax, I can’t be with him now. I can’t stop those old tapes when they start, and I think every time I look at him, they will start again.” She said.

“He is lucky you are such a kind person.” He said.

“Yeah, I figured.” She said.

“I have to get to bed, Mr. Thompson needs me to pick someone up from the airport at 7:00.” Aaron said.

“Yeah, I am a little tired, crying really wears you out.” She said.

They walked into the second bedroom, and she sat on the bed. He hugged her again.

“Do you need anything else?” He said.

“No, thank you, I think I am good.” She said.

“Ok, you sleep in tomorrow, I will let Brad know what happened. I will be back around 10, we will get some breakfast and then go get the rest of your stuff.” He said.

“You are too good to me; you don’t have to go to that much trouble.” She said.

“Trouble? Please, you are a godsend, this place lights up with you here.” He said.

She stood up and kissed him. He loved the taste of her lips and the feel of her body as he put his arms around her. He was so happy that she was here, he would have picked a different journey, but she was here and that was all that mattered. He broke the kiss and hugged her. He walked out and into his bedroom.

He pulled off his clothes and slipped into bed, he could feel his body shutting down. Madison and her practicing got him all hot and bothered and then this adventure with Alex wiped him out. He was asleep almost as soon as his head hit the pillow.

He dreamed of Madison and Alex; at one point he was looking at both in his bed. He thought this might be one of his favorite dreams. He opened one eye and saw a shadow in his doorway. He saw it move forward and then he saw Alex. He lifted the sheet and she slid in next to him. He felt her skin and the nightgown was gone. She snuggled up with her back to him, she grabbed his left arm and pulled it around her body. He fell asleep again with a soft breast in his hand.


