Coerced
By Kathy B.
kathybxx@hotmail.com


Part 4

This time when I woke up I knew I hadn't been dreaming. I was lying 
facedown in the yard, naked and alone, my ass, pussy and thighs 
sticky with cum. I realized, too late, that Friday night was no dream 
either, but a sad reality. I looked around but there was nothing to 
cover up with. After looking around to make sure nobody could see me, 
I dashed quickly for the house.

I stepped inside and slammed the door behind me, then ran to the 
guest room. I spent the rest of the weekend in my room, emerging only 
when I was sure nobody was home. I avoided talking to Tracy and Lisa, 
pretending to be asleep when they knocked on the door. As soon as 
Sheila got home, I pretended I didn't feel well and rushed home.

I couldn't believe what I'd done. After living as a model citizen for 
40 years, trying hard to be a good wife and mother, I'd thrown it all 
away in a day and a half of lust and depravity. What would I do if my 
husband and children found out? What would I do if my boss ever found 
out? I'd been a secretary at the insurance agency for 22 years. I 
knew I was a good secretary but their business was dependent on the 
people of the community; I'd be dismissed in a heartbeat if I was 
found out. I was determined not to let that happen. I'd just avoid 
everyone involved and let the whole thing die down.

Everything seemed fine for several months. I finally felt like I was 
back to normal. We'd even seen Sheila and Greg socially a few times 
and I thought the kids must have kept it to themselves. I was sure I 
was probably the subject of a few gross stories in their dorms but 
there wasn't much I could do about that. In fact, I'd pretty much 
pushed it out of my mind so I really didn't get alarmed when I came 
home from work one day and saw Sheila, Lisa and my husband sitting in 
the living room.

I started to panic when I saw the anger in Mark's eyes. "Charlene, 
Sheila says you seduced several of her daughters' friends a few 
months ago. I told her to get the hell out of my house but she wanted 
to hear it from you."

I tried to cover the fear in my eyes. "Mark, you know I'd never do 
anything like that. I can't believe she'd say such a thing."

Lisa spoke up. "You slept with my boyfriend and then tried to have 
sex with Tracy and me too."

"That's a lie!" I screamed. "Don't you dare say such a thing!"

Mark turned to Sheila. "Sheila, I don't know what's come over you or 
that daughter of yours, but if you're not out of my house in one 
minute, I'm calling the police."

Through all that, Sheila sat calmly on the end of the couch. "Mark, 
when my daughter comes to me and tells me she was molested, I have no 
reason... "

"That's it!" Mark interrupted. "I'm pressing charges." He picked up 
the phone and started dialing.

Sheila continued as if he hadn't spoken. "... no reason not to 
believe her, especially when she shows me proof." She threw something 
into Mark's lap. He took one look and hung up the phone.

As soon as I saw what he was looking at, I ran into the bathroom and 
threw up. It was a picture of me, in a car. My dress was pulled down 
so you could see my breasts. My hairy pussy framed the base of one 
cock and I was sucking on another. From the look on my face, it was 
obvious that I was loving every minute of it. The two boys whose 
cocks I was draining were grinning at the camera.

I stayed in the bathroom as long as I could. When i finally came out, 
Mark was pale and Sheila looked smug. I sat down on the arm of his 
chair and tried to take his hand but he wouldn't let me. Sheila spoke 
first.

"Charlene, I think you've done a horrible thing but I don't want you 
to go to prison. Your children are too young and I think they still 
need a mother, even a lousy one like you. However, I think you need 
to be punished for what you did. I have suggested, and Mark has 
agreed, that the best punishment will be for you to come to work for 
me for two years. I've always wanted a maid and you will do it. If 
you do it without complaint, I won't press charges against you for 
molesting my kids."

I looked at Mark. "I think it's fair," he said. It will mean quitting 
your job but you can find another one. You will stay at Sheila and 
Greg's during the week and you can come home from Saturday until 
Monday. That will give you a chance to see the kids. Sheila, I'm 
sorry I didn't believe you." He hesitated. "I think I need some time 
to figure things out, too."

I burst into tears. "I'm sorry, honey. I don't know why it happened. 
I love you."

Sheila stood up. "Come on, Charlene. You can get started tonight."

I followed, still crying. I wasn't even going to be able to say good-
bye! Mark turned his back on me and walked away. We got outside and I 
started to get into Sheila's car, but she stopped me.

"My employees don't ride in my car and I don't want your car clogging 
my driveway. You can walk."

"Walk? You can't be serious," I protested. "It's all the way across 
town! Sheila, be reasonable."

Before I even knew what was happening, Sheila slapped me hard across 
the face. " Let's get this clear. I'm disgusted with you for what you 
did. I agreed to let you work for me so you didn't have to go to jail 
but I intend to see to it you are punished for your crimes. Don't you 
EVER question one of my instructions again. I said you will walk so 
you better walk, either to my house or to the police. Which will it 
be?"

Tears were streaming down my face as I answered, "I'll walk to your 
house."

"I think you mean, 'Please may I walk to your house,'don't you?"

I sniffed, "Please may I walk to your house, Sheila?"

Sheila smiled. "Yes, Charlene, you may. But from now on you will 
address me properly. You will always call me 'ma'am' or Mrs. Winters 
but never 'Sheila.' You will call everyone in my house 'sir' or 
'ma'am' and if they are in my house they are my guests, so you must 
consider a request from them a request from me. Do you understand?"

I was embarrassed. We were standing in my driveway and Sheila was not 
trying to be quiet. I nodded quickly, hoping this would all be over.

"Good girl. Stop crying, too. I'm sick of your blubbering. You got 
into this mess, now you must live with it. I expect you at the house 
in half an hour. I want supper ready when Greg gets home." Sheila got 
in the car and drove off, with Lisa snickering beside her.

I walked as fast as I could and made it to Sheila's house just before 
the deadline. I walked up to the front door but found it locked. I 
rang the doorbell and waited. When Sheila came to the door she looked 
angry.

"Servants don't use the front door. Come in through the garage." She 
slammed the door in my face.

On the way over I made up my mind not to get mad so I went around to 
the garage and tried the side door. it too was locked. This time 
Sheila was smiling when she answered.

"That's much better. However, you will have to wear a uniform. Take 
off all your clothes and put them into this box." She handed me a 
cardboard box.

Without arguing, I stripped off my dress and slip and stood there in 
my bra and panties, praying Greg wouldn't come home and open the 
garage door. When Sheila just looked at me, I realized she wanted my 
underwear to go into the box as well. Finally, I stood shivering in 
the garage, naked and waiting for my ordeal to end.

Sheila took the box into the house, then returned with another. "I 
believe this is yours." The box contained the outfit I'd worn at the 
party, complete with a new pair of stockings and heels. Before I 
could say anything she closed the door in my face. As small as the 
outfit was, it was preferable to being naked so I quickly dressed and 
went into the kitchen.

Sheila laughed at me in my uniform. I flushed but started fixing some 
dinner. She sat at the kitchen table, drinking coffee and directing 
me. When I bent over to get a casserole dish, she hooted and I knew 
she'd seen my bare pussy. After I got the casserole into the oven, 
she spoke.

"I don't want that hairy thing uncovered in my kitchen. While dinner 
is cooking, I want you to go shave all the hair off it." I opened my 
mouth to protest but she must have anticipated it. "If you complain, 
I will take you for a haircut tomorrow morning."

I went into the bathroom and shaved. I'd never done it before and it 
took me quite a while but I eventually got it pretty smooth. After 
cleaning up, I returned to the kitchen.

"Bend over the table," Sheila ordered. "I want to make sure you did a 
good job." I flushed but bent over, then moved my feet apart when she 
told me to.

"I can't figure out why those boys wanted to fuck you anyway, 
Charlene. Your pussy is huge; mine is much tighter." Sheila ridiculed 
me.

"I agree, honey. Your pussy is much tighter," I heard a male voice, 
Greg, behind me. I started to jump up but Sheila told me to stay bent 
over. I felt a thick finger part my swollen lips and slide easily 
into my cunt. "Is this our new maid? Why is her pussy so wet?"

"She's a slut, that's why," Sheila replied. "Look how loose it is 
from all the fucking she does."

Greg pulled his finger from my cunt and laughed. "Well, you know how 
it is with the help, honey. All they think about is food and fucking. 
Where's dinner?"

"It would be ready if Charlene would get going," Sheila grabbed Greg 
by the arm and led him from the kitchen. I was flushed and panting 
from embarrassment. I didn't know how I was going to face these two, 
day after day.

Dinner went well. I served them, then ate my own meal, in the 
kitchen. Sheila told me I could only sit at the kitchen table or in 
my room, anywhere else I must either stand or sit on the floor. I was 
so tired and humiliated that I didn't argue.

About eight PM I was called into the living room. Lisa was home again 
and she and her parents were sitting around the room.

"Charlene, we're bored. Why don't you entertain us?" Sheila asked.

"Yes, ma'am," I replied. "What would you like?"

"Lisa tells us you masturbated to entertain she and her friends. Why 
don't you do that?" Sheila smirked.

I opened my mouth to cry out but realized I had no choice. How could 
I willing masturbate for a group of teens, then refuse adults? So I 
turned around and got down on all fours.

It took me a while to get myself aroused. It didn't help that the 
three of them chatted and laughed while I knelt there, rubbing my bud 
and driving two fingers in and out of my pussy. Finally, it started 
to heat up and I eventually managed a small orgasm.

Sheila gave me permission to stand up. "Not bad, but tomorrow bring a 
dildo in with you. The only way to keep you happy is to stuff 
something in that fat pussy of yours. You started out poorly but you 
were pretty good tonight, you may sleep in the basement. Don't get 
used to it, though. If you disobey me, you will find yourself 
sleeping in the garage."

I hurried down cellar and made a bed over near the furnace. Since I 
had no other clothes with me, I had to sleep naked. For the first 
time since I was a little girl, I cried myself to sleep.
