I like many other people in this day and age had been out of work for far too long.  When I interviewed at Gynocen Inc. I was initially turned down but after practically begging, the interviewer reconsidered and offered me a job, saying I would be a token male.  Gynocen was a think tank dedicated to women's studies to further the empowerment of females.  I was informed they had few men employed and therefore I might give more incite from a male's point of view. 

One of terms of my employment was that I was to go through a barrage of psychological tests to determine my views on women's rights.  Of course, I agreed and after taking the tests, I was offered a position upon the condition of passing a company psychical.  They informed me that the exam was intrusive and was an extension of my psychological tests but if I could pass it, I had a job.  I told them I didn't care what they did to me I needed the job and would happy to undergo any exam. 

 I went to their clinic and introduced myself to a Doctor Blair.  She was a stunning woman, full figured and attractive.  I was shown into an examining room and I noticed there was no doors just an open doorway.  The doctor told me to get undressed completely; I looked at in amazement,
"But doctor there is no privacy here..."
"Yes I know you see but most if not all our patients are women here so there is usually no need for that, well you'll just have to make do.  Now get undressed and let's get this over with."
I took my clothes off in front of her as she watched me.  The farther I disrobed the redder my face got until I stood before her in nothing but my briefs.
"Take them off boy; you've got nothing I haven't seen before."
I've never been to confident on the size of my penis but standing naked before this imposing woman in a cold room made me shrink even further in size.  I looked at her and I could swear she was suppressing a giggle.  After she composed herself she told me to get on the table so she could began the exam.  I saw the table was the kind used for a gynecological exam, with stirrups for each foot.  Once I was in position, the end of the table was dropped down and now my ass was in the air supported only by my feet in the stirrups. 
"Now just relax Mr. Chambers, don't feel embarrassed, women have to be examined in this position all of the time.  So are you able to achieve an erection?"
I started to protest but thought better of it and told her yes.
"And how much semen do your orgasms produce, well never mind we'll just measure for ourselves.  I'll call in my nurse to assist us, Julie can you come in here."

The nurse answered her intercom call and was soon walking into the room.  She looked to be nineteen at the most and instead of a nurses uniform she was wearing low cut jeans, I think they call them skinny jeans with a tee shirt that exposed her mid drift.  She couldn't have been wearing a bra because I could see her nipples poking through her shirt.  Her hair was made up in a ponytail and to top it off she was chewing gum, loudly popping it.  She kissed the doctor on the cheek and then turned, looked at me and giggled.
"You'll have to excuse my nurse she is still in training and not use to seeing naked men."
"Oh I've seen plenty of naked men but none with a pee-pee that small."
"Julie, now I've told you about using proper medical terms."
"Oh sure doc but gee how can you call..."
"Now stop that and let's get on with this. I know he is small but he claims he can become erect."
"Do you want me to play with him to see if it works?"
She reached over and took me in two of her fingers, gently massaging me until I was erect.
"He isn't very hard it is more like a firm-on not a hard-on"
Once again, she giggled while they talked as if I wasn't in the room.  Just as I thought nothing could be more humiliating, I was instructed to hold my penis while they examined my testicles.  Then I was told to masturbate right there in front of both of them.  I protested and told them I couldn't do it.
"What if I showed you my widdle titty, would that help?"
Then the nurse pulled up her top just enough to expose her breasts.  She took the doctors hand and placed it on her breast,
"Do you wanna watch the doc give me a little exam?"
The doctor began to roll her nipple around between her fingers and just like that, I was squirting cum into a beaker they had placed under me.  The nurse leaned over and kissed the doctor on the lips, then pulled her shirt back down.
"Gee Sherry there's not even enough to measure.  Mister do you play with yourself a lot?"
I told them no but I don't think they believed me.

The doctor told me she had a new virtual reality device that she wanted to use on me.  She placed a pair of odd looking goggles over my eyes, and then told me to relax and to follow her instructions.
"This should be easy, now have you seen those pictures that have a picture hidden inside them?  The devise will put a picture to view called a stereogram and you will need to unfocus your eyes until the hidden picture pops into place.  I want you to take a firm grip on your penis as you view them"
I knew about these types of pictures and told the doctor I was good at spotting the hidden picture.  

I stared at the picture until it came into view and the described it to her as asked.  It was of a naked man, big, very virile looking; I had to admit he was handsome as well.  His penis was erect in front of him and quite large.  The next picture his hands were bound behind his back and he was on his knees before a woman sitting on a throne.  His legs were splayed apart and his erection was lying on the floor.  The next picture was of the queen or maybe it was a goddess, as I looked at her I realized she looked just like the doctor.  She was wearing a long luxurious fur robe that flowed to the floor.  In the next picture the goddess pulled apart her robe to expose her naked body, I looked at her large breasts and erect nipples but when I looked to her sex, I was shocked that instead of a vulva she had a penis.  I know I gasped but I went on to describe what I was seeing.
"You say she has a penis, describe it for me."
"Well it is short and very skinny less than a half inch in diameter but it is erect and standing straight out."
"Would you say your penis is bigger than hers?"
"No but mine is bigger in diameter."
"You must be very proud, someone smaller than yourself.  Now go on what is in the next frame?"
"The man has bent forward to kiss the goddess's penis"
The nurse butted in at that time,
"Wow buddy that must really turn you on, your little pee-pee has grown all firm and warm."
Now Mr. Chambers try to hold off on having an orgasm until the last frame, do you think you have that much self-control.  To tell the truth I wasn't sure if I could, I always fantasized about oral sex with a female partner, but this one had a penis and it was so nice and small not intrusive as a man's would be.  She put up the next frame and it showed that the goddess had withdrawn her member from the man and was now spewing her issue all over the man.  It was a torrent of cum covering his face and dripping down his chin.  He tried in vain to catch some in his mouth and I found myself trying to do the same thing.  Then I realized I was cumming as well.

They showed me where I had increased my output of sperm by almost double.  I then had to answer a series of questions on the pictured I had viewed.  She asked whom I related to most the man or the woman, I told them that the woman was closer to what I thought of myself that the man.  She asked me if the woman ejaculating on the man's face was erotic to me and I answered that it was.  She picked up the beaker I had climaxed in and put her finger in my sperm.

"Does my finger look to be about the same size as the woman's penis?"
I nodded my head, "If I put my finger coated in sperm to your lips would you suck it as the man did the goddess' penis."
She whipped her finger clean on my upper lip then gathering up some more she pushed her digit between my mouth, almost forcefully.  I took it and she began to use my mouth as a sexual organ, pushing back and forth rapidly.  She emptied the beaker this way feeding me all of it.


When she was done with me, I had that one question that I had to know the answer to,
"Goddess, I mean doctor, was that you in the pictures?"
"Yes it is, for you see the only way you will be allowed to work here is if you become transformed as I was.  Your testing shows all the qualities we look for in a male and I'm sure you will be much happier as a woman than you are now as the man you are."
I had never thought of it but she was right I was not much of a man at all.  It was if a great weight had been lifted off me and now I was eager for this change.  There was just one more question,
"Goddess will I ever be allowed to suckle your penis?"
"Oh don't you worry you will have plenty of penises to suck before we are through with you."  

   

   


