“How many times have you wanked off to that scenario?”

Snape opened one eye. “Including this time? Fifty-four.”

“My god, you count your orgasms? You really are a filthy old perv.”

“That number doesn’t include all of them, you twit. I do have other things I think about.”

“Oh yeah?” Harry asked with a grin.

“Yes. However, freezing my nuts off in a bathtub while a cumbersome oaf such as yourself squeezes the air from my lungs is not one of them.”

Harry stood up, water dripping off his upright dick and landing on Snape’s chest. “Right then. Onto the bedroom.”

Snape sighed and pulled himself out of the tub. “I take it you’re not sick of this charade yet?”

Harry grabbed his wand and performed a quick drying spell on both of them. “It’s not a charade. Everything that’s happened here has been real.”

“Potter. Did it ever occur to you to use your wand to dry me off in the first place? Perhaps – like a wizard?” Snape growled.

Harry looked at him with embarrassment. “I suppose you’re going to make fun of me if I say no? Although it did give me the opportunity to wipe you down manually,” he grinned. “Oi! Why didn’t you mention that before? Liked my hands all over you, did you?”

“Idiot,” Snape grumbled, “My teeth were chattering too hard to say much of anything if you recall.”

“Handy, that,” Harry leered suggestively as he prodded Snape into the bedroom.

“Potter, can you honestly tell me that I would let you indulge in such a manner if we weren’t stuck here, in the middle of who the hell knows, for who the devil knows how long, if not for the effect of an unknown potion?”

“You talk too much,” Harry said, pushing Snape onto the bed. He clambered over the frowning man until he sat squarely on his crotch. “So, I’m thinking maybe we should discuss one of my fantasies.”

“You have pleasured yourself while thinking of me?” Snape asked sardonically.

“Indeed. On numerous occasions,” Harry winked.

“I find that difficult to believe.”

“Whatever,” Harry said, leaning over to suck a tempting nipple into his mouth. “You taste delicious, Snape,” he murmured through his full mouth.

“And is this something you’ve thought about?” Snape writhed as Harry grazed one nipple with his teeth while he twisted the other ruthlessly.

“It’s a start,” Harry said, laying flat on his back next to Snape and resting his head on his crossed arms. He jiggled his hips, his erect cock waving a jaunty hello. “Okay, Snape. Fantasy number two. Suck me off.”

Muttering under his breath about insatiable brats and demanding prats, Snape maneuvered himself over Harry’s body. Harry slapped him roughly on the bum and positioned him until his lily-white arse was near Harry’s hand. “You may begin.”

Huffing in exasperation, Snape lowered his head until his lips just covered Harry’s glans. He gave a few gentle sucks, his stringy, damp hair blocking Harry’s view. Fingers clenching tightly on Snape’s fleshy bum, Harry whined and thrust up.

Snape started, then relaxed his jaw, sucking Harry’s cock into his mouth like it was a strand of spaghetti. Harry closed his eyes and reveled in the sensations – the slurpy sounds Snape made as he licked and chewed, the primordial pleasure he was feeling as he thrust into the warm mouth, the feeling of Snape’s warm arse under his hand. Harry slapped it again.

Snape gagged and rose up. “If you don’t want to lose a part of your anatomy you are no doubt very fond off, I suggest you stop hitting me.”

“I’m not hitting you, I’m spanking you,” Harry said, giving the juicy globe another smack.

“Perhaps I do not want to be spanked,” Snape growled.

“Do you want this then?” Harry asked, inserting a finger in his mouth, wetting it thoroughly before sticking it up Snape’s hole.

Snape’s arse clenched around the intrusion and his jaw dropped.

“Is that better?” Harry asked, moving the digit in and out of the damp passage.

“Marginally,” Snape lied, before lowering his head back onto Harry’s neglected cock.

“Oh fuck…oh, Snape,” Harry gasped as the Potions master’s fingers performed origami on his balls. Reaching over, he smacked him hard on the arse again and quickly thrust in two fingers, feeling around the walls.

Snape groaned as Harry successfully found his prostate and stroked it hurriedly, his throaty tremors producing a delightful resonance that traveled up and down Harry’s cock.

“Oh that’s it. That’s it, bitch. Take it. Take it like my bitch,” Harry grunted as he twisted his fingers in Snape’s hole and blew down his throat.

Harry blearily opened his eyes to see an unimpressed Snape kneeling beside him, arms crossed over his chest, hard cock pointing in his direction. “You know,” he said peevishly, “we’re going to have to do something about that foul mouth of yours, Sir.”

“Wouldn’t you rather do something about this?” Harry asked, wrapping his hand around Snape’s heavy cock and squeezing.

Snape inclined his head. “There is that.”