"Raul, splendid news!" Linus put down the phone, beaming. "My good friend Ravi is coming to visit tomorrow! He lives in San Francisco--we must go there some time--but he's on the East Coast for a couple of days filming, and he's going to stay for a night or two."

"That sounds nice." Raul found it difficult meeting new people, but wanted very much to meet friends of Linus. "Filming? He's an actor?"

"He's a very special kind of actor, he's a porn star!" Linus fairly gushed with excitement. "I must show you his movies."

In the three months since Raul had met Linus and moved in with him, they hadn't watched any porn together. They had been so busy exploring each other that the question of external stimuli hadn't come up. Raul had no objection to watching a little something together, getting mutually turned on and seeking release along with the action on the vid, oh yes mmm yeah.

But that wasn't quite what happened. Linus unlocked a cupboard to reveal a whole shelf of videos which had Ravioli among the acting credits, and they watched parts of each. The videos were each kept at the start of Ravi's scenes, and although there was little fast-forwarding and rewinding to be done, it did kind of break the mood when Linus kept leaping up to change the tape every five minutes. 

An hour later, Raul had seen Ravi as an outlaw of Sherwood Forest, a knight of the Round Table, a Roman slave, a Middle Earth elf, and a bare-chested window cleaner who got turned on by heights. Among others. 

"Isn't he just gorgeous?" Linus sighed, removing yet another tape and consigning Ravi the vulnerable hospital patient to its box. 

"Yes indeed," Raul said feebly, doing his best to hide an increasing sense of inferiority. Because watching Ravi at work was, well, rather demoralising. He was beautiful, incredibly athletic, and capable of sexual feats that Raul barely believed possible.

But Ravi the man wouldn't be anything like Ravi the porn actor, would he? Raul comforted himself with that thought; all that flattering lighting, camera angles, make-up, costume. In real life he probably just looked like anyone else.

The man who walked through the front door the following evening, declaiming, "Linus, sweetheart, how wonderful to see you again!" did not look like just anyone else. He was a prince, a prince among men. Burnished skin with darkest eyes, fine cheekbones and glossy hair. The diamond in his left ear and the gold chain resting against his neck glowed with authenticity.

"Ravi, darling!" Linus embraced him. "So good to see you! And, Ravi, I must introduce you! This is Raul."

Raul stepped forward and managed a muttered pleasedtomeetyou. They exchanged a warm handshake. Ravi's hands were soft and his nails perfectly manicured; Raul felt scruffy and small.

"Let me take your coat," Linus offered, and as Ravi shrugged off his long gray trench coat, Raul couldn't stifle a gasp. Ravi was wearing army fatigues underneath; a camouflage shirt and pants, and heavy boots.

"Sorry," Ravi immediately apologized. "I came straight from the set."

"What is this movie, a sequel to Breaking in the Rookie Soldier?" Linus demanded.

"Kind of, except I'm not the rookie anymore," Ravi laughed.

But Raul was already scurrying up the stairs, his nerve broken. Uniforms meant power and authority, and authority still scared him half to death. He'd hardly been able to look Ziggy in the eye, and Ziggy was a plain-clothes cop, for goodness sake.

He calmed enough a few minutes later to go and sit on the stairs, and listen to Linus and Ravi chatting in the living room. Linus demanded to hear more about the soldier movie, which sounded very distasteful to Raul; rogue soldiers camped out in a remote forest, abusing unfortunate men who stumbled upon their camp. 

"It's a bit edgy for me," Ravi admitted. "Shall we change the subject? Tell me about Raul, he's very lovely. How did you meet?"

"Ah, I found him in Miami and couldn't resist bringing him home. He came to the US under rather difficult circumstances," Linus explained diplomatically.

"I would be most interested to get to know him, will he be back?" Ravi asked.

"Oh, he's always shy when it comes to meeting new people. Give him time and he'll come and talk to us," Linus declared. "So how's San Francisco? Have you seen Peter recently..?"

Raul tuned out the conversation as disturbing images of Linus and Ravi fucking appeared in front of him. Linus couldn't wait to get those army fatigues off Ravi's lean, muscular body, Raul was sure; and the prospect of watching Ravi... perform, like in the videos, was a daunting one. Linus might even ask Raul to join in. That...could be humiliating. 

Of course Linus would never make him do anything he didn't want to do. But explaining just why he didn't want to do it, in front of Ravi--that was to be avoided if at all possible. Better to get out of the way now, before the problem occurred. Raul tiptoed down the stairs, slipped on a jacket and shoes, and headed outside.

He walked down to the coast, which was only a few blocks away. It was a quiet moonlit night, the air was cool and still, and it was very pleasant. At the shore, his feet turned southward toward the marina, which was some way away; Linus wouldn't dream of travelling there except in a car, but Raul had never minded long walks.

Linus and Chris owned quarter shares in a cabin cruiser moored there, and Raul (who had spent much of his early life in and around boats) had a key. He could bed down there for the night and go home in the morning, by which time hopefully Linus and Ravi would be in a post-coital daze. The other boat owners, business associates of Linus, both lived many miles away and booked time on it only once or twice a year; nobody would be using it. 

Sure enough, the boat was dark and empty; Raul kicked off his shoes, shrugged off his jacket, and settled himself down in one of the narrow bunks. The gentle rocking on the water helped empty his mind, and soon lulled him to sleep.

"ARGH! What the fuck!"

Raul jumped awake in horror as light flooded his brain and an ear-splitting shout drilled into his head. He found the cabin light was on, and a fair haired man in jeans and a leather jacket was standing in the middle of the floor staring at him.

"Raul, you scared the shit out of me!" Chris gasped, his gray eyes wide. "I didn't realize you were here until I turned the light on--what are you doing? Is Linus here?"

"No, no." Raul sat up, pulling blankets around himself, embarrassed and sorry to have frightened Chris. "He's at home. He has a visitor. I wanted to get out of the way."

Chris sat down on the opposite bunk, still looking a bit stunned. "A visitor?"

"Ravi. You must know him," Raul realized as he spoke. "They...haven't seen each other in a while. I...wanted to give them some privacy."

Chris raised an eyebrow. Anyone who knew Linus would have known this was a ridiculous thing to say, and Raul could see Chris didn't believe him for a second. 

"I mean..." Raul stumbled over his thoughts, and found himself saying, "Linus showed me all his videos the day before."

It didn't explain anything in itself, but Chris said, "Oh," and visibly thought for a few seconds. "All Ravi's videos? That must have been quite a session."

"It was," Raul said humbly, sensing Chris understood. 

"And he's come for a visit?" Chris asked.

"Just for a couple of days," Raul explained. "He's over on the East Coast to shoot a movie. An army thing...he turned up in full combat gear."

Chris grimaced. "Right." 

"What about you?" Raul asked defensively. "What are you doing here?"

"This is my boat!" Chris shot back with a touch of humor. He reached down to unlace his boots. "I come out here at night sometimes."

Really. Raul wondered why, but didn't dare ask. However apparently Chris felt more explanation was needed, as he added, swinging his legs up onto the bunk, "Some nights I just can't sleep at home."

Really. Chris had a beautiful home, right on the beach, wonderful views, quiet location, with a large bed that Raul knew was very comfy from his own experience. Surely anyone would sleep well in such a house?

"Goodnight," Chris added, and hit the light switch, plunging the cabin back into darkness.

Raul lay in the dark and reflected that Chris always had a little cloud of sadness about him. He remembered that Chris's house had been designed and built by Edward, whom Raul had never met but sometimes felt he had; Linus spoke about him with such enormous depths of warmth and regret for his death, only a couple of years ago. Raul tried to imagine living in Linus's house if Linus was dead; the thought made his stomach crunch and pulse quicken with horror. No wonder Chris could sometimes not sleep, surrounded by such concrete evidence of the lost love of his life. And yet, no wonder that he was still there, because how could one possibly abandon such a house with its memories?..

After a while Raul could not bear the waves of empty loneliness he could feel vibrating from the bed opposite. He got up, padded the few steps across the cabin, and slipped into bed alongside Chris. Chris let out a small grunt of surprise, but edged over a few inches to give him room. Raul slipped an arm around Chris's chest, trying to send out comforting vibes; you are not alone. You have friends. We care about you. 

At first Chris lay rather stiffly still, but gradually Raul felt him relax, muscles unclenching and easing into drowsiness. They drifted into sleep together.

BRRRING!...BRRRING!... 

The blare of a cellphone made Raul jump awake for the second time that night. Not his own; he didn't have one (although Linus had been trying to persuade him to get one). Chris muttered a curse and groped for his phone, clipped to his belt.

"Hello," he mumbled into the handset, peering at his watch in the light of the screen. "Hey, Linus."

Raul guessed Chris had said that for his benefit. He was in fact lying close enough that he could recognize Linus's voice, loud and alarmed, although he could not make out the words.

"Quit worrying. He's with me," Chris said. Pause. "No. No, I'm on the boat. I was coming here to sleep and he was already here. He's fine."

There was a more lengthy pause, and Raul could hear Linus chattering worriedly. 

"Don't you think showing him videos might not have been the best way to introduce him to Ravi?" Chris said, putting some acid into his voice. "And I hear he turned up on your doorstep in army gear, it's not the most welcoming--Linus--Linus--"

Raul shut his eyes, wishing he could hear what Linus was saying but also glad that he couldn't.

"Look, let's get some sleep now and I'll bring him back to you tomorrow," Chris said in a tone of finality. "'Night," and he snapped shut his cell. 

Raul squeezed Chris's arm to show he was grateful.

"Ravi's a good guy, you know," Chris said into the darkness. 

Raul was silent, listening.

"First time I met him I tried to pay him off to get rid of him, 'cause he was an escort and I thought he was just hanging around Linus to take advantage," Chris went on. "But he wouldn't take the money, and in the end I figured he must really care about Linus. They've been friends a long time now."

"That's cool," Raul whispered. 

"Also, porn's a performance art, that's what Ravi always says, nothing to do with real sex with real people." Chris spoke through a yawn. "Don't judge Ravi because of what he does. He never judges anyone."

And that made Raul realize that when he'd overheard Linus and Ravi talking about him in the living room, Ravi hadn't commented on his age. Everyone he met was concerned about how young he might be. Chris, Ziggy, waiters in restaurants who treated him like he was Linus's son, the doormen at the club who crinkled their eyes and made it clear he would never have gotten in if he wasn't riding on Linus's coat tails. But not Ravi. Not a word.

Raul stayed awake a while after Chris had gone to sleep, but eventually drifted off again.

"Hello! Anyone home? Can I come aboard?..."

Raul woke for the third time to find it was morning, a cloudy sky was vibrating daylight through cabin windows, and a voice was hailing from outside.

Half asleep still, Raul slid out of Chris's bunk and moved to sit back on the other side. Chris sat up, rubbled his eyes, stumbled out of bed and hauled himself up the small flight of steps to unlock the cabin door. "Hey, Ravi. Morning."

Ravi, not Linus?...

"Chris, great to see you again." Ravi came down the steps and greeted Chris with a kiss on the cheek. "And Raul, good morning, I'm sorry we didn't have the chance to get acquainted last night."

"Um." Raul was hesitant, but here in broad daylight Ravi seemed much less scary. He was still wearing the army boots, but the gray trench coat was belted around a tight-fitting sweater and jeans. The jewelry was reduced to discreet studs in both ears.

"I thought I could take you both out for breakfast, perhaps?" Ravi went on. "Linus tells me there is an excellent diner on the quayside somewhere."

"Yeah. They do pancakes with bacon and strawberries and maple syrup. Awesome." Chris was shedding sleep as he stretched his arms. "Raul?"

"Yes, thank you, that sounds very nice." Raul felt timid, but made the effort to be polite. Pancakes with bacon and strawberries and maple syrup did indeed sound good. And he might be able to talk more easily to Ravi with Chris around, than with Linus.

"Linus not with you?" Chris asked, sitting down again to put on his boots.

"No, I left him at home," Ravi said gravely. "I wanted to have breakfast with you both without him. He didn't want to stay, so I ended up leaving him tied to the bedposts."

Raul really couldn't figure out if Ravi was joking or not. 

"I'm not joking," Ravi added with a smile, apparently reading Raul's face. "He was very happy to be tied up there last night, believe me, but perhaps not so much this morning. We had better not linger too long over breakfast."

Chris snorted with laughter. "Ravi, you are the limit."

"Linus feels he owes you an apology," Ravi said to Raul, with a wink. "I suggest you hold out for the longest blowjob in history. You'll get it."

"Ravi!" Chris said with mock outrage, standing up and swatting Ravi on the arm. Ravi swatted back, and Chris grinned, and they exchanged a swift sudden kiss on the lips that was sweet and erotic at the same time.

And suddenly Raul felt that sex with Ravi might be a fun thing after all.

END