A Long Night...

Ianto led Jack to the bedroom, kissing him all the way. Once there, he allowed Jack to take over. It was important, to Ianto, for Jack to feel comfortable, or this... whatever, would be over before it had even begun.

They stood, only the sound of their breathing breaking the silence, looking at each other. The atmosphere was charged, alive with expectation and anticipation. Unable to bear it any longer, Ianto removed his tie, revelling in the sound as it slid from under his collar. He unfastened his top button. Jack was there, pushing Ianto’s jacket from his shoulders, unfastening shirt buttons, kissing him deeply, fiercely, needing the contact. Ianto’s shirt fell to the floor... Jack stopped.

“What’s wrong?” Jack was staring at Ianto – or rather, at Ianto’s bare chest.

“Nothing’s wrong,” Jack whispered. He stepped closer to Ianto, running fingers through the fine smattering of hair on his chest, down his torso, to the waistband of Ianto’s trousers. He slid his fingers round, until his hand rested in the small of Ianto’s back. Pulling him close, Jack’s mouth found Ianto’s. The kiss was deep, unhurried. Jack palmed Ianto’s cock through his trousers, causing the young man to groan, taken by surprise.

Jack’s hands reach Ianto’s belt buckle, nimble fingers unfastening it. Ianto toed his socks and shoes off, stepping out of his trousers when they fell, his erection barely contained within his briefs.

Mouths locked; groins ground; Ianto took no time in stripping Jack. They stumbled to the bed, locked together at mouth... chest... groin... neither wanting to let go. Desire burning through them, making them moan, until, lying face to face, they parted.

They smiled as Ianto lazily ran his fingers through Jack’s hair. He placed a chaste kiss on Jack’s lips before pulling back.

“Tonight’s about you. What you want,” he paused, eyes dark with lust. “Tell me what you want, Jack.”

“I... I’d like to explore you,” Jack rolled onto Ianto, pinning him to the bed. “Taste you; touch you; feel you completely naked under me... ”

Ianto slid his briefs off. “I’m all your’s,” he whispered. “Do what you want.”

It was an offer Jack could not refuse. Stripping himself, Jack stretched himself over Ianto. The first touch of their naked cocks sending exquisite sensations through him, which left him groaning. 

Continuing to rub his cock against Ianto’s, Jack nuzzled into Ianto’s neck; inhaling him; tasting him; teasing him; discovering all the little sounds Ianto made to a lick here, a suck there or a nip to his earlobe.

Moving his mouth back to Ianto’s, Jack ran his hands down Ianto’s arms, entwining their fingers, stretching Ianto’s arms above his head. Ianto grasped the slatted headboard as Jack’s fingernails scraped down his forearms, then down his sides.

Jack paused, listening to the delicious sounds Ianto was making. Ianto’s eyes were closed, heightening his other senses. Feather light kisses were trailed across his jaw, his neck, into the dip between his collarbones. Jack bit down on one of them, Ianto’s hips bucking in response.

“Open your eyes,” Jack instructed. “I want you to watch.”

Ianto opened his eyes and watched as Jack laved first one nipple, then the other. He gasped as Jack sucked a nipple into his mouth, holding it with his teeth, before flicking it with his tongue. Ianto mewled at this, causing Jack to flick harder.

“Ja...ack,” Ianto whimpered. Jack assaulted Ianto’s other nipple in a similar manner to the first. Fingers twined in Ianto’s’ chest hair, tugging slightly.

Releasing Ianto from his “torture”, Jack knelt between Ianto’s legs. His finger tips leisurely stroked along Ianto’s inner thighs. He watched Ianto’s cock twitch, noting that it was leaking. He dipped his head, tasting Ianto’s cock for the first time. Ianto’s eyes widened as Jack’s tongue glanced over the tip of his cock. Jack was watching Ianto as he took his cock into his mouth. He gagged, his inexperience showing, as Ianto’s cock stuck in his throat. He stroked his fingers through Jack’s hair, encouraging but not demanding.

The ache between Jack’s legs was becoming unbearable. He released Ianto’s cock, moving to kiss him. Their cocks rubbed. Lust filled eyes met. Jack’s hand grasped both cocks; the saliva on Ianto’s was enough for Jack’s needs. He stroked them, increasing the pace slowly.

Ianto’s breath was coming in ragged gasps. His eyes were closed, head back against the pillows. Jack’s movements were becoming laboured, incoherent mutterings escaping his lips.

With a final stroke, Jack came, taking Ianto over the edge with him. He collapsed beside Ianto, the young man pulling him close. The kiss that followed was languorous, dreamlike. Tongues entwined, hands wondering, still exploring.

Jack pulled back, gazing into Ianto’s eyes. The look there told him it was going to be a long, but enjoyable, night...