The thumping sound of techno music was blasting through the lingerie store. Only a few people were left browsing at this time in the evening. You could see the mousy girls trying not to view all the dildos on display and failing miserably. A trophy wife looking for a larger bra to fit her new implanted tits that showed plenty of cleavage. The sugar baby buying the skimpiest of outfits using her daddy's credit card. Then there were those who ventured downstairs to the kinks and fetishes section. Two individuals could be seen selecting a variety of naughty BDSM toys off the shelf.
"Don't forget the ring gag. That last boy we had was a pain for him to suck my cock." Trinity pointed.
"I'll grab a couple just in case. I'm liking the sound of this electro butt plug; bet it'll make them squeal." Roxy chuckled to herself.
Trinity and Roxy were trans twin sisters who had stuck with each other throughout their lives. Both aged 23, 5ft 10, with slim toned bodies, blue eyes and packing a generous 8-inch dong each. They differed with their style though, Trinity had short blue hair and was covered in tattoos. She preferred the gothic look with an abundance of piercings wearing a tight red and black corset with a black mini skirt and thigh high black pumps. She had a modest boob job done only going to a 34C compared to her busty sister. Her cock was slightly different as well where her helmet was relatively small it got much thicker towards the base. Out of the two of them, Trinity was definitely the more sadistic pushing her sluts to breaking point.
Roxy on the other hand preferred a more glamorous look. Her curly crimson red hair fell down past her shoulders. Rather than the abundance of piercings her sister had, Roxy preferred more traditional jewelry like hoop earrings, golden necklaces, and sparkling bracelets. Tonight, she was wearing a tight fitted short red dress with black high heels. Roxy had put all her money into her chest rocking a 34F bust her huge tits spilled out of her dress. Her cock was slightly different as hers boasted a fat mushroom helmet and thinner shaft she also had larger balls than her sister. She loved nothing better than having a boy drool over her to then bend him over and use him as a toy.
As the girls continued to fill their bags with goodies one of the mousy girls from upstairs came down and walked over to Trinity.
"Mis...mistress" she trembled.
Trinity turned around to look at her. The innocent looking teen that she was currently corrupting had returned to her after she had given an order for her to complete. Her name was Claire, and she was a short flat chested 18-year-old nerd with big round glasses. Claire had walked in on Trinity and Roxy running a train on her roommate at college one night. Frightened, she had run away and ended up staying with a friend, but Trinity had tracked her down using her roommate. Trinity then began corrupting the little bookworm into her obedient slut.
"So, slut what did I tell you to do?" Trinity smiled.
"You asked me to go upstairs and pick out something" Claire quietly spoke.
"I was more specific than that. Are you trying to annoy me?" Trinity frowned.
"S... sorry mistress, you told me to get a toy for me to use that would please you." She whispered.
"Better, and I can see you're carrying quite a large box" Trinity said.
"Yes, mistress I didn't want to disappoint you, but I was unsure of the price tag as well. I picked up this 14-inch horse dildo because I know you wanted to destroy my virgin arse hole." a naughty smile crept onto her face as she said that.
Trinity's cock began to harden in her skirt at what she had just heard. This innocent little nerd was really coming out of her shell now.
"How much is it slut?" Trinity asked.
"Um It's £149" she titled her box to see the price tag.
"That's quite a lot of money for a dildo you're gonna have to work extra hard to pay me back for that. Before we leave, I just want you to try on some clothes for me. Roxy babe, we'll meet you upstairs in a minute."
"Don't take too long hun." Roxy replied heading up stairs.
Trinity took Claire's hand and guided her towards the changing room. Once there, Claire the naïve little lamb that she was took off her clothes including her panties thinking she would actually be trying on some more clothes for Trinity. Not that Trinity minded seeing her skinny little frame, if anything it just made her cock throb harder.
"Knees" Trinity whispered into Claire's ear.
Claire shivered slightly then got on her knees in front of Trinity. She looked up at the lust filled eyes that Trinity had for her and it began to make her get very wet. Trinity walked right in front of Claire so her face was buried in her bulging crotch. Trinity pressed her thumb across Claire's lips it reminded her she was going to get those puppies plumped up.
"Open" she commanded.
Claire opened her mouth letting Trinity run her thumb along her tongue. She then slid her skirt down revealing her black mesh panties bulging with her fat cock. She unhooked her panties letting her fat shaft swing out and slap Claire in the face. Claire actually moaned when the cock came in contact with her face. She was so turned on by what was happening her pussy was soaked.
"Mmmmm you naughty slut, look how far you've come. You're desperate for my cock, aren't you?" Trinity rubbed her cock against Claire's face
Claire nodded in response the smell of hot sweaty balls pressing against her nose was making her dizzy. Trinity held her cock at its base and guided it into Claire's awaiting mouth. Claire eagerly sucked on Trinity's helmet and took a couple of inches into her mouth. As Claire was servicing her cock, Trinity leant down into one of her bags and pulled out some rope.
"Place your hands on my arse." Trinity told her.
Claire reached up and placed her hands on Trinity's plump arse cheeks as she continued to suck her mistress's cock. Trinity reached out and tied her hands together and then wrapped the rope around her waist and knotted it. Claire's hands were firmly locked behind Trinity's back she wasn't going anywhere.
Upstairs Roxy had gone to pay for all of the goodies she had gathered. She looked around the rest of the shop to see if there was any prey left. Knowing Trinity was fucking the poor girl downstairs made her extremely envious and horny. She locked eyes on the busty trophy wife who was checking herself out in the mirror. Roxy strutted over bags in hand. As she got closer and could see the sex bomb in front of her, she started to feel like she recognized her from somewhere.
"That top looks sexy as fuck on you girl." Roxy whistled behind her.
As the woman turned around, Roxy's cock grew very hard. She was an outright bimbo with long wavy blonde hair, bright blue eyes, her face was caked in makeup, she had plump dick sucking lips and a mouthwatering 38G bust. The top she was trying on was definitely a few sizes too small, but it showed off her abs and her tits precisely how she wanted it to.
"Thanks girl, love your style. Do you like model at all?" she responded.
"I do actually. I've just come back from a tour with Victoria Secret in LA." Roxy lied. She wanted her to feel comfortable before she pounced.
"OMG that's like totally awesome girl, I just finished a shoot yesterday with playboy. My names Holly Deacon by the way."
That's where Roxy had seen her, she had jacked off to her in playboy magazine. Now she was determined to fuck this slut.
"Wow I've always wanted to meet a bunny, you're just so gorgeous I could eat you up!" Roxy winked at her.
Holly's eyes twinkled as she heard the compliments. She looked over at Roxy's body. Although she was bi, she was only ever into busty girls like her.
"Well, if you're offering girl, I'd be up for exactly that" Holly rubbed her lips together seductively.
"Let's head down the street to my apartment, gorgeous" Roxy suggested.
Back downstairs the sounds of labored breathing and occasional gagging could be heard from the changing room. Trinity had been slowly fucking Claire's face for the last few minutes. She could only get about half of her cock into Claire's throat, but this was all part of her training.
"Good girl you're taking this much better than your first time, but I want to feel your nose against me. See what I have here?" Trinity waved at her.
She had a small remote control which made Claire's eyes widen. She had forgot before she had gone to fetch the toy, Trinity had put a vibrating egg in her pussy. She hadn't turned it on yet, so she just got used to it being there. Trinity clicked one of the buttons and a slow humming vibration started in Claire's pussy.
Claire moaned while the cock was lodged in her throat the pleasure that was building in her pussy was giving her a new kind of high. Her throat began to open up ever so slightly which allowed the cock to slide deeper.
"Mmmmm there we go slut you're so hungry for this big dick. As soon as you cum baby girl you're going to swallow my whole cock." Trinity grunted.
A mixture of fear and deep arousal washed over Claire as the heat in her pussy grew. It wasn't going to take the little nerd much longer for her pussy to explode.
"Let's turn this up higher" Trinity said clicking the remote.
The next level was felt immediately in Claire's pussy. It was far stronger than before. She moaned into Trinity's cock and squirmed around a little. She was desperate to touch her clit and make herself cum quicker.
"Oh, fuck you're sucking my cock so good right now I might not be able to hold it in time. Trinity starting fucking Claire's face harder.
She reached down and twisted Claire's erect nipples. Claire tried to scream as the pain caused her a pleasure overload and her pussy squirted all over the floor the vibrator shooting out. At this point Trinity had thrust the rest of her cock in until her balls slapped her chin. She then proceeded to ram her cock in and out of Claire's throat balls deep.
"OH, FUCK YES, THAT'S THE SPOT! SWALLOW EVERY DROP OF MY SPUNK SLUT" Trinity roared.
Trinity buried her cock deeply into Claire's throat and unloaded her balls. Thick spurts of cum filled her stomach and mouth. Claire's eyes had rolled back when she squirted, and she had now passed out while getting used as a cum dump. Her body was limp hanging off of Trinity, her fat cock still in her throat and the vibrator humming on the soaking wet floor.
Trinity breathed in deeply fully satisfied by the rough throat fucking she had just given Claire. She slowly slid her cock out of the girl's throat and rested it on her face. It was covered in her sticky saliva and was still leaking cum. The poor girl was still out cold probably experiencing the best orgasm she'd ever had. Trinity untied her and slowly let her rest on the floor.
Meanwhile in a back alley outside the lingerie store, Roxy had been too impatient to walk to the apartment. She had Holly pressed up against the wall their tits mashed up into each other as they were making out. Their shopping thrown to the side as they mauled at each other.
"Ooooooo cherry chap stick my favourite" Roxy hummed before sticking her tongue into Holly's mouth.
Roxy broke off the kiss and ran her tongue down Holly's neck before pulling her shirt down slightly to suck on her erect nipples. Roxy loved playing with her huge tits.
"Spread your legs babe. I need to taste you" Roxy told her.
Holly spread her legs apart as Roxy squatted down. She was already soaking wet and couldn't wait to have this hot girl's tongue buried in her pussy. Roxy, now head-height with Holly's crotch, pulled her skirt down. The slut wasn't wearing any panties and she could see the glistening juices oozing out of her pussy. Roxy's lips enveloped Holly's pussy she began lapping up all of the secretion letting her tongue explore all over the slut's sopping snatch.
"Mmmmm yes tongue fuck me babe; this is so gooooood" Holly moaned grinding herself into Roxy's face.
Roxy started sucking her clit while fingering her pussy. Sawing her hand in and out of Holly who was now breathing heavily and rubbing her nipples between her fingers.
"MMMMM FUCK I'M CUMMING" Holly groaned.
Holly squeezed her legs involuntarily around Roxy's neck then gushed all over her face. Roxy was trapped momentarily with her face stuffed into Holly's snatch. As Roxy stood up, Holly grabbed her and started snogging her.
"I haven't cum that good in a long while, thanks babe. Now let me make you feel good too" Holly whispered.
Holly squatted down in front of Roxy ready to get feasting on some pussy. Roxy hiked up her dress she was wearing a comfortable pair of lace panties that did nothing to hide her obscene cock.
"Woah you've got like a cock! It's a big one as well" Holly said surprised
"Is that going to be a problem?" Roxy asked.
"Mmmmm no, I was just thinking of how much my tight, wet pussy needs a big fat cock like yours." Holly smiled wickedly.
Roxy slipped off her panties and caressed Holly's cheek lovingly.
"If you want my cock to ruin that drenched cunt of yours, you'll use those fat lips for their true purpose." Roxy hissed.
Holly placed her hands on Roxy's cock stroking it up and down before slowly kissing her helmet. Holly's thick lips spread over her the helmet and her tongue pushed into the urethra. Licking up all the delicious precum oozing out. She leant forward swallowing Roxy's cock deeper taking inch by inch till she was at the base. She then stuck her tongue out and licked Roxy's balls while her big cock was lodged in Holly's throat.
"Mmmmm yes you've had some good practice sucking cocks. I imagine you've made a career out of it." Roxy chucked to herself.
Holly pulled her cock out and slapped it on her tongue a few times which resulted in more precum leaking out. She then pulled her top off and took off her bra revealing her 38G tits. She got a good handful of her tits and placed Roxy's cock between them.
"Ooooo yeah your tits are great, worth every penny just for this opportunity." Roxy thrust a few times while Holly pressed her soft tits tightly around her aching cock.
"Right stand up and turn around babe time to fill that pussy." Roxy ordered.
Holly gave her helmet one last kiss before standing back up. She turned around and bent over slightly sticking her arse out. Roxy rested her cock on top of her arse.
"Mmmmm beg me to give you this cock, whore" Roxy spanked her arse.
"Please like I want you to totally ruin my pussy babe, fuck me till you fill me with your delicious cream." Holly giggled.
Roxy rubbed her helmet between Holly's labia forcing her to moan. She pressed forward letting her fat helmet stretch her open, the thick helmet met some resistance, but Roxy just forced it in. Holly gripped onto the wall and pushed herself against the big cock that was entering her.
"Oh GOD your cock is like so big, you're tearing my pussy apart." Holly screamed.
Roxy grunted and continued to push her cock into Holly's tight snatch. As she finally rested balls deep in her, Roxy reached down and scrunched up Holly's hair pulling her head slightly back.
"For such a hot looking slut you've got a uniquely tight hole. What's your secret?" Roxy asked.
"I mastered blowjobs when I was 18 to get what I wanted. I only allow a special few access to my holes." Holly revealed.
Roxy slowly retracted her cock from the tight hole till her helmet rested inside and slowly entered back eliciting a deep groan from Holly.
"Aw you've only just met me and I'm already in your special books. How many people have used your arse hole? From here it looks very tight." Roxy said slowly thrusting in and out.
The slow deeps thrusts were really working on Holly. The pleasure was building her to a strong orgasm.
"ooooohhh my, my arse has never been played with." Holly panted.
Roxy started to pick up the pace keeping her thrusts long and deep. She could feel Holly's cunt tightening up. Her juicy slit wrapped around her cock. She pulled her hair back more so that she was looking up at the sky. The bend in her spine allowed Roxy to get even deeper.
"OH FUCK YES! I'M GONNA CUM" Holly groaned.
Roxy quickly pulled her cock out of Holly's pussy. The sudden feeling of emptiness stopped Holly's orgasm dead.
"Nooooo why did you pull out I was about to cum, please put it back in." Holly whined.
Roxy knelt between Holly's legs. She admired her shiny pussy throbbing, desperate to explode. She ran her tongue up and down the soaking folds. Exploring higher towards her tight rosebud. Pushing her tongue inside her arsehole making sure there was plenty of saliva over it. Roxy spat on it, then stood back up and rested her helmet at the entrance to her arse.
"If you want me to give you the best orgasm of your life you need to sacrifice this hole to me." Roxy said rubbing her hands down her back.
"Please your cock is too big for that, please fuck my pussy instead." Holly pleaded.
"Oh well, guess I'm not that special then." Roxy sighed.
Roxy stepped back, pulled up her panties, and began to walk away.
"WAIT DON'T GO, please I do want you, just... be gentle" Holly shouted breathy and desperate.
Roxy smiled; she had this little slut wrapped around her finger already. She threw off her panties and got behind her again. Spitting and stroking her cock she pressed it against her hole.
"Beg slut"
"Please fuck my virgin arse hole!"
"Mmmmm now call me mistress" Roxy insisted.
"Please fill me up, Mistress" Holly submissively responded.
Roxy pressed her cock against her hole and slowly began to push forward. Her huge helmet struggled to enter.
"Relax slut! The more you tense the more it'll hurt."
With that, Holly relaxed and Roxy's helmet began to break through. Stretching the tight hole around the fat helmet felt so good. Holly was gritting her teeth trying not to scream. Suddenly the helmet slipped inside.
"AHHHHH FUCK, PULL OUT PLEASE!" Holly screamed.
"Shhhh slow down, you'll get used to me"
Holly huffed and puffed but slowly accommodated the huge cock in her arse.
"Good girl, if you can take me to the base, I'll go back to ruining your pussy."
Holly began to push herself against the thick invader. Slowly but surely her hole slid along Roxy's cock taking it deeper and deeper. Finally, her cheeks rested against her crotch. She'd taken the whole cock inside her.
"See that wasn't too bad, was it baby girl?" Roxy cooed.
"No mistress, but please can you fuck my pussy now" Holly whimpered.
"Of course, my dear. Now I've looked at a lot of the poses you've done with Playboy and my utmost favourite is where you put your head between your legs. Can you do that for me dear?"
Holly put her hands on the ground and slowly walked towards the wall. Roxy followed her keeping her cock fully lodged in her arse. With her back against the wall Holly brought her arms and head through between her legs. As she looked up, she could see Roxy's heavy balls dangling down.
"Very good, now you can watch me wreck your pussy." Roxy smiled.
Roxy pulled her cock out of her arse making Holly gasp. She then slammed all 8 inches of her cock into the needy pussy. Holly gripped onto her own legs and bit her lip. Roxy wasted so time in thrusting her cock deep into Holly.
"MMMMM FUCK YES" Holly bellowed.
Holly could barely look up at the pounding she was receiving. The pleasure coursing through her body was making her mind go blank. The slapping of her balls and occasional grunting was all that could be heard from Roxy as she feverishly hammered into Holly.  
"OH GOD I'M GONNA CUM" Holly moaned.
A few thrusts later she screamed and squirted onto Roxy who didn't stop. All of her cum ran down both their legs. The brutal thrusting still didn't stop and only turned Holly on more as her pussy continued to contract bringing her to another quick orgasm.
"Mmmmm yes, don't stop please."
She didn't squirt this time, but her pussy gripped Roxy's cock and gushed over it. Her pussy was now on fire from the brutal thrusting and constant orgasms she was having. She also felt lightheaded, in her inverted position all the blood had rushed to her head. Her legs started shaking and were about to give out.
Seeing this, Roxy pulled her cock out of the sopping twat. She bent down and pulled Holly back up. As Holly stood up and turned around, she looked a mess. Her mascara was smeared all over her face from when she had been crying during the anal assault. Her tongue was slightly sticking out and she was panting like a dog.
"How was that baby girl?"
"That was the best fuck of my life and you've not even cum yet. Please let me make you cum." Holly pleaded.
She squatted down and took the beastly cock between her lips. Sucking and slurping all of her juices up as she swallowed Roxy's cock. She looked into her mistress's eyes as her balls slapped her chin.
"Your mouth is delightful. I'm going to coat it with my cream." Roxy announced.
Roxy put her hands on Holly's head and thrust deeply her cock shooting a long thick spurt of cum. She pulled back shooting another in her mouth. She retracted her cock completely shooting a couple more spurts on her face and tits.
"Mmmmm, I needed to unload. Come here, slut." Roxy reached down pulling Holly to her feet.
They both began to make out, Holly's cum covered face spreading onto Roxy.
Subsequently in the lingerie shop, Trinity and Claire had gotten dressed and left the changing room where a puddle of Claire's cum remained. Claire was clinging onto Trinity's arm as they went back upstairs to pay for the toys. As the cashier scanned the horse dildo, her eyes widened.
"This little slut can't wait to get that toy in her arse. She practically begged me to buy it." Trinity grinned.
Claire went bright red but didn't say anything. Once all the purchases were made, they left the shop. Claire's phone began to buzz as they were walking.
"My mum's asking me to come home as it's getting late, is that okay?"
"Well, I don't want your mum getting in a rut about where you are. Here take this bag it's got your toy in it. Now I want you to use this as well." Trinity grabbed a small toy from one of the bags.
"What's that?" Claire looked at it curiously.
Trinity then kissed Claire deeply whilst slipping her hand into the girl's skirt and pushed the toy into her pussy. She broke away from the kiss and looked into Claire eyes.
"This little device is similar to the egg you had before, but this time I can control it with my phone."
Claire didn't understand the significance at first, but she suddenly made an oh face at Trinity.
"Haha Yes, when you're at home you're going to make sure this is always in you in case I want to have a little play around with you when I'm not there."
"Yes mistress" Claire responded.
"Good girl, now I want you to head home. Before the end of the day, I want you to take pictures of you playing with your new toy. If the pictures fail to make my cock hard, I'm going to punish you."
"Yes mistress"
"Good girl, now bugger off I need to find my sister." Trinity slapped her arse causing her to yelp.
Trinity pulled out her phone and texted her sister to meet her back at the apartment.
Back in the alley...
"Mmmmm yes, suck my tongue" Roxy said.
Roxy and Holly had been in each other's arms for 10 minutes after they'd fucked. Holly couldn't stop showing her affection for Roxy. Her pussy and arse were sore but fully satisfied. Roxy's phone bleeped in her handbag.
"I'm afraid our time together is over my love. I need to head off."
"Here I was thinking we were never going to leave this dirty alley." Holly licked Roxy's neck.
"Be careful dear, if you get me hard again I'm going to ruin your arse." Roxy grinned.
"Maybe it is time to go" Holly quickly said, fearful her arse would get ripped into.
As they both got up and collected their things, Holly wiped the dried up cum off her face. They both exchanged numbers promising to meet up again soon. Roxy then called a taxi and headed home.
"Nice of you to finally show up." Trinity said waiting outside the apartment complex.
"Wait till I tell you who I was with and then you can be annoyed" Roxy winked as they walked inside towards the elevator.