
Me and my son had moved from Secunderabad to Calcutta and I got him admitted in a cricket coaching center where I wanted him to continue his game. The practice was on Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. From morning 7 to about 10 am. He would practice and I would sit and watch him; other parents also used to be there and we would all chat while the children played around. Since I was a widower and more than average looking so my son and myself would get extra attention from the parents group especially the ladies side.
One day after the practice was over we were all sitting and chatting I noticed a lady in a bright orange saree with a matching blouse standing at the end of the field and calling her son. She looked gorgeous and I was hoping to have a closer look. Since my son was a state player so all the boys wanted to talk to him and take tips. He was also the captain so to be in his good books means getting a chance in club team. I observed the boy she called and she turned around got into the car and went away. The boys name was Samantha and just an up coming player. This happened on Sunday and I had to wait till Thursday so that I could see the lady.
On Thursday I made no mistake but towards the end of practice I made a point to go and sit next to entrance of the ground so that I could see her from close. It did not take long and she was there not interested in looking at anybody came next to the ground and called her son; the son responded and both of them got into the car and drove away. During her stay there I kept looking at her and seeing her beauty and figure. She looked like a renowned Hindi film actress and her boobs looked tight would be 38/40 size. My thought started hover how to get friendly with her. So I walked up to other parents and suggested about a club picnic. The thought of picnic amongst guardians immediately caught up and they started planning for a sight. We choose a seaside next to Calcutta and planned to go on Saturday with return on Sunday night. It takes about 6 hrs from Calcutta. We put a parent in charge and we started canvassing for family's who are interested. As Saturday came I made a point of meeting her. As she came I introduced myself and said that we had organized a club picnic to a nearby seaside and if she with her family would be interested in participating. She first said no but when her son came and said that he was interested in going she said to give my phone number and she would ask her husband to talk to me.
At about 6pm I get a phone call stating that Mr. Seal wanted to talk to me. He told me that I had spoken to his wife regarding the picnic and would be interested in talking to me further and if possible if I could go with my son for dinner to their place. My heartbeat missed at the invitation and immediately confirmed the same. At about 8pm we reached there house with a warm receptation especially from Samantha who was very excited seeing my son. I off course very excited seeing Mrs. Seal and thinking that I will get a lot of time to talk to her. Intially some time passed getting to know each other and when she found out I was a widower her looks suddenly changed. We were going to go as two families per car; so they dropped their driver and we decided to use their new car and there family and my family would go in their car. While our discussion was going on Mrs. Seal forgettingly picked up my whisky glass and sipped her husband noticed it and said that she had taken the wrong glass. She said sorry to me and asked whether she should change the glass; I said no it was ok. I saw the lipstick marks on the glass and I wanted to put my lips on it. When my chance came I took the glass and when they were not noticing put my lips on the mark to sip the whisky. After sometime Mr. Seal went in for some work and I picked up the glass without the notice of his wife and started rubbing the mark on my lips. But just then Mrs. Seal turned towards me and before I could do anything so me at the act. I put the glass down and asked her to be excused and went to the bathroom. But as I was peeing and feeling bad that she had seen me; my eyes feel on the dirty linen box. I walked across and opened the lid to find a used panty of hers. I picked it up and smelled it; the panty was still a little wet and the smell made my dick stand. I opened my pant and took out my dick and started rubbing it on the panty. I started thinking of her and masturbated and in no time I came. I cleant my self a little and came out. As I sat I noticed that my glass had a fresh lipstick mark. I looked at her and she gave me a naughty smile as if she knew why I was there. This time I was a little bit bolder so I put my lip on her lipstick mark as she was looking. The evening turned into night me and my son had our dinner and saying goodnight went home. Next day was Sunday and her husband came to the club instead of her. Seeing him entering the club I went to the phone booth and phoned their house. She pickup the phone and I asked her was everything ok and nobody had come to the club. She said that her husband had gone with the child. I was looking for a chance to talk to her. She informed me that her husband was going out of station and would be back after 3 or 4 days; He would be here in time before the picnic on Saturday. I said that I had a great evening yesterday and look forward for some more in future. She also confirmed the same and we left the phone. I went inside the club and the discussion was on regarding the picnic. Mr. Seal confirmed that we two families were going in their car.
On Monday I got a call from Mrs. Seal asking me if I could go to her place. It was evening so I left my son as he was studying and went to their place. I rang the bell and she opened the door. She said that her son did not want to go on Saturday and if I could convince him. She said that since her husband was out of station she did not know what to do. I asked her were her son was and she informed he had gone for tuition and would be back after sometime; in the meanwhile she said if she could pour me a whisky. I said "No" since her husband was not there it would be wrong of me to drink. She said not to worry and she would pour a peg for herself and give me company. She poured two glasses and served it with some snacks. I said that yesterday's whisky was out of the world and the taste was just fantastic. She said I served you just the same and saying that she pickup my glass and sipped some and her lipstick once again made a mark. She asked me now is it ok? I nodded my head and picked the glass and cheered with her and said it was towards our new friendship. I sipped the glass and rubbed the lipstick and in no time the glass was clean. I showed her the glass and once again she did the same. As this was going on and we were chatting about the experience of the club and its members the phone rang. It was her son Samantha on the line. He phoned to inform that he would be late, as his sir had gone out. She told her to keep the driver waiting till he finishes. She apologized that she had called me but her son would be late in coming home. But she said that did not mean that I should leave right away. I had finished my glass by that time and she put a refill. I asked her but this is common whisky. She put the glass on the table and came near me and bent down and gave me a tight kiss on my lips. I couldn't even open my mouth to put my tongue into her. She went and sat opposite me and said whenever you want the taste I will give you. I got up from my chair and bent put one hand behind her head and put my lips on hers and started kissing her. I opened my mouth and put my tongue into her mouth. Both the tongues started rolling and both started tasting the saliva from each other's mouth. She said "OK, stop, stop". I pulled back myself and said what happened. She said sit and enjoy your drinks I will be back. She went inside and changed into a nigh tee. It was absolutely see through and I could see her nipples as she had opened her bra. She sat opposite me and said yesterday you had gone to the bathroom and discharged. I said how did you know. She said there is a small hole through which you can see inside. I told her that I had taken out her panty from the linen box and discharged with its odor. Hearing this she came and sat next to me. She picked up my glass and started sipping from it. Her breast now was touching my side and my dick was slowly rising up. As we were talking I put my hand on her breast from on top of the nigh tee. I turned left and kissed her both breast and bit her nipple from the top. She closed her eyes and I started kissing her lips, her eyes, her neck and her shoulders.
She put her hand forward and held my hand and guided me to her bedroom. I sat and pushed her on the bed. I held her breast and started loving it with the other hand I started opening out the buttons of the nigh tee. After opening the button I slipped her nigh tee down and she was just on with a panty. I held the panty and put it down. Now she was in front of me nude. She held my t-shirt and pulled it out and I started kissing her we lay on the bed side by side once kissing her and then going to her nipple and sucking it. I was sucking so hard that if there was some milk left it would come out. My hand was on her breast sometimes right and sometimes left. The curdling of the breast and kissing her was so good that I was unable to go down further. As I sucked her lips it got swollen a bit but we continued. When I sucked her breast she would kiss my neck and suck my nipples. As we were doing this her nipples started becoming hard so was my dick. It just wanted to come out in the open. I turned around and put my hands on her thighs and pressing it till I felt her pubic hair. She in the meanwhile had caught my cork and started opening out my pant. She pulled my pant out along with the underwear. My cork was already excited and juice was coming out. As she opened the pant the dick went and hit her chest and spreading juice on top of her. I started tenderly biting her clitoris and moving my tongue slowly across her hair. The smell from her pussy was great and the excitement was at the peak. She in the meanwhile had taken the dick in her mouth and was sucking it. I said do you want something more. She said carry on I am enjoying it. I put my tongue slowly on top her pussy and she said "oh". I put my tongue inside her pussy and sucked it. She was already wet and I was enjoying the taste. The deeper I went more the cream was; I was just getting mad at the sucking. Every drop that was coming from inside her to her pussy I was taking it. I sucked and sucked till I felt her moving her mouth from my cork. She tapped me and told me to turn. As I turned she made lay on the back and got on top of me. She crossed her legs from both sides of my body and her pussy opened wide; she guided my cork into her pussy. As the cork went in she creamed in satisfaction. She slowly started riding me like a horse and pushing and pulling her pussy. I put both my hands out and held on to her breast squeezing her nipples from time to time. She slowly increased her speed till she said she was coming. As she came she hugged me tightly and I could feel it on my cork. I caught her slowly and made her lay down next to me turned to lick her pussy. I was nearly on the verge of discharge but I anyhow held back. I turned around and went and put my tongue into her pussy once again. This time it was full I sucked it nearly dry. The taste was good. She appreciated my sex liking ness with her. She understood that I was enjoying every bit of her. She was playing with my cork and licking my balls. She said why don't you put your cork in my pussy and obediently I followed. I put my cork in her pussy and started fucking it hard. She was creaming with excitement when she said she was coming I also got ready and both discharged together. We lay for a few minutes when she told me to take out the cork. She took my cork and sucked whatever sperm was left. I turned and hugged her and kissed each other. Our tongues were inside playing with each other. We caught each other, as we never wanted to leave. We rubbed each others body and kissed each other and my dick which had gone down was ready again. I made her lay on the back and got on top of her. I put my dick in her pussy and started fucking her. This time I caught her ass and lifted it a little. She lifted it up trying to help me and I sucked my finger and put it inside her ass. Here I was fucking her and my finger was pushed into her ass. She was trilled with joy and excitement She caught on to me tight and I knew she was coming again; I started fucking her harder and soon I was filling her pussy with all my juice. By this time we were tired. We lay down for about 10 minutes and slowly got up and went in for a bath. I started and she joined me for a bath. We both gave each other a bath and kissed and hugged. It was difficult to separate each other.
We both dressed and went and sat in the drawing room. She phoned her son and he said the studies were still on. I told her that I would leave today and tomorrow I would come and talk to her son. She unwillingly agreed as I told her that tomorrow again we might have another chance. Saying this again we hugged each other kissed and said "Goodnight". Our love carried on and on with beautiful memories and each fuck is better than the previous one.

