At the Waterpark
byGary_X_November©

"It is cold as fuck this morning."

"Then come back to bed for a while."

"I have work."

"You'll get in a few minutes late. Come on, you don't want to go out there and scrape the frost off your car, do you?"

"If you were a gentleman, you'd clean off both of our cars."

"Your point?"

"Oh, fuck you."

"Well, that would warm us up."

"Forget it. My nightgown stays on."

"Think warm thoughts. Think about some day last year when it was hot as fuck."

"Hmmm..."

"What are you thinking about?"

"Remember the say we went to Waterworld?"

"Are you kidding? If I ever forget that day, put me in a home."

"The bikini I wore?"

"God, I had no idea you'd bought a bikini that small. I never would have let you wear that in public if I'd known you were wearing that under your t-shirt and shorts."

"Let me??"

"You know what I mean."

"So you were surprised when you saw me coming out of the women's locker room?"

"Shit, yeah."

"It was so cute. I gave my own husband a stiffie."

"That bathing suit barely covered your tits. I think you gave out a lot of stiffies that afternoon."

"Did that bother you?"

"Well... if you'd asked me ahead of time, I'd have yes, it would. But once you were out there, shit, the way you looked, and knowing everybody was staring at you and getting turned on..."

"I asked you to put sunscreen on my back and chest."

"It took so much self-control not to slip my hand under your bikini top."

"You were spreading cream over half my breasts as it was."

"Because so little of them were covered."

"It was almost like you were feeling me up in public. That was so hot. And then we walked over to the wave pool, and there were teenage girls there with smaller bikinis than mine. I'm sure you noticed that too."

"Yeah, and half of them were falling out of their tops."

"You perv. So you did notice!"

"But all the girls in little bikinis were skinny, anorexic-looking. And don't pretend you didn't know you looked hotter than any of them, because you were the one all they guys were staring at."

"And once we were at the wave pool, splashing around, getting hit by the waves every minute... you never told me, you son of a bitch... once you noticed my bikini top had come loose, and my whole right tit was exposed, how long was it before you told me?"

"I told you right away."

"Oh, bullshit."

"Okay, I looked for a few seconds first. The cold water made your nipple so hard..."

"And you wanted other people to see me."

"You loved it too."

"I did. I really did. I liked showing off, as long as I could pretend it was accidental."

"Pretend?"

"Don't you think I noticed my right tit hanging out? I was hoping you'd wait longer to tell me, because then I had to cover up."

"Wow. I had no idea."

"That's why I went over to the waterfall afterward. I'd never been exposed in public like that before, and I loved it. And I knew that if I stood under the waterfall and didn't make sure my straps were tied really tight, the top would fall off of my tits completely."

"It sure did."

"The water comes down so hard there, I knew you had to be very close to me to see that I was only wearing a tiny bikini bottom, with the top hanging down on my belly."

"More people saw you than you thought: I guess you couldn't tell with the water coming down on you, but you'd drawn quite a crowd. Mostly guys, but not all. There was one couple, college kids I guess, while they were watching you he had his hands on both of her tits, rubbing her lightly through her little bikini top. I'm not sure they even realized they were doing it."

"That's hot."

"I kept thinking any moment he was going to pull her bikini top over her tits, exposing them."

"Was she cute?"

"Yeah."

"She should have joined me under the waterfall. We could have put on a show together."

"Uh..."

"Speechless, huh? Maybe we'd have rubbed our tits together; you'd have liked that?"

"You wouldn't dare."

"You're right. But I bet you'll think about that now. Anyway, I got out from under the waterfall -- don't want to overstay my welcome -- and made the proper pretense of being embarrassed when I noticed my bikini top had come down. Oh, you have no idea how wet my bikini panties were at that point, and I don't mean from the waterfall. I was going to suggest going on the waterslide next, because the thought of 'accidentally' showing off my tits again was really getting me hot, but I didn't want to push my luck, so I suggested we get dressed and go on some of the rides."

"I was so disappointed."

"I know. But not for long, right?"

"Right."

"Of course when I went back to the dressing room, I realized I'd forgotten to pack any underwear, because I'd worn the bikini under my clothing. I could tell from glancing around the dressing room that I was far from the only woman who'd make the mistake. Some of them put their wet bathing suits back on and their clothing over them, which is really uncomfortable, but most just went without underwear. Like I did."

"So I noticed."

"I know you could tell right away I wasn't wearing a bra under my t-shirt, because my chest was still wet and my tits were showing through some; but could you really tell I wasn't wearing panties?"

"I was pretty sure: when we were on that-- what's the ride that's like a ski lift that takes us over the park to the other side?"

"Sky tram."

"Right. When we were on the sky tram, you were sitting across from me and I could see up the legs of your shorts?"

"My pussy was showing?"

"Well, not completely. I mean, you're shaven there, so it's hard to tell how much was showing, but enough that I could tell you weren't wearing anything underneath."

"Do you think anybody else in the car noticed?"

"Probably not. Your nipples were still poking through your t-shirt, remember. But you know... if we'd been alone, I probably would have slipped my hand up the leg of your shorts to see how close to your pussy I could get."

"I bet you would've. I should probably be grateful you only grabbed by titsoutside of my t-shirt while we we going down the log flume."

"Of course if I'd known what you'd do afterward..."

"You mean when we got off the ride and my shirt was soaked through?"

"Oh, yeah..."

"I thought it would bother me, that everybody could see my tits. But I loved it. It felt so slutty, walking through the crowds like that."

"I think everybody in the park loved it."

"Well... not everybody..."

"I bet the guard loved it too: he wasn't making a lot of eye contact. Remember how you interrupted him at one point and said 'hey, are you talking to me, or are you talking to my tits?'"

'Yeah, that got him plenty flustered. And everybody watching us didn't help matters any. 'But sir," I said so innocently, 'all these other young women are wearing t-shirts without bras, and they're wet too.'" Of course none of those t-shirts were as thin as mine, but whatever. And then he goes 'besides, miss, there's a difference between them --' and he meant that most of the other girls were kind of skinny and flat '-- and you.'"

"Well, you do have magnificent tits."

"Thanks. And I probably should have thanked him as well, because I guess that was a compliment, but of course I said 'but there's nothing I can do about it now, is there?' And he said you have a bathing suit in that bag, don't you? And I said yeah, I did, but it was all wet and it would be uncomfortable. And he said well, you're going to have to put it on, or else leave the park. And I said 'So if I change into my bikini top, you'll leave me alone?' and he said of course."

"I still can't believe you did that."

"Oh, you probably should have expected it at that point. When I pulled off my t-shirt, right there in front of the cotton candy stand, I thought he was going to have a stroke."

"And everybody else cheered."

"Yeah, that was cool. And standing there wearing nothing but a little pair of shorts? Wow. My pussy's never been that wet in my life. If you'd wanted to lean me over the cotton candy stand, strip me naked and fuck me silly, I wouldn't have told you no."

"Now you tell me. But since you seem warmed up now, so how about I strip you naked and fuck you silly right now?"

"I wouldn't say no."
