Hannah Punishes Her Little Brother, Her Naked Little Brother
by Ashley
Copyright© 2022 by Ashley

Chapter 6

When she wakes up in the morning and opens her eyes she sees Ryan about a foot away. He is awake, lying on his side, watching her sleeping, which is cute, if a little creepy. She smiles at him and he smiles back. She then feels the position she is in and peeks under the covers to check.

She must have thrown her leg over him in her sleep and her naked pussy lips are slightly open and about three inches from his, ever erect, cock. She feels a tingle in her pussy, lowers the covers, smiles at him again, and then closes her eyes.

She is in the most vulnerable, open, and erotic pose that she can think of and he hasn’t even touched her. His desire to please her and his extraordinary self control never cease to amaze her. She knows then that he would walk out in front of a bus if she asked him to, or if he thought it would please her. She lies there thinking this through while her pussy gets wetter and wetter from the proximity of his eager cock and her desire for him.

She is not actually sure what she wants to happen: if he moves away it is more proof of his devotion to her, if he moves toward her ... She desperately wants to fuck him, but knows that would be crossing a whole different line. She thinks it was Clinton who tried to claim that oral sex wasn’t actually sex and she is willing to go along with that if it helps her to justify things.

She feels Ryan’s hand on her raised knee, and he lifts it up a little. If he were to move forward and enter her now, she knows she would not stop him; she would love him to do just that and take the decision away from her.

He leans forward and kisses the end of her nose, then slips out of bed.

She manages to control herself until he leaves the room then lets out a huge breath and hugs herself tightly, curling into a little ball.

She knows in that moment that she loves him with all her heart. If he were back here now, in that same position, she would move to him, take him inside her, and fuck him joyously, but he is not, and she will have to wait a little longer.

She puts on a robe and goes down to the kitchen; Ryan is at the counter getting some cereal. She goes to him, turns him around, hugs him to her and kisses him, long and hard.

“I love you Ryan” she says. He looks overjoyed and hugs her back so tightly she thinks he might break a rib.

“You don’t know how much I’ve wanted to hear you say that” He says. She feels his penis rise between her legs, she lets him go and bends down.

“And I love you too, little guy!” and kisses him on the end of his penis squeezing it with her lips.

She takes him by the hand and leads him back up to her room. She knows that if they make love now he will not last very long, quite understandably, and she wants his first time to be perfect. She drops to her knees and takes his hard penis into her mouth, reaching round to take one his beautiful little cheeks in her hand. The other hand cups his balls and she licks and sucks on him ravenously. She wants to make this quick so they can move on the the part she is so desperately looking forward to.

She takes her hand from his ass and pushes a finger into her sopping pussy, coating it with her juices, then she returns it to his ass and seeks out his little hole, which she rubs in tiny circles.

“Oh God Hannah, that feels so good. You’re gonna make me cum if you keep that up.” Ryan says in a strangled voice.

“Hmmm” she says indistinctly; her mouth full. She continues to tease his balls and asshole, her lips tight on his shaft and her tongue licking over his glans.

She really wants to push her finger up his ass and see if she can find his prostate but, with her long nails, she is worried that she might scratch him. She makes a mental note to cut them short. Soon she feels his cock twitching in her mouth and his asshole squeezing on her fingertip. She bobs her head up and down on his cock, sucking for all she is worth and is rewarded with a mouth full of his lovely cum. His legs shake and he thrusts his cock into her mouth as he spurts over and over. She holds it in her mouth, delighted again by the taste, then swallows and licks her lips clean.

She stands up and embraces him, kissing him, their mouths wide, almost trying to devour each other. She feels him start to drop to his knees, to return the compliment she guesses, but she has other ideas, so she holds him up and moves with him to the bed.

She pushes him down on his back and straddles him. She needs him hard again, and soon. She pushes her pussy down onto his softening cock, which splits her pussy lips. She is so wet that when she moves her hips back and forth he slides gorgeously between them.

She covers his hands with hers, lifts them to her breasts and and squeezes them roughly with his hands. If she has any complaints about Ryan’s lovemaking, and she doesn’t have many, it is that he is a bit gentle; he may think she is a delicate flower made of glass. She intends dispel that notion right now; she is going to fuck him like she stole him.

When she removes her hands he continues massaging her breasts forcefully and pulling hard on her nipples; he has got the idea, and it’s so, so good.

She slides back and forth on his cock in long strokes and can feel him, touching all of her, from her asshole to her clit. He raises his head from the bed to see what she is doing and she looks too. The head of his cock is popping in and out of view between the lips of her pussy and it looks simply lovely, and it feels every bit as good as it looks.

He is rapidly hardening now and, when he is fully hard, she raises herself up, takes him in her hand, then lower herself until he is just at the entrance to her vagina. She holds there for what seems like minutes, but is probably only seconds, savouring the last few moments of restraint. Then she drops onto him and his hard, soft, throbbing cock fills her, satisfying a hunger that has been tormenting her for days now.

She rides him very hard and very joyously, his hands brutalizing her breasts and nipples exactly as she needs. She is climbing towards the peak as she feels him fill her with warm wetness and it pushes her over into an intense orgasm.

She falls onto him, kissing him, and she feels him jerking and twitching inside her, her vagina squeezing him back in response. Gradually she feels him soften and pushes her pussy against him to try to keep him inside and prolong these moments.

They lie clutched together for ages kissing and gently stroking each other, until finally he has to go to the loo.

When he has gone she lies there, utterly contented. It was a lovely fuck but she feels much more than that. For her it has cemented their relationship, in her mind they have become one. She feels complete for the first time in her life.

When she goes outside later she finds Ryan sunbathing, nude obviously, and she thinks that it seems like a very good idea. She gets the other lounger and places it facing Ryan, then takes off all of her clothes and lies down, applying lotion to her front.

She lies back and they both spend some time just feasting their eyes on each other.

If she sees his cock starting to flag, she strokes a body part, trying vary it each time: an inner thigh, vulva, nipple, lips, breast. Each time, like magic, he gets hard again; it’s just like having a remote control.

For his part he seems to be worried about getting sunburn on his genitals; he keeps applying more lotion to his cock and balls. He can’t see her arousal level like she can, but he is not too far off.

They lie like this for ages, teasing each other, keeping each other at a lovely simmering level of excitement.

At one point his penis is drooping a bit and she is just about to revive it when he speaks.

“Hannah?”

“Yes”

“Do you shave your ... vulva?” She must be doing a good job of shaving if he isn’t sure, she thinks.

“No I’m naturally bald, just like a little girl. It’s a medical thing.” She teases, and then sees his cock rise at the mention of little girls.

“Dirty, dirty boy!” She shouts and throws the lotion bottle at him. He laughs and bats it away.

“Can you shave me?” he asks a little later. “Please?”

“Of course I can! I would love to in fact.” She replies with a lecherous grin on her face.

She’s not comfortable with the idea of using a razor on him, so she goes and fetches her electric shaver, and while she’s at it, also the moisturiser that she uses on herself, to take the sting and redness out afterwards.

When she gets back she tells him to lie back and to open his legs.

“All off?” She asks, waving the razor at him.

“All off.” He replies. She proceeds to carefully and very thoroughly, shave his balls, which seems to involve more stroking than is strictly necessary, but he doesn’t seem to mind.

When she tries to do the pubes above his penis, she struggles manfully with his cock, trying to get it out of the way. Ryan is getting very exited but eventually helps out by holding it down for her; what a nice, helpful lad he is.

Then she shaves into his crack as far as she can reach, Ryan seems to really like that, just wait ‘till he finds out what’s coming next, she thinks.

When she is happy with her work, she puts the shaver to one side and strokes his balls with her fingers. None of her previous boyfriends were shaven, that she knows about anyway, and she is surprised that his tight sack feels really smooth, not at all wrinkly as she would have imagined.

As a final check she administers the ‘Tongue Test’ and runs her tongue all over his nut-sack. It feels lovely and Ryan seems to think so too, his hips are grinding back at her tongue. She stops before he gets too exited; lots more work to do yet! She gets some of the moisturiser and liberally applies it to the areas that she has shaved, and then, to be on the safe side, to his penis as well; looking a little bit sore, she kids herself. Ryan seems quite keen on this too!

“Right then, on your hands and knees, knees well apart, young man”

“You mean...?” His voice has gone a bit higher than normal.

“Oh yes! If a job’s worth doing ... and all that”

She gulps and licks her lips when she sees his beautiful ass presented to her like this, and several things come to mind other than shaving him, but she restrains herself; soon, she promises herself, soon.

She starts to shave around his asshole but he can’t keep still. She slaps him hard on one cheek.

“Keep still boy! For God’s sake.”

As she is shaving him his little asshole keeps gaping open and then shutting again, like it’s winking at her. It’s sooo cute, she has to give herself a little rub to relieve the pressure in her pussy a bit. Looking at his asshole, she knows how she wants to bring him off, to give him the maximum pleasure.

She finishes shaving him and it’s time for the ‘Tongue test’ again. She licks all around his asshole, but is careful not to touch his anus. With her other hand she reaches between his legs and starts to wank him, very slowly, the cream making it lovely and slippery.

She can feel him moving his ass around, desperately trying to get her tongue to touch his hole, but she still manages to avoid it.

She is wanking him a bit harder now, alternating between rubbing his shaft and up and over his glans.

She stops licking him and just watches his asshole. Is is gaping and closing in time with the twitches she can feel in his cock. She waits ‘till he is gaping then touches her fingertip to it’s centre, it snaps shut, gripping her finger tightly. When it releases her finger she takes it away.

Ryan is making quiet little mewling noises now and his hips have become strangely motionless. She repeats her toying of his hole, increasing the tempo of her hand on his cock. When she feels that he is about to cum, she leans forward and kisses him on his asshole over and over, and it kisses her back! When she feels the first spasm of his cock she pokes the end of her tongue between her lips and licks, just inside his asshole, for all she is worth. His little hole goes mental and his cock is writhing in her hand as he cums massively all over the sunbed.

She keeps licking the entrance to his ass until his convulsions die away, then with one final tender kiss on his darling little hole, she stands up and looks down at him fondly. He flops down, flat on his face, utterly limp.

She would have really loved to have pushed her tongue into him as far as it would go but she has had a bad experience in the past and has vowed only to do it again if the guy (or girl possibly) has cleaned themselves thoroughly. She adds a lesson on the use of douches to her plans for Ryan’s education and looks again at his asshole, hungrily; she’s sure they’ll enjoy that one.

She swiches to SM mode, as she thinks of it now, and slaps him hard on the ass. As she watches a red handprint gradually appears on his, now quite brown, firm little ass.

“Clean yourself up boy, and tidy this mess up, then come back and and see me. I’ve got something I want you to do.” Then she lies back on her own bed.

Ryan jumps up and runs around in a frenzy, he knows that SM means something good is coming. She watches him, her legs apart, her index finger running slowly up and down her lips, waiting...

When he comes back to her he stands by her bed at attention, both body and cock, what a trooper.

“You know what it’s like when you need to cum?” she asks him softly, and he nods. “Well I need that now.” As she says this she slides her ass forward on the lounger. He gets the idea and squeezes in behind her. She shuffles back until she is tight up against him, his erection between the top of her ass cheeks.

He puts his arms and legs around her tightly and she feels enveloped by him, just as she needed. He rests his head on her shoulder and watches eagerly, kissing her neck.

She needs release so urgently that she dives straight into her vagina with two fingers, she can feel how thick her labia have become and she is almost dripping wet. She does not have as much access as usual in this position, so she just curls her fingers up inside while stroking her clit with her thumb.

She can feel his cock throbbing between her cheeks and it feels lovely; she would love to feel him push it into her ass, but she does not want to move from this position, she feels so protected and safe. That will have to wait; another lesson to schedule.

She feels her orgasm building and takes Ryan’s hands and puts them onto her breasts, he immediately starts kneading them and pinching her nipples, he has learnt what she needs sometimes, good lad! She returns her hand to her pussy and attacks her cunt again, pushing in harder, trying to get deeper. She cums instantly and amazingly powerfully. She is astounded, she has never cum that suddenly before, then she realises, she must have found her G-Spot at last and laughs out loud. Ryan just kisses her neck and holds her hard against him, his arms around her breasts.

“From now on,” she says quietly, “I will only wank with you, I promise.”

They manage to kiss, awkwardly over her shoulder, and it takes some time.

They lie like that, clasped together, gently stroking each other, for what seems like hours. The spell is broken when her mobile rings. Reluctantly she picks it up; it’s her Dad.

“Hi Dad.” she says. She feels incredibly naughty talking to her Father with Ryan wrapped round her, his semi hard cock nestling between her butt cheeks. Ryan makes it worse by kissing her neck and tweaking one of her nipples. She tries to focus on what her Father is saying.

“Oh, OK. Right. See you then. Drive safely. Yeah, bye” She hangs up.

“Fuck. They’re coming back a day early. They’ll be back about ten tomorrow morning.” she tells Ryan. “We’ve got to finish all their bloody jobs before then!”

They clean themselves up, then run around in a panic trying to get everything done. The last thing she needs is for there to be a big argument about chores when they get back.

Afterwards they manage a quick bite to eat then collapse exhausted in bed together, falling asleep in each other’s arms.


