We had made our way to the master bedroom. I took a long, measured breath as I drank in the sight before me. Kat and Jess lay on the bed, giggling, each with a line of cocaine formed just above their pussy lips. Their hair was messy and damp after our romp in the pool, where they took turns giving me head until we adjourned inside, back to the cocaine-fueled fuck fest.
I leaned over Kat first, snorted the line off her, and licked her pussy once. I repeated the same treatment to Jess. They both tasted so good. We had gotten the initial excitement out of the way, and I was eager to take my new, double girlfriend existence out for a kinky spin. I had brought a bag of tricks with me, and it was time to use it.
"Bend over, girls," I said.
"But, daddy, don't we get a line, too?" Kat said in a singsong voice.
"That's why I said bend over," I told her.
"Oh, you are so dirty, I love it!" she said.
"What?" Jess inquired.
"You'll find out," Kat said. "Get ready for the best high of your life."
I prepared a booty bump for each of them. Jess watched quizzically as I inserted the medicine plunger into Kat's butt and released the contents.
"Your turn," I smiled at her. Jess saw that Kat was flying, and she smiled eagerly at me.
"Just remember to clench your cheeks and lean forward after he puts it in you," Kat suggested.
I repeated the treatment on Jess.
"Oh my god!" she exclaimed. "You were not kidding, Kat!" Jess pressed her body into the bed. Her ass cheeks jiggled invitingly. "I don't know how much coke I've done in my life, but how have I never done it this way? This is amazing! What did you call it again?"
"A booty bump," Kat said, laughing. "It helps save your nose."
"This is my new favorite," Jess said, then leaned over and kissed Kat lightly.
"Hands and knees, girls," I said. They turned around and saw me holding two jeweled butt plugs. "Time to play."
The girls put their heads down and asses up at the edge of the bed for me. I ran one butt plug across Jess's wet pussy lips, coating it before sliding it into place in her ass. She inhaled deeply and then exhaled as the plug moved inside her. She was a true student of anal, and she hadn't forgotten anything I had taught her. I repeated the same treatment on Kat, and I stood back to admire the sight before me. I couldn't choose which ass I liked better. Kat's pert, cheerleader butt was worthy of a model. Jess's thick cheeks betrayed what a true butt slut she was, capable of taking an incredible pounding.
I evaluated who to start with. I could see Jess was wet, but Kat was dripping. Her inner thighs were coated, and her lips dripped with arousal. I moved behind her and inserted my cock in one firm stroke. She gasped. I pulled out and pumped in two more times, then moved to Jess. I spanked her hard and commanded her to turn around.
"Taste her," I said, pushing my hips forward.
Jess licked my cock like an ice cream cone, savoring it.
"She has such a sweet cunt," she said. "I could eat it all day."
Finished, she kneeled again, and I put my cock inside Jess. After three strokes, I pulled out and had Kat turn around.
"Your turn," I said. "Taste Jess."
Kat obliged, enthusiastically sucking me.
"I didn't know pussy could taste so good," she confessed.
I entered Jess again and told Kat, "Be a good girl and let Jess eat your pussy." Within moments, I was bestowed with an ultimate fantasy. I stood behind Jess, her plugged ass looking up at me invitingly. I fucked her pussy quickly, as she kept her head buried in Kat's pussy, lapping at it hungrily. Kat's eyes caught mine, and she smiled a warm, loving smile. I felt unbeatable, and that wasn't just the cocaine talking.
As Kat built toward orgasm from Jess's skilled tongue, I eased the plug from Jess's ass. She knew it was coming. I easily popped past her sphincter and filled her ass with my cock. She pulled back from eating Kat's pussy just long enough to moan, "Take me. Make it rough."
I spanked her, a stinging smack against her perfect cheek, and she cried out in pleasure. Kat came against Jess's tongue, then maneuvered herself under her thighs, getting into a 69 position where they could eat each other out. Jess kept urging be on to fuck her ass harder, and I crashed our hips together with such force, I was sure we would be bruised the next day. I pulled out of her, and her ass gaped and winked. I plunged back in. Kat let her tongue wander to my balls, slathering them in the mixture of her saliva and Jess's pussy juice.
The three of us moved in harmony, performing a sexual symphony that built toward a trio of orgasms. Jess, under the double pleasure of my cock in her ass and Kat's tongue on her pussy, skyrocketed over the edge of bliss first. She begged me to cum in her ass, which led Kat to renew her attention to my balls, cupping and sucking them as I savored the friction of Jess's ass. She loved anal sex more than any woman I had ever met. Kat came loudly under the skillful assault of Jess's tongue, while Jess had a second, quick anal orgasm.
The greedy grip of Jess's asshole made it impossible for me to hold back. I grunted loudly and unleashed a torrent of cum into her ass. Kat milked my balls and said, "Fill her up, daddy! Give her more cum!"
I was spent for the moment. My cock shrank and fell out of Jess's ass. I replaced it with the butt plug again.
"Let's keep that cum inside you," I said.
"You make me feel so dirty," Jess said and kissed me. The girls still had wired eyes full of passion. They wanted more. I knew how to give it to them.
"I'm going to clean up," I said. "But why don't you two figure out something fun to do with this." I reached into my bag of tricks and produced an 18-inch double headed dildo made of red silicone.
"Oh, wow," Jess said, her eyes widened. "It's been a long time since I used one of these!" She was grinning.
"What is it?" Kat asked, cute in her relative naivete.
"Girl, you just follow my lead, and we will have some fun," I heard Jess say as I went to the bathroom to shower.
When I returned ten minutes later, my cock stirred again eagerly. Jess's blonde hair and Kat's dirty blonde were mixed together. Their tongues intertwined in a sloppy mess in between moans and screams of pleasure. Jess's porcelain skin wrapped around Kat's lightly tan skin as I drank in the sight of them in essentially a scissor position. The dildo was between them, each taking half in their respective pussies.
"I'm going to cum again!" Kat exclaimed. "Oh god! I'm cumming!"
"Oh fuck! Me too!" gasped Jess.
I fixed myself two lines of coke and snorted them, then just watched these two lithe beauties fuck each other into multi-orgasmic bliss for the next half hour. They came repeatedly. Sweat covered their bodies. A wet spot of titanic proportions took shape on the sheets. They were a blurred tangle of limbs and tongues and kisses. Occasionally, I glimpsed the jeweled ends of the butt plugs they still wore. My cock was raging hard as I took it in.
Eventually, they just gave up.
"I am so turned on right now," Kat panted, "but I need some more coke to keep going."
"God, yes please," said Jess.
I had already formed four oversized lines for them. They snorted them greedily, ready to get back to play time.
Kat looked at me with her loving, coked out eyes. "No offense, babe," she said, "but I don't know if I've ever cum that hard."
I kissed her. "I love watching you," I said.
Jess kissed me, too. "I adore the place where the three of us have ended up," she said. She kissed Kat next.
The Fates had worked magic I never believed possible. Was this my life? I didn't have time to be philosophical. As the renewed cocaine rush hit the girls, they began to rub on my cock.
"We need to thank you for getting us that amazing toy," Kat said seductively.
"You've given me a load," Jess said as she pushed me down on the bed. "You've given Kat a load. I think it's only fair that you give us a load to share next."
The girls went to either side of me and began the most exquisite double blow job I could have ever imagined. They took turns, one working my shaft, the other playing with my balls and rimming me. It was an exercise in adoration, and I loved seeing how they gave head differently. But their styles were driven by the same genuine love of sucking cock. Jess favored pornstar style dramatics, with a lot of spit and gagging and signs of submission. Kat was more loving and soft, preferring tongue and hand strokes.
For half an hour, I lay back and watched my two golden goddesses worship my cock. They took turns. They shared. They kissed each other. They kissed me. They took turns talking dirty to me. They urged each other on, raising the stakes of our remarkable threesome.
Jess went in for the kill first. Over time, along with her submissive side, she had developed a real talent for prostate massage. She snaked two fingers up my ass while Kat deep-throated my cock.
"I want you to shoot your cum like a geyser," Jess said as she worked her magic. "Cover your slut girlfriends with it. Make us fight it out for your sperm. Fucking mark us."
My head spun. The pleasure was almost too much. How had I reached this point? The cocaine high started to fade as the orgasmic high started to reach its zenith.
Kat kept her long, wet strokes deliberate, fondling my balls as Jess hit my prostate. I couldn't last. I knew it.
"Give us our reward, daddy," Kat begged. "Make your coke whores your cum sluts, too."
It felt like my orgasm was clawing its way out of my body. My hips bucked. When I passed the point of no return, Kat and Jess shared my cock. The first salvo of cum shot across the bridge of Jess's nose. The second hit Kat's cheek. They immediately closed any gaps with their tongues, covering my cock and moaning as they drank my salty nectar. I felt Jess's fingers recede. My head was light. I closed my eyes. When I reopened them a few moments later, the girls were licking the cum off of each other's faces and kissing lewdly, loudly and obviously swapping my cum.
I was panting. The sun had started to set, giving off warm, orange tones to the light in the bedroom. We were only a few hours into our weekend fuck fest, and it already was the most pleasurable experience of my life. I was in love, I realized. This was perfection.
"I need more coke," Kat announced. "We've had dessert. Let's have some dinner. And more blow. And let's just keep this going."
"I like how you think," Jess said. "I don't want this to end."
I couldn't have agreed more. This erotic circus was something I had never dreamed of. And I resolved that I would do whatever it took to keep it going for as long as I could.