"I've never seen a child so attached to a baby." Pamela's voice was weak, tired, and Martha tried to convince herself that it just meant that it was the end of a long day, and nothing else. "Alexander wanted to do everything. Feed him, diaper him, hold him. He could always get Julian to stop crying, even when Lillian or I couldn't. Lillian was thrilled; she'd been concerned that Alexander would be jealous."

Martha cocked her head, holding the phone against her shoulder as she poured her coffee. "That wouldn't have been unusual."

"Of course not. And it's what Lionel expected. What he wanted."

Martha slammed the pot back into the coffeemaker. "He wanted Lex to be jealous of Julian?"

"He wanted his sons to be devoted to him, not to each other."

Martha sank into her chair at the kitchen table. "That is…that is…" She sighed. "I'm running out of words for him."

"Start making up your own. You should have seen his face when he watched Alexander hold Julian, Martha. It was Old Testament wrath of God, let me tell you."

"Did he ever say anything?"

"The usual swill. He asked Lillian if this was how she intended to raise Alexander to manhood. She said she absolutely intended that her sons should care about each other, and if that made them less manly, then Lionel's definition of 'manly' required revision."

"Oh!" Martha couldn't help laughing. "Good for you, Lillian. I wish I'd known her better."

"So do I," Pamela said softly. "We'd have had some times, Martha, the three of us." She cleared her throat. "I wasn't in Julian's room that night; I was in Lillian's. Lionel's pet physician, and I use the term loosely, was trying to dose Lillian into oblivion again, and I was getting between them. We were both making a lot of noise, and I doubt we'd have heard Air Force One landing. But evidently, that's when it happened."

"Was Lionel in Lillian's room?"

"No. Which I confess struck me as odd at the time."

Martha felt a chill touch her shoulder blades. "Pamela—"

"A few minutes after Dr. Chambers left to complain to Lionel, we heard Alexander screaming. We ran to Julian's room. Alexander was kneeling in Julian's crib, holding Julian in his arms, screaming at him to wake up. Lillian collapsed."

"Oh, dear Christ."

"I took Julian from him, and it wasn't easy; he was crying and promising Julian he could have all his toys if he would just wake up. Julian had no pulse, and he wasn't breathing. He was blue around the mouth."

"Pamela, that's—"

"I laid Julian on the floor and started doing mouth-to-mouth and CPR. Alexander was still kneeling inside the crib, begging me to help Julian. That's when Lionel showed up with Dr. Chambers."

"What did he do?" Martha whispered.

"He told Chambers to take over. And then he turned to Alexander and shouted at him 'What did you do? Haven't I told you over and over not to pick him up? What have you done?' He hauled him out of the crib, and dumped him on the floor."

Martha could hear the tears in Pamela's voice; she could feel them on her own face. Lex. Oh, God, if she'd known that, she'd have scratched Lionel Luthor's eyes out with a broken wine glass. She would have. She would.

"Still with me?" Pamela's voice was very quiet.

"Yes," Martha said, wiping away tears.

"No one was seeing to Lillian, so I went to her and managed to get her sitting up. She was hysterical. I called to Lex to come to us, but Lionel stopped him. He said 'Let him see what he's done. Let him see what happens when he doesn't listen to me.'"

Conditioned response. Conditioned response. Martha couldn't say anything.

"It was then that Eli showed up."

"Eli?"

"We were all going to the christening the next day. Eli was going to bodyguard Lillian, so he'd been sleeping downstairs in the servants' quarters. He grabbed Alexander and brought him to me, then picked up Lillian and carried her back to her room. I gave her a mild sedative." Pamela paused. "Chambers pronounced fifteen minutes later."

"I'm…I'm so sorry, Pamela."

Pamela sighed. "I don't think Alexander ever fully recovered from that night. I know Lillian didn't."

"And Lionel?"

"Was a pillar of strength," Pamela said, in a voice so full of venom that Martha flinched. "You have to admire a man who can attend a Board meeting the day after his two-month-old son dies."

"And the coroner said it was SIDS?"

"The coroner said what Chambers told him to say."

Martha stiffened. "But the autopsy—"

"There was none."

"Pamela, that's required by law, you can't just—"

"Have you forgotten who we're talking about?"

Martha leaned on the table, feeling like she'd run a marathon. "No. No, I haven't."

"I was no forensic pathologist, Martha. Or a pediatrician, for that matter. But my med school was just as prestigious as Chambers'. I knew my stuff. And if I'd had to testify in a court of law, I'd say that child was suffocated." 

Martha leaned her head on her hand.

"Do you believe in an afterlife, Martha?"

"Yes," Martha said thickly. "I do."

"I thought you would." Pamela's voice went ugly. "I wonder if Lionel does."

***

"How do you do it?" Pete whispered in Chloe's ear. "How do you talk me into sneaking around these creepy places in the dark? Is it some kind of girl-whammy or—"

Chloe grimaced and shoved him away, her back pressed to the equipment shed she was certain was infested with black widows and recluse spiders. It would be just her luck. "Quiet," she hissed. "Just because it's dark doesn't mean Cole isn't here." Glancing about at the dilapidated outbuildings, she saw no sign of life. Rusting equipment and oil drums littered the ground, illuminated by a pale moon. Cole hadn't had steady work in years, but things must have been bad for him long before that to turn this place into the Metropolis City Dump.

"The sheriff's been out here. The newspapers have been out here. Even Max has been out here, and—"

Chloe swung around to look at him, surprised. "Who told you Max was out here?"

Pete looked smug. "I saw him report to Lugosi when he got back to school, when we were all piling into our cars."

"And?"

Pete shrugged. "He handed him a W-2, said Cole's place should be condemned by the Health Department, Lugosi gave him The Look, and that was it. Chloe, what is with the Eddie Cole obsession? What does he have to do with anything?"

"It's a hunch," Chloe said archly. "Reporters get hunches."

"Reporters get arrested and sent to Our Lady of Perpetual Sorrows, and their friends get sent to Beat You Twice a Day Military Academy."

"Wuss. Don't you get it? Whitney was talking about Clark's crash. How the hell would he know about that?"

"He was drunk."

"And being drunk, what, gives him visions of the past or something?"

"He was drunk, Chloe. That's it. He's a drunk who may or may not have been working over at Lionel Luthor's looney tank, depending on whether he was lying to Lana or not."

"And since when does Whitney Fordman drink gin? Since when does he know how to fly a plane?"

"You think Eddie Cole taught him how to fly his plane and drink gin?"

"Do you have a better theory?"

"Sure. My theory is it's better to go home and watch TV then to get shot for trespassing."

Chloe suppressed her annoyance and lowered her voice. "My theory is that Eddie Cole was crop dusting when the meteor shower hit, and he saw Bessie. Now are you going to come with me, or hide here with the rest of the arachnids?"

Before she could take a step into the open, a strong hand clapped across her mouth and she was dragged down to her knees in the shadows. A frantic glance in Pete's direction told her that he was getting the same treatment; in any other situation, she would have paid cash money to see Pete with his mouth sealed shut, but this wasn't her idea of entertainment.

Before she could even think about struggling, a familiar voice spoke in her ear, pitched so low that she could barely hear it. "Miss Sullivan. Mr. Ross. I see I must take your training in hand, or your ghastly surveillance technique will be the death of us all. Kindly keep your voices low. I could have shot you six times in the past five minutes. Blindfolded." Eli removed his hands slowly, ignoring Pete's dirty look, and pointed, his arm close to his body, toward the ramshackle house several yards away.

At first, Chloe saw nothing; but as her eyes grew accustomed to the darkness, she saw someone pacing back and forth past the windows. A man. "There's someone in there," she whispered in as tiny a whisper as she could manage.

"Cole?" Pete breathed.

"No. It is Mr. Fordman. I followed him here from his house." Eli paused, giving Pete a sidewise glance. "Miss Lang is with him. You are fortunate indeed that he is distracted, and did not hear you shouting so that my uncle's eucalyptus trees on the Golan Heights could hear you."

"I was not—"

"They are very sensitive, the eucalyptus trees."

"Why is Whitney here?" Chloe asked softly, deciding to cut the lecture on horticulture short.

"Undetermined. But it would appear that he is meeting someone."

"Now how the hell do you know that?" Pete demanded in an undertone.

Eli pointed again, this time toward the woods along the lane. Chloe turned to look, then froze. Something was moving among the trees, something that glowed a neon green. It was impossible to tell if it was a man or a woman; the outline of the form was broken, not by the trees around it, but by black space, if there were parts missing, parts that shifted as the figure strode nearer and nearer to the house.

"What—" Pete choked. "Who—"

Eli made a furious gesture across his throat as the figure stepped out of the trees and strode with the confidence of familiarity toward the house. Chloe stared, hands over her mouth (just in case), as whoever-or-whatever walked up to the door and through it. It took her a full second to realize that the door was closed. It had walked through the door itself.

Oh, this day just sucked so hard. It had started sucking the minute she'd dropped her toothbrush in the toilet this morning and it had just slid right up the suck-scale ever since. She became dimly aware that Pete had hunkered down on the ground.

"I do believe in spooks. I do believe in spooks, I do, I do, I do, I do…."

"Silence." Eli adjusted the straps of his backpack. "Stay here."

"What the hell was that?" Pete hissed, raising his head to stare at the house. "Damn it, Lugosi, start talking."

Chloe could see the green glow moving around the house inside, close to the man they had seen before, but she couldn't hear a thing. What she needed was a decent audio surveillance set-up. She bet Lex could get her one. "Mr. Cohen, what—"

Eli took off, and Chloe watched in disbelief as he became no more than a shadow, flitting from one moon-cast shadow to another in perfect silence. "Ohhh," she whispered, as Eli reached the side of the house near the window where they had seen the man and the…whatever. He blended seamlessly into the shadows there. "Oh, he has got to teach me that. Come on."

Pete looked at her wearily. "You're whacked," he said calmly. "No, really, you're whacked. We just saw the Human Glow-Worm walk through a fucking wall and you want to get closer?"

"Stay here if you want." Chloe crouched as low as she could and started darting from shadow to shadow, following Eli's path as closely as she could until she reached the wall of the house. She peered into the darkness on either side of her, trying to spot him, but he was nowhere to be seen. She nearly jumped out of her skin as a hand gripped her shoulder.

"Not in forty years have I met a young lady so averse to following simple instructions," Eli breathed in her ear. "Say nothing. Do nothing. The situation is—" Eli paused as a voice rose inside the house.

"Nothing. You got nothing! How the hell could you have nothing, you've been watching them for weeks!"

Chloe knew the voice, but it wasn't Whitney. Damn it, she knew that voice. Who was that?

"Where are the pictures?"

"The old man took my camera and broke it." Whitney sounded scared. He should be scared, being yelled at by some glow-in-the-dark guy in a deserted house in the middle of nowhere. What the hell was he doing here? "It wasn't my fault!"

"Oh, nothing's your fault, is it? You want to stay this way? You like the company you're keeping in your own skull these days?"

Oh, my God. She did know that voice. Groping for her keys in her jacket pocket, she pulled them out and turned on the tiny light on the end of the fob. Even in that light, she could see Eli's furious expression, but she hastily scribbled the word 'HAMILTON' in the dirt at their feet, waited a second to see Eli's grim reaction, and turned it off again.

"He's taking over." The panic in Whitney's voice was palpable. "I don't have much time!"

"Then you'd better get moving. You'd better tell me what I need to know. There's only one man who can help both of us, and only one reason he will. You need to bring me Clark Kent."

Chloe managed not to make a sound, barely. Oh, God, they had to warn Clark. They had to…

"We should just grab Luthor."

"Grab Lionel Luthor. The man with a private army of security guards guarding him night and day. I don't think so. We'll stick with my plan."

"Clark's guarded night and day, too!"

"By one pathetic old man." Chloe could have sworn she heard Eli chuckle. "No one's guarded every minute of every day when they have one bodyguard. Find the hole in their schedule."

"Even if I got him alone, he can take me."

"Don't waste my time. I've given what you need to bring him down. Do it."

"You don't know that Luthor will help us if we give him Clark. You're guessing."

"You don't want to provoke me right now."

"Just like you were guessing when you told me to kill Cole. It didn't stop him! It only made him stronger! You don't know what the fuck you're talking about!"

"Doctor, no!" 

Chloe barely recognized Lana before the screaming started. Whitney's screaming. Unable to restrain herself, she raised herself on her knees and peered over the windowsill. In the split second before Eli yanked her down again, she saw Whitney convulsing like a fish on a line, his chest impaled by Hamilton's glowing green arm. Chloe could see his hand protruding from Whitney's back as portions Hamilton's face, twisted by a grim smile, faded between virulent green and opaque black.

Chloe clutched Eli's arm, her eyes pinched shut, her body curled against the horror.

"I know when Clark will be alone!" Lana was screaming, now. "I know when you can take him, I've seen it!"

Whitney's screaming ended abruptly; a soft thud of a body hitting the floor made Chloe flinch.

"You'd better be right this time, girl, because you have been goddamn useless so far."

"Tomorrow afternoon." Lana was crying. "At his house. There won't be anybody else there."

"There's always someone else there!"

"Not tomorrow afternoon. You'll see. He'll be there alone. I swear."

"We'll see. I want…what the hell is that?"

For one fraction of a second, Chloe's heart skipped; she was certain that this psycho had seen them, heard them, smelled them, for God's sake, who knew? She opened her eyes, but was grabbed from another direction; it was all she could do not to scream.

"There's a chopper coming," Pete hissed in her ear. "It's got fucking search lights on it, and since the only people around here who own choppers are named Luthor, maybe we should get the hell out of here so we don't, you know, die?"

Chloe listened, heard the rotors, and shot a wild look over her shoulder. She could see the helicopter, its brilliant lights swiveling this way and that as they swept the ground, searching for God knew what. She whirled toward Eli, who – goddamn it, he was not sitting there with binoculars looking at this black monster thing in the sky that was coming their way very, very fast. He was not. Didn't they have enough to deal with? "Mr. Cohen," she snapped, almost relieved at the sound of the rotors, because, damn, all that whispering did not come naturally, "Don't you think it's time to go?"

"Dr. Hamilton appears to think so," Eli said calmly, jerking his head in the direction of the lane, where Chloe managed to spot Dr. Glow-Be-Gone moving through the trees very fast indeed. Whitney was staggering down the lane, leaning heavily on Lana. "Well. This I do not see every day. An Apache helicopter, with none of the requisite registration numbers, carrying a generous complement of Hellfire missiles."

"Missiles?" Chloe fairly shrieked, leaping to her feet.

"Oh, relax, Chloe. It's probably just a training flight out of McConnell." Pete actually looked relieved. "At least it's not Karloff or Asshole Senior."

"I should make no rash assumptions, Mr. Ross." Eli put away his binoculars and slung his backpack over his shoulder. "In fact, I should run." Eli took off in the opposite direction from Hamilton, Whitney and Lana, and plunged into the woods at the side of the house, moving so quickly that Chloe and Pete had trouble keeping up with him.

"Why are we running?" Pete panted, obviously annoyed.

"Why would a fully armed military attack helicopter be operating with search lights and no tail numbers on a training flight?" Eli returned rather testily.

"I give up. When?"

"When it is not a military attack helicopter on a training flight. Do not be obtuse, Mr. Ross."

"Why the search lights, then?" The sound of automatic weapons fire from a short distance away made Pete yelp and run faster.

"Night vision equipment is so expensive," Eli said dryly, pulling both Pete and Chloe into a shallow gully that offered shelter from both the chopper and the house. "And lights are so festive, yes? They give the aircraft that little something when one is attempting to hunt someone down and slaughter them like a mad dog."

Chloe sat with her knees drawn to her chest, trying not to let her teeth chatter. "Whitney. Lana." Oh, God, let them run fast, let them hide, let them get away from this nightmare.

"Or our Technicolor friend, Dr. Hamilton. It is difficult to know whom the target is when one does not know who is shooting."

"Oh, come on!" Pete snapped. "The only people around here who could pull this off are Luthor and his—"

A series of high-pitched whines concussed the air, causing the treetops to flail wildly.

"Down." Eli forced them both to the ground. "Close your eyes, cover your ears and open your mouths."

Chloe wanted so badly to say something snarky about that, but her brain seemed disconnected from her mouth, and in the next second a world of noise and white blindness and heat sent her rolling in a small ball to the bottom of the gully.

***

"Can't sleep?" Martha's arms went around him, and Jonathan sighed in relief and turned to her, relishing her warmth.

"No. I can't get that damn phone call out of my head."

"Try to think of something pleasant."

"I've tried that," Jonathan murmured in her ear. "Something pleasant turned me down."

"You've had enough excitement for one day, mister," Martha said tartly, but he could see she was fighting a smile. "Pleasant and otherwise."

Jonathan snorted and rested his head on her shoulder, trying to drop off, but it was no use. That voice – those voices – rang as clearly in his head as if they were in the room with him. "Martha," he said quietly. "It wasn't just a crank call, was it?"

"I want you to sleep."

"I want you to tell me the truth."

Martha pulled her gaze from the ceiling to look him in the eye. "I don't think so."

"That memory transfer mad scientist crap of Luthor's you were telling me about. Eddie is…in Whitney's head?"

"Probably." Martha took his hand between both of hers.

"And what he said about…the woodpile?"

"It may be true, Jonathan."

Jonathan sighed. "I didn't like the son of a bitch, but I wouldn't wish that on him."

"I know you wouldn't."

Jonathan studied her. "I don't suppose you and Pamela have figured out who killed him."

Martha grimaced. "This is a really goddawful conversation to be having in the middle of the night, even for a woman with a chariot."

"Come on, Boudicca, let's hear it."

"It's not that much of a mystery," Martha said gently. 

Jonathan's mind rebelled at the idea. "Good God, Martha, he's just a boy."

"Whitney's not in his right mind, Jonathan. Lord only knows what he was thinking. But if that body is ever found, Ethan is going to have questions for him. It doesn't look good."

"This could not come at a worse time for that family." Jonathan thumped the mattress with his fist. "Christ, Martha, is there anyone the Luthors haven't fucked over?"

Martha regarded him with raised eyebrows.

Jonathan scowled. "You know I meant Lionel and the science experiment."

"Lex's name is still Luthor."

"Well, his name may be Luthor, but he's no more Lionel Luthor's son than I am."

Martha laughed softly and drew him closer. "Tell me whose son he is."

"You know perfectly well whose son he is," Jonathan said softly, kissing her. "And if you hadn't fed him that damn chicken soup, it would never have happened."

***

Clark became vaguely aware that his phone was ringing at around 3:30 in the morning, and swore at it.

"Normal boyfriends," Lex murmured sleepily in his ear. "No trauma until sunrise."

"It might be Mom," Clark muttered, groping in his jeans, still lying inside out on the floor. He found the phone and flipped it open. "Hello?"

"Don't hang up."

Clark's eyes flew open. He opened his mouth to say something obscene, then remembered that Lex had had too few moments of peace as it was. "You have the wrong number."

"You're in danger! Hamilton's gone completely insane, and—"

Clark turned off the phone and dropped it, draping his arms around Lex.

Lex was silent for all of two seconds. "What did he want?"

"Wrong number."

"Clark. What did Karloff want?"

Aw, shit. "The usual. To warn me that I'm in terrible danger. How did you know it was him?"

"From the look on your face," Lex said softly. "What else did he say?"

"Something about Hamilton going insane. Like he wasn't already. What's he up to?"

"Something sadistic and overcomplicated, I imagine. I'll get you a new phone. "

"So you're not worried."

Lex chuckled and stroked Clark's hair. "That's your main concern?"

"You're always my main concern."

Lex's face softened; he leaned over and kissed Clark gently. 

"Lex," Clark murmured. "You know you can tell me anything, right?"

Lex swallowed. "Normal boyfriends."

"Please, Lex. Talk to me. You said—"

Lex rolled on top of Clark, his kisses becoming more insistent, his hands becoming more demanding, and Clark's heart sank. Looked like Lex would be hating his guts after all.

***

Eli flipped his cell phone shut. "Ms. Teskey tells me that all is quiet at Alexander's house."

Martha let loose the breath she'd been holding. "Thank God."

"It was…it was like a war zone," Chloe said dazedly. 

Martha curled her hands around Chloe's and lifted her cup of chamomile tea to her lips. "Drink."

"Never heard anything so loud," Pete muttered. "And there was nothing left. Everything on Cole's property, just burned to the ground."

Martha refilled his cup of tea, trying not to let her shaking hands show. Attack helicopters. This was not something Boudicca could handle.

"Very effective," Eli said gently, taking the tea pot from Martha and drawing her a chair. "Please sit down, Martha."

"I'm fine." Martha sat down anyway.

"There is no 'fine' here tonight."

Martha glanced at Jonathan, who was busy scribbling in his notebook. "Jonathan, what on earth are you doing?"

"Taking notes." Jonathan shot Eli a look. "An Apache with no tail numbers?"

"And Hellfire missiles," Eli added, looking amused. "You are writing a book, Jonathan?"

"A comic book."

"I can think of no expression of creativity more suited to this situation."

"Will you two please be serious for two minutes?" Martha slapped her hand on the kitchen table, wincing when both Pete and Chloe jumped. "Do your parents have any idea where you are?"

"We, uh, told them we were spending the night here, hanging with Clark," Pete said, looking more than a little sheepish. "Of course, we wouldn't have had to do that if spy chick here hadn't dragged me—"

"I had a hunch," Chloe said, all determined defiance. "And I was right."

"What right? The only connection I saw was between Grand Dragon Fordman and the Man-Sized Glow Worm."

Jonathan sighed, scribbling away. "It really does write itself."

Martha snatched the pen from his hand. "Jonathan Kent! In case you've forgotten, there are two children missing out there."

Jonathan grimaced and rubbed his eyes. "All right, all right. I'm barely awake here. Give me a second."

"They got away," Chloe said hopefully. "I mean, they were pretty far down the lane when…" She trailed off and bit her lip. "I wish I hadn't been so bitchy to Lana when she came to me. If I'd known all the trouble she was in…." Chloe's eyes filled and she blinked rapidly, folding her arms across her chest.

Pete stared out the window. "They were shooting at them from the copter."

"As soon as it gets light enough, we'll run the roads up there and see if we can find them," Jonathan said quietly. "They probably took cover in the woods, and if I were them, I'd still be hiding."

"Someone closer to Eddie Cole's place than we are must have heard the explosions," Martha said wearily, stealing Jonathan's cup of coffee. "Someone must have called Ethan. He's probably out there right now."

Eli snorted, pouring himself a cup of coffee. "The sheriff has been so effective dealing with such things in the past, yes? Glowing green men and Hellfire missiles should be nothing."

"Chloe, the bed upstairs in the guestroom is made up," Martha cut in, silencing Eli with a look. "Pete, you can have Clark's room."

"Sounds great, Mrs. K. Thanks." Pete pulled himself out of his seat and wandered up the stairs, yawning. 

Chloe watched him go, then returned her gaze to Eli. "You think they're dead, don't you?" she asked in a flat, exhausted voice.

Eli regarded her gravely. "It is possible. It is also possible that they survived. Dr. Hamilton may have been the intended target."

"Eli. Enough," Martha said firmly, guiding Chloe out of her chair and toward the stairs.

"This is what it's been like for you, hasn't it?" Chloe stumbled on a step, and Martha steadied her, leading her up. "Ever since December."

"Pretty much, off and on." Martha made an effort to keep her voice light as she flipped on the light in the guest room.

Chloe stared at her. "I don't know how you do it. I didn't think about what it would really be like. I thought it would be just…you know, an adventure or something. I never thought about people really…dying."

"Nobody's died tonight, sweetie." God willing. Martha put a hand on her shoulder as Chloe sank to sit on the bed. "I'm sure Jonathan's right. Whitney and Lana are probably still hiding in the woods. We'll find them, or the sheriff will."

"Until the next time Karloff or Mr. Luthor goes crazy and decides to blow something up."

Martha knelt in front of her and slipped off her muddy shoes. "You're exhausted, Chloe. You can't see things clearly right now. I want you to try to put this out of your mind and sleep."

"Mrs. Kent. I don't know if I can do this." Chloe's voice broke, and Martha sat beside her and put an arm about her shoulders. "Mr. Cohen talks all the time about being soldiers…"

"Eli Cohen talks too much," Martha said tartly. She gentled her voice. "You're not a soldier, Chloe. And no one expects you to be. Do you hear me?"

Chloe looked at her with tears in her eyes. "But Clark needs us."

"Clark needs your friendship, not your combat skills. And that goes for Pete, too; I don't care how tough he thinks he is."

Chloe actually smiled, evidently amused at the idea of Pete being tough. "I guess I'm not as tough as I thought I was, either."

"Oh, honey," Martha said wryly. "You never find out how tough you are until you're sure you aren't."

***

Clark rolled over, groping for Lex, but found nothing but pleasantly warm sheets. Sighing, he forced his eyes open. Dawn's first light was filling the room; the clock read 5:50. Listening carefully, Clark could hear the shower running downstairs. Lex's meeting with his father wasn't until ten, but damn if he wasn't up already, getting ready for more goddamn abuse. Fine.

Suddenly and thoroughly angry, Clark swung out of bed and threw his clothes on, then groped under the bed for the laptops. He pulled out Lionel's and pushed it aside impatiently. If what he was looking for had been in there, Lex wouldn't have let him anywhere near the screen. It had to be Karloff's. Clark yanked it from under the bed, staring at it like it was a rattlesnake. It wasn't like Lex was even trying to hide them, for God's sake.

Or maybe he just trusted Clark not to look. Not to go behind his back. Not to break his word.

Aw, God. 

No. No, dammit, there was no other way. Clark opened the laptop and turned it on, waiting impatiently as it began to boot up.

***

"My blood pressure is fine," Jonathan hissed, shooing Moira away with one hand and holding onto the phone with the other. "No, still here, Ethan. My doctor thinks she knows something I don't."

"House call this early? That's what I call service."

"Maybe it's what you call service. It's what I call harassment. Damn it, woman, I'm on the phone!"

Martha, passing on her way into the kitchen, smacked him on the side of the head. "Manners," she said, as if she were talking to Clark.

"Yes, Jonathan," Moira said sweetly, securing the cuff around his arm. "Manners."

Ethan's laugh grated in Jonathan's ear. "Sounds like you've got your hands full."

"You could say that." Jonathan gave Moira his dirtiest look and then decided to ignore the she-Eli.

"You seriously didn't hear anything?"

"Not a damn thing. Slept right through it. What caused it? Did Eddie—"

"Bad news there." Ethan's tone sobered abruptly. "We found some remains. They've got dog tags, but we can't read them – melted right into the…well, you get the idea."

Jonathan closed his eyes. Chalk up one more life taken by Lionel Luthor. A fucked-up life, but still. "Yeah, he flew in Desert Storm."

"I don't suppose you still have his brother's number in Metropolis?"

"We probably have it somewhere around here. Damn, Ethan, what happened? Propane tank?" He was getting much too good at lying.

"Jonathan, there is a goddamn hole in the ground where that house used to be. If I didn't know better, I'd say someone came in here and took this place out."

"If you didn't know better."

"There are scattered reports of an unidentified aircraft in the vicinity last night."

"You are kidding me. What are you thinking? One of the boys at McConnell missed the target range or something?"

"God only knows. So you didn't see anything?"

"Nope. No suspicious characters lurking in the bushes?"

"If only my job were that easy. We'll do a sweep, but I doubt there's anything to find. I, um, don't suppose you've heard from your friend Lionel Luthor recently? We haven't been able to reach him."

Jonathan straightened in his chair, ignoring Moira exasperated expression as she pulled off the cuff. "Luthor? No, why? Has he taken up demolition in his spare time?"

"He put in a bid for this place. It's going into foreclosure, you know. Eddie hadn't made his payments in months. Now before you ask what Luthor would want with a dump like this—"

"Maybe he's into other cockroaches."

"—I don't have a clue. Just one of those little details that bug the shit out of me in the middle of the night."

"Well, if you decide to arrest the SOB, let me know so I can laugh myself sick."

Ethan started laughing. "Will do. If you see anything odd up your way, let me know, okay?"

"Absolutely. I'll give you a call as soon as we find that number." Jonathan hung up and sighed, glancing over at Martha. "They found him."

Martha came into the living room and sat down. She didn't say anything.

"Under the woodpile?" Moira asked in an acerbic tone.

"I don't think there was much left of the woodpile or anything else, Moira," Jonathan snapped.

"Those children," Martha said unevenly. "What if—"

"If anyone can find them, it's Eli and Max," Moira said confidently.

"I should be out help—" Jonathan began, then found himself staring at the ceiling as Martha flipped his recliner all the way back.

"I didn't hear that, Jonathan Kent." She stood over him, glaring. 

Jonathan glared back, pretending not to hear Moira snicker.

***

"Surprise. I left you some hot water." Lex took the steps two at a time. "I'm thinking we should get over there early and…" He froze on the top step, staring at the figure sitting cross-legged on the floor with an open laptop in front of him.

Clark raised his eyes from the screen; they were wet.

Lex felt the blood drain from his face; his legs were ridiculously heavy as he took the final steps into the room. He felt stark naked, even with boxers on. He stared at Clark for a full ten seconds before he found his voice. "What the hell do you think you're doing?"

"Done." Clark's voice wobbled as he snapped the laptop shut. "I'm done. You can have it back. I've read everything."

Lex groped for words. "You went behind my back."

Clark swallowed. "I know. I'm sorry. But you—"

"I don't want to hear it." Lex swung away, toward the wardrobe. "I have a meeting to prepare for, so if you'll excuse me—"

Something flew past his ear, and Lex gasped, whirling toward the sound of an impact. The laptop was imbedded several inches deep in the plaster of the wall beside the wardrobe; it quivered there as if it were as shocked as Lex was. Lex turned back to Clark; he was on his feet, all flushed face and fiery eyes. It was the first time Clark had ever looked like an alien to him.

"You asshole." Clark's voice shook. "You stupid asshole. Why didn't you tell me?"

"I did tell you," Lex said coldly. "But if you're referring to the details in Karloff's little journal—"

"The details? Jesus Christ, Lex! You're getting details from Karloff?"

"I assure you, they're correct in every respect. I am, after all, his source."

"You're lying. You're even lying to yourself. I can't believe you fucking did this. You put all of us through hell. We've been scared to death for you for weeks because you wouldn't fucking talk to us, and it's all—"

"You should be scared." Lex felt himself smile, and knew that control was no longer an option. "Now you know what I'm capable of. Now you all know what my father has known since I was seven years old."

Clark stared at him, clearly aghast.

Lex smiled some more. "Can you imagine, Clark? I always thought it was an accident. Until Karloff provided me with proof to the contrary. Proof from my own mind. No accident. I'm better than that. I'm a true Luthor prodigy."

Clark drew breath and started again. "Pamela doesn't believe that crap, and she was there. I don't believe it either."

Lex's breath caught in his throat. He stopped smiling. No. Clark wouldn't have done that. Not Pamela. "You talked to Pamela."

Clark looked even angrier. "Yes! I talked to Pamela. Why the hell didn't you?"

Lex had a brief, shocking vision of strangling his boy with eyes of flame. "You broke your word to me. You'd do that to me, to her—"

"What the hell do you think you've been doing to her? She's been up night and day trying to figure out what's wrong, trying to fix it, because she loves you like her own son. Look. I'm sorry I broke my promise, I'm sorry. But you can't expect us to just stand by and watch you self-destruct over some fucking trick of Lionel Luthor's—"

"This has nothing to do with my father. I've told you that before. The fantasy's over, Clark. This is reality. Deal with it."

A blur of dark hair and amber eyes materialized in front of him; angry hands took him by the shoulders and shoved him up against the wall. "Oh, God, I could slug you right now," Clark said, breathless and broken. "How can you be such a genius and such a moron at the same time?"

"I'm sorry if what you read behind my back upset you." Lex took no trouble to conceal his sneer.

Clark shoved him against the wall again. "Don't even go there. It's a lie, Lex. Christ, it's such an obvious lie—"

"And I'll tell you again it isn't. I was there, too, and every action, every word spoken—"

"Not every action. No. That part's a lie, Lex."

"What makes you think so? That I managed to deceive a bunch of naïve hicks into believing I'm a decent human being? Hardly a challenge."

"That's not going to work." Clark shoved him against the wall again for emphasis, but there were tears in his eyes, and Lex was glad. He was glad. And he'd never hated himself more.

Clark locked eyes with him for a moment. "'I took a piece of twelve-inch-square plastic wrap from the kitchen—'"

"No," Lex snarled, trying, and failing, to break Clark's grip. 

"'I made certain that everyone was distracted. Then I entered his room. Julian was asleep—'"

"Shut up, just shut the fuck up! I know what it says."

"Why should this bother a cold-blooded murderer like you? 'I bent over the side of the crib; the top rail dug into my stomach, but I didn't care. Lowering it would make too much noise. I pressed the plastic over Julian's face—'"

"That's enough!" Lex was shocked to realize that he was shouting. "I don't want to hear—"

"'He struggled, and tried to cry, but it didn't last long. I had saved him.'"

"You fucking bastard." Lex shoved at Clark, and Clark let himself be pushed away. "Do you think I don't have every word of that memorized?" He was breathing too hard and made a desperate, pointless attempt to regain his composure.

"Then you're even more stupid than I thought," Clark said in a fury; God, he sounded like Jonathan. "Taking Karloff's word for anything—"

"Have you forgotten who Karloff is? Those are my memories."

"Memories which you didn't even have until you read this! You still don't have them, do you?"

"It's not uncommon to block memories of a traumatic event. Any competent shrink will—"

"A competent shrink is who sent me here."

Lex swallowed, trying to get his breathing under control.

"How old were you when Julian died?"

Enough of this. Lex turned away and grabbed a shirt from the wardrobe. "You know damn well how old I was."

"How tall were you?"

Startled, Lex turned back to Clark, half in and half out of his shirt. "What?"

Clark stared back at him, his eyes still threatening a wildfire. "How tall were you? Because when I was seven, the top railing of my old crib came up to my neck. Bending over it would have been a neat trick."

Lex froze. No. That had to be wrong. "I must have…stood on something…."

"Strange that with all this detail about the size of the plastic and the timing and the shade of blue—"

"Shut up!"

Clark's voice was wobbling unsteadily. "—that standing on something wouldn't be mentioned."

Lex put on his shirt, mechanically buttoning each button with great care, his mind flitting from one impossibility to another. "I think it would be best if you left now."

"So tell me, Lex. When you were going behind our backs to talk to your father, did he ever tell you whose memories got downloaded into Karloff the second time?"

Lex turned to face Clark very slowly. "This recent and unhealthy obsession with my father you're developing—"

"Did he?" Clark's voice was low and persistent; his expression feral. "Did he tell you about discrete matrices, and how long they stay that way? No, I'll bet he didn't. I'll bet you didn't even ask, did you?"

"What is this thing you have going on with my father, Clark?"

"Because you were all alone, and he had you right where he wanted you." Clark swallowed visibly. "God, Lex, can't you see—"

"I see. I see you're developing a private vendetta with my father that has nothing to do with me and everything to do with your family's history with him."

Clark stared at him blankly.

"Am I just a way to get to my father, Clark?" Lex hurled the snarled, irrational accusation, knowing what it was and not caring, because it would make this stop. It had to fucking stop, because he couldn't stand one more word. "Whose side are you really on? Do you—"

A gust of wind, the sound of shattering glass and the whine of twisted metal silenced him. He found himself staring at the battered French doors that led to the balcony, swinging drunkenly on their broken hinges, and the small blue blur disappearing into the morning sky, while his last words were still on his tongue.

"—really give a damn?" Lex whispered to the damage, sinking to sit on the floor.