Bringing Out Her Wild Side
by k2211

The quiet country girl turned out to be anything but quiet.

"He's here again Alec," June said.

"Who's here honey?" I asked.

"That man from the past couple of weeks, he's back staring at me," June replied.

"Well you are the hottest bit of ass in the place," I told her, "All the men are staring at you."

June blushed slightly, she didn't mind being stared at, in fact she enjoyed being the centre of attention. It was more for my benefit that she mentioned it, in case I hadn't noticed her admirer.

"You would like him to fuck you wouldn't you?" I said more as a statement of fact than a question.

I already knew the answer.

June and I have been together for 5 years, I'm 40 and she's 25. With a little encouragement at first I soon developed some kinky little habits in June and as time went by these habit grew.

June was from a small country town, the furthest she had been away from home was a trip to the neighbouring town 10 miles away. Her future as she saw it was her mother's life, married to a local boy, popping out babies, being a loving, dutiful wife. Not that she saw anything wrong with her mother's life, her mother was happy, her grandmother who lived the same way was happy but June just felt that she wanted something more, something different.

I was sent there by my company to look around the area as part of an expansion strategy, we were looking for cheap land to buy. I met her in a little diner where she worked, truth be told if it wasn't for her I probably wouldn't have gone there in the first place and definitely wouldn't have gone back a second time.

The first time I saw June was when she was walking down the street to the diner, her lovely long legs caught my eye, she was in a pair of high heals and wearing tight short shorts. She headed into the diner, I wanted a closer look and decided to follow her.

I couldn't see her when I walked in, I took a seat scanning the room for her. I was pleasantly surprised when she found me, June was a waitress in the diner, she stood in front of me waiting to take my order.

Again her legs caught my attention first, my eyes slowly moved up her body, she had nice size hips, perfect to grab on to, a slim waist and she was wearing a tight white blouse, the fabric so thin it was virtually see through. It was only buttoned to the middle of her breast and it looked like that button was ready to pop off any minute, she had large firm breast with pronounced nipples, even more noticeable as the diner's name was written above one and her name written above the other.

When she turned around after taking my order I got to admire her ass, it was a firm peachy ass that just begged for you to grab and squeeze it.

Overall a beautiful piece of eye candy to make up for lousy food.

Over the next few days we chatted, after that I took her out a couple of times in town before going further a field, taking her places she's never been, showing her things she's never seen, giving her a whole new experience of life.

To her I was a knight in shiny armour that had come to rescue her from a life of boredom.

I was only meant to stay five weeks, I managed to get an extension to eight. As I prepared to leave June begged to come with me. Her parents weren't happy and vowed to disown her if she left, she didn't care.

"Please Alec, I'm desperate take me, I'll die if you leave me here," she begged,

"You understand if you come with me there's no turning back?" I said.

"I don't care, I'll do anything to be with you," she said.

I stood staring at her, I thought about the last few weeks, they have been pleasurable, very pleasurable. Once awoken it turned out she had an insatiable sex drive, she just couldn't get enough sex.

I tested her to see how far she would go for both her and my pleasure. I would make her wear a short skirt in a busy park and either have her finger herself or I would finger her. We would go to a club or restaurant and I would make give me a blow job topless in the men's room as men came and went. I would film her masturbating or fuck her facing a mirror so we could look at each other.

I taught her new things, new ways to give and receive pleasure both physically and mentally.

She enjoyed it and wanted more, but she also leant it was my choice and not hers as to how much and type of pleasure she received.

"Alright, you know a little of what I want and like from you, if you agree to that type of life you can come with me and I will spoil and pleasure you in ways you can only dream of," I said.

"Yes Alec, yes, I am yours and will do all you wish," she said.

So we left, a submissive nymphomaniac and a dominant voyeur.

Five years later we find ourselves in our weekly Friday night restaurant, enjoying dinner and a wine, and hopefully something more later.

"Of course I want him to fuck me," June said.

"Maybe but I was thinking our waiter Derek might be in need of a tip tonight, he's very taken by your dress," I said.

June was wearing a long dress with a split up either side to her waist, it had straps from her shoulders and the top ran across her tits just above her nipples. It was loose fitting and when she leant forward or from above you had a lovely view of her tits and nipples.

Derek had become our personal waiter, whenever we came in he would appear from nowhere to meet and escort us to our table, then spend the night looking after our needs.

Being a gentleman he always ushered June in front to the table, his eyes never left her ass as we walked to it. It was always the same table in the back corner furthest from the door, it gave him a fraction more time to admire her ass.

He would sit June so he could see her body from different areas around the restaurant, from the side to admire her long sensuous legs and firm boobs, from the front to admire her cleavage and nipples.

We always made a point in picking June's outfits for the maximum tease factor.

Tonight Derek spent most of his evening at our table beside June, looking down her dress while he took our orders or poured our wine.

"Well Derek has been a very good waiter and his service is first rate," June said, a smile appearing as she thought about fucking Derek.

"What's your admirer doing?" I asked.

"Still staring, just sitting and staring," June replied.

"And tell me what are you showing him he likes staring at?" I asked.

"Well now that you mention it the panel of my dress has fallen between my legs exposing my right leg," June said with a cheeky grin.

"Ah from your face you are wearing your stockings and suspender tonight," I said smiling.

"Good guess," June said.

"Ah my sweet little slut, your so good at being naughty," I said.

"Let's give him a treat, eagle eye Derek will also enjoy it," I told her.

"What do you want me to do?" June asked.

"Put your right hand under your dress and rubbed your pussy through your panties," I told her.

"Yes Alec," she said, her hand moved under the table and her arm began moving as she rubbed her pussy.

"What panties are you wearing tonight?" I asked.

"The little black lace ones," June replied.

"I'll buy you new ones next week," I said, "Is you pussy getting wet?"

"Yes," she said.

I could see that June was aroused, her nipples were poking out a mile, the thought of sex was all it took to get her wet.

"With your left hand stick your thumb and pointer in your mouth sucking them, then pull the top of your dress below your left nipple, squeeze your nipple and leave it sticking out," I instructed.

"Another bottle of wine sir?" Derek asked, suddenly appearing at our side or June's side anyway.

I couldn't but help smile, not that Derek noticed, his eyes were firmly fixed on June nipple.

"Yes thank you Derek, we'll be staying a while longer tonight," I told him.

"Sorry June you might miss out there, with the bulge in his pants he might be off for a quick jerk before we get a wine," I said with a laugh.

"That would be a shame, he does appear to have a good package," June said.

"Let slip those fingers inside that pussy, get those panties good and wet," I said.

"Yes Alec," June said with a lick of her lips.

Derek returned, bulge intact, somehow filling our glasses without spilling a drop, his eyes fixed on June's left nipple.

"How's your friend going?" I asked.

"He's squirming in his seat," June said with a laugh.

"Oh yes that big hard cock is giving him trouble, he's dying to sniff your panties, taste your cum," I said, "Don't stop until you come."

"Yes Alec, I'm going to fill these panties with cum," June said.

"Just imagine your wet panties around your ankles with you bent over the table, his big hard cock slamming into your pussy," I knew some dirty talk would help push her over the edge, telling her how she's going to get fucked always turned her on.

"How many fingers are you using?" I asked.

"Two Alec," she said in a low moan.

"His a three finger cock, fuck yourself with three fingers," I said.

June didn't answer, her arm was moving quickly now, her head back, eyes closed.

"Oh fuck," June squealed as she came, her chest heaving, body trembling with her orgasm.

A lot of heads turned to stare at us.

As June recovered I left the table to see Derek.

"Derek can you close early tonight, my wife is going to get spread across our table and fucked senseless by the gentleman staring at her," I said.

Derek mumbled something incoherent as he stared at June, I glanced over my shoulder and she had taken her hand from between her legs and was licking and sucking her fingers.

Turning back to Derek I said, "I'll make it worth your while," as I handed him two $100 notes, "And your welcomed to join in."

"Enjoying yourself?" I asked June as I returned to the table.

"Yes the evening has been fun so far," June replied as she held a finger up and seductively ran her tongue around it.

"Good, keep rubbing your pussy and playing with your nipple while we wait for Derek to close," I told June.

Normally the restaurant closes at 11.00pm but tonight they were closing 9.30pm, Derek had already put a sign on the door and told the chef.

I could see the chef wasn't happy, but after I had a word with him and he had a good look at June he agreed with Derek that it was best to close early.

By 9.35pm the place was empty except for our admirer, Derek and the chef, all who were staring intently at June.

"Good, now let's begin," I said, "Take your panties off and place them on the table of your admirer, after that walk over to Derek pulling the top off your dress under your tits, give him a big kiss. As you kiss him stick a finger in your pussy then wipe it over his lips, then go to Chef take his hand, put it between your legs and kiss him, then come back here."

June just smiled at me as she wriggled out of her panties, once off she held them up for me to admire how wet they were, the other men were also admiring them.

She got up, walked to her admirers table and placed them right in front of him. He watched her every movement as she moved towards to his table, hips swaying seductively from side to side, her tits bouncing, her panties dangling from her fingers in front of herself.

He was mentally taking off the remainder of her clothes.

Once she placed the panties on the table his focus was on them, I smirked as I thought of the dilemma he was in, does he pick them up sniffing and licking them with her there, does he ignore them and look at her. He wants her and doesn't want to do the wrong thing.

June didn't stay at his table long, leaving the panties she walked toward Derek, her hands moved to the top of her dress and pulled it down under her tits. Her lovely firm breasts bounced up and down as she walked towards him, hard perky nipples pointed at him like rockets ready to fire.

Derek shifted nervously, his eyes fixed on June's tits, the bulge in his pants growing.

Back at the table the panties have been sniffed and licked, his eyes were now fixed to June's ass, her dress was skin tight and she gave it an accentuated wiggle as she walked.

June kissed Derek, her right hand brushed the front of his pants as she moved it between her legs, "Always a tease," I thought as I watched Derek. She broke the kiss, as she stepped back she ran her finger over his lips, his tongue shot out but before it could touch her finger she moved it away. She rubbed it over both nipples and then seductively slid it between her lips sucking on it, her eyes never leaving his.

June then headed to Chef, the bulge under his apron obvious, June put his hand between her legs as she grabbed his bulge, her hand moving up and down along it as she kissed him.

"It's going to be a good night," I thought as I watched June, a bulge had also appeared in my pants. I rubbed it as I thought of where I would get June to relieve me later on.

She turned around and headed back towards me, a great smile on her face, her tits sticking out, bouncing along, the front of her dress damp and sticking to her body showing off her long stocking covered legs.

"God you look like a slut, a delicious come fuck me now slut," I said as she sat down at the table.

"Why thank you kind sir, I dress to please," she replied with a smile.

My only regret was I didn't bring my camera, my phone will have to do, "Let's the show begin," I told her.

June sat facing the men, her legs spread, her dress front lay over the side of her left leg showing her pussy.

She pointed at her admirer and beckoned him over with her finger, he stood up stuffing June's panties in his pocket. He came over to our table, his eyes fixed on June's pussy, the bulge in his pants obvious.

As soon as he stood in front of June she unzipped his pants, pulled his cock out and began sucking on it.

At that point I stood up and began moving around filming to catch what was happening from different angles.

Derek and Chef had also moved closer for a better view, they both had their cocks out and stroked them as they watched June.

Without missing a beat with her mouth June stretched out her arms, she took hold of their cocks, she pulled them closer and began stroking them.

With the three men close June began moving her mouth between their cocks, sucking one, while stroking the other two, continually swapping between them as their cocks grew rock hard and swollen.

Releasing them June got on the floor in front of them and opened her mouth. They knew what she wanted and pointed their cocks at her face as they stroked faster.

June stared up at them, mouth wide open, her tongue ran around her lips. With a moan her admirer came first, cum shooting into her hair, over her eyes and then into her mouth. Watching cum running over her face was enough to set Derek and Chef off, cum spraying over her hair and cheeks from both sides at once.

When they finished June stood up and sat on the edge of the table, she spread her legs and laid back. I had cleared the table earlier while June did her rounds.

She beckoned Derek and Chef to either side of the table, reaching out she took hold of their cocks and began stroking them. Meanwhile her admirer had got on his knees between her legs and began eating her pussy.

She moaned softly as her pussy was eaten, Derek had taken to playing with June's left nipple while she stroked his cock.

Chef had pulled June's head towards him, her cheek was resting on the table top as he fucked her mouth. Chef held her head firmly as his cock moved back and forth in her mouth, a pool of salvia forming under her cheek.

Her admirer had stood up, his cock was in her pussy, his hips moved back and forward as he fucked her. He watched Chef fuck her mouth harder and faster, his cock disappearing down her throat with each thrust.

June had stopped stroking Derek' cock, he also stood there watching Chef as he stroked his cock, getting faster and faster as his excitement grew.

I was still moving around the table filming, I didn't know where to point my phone next, it seemed like anyone of them or all of them would come any second. Next time I'll have to have more cameras to make sure I don't miss the action.

With a grunt Chef came in June's mouth, she gagged on the cum. There was too much for her to swallow, it poured out of her mouth mixing with the salvia pooled on the table.

Chef took his cock from June's mouth and pulled her closer to himself, dragging her hair into the pool of cum and salvia. He jerked his cock over her face until every last drop of cum was drained from it.

Meanwhile Derek had also come, shooting his load over her tits and dress. Derek's cum ran off them onto the top of her dress, between them and down her side.

Her admirer still had his cock between her legs but only moved it slowly as he watched the other two men come.

When they were finished he pulled his cock from her pussy, rolled her over and spread her ass cheeks. He then pressed his cock against her anus and slowly pushed inside her.

As he entered her June moaned, Chef and Derek stood watching, their cocks once more in their hands being stroked back to life.

We all watched as her admirer grabbed her hips and began fucking her harder, even June had lost interest in everyone else. She laid face down in the pool of cum and salvia, her hands squeezing the edges of the table, her knuckles turning white from the force.

June's moaning got louder, her whole body shook from the force of his fucking. Her admirer grunted loudly each time he thrusted his cock into her, slamming his body into her ass.

June squealed, her body trembled uncontrollably as she orgasmed, her admirer let out one final loud grunt as he came, his hands squeezed her hips tightly holding himself deep inside her.

When he removed his cock from June's ass cum dribbled out, flowing over her pussy, some dripping to the floor and some running down her legs.

Giving June no time to recover Chef had quickly moved between her legs, his cocked slid into her pussy.

As soon as Chef started fucking her June began to moan again. With long, powerful thrusts Chef slammed his cock into June pussy causing the whole table to shake.

June body shook with orgasm after orgasm, having already come twice it took Chef a while before he reached the stage of coming himself but once there with a loud shout he filled June's pussy with cum.

Derek had slowed the stroking of his cock, he wanted to make sure he was going to last a while.

As soon as Chef pulled out Derek pushed the head of his cock into June's pussy, he didn't go any deeper, he just teased the rim. He slowly pushed and pulled the head of his head in and out, as he did he also smacked her ass cheeks.

Meanwhile her admirer had climbed on the table in front of her, he pulled her head up by the hair and had shoved his cock into her mouth.

Derek pushed his cock deeper into June, his tempo increased as June's body continued to shake with orgasms. He also pushed two fingers into her ass, he moved them in time with his cock.

June wasn't sucking the cock that was in her mouth, her eyes were closed, mouth open wide, salvia poured out of it, her admirer fucked her mouth.

Her admirer and Derek fucked June in unison, they were matching each others speed and movement, both sandwiching her when they thrusted their cocks into her from either end. Both men grunted while muffled gurgling noises came from June.

They both came together, slamming their cocks into her as hard as they could, with loud grunts they came, filling her once more with cum.

June laid on the table exhausted, breathing heavily, cum dripping from her holes.

She turned her head to look at me, a great big smile on her face.

The men tidied themselves up, I thanked them for the evening.

I helped June up, I pulled the top of the dress up over her tits and straighten the bottom to cover her pussy and ass. Her dress was stained with cum, it clung to her body, "I'll be buying a new dress as well as panties next week" I thought. Her stockings were ripped, her hair a matted mess stuck together by cum and salvia, there was also dry cum on her face.

God I loved seeing her look like that after a good fucking, it always made me extra hard.

We came by taxi but I decided a bus trip home would be a better way to show June off.

As we climbed onto the bus there was a group of three men and the driver, they all stared at June as she followed me down the aisle to the back seat. I sat in the middle of the seat and pulled my cock from my pants, June bent over from the waist taking it in her mouth.

As she sucked my cock I could she that every pair of eyes were staring intently at us, or more likely at June's ass, a couple of them had even started to rub their crotches.

I pulled the back of June skirt up, her bare ass on display, June's night wasn't over yet.
