Father Her First Love

----------------------------------
Rachel was an advanced young lady that matured prematurely and
chose her father as her first lover. She trapped him into having
sex with her and discovered that grown up love indeed runs deep
into the heart of human life.
----------------------------------

By William DuPain   (c)

----------------------------------


Ted watched as Rachel strode across the living room headed for
the shower. She was wearing a T-shirt that barely made it at the
bottom to the top of her bright red panties. Her young breasts
jiggled with the power of her stride and she made no attempt to
cover the high, prominent pubic mound, which jutted out so
distinctly from her smooth flat abdomen.


She was blonde, like her mother Jenny. She had rather large
well-formed breasts for a young lady of fifteen. Long shapely
legs that supported the sweetest little fanny Ted had ever seen,
and a beautiful face with brilliant green eyes. She was driving
him crazy with that tight teenage ass, and those perky upturned
breasts of hers.


He dreaded talking to her about her constant state of undress
around him but it had to be done.  He chose today because her
mother was out shopping at the mall with a friend. It wasn't that
his wife had said anything, it was just that in her present state
of physical development she was beginning to have a deep sexual
impact on Ted and he wanted to avoid trouble if at all possible.


He catching himself watching her as she bent over, crossed or
uncrossed her legs, and found himself to be aroused when she
touched or kissed him lately. He was sure she hadn't noticed the
change but it had certainly impacted Ted tremendously and
produced a profound sense of guilt at his arousal.


Ted raised the footrest on his recliner and closed his eyes
seeking a moment of solitude before Rachel finished her shower.
He was nearly away when he felt Rachel crawl up on his lap and
straddle his leg.


Ted opened his eyes to her beaming face and hears, "So daddy ...
what did you want to talk about?"


Her smile was as innocent as a new spring day and at that moment
he regretted ever mentioning it to her. Ted had thought he knew
how to start and engage his young daughter in a grown up
conversation about sexual behavior ... but alas, all that eluded
him right now. He felt so guilty as she sat there smiling
innocently, her beautiful body so warm next to him.


"Well dear," he began, "you know how sometimes on TV, in the
movies, a guy will meet a girl that he's attracted to and get all
silly acting over her because she's cute?"


"Yes daddy ... I know."


Ted was having a hard time concentrating now as he realized how
his daughter was dressed, or barely so. And he could plainly feel
the heat from her mound on his leg, due to the position she had
assumed on his lap.


"Well dear sometimes when a girl begins to grow up and starts
looking more like a woman than she has in the past it creates
problems for the men around her ... do you understand
sweetheart?"


"Yes daddy ... I think so," she replied, smiling brightly.


She was now playing with the collar of his shirt and grazing his
neck occasionally with those long sharp nails she never had
before. The scent of her fresh shower was seducing his olfactory
senses, and her firm youthful nipples had cast a deep spell of
lust against his eyes. All of it together was making it very
difficult for Ted to remain on course with his little chat.


"Well honey you've began to mature physically and you're becoming
a very attractive young woman ... and well dear, it's starting to
affect me. Now please don't think badly of me I am, after all
just a man, but your state of casual dress is starting to arouse
me dear I find myself fantasizing about you often when I see you
in a semi clad state!"


Well that was it he thought, he sat there not looking at her,
waiting for tears, or cries of pervert, dirty old man, or letch.
He was burdened by only silence until at last he found courage to
raise his eyes to her face only to see her smiling at him.


Unknown to Ted, his daughter was far from disappointed in his
confession to her; in fact it inflated her young ego tremendously
to know her father thought of her as attractive.


"Daddy ... may I say something please?"
'

"Yes dear ... of course," he replied stupidly.


"Sometimes when a young girl begins to mature physically and her
first sexual urges are born in her consciousness, men around her
that she cares about most have an impact on her sexually. I know
you've been affected father that's why I have been running around
our home half naked ... just to see if you would notice how much
of a woman I've become."


Ted was knocked off his chair, it suddenly dawned on him like a
thunderbolt that his little daughter was far more advanced
psychologically then he had realized.


"Do you love me daddy?" she asked her father smiling.


"Yes dear ... you know I do Rachel."


"Close your eyes daddy ... please."


Ted was unsure of whether he should consent to her request or
not, but in the end did comply with her direction and shut his
eyes.


What he felt next was the press of her warm, soft lips, against
his; and the heat of her vulva as it covered that flinching bulge
in his crotch. Rachel began to slowly undulate her soft mound
against his cock as she continued her gentle kiss of wicked
sugar. Her little tongue wrestled with his in his mouth and
prevailed mightily against her larger foe.


"I've wanted to do this since I was thirteen and saw you naked
coming out of the shower daddy. You were so handsome that day
half erect as you were, I became so aroused I had to flee to my
room and masturbate!" Her hand then began to fumble with the
front of his trousers as she kissed him again.


Ted was shocked speechless by her revelation of arousal. Her felt
her small hand inside his pants just then as she was squeezing
his cock gently while sucking and nibbling on the side of his
neck.


"Rachel, you can't do this honey, I'm your father and it isn't
right," he told her. But Ted knew he would be unable to resist
the sensations she was now creating in his body, or the pride and
love he felt for her.


"But daddy I love you and want you for my first ... please tell
me you like me daddy," she whispered, as she pressed her sweet
lips to his again, and placed his large hand on her young, firm
breast.


Needless to say Ted was by now a goner; his cock burgeoning as
this wicked young vixen cast her spell over his body. Ted went
with it, placing his hands on both cheeks of that fabulous ass he
had lusted for so recently and squeezed gently, receiving a moan
of approval from his young beautiful daughter.


Ted slid his finger down her crack, his fingers finding the
little mass of hard tissue at the top of her crevice. He slowly
began to circle the darling nub with varying degrees of pressure
and speed.


"Do you like it daddy ... have I pleased you?" she asked him.


"Yes dear ... you please daddy very much Rachel," he reassured
her.


Ted continued fondling his young fifteen-year-old daughters cunt
as she jacked his cock feverously. He slipped a finger under the
elastic of her panties and began to flirt with her vaginal
passage amid moans of delight from his ecstatic young daughter.


"Oh God daddy ... it feels wonderful!" she squealed.


Rachel suddenly slipped from her father's lap still clasping that
pulsing object of heated flesh. Then very quickly she covered the
head of his cock with that sweet virgin mouth of hers. The
shocking warmth coupled with the insidious scene of his sweet
daughter ravishing his cock nearly made Ted explode right there.


"Its so smooth daddy I just love it!!" she cooed sweetly.


She was a wicked little cock-eating machine as she devoured his
meat with gusto. Pausing she spoke again and said, "It's a
beautiful cock, are you going to fuck me hard with it daddy?"
giggling as she spoke.


Yes dear ... I'm going to fuck you silly!" he replied.


Rachel had worked her way about half way down her father's huge
organ before those sharp, cat like nails, grasped his hot swollen
bag and lightly raked outward.


"Oh fuck Rachel I'm Cumming you little bitch!!" he yelled, as
lightening bolts flew from his dick to his brain and fried
everything there but the pleasure centers.


Rachel's speed increased as her head bobbed up and down furiously
on daddy's cock and surprisingly swallowed every drop of her dads
hot N salty without complaint. She sucked hard as she pulled
upward with her mouth his cock leaving her cavity with a
resounding plop.


Ted laid there, eyes closed, as he felt Rachel crawl upon him
once more. She curled up in a ball her head snuggled against his
chest and said, "I love you daddy, and I hope I made you happy!"


"You made me very happy dear," he replied. It was strange he
thought that he felt no profound guilt at this moment. Ted lay
there more deeply immersed in intense sexual satisfaction than he
could ever remember.


After a few moments of reprieve Rachel quickly shimmied up her
father's chest her knees planted at both sides of his neck, her
panties very near his chin, and with an impish smile said,


"I know what bad boys like you do to innocent young girls like me
daddy."


"And what is that dear?" he asked her, again ... stupidly.


"They lick all around there little bald pussies," she told him,
as she slid her slender fingers into her underwear.


Ted loved the way she teased him, she was much more remarkable
then he would have ever imagined. He watched her manipulate
herself for a moment or two and then abruptly ripped the shear
covering off her body and tossed them to the floor.


Rachel inched her lower body forward until her slit was hanging
right over Ted's lips. He lost no time going to work on his
little tease and quickly lashed her quivering bud severely.


Her swell on both sides of her crevice was advanced for a girl of
her age and her pubic bone was well formed and well extended. She
had the sweetest little set of lips at her passage entrance,
swollen, engorged, and exceedingly wet at the moment.


The light, delicate scent of her fluids made Ted go hard all over
again as he ate her. She moaned and cooed, rocking against her
father's energetic tongue babbling almost incoherently.


"Oh God daddy, your so delicious," Rachel cooed sweetly.


Ted pulled back to tease his daughter as she had teased him
earlier. But as their eyes met he changed his mind when he
discerned the pleading urgency there for release and the building
passion inside that threatened to sweep her away.


He knew this was her first experience of this kind and how easily
it might appear somewhat frightening to her. He pawed those
luscious breasts of hers through the thin material of her top, as
she continued to grind her sex against his mouth.


There was an increase in the volume of her fluids and she was
shaking now, so he knew it wouldn't be long until she achieved
orgasm. The sweet, light scent, of her fluids intensified just
before she screamed and stiffened.


Looking up Ted could see that the light in her eyes was pure
sweetness, crowned with an adorable peace in her face. She placed
both hands on the sides of his cheeks holding him in position;
and covered it with quick light kisses from his forehead to his
chin.


"I love you daddy," she whispered, as she nibbled his ear lobe
again, her voice was very relaxed as she spoke.


"I love you too Princess," he replied.


"I'm going to fuck you now daddy ... will it hurt?" she asked
him.


"Yes dear ... a little, but it will feel good too, don't be
afraid you know I'd never harm you."


"I know daddy, I trust you."


With that she put her small hand around her father's cock and
guided him to the entrance of her small gaping entrance. She
lowered herself slowly on his mammoth dick feeling the swell of
his head stretch her beyond belief.


"Oh daddy its big," she whispered.


She was slowly working up and down on the top third of his cock
and he knew as tight as she was he wouldn't last long at all. Her
little brow was furrowed and her eyes were closed as she dropped
lower and lower with each pass.


Ted felt the resistance when his helmet bumped her hymen; she
paused looking down at him ... a smile on her beautiful young
face.


"I want you to have this daddy, you're the only man worthy of it
on this planet!" she told him.


He loved her more at that moment than he would ever have thought
possible. Rachel stifled a cry as she dropped down quickly on his
hard cock, bringing him through the veil of her innocence. There
was blood on his shaft as she rose up on his organ preparing for
another downward thrust.


"Oh daddy, I'm truly a woman now!" she whispered thickly.


"Yes my dear he recited, more than you know Rachel!!" he
whispered in ecstasy as his eyes watched her tight little cunt
slide up and down his thick rigid cock.


"Oh god daddy I never knew it would feel this good," she
breathed.


She was very wet now her young breasts bouncing in time with her
bodies motion on his cock. He watched the lips of her pussy
rolling in and out as she fucked him, her eyes closed, her face
blissful as she moved.


The speed of her movements increased to her father's surprise and
distress. His balls were going tight and his cock was flinching
inside her body wildly. He reached down and began to flick her
hard young clit as she stroked making her shudder and groan
deeply. Reaching around with his other hand his finger found the
tight opening of her little ass and he entered her suddenly, she
screamed and froze above him her cunt convulsing severely around
his dick.


Her near virgin cunt went into such a trauma that she literally
sucked the sperm from her fathers balls without pumping him
again. Her body lurched forward and backward again and again in
the throes of hard orgasm until at last exhausted she collapsed
against him and rested without a sound.


"Oh daddy, it was a wonderful fuck. I belong to you now daddy,
I'm your bitch and no one else's!" she panted breathlessly in his
ear.


"Baby, I will love you forever for what occurred here today and I
realize you understand that what we've done is wrong...but I
don't feel that way about it Rachel. I want you for my lover
sweetheart but you must never reveal our association to your
mother she would never understand our feelings for each other,"
he told her.


"I know daddy, and I will never put us in jeopardy. Now, did you
like me daddy?"


"Today you became the most intense lover of my life dear," he
assured her.


"Even better than mother, daddy?"


"Yes sweetheart, even better than your mother!"


"Are you ready again daddy!" Rachel giggled.


"God Rachel your going to kill your ol' man," he countered.


"Daddy, you're a raging bull don't tease me that way," she
countered


He smiled at the whimsical humor of his daughters' statement, as
she moved her body to service his again.


He spent the day in the seductive arms of the most fascinating
woman he had ever known ... his daughter.


Their encounter produced a deep abiding relationship that never
ended.


End

mailto:  WilliamDuPain@gmail.com























