Higher Stakes (F+/F, spank, mast)

Four female work colleagues spice up their usual 
Tuesday night card game with spanking forfeits.

By LizH
liz_in_trouble@ANTISPAMyahoo.co.uk
[Delete the 'antispam' part when replying.]

Disclaimer Part 1:
If you don't find the prospect of leather landing on 
female buttocks an erotic one, then heaven knows how 
you got to be on this website, but you'll probably 
get even more upset by reading on. 


*****

"How about making the game a bit more interesting?" 
Judith suggested. That woke us all up. "How about a 
higher stake than just a few pennies?"

"What do you mean, Judith?" asked Rashani. "I can't 
spare any more money, really...".

"That wasn't quite what I had in mind", grinned 
Judith, white teeth flashing. We all stared 
expectantly, but Judith was just sitting there, 
smiling, watching our faces.

"Well what, then?" asked Claire impatiently.

"How about a spanking?" Judith asked. Just like that.


I can still vividly remember that moment. We were 
sitting around the kitchen table in Judith's flat; 
myself, Rashani, Judith and Claire. We were all co-
workers in a local insurance office, and friends of 
a sort. It was Tuesday night - our cards night. 
Really, it was just a social evening - an excuse for 
us to go around to each others' houses and drink some 
wine and gossip a little. Each of us took a turn to 
play hostess to the gathering, and that night was 
Judith's turn. 

It was always the same four of us. Judith was the 
oldest, although no more than 30; a tall black 
woman with a figure that could be described as 
'statuesque'; all curves, and a bust that we all 
envied. She was a bit like the mother figure to the 
office: mostly genial, but woe betide you if you 
stepped out of line! Rashani was her exact opposite; 
a petite Indian girl, barely 20. She was as slim as 
Judith was voluptuous, as quiet as Judith was loud, 
and dressed as conservatively as Judith was 
flamboyant, but they were nevertheless firm friends. 
Claire was something of the odd one out. I always 
thought of her as too much the 'Essex girl'; a bit 
brash and tarty, although she was always good fun. 
Maybe I was just pigeonholing her, but it was the way 
she never dyed her hair often enough, so that the dark 
roots showed beneath the bottle blonde curls, and the 
incredibly short mini-skirts she used to wear. She even 
confessed to owning a pair of white stilettoes, 
although I'd never seen her wear them to work!

And me? I'm Liz. I guess I thought of myself as the 
clever one. The one with a degree, the one who was 
going places in the company, all smart executive suits 
to Judith's floral prints, Rashani's conservative 
dresses and Clare's miniskirts. A bit of a snob, if 
truth be told.

So, anyway, we played cards once a week. Some time 
ago at one of our evenings, someone (probably Claire), 
had suggested that we make things 'more interesting' 
by playing for money, albeit only a few pennies per 
point. That being the case, the hostess always got 
to choose what game we played - like a 'home team' 
advantage. For myself and Rashani, it was Bridge (we 
always partnered each other and did quite well out of 
it), for Claire, it was, unsurprisingly, Poker, at 
which she excelled (see what I mean about her?). For 
Judith, the favoured game was Hearts.

You all know Hearts  at school we always used to call 
it Black Maria, after the Queen of Spades, but that's 
probably not PC anymore. It's on all of the copies of 
Windows these days and so now it's just Hearts. It's 
played to the rules of Whist, but in Hearts the idea 
is not to win tricks, but to avoid penalty points. The 
hearts are all worth one each, and the Queen of 
Spades is worth thirteen points. So when we played 
Hearts we'd total the points at the end of the 
evening, and everyone paid 10p times the difference 
between their score and the winner's to whoever had 
managed to achieve the lowest total. It wasn't 
exactly Las Vegas, but the winner could expect to 
come away about twenty pounds better off.

Money was one thing, but as for spanking...


Judith allowed us all a few seconds to take in what 
she had said, enjoying watching the reactions on our 
faces.

"You think I'm joking, don't you?" she smiled. "No, 
why not? Instead of money, every penalty point you 
get means a slap on the backside. I'll bet it'll 
encourage better play than you've all managed so far 
tonight."

We all considered, trying to visualise it in our 
minds' eye. Actually, it sounded pretty exciting, but 
I suppose no-one wanted to be the first to say yes, 
for fear of looking like a kinky slut in front of her 
workmates.

"I'm game," declared Claire. Her tone was challenging, 
as if to say, 'I've got more bottle than you lot'. I 
couldn't let her get away with that. 

"Fine by me," I said, trying not to sound nervous. 
Everyone turned to stare at poor Rashani, who was 
blushing furiously. I could see from her expression 
that she didn't really like the idea, but she wasn't 
going to let herself be left out. 

"Er, yes, I suppose so..." she said quietly.
"Right then," Judith said triumphantly. "I'll get the 
instrument."

Instrument? What did she mean by that? She got up and 
disappeared into the next room, where we could hear a 
drawer opening and closing. No-one spoke. What do you 
say at a time like that?


Judith came back swinging a big heavy black leather 
strap, about 18 inches long, and divided in two for 
half of its length, like a Scottish tawse. It was 
obviously made purely for the purpose of punishment. 
We all eyed it nervously. 

There had always been rumours about the kind of 
things Judith liked to get up to with her (various) 
boyfriends, but here was the living proof. It looked 
quite menacing, dangling there in front of us. I 
knew that Claire and Rashani, like me, were all 
thinking about that tawse landing on our backsides, 
with Judith's quite muscular arm behind it!

"I thought perhaps you meant with, er, our hands..." 
I said weakly.

"Well that's hardly a punishment, now is it?" Judith 
said, sitting back down. "In fact, a lot of people 
quite enjoy it." 

She laid the tawse on the table next to her, where 
everyone continued to stare at its ominous presence. 

As one of the more mathematically minded, I had been 
calculating, and didn't like what I had come up with. 
"But not ten... smacks per point, surely?" I put in, 
"each round of Hearts has a possible 26 penalties - 
we'll all be black and blue!"

"Maybe just the one belt per point", agreed Judith, 
"since this is your first time. I'll tell you what: 
you remember you get to pass on three cards to 
another player. We'll go one round of four, like on 
the computer - each deals once, passing on your 
discard cards to your left first time, then opposite, 
then right, then opposite again. And any points you 
get in each round are taken out on you by the person 
who gave you the cards, so that it's not always the 
same person."

We all agreed. We would have agreed to anything, at 
that stage. The threatening black leather presence of 
the tawse on the table seemed to have drained 
everyone's willpower, even the normally talkative 
Claire.

Judith shuffled the deck of cards and passed them to 
Rashani to deal. There was a palpable sense of 
excitement around the table now. The twinge of fear 
at having to be beaten in front of one's friends was 
mixed with the anticipation of watching it happen to 
someone else. Or even of doing it to someone else. 
What would it feel like? I discovered that I was 
actually turned on by the whole idea; I could feel my 
nipples hardening inside the confinement of my bra, 
and a spreading warmth lower down. Judith was right - 
it had certainly made the game more interesting!


The first round was a pretty tense affair, even 
though I received a good hand in the deal - lots of 
low cards. I made a really bitchy lead, dropping 
several points on Judith from the word go, for which 
I got a very sour look indeed! 

Judith is a good player, however - it is her chosen 
game, after all - and managed to avoid any more 
penalties. I also stayed well out of things - I'm 
quite a good card player myself - leaving Rashani to 
be unlucky and collect six hearts, and Claire, a poor 
player, to harvest the remaining 16. I breathed a sigh 
of relief once the last card had been played. No 
smacks for me!

"Who's going to start, then?" I asked innocently, 
perhaps even smugly. Judith gave me a look like 
thunder. 

"Start to the dealer's left", suggested Claire. That 
was me. And Claire was my appointed target. She 
probably wanted to get it over with quickly. 

"Lean over the table, Claire," ordered Judith. Claire 
complied, and Judith reached over to start pulling 
down Claire's tight black leather jeans, and tug down 
her almost indecently brief black thong knickers.

"Here - what the hell do you think you're doing!" 
shouted Claire, struggling to stand up. Judith smiled 
indulgently and pushed her gently but firmly back 
down onto the kitchen table. 

"It has to be on the bare bum, otherwise there's no 
point," she said conversationally, as if discussing 
the weather.

"Well..." Claire sounded uncertain. "Just hurry up 
then." She wasn't blushing, I noticed. No shame, 
this girl. I took the tawse and moved to stand to one 
side of her, where I could aim better. 

"Sixteen, Claire," Judith reminded her. "Just stay 
put, won't you." It didn't sound like a question. 
Judith's big hand remained on the small of Claire's 
back just to be certain.

I found myself staring at Claire's bottom. I had to 
admit it was quite a pert and pretty one. She was 
quite tanned, and we could see in this position that 
it was definitely all over  either she sunbathed 
naked or it came straight out of a bottle. I know 
what my money was on. The position she was bent over 
in also meant that her pubic mound was peeping 
between the gap in her legs. I noticed wisps of dark 
pubic hair and couldn't help myself:

"We always knew you weren't a natural blonde..." I 
joked.

"Fuck off Liz, you snotty bitch, and just get on with 
it," Claire said, annoyed.

"Temper, temper," I murmured.

I lifted the leather strap, and brought it down onto 
her waiting buttocks. There was a splat sound, but 
not a whisper from Claire. A slight reddening began 
where the leather had landed.

"Oh for God's sake, Liz," Judith sighed, disappointed, 
"can't you do any better than that? Harder, girl!"

I did it harder. In fact, frankly, I laid on a few 
stingers. I didn't like Claire much, so it wasn't 
difficult to get into the swing of things. I started 
to thwack that tawse down with all my might. With 
each crack the red flush deepened and spread across 
her backside, and Claire began to jump at each stroke. 
By the end of sixteen, when I stopped, flushed, and 
panting, Claire's arse was a bright red colour, with 
some of the individual marks quite clearly visible, 
and she was shouting and yelping and swearing, 
twisting under Judith's strong arms that still held 
her pinned to the table.

Judith let her stand up. "Jesus!" Claire said, rubbing 
her injured posterior, "that fucking hurt, Liz you 
bitch!"

"Maybe it'll encourage you to play better," I said, 
perhaps a little snootily. I couldn't resist it. I 
handed her the tawse. "Your turn."

Judith was already settling down onto the table and 
hoisting up her skirt to reveal a large expanse of 
black flesh across the swelling curves of her womanly 
buttocks, covered by a very delicate-looking pair 
of lacy white panties, which she also dragged down, 
allowing us to note that she was completely shaven 
down below, her crinkled pink lips jutting proudly 
and a stark contrast to the silky dark flesh around 
them. She seemed quite used to the situation and 
looked back questioningly over her shoulder as if 
to say; 'get on with it, then'. No-one even dared to 
hold her down - not that any of us thought she'd 
need it.

Claire was less than kind, still smarting from the 
tanning I'd given her, and Judith's four strokes 
sounded like pistol shots in the confined space of 
the kitchen. Nevertheless, at the end of it, Judith 
calmly stood up, pulled up her knickers, smoothed 
down her skirt, and took the tawse off Claire. 

"Right", she said brightly, although I noticed she 
was breathing more heavily, "down you go, Rashani."

Rashani's bottom lip trembled a little. It looked 
like she'd rather be anywhere else than here at this 
precise moment in time. Nevertheless, she lowered 
her gaze, gave one heartfelt sigh, then, unbuckling 
her jeans, bent delicately over the table. Judith 
pulled down Rashani's jeans to reveal a tiny little 
pair of knickers that caused us all to raise our 
eyebrows, but not as much as we did what we saw when 
Judith's strong hands tugged the knickers down. 
Rashani's delicate brown bottom bore a faint tracery 
of reddish stripes, perhaps a dozen in total.

Even Claire took some notice, leaving off 
contemplating her own smarting arse.

"Jesus, Rashani, you kinky bitch!" she commented, 
fascinated. It was what we were all thinking, 
although I wouldn't have put it quite as crassly as 
Claire had.

"No, no," Rashani added hastily, from her rather 
undignified position. "It's my father. Whenever he 
feels I've done something unladylike I get a 
walloping with the cane!"

We all stared at Rashani's bottom, taking in this new 
information. Well, Judith had been right  this 
certainly had made the game more interesting! Judith 
ran her hand over the striped bum and cast a 
practised eye over the marks as Rashani gasped and 
squirmed a little at the contact and, I observed, 
squeezed her thighs together. Hmm.

"Looks like it's been a few days," Judith mused, "I 
don't think we need hold back too much..."

Rashani made no reply, but seemed to slump lower onto 
the table at that. Judith raised the tawse. She 
brought it down with a crack that made us all wince, 
and Rashani yelped piteously. But she didn't leap up 
or move, I noticed. 

As Judith cracked the tawse down on Rashani's poor 
defenceless bottom I wondered about canes, and how 
bad that might be in comparison to the tawse. Either 
must be atrocious. 

Judith finished her six. She hadn't held back, and 
Rashani's arse was scarlet. But she still hadn't 
moved, and after the first one hadn't cried out 
either, although I noticed when she got up that she 
was sniffling a little and rubbing her pitiable, 
smarting bottom.

Round two was far less evenly balanced. Claire was 
obviously distracted, shifting uncomfortably on her 
seat, while Rashani had been overtaken by a fierce 
concentration brought about by her smarting backside. 
Whatever the reason, all but one of the 26 penalties 
went Claire's way, with Rashani claiming the other. 
You should have heard Claire swear as the points 
piled up - the air was blue!

"You're all against me, you fucking bitches!" she 
shrieked. Judith was nonplussed.

"Stand up and get yourself over the table, Claire," 
she said, in her no-nonsense voice that we'd heard 
so many times at the office. Claire reluctantly 
obeyed.

Rashani took the tawse tentatively. "I've only been 
on the receiving end before," she said quietly, her 
dark eyes hooded.

"You'll soon get used to it," Judith assured her. "In 
fact, you might find you enjoy dishing it out." She 
winked. 

Rashani blinked and ran the leather once through her 
delicate fingers, then lifted it up and brought it 
down onto Claire's already red bottom. Claire sucked 
in air, but otherwise there was no reaction. Rashani 
repeated the action. Another small gasp.

"No, not from the elbow," Judith advised, "from the 
shoulder." Claire groaned at that.

Rashani began to strike again and again, at first 
somewhat lightly, but with increasing energy as she 
went on. Claire's gasps became cries, then finally 
shrieks as Rashani suddenly seemed like a woman 
possessed, lashing quickly, furiously, her long 
black hair whipping around her face, her teeth 
clenched and a terrible gleam in her dark eyes. 
Fortunately for Claire, Rashani's arm was not strong 
and the speed she was working at meant that she didn't 
lift the tawse up to its maximum potential height, 
but Claire was still wailing by the end of twenty-
five strokes, while Rashani was so carried away that 
Judith had to physically step in and restrain her 
when the last one had been given.

Claire was still blubbering as Judith handed her the 
tawse. Now she got a chance to get one back on Rashani, 
but it was only the one. Rashani bent over quite 
calmly this time and dropped her jeans and knickers 
without a trace of her former false modesty. I am 
sure that I noted a faint sheen of moisture on her 
pussy lips as she bent over. Claire was still sobbing 
as she brought the tawse down and it didn't really 
sound like a hard one  we were all coming to know 
the difference in sound now! Rashani stood up and 
resumed her place at the table without further comment.

The third hand was played to the accompaniment of 
Claire's quiet sobbing. She really wasn't 
concentrating at all, now, shifting about miserably 
on her chair, big tears running down mascara-smeared 
cheeks and landing on her blouse, and although 
Rashani collected the Ace of Hearts for one, the 
other 25 were again all in Claire's direction, to her 
total disbelief and dismay. 

This time she had to be forcibly dragged across the 
table by Judith, wailing, "no, no, it's not fair, 
it's not fair, please...!"

Although I wasn't exactly enamoured of Claire, even 
I was starting to feel pity for her, but fortunately 
Judith seemed to feel the same way, and laid the 
twenty-five on quite gently, which was just as well, 
because by now Claire's fake-tan buttocks had suffered 
a real 'tanning' and looked like a pair of over-ripe 
tomatoes. I could see some bruises already starting 
to develop and it was clear that she wouldn't be 
sitting comfortably for several days to come.

Rashani had her single point again, and this time it 
was my turn to deliver it. Since she had got off so 
lightly last time that I thought I'd give her one 
that would wake her up a little. Once again she walked 
calmly to the table and dropped her jeans and 
knickers to her knees, waggling her pert little bum, 
the faint tracery of cane marks now joined by some 
red marks from the tawse. This time there was 
definitely a damp patch in her skimpy little 
knickers, and the unmistakeable smell of female 
arousal as she pulled them down. This evening was 
certainly becoming a revelation, and I began to wonder 
about whether Rashani's tale of a disciplinarian father 
was really true after all... who was she really 
getting to cane her?

I put my shoulder into the blow, twisting as I 
delivered it, which produced a great WHAP! as it 
landed. Rashani squeaked in pain. She stood bolt 
upright and gave me a look like thunder as she pulled 
up her knickers and jeans, and as she came back to 
the card table she had stuck a hand back down the 
seat of her jeans and was rubbing herself.

The fourth round was the last one, and I could sense 
a new mood, an unspoken consensus around the table. 
They wanted me, now. Me, Liz, the cool blonde who 
had just sat there and played a faultless game. Liz 
who thought herself better than the other three. The 
one with a degree, the one who earned more money, 
the one who hadn't had to lie over the table with 
three women staring as her dress was pulled up, and 
her knickers down, to be thrashed into tearful 
humiliation. The scoresheet currently read: Claire: 
66, Rashani: 8, Judith: 4, Liz: 0. I could see it in 
the grim set of their faces - now it was my turn.

Well I was damned if I was going to just meekly 
accept that! I played the best game that I could, 
but while everyone was merciful to poor Claire, who 
escaped unharmed, and Judith somehow managed to 
escape with a single measly point, Rashani took 
eight, and the other 17 somehow found their way to
me. 

Claire went first. She had stopped crying now, 
although her face was still quite red and puffy, and 
she was shifting very uncomfortably in her chair. 
She took hold of the tawse and there was a look of 
steely determination in her eyes as Rashani wiggled 
her way back to the table, showing off now, peeling 
down her jeans and knickers with a flourish and 
pushing her bottom out saucily as if saying: 'come 
on then  do your worst!' 

Little strands of stickiness extended between her 
crotch and her damp knickers for a brief moment as 
she pulled them down. Rashani was definitely aroused, 
and I could feel myself going much the same way.

Claire cracked her knuckles and squared her 
shoulders, evidently determined to repay Rashani for 
Round 2. She stepped back for each stroke and almost 
took a little run-up every time before swinging the 
leather in with an ear-splitting CRACKKK!

Rashani emitted a strained "ohh!" somewhere between 
pain and pleasure each time, each cry getting louder 
and longer as Claire laid into her. My own stomach 
was turning cartwheels watching the performance. It 
was no longer an academic exercise  I knew that in 
a few short minutes it was going to be me knickerless 
across the table, my poor bottom getting strapped!

Finally she was done, and Rashani lay there open 
mouthed, her bottom scarlet. There were tears falling 
from her eyes, but as she stood up and pulled up her 
knickers and jeans I saw one hand steal 
surreptitiously down the front of her trousers and 
begin to move rhythmically. I blinked. Rashani, the 
little mouse who sometimes seemed scared of her own 
shadow, was openly frigging herself after having 
been thrashed knickerless in front of her workmates. 

It was my turn to punish Judith, and I was very much 
aware that she would soon be laying the tawse into 
my own backside in return. Should I hold back in the 
hope of staying her hand? No - I could see from her 
expression that she meant for me to get a real 
leathering. So to hell with her  I decided I'd 
simply get my retaliation in first. 

I was presented with Judith's ample chocolate-
coloured bottom, still largely unmarked although 
blushing a little with the four Claire had given her 
at the very start. I took a deep breath and raised 
my arm until it touched the ceiling, then brought 
the leather smacking down on her backside just as 
hard as I possibly could.

CRACK! Claire and Rashani flinched and even I was 
slightly alarmed by the sound, and I could feel the 
impact through the tawse. My hand actually stung a 
little from the blow, so heaven knows how Judith's 
bottom must have felt. Even the stoical Judith 
actually let out a little "ohhhh!" of pain at the 
impact. She released a deep breath and rubbed the 
reddening patch a little meditatively as she stood 
up, pulling up her knickers and smoothing her skirt 
down. 

"I'll take that," she said menacingly, snatching the 
tawse from me and flexing it between her brawny arms.
My legs seemed to go a bit weak at this point and I 
felt like running, but all three of them were 
crowding round me now, determined to make sure I got 
what they had all had to suffer.

Judith pushed me down over the table, none too gently, 
squashing my cotton-covered breasts against the 
unyielding wood of the table top, and Claire eagerly 
yanked up my tight black skirt. She grasped my sheer 
black tights at the waist and rolled them down to my 
knees, then went back for my black satin knickers. 
Her fingers brushed lightly and gently against my 
satin-covered crotch, and I heard her chuckle. Then 
she grasped the little panties at my hips and tugged 
them down to join my tights, bunched at my knees. I 
blushed furiously, burying my nose in the table. Here 
I was, across Judith's kitchen table, with my bum and 
pussy on view for all the world to see. But worse was 
to come. Claire slid a finger along the divide 
between my legs and it rubbed briefly across my 
swollen, slick pussy lips before disappearing inside 
me. I squeaked with surprise, but then, to my shame, 
found myself letting out a long; "aaaaahhhhhh," of 
pleasure and moving my hips back onto it, trying to 
suck it further inside me. Claire withdrew the finger 
and thrust it under my nose. It was wet and 
glistening, absolutely soaked, and I could clearly 
smell the earthy aroma of my own arousal, and feel 
it trickling down my thighs. Somewhere on the edge 
of things I could hear little gasps from Rashani as 
she frigged herself towards orgasm.

"You filthy little tart," Claire whispered in my ear. 
"Acting so superior, when you were just a kinky 
little slut all along, weren't you? Wait until I tell 
Mike about this!" Mike was the dishy marketing guy on 
the next floor up that everyone fancied.

"Nooooooo!" I wailed.

"Allright Claire," Judith warned, "let me at her now."

Claire stepped back and Judith took a couple of 
experimental swings with the tawse. The sharp 
whooshing sound made me tense my bottom, to harsh 
laughter from the girls.

"Right Liz," Judith said. "Seventeen. I was going to 
go easy on you, since it was your first time, but 
not after you gave me a belt like that one! So you 
can just damn well suffer, girl!"

The whistling came again, but this time it made 
contact. WHACK! I felt the impact, and the terrible 
sting across both of my pale, defenceless bottom 
cheeks, the pain spreading and deepening. I cried 
out, shocked that it hurt quite so much. Dear God, I 
couldn't take another sixteen of those, I just 
couldn't... I... WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! "Aaaargh!" The 
fourth tore a cry from my throat. WHACK! "Ohhhhhh!" 
WHACK! "Owwwwww! Oh, Judith, please, not so h-" 
WHACK! "Aaaauuugh!" 

I wasn't bearing it as well as the others, and it was 
obvious to us all. Perhaps because the dusky Amazon 
was putting all of her strength into teaching me my 
place. I sobbed like a baby, waggling my bottom 
furiously to try and shake off the maddening sting, 
stamping my feet, throwing my long blonde locks around 
as my head jerked left and right, but Claire simply 
held me down, grinning, while Judith leathered my 
arse. To one side Rashani was gasping with a "Hah! 
Hah! Hah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Ooh!" as her climax approached.

WHACK! "Naaaargh! Stop, stop, please!" WHACK! 
"Aaaaagh! No, bl, I don'" I was incoherent with 
agony, but still the tawse fell, remorselessly. I 
mashed myself into the tabletop. My breasts ached, 
crushed beneath me into the wood, my hips banged 
into the table's edge with each stroke as I tried in 
vain to move out of the way.

WHACK!
Finally it was over. I jerked and spasmed on the 
table like a cut fish as Judith, panting, threw down 
the leather tawse and with a squeal, Rashani 
collapsed into a corner, legs akimbo, her hand down 
the front of her squelching knickers.

Dazed, I lay there, hardly able to believe it was 
over, sobbing, seeing the pool of my tears and 
spittle that had already collected under my face. 
And then I felt it  the stinging warmth beginning 
to gradually dissipate, and becoming a tantalising, 
tingling sensation across my whole bottom. I 
dropped my head to the table again and groaned.

Judith was still behind me, but more gentle, more 
understanding now. I felt her hand slide across my 
burning arse and then the tips of her fingers gently 
probing my sticky cave. I moaned again at the 
sensation, and began writhing as she let two fingers 
slip inside me and ever so gently brush across my 
clit. The rubbing became more insistent and very 
soon I was purring, not caring that my scarlet bum 
was still on display, nor that I was being frigged 
off by my dominant colleague. The waves of pleasure 
mingled with the teasing, tingling of my bottom and 
suddenly I shivered with delight, hugging myself, 
and breathed "oh Gohdddd" as I came on her hand.

Judith's hot breath was on my neck as she bent over 
me.
"Now wasn't THAT a bit more interesting that the 
usual Tuesday night?" she asked.
