 ..dropping to my knees, fumbling with your belt, your zipper, reaching inside your pants to free your throbbing cock.. and kissing the head lovingly.. hungrily.. you push me back and down so that im kneeling before you; ass to heel.. and you open my mouth wide.. eyes closed..i feel you edge closer.. the toes of your boots touching my knees as you guide your cock into my mouth..

all the way til i feel the head hit the back of my throat.. then back out. over and over.. then you take a handful of my hair and begin fucking my face.. deeply.. a constant gurgle/gag elicits from my obediently opened mouth.. tears streaming down my face.. but i love it.. and you know it.. and it makes you fucking wild with lust.. 

you push all the way into my mouth.. your entire length.. and hold it there.. adoring the way your tear streaked fuckdoll looks on her knees, choking on your cock.. you finally release me and i reel backwards.. drool stringing from my lips to the head of your dick.. i return and devour you. .tongue flicking the tip, dancing along the length.. stroking the base with one hand and tugging at your heavy balls with the other.. sucking them into my mouth gently.. 

go to the chair, my dirty whore, you hiss and i stand.. take off your clothes off first, mel.. i begin pulling my shirt over my head whilst walking to the chair but you reconsider.. 'turn around and face me.. do it slowly.. i want to see you'.. i turn to you.. pulling my shirt over my head.. 

eaching back to unhook my bra and letting it fall off my shoulders and to the floor.. leaning over to push my jeans down to my knees.. then lifting one foot to slip them off.. then the other.. i reach for the waistband of my panties. and you stop me.. not yet, you say.. you reach to the dresser top beside you, open the drawer, and pull out a small silver vibrator 

you bring it over to me.. looking me deep in the eyes.. i can hear the hum and the sensation of you tugging at my gusset and pulling it aside.. then the cool smooth metal sliding up and down the now slippery folds of my aching pussy.. 'take it like a good girl.. and get yourself good and ready for me' you whisper..

 i oblige.. and begin circling my clit, sort of blushing all over.. looking you in the eyes as you meet my gaze.. im making myself wet.. doing all this work and you arent even watching.. just looking into my soul.. and stroking your cock gently.. 'are you good and wet, my one?' you ask, and i nod.. then you look down.. admiring the visible deep purple patch in my light lavendar panties.

 scooping me up at my waist so that im on my knees, my shoulders on the bed..you abruptly pull my panties down.. im on my knees, so they stop there.. you rather like the looks of my soaked panties around my knees like a proper whore.. waiting to be fucked or sucked or fingered or teased..

you abruptly spit on my asshole and bury a thumb inside slowly, but smoothly.. and begin fingering me slowly while you make your 'v' with your other hand above my clit to expose it to your loving, gifted tongue.. my body reacts wildly.. trembling..whimpering.. pain mixed with exquisite pleasure.. goddamnit, my one, you make me so fucking wet and happy and drunk.

 ..i can hear the clink of the chain of your wallet and the thud of the zippo hit the floor..and i know you've wriggled out of your pants somehow.. your thumb becomes still.. pressed in with obvious pressure.. and i feel your cock slip in to my aching pussy..just slightly..only the head.. and you stop.. 

 i can feel you grinning.. enjoying how your dick looks inside my pussy only an inch.. how im wriggling in agony.. wanting desperately to be fucked now.. fucked hard.. ureach around, palm on my belly and lift me up.. my back against your chest.. you whisper in my ear, 'do you want me to fuck u, my mel?' a hand moves down to part my lips and your finger caresses my pussy as you continue your verbal tease..

asking which hole you should spunk in. which one would look best with your cum oozing out in a few mins.. your questions arent intended for me to answer.. so i dont bother as you push me back down.. and flip me over..pushing the backs of my legs so that my knees are up at my ears.. you admire the way my cunt lips part just slightly as my legs are pressed to the bed.. and you drive your cock deep inside me.. i whimper.. then bite my lip as my eyes roll and my hands grip your sheets, knuckles white..

youre fucking me furiously now.. your balls banging into that sensitive spot between my pussy and my asshole.. i reach back behind you and pull your cheeks apart with my palms.. digging the tips of my long, slender middle fingers into you as i apply pressure and part you. you feel a rush of euphoria and respond by abruptly pulling out and turning around, rear facing, and straddling me..

FINGER MY ARSE, DIRTY WHORE! u hiss.. you push ur body forward and plant your palms on the bed.. i scoot up and onto my knees..burying my finger deep in my cunt.. you can hear my finger pushing in and out.. and then i sigh.. parting you and spitting..and then pushing my glistening finger inside you.. stroking your cock so perfectly.. baby, its all i can do not to cum all over the place right this min..

ur body is too relaxed to resist much..and i push gently thru until im fucking you, in and out, sooooo slowly, with the first half of my finger.. only an inch, if that, but deep in your tight fucking asshole.. i grin, having the upper hand for a change, and i guide you to roll onto your back.. adding, for good measure, that you'd best be careful..cos if u free yourself from this finger, its over.. and you'll just have to fuck me to oblivion. 

you consider it..but you take care.. and roll over, my finger still inside you.. you pull your legs back and apart..and i take your cock in my mouth.. sucking and slurping hard.. deep.. taking great pride in inching down until you're literally beyond my tonsils and your entire length is inside my mouth.. i moan deeply and your senses bend..

taking advantage.. i push my still wet finger all the way to the knuckle.. you tense.. just for a split second, then you're oblivious.. your adoring mel, fingering your asshole deep and hard and slow.. sucking you wildly.. like a perfect lil whore.. YOUR perfect lil whore.. RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWR. im gonna cum!!! omg!

