They slept until both of them woke up at the same time. They kissed for endless minutes, hands molding and shaping every curve and crevice of one another's body. They tenderly fondled each other to orgasm, finding their own pleasure one after the other. This time the release was slow, because of the fleeting time together. Plus, watching one another climax was becoming their favorite shared "turn-on". 

Michael would stroke Brian's cock, then caress each individual testicle. He would kiss Brian's lips, licking his neck and collar, ending up somewhere around the rosy nipples. With each jerk of his hand, he'd suckle at the pert nub, his tongue flicking and breath blowing. Brian would arch his back, call out Michael's name and somehow a hand would find Michael's face, rub and caress, tangle in his hair. Michael would venture back to kissing Brian ferociously, brown eyes mesmerized by hazel. In a near "virginal" voice, he would beg and plead in Brian's ear for him to cum. Michael would rather give a handjob, than a blowjob. It's not because he disliked the thought of mouths around dicks, thinking it was disgusting. Mainly he wanted control of his partner. He wanted the strength of his hand to take care of his lover's pleasure, much like the strength of his heart to love with his whole being.

And... blowjobs don't allow much for kissing Brian Kinney's lips.

Brian... would rather give a blowjob, because he thinks handjobs are somewhat lazy. And if the guy doesn't know what he's doing, for either... well, he's got his hands on the right area to hurt a man. Now, Brian took the exception to this rule because Michael had a way of not only making him feel he's cumming like a fucking freight train, but that he's being adored... loved, treasured. Brian likes the dirtiness of sex, the feral burn through bodies that can cause two becoming one to succumb to carnal desires. He'll start from the inner thighs, licking and lapping, inhaling as he reaches the scrotal sac. He isn't sure why, but rimming his partner is almost too filthy for him. He's got better uses for his tongue. Although, if asked nicely, Brian will attempt to hide his displeasure and service his lover.

Michael hasn't asked, Brian would never offer.

Once Brian has attended the testicles, sucking one sphere, then the other... he will lick up the underside of the rock hard cock. It rests stiff on the bed of pubic hair. As he reaches the top, he will quickly milk the domed tip, tasting the pre-cum of his lover's body. He'll use that and hot saliva as lubricant. He's never really calculated how many times he likes to go down on dicks before he'll give up and climb up the rest of the naked body. He's discovered Michael enjoys watching him swallow his length, remaining down there until he knows Michael's about to cum. Brian loves to watch Michael orgasm. As Michael ejaculates, Brian trails his tongue up the bare chest, playing with the dark rosy nipples. He can feel Michael spasming beneath him.

Brian's most favorite part comes next... kissing Michael Novotny's wanton mouth.

They decided they were hungry enough for food to cook, but they would do it nude. Michael always wandered around naked as if he needed a layer of fur, huddling and shivering. His body in tune to drafts in the air. Brian, on the other hand, was like molten fire, walking around as if he could snap his fingers and burst out a flame. Brian did everything possible to keep Michael from freezing, hugging him close to his body. He hovered at his back, rubbing the bony shoulders, kissing the pale cheek and neck. They managed to investigate the fridge enough to find an easy meal to cook in under fifteen minutes.

Michael stood at the stove (naked) with Brian curved around his body (naked), using his two arms to help with the cooking. Obviously... the food almost burned, because not only did they start feeding one another, they kissed awkwardly. Brian bent low, Michael backward over his shoulder. Brian caught the near meltdown, taking over the duty while Michael turned in his arms to nibble at the available neck and collarbone.

The meal was one they could share together, everything on one plate. Brian grabbed a beer, then looked for the flavored teas or a lemonade bottle that Michael liked. Michael picked up the plate, utensil and paper towels. 

If this moment were really them being a couple... they would have chosen to lounge on the couch, watching TV. Brian stretching out first, then Michael laying aligned with him. An afghan or two would be brought down to keep their bodily heat intact.

But now that the "affair" had begun... they couldn't take the chance of someone finding them out. More than anything... it was no one's business what they did. They chose to eat in Michael's bedroom, in the bed. They've done this before, but not after sex. It's new for them, but somehow not weird at all. They actually like this better than the couch because once they finish eating it's back to sex and cuddling. Well... that's really not the true reason. They've always loved laying in bed, snuggling close and having hushed conversations, laughing a lot. Adding sex into the mix was simply a great bonus.

When they woke up again... two hours later... and two more condoms gone from the pile, they showered together. They had showered earlier in the evening in their separate homes, but they feel like they're covered in one another's semen. And although they don't mind the lingering scent of sex on each others' skin... they know the public might think differently.

The shower scenario isn't all that sexy. Quite tame. No sex. They realized their second "one night" was winding down to a close the later it became. No... the shower turned into a romantic dance, like the unfolding of their love story. They washed their bodies alone, allowing one another to have time under the spray. But soon they wanted touch and connection. They re-washed their bodies, four hands working. They playfully shampooed one anothers' hair, sculpting ridiculous spikes or outrageously tacky mohawks. Then... they kissed, lingering awhile to take in their essences. They spun to douse them both under the water cascading down their bodies at the same time. Water was turned off, Brian reached for a big towel to dry off Michael. Michael grabbed the same towel to dry off Brian, knowing he's ticklish... this won't last.

Michael began the routine he started hours ago to get ready for Brian. Brian wandered into the bedroom to pick up Michael's discarded clothes, coming back to snatch up his own on the table. Brian walked in, setting the clothing on the toilet seat. He moved away to admire Michael's naked body from the back. He lifted his eyes to catch laughing brown ones in the mirror. He was momentarily stunned to silence. He always wondered about the answer to his one question to his life... and he found the answer. His "purpose"... why he's here ; living, breathing, taking up space...

It's Michael . 

If Brian could wake up each morning and see that face... make that same look... he knew he'd do whatever it took to keep Michael at his side. Maybe as his partner for life. Brian leaned on the door frame, adoring the sight of Michael's rear and thighs. As Michael swiveled, Brian savored the profile of cock and cock ring. God Damn... that... was all his.

Life... was too darn sweet...

Michael only turned halfway around because he knew Brian was staring at him. Michael scrunched his face, not really satisfied with how his hair was being uncooperative. When he'd caught sight of Brian's hazel eyes in the mirror, he blushed and smiled, giggling nervously. Hard to impress the person you're trying to impress when they were standing directly behind you. Michael wasn't truly nervous as much as shy, because Brian's eyes were looking at him in that hungry predatory fashion. Crazy thing was... right now, it was underlined with love and affection.

Early on in his crush for his best friend, Michael knew he'd do anything it took to make Brian Kinney pay attention to him. When that crush grew to lust in high school, Michael felt the hormonal change pelt him every day, like a voice saying "I hope he notices me like he does other guys". The lust grew to deep love and all Michael wanted was three little words from Brian's heart. Now... standing here... looking at Brian Kinney, naked and beautiful in his bathroom... after having two nights of unbelievable sex... Michael realized he felt all three as one combination of an emotion. He had thought he loved, wanted and needed Brian before, but this went way beyond his own imagination. Michael's damn sure this is his purpose... and he's looking right at him, smirking and eyebrow raised in wonder.

It's Brian. 

Michael is supposed to be here... loving, laughing, fucking Brian Kinney until the end of time. He was definite about one thing... he will do anything he can to make this work. To keep Brian as his and his alone. Even defy everyones' advice about how terrible a gamble Brian Kinney is in a committed, monogamous relationship. Michael's got one secret weapon no one else has... that's faith in Brian.

"Need some help?" Brian pushed off the doorjamb, quickly stepping to stand in front of Michael.

"Please..." Michael pouted, his shoulders tired from the hair designing he was doing. "... would you mind?"

"No, Michael." Brian's voice was soft and tender, like a loving boyfriend willing to sacrifice whatever it took to make his partner happy. "I don't mind. I don't mind at all."

As Brian began fixing Michael's hair, like he'd done before, he scraped hands over Michael's face. Michael closed his eyes in sweet ecstasy. He reached out to grip the ledge of the sink. "Don't make it too cool... I don't want anyone else to notice me... except you."

Brian chuckled, hazel eyes alight with gentleness. "I don't think it's the hair that makes men reject you."

Michael poked Brian in the ribs. "Thanks a lot!"

"Ow! I don't want anyone else to have you tonight... so I'll try to do something I like more than anybody else."

"You take care of me... so well..."

Brian dropped his eyes to stare into brown. "I do, don't I?"

"Yeah... I like it." Michael tilted up his face for a kiss, Brian obliged.

"There... okay... somewhat cool, yet hip and nerdy..." Brian spun Michael to face the mirror.

"Brian..." Michael rolled his eyes. "That looks how I always look."

"It's what I like, Michael." Brian soothed a palm over Michael's rounded backside, undercupping the ass cheeks to caress away soreness.

"Oh... okay..." Michael shrugged one shoulder, moving to pick up his jeans. "Uh... where's my underwear?"

"Oh... invisible. Like your cape." Brian picked up his leather pants, deftly slipping them on over his long legs and hiding his flaccid cock in the crotch area. He dressed in the rest of his clothes, watching Michael put on what he had planned to wear for the evening. "Can you... uh... wear a different t-shirt?"

"Why?" Michael turned to lean on the sink. When he crossed arms over his torso, grabbing his biceps, the hem drew high up on his stomach.

Brian pointed toward what was happening. "You'll catch cold."

"It'll be hot in the club, Brian. We go from Jeep to Babylon. What's the point of...?" Michael saw the fire in Brian's eyes as he tried not to keeping staring at the bare skin. "Ah... methinks I know why. You think I'm showing too much... belly cleavage?"

"Michael, I..."

"No. No... c'mere... don't walk away." Michael latched onto Brian's arm, sliding him to fit to his body. "Be honest with me... tell me what you feel. I'm not here to judge you. Besides... I think I'll like what I'm about to hear."

Brian looked down at Michael. "I'll give them your arms, just above your neck and maybe your calves, but... letting them see your belly..." He shook his head in utter disgrace with himself. "Shit... I can't believe I'm actually saying this."

"Wait... wait... Stay right here. Lemme go get my old microphone and tape player. I need to record this for posterity... or Guinness. I'm not sure, yet."

Brian snagged a single arm securely about Michael's waist, squeezing him to his chest. "They don't get to look at you like I do."

"Are you... acting jealous? And possessive?" Michael rested his brow on Brian's chin. He'd seen snippets of this in Brian before, but never with this much passion behind the jealousy.

"Uhm... yes..." Brian buried his face in dark hair. "Sorry. I knew it was in me to do and be... when it came to you."

Michael soothed Brian's back. "I really don't mind. I only wanted to wear it for you, when you arrived. I've got another shirt I can wear. No biggie." He quickly kissed Brian's cheek. "Be right back." On the way to his bedroom, Michael peeled the shirt off over his head.

Brian remained in the bathroom, trying to breathe properly. He turned off the bathroom light and exited the area into the rest of the apartment. He picked up his leather jacket, swinging it around to put on. He moved to Michael's makeshift closet, picking out a thicker coat for Michael to wear. He had it in his hands as Michael came out of his bedroom, closing the one open double door. Brian bit his bottom lip to see what Michael had traded for the other t-shirt. This one was even more tight, but covered the flat stomach. The problem was it was a dark color and still looked painted on Michael's torso. He could even detect the pert nipples. He held up the coat for Michael to slip into, with his help. He let Michael do the rest with zippers and closings.

Michael pocketed his apartment keys. "Want me to drive?"

They walked beside one another down the hallway to the stairwell. Michael jumped down first, walking much faster than Brian's purposeful steps.

"Nah... I'm okay... the beer I had at dinner wore off..."

When Michael reached the first floor, he stayed on the glass front door in the apartment complex's foyer. "The sex had to help." He leaned on the door handlebar, pushing it open.

Brian was slightly taken aback by Michael's quick comment, as if this was really happening for them. "Uh... yeah... in more ways than one..." He didn't take any meaning in Michael holding the door open for him, something he usually did when he was excitable. "Jesus..."

As they began to walk toward Brian's Jeep, Michael leaned into Brian's warmth. "What? What's wrong?"

"I don't know. Something." Brian unlocked the Jeep from a distance. “I might tell you later when I understand it myself.” He opened Michael's passenger door for him.

Michael had kept his hands in his pockets but drew them out to caress Brian's cheek. "Hey... Babylon is old familiar ground for us. No one pays attention to me, except when I'm with you. So... we do the dancing thing together... we act like we went our separate ways. No one'll know."

"Someone will... I feel it."

"Then... that someone..." Michael smiled, climbing inside the Jeep. He seated himself down and buckled in. "... must be killed." He said it in a very secret agent/hitman voice, without cracking one bit of laughter. He was more than serious.

Brian shut the door, leaning over the window ledge. "You're lying, right? Yanking my chain?" He didn't like the fact Michael wouldn't look directly at him. He'd never seen Michael have such a passionate violence for their relationship. Michael didn't scare him, but the possibility of Michael "killing" anyone for him... well, yeah... it kind of made him horny.

Michael stared straight ahead, through the windshield. "I don't 'yank' lightly over this, Brian. No one is fuckin' with my fantasy." His nice smile had disappeared.

Brian chuckled, climbing in on the driver's side. "Daaaa-yum, Mikey... you're a little spitfire." He rubbed his index finger down Michael's flushed cheek. He started the Jeep's engine, letting it warm up as he turned on the heater. He was slightly relieved when Michael broke out of his blank stare to turn a little in his seat to face him.

"No... see... here's what I'm thinking..." Michael plastered himself on the door frame to look at Brian's smiling features. "I've left you alone in this world, for almost 20yrs. I let guys fuck you and have you in every way I could only dream of. None of them... not one of them saw in you what I do... every damn day of my life. So you know what... screw... them!!" He didn't know if he liked the way Brian grinned, almost as if he'd known Michael would get this way once they had decided to actually involve sex between them. Was this how Brian felt about him? "Now that I have you... I'm not going back to the way we were. And more than anything the entire lot of Liberty Avenue can kiss my white ass! They just lost you... you're 'off the market'. Got it, Kinney!"

Brian couldn't stop laughing as he leaned over to kiss Michael on the lips. "Yes, Michael. This is your night... our second 'one night'. Whatever your devilish heart desires."

"You..." Michael pushed against Brian's lips, feeling his new found libido churning to possess Brian in front of God & Country... oh, and everyone in Babylon tonight. "... just you... only you..." Even as Brian tried to pull away back in his own seat to drive away, Michael was still attached.

Brian was a tad shocked by Michael's ferocious nature, never having seen it unless he was backed into a wall. This was certainly coming out for one reason alone. It was who Michael was now... and Brian couldn't have wanted this to happen more if he planned it in advance. "Well, then... happy to fulfill your every wish..." He drove away from the curb, his hand shifting gears on the floor. He always kept his hand there, but this time he wanted to touch Michael. He placed his palm on Michael's upper thigh, fingers tucked along the inseam of the tight jeans. He could feel Michael pulsating through the denim. Holy Shit... he tried to recall how many condoms they were bringing with them, but then recalled Babylon had some on the bars.

After awhile, Michael did place his own hand over Brian's, but grasped the shape like he was holding his hand. He wanted to go on touching Brian. He really wanted to do this without the "audience" constantly wishing to watch them... like they were on display. Some kind of freak show. He really wanted to tell Brian to turn around, take them back to his apartment or drive to Brian's loft.

Either way... Babylon wasn't looking so fun anymore. This was almost as difficult to think about than last night, with Ben. How was that possible?

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Ben was in the shower when he heard Lukas finally return. The noises sounded, the slam of one door, Lukas hitting pieces of furniture in the dark, then the slam of a second door. Ben stopped for a minute, turning off the shower knobs, making sure he wasn't going to get any surprise visitors in his bathroom. He switched the water back on, finishing up his shower. He would check in on Lukas shortly, but he'd allow a few more minutes to pass, taking care of his own things before bed. Towel around his waist, hand towel used to dry his short hair, Ben walked over to his dresser, finding the clothes he usually wore to bed. Fleece gym shorts, crisp white cotton t-shirt and his flannel robe.

He wandered over to his writing desk, intent on catching up on his fake journals and his thesis. He put on his glasses to peruse his legal pad notes, organizing them into some order so he could write from them later on. He took out the smaller notebook of the series of questions he hadn't gotten to ask Brian and Michael last night. He highlighted the ones that seemed most pertinent to him. As he was emptying his satchel, he noticed the video card from his camera that sat in its plastic carrying case. The footage he'd filmed last night of Brian and Michael's interviews and then the three hours of sex he'd given them. He sat back in his chair, rubbing at his brow. He almost couldn't believe it had happened only last night. Maybe he was so caught up in what was going on with Lukas that he really couldn't deal with his other problems right now.

Ben should be watching the filmed interviews to pick up on things he had seen or paid attention to, but he couldn't find the motivation to even try. The computer he used was in his office. It was a good excuse to use to not look. He realized he could watch it all on his camera, but for the first time in three months his mind wasn't on Brian or Michael. He was focusing his attentions on Lukas. He hadn't forgotten their near-kiss or the words out of Lukas' mouth. He wanted to understand what Lukas meant or if he had come to the right conclusion to what Lukas meant before he left this afternoon. He would backlog those awkward, sexualized moments until he could find out why his best friend came home in the first place. He knew it couldn't be because of the ex-boyfriend, Connor. Nor the loss of his almost-husband, Daniel. It wasn't even because of his father. Lukas hadn't truly missed home since college and it wasn't the reason he was here, either. He hadn't stepped one foot outside the apartment unless asked by Ben. This could only mean one thing... the problem affecting Lukas was... Lukas, himself.

He strolled out of his bedroom, tightening his robe's belt, heading toward the direction of the guest bedroom where Lukas stayed. Again, though Lukas shut the door, it wasn't closed all the way. Ben knocked softly, peeking his head around the paneling. The bedroom was dark, save for the light pouring from the lone window next to the tall dresser. Lukas was asleep, passed out face down on the bed. He managed to make a mess without even realizing, exhaustion overcoming his body.

The first thing Ben did was to gather all of Lukas' luggage, setting it off in one corner. It had been scattered on the floor and bed before he straightened it up. He saw that Lukas had one shoe on, one off. He took the one still remaining on off, pulling the socks too. He set them to the side, near the bench seat. Next, he tugged away the jacket that hung off one arm, Lukas never felt the disturbance. Ben attempted to lift and shift the dead weight to lay in a much more comfortable position on the mattress.

Lukas shuddered awake, Ben bent low to console Lukas. "Ssshhh... I'm only trying to help you get in bed."

"Danny...?" Lukas couldn't focus his eyes, nor his brain, in the dark.

Ben pursed his lips, brushing the curly bangs back from the furrowed brow. "No, Luke... it's Ben..." He blinked his eyes, ashamed at being jealous of someone he hadn't ever met. "... it's Jamie."

"Jamie?" Lukas fell back down on to the pillows. "Oh, shit... for a sec'nd you... fuck..." He brought a hand up to rub at his chest. "... you sounded like Danny. Same shape in the dark... an' stuff..." He was too far gone to elaborate.

"Do you need me to undress you?" Ben crossed arms over his chest.

"Nah... I'm good. Thanks." Lukas was out cold, softly snoring.

Ben bit the inside of his cheek, holding back a smile. He was trying to keep his frustrations in check. He was able to roll Lukas onto his back, lifting the hem of the worn t-shirt up the bare chest. The material came off with ease. He pulled back the covers, wanting to shove Lukas under them. As he managed to maneuver Lukas beneath them, the necklace he'd been frantically searching for earlier fell out of one of the jean pockets. Ben glanced down at Lukas, eyes drifting over the soft mat of dark blond chest hair. He might love the smoothness of men's skin, but he found chest hair quite erotic. He sat down on the side of the bed, hip against Lukas' hip. He reached out to lightly sift his fingers through the curls on the upper chest, caressing the bare flesh underneath. 

Lukas inhaled a deep shot of air, then exhaled on a long breath through his nostrils. His head was turned to the right, he tried to burrow his face into his shoulder and a pillow.

Ben admired the healthy body... the tight abdominal wall where a light spattering of hair tapered down to disappear into the thick waist under the waistband of the jeans. There was nothing ever "tiny" about Lukas. Ben ran the back of his hand over the tanned skin of the stomach. The move made Lukas fidget and turn to lay on his right side, facing Ben's body. His cheek buried fully into the plushness of the pillows. Ben slid up further, Lukas' chest curved about his hip.

He always found the blond curls on top of Lukas' head tempting to touch. Ben had the freedom to comb his fingers through them all he wanted, which he did. Lukas never moved, but his breathing became labored and heavy. Ben had no idea what to do next, besides crawl into the empty space behind Lukas' slumbering body. But Lukas didn't want him in his bed unless things in his life took a drastic change. Leaving was Ben's best bet.

As Ben got up to go, he found the necklace and pendant laying in the twisted comforter. He picked it up to make sure Lukas didn't lose it again. Ben had it in his hand ready to put it on the night stand when he looked at the medallion closer. "... at a time." was on the side he read, then he turned it to see, "One moment..."

"One moment... at a time." was the complete quote.

To Ben, the gold pendant looked like one of those chips they gave you at AA meetings when a member surpassed a specific point of the twelve-step program. The ones he knew of said something like "30days sober - One day at a time"... something cheesy/corny like that. It was a nice sentiment, but he wondered why Lukas felt it meant so much to his life.

As Ben turned to leave, he sensed a tightness around his dangling wrist.

Lukas had woken himself up, snatching Ben's arm. "Don't... don't go..."

"Luke... I'm not..."

Lukas sighed, closing his eyes. "Don't care. It's been so long since someone has simply held me in their arms... letting me fall asleep..." He could tell that Ben was hesitant. "I promise not to jump your bones... this time..."

"That's not what's worrying me." Ben turned to fully face Lukas, looking down at him on the bed.

"What's bothering you, then?"

"What about the... uh, earlier, before you left? We almost kissed. You said some things that I can't... Something happened..."

"Yeah, Jamie." Lukas smirked, opening his eyes to glance up at Ben towering above him. “It's called chemistry.” He felt his heart begin to race.

"But we... we've been best friends for so long. My family and your family... we all know one another and get along. We..." Ben had no thought to what point he was trying to make. He wasn't making much sense to himself.

"Christ!" Lukas rose up to one elbow. "It was an 'almost' kiss... not a declaration of love..." He paused, realizing that he had made such a comment on his way out the door. "... uhm, scratch that... I didn't ask for your hand in marriage."

Ben shook his head, watching how Lukas was moving his hand around his wrist. "I don't understand this..."

"This... what?"

Ben moved to sit on the bed again, making Lukas shuffle over. "I've got these memories of you, from the past. Good memories. I had feelings for you back then, but never acted on the emotions. The way you were with me, I took it to mean you didn't want me. Since then, we've built this relationship to be only friends, no matter how close we got. We don't see one another for a year or more and..." He had to look away to gather what he wanted to say next.

"And what?"

Ben turned to stare down at Lukas. The hand was now resting on his forearm, placed on his bent knee. "I'm getting those 'feelings' again... for you. The ones I hid away to protect myself." He reached out to brush his fingers through the wayward curls. "I've got 11yrs of our friendship inside me, yet... I'm finding there's things about you you've never let me see. And... I want in." His hand slid down Lukas' cheek, the green eyes closed. "Not because I'm nosy or curious, but I'm not sure if what I feel for you can simply go away again. And if it did change... would we lose sight of who we are or what we are together?"

Lukas blinked up at Ben's intense blue gaze. "Are you scared of losing me, if I leave tomorrow?"

"No." Ben shook his head, leaning down close to Lukas' face. "What does scare me... is possibly letting the best thing in my life walk away without attempting to discover what it is that sits here... between us..." He shifted his hand between their chests. "Because... it's no longer simply being each others' family and close friends..."

Lukas hefted himself up, his face even with Ben's. "Do you love me?"

"What?"

Lukas actually chuckled, leaning his head back. "Simple question, Jamie. A 'yes' or a 'no'." He brought his hand up to cup Ben's cheek, his thumb rubbing over the sweating upper lip. It kind of tickled him to be unsettling Mr. Unshakable Ben Bruckner.

Ben was momentarily stunned into silence. He had asked both Brian and Michael this question last night about one another; Michael had told Brian exactly what Lukas had spoken. He felt chilled to have the question turned around back to him.

Lukas could see the shock in Ben's face, the fright in his wide eyes. "Jamie... what... what's wrong?"

“I don't really know.” Ben blinked, clearing his throat. "But I think I just got a taste of my own medicine."

"Huh?"

"Nothing. Not important."

Lukas nodded his head in agreement, leaning his temple on Ben's jaw. "Not to be rude or anything... I realize we need to talk, but if I don't get some shut-eye in the next ten minutes... you'll be liable to lose me." He lifted his head, flashing one of his charming smiles at Ben. "I don't like nodding off during conversations, especially if you talk about me or say something important."

Ben snickered, gesturing with his head. "Scoot over." He stood up, undoing his bathrobe belt.

Lukas fluttered his lashes up at Ben. "Didja ever think... maybe... this was my side of the bed?"

"Luke, you sleep in the center or you're all over the mattress. You have no side."

"Ah... you've always seen me alone in bed. Not when I'm sharing it with a nice, warm body. Then I have a side."

"Fine." Ben brought his robe over to lay it at the foot of the bed, walking around to the left side.

"Awww..." Lukas chuckled, watching Ben stomp around in his bare feet. "Stop grumbling. I was only pulling your leg." He hopped to the left side as Ben rounded the corner of the bed frame. Blue eyes flashed such anger, with a hint of a smirk. Ben turned to pace toward the right side of the bed, so Lukas shuffled over to the right side. Ben hadn't completed the turn when he noticed what Lukas had done. He stepped high onto the bench, hefted his tall frame up and climbed onto the mattress from this direction. Ben had both feet planted dead center on the bed. Lukas was relaxing on his elbows, dead center, as well. He crooked his head to gaze up at Ben's fiery glare. "My... you look taller in bed, Jamie."

"Scoot. Over." Ben commanded again, waiting for Lukas to make a final decision.

"Where?"

"Don't care. Wherever I'm not." Ben shrugged his shoulders, hands on hips. "I could just lay on you the whole night, if you won't choose in the next few seconds."

"Sounds good to me, but how about we do 'rock, paper, scissors'?"

"I thought you were tired." Ben fell to his knees, still seated at the end of the bed.

Lukas yawned, patting his mouth. "I am. But... I've got Benjamin Bruckner in my bed." He petted himself on the back. "I'm awful proud of myself."

Ben quirked an eyebrow up in curiosity. "Why?"

Lukas sat up, bending his knees. He wrapped his arms around his kneecaps. "Well... you think you're the second coming of Brian Kinney. Once you take over his title of King of Liberty Avenue... I'm standing in line to be your first 'notch'."

Ben snickered, shaking his head at how not funny Lukas could be. "Go to sleep, Luke." He figured he'd crawl into one side and let Lukas slide on over.

"Wow! Look at you..." Lukas put a delicate hand to his throat. "All manly... forceful and demanding of me. I don't know why, but I'm feeling this need to take off all my clothes. Maybe only my jeans..." He did exactly that, chucking them off the bed. "Boy, Jamie... it's like a virus took over me..." He wiped at his skin as if he was profusely sweating. "... or a fever. Is this what it looks like when Kinney turns into the Gay Succubus? Wait... wait... does he brainwash men or is his sperm filled with tiny microchips?"

Ben smacked Lukas with a pillow. "Stop laughing at my expense."

"You... are so easy. In more ways the one."

"Luke..." Ben was attempting to settle under the covers.

"I know... I know... going to sleep. When did you get so boring, Jamie?"

"Don't you know... I've always been a snore-fest."

"No, I didn't know. I'm so sorry. Now that I do know... can you read me a bedtime story?"

"Luke..."

"Okay. Fine. Shutting up."

"You can be the most talkative tired person." Ben took off his wire framed glasses, setting them on the nightstand.

"It's a talent I've perfected."

They both lay on their backs, under the comforter and blankets.

"Luke..."

"What?"

Ben flipped over on his left side. "Did I really fail you?"

~~TBC...