The Parking Lot

Bryan's tug on their hand sent them forward.  Trish grabbed at
him and tried to stop him.  Her face was flushed from their dance
on the floor.  She looked down at her legs.  They were wet from
the foam but she knew the streaks of semen and girlhoney were
there as well.  "Bryan, I need to go clean up," she said as she
grabbed at the back of his shirt.

"No, sweetie.  I like it when you are covered in my cum, baby,"
he practically yelled over the music.  She died again insidas a
couple of girls looked over at her.  She threw them a wide smile
and followed him.  Bryan's hand was planted firmly in Lara's back
as he steered her through the crowd to the door.

Lara burst through the door first.  She took in a deep breath of
fresh air and gathered herself for a moment.  She gave a lil
shiver as the cool night air carressed against the now bare
pussy.  Bryan's hand slipped under her skirt as he came up behind
her.  His hand roved over the curve of her ass and slid in
between her legs to find the sweet spot.  She let out a small
gasp as his finger just grazed the opening of her throbbing cunt.
 Trish yelped as they all stopped short, not paying attention and
almost running into the two of them.  "Where are we going,
Bryan?" she asked him as her hands gripped at his hips. She stood
up on her tippytoes and peeked over his shoulder.  She laughed a
bit as she saw his hand teasing under Lara's skirt.  "Oh, so
that's where we are going," Trish said and glided past the two of
them to make her way to the truck.  She gave a sassy toss to her
head and wiggled her hips a tad more seductively before spinning
and gesturing for the two of them to hurry up.

Bryan pushed Lara forward.  He held her for an instant to make
sure she didn't fall.  He took her small hand in his tugged her
after the other girl.  He weaved his way through the parking lot,
in and out of the cars, keeping the girl moving with him, not
letting her think, making her just do.  They finally got to the
truck and found Trish standing there.  Her head rested back on
the black Laramie.  Her eyes closed as she took in deep breaths
of the fresh air.  It carressed her lungs and refreshed her.  She
opened her eyes as she heard Bryan and Lara come up.  She gave a
soft grunt as Bryan pressed his body against her, forcing her
into the unyielding metal of the black truck.  She slowly flicked
her eyes up to him.  He looked down at her and stated very
simply, "You didn't clean up my cock, Trish."  She groaned softly
at him.  Her lips pouted before she peeked up at him.  "Yes,
Bryan, of course."  With those words she slid down the hot
blackness of the truck, squatting in front of him as she unzipped
his pants.  She took in a deep breath and smelled the mingling of
their juices on him.  His hands reached up and grabbed the edge
of the truckbed holding himself.

Lara stood back and watched as Trish responded immediately to his
words.  She silently wondering to herself if it turned the other
girl on as much as it turned her on.  Trish's unspoken
submissiveness to Bryan continued to amaze her with every turn. 
She watched as Trish removed his cock from his pant and slipped
her tongue around it.  She could hear the sucking and lapping as
the girl cleaned his cock for cum and slutjuices.  She squeezed
her thighs together as she watched, unable to turn away.  Bryan
looked over his shoulder at Lara.  "Lara, come to me," he said as
he other hand reached down to grip Trish's long dark locks. 
Trish whimpered softly as she was tugged off his now hardening
cock.  She licked at her lips, tasting him there, but following
Bryan's insistent tug upwards.  Bryan let go of Trish's hair, his
hand trailing down her face for a moment before turning to Lara.
His reached his hand up to her face and trailed a finger over her
full red lips.  "Suck my cock, Lara.  Get me ready for your nice
tight ass."

Lara's lil face screwed up and a thousand thoughs raced through
her head.  "He couldn't possibly mean here, right.. I mean, what
if someone saw us.. and then.. did he say fuck my ass??" she
thought.  The words stumbled over one and another.   Her skin
flushed even as she looked at him.  He smiled as she sunk down in
front of him.  His hand gripped her hair. He tugged her forward.
"Gag on my cock, Lara.  I want to hear it.  You know how much I
want it deep in that whore throat of yours.  Nasty whores like to
gag on cocks.  So gag on me," he whispered in a tight controlled
voice.  She shivered as she moved forward to his cock.  Her
tongue twined out of her mouth and touched at the head of it. 
She licked slowly on him before finally wrapping her lips over
him.  She moaned softly over his cock head letting the vibration
move through his shaft.

Bryan's hand gripped onto the edge of the truck. He shifted
slightly planting his feet so she could angle herself better into
him.  He dropped his gaze to the ground, looking at the two
girls.  His other hand moved Lara's face up and down on his cock.
 He moaned as he heard Lara gag on him.  Her faced buried deep
into his crotch.  She sucked and slurped for a moment before
pulling backwards off him.  She nibbled on the cockhead with her
lips before sliding him full length into her throat.  Her eyes
started to water as his cock pushed into her gag reflex.  "Mmmmm.
 That's a very good girl, but stop trying to make me cum, Lara. 
I'm fucking your ass tonight.  Do you want me to fuck your ass?"
he asked her.  He looked down at the girl and watched her squirm
under his grip.  He knew the clash that was occurring inside her
right then.  She pulled off his cock, slurping as she did.  "I
just.. here? I mean... you want to fuck me here.. I mean..
Fuck...Bryan..What if someone sees us?", she asked.  She looked
up at him and her eyes pleaded.  His grip twisted in her hair. 
He knew the fight that was happening in her right then.  "Do you
want to make me happy, Lara?  A good girl who lets me fuck her in
the ass will make me happy," his voice whispered. The tone of his
voice had lowered and darkened, a more demanding quality edging
through it.  Lara's chest heaved as she took a deep breath. Her
pussy twinged with each word he said to her.  Her mind fought her
body, each wanting to let go.  She tightened, and Bryan watched
her become still.  She looked up at him, her eyes searched for
his.  She took a deep breath and spoke her words in harsh
whisper, "Yes.. please.. fuck me, Bryan... fuck my ass.. I need
you to fuck my ass.. Bryan.. please..".

He grinned and tugged the girl to her feet.  He pulled her to the
back of the Laramie.  The tailgate was already down as he placed
her hands on the edge of it.  He spread her legs with his foot
and found the right height for her.  His other hand lifted up the
denim skirt and let his hand carress at her flesh.  He mmmmmmm'd
softly to himself as he touched the velvety soft skin.

Lara's hands tightened on the tailgate.  She gripped it so hard
her knuckles turned white as she felt the skirt lift up behind
her.   Her face flushed hotly with color as he rubbed at the
asscheeks.  Her pink pussy lips glistened up at him as he took a
moment to look her over.  "Trish, I'm going to need some lube so
I can fuck this good girl in the ass.  Come here."  Trish stepped
to his side and looked up at him.  He chuckled and pointed to his
cock as he turned to her.  "Suck my cock get and wet so I can
take Lara's ass right here at my truck.  Isn't she slutty for
letting me do that, Trish?"

Trish smiled and patted Lara's ass cheek once before squatted on
the ground in front of him.  "Oh yes, I would say getting fucked
in the ass in a parking lot is very very slutty, Bryan."  Lara's
tummy tightened as she heard them having a complete conversation
about her! She dropped her head between her arms and tried to
calm herself.  Her whole body shooked with nerves and still she
fought the heat that seethed through her cunt.

Trish's fingers slipped over Bryan's cock and slowly pulled him
into her mouth.  She let out a soft sigh as his cock pushed back
into her throat.  She corkscrewed her face on him, every ounce of
his cock getting buried deeper into her mouth.  She let the spit
glide down him as he face-fucked her.  Her fingers smearing the
spit over his shaft.  Bryan groaned as he pulled her off his
cockhead,  "Naughty girl.  Trying to get me to cum in your mouth.
 We'll discuss that later." Trish whimpered as his now soaked
cock left her lips.  She nodded softly, a pout still on her lips
as she moved to lean agains the truck body and watch.

Bryan smile at Trish before positioning himself behind Lara.  His
hand raised and landed with a loud *smack* on her upturned ass. 
Lara cried out as the hard smack seared her flesh.  His hand
rained down a series of hard smacks on her.  She jerked each time
a slap landed.  His finger then slipped into the tight pussyhole
and found it soaked. He twisted and turned his finger,  fucking
in and out of it.  Lara couldn't help but pump back onto his
fingers.  Her pussy clenched at him.  She was greedy for more
fingers and for more fucking.  She lifted her voice.. "Oh fuck,
Bryan.. please.. fuck me in the ass.. please.... please.. just..
fuck me.. I need you to fuck me.. ". Bryan took his
spit-slathered cockhead and pressed it to the tight rosebud of
her ass.  She arched as he gripped her hips and pushed into her.
He started to churn in small tiny strokes, forcing the tight
opening to take him with each small press.  Lara's fingers
grasped at the tailgate, trying to hold herself for him as he
took the tight hole.  Bryan leaned over her and grabbed one of
her hands and slipped to her cunt.  "Play with yourself while I
fuck you in the ass, Lara.  Get that pussy nice and hot."

Lara's fingers didn't need further urging as she started to grind
onto her hand.  Each grinding motion sending him back onto his
cock.  She let out small cries as she opened to him, the nerve
endingd vibrating as he took her.  She let out a sharp cry as the
large head of his cockmeat slipped past her rosey assbud.  Her
fingers buried themselves into her pussy as she started to hump
like a whore onto his cock.  Her hair tossled as she moved,
falling into her face and sticking on the sweat that beaded her
forehead.  Bryan gave a sharp grunt and pressed harder into
Lara's ass.  His cockshaft buried halfway.  His lifted again and
let another stinging slap fall on the upturned asscheek.  Lara's
harsh cry parted from the ruby red lips.  Her head tossed back in
his grip.  Her hand rubbed at the fuck oyster for her clit
sending the searing heat inside her.  Bryan forced himself to
stop pressing into her as the slut on his cock bucked and fucked
herself onto him.  Her assmeat slid further down his cock. 
Bryan's eyes closed, the tight ass clenching down as the girl
need increased.  Bryan let go of her hair and grabbed Lara's
hips.  With one final push he buried his cock deeply into her. 
His balls pressing against her flesh. Lara let out a cry edged
with pain, desperation and need as she felt him pierce into her
core. He let a soft moan of satisfaction cross his lips as he
reached for her.  His hand went up to her stomach, lifting her
against him. His other hand found its now familiar spot in her
hair.  His hand found his way up to her nipples, pinching them
harshly.  Lara gasped as his hand wound itself around her neck
holding her there.  Bryan's voice threaded into her air, "I want
you to tell me what you are, Lara.  Give it to me.  Tell me what
a slut you want to be for me.  I want to hear it, Lara.  Tell me
how much of a slut you want to be when you cum with my cock
buried in your ass and your hand in your pussy.  Say the words,
Lara, and beg me to cum."

Lara's eyes widened as she jerked her head from him.  She started
to shake as he pushed her against another threshold.  She shook
her head, unable to speak for a moment before stammering out what
she thought was a comprehensible reply, "Bryan.. I can't... I
can't do that.. I'm.. not.. I'm not a slut.. please, don't make
me does this... "

Bryan turned her face slightly, looking at her.  His voice
becoming knife-like as he spoke again, "Lara, you're a slut. 
You're in a parking lot with my cock buried in your ass.  You
have your hand in your pussy.  Now tell me what you are, Lara,
tell me what you are and how much you want to cum on me.  Tell me
what a dirty slut you are and how much you want my cum in your
ass."  He held her throat, squeezing it gently as he tried to
cull the last form of resistence from the girl before him.

Lara's eyes flicked to Bryan's, her teeth biting on her lower
lip.  Every nerve in her body screamed as she tried to move.  Her
ass ached, filled with his cock.  Her pussy screamed with need. 
Every word he was saying hit something in her core.   She let out
a small sob, a set of tears starting to form in her eyes. 
"That's right, Lara. Give me your tears.  Break for me.  Give me
what I want," he whispered to her.  His mouth was inches from her
ear as he spoke, sending a set of shivers down her spine.

Lara's voice finally came with a jagged sob as the last of the
resitance broke inside her.  Her head spun as she spoke, knowing
once she crossed the line she could never go back.  "Please,
Bryan.. I'm a slut.. I'm a nasty dirty slut who wants to cum all
over your cock.. I love being a slut for you.. Please.. I need to
cum like a dirty whore on your cock, Bryan.. please... let me cum
with you... Please, Bryan.. I'm a slut for you.. please... ".

Bryan let out a groan as her words spilled out, the words a song
to him.  His hand left her neck tojo hand buried into her pussy.
He started to rub the sweet cunt with her.  His hips thrust
forwarding fucking into her.  He placed both hands on her hips as
his strokes lengthened to fuck the sweet tight ass of the slut
before him.  His cock banged into the sweet asshole.  The girls
soft sobs sending him into a dark spin.  He groaned as his
stomach tightened and he started to cum, "Cum for me Lara.  Come
like a good slut that you are, show me how much of a slut I've
made you.. ".

Lara's tears fell on her face, yet her body responded to the
words.  Her hips bucked as the fuck oyster in her finger burned,
exploding with need.  Her sweet slut cunt tightened and made her
buck harder as his cock started its final brutual raping into her
asshole  He took her, like a slut needs to be taken. His cum
starting to spurt into the slut.  Her sobs rang in his ears. 
They churned on each other, each one forcing the other to cum
harder.  Lara's pussy drenched her legs with sluthoney, coating
her with a gleam of lust.  Bryan's grunts came louder and louder.
 Lara's ass bucked harder. He thrust deeper as a final spasmodic
orgasm blitzed through him.  His hand twisted her hair to turn
her face to him so he could see the tears of submission as they
poured down her cheeks.  Lara's pussy exploded as her orgasm
rolled through her.  Every fiber of her felt like it split open
as the intense pleasure cascaded through the core of her.  Her
hands gripped at the truck, her sobs echoed in her ears, and her
pussy responded like it never had before.

Bryan held her for a moment as the intensity of the orgasm
started to settle down. He dropped his head so it rest on her
back, taking deep breaths to calm down.  Lara shook softly as she
still cried from her admission and the mind-blowing orgrasm. 
Bryan reached up and soothed her hair, his hand roaming down her
body, calming her.  "Its okay, baby.  The first time is always
the hardest, I promise.  You were such a good girl."  Bryan
slipped his cock out of her with a soft muffled groan and quickly
tucked himself into his pants.  Lara let go of the tailgate, her
legs buckling slightly. Bryan caught her. He picked her up in his
arms and opened the cab of his truck and settled her in the back.
 He sat down next to her and pulled her into his arms.  His large
hand carressed her face and body soothing every bit of her.  He
wiped away her tears as she pressed her face closer to him.

"You were a good lil slut, Lara," Bryan said.  His hand stroked
her face.  "And I enjoyed making you that way."


