"No. Absolutely not." Cauthrien crosses her arms, gaze focused on Zevran. She pointedly does not look down at the sprawling bed between them.

He grins. "Oh, my dear Ser Cauthrien, there's no need to pretend to be embarrassed! I will not judge you!"

Her expression doesn't change. "I hate you with every fiber of my being, Antivan." She hasn't had occasion to call them that in weeks, but the epithet falls from her tongue easily. The room is too small and close, and despite the barrier the dark wooden bedframe poses, with its gauzy red curtains and excessive pillows, he's far too near to her for his own safety.

Uncaring of the fire in her eyes, he chuckles. "Now, now, do not flatter me too much." He moves lazily to sit on the edge of the bed, then recline against a gold-threaded bolster. He's changed for the occasion, his leathers abandoned for tight-fitted trousers tucked into his beloved Antivan boots and a high-collared, dark shirt with red embroidery. She thinks he looks ridiculous.

But the fabric he has laid out for her, the opalescent scraps- "That? That does not count as clothing. I am not wearing that."

"Well, we can walk you in naked, yes? Perhaps it shall be even more effective!"

Cauthrien growls, hands now clenching into fists at her sides, trying desperately not to strike out at him. It's difficult.

Zevran purses his lips a moment before sitting up and leaning over to settle a hand lightly on her elbow. She jerks away and he sighs. "Look, querida. This will be our best chance."

"I refuse to believe that this is the only option you could come up with. Sneak into his estate on your own! We can cause a distraction at the door. I'm not going to-"

"It would be needlessly dangerous," he interrupts, shaking his head. He beckons, as if she would actually sink onto the mattress with him. She bats away his hand.

"Then I challenge him to a duel. You challenge him to a duel."

"He will refuse."

She throws her hands up. "Then get one of the other girls! Janine?"

"She does not speak Orlesian. And he does not go for blondes."

"Well, one of the translators."

"I don't know them well enough to trust with something this important. And they would be at risk if he turned violent. Look, it is only a night, two at most, if our information is correct. You have survived worse, I'm sure."

Cauthrien groans, pressing the heels of her hands against her eyes. She's ensconced in the protective shell of her armor and has rarely been more thankful for it. They're standing in one of the back rooms of a Jader brothel; there's a press of heat and smoke and sex around them, and while Zevran seems more at ease than she's ever seen him, she's tense from head to toe. Bad enough to be thought a patron.

Zevran wants her to pretend to be one of the girls.

My friend, he'd told the madame, my friend wishes to play the whore for the night! Oh yes, she's possessed of strange proclivities. Do not be dissuaded by her martial appearance - she plays roles like an actress. Yes, yes- and she does not ask to keep the pay! And here, a bonus for your troubles.

Strange proclivities.

She had wanted to snap his slender neck.

And she'd been forced to translate between them, his Common too florid and fast for the madame and the madame's Common too businesslike to express her interest and acceptance.

She thinks her skin must still be on fire from that.

"Cauthrien," Zevran murmurs, his voice softer and closer to her. She drops her hands and looks over to him. He isn't touching but he is holding out his hand to her, expression less mocking than before. "I would not ask this of you if I did not think you could do it."

"It isn't a matter of ability," she says, voice equally soft. "It's a matter of pride. I-"

Zevran looks down at the costume he's found for her. "Loghain would not approve, yes?"

She nods, the motion hesitant and jerky as she thinks clearly for the first time how her lord (or her father or her mother or so many others) would have reacted. To see her reduced to an Orlesian whore-

She pales with the feeling of the word constricting around her. "I will not do this."

"Two nights, querida. I promise, and then it is done. You sit with him, you giggle, you smile, you bring him back to the room- and he takes a knife to the back of his spine. He is killed by his lust for a Fereldan farmer's girl, yes? Poetic. Think of that. And I will be there. You only have to look the part." He takes her hand lightly and pulls her to sit on the bed. She allows it, perching on the edge. "Two nights, and if he has not shown himself by then, our information is wrong and we look for another way."

Cauthrien swallows hard, teeth clenched- then nods again. She closes her eyes, shoulders sagging. "... Fine. I'll- try."

"That is all I ask. Now, change, yes? And then I'll apply your paints."

She grunts assent. "Then get out."

He inclines his head, then pulls himself from the bed. "Of course. I'll return in a moment - wet your hair, too?"

"Get out."

He bows when he reaches the door. And then he's gone and she's left alone with the twisting feeling of the anticipation of battle mixed with shame and wounded pride, the scent of the perfumed sheets cloying and overwhelming as she lets herself fall back against the pillows.
--
They arrived in Jader almost a week ago. The wagons and oxen are outside the city gates, watched over by their bullocky. She hates to leave Loghain's map behind, but they have been moving often between inns and taverns, and after tonight they will likely be holed up in a small safe house. It would have gotten lost in the chaos of the mission.

She groans inwardly at the thought of what's to come. Her costume sits on her uncomfortably. She isn't built for silk and lace, a corset nipping in her waist, her smalls bared to the world and covered in ruffles.

Janine, the almost-Sister-turned-mercenary, and the others are scattered around the city. A few of the hired swords will be coming to join them at the brothel once night falls. The rest are relaxing or keeping track of Lorraine's movements, listening for rumors and scouting out his local estates. Zevran had finally decided on this ploy of his only a few nights before, leaving the two of them alone, the rest of her people too far away to command. It grates, being dragged from her element.

She's sitting now with strips of fabric holding her hair in curls as it dries, Zevran kneeling between her legs and leaning forward to paint careful lines along her face. He's covered her skin from her hairline down to the tops of her shoulders in white paint, smudged at the edges to blur into her natural color. Now he lines her eyes with some sort of shimmering blue-green pigment. It flashes gold when he tilts the small pot. She fights to keep her eyes open, her gaze up towards the ceiling. She fights not to flinch.

To keep her mind off of the tickling swipe of the ox-hair brush, she asks a question that's bothered her since the first lilting words of Orlesian reached her ear, before they'd even reached the walls of Jader.

"Tell me again why that Orlesian bard companion of yours isn't on this job? She would be the logical choice. She speaks the language and has the connections. And she could dress up like- like- ... this."

Zevran hums thoughtfully. "Well, Georgiana handpicked me for this mission. And she doesn't like Leliana anywhere near as much as she likes me." He drags the brush along her lower lid, then up and out in a curling line along her temple. Face painting is in season, he had told her - playful mimicry of the masks so popular among the upper classes these days.

The sliding touch makes her nose wiggle. "You know, I don't believe that."

He lifts his brush from her skin. "Haha! Well. There may have been occasions where the two would sing and dance, tempting and taunting poor Alistair."

"And you," she says, taking a deep breath before he moves to her other eye.

"... And me, perhaps. On occasion," he confesses with a smile she can see at the edges of her vision. "But- no, the real reason is that Georgiana sees me as the assassin and spy, Leliana as a singer and performer. I keep trying to tell her, you know the woman is a bard, not a minstrel, but no. Georgiana will not listen. And Leliana, well, she is basking in court while she talks of returning to the Chantry. Claimed bad blood between her and other members of her Game when I asked her to come along. And, to be quite honest, I think I prefer you dressed, as you say, like this."

He sits back on his heels, surveying his work. As he screws a lid back onto the blue-green pot and sets it aside, drawing the brush along his palm to blot the remaining pigment, he purses his lips. Thinks. Then he bends to picks up another jar of another color. It looks like a smooth, rosy pink, then shifts to green as he tips the glass to one side.

Orlesian paints are not natural, she decides, sighing and nodding. "I look ridiculous," she mutters as he leans forward again, now adding color to her eyelids and the designs along her temples and along the bridge of her nose. She closes her eyes at a light touch.

"Oh, I beg to differ. You look delectable. I know many men who would be unable to walk, if they were to see you like this."

She blushes, the heat oddly tight from the weight of paint on her cheeks.

"This isn't me."

"No," he concedes, and there's a rattle of jars. Another color. She doesn't look to see what it is. "No, it is not you. But it is attractive." The cool press of the brush to her skin is slowly growing comforting. He works smoothly, thoughtfully. There's another rattle and then his fingers are on her skin, rubbing small circles on her cheeks.

"I don't want to know what I look like."

"Then I will not describe you. But rest assured, it would all be flattering."

His fingers brush her shoulders now, those same circular motions, and she relaxes somewhat. They've assumed a careful distance since that night in Gherlen's pass, but his touch easily brings back memories of the woods, the feel of bark against her back, the sight of him beneath her. She ignores thoughts of the awkwardness that followed.

Yet another rattle; she hopes it will be the last.

"Open your mouth, cariña," he murmurs. It draws an unexpected shiver from her and she complies.

The brush, cool and smooth, touches the center of her lower lip. He's covered even her lips with the white paint, and now he repaints her smile - a small circle on the bottom of her lips, two small, rounded peaks on the top. The shape he paints isn't even half the width of her mouth. It feels ridiculous, but the slide of paint is oddly, intensely sensual. She shifts in her seat, fingers clenching around it.

He chuckles, his hands trailing up her shoulders, her throat, coming to rest in her hair where he begins to unknot the rags, letting down soft sausage curls. He murmurs in her ear:

"Keep your lips parted a moment longer, while it dries. And then, I think, it is time for your debut."
--
Cauthrien thinks she might scream from the weight of all the eyes on her.

Zevran whispers to her that it's because she's the new girl, it's because she's gorgeous, but she's sure it's more that everybody can see that she doesn't belong. The real workers can't appreciate that she's here supposedly on a whim, because she thinks their life is sensual, erotic. They certainly can't appreciate, if they've heard, that she's letting the madame take all of whatever she makes.

She hopes to make absolutely nothing, of course, but they don't know that.

Zevran assures her that she's just being paranoid, but he can't understand the whispered (and sometimes not whispered) comments.

Soon, though, it's only the patrons watching her. Everybody else has exhausted their supply of amused or distrustful or outright hateful looks while she sits only with Zevran on a small couch. He's arranged her so that her legs are draped over his lap and he's removed one of her heeled shoes, fingers idly playing with her ankle, her heel, the ball of her foot. After a few moments of ticklish tension, she's relaxed into it. His hands and heat are familiar and are the only reason she hasn't fled.

Foot massages, she thinks, wryly. She drums her fingers on the upholstery, then leans back against the arm of the couch, her head falling back as she looks up at the ceiling. She tries to remember to smile. She tries to look languid.

She tries to ignore the feeling of what seems like a hundred men and women, staring at her barely-covered breasts and the exposed line of her throat.

How long have they been there? Hours? Only minutes? It seems like an eternity, though, especially when other men come close and begin speaking to her - sometimes in Common, sometimes in Orlesian, always with a smile that sets her teeth on edge. She doesn't know how to flirt and so she tries to remember how Zevran behaves. How she's seen women behave around Zevran. She looks up through her lashes, smiles, makes noncommittal comments.

Zevran usually intervenes to say that she's taken for the evening.

His fingers, on occasion, dance up along her legs and her eyelids flutter for a moment, her lips parting slightly. She twitches in his lap and he laughs in return. She kicks lightly at him and he catches her foot again, fingers kneading and massaging until she relaxes again.

It goes on like that, interminably, until the door to the brothel opens and the madame crosses the floor in a bustle of skirts. Cauthrien hears greetings to a lord, a Comte, and she looks over. Zevran does as well.

It's him.

She has never seen him and he's thirty years older than the last time either of her parents did, but Zevran has caught a glimpse and their contacts more. Albret Lorraine is in his sixties, his long hair gone grey and restrained in a single braid that is festooned with feathers and golden trinkets. He doesn't wear a mask, not here, but there is paint around his eyes, fading slightly into the wrinkles surrounding them. He is tall and lean, his shoulders broad - built like a soldier, like the Chevalier he is, even if he no longer fights.

He wears purple silk and an identifying silver sash that fastens with the emblem of his house, a lapwing and twinned stalks of wheat.

"Time to go to work," Zevran purrs to her, nudging her to sit upright. She takes a deep breath and drapes herself over the back of the couch, eyes fixing on Lorraine. She tries to smile as she feels the couch bow slightly, then rise, as Zevran stands up. As he walks around the couch, he reaches out to play with a lock of her hair and she shivers, eyes falling half-lidded.

Lorraine notices. His eyes meet hers from across the room for half a second, his lips curving, before he turns back to the madame.

Zevran, too, goes to speak with the madame. He has no reason to speak to Lorraine, not yet, but he can certainly ask the owner about the price of a night with Cauthrien with a wink and a languid smile. Lorraine listens, his gaze finding Cauthrien again.

Cauthrien bites at the tip of her tongue to keep from hiding or rending the upholstery clenchedbeneath her fingers, the motion parting her lips.

Lorraine turns to the madame and Zevran, speaks with them for a moment. Zevran looks frustrated, put out- but the madame looks quite happy.

When Zevran returns to their couch, Lorraine is at his side.

"Querida," Zevran purrs, sliding back onto the couch with her again, "I'm afraid I've been outbid!"

"Oh," she says, eyes flicking to Lorraine, who settles down in the armchair arranged to face their couch. "That's a shame, serrah." She nudges him with a stockinged toe. He strokes her ankle and then sighs, withdrawing.

"I will suffer only watching. If that's alright with monsieur?" He stumbles slightly on the pronunciation.

Lorraine laughs, leaning back and gesturing to Cauthrien with crooked fingers. "I don't mind," he says. "Not as long as I have a pretty little thing. Come here, would you?"

Cauthrien flushes. She's never been called a little thing; she's nearly six feet tall and is taller still with the damnable heels that Zevran has just strapped her back into. She slowly slips from the couch, coming over on slightly trembling legs that she attempts to disguise with an exaggerated sway to her hips. His hand finds her waist as soon as she's close enough and he tugs her towards him.

She bites down a surprised shout and colors to her ears, falling against the Comte. Zevran laughs behind her as Lorraine purrs, "Careful, careful," his hands sliding down to her hips and pulling her close.

As soon as he has her settled on his lap, he switches to Orlesian, his accent rolling and fluid and, she's certain, partially affected. The man isn't actually from Val Royeaux as he claims- she hears a hint of Jader there, and something else she can't identify.

"Ah, quelle délectabilité, et avec ces yeux si beaux, si fonce.[1]" His lips curl into a self-satisfied smile as he leans back in his seat once more. Cauthrien shifts to sit awkwardly on his knee, legs pressed tight together and lips set in a firm line that disrupts the enhanced pout of her lip paint. All of her relative ease from being draped over Zevran evaporates.

Lorraine chuckles. "Tu n’as pas de sourire pour moi?[2]"

She glances over at Zevran, who arches a brow expectantly.

Void take him.

Cauthrien takes a deep breath and manages a faint smile, one she hopes comes off more as shy than grim. With any luck, the thick paint on her face will help. "Je crains que je suis un peu timide.[3]"

He laughs again, one hand coming to rest on her waist, drumming along the thick layer of shaped fabric that confines her. She feels teetering and awkward, balancing, and he tugs her closer along his thigh. It is a... steadier seat, at least.

"Tue es nouvelle ici, non? Surement je n’ai jamais te vue auparavant.[4]" His hand slides up from her waist to trail along the scraps of silk Zevran has claimed make an appropriate breast covering. She shies away but manages to keep the absolute disgust off of her face. "Mm, t’as des… talents spécifiques, ma petite oiseau?[5]"

Her mouth drops open for a moment and he leans in, eyes fixated first on her lips, then the line of her throat, the curve of muscle in her shoulders. His wandering hand comes to rest on her upper arm.

He meets her eyes again. His lips twist to something more secretive, more testing as his fingers traces the curves of muscles.

She searches desperately for something she can offer him, something that won't have him dragging her upstairs already. She doesn't think she could handle it; she can barely handle the feel of his hands on hers, every inch of pressure and degree of heat a reminder that this is the Chevalier who tormented her family, her people.

A talent. She must have a talent.

"Je peux chanter,[6]" she finally offers, crossing her legs now, trying to ignore how that bares one of her hips as her stocking pulls away by tension, trying to ignore how his gaze dips to the expanse of skin.

"Ah! Tu dis que tu peux chanter. Nous verrons. Montre-moi.[7]"

She knows a total of two songs in Orlesian, both taught to her by her mother. One is undoubtedly appropriate for the situation. The other? Decidedly less so.

Cauthrien looks Lorraine in the eye, willing herself not to flinch. To challenge him as her mother, her father, her lord would want.

She starts to sing the second song.

Her voice is one trained in fields and in camps, rough and taking liberties with notes and melodies but able to carry a tune. She bats her eyelashes and twists her shoulders coyly, emboldened by the words in her throat. She is not a spy; she is direct and blunt and if she has to sit on this Orlesian bastard's knee in paint and silk and lace, she will sing the words she wants to sing.

It isn't a lilting song, not by nature, and she has to tame it into sensuality. The tone doesn't echo the words and heads begin turn. Zevran watches, head tilted, a smile teasing at his lips. He doesn't know. He doesn't notice, because he's fixated on her like he hasn't seen her before.

It gives her a little boost of confidence, of pride, of you still don't know me after all. It's her turn not to notice; Comte Lorraine is grinning at her and when she reaches the end of the song with a triumphant lift in volume, he snakes an arm around her shoulders, buries his fingers in her curled hair, and tugs her down so that his lips are inches from hers.

"Ma petite oiseau fereldaine! J’avais pensé que j’entendais l’accent.[8]"

She flushes beneath her thick paint, heart beginning to hammer. She has nearly fallen against him, catching herself with a hand against his chest. He glances down at it. His grin widens. She can hear, behind her, the sound of movement- Zevran, shifting, no doubt perking up at the sound of her nation's name. He wasn't supposed to find out - but as long as he still takes her to bed, it shouldn't matter.

"Tu es une petite coquine audacieuse, pour tout ton timidité. Devrais-je te approvoiser?[9]"

His words and how he rests his free hand on her thigh make her bristle, and all thoughts of going upstairs with him turn from horror to outrage. She catches the tip of her tongue between her teeth to still her hiss, and after a moment, responds with as much calm as she can find, "Vous êtes trop décontracté.[10]"

He chuckles. "Ma chérie, tu es une pute… n’est pas? Ou est-ce que ton masque se glisse, ma petite fereldaine avec les bras d’une soldate? Je croix que je sens le chien mouillé autour de toi, même au milieu de tous tes parfums sophistiqués.[11]" His lips brush her cheek as he leans in still further, bypassing her mouth by only a breath. "Ça ne me derange pas. Viens se coucher avec moi, hm? Je vais voler cette chanson-là de tes lèvres avec le plaisir. Je peux meme t’enseigner quelques nouvelles.[12]"

Cauthrien takes a deep breath, slow and calming, and her hand slides up from his chest to his throat, his cheek. She knows Zevran is watching. She can't simply pull away from the man, turn him down, flee. So instead, she drags her lips across his skin, feeling stubble, smelling sweat and wine, smoke and perfumes. Her lips brush his and her stomach twists and writhes in disgust as he chuckles, his fingers kneading the flesh of her thigh. He relaxes the hand gripping the back of her head.

"Try," she whispers, body trembling from the effort of keeping herself in check, keeping herself to a single word and not a long-winded, angry taunt. His lips curl. She smirks back.

And then she draws back just enough to headbutt him hard. He shouts and falls.

She lifts one leg and drives her heeled foot hard into his stomach. His grip loosens and she all but throws herself out of his lap, dancing away as Zevran surges to his feet, shouting something in Antivan that doesn't sound at all flattering. Zevran grabs her wrist and tugs her down hard as a knife flies past them. He's fishing blades out of pockets she didn't know he had, eyes darting around the room.

"What was that?" he hisses when he finally lets go and she reorients herself. Her makeup has been smeared off of her forehead, an island of pink in a sea of white, and she can feel the press of the room on that bare patch of skin. It doesn't help that her head is throbbing; her technique is rusty.

"Fereldan rebellion song, from the war," she says with a grim smile as she stands up, heels kicked off. "Seemed appropriate."

He stares at her for just a moment, then whispers, "Querida, you are a horrible person. And a horrible spy." It is not said kindly.

Then there's only noise and movement. Her hands itch for a sword but they turn to fists easily enough; she's trained and she's broken up more bar fights than she'd like to remember in the name of keeping peace between her soldiers and the local farmers. She tries to find Lorraine, but he's fallen back behind his guards- men in light mail or leathers who must have slipped in while she and Zevran were distracted in courting him.

She wants nothing more than to feel his skull crumple beneath her hands, finish the mission in an inelegant but effective way, but she settles for protecting herself and beginning to clear a path towards the exit.

As she hooks her arm around one of the brothel's guards and throws her over one hip, Cauthrien admits (grudgingly, and only to herself) that this has been one of the worst tactical decisions she's ever made. She would have done better to at least attempt to snap his neck. But it had been a momentary spike of pride and hatred, a need to make a fool of him before she killed him, to let him know what was coming.

She is not a woman moved by passions, except for where her country is concerned.

She likes to think she can hear Loghain's sharp bark of laughter (though it would be followed, no doubt, by a lecture. He hadn't lectured her in years, not since he'd first begun to involve himself in her training, but this- this would have earned one). She may be tarted up and painted within an inch of her life, but she's shamed one of the few Chevaliers who escaped Ferelden, has twisted his tastes into a weapon.

She doesn't know where Zevran is when she stumbles out the side door of the brothel into the streets, cursing her lack of shoes as gravel bites into her feet and tears at her stockings. Two of the mercenaries are there waiting for her; that leaves two inside, and she's just about to rush back in, shout orders and lead them out, when Zevran peers down from the roof and calls,

"Cauthrien, up here!"

The last two mercenaries stumble out of the room and slam the door closed. One stays holding it shut, the others look to her.

She takes a deep breath and tries to look the part of the leader. "Split up. Wait two days to make contact."

They scatter and she looks up to Zevran, who's waiting with a scowl plastered over his features. He points to a stack of crates and she nods. She scrambles up and catches onto a ledge he indicates. He leans down and hauls her the rest of the way up. When she can no longer see the alleyway beneath them, she hears the last mercenary let free the door, followed by the soft thudding of booted feet on packed earth.

"Zev-"

"This way. Move quietly," he hisses.

He leads her tripping over rooftops, moving fast and quiet. She has trouble keeping up and not sliding on tiles or angled roofs. She pauses a moment to tear out the bottoms of her stockings to get her better tracking, and then struggles to catch up once more. He does not wait long when she falls behind and he brings her to jumps that she can barely make.

He's quiet in a way that unsettles her deeply.

She should feel foolish, flouncing about on the tightly packed Jader rooftops in nothing but silk and her smalls, but the further they move from the brothel, the more distance Zevran puts between them, the more she wants simply to be reach him and be done. Her muscles begin to ache and she stumbles once, twice- and then Zevran catches her, one hand around her arm, and makes her stop. His eyes meet hers, hard and distant, and then he points to a ladder propped against the building they're atop.

She clambers down as Zevran drops lightly to his feet, fishing out a key and opening the door of the nondescript little building.

It's a safehouse she hasn't been in before that, in its general form, is a lot like the hovel she spent all those weeks in. There's one bed, smaller than the one in the brothel room they prepared in, and not much other furniture. A wash basin, a table. Two chairs. She looks it over as he closes the door behind her.

The lock clicks, and Zevran says, low and dangerous, "A Ferelden rebellion song."

She turns to face him. His eyes are narrowed and he moves forward with catlike grace. His clothing is skewed and torn, she sees, the collar of his shirt caught and ripped downwards, exposing tanned skin flushed from exertion. There's blood on his face, too, and dotting his hands and wrists.

"Seemed appropriate," he continues. "We had him- he was absolutely prepared to carry you off, even after your little song. And then, what? You decide you are too good for my plan? Explain yout thoughts to me. I certainly do not understand them.

He begins to circle her and she goes from stunned to angry. Defensive. Her fists clench at her sides. "I didn't want to do this to begin with."

"And yet, you nearly managed it! Just a little more, just another bashful laugh, an apology, something, and he would have been fighting the urge to throw you down onto the floor and have you there!"

"You couldn't understand what he was saying," she hurls back, and begins to circle him in turn.

"So? What was he saying, that your legs were pretty? That he'd like to kiss you?"

"That he'd tame me."

"Ah, so the prideful princesita returns in all her splendor! You were to be the picture of a whore for a night, Ser Cauthrien. That was all I asked of you-"

"I am a soldier of Ferelden," she growls, and she presses forward, sick of the dance between already. He lets her come close, not shying or flinching.

"You are a failure to your queen," he corrects, quietly. He smirks and she halts, breath catching in her lungs. "We might never get close to him again after tonight. And then where shall we be? Crawling back to your lady queen and Georgiana Cousland to beg forgiveness because you are a soldier of Ferelden? A soldier without an army, who fails at the first job given to her-"

She's not sure how hard she throws him against the wall, only that he laughs and is beginning to push himself away from it when she presses hard against him, her hands trapping his, her body flush against his. The contact makes her head spin, the soft and yielding reminder that she isn't in armor and neither is he.

She bends her head down to his, trying to push aside thoughts of a night she leaned against a tree and cried out for him so loudly that everybody mocked her for it in the morning, but her blood is thudding in her veins and the thrill of battle is still spiraling through her muscles and mind.

Her voice is a whisper. "I am not a failure."

"Then what are you?" he returns, chin tilted up, mouth close to hers. He moves his knee against her leg, stroking, and it might be to unbalance her. To embarrass her. To make her cringe away and hide.

It makes her shudder.

"I-" she says, words catching in her throat, sticking to paint covering her lips. Her hands tighten around his wrists, crushing them to the wall beside his shoulders. His fingers knead intothe inches of her arms that he can reach.

"Made a mistake," she finishes in an exhale. She grimaces, trying to regain the offensive. "I am not a failure and we will find another way."

Cauthrien means for the way she suddenly presses even harder against his body to be emphasis. She doesn't mean to gasp unsteadily at the contact or lick her lips.

"And you are so convinced of this? When you have headbutted our mark and made him quite sure of our faces?" he asks, and there's a note of purring in his voice. This time, it's dangerous. There's an edge she's never heard from him, not really, that's something like his earlier anger but- twisted. He rises onto his toes so that his lips are a breath away from hers.

She can't ignored how her pulse strengthens and quickens, how heat pools in her stomach, fighting with the ache of her stays for dominance. They combine into something else, something that makes her grip on him relax.

"I'm sure. The Crows only hire very clever men," she whispers.

He jerks against her and, at first, she thinks he's fighting- but it's a laugh, a laugh that starts deep and rolls through him. His slight smirk grows.

"I see that sometimes, you do listen. Just not always when I'd like." He pulls against one of her hands. She releases him.

His hand finds her waist and she almost groans in frustration when he drops back to standing flat on his feet. But then he pushes forward and she gives, rolling, and soon it's him pressing up against her, his other hand sliding from hers to pin her to the wall.

He rises onto his toes again, stretching himself out against the length of her, and she finally registers the press of his erection against her thigh when he slides his knee between her legs. His mouth grazes the line of her jaw- and then he tangles a hand in her already-falling curls and drags her lips to his.

The kiss is soft at first, and his hold is gentle. She can break away and for a moment, she stiffens and doesn't respond, too confused by the sensation on soft on soft, even broken as it is with the layer of dry paint between them. Thirty-two and it's her first kiss since she was a child, playing at stories of romance. She'd never intended to let him, to ask him, to-

But it stokes the twisting fire in her stomach and she leans into it, coming to life again. There are so many things she thought had ended, that she would never do, when she let the Warden through the doors into the Landsmeet. Zevran seems determined to bring all of them back.

She groans and captures his lower lip between her teeth, clumsily. He growls in return and corrects her with bold movements, his tongue and lips practiced, and in return she sags against the wall, sliding down until she's half-supported on his bent knee. The change in angle gives him more access and his free hand slides along her cheek, nails scraping through the paint, before it coasts over her neck, her shoulder, her breast. He pulls the fabric aside and she gasps, arching into his touch. She rocks against his thigh, tensing, and her hands rise to tangle in his hair.

He pulls away long enough to drag her with him, to turn them to the small bed, to give her the smallest nudge that makes her release him for the moment it takes to fall back onto the hard straw mattress. He follows her down and the height difference stops posing problems from the moment his lips find her throat, nip down along the line of a muscle to the jut of her shoulder. He doesn't seem to care about the taste of paint in his mouth and it smears in his wake. Cauthrien's hands clutch now at his back, at the sheets, at anything she can gain purchase from and use to leverage herself up against his body.

She's dragging breathy laughs from him with her every response and anger floods through her, only to be replaced with an equally fiery surge of need as he leans up and away just to slide one hand into her smalls. She bucks into his hand and he nips at her ear. She doesn't understand why that's pleasant, but it is, and her hands rise to tangle in his hair again, keep him close. She even, when he turns his head just so, takes the pointed tip of his ear between her lips and licks along the line of it, gently, remembering comments she'd overheard from other people about sensitivity and those delicate points.

Zevran pauses and pulls away, quirking a brow.

"I will never understand," he says, softly, "why you humans all think that our ears are sex organs." Cauthrien colors and he catches a glimpse of it through her smeared paint. He grins and kisses quickly at her nose, then dips back to nurse at the spot just below where her ear curves to meet her jaw. She whimpers and arches, hands sliding down his back and pulling his hips flush with hers, his one hand still trapped between them.

"I never thought you'd want this," he breathes against her skin. She shivers.

"I never thought I would."

He rocks against her and she mewls and spreads her legs, wrapping them around his hips and holding him close, muscles taut. When he slides down along her body far enough to capture her nipple in his mouth, she shudders. His tongue flicks; her eyes go wide and she groans, arching.

Zevran lifts his head again and she glares even as she gasps for breath.

"Do you want this?" he asks, and whatever predatory edge his voice had earlier, there's only concern for just those words. He doesn't move; he goes still and watches.

She swallows beneath his scrutiny, and while she wants to just cry Yes, yes, yes!, she makes herself think. She thinks back to what has always stopped her in the past, to why she's so rarely wanted this before, but all she can find is Loghain's face, his touch, the lingering promise of closeness that was never fulfilled. His words scrawled over a map she's left outside the gates of Jader. His imagined approval as she threw the mission.

That's not enough to stop her, not anymore.

"Yes," she says, at first a whisper, and then she repeats it again as she meets his gaze and stares him down. "Yes."

Zevran nods, that smirk returning. "Just checking," he purrs, and his fingers still nestled in her curls beneath her smalls twitch, slide, then delve and curl, pressing into her. They slide in easily as she lifts her hips against his, keening his name.

While his fingers work into her and his mouth returns to suckling at her breasts, it's all she can do to work at the buttons of his shirt, peel the fabric from him, rub her thumbs across the little splotches of blood dotting his skin. They flake away at her touch and she wants to kiss the skin that's been revealed, mimic his movements though she's never felt the need to kiss and touch and explore before. He has the advantage, however, and he keeps her mind spinning with every twist of his hand, with every touch of his teeth to sensitive flesh. Her mouth can't reach him and her hands become anchored around the waistband of his pants, unable to get between them to unfasten their laces.

Finally, when she's incoherent and whimpering and dancing along the edge, he pulls away and sits up, back on his heels. She has to loosen the vice grip of her legs around his hips and she whines at the loss of tension. "Comehere-" she hisses, and he laughs.

"Relax, querida." His fingers danced across the laces, and he is more clever with those than he's ever been with his tongue. He frees himself quickly, then slides his palms across her thighs, around her hips, against her back as he lifts her body and pulls her smalls just enough out of the way to bare her, like the night in Gherlen's pass. She twitches, suddenly eager to take the offensive, to regain control, to be on top, but then he presses into her and her mind goes blank.

"Oh," she says, and there's that soft chuckle again. He lingers a moment, only just inside, until even the arch of her foot begins to relax- and then he fills her in a rough, hard stroke. His mouth finds hers to swallow her cry, and then he mumbles against her lips,

"Querida, it is my solemn duty to inform you that you well and truly ruined today's mission." He thrusts again and her eyes flutter between staring open and languidly half-closed. Her toes curl and she grinds against him.

"I know-" she tries to growl, though it comes out more as a needy whine.

"Good." He nips at her lower lip and then leans back enough to take the better angle once more. She grasps at his shoulders and tries to pull him down, but all she can do is arch her back, straining against the stays of her corset as she groans his name, and rock against him as he grips her hips and buries himself in her again and again.

There isn't enough to roll, to turn him over, but soon it doesn't matter; she lets him have the match, relinquishing herself to the bursting pleasure of writhing against him, unpracticed and acting wholly on instinct. He corrects with hands that alternate between pressingly rough and achingly tender, and eventually, he covers her body with his again and presses kisses to her lips, her eyes, her throat, her jaw. She comes undone beneath him and it's unlike whatever stolen, shameful moments she's had in the past. The faint memories of ten years ago are replaced with every touch, every stroke, every feeling of being overwhelmed and yet not given enough.

Her cries reach the same crescendo as before, terrifyingly loud and needy, and he swallows them with kisses even while he continues to move, riding out her end and then pushing her further, bringing her back down instead of letting her fall, until he tenses, whispers her name, and spills within her.

The aftermath is quiet, soft; there's only the sound of breathing. She closes her eyes and feels him breathing. It feels good.
--
Zevran is stretched out naked beside her, his fingers toying with the upper edge of the corset she still has yet to shed. She's settled along him, mind still blessedly silent, taking in the ache of him and of the night's excitement.

"So," he says, the first words he's spoken since they'd come to a shuddering halt twined around one another, "why were you singing a Fereldan rebellion song in the first place, querida? Did you set out to sabotage me? Rather, us?"

She mumbles something unintelligible, stretching out and rubbing at her eyes. She doesn't remember words just yet, and it takes a few pops of her joints for her to retrieve them.

"He asked me if I had any talents." Her lips twist with disgust over the last word, remember the slight pleased slur to Lorraine's voice. "I said that I could sing."

"Not what he was asking, I don't think." Zevran shifts, turning carefully to resettle on his stomach, his upper body propped on his forearms.

"Probably not."

"Also not what I would have advertised."

Cauthrien rolls her eyes. "I am not you."

"Yes, I think we've established that very nicely," he concedes, considering her paint-smeared lips for a moment. "... But that was the only song you knew in Orlesian?"

She hesitates, considers lying, but whatever anger there was between them seems to have dissipated again. "No. I know two."

She thinks she sees a ripple of tension in his shoulders, but the light is dim. He'd risen earlier to set up a lamp on the lone table; she'd tugged him back down beside her as soon as he was within reach.

"And was the second one any more appropriate?" His expression turns dark. Cauthrien bites back a groan, not ready to go back to arguing. She pushes herself up, then stands, beginning to tug at the laces of her corset.

"... Perhaps a little," she says with her back towards him.

She hears him sit up, thinks she might feel heat against her back as if he's reached out to touch her- but if he has, he pulls away. "Sing it for me?"

She pauses in undoing the knot at the small of her back, licking her lips and considering saying no. But what reason does she have, aside from pride? Aside from not wanting him to know what she could have done if she had chosen to behave? So she takes a deep breath and, for the second time that night, begins to sing.

These words practically call for a lilting tone, and lilting comes easier than sweet, despite that being how she first heard the song[13]. There's no disparity between voice and meaning and she relaxes into it instead of glorying in it. Her fingers resume their work, and the corset loosens enough that she can slide it over her hips, shimmy out of it. She sighs at the release, even as her ribs take up ache in a thudding tempo.

Zevran shifts on the mattress behind, quiet except for a small, pleased hum.

When she bends to roll down her stockings, she realizes that somehow, she's ended up stripping as performance. She hesitates a moment before she lifts her foot to pull the now dirty, damaged fabric down and off, revealing scrapes and bruises she hadn't noticed before. Then she turns back to Zevran so he can watch as she rests her other leg on the mattress and bends along it to bare it.

His lips curl appreciatively.

She would never have believed she knew the song well enough that she can continue singing it even while her cheeks burn as she begins to undo the side ties of her ruffled smalls. Zevran's gaze is transfixed on her and she stammers and rolls her hips just a little. He grins.

With the last verse, she holds her smalls on while she twirls, stumbles over her words and almost laughs with embarrassed delight, and finally lets the last of her clothing fall.

Zevran laughs and calls his approval.

She's singing Orlesian songs about taking life slowly and stripping for an Antivan Crow. How far she's come from standing beside Loghain Mac Tir- and yet this all feels like a relief, even when it feels not-quite-her, not-quite-real.

She comes back to the bed and Zevran reaches out to take her hands. He pulls her down on top of him and she kisses him without hesitation before stretching back out alongside him. He drapes an arm over her.

"That would have been a better song," he murmurs, nuzzling against her cheek.

"Probably."

"Especially if you did that little dance." He winks.

Cauthrien shifts, embarrassed all over again. "I'm never doing that again."

"No? But I enjoyed it so! We can practice a different sort, with you wriggling out of your armor and into my tent at night, yes?"

The mental image draws a choked laugh from her. "I don't think so."

"Well then- I have seen something rare and wondrous. I shall cherish the memory always."

Cauthrien rolls her eyes, then focuses on the bruise blooming over his upper arm, undoubtedly from the brawl. She reaches out to brush her fingers over it, wondering if it would have been better to have played her part.

"What now?" she asks, looking up and watching him across the short expanse of bed between them. Zevran hums thoughtfully and she quirks a brow, catches his leg in the crook of hers, squeezes. "Well?"

"Adando se acomodan los melones,[14]" he says, looking first at his fingers, splayed out across her waist, and then up to her confused expression.

"And that means-"

"Improvise, querida, and things will work themselves out." His hand slides up along her flank and then captures her fingers where they rest against her shoulder. He pulls them to his lips, takes the tip of one into his mouth and lathes it with his tongue, before murmuring, "After all, the Crows employ only the very clever- and so does our Lady Cousland."

"Are you saying I could be a Crow?" she murmurs, eyes falling half-closed.

His answer is a laugh as he covers her body with his own once more.

--

[1] Ah, quelle délectabilité, et avec ces yeux si beaux, si fonce - Ah, what delicateness, and with eyes so beautiful, so dark!

[2] Tu n’as pas de sourire pour moi? - You don’t have a smile for me?

[3] Je crains que je suis un peu timide - I fear I’m a bit shy.

[4] Tue es nouvelle ici, non? Surement je n’ai jamais te vue auparavant - You’re new here, no? Surely I’ve never seen you before.

[5] Mm, t’as des… talents spécifiques, ma petite oiseau? - You have [informal, the t’as is tu as slurred together] any… specific talents, my little bird?

[6] Je peux chanter - I can sing

[7] Ah! Tu dis que tu peux chanter. Nous verrons. Montre-moi - Ah! You say you can sing. We’ll see. Show me.

[8] Ma petite oiseau fereldaine! J’avais pensé que j’entendais l’accent - My little Fereldan bird! I thought I heard the accent.

[9] Tu es une petite coquine audacieuse, pour tout ton timidité. Devrais-je te approvoiser? -You are a bold little hussy for your shyness. Should I tame you [like a wild animal]?

[10] Vous êtes trop décontracté - You are too familiar.

[11] Ma chérie, tu es une pute… n’est pas? Ou est-ce que ton masque se glisse, ma petite fereldaine avec les bras d’une soldate? Je croix que je sens le chien mouillé autour de toi, même au milieu de tous tes parfums sophistiqués - My dear, you’re a whore… right ? Or is it that your mask is slipping, my little Fereldan with the arms of a soldier? I believe I smell the wet dog around you, even in the middle of all of your sophisticated perfumes.

[12] Ça ne me derange pas. Viens se coucher avec moi, hm? Je vais voler cette chanson-là de tes lèvres avec le plaisir. Je peux meme t’enseigner quelques nouvelles - That doesn’t bother me at all. Come to bed with me, hm? I will steal that song off your lips with the pleasure. I could even teach you some new ones.

[13] The song that inspired this scene is Tout Doucement, if anybody's interested.

[14] Adando se acomodan los melones - "The melons find their place with the movement (of the cart)" or "improvise and things work themselves out."