It's the morning after a cosy evening the two Detectives spent together at Morse's place. To celebrate the successful closure of another case, Morse had treated his younger lover to dinner. The evening had, as had a couple before, been ended abruptly by a look at the clock that prompted Lewis to say his good bye and rush home to his family. And, as always, Morse had let him go without complaint. But it's slowly starting to eat at the Chief Inspector that their time together is so limited. He enjoys holding the younger man in his arms and feels even lonelier than he did before he had a lover when Lewis is gone. He's taken up sleeping with a pillow in his arms. It can't make up for the lack of Lewis, but it's better than nothing. Still, he's not happy with the situation and feels grumpy after getting up. 

Investigation of the murder of Trevor Radford 

Morse's house, early morning , Morse is in his kitchen when the doorbell rings 

Slowly, Morse walks to the door, still in his bathrobe. When he opens the door, a very cheerful Lewis is grinning at him. Morse looks at him blankly. 

"You'll never believe this," Lewis says, not bothering with a greeting. "We have to visit a brewery." He takes in the sight before him and adds. "Can I wait for you inside, Sir?" 

Morse steps aside and Lewis smiles as he closes the door behind himself. 

"You look good in blue," he tells Morse. "Very good." He leans forward and places a sweet kiss on his lover's lips. "Good morning, Em." 

"You're not trying to wind me up with that brewery story, are you? And – M.?" 

"Nope, reported body at the Radford brewery. It's been confirmed already. And yes, Em. I had promised I'd think about what to call you." 

Morse finally puts down the glass he'd been carrying around. "Why M.?" 

"It's your initials, E-M. I think it sounds better than Morse, that's too formal for the occasion." 

"Em," Morse repeats to himself, then shrugs. "I suppose I can get used to that. And it's unique, no one has ever called me that before." 

"Yeah, I thought Pagan wouldn't go down too well." 

"Very thoughtful of you, thank you." He looks himself down. "I'd better get dressed, then." 

"Probably, though I like your current outfit." Lewis steals another kiss from Morse's lips to prove it. 

Morse slightly frowns at him for it but it's obvious his heart isn't in it. "I suppose you've already had breakfast? Otherwise, you know your way around my place." 

Lewis wiggles his eyebrows at him and smiles. "I have yet to see what's up there, you must be hiding something upstairs that you don't want me to see." 

"If you ever get the chance to stay long enough, I'll let you in on the secret," Morse promises and heads upstairs to change. 

They're very careful in public not to let their changed relationship show. Which is why Morse sometimes slightly rebuffs Lewis with a dumb excuse when his junior partner gets a little too close than seems right for work-partners. 

Outside a pub at the canal, Morse and Lewis are sitting opposite each other at a table, Lewis is reading a transcript of a letter they found in the victim's office 

"Oh, give it to me, Lewis," Morse says and snatches the paper out of Lewis's hands. Lewis, however, curious himself what the letter says, gets up and walks over to Morse's side of the table, leaning in a bit closer than work-partners should. He raises his glass to his lips and slowly sips from it. 

"...far too high," Morse picks up reading where Lewis had been forced to let off. "I realise that land values have increased dramatically over the last few years, but even taking this into account, I cannot agree." He becomes very aware of how close Lewis is standing. He wouldn't mind, but... "Don't slurp in my ear, Lewis," he reprimands the younger man and Lewis dutifully straightens but fails to hide his grin. 

Morse continues to read and they discuss the contents of the letter while they finish their drinks. Lewis manages to keep his distance until they're back in the car, where he casually reaches over to Morse and lays his hand on the other man's thigh. Morse looks at him for a moment, then starts the car. "Watch out for buses and lorries." 

"Right," Lewis replies, smiling happily. Morse manages to avoid passing any high vehicles, though, and Lewis's hand stays put for nearly the whole drive.