Alluna looked around the chaos that engulfed the room. She felt like the eye of a living storm. All around her, crowds of drunken people throbbed and pulsated to the rhythm of the music that was swirling through the crush of bodies. She watched her friend, swathed in everything pink and phallic that her other friends could find. She knew it was her friend's hen's night, but she couldn't bring herself to celebrate found love when she had just lost hers. She had been single for over a week and was still going through the galleon-of-ice-cream-a-day stage.
 _It's not like I should miss him,_ she thought to herself as she forced a smile onto her numb lips for her friend. Paul had been an ass for over a year, wanting to consummate their relationship without making any steadfast commitments. She had finally grown sick of his constant and unwelcome advances and kicked him out, but she still missed the companionship he provided.
"Ally, stop moping and dance with me!" Kate shouted over the dense music. Ally plastered her fake smile on her face and forced her hips to move in time with the music.

Zac was pacing the length of his room. Piles of reports ate up his desktop, with piles and stacks of bad news followed by bad news. _Why did the world have to come down on me now?_ He thought to himself. Keith, his second in command knocked once and entered the office. Tall, dark and handsome, Keith was a well-known heart-breaker and careless about his choice in bed-partner. As a friend and beta, he was steadfast as well as loyal and Zac relied on him for both.
Keith flopped into his chair and swept his fringe off his face. 'You need a break Zac," he said, looking closely at his leader. He was privileged to be on such personal terms with the alpha, but they had been friends before they could remember.
Zac sighed and paused his pacing to look out the window and down to the streets below. It had been a while since he let his hair down, and Keith was a good drinking buddy when he was in this mood. With a smile he conceded, drawing a whoop of glee from his friend. After a quick shower and change, Zac met Keith at the lobby, where they and two other betas piled into a black hummer.
The night was not going as planned. Zac realised very quickly that he was not in the mood for the usual frivolities and advancements made by drunken females. It had always surprised him that sober people found his kind imposing and terrifying without reason. As soon as alcohol was involved, inhibitions were turned away and they only saw the chiselled, handsome exterior. After turning away the fifth drunken woman to make advances on him, Zac found himself scolded by his second. "Mate, the girls just wanna have some fun!" cried Keith, his arms full of drunken booty, "just smile and wave- they are putty in our paws!" and with that stumbled away, towing the giggling girls with him.
Zac's wolf suddenly reared its head. It wanted to get away from the drunken crush of people and be in the open air. He had to agree, and made his way out the back entrance.

Ally had had enough pretending. She was just about to say goodbye to her girlfriends when _their_ song came on. It was the first song they had danced to, and he loved to say they would play it when they first made love. She looked up at the DJ booth, and there he was. Paul had not changed a bit. He was looking straight at her, his eyes boring straight to her core. Sickened, she grabbed her bag and weaved through the crowd to the closest exit.
Though the ally way behind the club was disgusting, the cold night air was refreshing after the stale booze and sweat that saturated the space within. She leant against the wall sucking in the oxygen through her nose, trying to calm herself down. A noise to her right startled her. A bush was rustling next to the dumpster. She heard a low growling sound as she approached the bush. Grasping through her bag, she pulled out a packet of beef jerky strips she had thought to bring to ease the side affects of alcohol. The growling was replaced by sniffing and a large black nose appeared from under the foliage.
"It's ok, boy. You can come out," she said gently. As she withdrew the offered jerky slowly the nose followed. The head of a big dog emerged from the bushes.
Ally had never seen a dog like it before in her life. She loved dogs and thought she knew of all the breeds. It was jet black with long, thick and silky fur. She gave it the jerky, which it took very gently from her hand. It sat down and chewed happily on the meat, its eyes never leaving her. She checked under its belly to discern the sex. Just as she discovered it was male, he realised where she was looking and growled. Ally stood up quickly, 'sorry,' she said, blushing. She fished another jerky strip and gave it to him and scratched behind his ear. The dog's eyes rolled and he pressed his head into her hand, making her smile. His panting made it look like he was smiling too. Suddenly his head snapped up and a growl emitted from the depths of his chest. Ally backed away slowly, thinking he was growling at her. She was wrong.
"There ye aare, ya littl minx." A rough voice said behind her.
Ally spun around in fright. In front of her were four burly strangers standing as menacingly as hired muscle can. The one in the middle, who had spoken said, 'Him teld us ye woulds be out 'ere.'
Ally backed away from the men, towards the growling dog and bushes. She could easily defend herself against one, maybe two, but four was pushing her limits, which Paul knew. They slowly advanced on her as one giant ominous wall. She kept retreating slowly until her back hit the wall of the building opposite.
With a loud howl, her dog friend took off, for which she was glad. She didn't want him getting caught up in this. She raised her fists and adopted a defensive stance. The men chortled at her, as they came closer. As soon as they were in striking range, she ducked from one guy's reach and punched the guy on the far left , while striking out a kick on her right. A blow caught her in the stomach, knocking the air from her lungs.
She collapsed to the ground and they continued to hit her. She kicked out with her legs, knocking two of them on their asses. She quickly got up and punched a guy in the face with all her might. Her fist met his nose with a sickening crunch. Hands grabbed her from behind and wrenched them back. The door to the club opened with a scrape. Ally thought she was saved. Then her captor spun her around and she was faced with the last person she wanted to see.
Paul was standing there casually, with a smirk across his face. "Ally, darling, I missed you" he said in a honey coated voice. He started to advance on her when low growling echoed down the alley. There was Ally's dog friend standing at the alley entrance. He looked bigger, and much more menacing. One of the men picked up a brick off the ground and threw it at him, which missed. Suddenly the air was filled with thundering growls and from the shadows came at least 5 more giant dogs. Fear for the glorious creatures swept her up like a storm. She kicked against her captor, looking at them frantically, "run! Get away from here" she screamed at them. Paul's eyes turned red and an inhuman hiss tore itself from his chest. She kicked his shin to grab his attention. He turned and slapped her hard across the face. The sound echoed across the alley.
The black dog growled louder and they all started advancing down the alley in a V, with the great black dog at the point, all with their heads low, lips pulled back and snarling from deep in their chests. The men all faltered at such a sight. The man holding Ally let her go as they all fled. She fell to the ground, semi-unconscious. All the dogs cased after their quarry except the first, who stopped next to Ally and checked her with his cold nose. He then lay down next to her and waited.

He had just morphed into his wolf when the door creaked open and someone came out. He thought it was a smoker; as a human he hated the smell, as a wolf it was unbearable to his heightened senses. He growled from the bushes, hoping to scare them away. From under the foliage he saw a beautiful woman approaching his hide-out, fishing in her bag. He caught the smell of dried meat, just as she pulled out the jerky strip. He could smell no alcohol on her breath, but she was surely about to feed a strange dog. He stuck his nose out of the bush, mouth watering at the smell of beef. She pulled it back slightly, trying to fish him out. It worked because he wanted the strip so bad. Once he left the bush he was hit by the most luscious scent filled that the open air and it wasn't the jerky.
He slowly moved from the bushes, nose in the air, following the mouth-watering scent. He ate the offered jerky, regarding her. She bent down, and he quickly realised she was looking at his private parts. He growled in embarrassment, she also looked bashful and apologised. _A woman who treats animals like people,_ he thought to himself, _I like_ it. She fished out another jerky and gave it to him, then hesitantly scratched behind his ear. It was the one spot he couldn't get to himself, and he pressed his head into her hand, smiling a doggy smile.
A slight breeze brought a wave of scents from behind her, stale smoke, alcohol, B.O and drugs. He growled menacingly at the threat the new smells presented. Over the girl's bent shoulder, Zac saw 5 burly men, surely hired, approach her. Already feeling protective he crouched to spring at them. His human mind cut across his instincts, making him realise he would need backup. He howled loudly and took off up the ally. He felt his five betas who were with him get outside and phase. As their minds entered the pack mindscape, he was pacing. Using the mental link of the pack, Zac showed his friends the events he just witnessed. They all growled at such a cowardly picked fight. The betas launched themselves into the alley way behind their alpha in point formation, with him leading the way. They slowed their advance down the alley, growling as menacingly as they knew how.
The fight wasn't going as he thought it would. Zac expected the girl to crumple at the face of four attackers, but her fighting spirit showed through. He silently ordered his betas back into the shadows. He made his way closer, watching the fight with awe. She was quick and strong, but there were four of them. Eventually they subdued her between two of them, just as the door to the club opened once again. The girl's face alighted with hope of a rescue, but the man that stepped through was the last person she expected. Her furious struggles resumed.
The new man advanced on her, like a predator circling his prey. He was almost close enough to touch and there was fear showing in the girls eyes. Zac decided enough was enough. He growled loudly, the menacing sound bouncing off the close walls. The man looked for a second before deeming it unworthy of his attention. One of his minions picked up a brick and threw it wide, trying to scare him off. Cold fury raced through Zac's form. His betas melted out from the shadows behind him, snarling.
 _Get them,_ Zac ordered silently.