Tuition Teacher Fucked by Student
by anilsahotra  
 
Hi, I'm Anil from Delhi. This was the another sexual experience I had when I was studying in 12th standard. I was always poor in the subject of geography, so my mother asked the lady next door to give me special tuitions for it. Her name is Ekta. She is an old family friend of ours. She is an extremely sober natured lady with a very sweet face and milky white skin. I always secretly admired her beautiful body and the way it gracefully moved when she walked or sat or did anything. Her taste of clothes was also ever as sober and decent, generally in pastel shades of pink, blue, or cream. She always wore only sarees. Her attitude towards me was very warm and concerned, and took extra interest in training me in the subject of geography. She was a teacher of this subject in a school other than mine. 

Ekta was still single and lived alone as she had lost her parents in childhood. I knew that because of this she was a very lonely woman. Being so beautiful and only 29 years old (10 years older to me), she could still get married to any fine and worthy businessman. But whoever brought her any proposals; she showed no interest in getting married. Sometimes I felt like she considered me as her one and only good friend. 

As she gave me tuitions I used to feel more attracted to her irresistible body. While her eyes and mind were engrossed in reading and explaining the text books to me, my eyes would fantasize over her pallu which used to fall off her shoulders once in a while when her blouse would give way for glimpses of her bra. This made me suffer of sleepless nights. I used to hate myself to think like this of a decent lady like her who was always so nice to me. But I think she guessed what I was going through because of poor attention during the tuitions. She tried to inquire why I was not paying enough attention. I didn't know how to answer that. But she was still kind and nice to me. She treated me like a younger brother, and so occasionally while teaching me she would put her fingers through my hair on the head and caress me. 

She always wore sweet smelling perfumes. So when her hand touched me the fragrance made me loose total control of my senses. On one such occasion she noticed what was happening with me. She frankly asked me to be absolutely honest with what was distracting me so much. I told her that I found her very beautiful. She smiled and assured me that she fully understood what I meant. I blushed in total embarrassment and ran home. The next few days I didn't have guts to go for any classes with her. She rung up at my place and spoke to my mother asking her to send me for the classes again. As my mother knew nothing of the recent developments between Ekta and me, mummy forced me to go to Ekta's house to resume tuitions as there was very little time left for my exams. Finally I agreed and went to Ekta for the class. 

Today she also looked embarrassed and didn't know how to start the class. Finally she broke the ice by being very frank with me. She told me that she knew exactly what I'm going through, and then explained that such feelings are natural during adolescence. I thought to myself that it is okay that she has understood as well as explained to me the facts, but I wondered what was to happen next. She took me to her bedroom where we always studied at the desk. But this time instead of sitting at the desk she asked me to sit on her single bed which was almost as large as a double. Sitting close to me she looked me straight in the eye. Gazing at me so strongly that I shivered in nervousness wondering if she was going to scold me badly. I noticed sadness in her face with tears filling up her eyes. Yet she smiled and shared her feelings to me. She explained that she too felt the need to hold someone dear to her and that she felt terribly lonely in life. This was the first time she ever told me openly that she also loved me very much, and that it was okay if we made love to each other. 

I was totally taken by surprise to hear all this. At the same time I had butterflies in my mind and body for the fact that my desire for seeing and feeling her body was going to come true. She was wearing a deep pink floral patterned saree with a cherry red blouse. She gently took the pallu of her saree off her shoulder and handed it to me. I got too excited just to see her firm and healthy boobs in the blouse. I was so engrossed into the shining hooks of her blouse that I forgot all about her pallu which I was holding. This made her laugh loudly, saying that she had never seen anyone as innocent as me. This provoked my male ego and I felt the need to prove to her that I wasn't all that innocent as she thought. First of all I hugged her tightly to make us both comfortable with feeling each other's body. She also cajoled me very skillfully. Now I knew I was going to learn the real geography from her, that too the geography of her. If there were chapters like these in my geography text book, then I would surely pass out with flying colours. 

Ekta stood up in front of me while her pallu was still in my hand, and she guided me to unwrap her body from the bindings of the saree. Once I was through with removing the saree, she turned around in full circle to give me a full view of her figure from every angle. She was wearing a light pink colour petticoat. I felt like the captain of the ship which was to navigate through all the mountains and caves of her atlas map. Taking full command of my 8" ship I undocked into the silky smooth material of her blouse with my desperate fingers. I opened each hook of the blouse with my fingers timelessly as they enjoyed the softness of her breasts. Inside was a lacy bra, pink in colour again. Seemed like she was celebrating a Pink Day. As I slipped the blouse off her shoulders and down her arms, I lay my head on her breasts. They were so welcoming, as they allowed my entire head to sink in between their warm, massive, fleshy coziness. I felt her heartbeats pumping like a power generator. Sweat dripping from her chin onto my head. She was already gasping for breath. 

My hands crept over to her back trying to reach out for the hooks of the bra. I realized that it was a front open bra. So as I opened the bra from front, I was electrified to get the first view of her perfectly round and tight boobs. Each prized with a tender pink tiny nipple against her milky white skin. Her upper body was fully bare. Now I had to work on undressing her from under the waist. She tried to wait patiently, but her own life-long sexual frustration causing desperation made her press my head against her navel so tightly that I was getting suffocated. Releasing me after a few seconds, she dragged me by my hair to the bed, and took off my shirt, shorts and all, within no time. She adored the male organ which I guess she had seen for the first time and that too in a fully erect position. I noticed her mouth dripping as she glared at it. She shyly smiled and brought her head close to the dick that had already started ejaculating. 

At first she rubbed her nose on the head of my dick. Then gradually began licking the cum squirting out more rapidly. Ekta really enjoyed this part. But before she went any further, I convinced her that it will be easier to carry on with our adventures once she is fully undressed. Agreeing to my suggestion she lay down on the bed spreading her arms and legs widely and asked me to finish undressing her. It was only her petticoat and panty that I had to remove now. And I didn't want to do it in a hurry. So I reached for her toes, and gradually lifting the petticoat upwards, licked her legs. Once the petticoat was lifted upto her upper thighs, I raised her left leg and placed it on my shoulder. Then the same with her right leg. Now with both her legs on my shoulders, I kissed the inside of her thighs and at the same time rubbing massaging the outer part of the thighs. She was too blissful and asked for more and more. 

Suddenly she got up and asked me to wait. I asked her why and she said she had an idea with which we could both enjoy better. She went to the kitchen and returned with a bottle of strawberry jam. I thought she was hungry after all this exhaustive session and wanted us to have some meal break. Instead she lay down again in the same position, opened the jam bottle and applied some on her thighs where I was licking her. Then asked me to continue by licking the jam on her thigh as well. I was quite impressed with her fantastic innovation. With all this excitement I didn't want to delay undressing her anymore. I quickly untied the string of her petticoat and pulled it down her legs instantly. Now I could see her fully naked legs, smoother than satin or silk. She was quite a sight for me to be lying there on the bed with nothing on except the white cotton panty with 'pink' hearts printed on it and laced borders. My heart was almost popping out of my chest. 

Everything she wore on that day looked brand new, as if she was specially prepared for the whole seduction. I didn't need to feel guilty anymore; the desire was equal from both ends. I comfortably loosened the elastic waistband of her panty, massaging her hips at same time. She moaned in ecstasy raising her warm sexy legs to make it easier for me to pull off her panty. As I slowly lowered the panty from her waist, I got the first view of her divine pussy. There was a light tuft of hair on the pubic area, soft as fur. As I felt the hair, the tingling sensation got her more excited. There were high voltage currents passing through our bodies. She breathed heavier by the second. Finally neither of us could afford to hold ourselves in control. Both reaching the height of orgasm, we leapt and attacked each other violently. 

I held her tightly under my arms which suddenly changed in strength from that of a school boy to an indomitable beast. She too was impressed with my never before seen strength. While holding her unsparingly I thrust my giant dick into the endless tunnel of lust. I fucked her harder than I imagined I could, and she also contributed by taking various positions accordingly. I knocked her from front, I knocked her from back. Squeezed out whatever juices she possessed in her pussy and the boobs. Her breasts had swollen with no limits. Nipples were hard as metal bolts. Thunder running through our bodies, we tried every position that anyone could rarely even imagine, all within fractions of time. Digging deeper into her pussy I chewed her tits till they were red or even purple. In one position while I was fucking her from the back, I spread her legs wide apart, so much that her hole was wide enough to let in the dick of a dinosaur. For now I was the dinosaur. I slashed my tongue turbulently at her centre of gravity and then jolted my bolt into it innumerable times with lightning speed. She had also lost all her sobriety and like a devil sent from hell, sucked on my dick at first and then chewed on it mercilessly which we had been made more delicious with the strawberry jam for flavour. After all these adventurous exploitations of each other's innocence which had continued for nearly four hours, we concluded thankfully, promising to keep this as top secret and to be generous whenever each was in need for it again. We carried on experimenting new styles and positions frequently for the next ten years until I got married. Ekta is still single, and I am still loyal to her for giving me the big breakthrough when I needed it most. To prove my loyalty I still visit her lonely house and we still practice the same with complete dedication. 

We've explained to my wife that Ekta & I meet for intensive transcendental physiology study and she has never suspected till today. I had secretly stolen and still preserved Ekta's that day's pink lace bra and the white panty with pink hearts on it. I cuddle them and kiss them on the days I want her and we're not able to meet. On such occasions I also smear strawberry jam on my dick and ask my wife to lick it up. My wife has become an expert in such blow jobs and does it most willingly and happily, although she has always wondered what the mystery behind all this is. But that mystery will forever remain a secret only between Ekta and me. 

Comments are welcome at the link below, any girl/ women in and around delhi want some sincere friend, then contact me on my email mail. I like to make friends,  


claireowen37 <claireowen37@yahoo.co.uk> wrote: 

Hi All, 

I do hope that all of you enjoy my story. It would be great if I 
receive a similar story from one of you too. So here goes. With your 
permission Moderator,...........


_____________________________________________________________________



Although I have been an avid reader of erotic stories  for some 
time, I have always viewed them as a fantasy,  not really something 
that happens in real life. That is until the other day.

I arrived home from work to find my son's 22 year old friend Tim 
sitting in the driveway. Several years ago this would have been 
quite normal, as Tim and my only son Josh had been inseparable. They 
had met in kindergarten and had been best mates ever since. My 
family had sort of adopted Tim as he came from a troubled family 
background and had left home at a very  young age. However, I hadn't 
seen a lot of Tim since Josh had taken a job interstate and Tim 
moved in with his girlfriend Tanya.

As I parked my car in the garage and walked over to Tim, I was 
surprised to notice how thin he looked. He was a tall lad, probably 
six foot two, and had always been trim, but now he looked so thin it 
made me wonder what was the matter. I walked over to him and he 
smiled but somehow the smile didn't reach his brown  eyes. He 
followed me inside and sat in the lounge room, I told him to make 
himself at home and make a cool drink for himself while I went and 
had a shower.

As I stood under the cool water, I found myself thinking about Tim, 
but not Tim my son's mate, but Tim the man. I was rather startled to 
find myself thinking like this. Although my husband had died several 
years earlier, I hadn't exactly been celibate since then. I had had 
several lovers but none of them had proven very satisfying. But why 
was I, a 45-year woman thinking such thoughts as these about a man 
young enough to be my son. Indeed who was like a son to me.
I gave myself a mental shake as I turned off the water and wrapped a 
large towel around myself and went back
into my bedroom to dress.

When I came back down the stairs, Tim was sitting at the breakfast 
bar with two iced teas sitting in front of him. Typical of Tim to 
think of making a drink for me too, for although he came from a 
rather harsh background he was always the perfect gentleman. I took 
my drink and suggested we go into the lounge room and he can tell me 
what his problem was.

"Who said there was a problem," he almost whispered. 
"Come on Tim, I have known you most of your life, I know when 
something is wrong. You turn up here on my 
doorstep looking like you have not a friend on this earth, and you 
deny there is a problem. Lets just cut the bullshit and spit it out" 

He looked rather startled but began to tell me about his problems 
with his girlfriend. Tanya was a very pretty girl, and she knew it. 
Everyone knew she was a flirt, actually more like a tease, but we 
had hoped for Tim's sake that once they moved in together that she 
would calm down a little. Apparently that was not the case. When Tim 
arrived home from work the other day he had found her on a chat line 
having cyber sex with a guy. She had told him it was only a bit of 
fun
but when he had found her e-mail box open he couldn't resist looking 
at it and found several very steamy emails from the guy. One even 
suggested that they meet in town to see if the sex was as good in 
person as it was online. Again he had confronted her about it, and 
she flew into a rage that he had looked at her private emails. He 
told her that if she had things to hide she should be more careful 
and to close things down so he couldn't see them. This enraged her 
even more and she
informed Tim that she was going to meet her cyber lover whether he 
liked it or not. When he tried to reason with her, she informed him 
that it was over between them, and that as far as she was concerned, 
he was a dead loss in bed.

As Tim told his sad story, I could see tears in his eyes. I felt so 
sorry for him that I put my arms around him and hugged him. But I 
guess this made him uncomfortable as he pulled away very quickly. I 
tried to cheer him up by suggesting that we go out for a bite to eat 
and a couple of drinks. He said that the news of Tanya and her 
Internet lover had already got
out and he didn't really feel like going out and being  the object 
of people's pity or gossip. I agreed with him and suggested then 
that we go and get some Chinese take away and a bottle of wine and 
we can sit and chat, just like in the old days. As a teenager Tim 
would always come to me and talk about his problems with girlfriends 
and his life in general.

He agreed to drive me into town to pick up the takeaway and the wine 
On the drive into town we talked about Joshua and the things the two 
boys used to get up to. Before long Tim was showing signs of his old 
self again. We picked up 
the Chinese and then went to the bottle shop to pick up a couple 
bottles of wine. 

When we got home, we settled ourselves at the kitchen table to eat. 
Half an hour and nearly a full bottle of wine later, the table was 
strewn with empty take away packs and we were both feeling rather 
merry. 

Tim suggested we move into the lounge room where we could be more 
comfortable. He picked up our glasses and went into the other room 
while I gathered up the empty containers and threw them into the 
bin. We made ourselves comfy on the couch and finished the first 
bottle of wine all the while just chatting about anything that took 
our fancy. It was good just sitting there laughing and talking. Even 
though Tim was Joshua's friend we had shared a special friendship 
also. I am twice his age but we share similar interests in books, 
music and life. Inevitably, though, as usually happens, the talk got 
around to
sex. We were talking about our wildest sexual fantasies when 
suddenly the smile faded from Tim's face and I could again see the 
gleam of tears in his eyes.

"I don't know what I am doing wrong Georgie. I try my hardest to 
please Tanya, but nothing I do seems to please her both in and out 
of bed. I do everything she asks of me but it never seems to please 
her" 

This time I put my arms around Tim's thin frame. He moved into my 
arms and rested his head on my shoulder. We sat this way for a time 
as he poured out his heart to me. After a while he became very 
quiet, I was not sure if he had gone to sleep or what, when suddenly 
he lifted his head and looked at me. To this day I am not sure what 
actually happened but our lips met in a gentle probing kiss. I felt 
Tim's teeth grazing my bottom lip, he pulled away slightly before we 
met again in a more passionate embrace. His tongue slid over my lips 
and teeth before probing into my mouth. My tongue met his thrust for 
thrust, twisting and turning in an erotic dance. Tim's weight 
against me slowly forced me back against the arm of the couch. We 
lay like this for ages; Tim's body half covering mine. Our lips 
continuing their embrace while our hands
caressed and explored each other's body. His hands found their way 
under my t-shirt top and stroked my  hard nipples through the flimsy 
fabric of my bra. A shiver ran through my body at his firm but 
gentle touch. My t-shirt was pushed up high over my breasts so Tim 
helped me take it off.

"Wow Georgie I always knew you have nice tits but they are 
fantastic, but so much better without this though
" he said as he removed my bra and lightly ran his  tongue over 
them, taking a nipple in his mouth and suckling gently. My pussy 
pulsed and got even wetter. This young man was causing my body to 
react in a way that no other man had ever done. As Tim continued his 
ministrations on my tits his hand worked its way down my body to the 
top of my jeans. Deftly he undid the button and slid the zip down. 
His hand snaked its way down under the elastic of my panties and 
into my now sopping slit. His eyes met mine in a cheeky grin and he 
left my breasts and kissed his way slowly down. My  jeans and 
panties joined my bra and t-shirt on the floor. Tim slid two fingers 
into my pussy and probed deep into me. He took my  swollen clit 
between his lips and gently sucked. The feeling was so intense my 
hips lifted off the couch causing his fingers to thrust even deeper 
into me. Not to be deterred Tim continued his assault on my clit, 
this time with his tongue. He ran it around the swollen nub then 
along my slit. Up and down my pussy from my arse to my clit and 
back, slowly and gently, probing and tasting, all the time his 
fingers fucking in and out of me. I felt my pussy start to clench 
and knew I was about to climax. Tim sensed this too and stopped his 
probing. Not for long though, just long enough for the feeling to 
subside
before he continued again. 

For over half an hour Tim's erotic torture continued. He would bring 
me to the point or orgasm before stopping over and over again until 
finally I came in such a massive orgasm I though I would pass out. 
Tim lapped and sucked up my juices as they flowed from me. I don't 
think I had ever been so wet before. It seemed that the more he 
lapped and sucked the more and the  harder I came until finally he 
came and lay on top of me. He pulled me to him and kissed me deeply 
allowing
me to taste my own juices on his tongue. 

"Stand up and take your clothes off Tim, I want to feel your cock in 
my mouth" I ordered him. He didn't need telling twice. His clothes 
were soon in a pile on the floor and Tim was standing before me with 
his hard cock pointed at my face. I sat up and moved forward, taking 
the head into my mouth. I ran my tongue around the head and down the 
shaft. Inch by
inch I worked his cock into my mouth, taking it in then withdrawing 
only to take a little more in with each thrust. Working like this I 
eventually took his whole 8 inches into my mouth. A groan escaped 
from Tim's lips and he looked down to see his whole length disappear 
between my red lips. All the time his cock was lodged in my mouth 
and throat, my tongue was
worked its way around the sensitive glands at the tip. Each time my 
tongue would slide over the gland Tim's cock would twitch and seemed 
to grow even larger. He placed his hands behind my head to hold me 
still while he thrust his cock in and out of my mouth. Slowly at 
first, just gently thrusts, but as his climax built up he thrust 
harder and harder. With one hand I cupped his balls and gently 
tugged, the other hand reached under him and explored between his 
cheeks. I found his
puckered rear entrance and gently ran my fingertip around it, and 
then slowly I inserted my finger. Tim gasped at this intrusion but 
kept thrusting into my mouth. His arse was so tight it gripped at my 
finger, but with gentle pressure I pushed it further in until it was 
buried up to the second knuckle. Then I thrust it in and out. Tim's 
moans of pleasure increased, as
did the tempo of his fucking until he came in great spurts deep into 
my throat. I managed to swallow as much of his cum as I could but a 
small amount leaked down onto my chin. He then surprised me by 
kneeling in front of me and licking his cum from my chin. At my 
shocked look he commented that women like to taste their own cum so 
why shouldn't he, so I ran my tongue over his cock, taking in as 
much of his cum as I could, then I pulled him down into a deep 
embrace,
using my tongue to let him taste himself. 

We lay down again and cuddled up together. When I awoke several 
hours later I couldn't work out why I was sleeping on my couch and 
what this heavy feeling on my chest was. When I looked down and saw 
Tim's face so beautiful in sleep the full impact of what happened 
hit me. I had had sex with my son's best friend and worse than that 
I had enjoyed it. I knew I should be ashamed of myself, but I had 
enjoyed it too much for that.

Reality then set in and I knew that if I didn't move then, I would 
be looking for a repeat performance, so I gently lifted Tim's arm 
and slid out from beneath  him. I went into the kitchen and made 
myself a cool drink before I went up to my bedroom. I pulled back 
the covers and slid between the cool sheets and lay there trying to 
go back to sleep. But my mind kept going over and over the events of 
last night. I could say it was the alcohol but that would be lying 
because
I knew exactly what was happening and I could have stopped it at any 
time, but it was only my lust for Tim's hard young body that had 
stopped me. I lay there for ages in the dark of my room trying to 
get the image of his hard cock and the feel of his tongue on my 
pussy out of my mind. I had almost succeeded when a voice in the 
dark startled me.

Tim had come into my room and had sat on the edge of my bed. He 
reached over and took hold of my hand. 
"I'm sorry if you are upset over what happened last night, but I am 
not going to apologise for it. I have wanted to fuck you for years. 
You have always been the object of my fantasies. When I was younger 
I had a picture of you taken when we were all on holidays once, and 
I used to masturbate looking at that picture and fantasising about 
what it would be like to feel my cock deep inside your pussy". 

"Tim love, do you think this is right. You are my son's best friend 
and at the moment you are confused about your relationship with 
Tanya. Are you sure that maybe you aren't using me prove to yourself 
and to Tanya that you are better than she thinks. I don't mind being 
used for proving a point, but the last thing I want to do is hurt 
your friendship with Josh
and indeed the friendship between us either. Besides if people heard 
about a relationship between us, you would be the laughing stock of 
the town, and that is  something I couldn't stand to see". 

"How about you worry about yourself for once. If  people want to 
laugh because I am making love to a sexy older woman, then it is 
them that have the  problem not me. As for Josh, he already knows 
about my  fantasies about you. He caught me masturbating to your 
picture once and I told him everything, then just  before he left he 
told me to look after you in every  way possible. So I suspect that 
he was giving me his blessing. As for Tanya, I am not confused about 
our
relationship; there is no relationship. It is over,  and has been 
for sometime, I just didn't want to admit it. So are there any more 
objections before I fulfil my fantasy?" What could I say? Tim slid 
under the covers with me. He half rolled on top of me and slid his 
knee between my legs pushing them open. His hand slide between my 
legs and his fingers slide into my
pussy.  

"Mmmmm still nice and wet for me," he said as he rolled on top of me 
and rested the head of his cock at my entrance. "I have dreamed of 
this moment since I was thirteen years old and I want to savour each 
second of it."

Ever so gently he eased his cock in. Firstly just the head, no more, 
just the tip teasing and tantalising me. Then a little more until 
finally all of him was buried deep inside me. A look of pure ecstasy 
came over Tim's face as he lay over me. He didn't move. He just lay 
there with his cock buried up to his balls deep in my cunt, 
savouring the feeling. Then slowly he
started to move. Just slow short thrusts, his whole length just 
moving inside of me. The feeling was so erotic, his cock touching 
the sides of my pussy and teasing them. My muscles tightened around 
his shaft, drawing it in even more. So deep and so hard. Never had I 
had such a slow and sensual fuck as this. Tim hardly moved, his cock 
moving just enough to tease and excite my inner muscles. My pussy 
muscles began to pulse and throb as my orgasm neared. I gripped Tim's
shoulders as I screamed out in the most massive orgasm I had ever 
felt. I couldn't believe that I was cumming on a cock that was 
hardly moving inside me.  

As my orgasm subsided, Tim withdrew from my pussy and  looked at me 
with a glint in his brown eyes. Without saying a word he turned me 
over and raised me into a  kneeling position. His hands parted my 
arse cheeks and I felt his finger probing at my hole. He moistened 
his finger with my juices and slowly inserted it into my arse. After 
a little initial resistance the finger slipped in up to the knuckle. 
Tim moved his finger around gently easing my arse open. Then I felt 
his
cock there. The head probing and pushing against me until it popped 
in. It had been a while since I had been fucked in the arse and the 
feeling was divine. No slow teasing here. Tim rested his hands on my 
shoulders and pulled me back on to his tool. In no time he was 
buried to the hilt inside my arse. Then he was thrusting into me 
harder and harder. I pushed back
against his forward movement and my arse ground into his pelvis and 
we ground our bodies together in pure lust. My fingers went to my 
clit and I rubbed furiously as his cock ground into me time and time 
again. Tim moaned that he was about to cum.  

"Where do you want me to come babe?" he groaned. "Do you want me to 
pull out and cum over you or can I cum 
inside you" 
"Deep inside me lover, deep deep inside my arse. Fill me with your 
cum" I felt Tim's body stiffen as he shot his load deep into my 
arse. At the same time, my fingering of my clit set off another less 
powerful but equally satisfying orgasm. We collapsed on to the bed,  
Tim's cock still inside of me. He chuckled to himself. I wasn't sure 
what was wrong, so I asked him and he told me that if he had known 
his fantasy would be this good he would probably have tried it 
sooner.

Presently he rolled off of me and pulled the blanket over us both. 
We fell asleep in each other's arms. In  the morning while Tim 
showered I made breakfast for us. When we were seated at the table I 
asked him what he was going to do. He said that he was going to go 
home now and collect his gear. I wasn't sure where this was going, 
but I suggested that maybe he would want to move in here with me for 
a while. Well that was six months ago. Six months of gloriously
fulfilling sex. At first the townspeople were shocked about our 
relationship but nowadays people take it as 
normal. Indeed some of my women friends are envious of my 
relationship with Tim. I have told them that he is mine but maybe if 
they are good, they can help me  fulfil Tim's newest fantasy, a 
threesome. Josh was a little shocked at first, but when he saw how 
happy we both were, he admitted that he was pleased and had known 
all along that something like this would happen.  As for Tanya, her 
internet lover turned out to be an aging man of around sixty years 
of age. At first she 
was repulsed but he finally won her over. Who knows maybe she has 
discovered Tim's secret about older 
lovers, they are like a fine wine, the older and more mature they 
are the better they get. 


_____________________________________________________________________


