Jessica and Katie
by tigerjoe2018

Jessica and Katie Chapter 1

Introduction:
Jessica gets caught by her father while tanning naked by their pool. Her father likes to watch as Jessica found out. After telling her BFF about what happen, both of them begin to show themselves and find out they like to be seen naked and have sex together.

Jessica – main character

Katie – Jessica’s BFF

School had just ended for the summer vacation. On my first weekday with no school, I wanted to just sleep in and then lounge by our pool. Both of my parents were at work, so I thought I would try laying out naked to get an all over tan this year. We have a privacy fence and the neighbors are also working, so I am not worried about being seen. However the thought of being naked outside gave me a thrill. As I walked to the kitchen, I even felt a little thrill and a little nervous about being naked in the house. Just getting some breakfast, I could not believe how different I felt, just because I was naked. While eating breakfast, I cleaned up the kitchen and loaded all of the dishes in the dishwasher for my mother. Keeping busy helped me relax and took my mind off being naked.

Once I finished eating, I walked out to the pool. I went slowly and looked around just to be sure nobody was in the neighborhood. The sun was coming over the roof, so I moved one of the lounge chairs so I was facing the sun, then laid down. Once the sun hit me, it felt so good. It wasn’t long till I became comfortable and relaxed. So relaxed that I fell to sleep. When I awoke and lifted my head, my legs were still spread wide, I wanted the sun to tan my inner thighs. I didn’t know how long I had been laying there until I looked at my phone. It had been an hour and a half. I was thirsty, so I got up and went in to the house.

In the kitchen, I got some water to drink and stood at the sink looking out to the pool. I then noticed there was a glass in the sink, the type my father always uses. I began to panic, did my father come home, more importantly did he see me naked. I know I had done the dishes earlier, then I look out to the chair where I just came from. It was only about 15 feet from the kitchen window. Oh my god, he had to have seen me with my legs spread open. My first thought was why did he not say anything, then I realized it would be embarrassing to wake me, then tell me to go put on some clothes. Then I had to wonder how long he stood there and did he watched me. I looked at the sink again and it was wet, he must of washed there.

I got embarrassed when I thought about seeing him later tonight. Then I was filled with dread, will he wait till later tonight to yell at me, or will he have my mother scold me. My thoughts turned to my punishment, I maybe grounded or lose the car. I went to my room and put on my swim suit as I mulled about. Katie, my best friend was coming shortly to hang out with me, so I’ll ask her what she thinks. Katie lives just across the street and we are more like sisters, since we both are the only child, and both our families hang out with each other.

When Katie got there we went out by the pool and then I told her about what happen and that I might be grounded.

Katie: You know there is another possibility.

Jessica: What’s that?

Katie: He liked looking at you.

Jessica: Shut up!

Katie: I am just saying, you are a hottie and guys like to look.

Jessica: Well you are a hottie too! Does your father look at you?

Katie: I have seen him looking at me a few times.

Jessica: Oh My God! Are you serious.

Katie: Yes. I get embarrassed when I catch him looking at me. By the way, how is it you never asked if I wanted to tan naked?

Jessica: I don’t know, I just thought two girls together naked would be you know, weird. And if someone caught us, what would they think?

Katie: What would your father think if he caught us both naked.

Jessica: I don’t know, maybe he would like seeing you.

Katie: So how about we tan naked then? I would like an all over tan.

Jessica: I guess we can. I mean, I doubt my father will come back again.

We both took off our swim suits. I have seen Katie in the shower at gym class, but to see her in the bright sunlight, she looks gorgeous. Her long flowing blonde hair, her pouty lips, and cute button nose. Then her breasts with her up turned nipples poking out, completely shaved like me and has a nice round butt. I can see why her father looks at her.

Jessica: I had fallen asleep on my back earlier, I need to lay on my stomach for a while. Let me put some lotion on your back, then can you do me.

Katie: Sure, I would like that, as I rolled on to my stomach.

Jessica: I began to rub lotion on to Katie’s back. I have done this so many times before, but now that we are naked, it’s different. It’s more erotic. I moved to Katie’s legs. As I began rubbing in the lotion, I saw her pussy. I have never seen her before like this. Her tiny labia was just peaking out. The skin around her pussy and asshole were just a shade darker then the rest of her body. My mouth was becoming dry, I heard Katie breathing heavier. As I finished her legs, she opened them up wider. Almost done I thought to myself. I just have her ass to go, which I have done before when she was wearing swim bottoms, no big deal I told myself. I squirted some more lotion on to my hands, then I began rubbing her ass. As I did, the crack of her ass opened. I saw her puckered hole. I thought to myself oh god what am I doing, although I did not stop. Almost done, I told myself. Then I ran my hands in to the crack of her ass and let them slide down over her hole to her pussy. She let out a moan. I did it again and then I had to stop. I quickly said all done and got up. I asked Katie if she wanted something to drink as I started walking to the house. In the house I left out a sigh of relief, I never thought I would get so turned on with another girl. I got the drinks and headed back to the pool.

Katie: When I heard Jessica returning, I got up from the chair. She had almost given me an orgasm while putting on the lotion. I watched Jessica as she walked out to me. Her brown hair just falling off her shoulders, her brown eyes and the cutest little smile, with those perky 34B breasts topped off with areolas the size of a half dollar and eraser size, dark pink nipples. I had never thought this way about her before and I can certainly see why her father did look at her, she is beautiful. After she handed me the drink, I told Jessica it’s your turn, go ahead and lay down. She kept her legs together once she was on the chair. I began at her shoulders rubbing in the lotion down to her waist. Then I started at her feet, lifting her legs up and opening them. That is when I saw her pussy, her labia was open like a cute little butterfly and she was dripping on to the chair. She is excited as I am. Up her leg I slowly moved, till my finger tips were just grazing her pussy. Every time my fingers touched her pussy, she took in a deep breath. I only had her ass to do. I squeezed a large dollop of lotion right in to her ass crack. I began smearing the lotion over her ass, pulling her cheeks apart and then pushing them together. My thumbs were now on her pussy and were sliding over her labia, I heard her moan. I wanted it as much as she did now. I kept rubbing her pussy and she was gasping for air. I reach under and rubbed her clit and she tensed up and left out a long moan. I had given her an orgasm. I backed away and Jess turned over.

Jessica: Katie I don’t know what to say, I never felt anything like that before. I never thought about you and I, us, doing something like that. But, but that was so intense and wonderful. I got up and went to Katie and hugged her, then without thinking, I kissed her on the mouth. Katie returned the kiss and she began to feel my breasts. I kissed Katie and then said, I want to make you feel as good as you did to me, but first let me have some time to prepare myself, then I kissed her and she opened her mouth and sucked in my tongue. We kissed for another minute or so then Katie pulled away. We both sat down and laid on the chairs.

Katie: What do you think you father would say if he saw us doing that?

Jessica: I smiled then said, I think that he would of enjoyed that, I know I did. We both laid in the sun. Occasionally one of us would talk to the other about something or another. In my mind I kept thinking about Katie and how I was going to pay her back. After a while I got a text from my mother, she is going grocery shopping after work. I told Katie then looked at the time. We had two hours before my father gets home from work. Katie come with me. I grabbed her hand and walked to the outside shower and turned it on. As we stood under the water, I started to wash the lotion off Katie and caress her body, as she did the same to me.

Katie: This feels nice Jess.

Jessica: I hope to make you feel much better in a few minutes, then I kissed her and we started making out. All clean up, we walked hand in hand over to the chairs. After I kissed Katie, I knelt down and began sucking on her nipples while I fondled her breasts. I lowered my hand to her pussy. As I began rubbing her pussy, Katie started to moan and ride my hand. I pulled away and asked Katie to lie on the chair. I got on my knees and began to kiss her legs, then I pulled open her legs and kissed up her thighs till I reached her pussy. I licked her pussy from bottom to top and then back again. Katie was already squirming in the chair and I began in earnest to eat her and nibble on her labia. She moaned and groaned and arched her back pushing her pussy to my mouth. I opened my mouth wide and covered her pussy and let my teeth scrap over her mound.

Katie: I pulled Jessica to me and kissed her. Then said, I want you to get in to a sixty-nine position with me, I want to taste you.

Jessica: I have never been so horny. I straddled Katie’s face and watched as I lowered myself on to her mouth. When I felt her tongue on my pussy, I started to have an orgasm. I leaned forward and put my mouth back on Katie’s pussy and we both began to eat each other. After several orgasms I got up and turned around, then laid down with Katie were we kissed and caressed each other.

Katie: Wow! I have never felt like that before. Now I know why guys always are looking for sex.

Jessica: Sex with you is great, I can only imaging what it would be like to have a cock in my pussy, but I can’t believe it would be much better than that.

Jessica: We then kissed. I looked at the time. My father will be home in about a half hour. Lets us put on some more lotion and our bottoms, then we will lay here till my father comes home. Once he come out to us, we can put on our tops, but lets do it in such a way that he gets a few peaks at our breasts. Afterwords we can rinse off in the shower, if he is watching, we can “accidentally” let him see some more of us.

Katie: Do you think he will tell my father about you and us? I mean they talk all of the time, they must talk about girls, right?

Jessica: That is something we are going to have to find out. At this point, we still do not know if he is mad at me from this morning. So we will have to see how he reacts, before we go any further. My father came home and walked out to us. He was in a good mood, so we continued on with our plan. We slide on our tops as we all talked and he watched us. I know he saw plenty of side boob and maybe even a nipple. We adjusted our tops as we stood in front of him, no sign of him being disgusted. My father said he was going to order pizza so mom would not have to cook after she got home. I asked if Katie can stay the night. It was fine with him, so Katie called her parents and they said ok. My father then went inside.

Katie: Lets shower off the lotion and then go in. Can I borrow some cloths so we can let our swim suits dry.

Jessica: That is a good idea. We came in the house and went to my room, I left the door open, I did not see my father anywhere and my parents bedroom door was closed. I motioned for Katie to whisper.

Katie: Lets put on a little skater skirt and a tank top, no underwear. Later we can go swimming again. If we get a chance, we can accidentally flash your father. Lets take our bikinis outside to dry.

Jessica: Nothing happen while we ate and helped my mother. Nothing was said about me being caught naked by my father. The sun wasn’t down yet so I suggested we go for a swim. My father already had his shorts on and we followed him out, while my mother went to her bedroom to change. We picked up our bottoms and my father and I watched as Katie pulled on her bottoms under her skirt, then pulled off her skirt. She turned her back to us, then pulled off her top and put on her bikini top. I took a step in back of my father to go around him while I was watching Katie and I ended up falling in the pool. I was so embarrassed for being such a klutz and quickly pulled myself out.

Katie: You may want to put on your bikini. Your white skirt and top are now see-through. I started laughing and so did Jessica’s father.

Jessica: Almost in a panic, I quickly turned my ass towards my father and pulled off my top and put on my bikini top. I tried to put on my bikini bottoms quickly, but with my skirt wet it clung to my skin. I settled down a bit and got my bottoms about half way up, then pulled off my skirt. My ass was uncovered and was seen by my father, till I was able to pull the bottoms up. By the time I was done I was so embarrassed, my face was all red. Once I turned around to Katie and my father, I said I am such a klutz, then I began to laugh.

We all jumped in to the pool and had some fun. Then my mother and father went in to the house to clean up. Katie and I stayed in the pool and made out when we thought it was safe. Katie told me my father got to see nearly everything of me with my little mishap earlier. I had to laugh again. We finally left the pool and got a shower together. We put on some bikini panties and a tank top, something my father has seen me in before, but it was the first time he has seen Katie like that, and he did look at her.

The next morning both of my parents had left for work so Katie and I immediately stripped. After breakfast we went out to the pool and I asked Katie to masturbate, while I watch her. Seeing her touch herself had me so worked up. After she had an orgasm, she fell back on the chair to rest. I went over and kissed her and told her that was awesome, it made me horny just watching you.

Katie: Having someone watch you makes it more intense and exciting. Will you masturbate so I can watch you?

Jessica: I was hoping you would ask me. I kissed Katie and asked if she is ready. I sat down across from her and began pulling on my nipples and squeezing my breasts. Then my hand went to my pussy, I was so wet already that we could hear my pussy making a squishing sound. I pulled my feet up and put them on the chair and spread myself wide open and rubbed my pussy. I was watching Katie as I began rubbing faster and faster. I was taking in deep gasps of air. With my other hand, I played with my clit and then it happen. I had a huge orgasm and moaned loudly. I slowly rubbed my pussy with gentle caress for a few moments, then lowered my feet. I licked off my fingers and as I regained my breath. I said to Katie, having someone watching me is an incredible turn on.

Katie: Watching you was hot. I am all excited again.

Jessica: I checked the time, we had a while to go before it would be the same time as when my father showed up yesterday. So we talked about what to do. We went in the house and got a few things ready, then waited so see if my father would show up. We were watching and waiting for him to show and at almost exactly the same time as yesterday, he came home. Katie and I quickly ran to get everything setup and then went out to the pool. We were both excited for showing ourselves and having my father watch us had us so nervous. We both laid down beside each other and began kissing. After a few minutes of us making out, and without my father coming to stop us. We knew he had to be enjoying the view. Katie rolled on top of me and then kissed down my body till she was hunched over and eating my pussy, with her butt up and legs apart showing my father her pussy. As she ate me, I moaned louder, just so my father could hear me. I had an orgasm very quickly and Katie moved up and kissed me for a minute, then with her back to my father. She sat on my face while I ate her to an orgasm. Katie moved down and we kissed again, then moved in to a sixty-nine position. We each had several more orgasm as we ate each other, then Katie moved beside me and we kissed and cuddled each other. When I could, I would take a glance in to the kitchen window to see if my father was still there. When I felt it was safe, I slowly got up and said loudly enough for my father to hear, in case he was still there, let me get something for us to drink. I slowly made my way to the house, giving my father time to escape if needed. Once in the house, I saw his car was not there and told Katie it was safe.

Katie: I came running in to get the video camera we had hide, as Jess got the computer ready. We saw, Jessica’s father come directly to the kitchen and as soon as he saw us, got out his mobile and started videoing us. What amazed us even more, was he opened his pants and jerked off, shooting his load in the kitchen sink. Then he washed his cum down the drain. I thought to myself, so that is why the sink was wet yesterday.

Jessica: For the rest of the day, Katie and I talked about what to do next.
