The Little Boy Rapers Club
[bb (multi) NC, WS, scat (heavy), bestiality]

By Antonio Green (antoniogreen@writeme.com)

This is all fantasy. The author does not condone any of the acts depicted in the story in real life. Let your fantasies run wild but treat children well.

Chapter 2: The Descent Begins - Into the Barn 

FROM CHAPTER 1

Donny's choice of perfect victim was confirmed when on Wednesday of that first week of school, the little boy--whose name Donny now knew was Marky--left school on his bike with his coat wrapped around his waist. To Donny, that could mean just one thing. So as Marky pedaled by, Donny stepped out of his vantage point and `accidentally' bumped into the little guy. Marky wheeled wildly, but Donny caught the bike before it could drag the tyke down. In steadying the bike, Donny pushed the jacket aside a few inches. Donny's guess was right. Marky had wet himself. A huge patch wet his brown uniform pants. 

Donny's pecker stiffened immediately to it's full three uncircumcised inches. Fuck," he thought. "I'd love to fuck the little bastard right now." But he didn't. He just muttered a quick apology and moved on before Marky could really see his face.

Donny knew he'd get his wish soon and was willing to wait.

ON TO CHAPTER 2

So, a little over four weeks later on a warm Friday afternoon, Donny, Peter, and Hunter--faces streaked with green, brown, and black camo paint--laid in wait by the side of the road. Marky slowed down when he saw the three big boys. He thought about turning around but the way back to the school was all uphill. He gulped, and continued pedaling, looking down at the ground as he went by the three boys. They waited until he was 10 yards down the road before taking off after him, keeping pace perfectly, neither gaining nor losing ground. Marky would stop. The three boys would stop. Marky would speed up. The three boys would speed up.

Finally Marky neared an old dusty road that led off to the right. Just as he reached it, the three boys grabbed him and knocked him off his bike. He hadn't been going fast enough to hurt himself as he fell, but he howled anyway.

Donny kicked him in the ribs.

"Shut up, baby!" he yelled. "Shut up or we'll slice your nose off." He flashed a Buck knife with an 8-inch blade to prove his point.

Still on their bikes Peter reached down and righted the little bike, and Hunter reached down and dragged a whimpering Marky to his feet. Donny scuttled his bike over to the boy and leaned three inches from his face.

"What's your teacher's name?"

Marky could only whimper. Donny punched him hard in the gut.

"Tell me! What's the bitch's name?"

"Mrs. Gween," Marky gasped trying to catch his breath and not to puke. 

"Okay shit for brains, what's the name of your day care teacher?"

"Mrs. Wobison." 

Donny laughed. "I so fuckin' wove wittle boys who can't pwonounce theh ahs."

Donny took a Trac phone from his pocket and dialed the number of the day care center he'd seen Marky pedal to throughout his week of recon.

"Hello, this is Mrs. Green at St. Barnabas School," Donny said in a near perfect imitation of a woman's voice. "May I speak with Mrs. Robison? Oh, good. I'm glad I got a hold of you. Little Marky won't be going to day care today. I'm afraid he vomited right before school let out. His mother is coming to get him, so don't worry. Yes. Yes. No, I'm not sure if he'll be back tomorrow. That's up to his mother. You do have the school's number if you need to call, don't you? I' don't think so either, but you do know just in case. Thank you. And thank you for taking such good care of our little boy." 

Peter and Hunter stood astraddle their bikes astounded at Donny's performance. At just about that moment, the three other boys rode up to the little convocation. Marky now felt sick in his stomach. Six big boys, all with funny paint on their faces, loomed menacingly around him. And that dog. That big, huge dog, bigger even than he was stood there looking at him.

"Fwaid of dogs. Pwease. I'm fwaid of dogs," Marky shrieked.

Deiter moved forward and grabbed the handlebars of Marky's bike and held it steady.

"Get on your bike," he said softly. 

"No dude," Donny interrupted Deiter. "Not yet. Take your clothes off first."

Marky shrieked again. "No. No. Pwease no!"

Donny walked slowly to toward the little boy, flipping his knife in the air. As he got within five feet of his victim, the little boy started madly pulling his uniform sweater off. 

"Hey, Matt, whyn't you help the piss baby off with his clothes." The name was apt because Marky had indeed wet himself. A dark spot covered the entire front of his brown pants and extended down both legs and soaked the small light blue socks. 

Twelve-year old Matt knelt in front of the boy.  "Man," he said, "I didn't think such a little kid could hold so much pee. He's like totally soaked."

HE then began stripping Marky quickly out of his school uniform. When nothing was left to cover the kindergartner's nakedness but his sodden underpants, Matt stopped for a moment to look at the young victim. He wondered if he was the only one in the group who felt a bit guilty about what they were doing, about what they were about to do. But the skinny, pale, red head shivering in fear in front of him was so cute, so inviting that passion overcame guilt. He yanked the soaked underpants to the boy's ankles.

"Shit man," he sighed. "If that isn't the cutest little boy package I've ever seen." Truth be told, it was only the second `little boy package' Matt had seen. He'd helped his mom change his infant brother on numerous occasions and was always enticed by the infant's chubby penis. But what Matt saw in front of him looked nothing like his brother's package that was often on the verge of being hard. No, Marky's penis had shrunk down into a little button that rested on the lowest part of his skinny pubis. The ball sack was empty, its contents appearing to have pulled up inside the boy in fear. The empty sack looked to Matt like a dried up leaf. Matt felt it gently.

"Hey guys, everything's climbed up inside him. Feel this."

One-by-one the boys reached over and fondled the tight, empty sack, Donny going last. But he didn't just feel the sack, he yanked on it, then dropped to his knees and took it in his mouth and bit it.

Marky shrieked. "STOP IT. STOP IT."

Dieter pushed Donny away. "Cool it, dude. We don't want to really hurt him."

Donny muttered under his voice, "You don't. Doesn't mean I don't." No one but Peter had heard the brown-haired 10-year old. Peter liked what he heard. 

To quiet things down, Matt reached over and carefully lifted first one then other of the little boy's legs out of the sodden underwear. Matt looked inside. The poor little guy had done more than wet himself out of fear. A brown , toothpaste squiggle of poop clung to the fabric.

"He's not just a peepee baby, guys," Matt announced with a tone of disgust. "He's a poopoo baby, too." But his next actions betrayed his voice. Matt lifted the size five white Jockeys and stuck the front in his mouth. He began sucking the piss off them, loving the taste but eager for something even dirtier. Then with great flair he reversed the panties so everyone could see the little child's slight smear of shit and thrust them into his mouth. Matt was in ecstasy. He loved the acrid taste. 

His actions didn't surprise his friends. All the boys reveled in piss and shit play, but Matt was the dirtiest among them. 

"You aren't kissing me until you brush your teeth," Andrew giggled. 11-year old Andrew was as close to being Matt's boyfriend as possible without them actually declaring love or affection for each other. They did frequently kiss, but usually tried to make it gross for the others to see. 

Matt jumped up and grabbed Andrew, thrusting his tongue into his erstwhile boyfriend's mouth. Andrew did not resist. He, too, loved the taste. After several minutes of tongues probing and pushing shit-flavored saliva back and forth, Andrew pushed away, slightly breathless.

"It tasted a little bit like peanuts," Andrew said. "Hey little boy, did you have peanut butter for lunch?" Marky nodded. He had peanut butter everyday. "That was good. Maybe we should try it on toast next."

After the ensuing guffaws died down, Donny reached into his backpack and pulled out a brown pharmacy bottle. 

"Hey guys. I stole these from my grampa the last time I was at his house. They're the boner pills I was telling you about."

He opened the bottle and shook seven yellow, triangular shaped pills out. 

Deiter scoffed. "Like fuck they're boner pills. Real boner pills are blue and they're called Viagra.

"Fuck you, Deiter. I looked it up on the Internet. They're called Cialis and they last a long time. More than Viagra. We'll be hard and horny for two days. And they work pretty quick."

"You ever tried `em on your own," Hunter asked.

"Nah. Just what I learned about `em on the Internet. Never took `em before," Donny lied since he used them frequently for his combination business/play with his grandfather and his grandfather's friends. 

Hunter laughed. "If I was any harder or hornier I think it'd break off. There are six of us. Why you got seven pills?"

"One for our little faggot here. We want him hard and horny, too, don't we? Hey and I got a lot here, so we can use `em later too. Grampa won't miss them." The truth was, Donny hadn't stolen them from the old man. Donny's grandfather gave them to his grandson as payment for some fun he and seven of his friends had had with the boy over the past weekend. But like I said before, that's a whole other story.

"Okay, I guess it sounds good, man," Deiter relented. "But I can't dry swallow pills."

All the other boys admitted to the same problem. Donny reached in his pack once again and pulled out a folding Boy Scout cup.

"No problem. I got a cup," Donny said holding up the cup. "And I got a hose." He grasped his groin as he said it. "But I got something else that's just as good." 

Donny handed the seven pills to Hunter and reached back into his pack. He pulled out another pharmacy bottle, this filled with small, unmarked white pills.

"Happy pills, dudes. Ecstasy. E. These I have done before and they make you so fucking horny. Crazy almost. One time I took one and ended up fucking my ass on my bed with a cucumber. One of those ones that come wrapped in plastic. But I took the plastic off and used butter to get it in. I got like half of it in. It was fucking awesome. I had a cum that wouldn't quit. Know what was funny, guys? My mom used it for our salad that night." 

Donny was mostly telling the truth this time only he'd left out some details. His grandfather had been there along with two other men. They'd all fucked the boy with the English cucumber but only after they'd already fucked the boy with their E-fueled cocks. And the butter Donny said he'd used to lube the vegetable was man butter - cum - shot up his much-fucked asshole. But they did have the cucumber that evening. His grandfather had made the salad and hadn't bothered cleaning the vegetable before slicing it and marinating it. 

Donny unzipped his pants and pulled them down. "Commando! The best way to travel," he hooted. His three inch boner was super hard, but Donny was one of those boys who could piss with a hard-on. He'd lose that skill as his cock grew, but for now, he enjoyed being able to do it. He filled the cup and handed it and one each of the pills to the other boys in turn. They all swallowed the pills easily, rinsing it down with the ten year old's piss. Marky was wide eyed as the cup came to him. It was almost empty, but Donny figured there was enough piss in it to work.

Donny handed the pills to the boy. Marky stared at them and shook his head. 

"Don't wanna," he whined.

Donny grabbed the pills, shoved them into the younger boy's mouth, followed it with a splash of warm piss, and held his had over Marky's mouth while pinching the boy's nostrils shut. Marky swallowed almost immediately. 

The cup was almost empty when Donny looked at it. "Hey, Peter. Do a guy a favor. I want to save my piss for more fun later. Fill up the cup, okay?"

Donny had asked Peter because his was the smallest penis among the group except for Marky's. Peter was always a little embarrassed about it. But he pulled it out and after a half minute of concentrating filled the cup. Now you may be wondering why Donny would know that Peter had to piss. This had been their plan. None of them had urinated all day since their first morning pee. And none had pooped at all. This had been Donny's instruction. And they stuck with them.

Marky was back to crying, the acrid urine fouling his mouth. Deiter lifted him up onto the little tyke bike seat. Marky had never ridden it bare-butt before. The padded saddle scraped his legs. 

"Owwweee!" Marky howled. Deiter lifted him off and put him on his lap. He nuzzled the boy's bright red hair. "Don't worry, little guy," he whispered so only the tyke could hear him. "We're not going to hurt you. It'll all feel good. I promise." Deiter wished he could keep the promise. He no longer felt raping this scared little boy was such a good idea. His hard, leaking five and a half inch penis disagreed however, in the way only a pubertal boys dick is able to argue with that boy's good intentions. And as the Ecstasy and Cialis slowly took effect, Deiter's brain was losing the battle against his penis.

The pressure of the little boy's body on Deiter's bladder awakened the thirteen-year old's awareness of the need to piss.

"Hey guys, I gotta piss something fierce. Let's get over to the barn as fast as we can. Okay?"

"Don't know why," Donny snarled. "You can always piss yourself like the little piss baby you're holding. Won't be the first time." The disdain in Donny's voice was palpable. Yes, Deiter had pissed himself in front of the other boys before. But they all had. It was a game they'd all played. Piss themselves and worse. Deiter was going to respond but decided it wasn't worth it. He kicked off and started down the slight slope to the abandoned barn.

Donny led the way as he often did. He and Deiter usually vied for the privilege of being first. But this time Deiter was at a disadvantage and Donny was not about to cut him any slack. He skidded to a stop and pulled open the immense barn doors just enough to let the motley parade go by on their bikes. Cosmo, the Great Dane, followed close behind.

TO BE CONTINUED (I promise)...

[Let me know what you think! Email coments to Antonio Green at antoniogreen@writeme.com]