MR. HEMMING'S SCHOOL

BY UNKNOWN

It all began, like so many other things, over dinner with the
Baron at his house in San Francisco. As usual, our conversation
soon got round to the subject of boys. He began to talk about a
rather special school of his."I've got about twenty boarders
there", he said. "You know how boys disappear from home and
aren't seen again". I did know, indeed. Some of the Baron's
agents were behind those kidnappings. "Well, a lot of the best of
them end up at my school. It's a real boy- bordello. If you'd
like to spend a term there, I can arrange that!".

I couldn't resist such an invitation. Next Friday, I got into the
Baron's private plane. After a couple of hours' flight, we had
left the land behind us and were heading out into the open sea.
"The Gulf of California", said the pilot, "the west coast of
Mexico!". Then we began to descend towards a small island, lying
quite by itself in the blue waters...

A few minutes later, we touched down on a primitive
landing-strip. The air was warm and balmy. A grey-haired man was
waiting on the tarmac.

"I'm Hemming", he said, with a slight foreign accent. "Come
along". We got into an old wooden shooting-brake, and in a few
minutes we had arrived at the gates of the school. The gate was
opened by a burly man in a khaki uniform.

"That's the Sergeant", said Mr. Hemming. "He's here to help me
keep the boys in order. And stop them from trying to escape. Not
that they can get very far, if they do!". In front of the school
buildings, there was a grassy field surrounded on three sides by
trees and shrubberies.

Mr. Hemming stopped the car, and we got out. A group of young
boys, from about twelve to fourteen years old, were playing
kick-about with a football. They were all deliciously pretty
kids, real all-American boys, and were dressed in jerseys and
shorts of different colours, white and yellow, green and red,
carefully chosen to set off their good looks to the best
advantage. "There are some of my boys", said Mr. Hemming. "You
can do anything, and I mean anything you like with them!". In the
late afternoon sunlight, that field with the boys in it,every
single one of them available, looked like Paradise. "But first of
all,let me show you to your quarters!". We went through the front
door into a cool, panelled hall. The whole place had the
authentic atmosphere of a prep school. My host led me up a broad
staircase, along a corridor and into a nicely furnished room,
with a big,comfortable bed. The walls were covered with pictures
of outrageously pretty boys, in various stages of undress... and
erection!

Mr. Hemming opened another door which led into the next room. I
went through and found myself in a boy's dormitory, with eight
black-painted cast-iron beds, neatly made with white pillows and
sheets turned down over grey school blankets.

"You'll be the master on dorms", said Mr. Hemming. "You can
either get into the boys' beds, or take them into your room,
whichever you like. They all knowhow to get fucked!". For a
moment, I was back at my old school again,feeling up the younger
boys underneath their little cotton pyjamas... "They're a
high-spirited lot sometimes", he went on. "If you want to
exercise a little discipline, you'll find all the instruments you
need in your room. Please do not use any others. We've got to
keep the boys in good condition!". "I'll leave you now to have a
rest and unpack. Come downstairs for a cocktail before dinner...
shall we say in an hour's time?". I lay back on the bed,
thinking...

On the wall in front of me, there was an oil-painting of a nude
boy with a rampant prick and great, lustful eyes... He looked
just like my fag at Eton, coming naked into my prefect's bedroom!
Then I went downstairs. A boy, neatly dressed in a cherry-red
school blazer buttoned up over grey flannel shorts, was waiting
for me in the hall. He was a deliciously pretty thirteen-
year-old, with a thick cap of honey-gold hair cut in a fringe, a
round sweet face and brown eyes.

"I'm Gareth" he said softly in a rich deep choir-boy's voice. He
took me by the hand and led me into Mr. Hemming's study. A
dark-haired boy was standing there dressed in the same school
uniform. He had full red lips and eyes so dark and lustrous that
I took him for a Jew, although he had the most perfect little
snub nose in the world.

"Take a chair", said my host,cordially. "The boys will pour our
drinks!". As the fair-haired boy brought mine over, I put my arm
round him and drew him down onto my knee. When I felt the first
touch of his so sweet lips on mine, I didn't want a
cocktail,anymore...

After a little while, we went into the dining-hall. I noticed
that all the boys were in the same cherry-red blazers and grey
shorts. They were sitting on benches down the length of the room.
Mr. Hemming and I sat down at the top table, with the two boys
from the sitting-room to wait on us.

"They're my prefects!", he said. He was a liberal host, and his
cooking was almost as good as the Baron's. I could see that the
boys were eating the same food.And they seemed to be enjoying
themselves. Mr. Hemming pointed to the left-hand table. "That's
your dormitory, there", he said, quietly. He looked across at
Gareth, sitting there beside me. "And he's your dorm prefect!".

After dinner we had coffee in Mr. Hemming's study, with Gareth
sitting close beside me on the sofa, and the dark-haired boy, who
was called Yomtob,curled up with my host in his big arm-chair.
Gareth's brown eyes were gazing up at me, and as I kissed him
over and over again and ruffled his soft yellow hair, my other
hand slowly unbuttoned the fly of his shorts, and slipped
inside... What I felt there was already hard and moist to my
touch,promising sweet delights to come. Neither of us spoke. Mr.
Hemming was similarly occupied with the boy on his knee.
Suddenly, a bell rang outside.

"That's the boys' bedtime", said Mr.Hemming, getting up. "Come
along with me, please". He led the way back to the dining-hall,
where the other boys were reading and larking about. The two
prefects briskly separated their charges into their respective
groups.Gareth gathered his group around me. "Good night, my dear
sir", said Mr.Hemming, and left the room, followed by Yomtob and
his contingent. It was clearly time for me to take over. "Right,
boys", I said, "go up to the dorm now, and lie down on your beds.
But none of you start getting undressed till I come! Gareth, I
want you to find a gramophone and some pop records. We're going
to have a ball".

I went upstairs to my room, washed and changed into a satin shirt
and a pair of soft creamy leather breeches with a pull-down flap
in front,fastened at the waist by two buttons. I knew that most
boys were turned o n by the feel of leather rubbing against their
soft bodies. And it would be the work of a moment to get out my
prick. A long, thin, whippy black riding-switch had been left in
my room. Now I was equipped for sex! I went through to the dorm.
There I was, alone with a bevy of nubile kids, sitting and lying
on their neatly-made beds in their red blazers and short grey
flannel pants. I licked my lips. Before the night was finished,
their clothes would be scattered all over the floor, in such
confusion that no one would know who they belonged to... and
those beds would be so rumpled, that matron would have had a fit!

I went over to Gareth's bed and pulled the boy onto his feet. I
stood there quietly for a moment, with my arm about his waist,
looking round at the other boys. "We'll start with a strip-tease
competition", I cried, "each one of you in turn. We've got plenty
of time. And the best boy will win a prize!".

Gareth put on a long-playing pop record, and suddenly the
dormitory was full of sound. I sat down on the edge of his bed,
and motioned two of the other boys to come and sit there with me.
"I shall be wanting some assistance", I said to the boy on my
right, squeezing him gently between his legs. He was a lovely,
tall, slim dark- haired youngster of fourteen, with deep blue
eyes. "What's your name?". "Adam", he replied. The other
boy,called Robert, was a sturdy thirteen-year-old with thick,
deep red-gold hair, cut in a fringe over his widely-spaced blue
eyes. I left Gareth standing there in front of me. Slowly, my
eyes travelled up and down his body. "You're the first heat", I
cried. "You like discos, don't you. So take your blazer off!".

Obediently, the young boy undid the brass button in front of his
red blazer and slipped it off his shoulders. In his grey pullover
and shorts, he began to wriggle his hips in time with music. As
he stood there dancing, his eyes set in his head and his little
pink tongue was protruding from his mouth. After a little while,
the music changed from a fast tempo to a slower,smoochy number.
"Come on, you luscious boy", I said, smiling, "you're going to
strip for me. Unfasten your shorts at the waist. That's right...
Now...open your fly-buttons. Lovely...".

I reached forward, undid the bottom button of his shirt and
pulled it apart. A light on the dormitory wall shone like a spot
on the boy's grey uniform shorts, still hugging his hips but now
showing a broad V of his white underpants, stretched out tight
over his under belly. I watched him for a couple of minutes, as
his hips twisted slowly...

"Oh... you little... beauty", I shouted, quite entranced. "Take
off your sweater!". His slim body stretched out as he pulled it
up over his head, and made his wriggling hips look even more sexy
in their grey school-boy shorts. "And your tie", I cried. The red
and yellow tie came off. "Undo your collar". How I was enjoying
that pretty kid! I could see his breast heaving under his shirt.
"Now get your shorts half down to your knees. Stop there! Legs
apart...Keep them up like that!". The boy was obeying my every
command. "Take your hands away", I cried."and twist... I want to
see those shorts come down by themselves!".

All the time, I was playing with the two boys on either side of
me,rubbing at their cocks over the front of their shorts and
going up inside the legs to feel their peachy thighs! Inch by
inch, Gareth's grey shorts slipped down to his knees... and down
his legs... until they sank in a rumpled heap over his shoes.
"Kick them off", I ordered. "Shoes and socks off".

He bent down, his hair brushing against my crotch. Then I made
him stand up again, and go on dancing. All the boy seemed to have
on now was his snowy- white shirt, which fell back around his
hips... and how sexy his long slim legs looked underneath it! The
pace of the music became faster again. "Put your hands on your
hips,and ruck up your shirt", I cried. Now I could see his white
underpants. They had faded to that pale shade through frequent
washing. I was sure that in this place, they often became soaked
with cum! And yes...they were showing a nice, big bulge in front.
"Undo your shirt, kid!", I ordered. His little fingers went down
the front undoing the buttons,revealing his sweet boy's breast.
And his little pink tits. "Take it off!Come on, honey... that's
it". He pulled his shirt off his back and there was that pretty
Gareth, stripped naked except for his tight cotton briefs. I
hugged Adam and Robert round their waists. "Now... you two... get
down,either side of him. You boys pull his briefs down.
Slo...wly!!!".

I sat there, on Gareth's bed, to watch the last scrap of clothing
being removed from the boy's lush body. The thin white cotton
stretched and creased... and there was his prick, stiff and
rampant, and his balls, all swelling out firm and round, and
still smooth and hairless. The blue knickers slid right down his
slender legs.

"Adam... Robert... get hold of his arms", I shouted, "bring him
up close... and keep him standing there,just like that!". I
leaned forward to take him, and the boy's cock slipped smoothly
into my open mouth. I sucked and sucked... while the boys held
him there, standing up. His hips lurched and heaved, the boy
gasped, and began to shoot. That kid almost choked me with his
first load! Then the boys let go of him, and Gareth tumbled into
a heap on the floor.I stood up, the blood pounding in my ears.
That kid had been playing up to me all evening, and I couldn't
hold myself back any longer. I just had to fuck him now. And fuck
him hard. I lifted him off the floor and threw him onto the
nearest bed. The naked boy lay there on his back, panting, with
his arms and legs sprawled out.

In a moment, I had unbuttoned the front of my breeches. I dabbed
some KY onto my burning prick, grabbed the boy by his ankles and
pulled his body towards me until his narrow hips were resting on
the cast-iron rail of the bedstead. Then I raised his feet up to
the level of my ears, stretching his legs out straight, held them
open wide... and with a savage thrust, I had him! Gareth yelled
as he felt my prick slide right home between his bottom-cheeks.
My hands worked his legs back and forth in the air as I plunged
and plunged again, deep into his hot, squeezing little- boy cunt!
He put his hands behind his thighs to support his legs. I looked
down between them at the boy writhing on the bed. All the other
boys were watching us. I caught the eye of a dark-haired
twelve-year-old called Lee.

"Come over and wank him", I cried. Lee scrambled onto the bed and
took Gareth's cock into his little hand. Then I was conscious
only of a blur of cherry-red and grey around the naked Gareth
struggling beneath me as we fucked him and wanked him at the same
time. The boy moaned as a stream of white cum spurted out onto
his creamy breast and stomach. Then, with one final lunge, my
prick pumped its load of sperm into him! I pulled out of him,
flung myself down on the bed with him and cuddled him close for a
moment. I felt his naked body pressing against mine, hot with
sweat and all sticky with his cum. Then I got a towel and rubbed
him down, made him put on his night-clothes and get into bed.
Those boys didn't wear pyjamas. Mr. Hemming liked them to sleep
in white cotton vests, and little sports shorts fitting tight
round their hips. I thought how nicely they would come off when I
got into bed with them. I fastened up my leather breeches and sat
down on the bed again. Now I would have the next boy to play
with. I beckoned to a beautiful twelve-year-old kid, who was
sitting there quietly on the edge of his bed.He had long soft
fair hair, curling over his ears. I looked up and down his slim
figure. This little boy had all three blazer buttons done up, and
his grey shorts looked trim and neat under his coat.

"What's your name", I asked. "Lawrence", he replied softly, "they
call me Lol". I told two of the other boys, Mitchie and Preston,
to come over. "It's Lol's turn next" I said, "and you boys are
going to do the stripping. Take his blazer off!".

I could feel myself getting another hard-on, as their little
hands unbuttoned Lol's red blazer and peeled it back off his
sloping shoulders. "Hands on your head, Lol... stretch... really
stretch... and start jiving!". I watched him dance like that for
a little while. Then... "pullover off...", I cried, "now his
tie... You boys like stripping him, don't you!".

The music swelled up again to an excited frenzy.

"Get his shorts open...", I cried. "Down a bit. Now leave them...
just there...". They had got his fly open, down to his crotch,
and the grey flannel nicely rumpled around his hips. The boy was
wriggling his thighs about... but this time the shorts wouldn't
come down by themselves! I leaned forward, and little by little I
pulled and teased at them until they slid down his legs to his
feet. He stepped out of them with a sexy smile...

"We'll have his shirt off, next". The two boys were quick to
oblige. The shirt was unbuttoned, revealing a white cotton vest
on underneath.

"Take his vest off", I cried. "Now... you sexy boy", I went on,
loving every moment of it, "I will remove your briefs!". I leaned
forward and slowly pulled his little white pants down. "You're
naked now, honey", I said, softly, "and I'm going to watch you
being fucked! Mitchie... Preston... get your shirts off.Quickly".

I was already undoing their shorts. While they struggled with
ties and buttons, I pulled the boys' shorts and their pants right
down to their feet. Then I made Lol lie down over the edge of his
bed, with his knees on the floor, slightly apart. I placed his
pillow under his head, and he drew up his elbows on either side
of it, to support his head on his hands. He looked round, and
smiled at me seductively.

"You've been had before!", I said. "Yes, the little tart!",
exclaimed Mitchie, suddenly. "he gets it almost every night". I
looked hard at him. "Well, Mitchie", I laughed, "since you know
all about it... you can go up him first!". The boys watched me as
I spread the KY between Lol's bottom-cheeks, and rubbed it right
inside with first one, then two fingers. His face flushed,and he
wriggled his hips under my probing hand. Mitchie's little-boy's
prick was sticking out in front of him like a poker. I took it
into my hand, which was all wet and sticky with the KY, and
squeezed him gently. The flesh was hard... and hot! Then I picked
up my black riding-switch, and slowly drew it across the
fair-haired boy's bottom.

"There you are, Mitch!", I cried. "Now I want to see you ride
him!". Mitchie got down in front of his victim, roughly parted
Lol's slender thighs and pressed in... Lol let out a gasping cry
as the boy's thrust went home. I raised my switch high above my
head, and THWAAAACK!... down it came across Mitchie's
outstripped, naked bottom. And again... and again... The room was
filled with a succession of strangled yelps as with every plunge
into the fair-haired boy beneath him, my switch whipped down on
Mitchie's heaving buttocks. I was goading him to rape that
writhing boy without mercy!The four boys who still had all their
clothes on were clutching at the front of their shorts... or each
other's. Someone began to pull Lee's pants down. Then Mitchie
yelled out loud as he spent himself in Lol's body. I pushed him
aside and made Preston take his place. I whipped up that dark-
haired beauty as he fucked Lol... till he came off inside him,
too!

Then the storm broke. The whole dorm was out of control. Shorts
and underpants were coming off...shirts torn open... the boys
were rolling about on the beds and tumbling onto the floor,
sucking and fucking each other in a mad orgy. I had to join in! I
threw the riding-whip away, tore the waistband of my breeches
wide open, pulled another boy off the half-naked Lee... and with
one lunge I was in him, up to the hilt. The little
twelve-year-old loins gripped me so tight that I couldn't move.
We rolled over and over on the bed, the boy impaled on my burning
prick. Preston's wet mouth closed over Lee's cock. My hands
reached down and dug themselves into his thick back hair, and
held him. Lee was yelling out with the pain. But his tightly
clenched muscles would not let me go. His body twisted in a great
convulsion as he came off deep inside Preston's throat. Another
boy's cock slipped smoothly between my lips. I caught a glimpse
of half pulled-down sky- blue shorts. It was Gareth!

The next moment, his creamy sperm was flooding into my mouth.
That was enough.My whole body tensed like a spring... and burning
hot cum spurted out of me in spasm after spasm, deep into Lee's
young body. I stayed there, with the boy's muscles hugging me,
until my prick softened and I could pull out of him. For a long
time, I just lay there with little Lee in my arms, almost
oblivious to my surroundings. I was faintly aware that the tumult
around me had died down to little scufflings and laughter. Then I
sat up and looked around.

All was quiet in the big dormitory. The boys were lying around,
some in couples and some alone, their legs spread out in
attitudes of complete abandon. One or two still had their shirts
or vests on, but there wasn't a pair of shorts or underpants left
on among the lot of them. It was time to take matters in hand.

"Get up, boys, all of you", I cried. "We're all going under the
hot shower. That'll make you feel better!".Gareth led the way,
and in a few moments I was splashing about in the shower-room
with them, while the boys soaped each other's bodies... and mine,
too! I noticed what a beautiful body young Robert had. He saw me
looking at him, and smiled back at me with open invitation in his
blue eyes.Yes... I was going to have him next.

We towelled ourselves dry, and the boys trooped back into the
dormitory. I made them all put on their little vests and shorts.
I was still completely naked. I walked slowly round the
dormitory, getting the boys into bed and tucking them up, giving
a boy a tongue-kiss here and slipping my hand down tight moist
shorts there. I left Robert to the last. Then, without a word, I
pulled him out of his bed and led him along to my private room.

Once I had got him inside and the door was closed, I put my hands
on his shoulders and looked hard at him.

"What would you like to do, Robert?", I said, softly. He smiled
back at me with desire in his eyes. "Like to tie me up? Hands
behind the back?", he replied, suiting the action to the word. So
that youngster was into bondage, was he! There were lots of
box-ropes in the cupboard. I turned the boy round and made him
feel the knots go home. I pushed him back onto the bed. Then I
tied Robert's ankles securely to the bedposts. My prick rose up
in a great hard-on. I was all alone with that boy, and I had him
securely bound hand and foot, with his black polyester sports
shorts spread open wide! I went to see what other instruments Mr.
Hemming had left out for me to punish the boys with. There was a
little creamy- white gadget for giving them electric shocks. If
that was safe to use on the boy, well... I would enjoy watching
him writhe in his bonds! I plugged it into the mains, and sat
down on the bed beside him, with the wicked little device in my
hand.

"How about a touch of this, Robert!", I said, smiling down at the
pinioned boy as he lay there. "Do you know how it feels?". "No",
he gasped out, "but I've seen the other kids get it. Try it on
me... Try it now!".

Very slowly and deliberately, I pulled his vest out from under
the elastic waist of his tight black sports shorts, front and
back. I switched the little white applicator on, and began to rub
it against the boy's naked flesh under the vest, caressing his
stomach, round and round his little belly-button, rucking up his
vest as I went along. What an effect it had on that boy! Robert
was bucking and jerking wildly on the bed as the shocks went
coursing through his body. His lips parted, and his breath began
to come in great panting gasps. His cock was stiffening under the
elastic waistband of his shorts. I pulled the vest right up to
his neck, and nudged the machine over one of the boy's stiff
little pink tits, and held it there...

Then, I did the same with the other nipple... Robert was making
little tormented, choking, moaning noises. I began to rub the
device up and down his naked thighs... over the legs of his tight
silky shorts... and then I pressed it in between them, and held
it down on the bulge of his cock. The boy closed his eyes. He was
tossing himself wildly from side to side, and his whole body
broke out in great beads of sweat. Oh... that sweet musky smell
of young boy... I was back again in the changing-room at Eton,
pulling the baggy blue football pants off a young red- haired
boy, rather like him, who had just come in hot from
games!Robert's body jerked even more violently... once... and
then again... and I put my hand there and felt the delicious
wetness seeping through his shorts all over my clutching fingers.

As I did so, a great tingling sensation ran right up my arm, and
pulsed and thrilled through my body. The sight of that boy in his
orgasm, while I felt the shocks I was giving him, was more than
my flesh and blood could stand. Involuntarily, I was jerking
off... and my cum sprayed right into his crotch, soaking the
boy's shorts for the second time! Gently, I untied the knots
which bound his hands and feet. Then I gathered the half-fainting
kid up, just as he was, and got him into bed. I turned out the
lights, slipped in beside him, and held him tight... SO tight! In
a moment, Robert's breathing became soft and regular. The boy was
fast asleep.I pulled his vest down to his waist, but I left his
sopping wet shorts on.They felt all warm and lovely, pressed
close against my prick.

The next morning, I awoke early. Far from being exhausted by the
night's rampages, I felt alert and ready for more games. I got up
without disturbing the sleeping boy beside me, and went back into
the dormitory. The morning sunlight was pouring in through the
big windows, but all the boys were still fast asleep. I looked
down at young Adam, with his dark hair and flushed cheek pressed
against his pillow. Quietly, I got into the boy's bed. Adam
stirred and slowly opened his cornflower-blue eyes. He was in
that delicious state of drowsiness, halfway between sleeping and
waking, when young boys are so often at their sexiest! He
tightened his slender arms around me. I was still completely
naked, and the thin cotton of his white T-shirt felt soft and
smooth against my body. I was now going to get him into the same
state of essential nudity! I slipped my hands into the elastic of
his blue shorts, and began to pull them down over his hips. Yes,
they were tight, but soon I had got them down to his knees.
Suddenly the boy lurched, drew up one leg, got his foot inside
his pants and kicked them down to the bottom of the bed. The
narrow mattress creaked under his wriggling body, and all the
bedclothes began to come off.

The scuffling noise we were making woke up Lol, and another
little boy called Nicky, who were sleeping on either side of him.
They sat up in bed in their white short-sleeved vests, watching
us. I looked round at them both, and smiled. Then I got on top of
Adam, pulled his white vest up over his shoulders, and began to
suck him off. The last of the bedclothes slipped away. I turned
the boy's slim hips over to make him lie on his face. He rested
his head on his hands,waiting... I hadn't got the KY, but my
prick was drooling with its morning erection, and Adam was
fourteen! I jabbed it hard into his body. At once the boy gave
way... and I was plunging up and down, up and down, inside his
throbbing boy-cunt. In less than a minute, the sperm came
flooding out of me, deep down in him... and the boy came too, all
over the white sheet. Then I told all the boys to get up and get
dressed. I lay back on Adam's bed, lazily watching them pulling
up their little grey shorts and tying their ties. I took them
downstairs to breakfast. Mr. Hemming was there to greet me. Over
a hearty meal, he explained that the boys had their lessons in
the morning. These always included an hour in the gym.

"Take your cane",he said, chuckling. "I expect you'll find an
excuse to use it". He turned round to Gareth. "You're a
prefect... but you still get beaten quite often,don't you!".

"Yes...", the boy murmured, wriggling his little bottom about in
his chair as if he could feel the cane coming down on him.

