For all Chris liked Wilson being with other men at the club and at Linus's parties, Chris had also found he really didn't like thinking about Wilson being with House. He wasn't even sure he could explain why. After all, Chris completely accepted that House was to Wilson what Edward had been to him; the one, with a strong bond that had stood up to the various tests of time. But that didn't mean he wanted to think about it too much.

He had it brutally brought home to him by accident one day.

He hadn't been going to drop by Princeton this week, as Wilson had warned him that House was having his apartment redecorated ("He finally realized his shabby chic had lost its chic. Um, not that he'd explain it like that,") and was consequently staying with Wilson for a week while the decorators toiled and the paint dried. But Chris had left Rutgers very late in the day for various reasons, turned his motorcycle towards Princeton out of sheer force of habit, and found himself halfway there before he remembered he wasn't supposed to be going there. Later he wondered why he hadn't thought to call ahead and warn Wilson that he was coming to visit after all; but he hadn't. He'd just decided wearily that as he was now on his way, he might as well go see Wilson after all.

So it was all his own stupid fault when the inevitable happened.

He'd had a key to Wilson's apartment for some time now, and didn't bother to knock. He walked in the door, and immediately heard a sexual moan from the direction of the bedroom. He walked in the bedroom, and stopped. House and Wilson were in bed together, naked, fucking. House was on his back, Wilson perched above, facing House, gripping the headboard. House had his cock a long way up Wilson's ass, and he was gripping and rolling Wilson's own cock backwards and forwards with one long bony hand.

Yet somehow Chris barely noticed any of that initially. He could see House's bad leg, stretched out to one side. He'd never seen it before. An enormous ugly black scar arched up his thigh, showing up vividly against the white bed sheets. Fucking hell. Chris simply hadn't thought before about what House's crippled leg might look like, might feel like. He'd just thought, so he limps, like I did that time I broke my ankle... Now Chris realized this was a whole different ball game. How the hell could House even walk with a leg like that? How could he think about anything, hold down a job, manage to have sex even, with a leg like that?

That House was managing the last of these was indubitable. Chris's attention moved away from House's leg and towards House and Wilson, panting, thrusting, eyes closed and concentrating so hard on each other that they hadn't heard him come in. Suddenly Chris didn't want to be seen; he sank slowly down on his heels and sat back against the wall, not hidden but low down enough so they were unlikely to spot him if they opened their eyes.

Why didn't he want to be seen? Why didn't he want to join in, or watch? He had an erection, sure, that was virtually an automatic reaction to seeing other people have sex... but he didn't actually feel turned on by it. Why not? Hell, he'd seen Wilson in a similar position with Linus just last week and could barely wait for Linus to pull out so he could get in there. But that had been different... just sex, just physical attraction being acted on. This... was his Wilson emotionally connected to someone else. Which of course he knew, he'd always known, but hadn't actually seen demonstrated like this before, with sweat and shuddering and small moans of "House, God yes, House," as a backdrop.

Suddenly a wholly new emotion struck Chris sharply round the face, did a twirl, and came back and punched him in the stomach, leaving him gasping. He was jealous.

The jealousy rose up in his gut like bile and clogged up his veins and arteries until he thought there was no blood flow left. He watched, unable to look away, and saw House come, right up inside Wilson, and then Wilson come all over House's chest. He saw it all through a haze; he heard House's sharp orgasmic cry only faintly, as if underwater.

Wilson collapsed on the bed next to House, face down, and lay still. Chris felt nausea rising, and decided he had to get out of here, fast. He pulled himself across the floor and out of the door. Once out, he scrambled to his feet and glanced back briefly, only to see a beady blue eye looking back at him. House had seen him. Goddamnit. Not Wilson, though; actually, it looked like Wilson had clean passed out immediately after his climax.

Chris stumbled to the bathroom and retched. It was mostly just bile; he hadn't had anything to eat for hours. Perhaps that was part of the problem. He stopped after a minute, and sank back to sit on the bathroom floor, feeling numb and weak.

A short while later, he heard a sound and looked up through bleary eyes to see House standing leaning against the doorway. House was now clad now in a bath robe which covered his leg. He looked contemplative. Chris mentally groaned. Great, just what he needed right now.

"I thought you enjoyed watching Wilson have sex with other men," House remarked.

Chris choked on nothing more than his own saliva and had a coughing fit.

House's jaw dropped and he said incredulously, "You mean that's true?"

"Fuck off." Chris found his hands were trembling. He realized what he wanted more than anything right now was a cigarette. Chris had spent his entire life in various stages of giving up smoking, assisted for long periods by the fact that Edward hated it, although he had virtually mainlined nicotine in the period after Edward's death. As Wilson hated smoking too (the whole cancer thing, of course), he'd managed to give up again recently, and consequently knew he didn't have any cigarettes on him. He also knew that House was an occasional smoker.

"House," Chris said, desperation forcing him to ask a favor. "Have you got a cigarette, by any chance?"

"No." House looked down at Chris's hands. Suddenly he brightened. "I know what Wilson's got hidden in his briefcase, though. Hold on."

House vanished, and re-appeared a moment later with his pill bottle, a cheap plastic lighter and a neatly rolled joint.

"Medicinal. For his patients," House explained, dropping both the lighter and the joint into Chris's lap. House then leaned against the wall and slithered down it to sit down on the floor opposite Chris. He opened his pill bottle, shook out a couple of pills, and swallowed them.

Chris lit the joint, and inhaled gratefully. A couple of drags later, he felt much calmer. House reached out a hand and snapped his fingers together impatiently; Chris handed it to him and watched House take a drag. Chris decided if he stopped to think about how surreal it was to be sitting on Wilson's bathroom floor sharing a joint with House, his brain might explode.

A short while later Chris felt much better and was wondering what to do, when House unexpectedly spoke.

"The other men thing," he said, waving the joint in the air. "I was just guessing. Based on what happened ten years ago. And the fact that anyone who runs a string of gay bars and clubs must be at least a bit of a pervert."

House's tone was droll rather than insulting, so Chris took it in the same spirit and shrugged.

"Wilson doesn't actually talk to me about your sex life," House added, and handed the joint back to Chris.

"No sweat." Chris replied, and took another drag. "He doesn't talk to me about yours either." He aimed for ironic. "I'm guessing you're fucking."

House shrugged back, and said, "Not as often as you might think."

Really. Chris's eye fell on House's pill bottle, now sitting on the floor next to House. Chris had googled Vicodin, read that it decreased the sex drive. And add to that constant chronic pain—now he'd seen House's leg, Chris had started to realized just how bad that pain might be. Perhaps this was why House's girlfriend had upped and left him. Perhaps this was why Wilson was with himself, albeit on the timeshare basis.

House added, "He wants to have his cake and eat it."

Chris smiled wryly. "And he seems to be managing that just fine, don't you think?" He handed the remainder of the joint back to House, stood up, and said, "I'm going home."

"It's the middle of the night," House protested.

"Roads'll be clear. I'll be back in no time." Chris stretched his arms above his head. "Tell Wilson I was here, and I'll call him tomorrow."

House drew deeply on the joint, and said, "He'll think I drove you away."

Chris couldn't help but laugh, and as he walked out of the bathroom he said over his shoulder, "House, you are driving me away."