Stripping Gisele
By HeadPE

This happened at my Cousin Sam's house a few weeks ago. He had Gisele his other cousin over for a weekend visit. She has blond shoulder length hair and is a real knock out. She's sort of a Jessica Alba look a-like with an amazing ass. All she kept talking about was how she had any boy at school she wanted wrapped around her finger. Hot but kind of annoying too, yes. 

Well to my surprise Sam's parents and ours left for the day leaving us with Gisele on our own. At first I could tell Sam was as thrilled as I was about being stuck with her. She was annoying but shortly after our parents left she came out all dolled up looking super hot in cotton shorts all rolled up at the waist showing off a lot of hip, extra make-up and eye liner, and her hair tied in pigtails. My eyes almost popped out my head looking at her round butt and snug shirt hugging her round boobs. 

We started playing Wii sport and jumping around a lot. She got hot and tied her shirt up showing off her sexy bare tummy trying to cool off a bit. Every time she jumped up or bent over we could see hints of her gorgeous cheeks peeking out from under her short shorts. She had a white thong on. With her shirt tied the way it was we could see a lot of cleavage and a sexy white bra underneath too. Watching her showing off, me and Sam started trading looks. I could tell he was thinking the same thing I was... boner city! 

Next time she was up playing I snuck up behind her real close without her knowing. Then when she least expected it I reached in and ripped her shorts down all the way to her ankles exposing her hot amazing little thonged ass. She jumped in total surprise then turned around trying to slap me but I ran away. She pulled her shorts back up and we all laughed about it after and went back to playing. 

We waited a while and next time she was up again Sam snuck up behind her. It took a long time because she was suspicious now. Waiting for the perfect moment he reached in grabbed her shorts and pulled them down again, but this time he managed to hook his fingers under her thong and pulled that down along with it! Her gorgeous rear end was bared in all its glory, as well as her bare and very well trimmed pussy! Seeing her screech and jump up all startled with her amazing bottom jiggling and her bare pussy exposed was absolutely priceless. Bending over quickly flashing hints of her pussy and butt hole she hastily pulled her shorts and thong up again cursing at Sam. Mad she charged at Sam but he took off running before she could hit him. Mad, she then charged at me because I was laughing about it too. I ran off too fearing she'd kick me in the balls or something. 

Once her back was to Sam though he ran up to her again grabbing the waistband of her shorts quickly pulling them and her thong all the way down to the floor again! This time though he stepped on her shorts pinning them to the floor so she could not pull them back up! Screaming super load she tried to pull them up but as she did Sam pushed her making her fall forward all bottomless and embarrassed. He took her short and panties away and would not give them back. Humiliated she knelt on the floor totally depantsed covering her pussy with both hands looking very embarrassed. She screamed at Sam demanding her pants back but all he did was hold them in the air taunting her daring her to come get them. 

Once she did get up she tried to run away cupping her pussy and butt with her hands but we would not let her leave the room. Every time she tried we'd pull her hands away so we could see her hot bare pussy. She finally got so frustrated she tried to grab her shorts back from Sam while still covering her puss with her other hand. Taunting her Sam held her short up high making her jump up trying to snatch them back with her bare butt jiggling obscenely. Every time she got close to grabbing them he'd toss the over her head to me. We played keep away with her for a good while, not letting her leave, and continuing to pull her hands away till she got so frustrated she tried to kick Sam in the shin. She made good contact sending Sam to him knees writhing in pain. She grabbed her shorts and started to run away so I tried to stop her. She kicked me in the shin too leaving me winching in pain too. We both chased after her and she tried to slam the bedroom door on us but it didn't work. We pushed the door open and she screamed as we tackled her all half naked still as she had not even gotten a chance to pull her shorts back on. 

We pulled her over on the bed and took turns holding her down and spanking her hot little cheeks. We spread her ass cheeks wide apart obscenely stretching out her anus and pussy from behind looking right into her pink pussy and open ass. I got a huge stiff boner in my pants and from what I could see so did Sam. We kept spanking her ordering her to apologize for kicking us in the shins but she refused. We said ok then we are going to pull your shirt off too and then spank and tickle you till you do! She screamed, "Oh my God you better not!" but it was too late. Sam pulled her arms above her head and I sat on her hips and pulled her shirt up till her bare tits popped out and we pulled her shirt over her head stripping her totally naked. We pinched her nipples and played with her soft round boobs till I was ready to cream in my jeans. Still refusing to apologize we tickled her stark naked body all over till she was screaming and twisting breathlessly begging us to stop. We held her down and tickled the outside of her pussy and squeezed her boobs till she got all hot and wet. She finally apologized begging us to stop tickling her or she was going to pee herself. We thought that was funny so we tickled her even harder pulling her legs apart saying we wanted to see her pee all over herself. 

We tickled and poked her sides and inner thighs till she yelled, "Nooooo!" then started bucking up and down grunting and breathing funny. Her pussy got super wet and spurted a little but it wasn't really pee, more like she came right there in front of us! We laughed at her watching her pussy cum as we held her naked and humiliated on the bed. I took my cell phone out and started taking pictures which made her freak! She tried to cover and get away but we had her pinned down good. Sam said we’d delete the pictures on if she sucked our dicks. He undid his pants and took his hard shaft out but she refused to do that so he just started humping and rubbing his hard wiener all over her face and lips. We held her down but she didn't really fight back that hard kind of letting us do what we wanted to her now. I joined in and we both rubbed our stiff boners all over her naked body. Sam rubbed his cock all over her face stll refusing to open her mouth as I rubbed mine all over her hot wet ass till I could not control myself anymore. Pushing her cheeks apart I shot a huge load of hot goo all over her ass cheeks and in her ass pit. Shortly after that Sam came all over her face and in her hair. She complained that he had gotten in all in her hair but he just told her to shut up since she had wet her self all over his sheets. 

We let her go and after she said she wanted my cell to make sure the pictures got deleted. I refused, and we proceeded to taunt her about it for the next 5 hours till our folks came home. By the time they eventually did it was really late so they said they'd be spending the night. Gisele was given Sam's bedroom and they told us to sleep out in the den. 

Later after everyone was asleep we snuck into Sam's bedroom where Gisele was sleeping and told her we'd only let her delete the pictures if she got butt naked again and got on her knees and sucked us both off. Eventually she gave in and did it saying that we'd better not ever tell anyone about this! We made her get on her knees right in front of the closet door mirror so we could see her hot little ass she licked and sucked our dicks and eventually gagged on 2 large loads of cum. She had cum dripping all over her face and tits when we were done with her. 

The next morning she was so embarrassed she could not even look us in the eye but deep down inside I know she liked it. 
Saturday, May 2nd 2009 - 04:03:28 PM