Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Thirty-Four: Deflowering the Twin Virgin Maids
Summary: Kylie recruits twin virgins for her big brother's harem!
Keyword: ffff mff mc inc oral facial creampie 1st super

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother.  
Chastity Hayward: Lance's third daughter with his mother.
Delilah Hayward: Lance's fourth daughter with his mother.
Rose Hayward: Lance's sixth daughter with his mother.
Serena Hayward: Lance's fifth daughter with his mother.
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 
Zelda Hayward: Lance's seventh daughter with his mother.

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Heather Goldsmith: Daughter of the jewelry shop owner.
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Yuki Hanada: Shrine Maiden at the Tsukuyomi Shrine on Sanuki Island in mountains
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Esmerelda Jimenez: Pilot, Aeronautical Engineer
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Carmen Black: Pilot
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Janet Varsity: Pilot
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Dalia Smythe: Wedding planner
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Lily Myers: Pilot
Mrs. Kenning: Mother to Opal
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

The Demon-Maid  Black Garter
The Seductress: An imprisoned in the flesh.

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Cherry Milton: Twin to Sherry
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Dara Bigsby: Pilot
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Estella Rayne: Pilot
Iris Devim: Pilot
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Melissa Stevens: Member of the Sigma Lambda Tau sorority.
Ming Hu: Chinese college student with a masters in mathematics going for Ph.D.
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Goldsmith: Won of the men who owns Goldsmith & Sons Jewelry.
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Principal Murphy: Principal of Franklin High School.
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sherry Milton: Twin to Cherry
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Stalker
The Tempest
The Twin
The Warmth
The Weeper
The Woods

The Unbound

The Huntsmen
The Queen

Kylie Hayward

So they're really going to be twins? Zelda asked as we climbed out of our Uber.

Yeah, I said, stretching. It took three hours to drive here from Hayward Manor. I yawned as I extended my arms high over my head, my mouth parched and my bladder full. To find my virgin twins, we had to drive all the way way to Franklin High School to look at a pair of fourteen-year-old twins. Let's just pray they're virgins.

I'm sure they will be, big sis! Zelda said, a big smile on her face. She was a petite thing like me. My newest sister was born in the middle of the night. But she was fully grown and mature to fourteen. She was a cute thing, like me. Small boobs and black hair, but she had brown eyes instead of blue. She was dressed like me in a maid's uniform, of course, but she had a bronze garter on instead of my special pink ones.

I had asked Asuka to find me a pair of virgin twins, and she had written some program that crawled over social media. I had found the Milton Twins, Cherry and Sherry, on Instagram. They were supposed to be good girls. They weren't posting salacious pictures of themselves.

So I hoped that they were good girls who were virgins because it took three hours to get out here.

Three!

My new little sister and I darted inside. After a pit stop at the drinking fountains and the bathrooms, we were heading to the principal's office. We marched through the halls like we owned the place, our skirts swirling.

This is so different from the high school mom went to, said Zelda, looking around. The lockers all different colors, and the office was by the front door.

This isn't her high school, I said. She went to... I wasn't actually sure.

Zelda smiled. I know, but I only have her memories. I wasn't sure if all high schools are the same. Now I know! She leaned in. Did you know that she got caught making out with her first boyfriend in the chemistry lab?

I blinked. What? And it wasn't with Dad.

He wasn't her first boyfriend. Zelda skipped for a few moments. But they just kissed. And he wasn't as good a kisser as Grandpa turned out to be.

Dad was a good kisser? I smiled at that. Of course he was. He was a Hayward, not some dumbass dweeb.

Zelda nodded in agreement. She was a good kid sister. I liked her. I was glad I brought her along on this adventure. We rounded the corner and reached the administration office. I opened the door and looked right at the secretary, a woman with brown hair that was too... brown. She dyed it. Probably because she went gray given her age. She peered at us through these big glasses that had ruby rims.

We need to see the principal, I said. Hayward Manor business.

Of course, the secretary said. Just down the hall.

I smiled. Ooh, those three words are the real magic words.

I thought the magic word was please, said Zelda. Mom's mom always used to yell at her for not saying it. 'What's the magic word, Maria,' Grandma would say. And don't get me started on how she yelled at Aunt Nancy!

I giggled. I can only imagine all the problems that Aunt Nancy caused for Grandma. I reached the door marked principal. I threw it open and said, We are here on Hayward Manor business! Bring Cherry and Sherry Milton here right now! We have to talk about an exciting opportunity!

So exciting, said Zelda. She held my cedar box with the last of my garters in them.

The man behind the desk was rotund and balding. He blinked at the interruption and snagged his glasses off the desk. He peered at us and stammered, The, uh, the Milton twins.

Right now! I snapped. Hayward Manor business. Get off your fat ass and go fetch them. I clapped my hands together. Go, go, now!

He stood and waddled past his desk. He squeezed by us and shot out the door, racing down the hallways. I giggled and hopped up on his desk, crossing my legs. Zelda set the box down beside me and giggled.

That was so neat, she said. You sounded like Aunt Nancy.

I grinned. It was a lot of fun. Ooh, we could do anything if we say we're on Hayward Manor business. There's magic in those words. Like we could get free ice cream from Coldstone.

We can't abuse it, said Zelda. She smiled. Mom used to take you and Daddy to Coldstone when you had good grades on your report cards. You didn't get it as often as Daddy did.

I scowled. It's really annoying that you have Mom's memories. Though... Did she know I broke the vase?

Yep! You didn't fool her one bit! She saw through all your lies.

I really sighed. But they were so good.

She grinned at me. This was becoming such an annoying day. Now I wished I hadn't brought Zelda along. Do a favor for my youngest sister (though Mom was pregnant with daughter number eight), and that was how she repaid me. So ungrateful.

A panting principal returned with the two freshmen twins. Cherry and Sherry Milton were identical to each other. I wasn't even sure which one was which. They both had hazel eyes and round faces with black hair, though one wore hers long in a braid and the other had hers short in a bob. They wore different outfits, one in jeans and a blue crop top, the other in a pink dress with no sleeves. 

Okay, I said to them. Which one of you is Cherry?

That's me, the one in the pink dress and the braid of hair. Hi! 

I'm Sherry! the one in the jeans and with the bob of hair said. She had the same peppy tone as her sister. So great to meet you. That's a nifty outfit! I don't think that meets the dress code.

We're from Hayward Manor, Zelda said. This is what we wear.

Oh, that makes sense, said Cherry, nodding. What can we do for two maids of Hayward Manor? Principal Murphy didn't say much. He just told us to come along.

Are you to virgins? I asked, staring at the twins. 

They glanced at each other and squirmed. Um, what does it take to stop being a virgin?

Do you have intact hymens? I asked. And tell me you haven't sucked off a boy.

Eww, gross, said Sherry. Of course not. We just... Um...

You can say anything you want here, I said, opening the box with the garters. What have you two done.

Um, we might, uh, masturbate together, said Cherry, her cheeks going red as she stared at the garter. And sometimes we...

We rub each other's clits, said Sherry, her eyes going unfocused. Those are pretty. Are they for us?

Maybe, I said. Get naked. I have to do a virginity check! Principal guy, scram. Hayward Manor business.

The fat-ass principal excused himself as the two fourteen-year-old twins stripped naked. I thought it was so hot that they were doing some twincestuous things. It was so hot. They would be doing more than just rubbing each other's pussies. Just let their hymens be intact. They had to be intact. 

My big brother deserved twins. 

Sherry popped off her blouse. She had round tits held in a pink bra. It was cute with a light hue of fabric that covered her boobs. Her sister unzipped her dress. She wore a pink bra, too. A matching bra. She shoved off her white tights to reveal a pink pair of panties that were so cute.

Sherry had the same pair beneath her jeans. They were both stepping out of tights and pants. They glanced at each other and blushed. It was synchronized stripping now. They reached behind each other and unhooked their bras.

I groaned as those came off.

Ooh, so cute, Zelda said as a pair of identical, round boobies appeared. They both had pink nipples surrounded by little areolas. 

So cute, I agreed. The Milton twins were really working out. I was thrilled about that. 

Once more, the twins moved in unison as they shoved off their panties. Sherry had a landing strip leading to her pussy while Cherry had a triangle. They both wiggled their hips and worked them off together, their round boobs jiggling. 

I hopped off the desk and thrust out my hands. I slid them between her thighs and up to their pussies. They were both wet, a sweet smell rippling through the air. Whimpering, they both shuddered as I cupped their pussies. My fingers slid up and down their tight slits. I pushed into their folds and found... barriers. Hymens.

You're virgins! I gasped and turned around. I grabbed both of the garters out of the box. I turned around and dropped to my knees. Welcome to the harem! You're both Virgin-Maids of Hayward Manor!

That's so wonderful! the twins said together and lifted their left legs in unison.

I slipped a garter on both of them at the same time, crossing their dainty feet, sliding up their cute calves, and past their dimpled knees. I pushed the white garters up and up their thighs until they were snug around their legs. 

They were both members of the harem now. I glanced at Zelda who dropped to her knees beside me. She was before Cherry. I was before Sherry. We stared up at the two twins. They held hands and smiled at each other.

Zelda and I buried our faces into Cherry and Sherry's virgin pussies. The sweetness of Sherry soaked through my lips as I kissed at her snatch. I smooched up and down her slit and around her plump vulva.

I licked her.

Oh, yes, Cherry and Sherry moaned together. The two twins quivered, their round boobs jiggling.

Yummy, Zelda said. This is the first pussy I've ever gotten to lick. I mean, Mom remembers licking our sisters' virgin pussies before Master-Daddy deflowered them.

Right, right, I moaned and licked at Sherry's snatch again.

I swept my tongue through those delicious folds. I flicked my tongue through them, lapping and licking at her snatch. It was so much fun to flick my tongue through her folds. I devoured her with passion, savoring how she trembled on me.

Her round boobs shuddered as I stroked over her hymen and brushed her clit. She gasped, throwing back her head and quivering in delight. It was so much fun to give her pleasure like this. I was so glad to do it.

I suckled on her. I nibbled on her clit. It was a lot of fun to nurse on her bud. She whimpered as I did this. I licked and lapped at her with such force. I stroked my tongue around her pearl. I suckled on her as she whimpered.

Yes! both twins moaned.

So good, whimpered Zelda.

Yes, yes, so delicious! I moaned. Our Master is going to love you!

I never wanted to be with a man, but now... Cherry shivered. I want Master to fuck me!

Yes! Sherry moaned and turned her head. She kissed her twin. Their mirror-imaged faces melted together. They kissed each other with such passion as Zelda and I ate their pussies.

I stroked my tongue over all that hot flesh. I licked and lapped at Sherry's twat, her sweet cream dribbling down my chin. I brushed her clit again. It was so hot to lap at her with passion like this. She trembled, her moans echoing through the room.

My tongue danced around her clit. I stroked her bud and suckled on her. She whimpered into her kiss with her twin sister. Cherry trembled, too. She grabbed the back of Zelda's head, holding my little sister to her pussy.

This was so much fun.

I was so glad that my sister and I were each tonguing a virgin's twats. My tongue flicked through her folds. I lapped at her with all that I had. I wanted to make her cum so hard. My tongue stroked over her naughty bits. She whimpered.

I suckled on her clit. Zelda did the same to Cherry. We drove the two twins wild. They kissed each other with passion as they trembled there. Their moans filled the office. My pussy clenched, my juices dripping down my thighs. 

This was so hot. So wild.

The two twins broke their kiss and gasped out, Yes!

They climaxed together.

A flood of sweet, virginal juices gushed out of Sherry's cunt and drenched my lips. I licked and lapped them up. I stroked my tongue through her folds and gathered up the flood. I drowned in her cherry passion.

They both trembled through their orgasms. I drank the cream from Sherry. She gripped Cherry's hand. They were both so beautiful as they swayed through their rapture. I was so glad that I had recruited them to the harem.

This was so perfect. Master-Big Bro would be so thrilled with them. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Mom was already showing with our eighth daughter when Cali appeared. Your sister and daughter are returning with two maids.

Two, I said. Damn, they left... I glanced at the cloak. It was just after three in the afternoon. What, seven hours ago? Where did they go?

I have no idea, Master. I just know that she has recruited her last two maids. Her cedar box has returned to the Hay.

That was two full groups of maids. Bella had been first with her wedding planner yesterday. She had brought back Dalia. Bella, Rose, Bella's mom, and Dalia had all left to go buy supplies and make more choices for the wedding.

All the maids were a buzz with it. 

I headed down the stairs with Cali, passing the cleaning maids. The mansion was so alive right now. We ate in the dining hall instead of in the safe sectors of the mansion. When the sun set, we didn't have to immediately hide behind the seals. We could move about the manor. Maids were even patrolling the hallways at night, in groups of four, of course.

The Imprisoned were contained. We were past the transition phase, which was the most dangerous, according to Cali.

Things were going great.

We stepped out on the porch to see a red SUV pulling up. Kylie was too young to have her driver's license, so she used Ubers and other ride-share vehicles to get around. She hopped out first, stretching like she had just been in the car for a while. Zelda, my youngest Daughter-Maid followed.

Then came two naked girls that would be identical save for one had a cute bob of black hair and the other in a long braid. They both had round boobs and shaved twats. They wore the same smile, eager to meet me. My cock throbbed.

Twin virgin maids? I asked my sister.

I know, I'm awesome, said Kylie. This is Cherry and that's Sherry. She pointed to the one with braids first. Two twins with two cherries for you to pop!

We're so eager to be deflowered by you, Master Lance, Sherry said as she rushed up to me with her sister. They dropped to their knees before me.

So eager, Master, Cherry moaned, her braid of black hair spilling down her back toward her rump. We both were into girls

Into each other, really, Sherry cut in. 

So we've never done anything with boys, Cherry said. Just each other. But we want to do things with you, Master Lance! Can we.. can we suck your big dick?

I grinned. Lesbian virgin twin maids? Suck away! I glanced at Kylie as the two maids squealed. You really outdid yourself!

My little sister grinned. I am a Hayward, too. I know what we need. Got to have the right girls to save the world! Now you two, take turns sucking on his dick. I am starving. Let's find something to eat, Zelda!

Kitchen raid! Zelda squealed and darted into the manor with Kylie on her heels. They were too much alike.

The two twins kissed at the tip of my cock. I shuddered at the feel of their hot lips nibbling on me. It was so wild having them do that. They smooched at the sides of my dick. Pleasure rippled through me at the softness of their lips.

I slid my hand through their black hair. Cherry had hers pulled back tight thanks to her braid while Sherry's was loose. I gripped a fistful of her hair as her tongue danced around the crown of my cock. She brushed Cherry's, the pair almost kissing each other.

Yes, yes, you two are going to fit right in here at Hayward Manor, I groaned, savoring the way their tongues danced over my cock. They teased me. It was so hot having them do that. Just fit right in!

They both smiled up at me. They were so damned cute. Round faces and hazel eyes with dimples in their cheeks.

Cherry slid her lips over my cock first. I groaned as she did that. It was incredible feeling her working her mouth down my dick. It was her first time giving a guy head. I groaned at the feel of her mouth suckling on me.

I groaned at how great it felt having Cherry suckle on me. I stroked over the top of her head, savoring the passion of the virgin blowing me. My nuts twitched as she did that. She worked her lips up and down my cock.

She suckled on me with passion while Sherry watched on in awe. Cherry, the other twin moaned. You're really sucking on him.

Cherry popped her mouth off my cock and moaned, It's so much fun! Do it, Sherry!

Sherry flashed me a quick and nervous grin before she swallowed my cock. She devoured it. my nuts twitched from the warmth of her mouth. She suckled on me, her tongue dancing over my crown. I groaned in delight. It was such a delight.

Cherry licked her lips as she watched her twin sister bobbing her head. Sherry suckled on me with passion. I groaned, loving every second of the virgin blowing me. It was so wonderful having new maids join the harem.

I enjoyed having so many beauties in my harem. I wanted as many as possible. I wanted them all. That would be outstanding. I loved the way her mouth worked up and down my cock. She suckled with passion on my dick.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, savoring that hot mouth working up and down my dick. Shit, that's so good. That's amazing.

You're doing great, Sherry! Cherry said. But I have to suck on him, too! Let's share!

Sherry popped her mouth off my cock and moaned, Yes, yes, your turn, Cherry!

I loved it. Cherry took my cock now in her warm mouth. It was fantastic having the twins share me. Cherry's tongue danced around the crown of my cock. She drove me wild with that licking and sucking It was just fantastic having her doing that. A shuddered, my face twisting in delight.

It was absolutely amazing having her bobbing her head. She suckled and slurped on me. She nursed with all her might on my dick, my nuts tightening. It was amazing having her dance her tongue around my cock.

Shit, shit, shit, I moaned. Oh, that's so good. You're going to make me cum!

Yes, yes, let's make him cum! Sherry moaned.

Cherry popped her delicious mouth off my cock and whimpered, I want you to cum, Master Lance!

On your faces? I asked as Sherry swallowed my dick and suckled on me.

Yes, Master! Cherry whimpered. Whatever you want to do to us is A-OK!

I groaned at the warmth of that hot mouth sliding over my dick. It was amazing having her suckling on me like that. She swirled her tongue around my cock, stroking me with passion. It was wondrous. My nuts twitched. They throbbed.

Sherry's sucking brought me closer and closer to that wonderful moment when I would paint the twins' faces in cum. I couldn't wait to shower them in spunk. It would be perfect. Sherry suckled hard before she passed me to Cherry.

She nursed on me with such passion. She swirled her tongue around my crown before Sherry took over. The twins passed my dick back and forth. I loved them suckling on me like that. They all brought me closer and closer to spurting my cum onto their faces.

Shit, I groaned.

Master Lance! Cherry moaned while Sherry suckled on my dick.

Cum on our faces, Master Lance, Sherry whimpered while Cherry nursed on my cock.

They were so sexy. So hot. Kylie knew what she was doing. I savored the hunger of those mouths suckling at my dick. My dick twitched as they both loved me. I came closer and closer to that amazing bursting point.

My nuts tightened as the twins loved me. Their warm mouths and naughty tongues stoked the pressure building at the tip of my dick. I groaned, sliding my hands over their heads as they traded me back and forth.

As Sherry suckled on me, I hit the breaking point, Stop! I growled. I'm going to cum!

Sherry ripped her mouth off my cock and gasped, Cum on our faces, Master Lance!

Please, please cum on us! whimpered Cherry, her hand flying up and down my cock. She stroked over the crown. Please, Master!

I erupted.

My cum splashed across their identical faces. Pleasure swept through me. Stars flashed across my vision I groaned, the rapture sweeping through me. Ecstasy slammed into my mind as I erupted over and over again.

They both opened their mouths wide and caught my jizz on their pink tongues. My dick erupted over and over again. It was just such a hot moment. Just a wild delight. Pleasure slammed into my mind. I groaned at how great it felt to have all that rapture crashing into my mind.

Master Lance! the twins moaned as I bathed them.

I soaked them in my jizz. I hosed them down with all my spunk. The pleasure slammed through me with each eruption. I loved this bliss so much. It was perfect. I drenched their faces in my jizz. My cum dripped down onto their round boobs.

Fuck, I breathed as I erupted one last time on their faces.

They turned and kissed each other, cum spilling down their faces. To their lips. They whimpered, sharing my cum with each other. It was just fantastic to watch. My dick was so hard. I couldn't wait to pop their cherries.

What rooms did you assign them? I asked Cali who watched from the porch.

Room 20, she said. They lucked out and get to share a room.

Sherry and Cherry, come with me, I said and turned around, marching into the manor.

Yes, Master Lance! they both squealed. They followed me inside. 

Alisha was polishing the frame of the Hagazim's painting, the foul dog-thing that had almost killed Ms. Docea that second night here in the manor. Alisha flashed me a smile, her dusky cheeks dimpling. She wore an orange garter. A Slut-Maid.

The grand staircase rose to the third floor. Sister Martha Ruth was coming down, wearing her nun's wimple and veil along with her maid's uniform. She had a cleaning pale in her hand. She smiled at me as I passed.

Oh, what sweet, new maids, she said. I see you marked them, Master Hayward.

I couldn't resist jizzing on their faces, I said. Twins.

Mmm, I have heard men have a weakness for cute twins, she said. Sins take root in a man's balls and need release.

You would know. I slapped her rump. I released a lot of sin into your pussy the other night.

You did, she said. I might bear fruit from that encounter. I am in the middle of my cycle.
I grinned at my Maid-Nun. It was exciting thinking I might have bred her, my dick throbbing hard. I reached the top of the stairs with a pep to my step and went right toward the living area. I passed the Gizzamuluke's painting.

His eyes watched me. I ignored him.

Master, the virgins gasped. The art here is awful.

Yep, I said. And that's why I need you to keep them clean and safe. But we can cover that later. This section of the hallway was lined with the maids' quarters. I reached door 20 pretty fast. Almost all the rooms were filled up by now. Twenty-five of them. I opened the door, the seal on the inside to keep them safe at night. Here you go! Your room.

There was a bed in the center with closets on either side full of maid's uniforms that would fit them both perfectly. Cali's magic made them somehow. There were three other doors. They connected to the maid's rooms on either side and the servant hallway that led to the break from and the living area. 

They could move around freely through the safe parts of the manor house without having to risk going out their door. It was a smart design one of my ancestors had. I was glad that they didn't have to remain huddled in their rooms at night if they weren't on patrol. They could visit other maids. Make love. Or just hang out in the rec room playing video games or watching movies.

Kylie was organizing a Super Brothers Smash tournament. 

I fell on the bed, my cock hard. I want one of you to sit on my dick, and the other to sit on my face.

The two maids, dripping in cum, glanced at each other. They were both so cute. Cherry stepped forward a moment later and said, I'm the oldest by seven minutes! I'll go first!

Seven minutes, Sherry lamented. She never lets me forget. Seven measly minutes. It was just dumb luck you were first!

I wanted it more! Cherry crawled onto the bed, her round boobs jiggling. She had a triangular patch of black hair on her pubic mound pointing at her virgin pussy. Mmm, I'm going to sit on your cock, Master!

Sounds perfect, I said as she straddled me. I'm going to eat you out, Sherry. But don't worry, I have a special treat for you, too.

More than you eating my pussy? asked Sherry as she scrambled onto the bed, her bob of black hair matted with my jizz.

I wicked at her before she straddled me. Her sweet aroma filled my nose before her virgin pussy planted right on my face. I licked at her virgin twat. She squealed in delight as I stroked from her clit to taint while her twin...

Her twin pressed my dick against her virgin twat. Right on her hymen. She pushed down on it. I groaned, loving the feel of her hymen stretching and stretching before me. She whimpered, pushing down harder and harder until...

Her cherry popped.

Master! Cherry gasped as her deflowered pussy plunged down my cock. Oh, yes, Master Lance!

Cherry, Sherry breathed as she squirmed her shaved pussy around on my face, soaking me in her sweet juices. You did it! You popped your cherry!

Yes! whimpered Cherry. Oh, Master Lance, you're so big. You have such a big lance!

She clamped her cunt down around my cock. I loved the feel of her doing that. It was so hot having her squeezing around me. She then slid her pussy up my cock. It was outstanding to feel her doing that. She massaged me with her hot flesh.

I groaned at how delightful that felt. She reached my peak and plunged her hot and tight snatch back down my dick. I groaned into her twin's pussy. I lapped at her virgin folds as that delicious cunt rode me. 

Cherry moaned as she slid her cunt up and down my cock. She massaged me with her once-pure flesh. I loved the feel of her around me. It was perfect having all that pleasure about my dick. She massaged me with her snatch. She gripped me with that wonderful cunt. I loved how she wiggled her hips around me.

Yes, I groaned. Oh, damn, yes, that's good.

It is, Sherry moaned as she squirmed on my face. She wiggled back and forth. Master Lance!
Yes, yes, enjoy his tongue, Sherry! Cherry groaned as she rode me. His cock is amazing. I love it. We were lesbians so we could save our cherries for him!

For him! Sherry purred as I stroked through her folds.

I lapped at her virgin flesh, brushing her clit and caressing her hymen. I loved her sweetness as her twin worked that hot pussy up and down my dick. It was just such a perfect thing. I loved it. I was so glad to have all this pleasure rushing through me. 

I groaned, enjoying every inch of that virgin twat riding me. I tongued Sherry's snatch. I lapped and lapped at her folds, stroking over her delicious petals. I found her clit and suckled on her. She moaned, her cute ass clenching before my face.

Master Lance! whimpered Sherry as I nibbled on her clit with my lips.

Ooh, ooh, Master Lance! Cherry moaned as she worked her cunt up and down my cock. She squeezed her snatch around my dick. She massaged me with that amazing cunt. I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum so hard, Sherry!

Me, too, Cherry!

I suckled on Sherry's clit as the pressure hurtled toward the bursting point. Cherry's cunt massaged my dick, swelling the aching itch at the tip. Her silky, hot flesh worked up and down me. I groaned around Sherry's bud. 

Sherry's cute rump clenched before my eyes. She shuddered as I nursed on her bud. My tongue danced around her delicious clit. Her sister slid up my cock with her tight pussy. Whimpering, Cherry plunged back down my dick.

Master Lance! the deflowered twin squealed. Her pussy went wild around my cock.

I ground around Sherry's clit as the pleasure swept through me.

Ooh, ooh, Master Lance, the virgin twin gasped.

Her sweet juices gushed out of her virgin twat and bathed my lips. I licked and lapped at her snatch as her twin's pussy rippled around me. My dick lurched in her silky heaven. The pressure at the tip of my dick burst. I erupted.

I flooded Cherry's deflowered pussy with cum. She squealed and bucked on me. Her cunt writhed around my dick. It was just such a passion. Just a wonderful ecstasy. I trembled through all that bliss. It was fantastic.

Yes, yes, yes, I growled into Sherry's cunt as I flooded Cherry's twat with my jizz.

Master Lance! Cherry moaned, her pussy writhing around my erupting cock. Oh, yes, yes, you're flooding me with your seed!

I grunted with each blast of jizz that fired out of my dick. I spurted spunk into her snatch. I filled her up with all the pleasure. It was fantastic to have all this ecstasy sweeping through my mind. Stars flashed across my vision.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, spurting my cum into Cherry's pussy. Her cunt milked me.

Master Lance, whimpered Sherry as I licked up her pussy. 

She trembled on me as I erupted a final blast of jizz into her twin sister's pussy. The pleasure washed through me. I had two groaning cuties on me. My tongue stroked through Sherry's virgin folds, brushing her hymen. I had to deflower her next.

Time for your treat, Sherry, I groaned. 

Ooh, ooh, what is it, Master Lance? asked Sherry. Being deflowered by you? I can't wait!

That's not the treat, I said. Cherry, slide off my cock and lie down on the bed with your legs spread wide. Sherry, you get to lick my cum out of your twin sister's pussy as I fuck your virgin twat!
Oh, Master, that is a special treat! Sherry squealed and bounced on my face, rubbing her cunt across my lips.

Cherry pulled her pussy off my cock. I shuddered at that tight sheath popping off. She stretched out on her back as Sherry crawled off me. I sat up and moved into position. Cherry spread her legs and Sherry dove in to feast on her twin sister's deflowered and sloppy twat.

The twincest was so hot to watch. Sherry didn't hesitate to lick at her sister's cunt. Cherry moaned, her round boobs jiggling. Dried cum covered Cherry's cute face. She whimpered as Sherry wiggled her rump, her virgin pussy dripping and begging to be fucked.

With your hymen gone, I can thrust my tongue into her pussy now, moaned Sherry. This is so wild. And your full of all of Master Lance's cum!

Lick it all out of me, Cherry purred, her eyes so hot on me as I moved up behind her twin. Master Lance is going to make you cum so hard with his big dick!

Cherry's faith in me was a beautiful thing as I pressed my cock into her twin's virginal pussy. I loved the feel of those silky lips parting to reveal her hymen. I pushed against her maidenhead, feeling it stretch as she moaned into her twin's pussy.

It was a delicious sound to hear. I gripped her hips and thrust harder against her hymen. She squealed into Cherry's pussy as her cherry popped. I groaned as I popped into Sherry's pussy. It was so wonderful to slide into her cunt.

It was just a fabulous moment to have all that hot pussy gripping my dick. I sank deeper until I bottomed out in her. She moaned into her twin's, wiggling her hips and stirring her deflowered pussy around my dick. 

Master, Sherry moaned.

Ooh, just enjoy, Sherry! Cherry cooed. And keep licking all that cum out of my pussy! Enjoy your treat!

Such a yummy treat! Sherry clamped her pussy down around my dick. Thank you, Master!

You're welcome, I groaned as I drew back my cock, savoring that delicious grip on my dick

I thrust back into her pussy, slamming to the hilt in her twat. She held me tight with that delicious cunt. I pumped away at her, fucking Sherry's deflowered pussy with force. I buried into her again and again. I hammered her hard and fast.

She groaned, squeezing her cunt down on my dick. She held me tight as I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her again and again. I slammed to the hilt in her snatch over and over again. I fucked her with passion. I slammed to the hilt in her cunt.

She moaned and wiggled her hips, feasting on Cherry's pussy. I loved watching Cherry shudder, her round boobs jiggling as she enjoyed having her cunt devoured by her twin. What a fantastic pair of new maids my sister found.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned, slamming into Sherry's cunt. That's fantastic. Your pussy is amazing!

Ooh, ooh, I bet her pussy is so awesome, Master Lance! Cherry moaned. Her tongue is!

I plowed deep and hard into her snatch, churning her up with my big dick. I fucked her hard and fast, loving the way she clamped her pussy down on my dick. She held me tight with that delicious snatch as I buried into her.

Master Lance! Sherry squealed, her pussy clamping down hard on my dick. Oh, Master Lance, I love your cock in me!

He's amazing! whimpered Cherry, her face twisting in delight as I fucked to the hilt in her twin's twat. And so is your tongue, Sherry!

The pressure built and built at the tip of my cock as I fucked to the hilt in her cunt. I buried deep and hard into her twat. I fucked her with such force. It was just a delight to have that big dick fucking me like that. I groaned, savoring that heat swelling in my nuts.

I buried into her hard and fast. I thrust over and over into her snatch. I loved how she squeezed down on me. She held me tight as I pumped into her twat. She whimpered into her sister's pussy as I rose toward my bursting point.

Sherry! Cherry squealed. She arched her back and gasped out, Yes!

She drowned her twin sister in incestuous juices. I loved the sight as I slammed hard into Sherry's cunt. My nuts slapped into her clit. Her pussy clamped down hard on my dick, increasing the silky pressure around the tip.

Master! gasped Sherry into Cherry's pussy. Ooh, ooh, yes!

Her cunt went wild around my cock. I loved the feel of the deflowered pussy spasming around my cock as I drew back. My nuts lurched as I thrust to the hilt in her cunt. I buried deep and hard into her pussy and erupted.

I pumped blast after blast of my cum into the slut's pussy. I filled her to the brim with jizz. The pleasure swept through me. Stars flashed across my vision as I enjoyed this ecstasy sweeping through me. 

I grunted, Fuck! 

I flooded Sherry's deflowered pussy with my cum as she drowned in her twin's cunt cream. My dick erupted over and over again into her spasming twat. She suckled at me with such heat. I loved every last second of it. 

It was fantastic having all that delight rushing through me. I groaned with each blast of spunk erupting from my dick. It was an amazing moment to have all that ecstasy flooding through me with each eruption.

Oh, Master! Sherry moaned as I pumped her full of my cum.

I shuddered through all that rapture as her pussy milked me dry. I groaned as I filled her twat up with every last drop of spunk I had in my nuts. Sherry rubbed her face into Cherry's cunt. I felt so damned good.

I was fucking Kylie hard tonight for this treat. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

And what degree are you working on, Miss Stevens? I asked.

You can tots call me Melissa, the college coed. Her bleached-blonde hair tumbled about her tan face. She wore a tight belly shirt with no bra on beneath, her nipples clearly pierced. I'm getting my degree in Human Resources with a minor in DIE.

Right, right, I said. Well, that's not what I'm looking for in a maid for Hayward Manor. I sat at a table with Asuka beside me at the Ivywood University's job fair. I had three garters in my chest to fill out, and I was hoping to find one smart girl here. I'm looking for a maid with a useful degree.

What's not useful 'bout Human Resources? Melissa asked. People, are like, tots the most import' thing there is.

Did she just shorten important? Asuka asked as she typed on her laptop. She was refining her predictive algorithm.

Thank you, I told Melissa. I'm sure there's some Fortune 500 that's looking for an airhead to hire them more bimbos hang out and having meeting
s.
Fine, Melissa said.

She was the thirty-third useless woman who had come up. Gender Studies Majors, Queer Studies Majors, Interpretive Dance Majors, Sociology Majors, Teaching Majors, French Poetry Majors, Pop Culture Majors, and more. None of them were girls who went to college to learn something useful. History, mathematics, biology, physics, chemistry, psychology, and medicine. Nothing that would help us understand where the Imprisoned would burst out next.

Hi, the next young woman said. She was a petite, Chinese coed with glasses perched on her dainty nose. Maid for Hayward Manor must be in STEM track or other productive majors.

Yep, said Asuka. Like if you can understand neural language algorithm for teaching AI to sort through data for patterns, that would be neat.

Well, yes, said the Chinese girl. I have a major in Mathematics with a focus on predictive algorithms and a minor in Computer Science. I'm about to start my doctoral work in image recognition algorithms.

Asuka turned her computer screen. My AI is trawling through social media, news reports, and every search engine looking for predictive patterns. I am getting some strange signs from a farm a hundred miles away. All the cows produced black milk yesterday. Three miles from there this morning, all the hens laid red eggs at another farm that were full of blood.

How weird, said the girl. She had a sticker nametag that ran Ming Hu on it. What are you looking for?

Predicting when fairy-like beings break into our world and have to be tracked, she said. My bot seems to have found a trail of something causing unusual incidents. I need to see if we can find other markers to give us a bearing on the disturbance.

Well, if you can understand all of that, I said, opening my cedar box. I pulled out a gray garter. Welcome to the harem. You are a maid of Hayward Manor.

Ming Hu's eyes widened behind her glasses. She straightened and immediately pulled off her t-shirt. It had a math equation on it that I vaguely recognized. It seemed to be a joke because Asuka giggled. I was glad to have Ming Hu onboard.

She threw off her t-shirt and unhooked a purple bra that covered her small breasts. A large crowd of students moved behind her, men and women, but she didn't care. She unsnapped her jeans and shoved those off along with her yellow panties revealing a rather thick bush.

I rose from the table and moved around it, my maid's uniform swirling. Welcome to the harem, Ming. I'm Lynette Docea.

We call her Ms. Docea, Asuka said. She's a chief maid, picked by Master Hayward himself.

Oh, my, said Ming. Will I get to meet our illustrious Master?

Of course, I said as she stepped out of her shoes so she could pull off her jeans bunched around her ankles. He'll want to make love to you when we get back to the manor. Hopefully, I'll have recruited more girls.

I slipped the garter up her leg, her skin this wonderfully pale-olive hue. She had a thick bush dripping in juices. She was gorgeous. Another wonderful addition to the harem. I slid the garter up and up her thigh until it was snug around her leg.

There, I said, rising and kissing her.

She whimpered into my lips, her tongue so delicious. I was so ready to make love to her right here. She was part of the harem. Asuka stared at her computer screen. There was so much going on. I didn't care right now.

I broke the kiss and purred, First, you have to eat my pussy, Ming.

Yes, Ms. Docea, she said, her entire body shaking.

I smiled and moved around the table. I sat back down at my seat and spread my legs. My boobs jiggled in my low-cut bodice as Mind dropped to her knees. She crawled beneath the table, so ready to feast on me.
What a wonderful addition to the harem. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Huntsmen

I slammed my spear into the Hay. 

The golden wall rippled from the impact. It was weakened by the Lord of the Hays recent incursion. He had entered these lands, and I missed him. I breathed in his scent. They all smelled the same. That same stink that was on my queen after he ravished her.

After he cuckolded me.

Anger boiled through me as I rode down the wall. I would find the place to breach it. I would burst through into the mortal world and run him down. Nothing would stop me from getting my vengeance on the Lord of the Hay.

He wooed my Queen.

Turned her into his harlot. I would find my satisfaction and end that miserable line once and for all. After he died, I would kill the Twins, those miserable bitches spawned from the Lord of the Hay's seed planted in my Queen's loins.

They all would be spitted upon my spear.

To be continued...
