Fortune wandered into the room, heard McGruder crying again, and knocked lightly on the bathroom door with her knuckles. 'Von? Von, you can't do this forever...' There was no response, and she tried again. 'Yvonne... come on out of there now, hon.' There was a definite lack of an answer. It was like talking to a wall. Fortune gave up and went to boil the kettle. McGruder would come out when she was ready.

'When she was ready' turned out to be almost half an hour later. The explanation was the same as usual - Arnold hadn't called. Arnold had never called. Arnold was, in short, a cretin. Who never called.

'Maybe he's waiting for you to call,' Fortune suggested, making tea. The teabag was mildewed. So much for JMC storage policies -- she threw the bag into the bin and replaced it with a fresh one that, while possibly not perfect, was at least not a representative of the penicillin tribe.

'Why would he be?' McGruder stirred her tea moodily, took a sip, and spat it back out. 'The guy always calls the girl.'

'No. The guy always promises to call and doesn't. He's not worth this heartache, Von,' Fortune countered. Actually, he was. He was a moron, sure, but Fortune had eyes, and he was a good-looking moron. 'D'you want to be with him or not?'

'I do!' McGruder said in a wail. 'But I just don't know...'

She was interrupted in her lament by a knock at the door. Nearly knocking Fortune and the kettle over, she bolted to answer it, and was disappointed to see only Lister, Arnold's scuzzy roommate, standing there.

'McGruder? Rimmer sent me. He wanted to know if you wanted to go to dinner tonight. He's been in the medi-bay,' Lister said, offering a grin.

'The medi-bay? Is he all right?'

'Just took another exam.'

'Oh,' McGruder said, rather deflated. The word 'medi-bay' had conjured up images in her head of herself nursing Arnie back to health. But his exams were legendary... he was probably under psychiatric care.

Lister looked nonchalantly past her into the room and spotted Fortune. His eyes went wide. He knew her - they had a common interest, and that was Kochanski -- and he also knew that she had had boyfriends. And that maybe she'd be open to having another one.

And damn, that girl was fine.

McGruder, meanwhile, was looking over her shoulder. 'Hey. Fortune. You going out tonight?'

'Not really,' Fortune said. She'd secretly been considering going up to the Drive Room and staring at Kochanski from a convenient hiding place -- that or learning to knit -- but it wasn't anything she couldn't cancel. 'Why?'

McGruder looked back at Lister. 'And you?'

Lister jumped. 'Huh? No, nothin', man,' he said, hoping McGruder had something interesting in mind.

'You two want to come with Arnie and I then? I'm sure he won't mind, and I'd love you to meet him, Fortune.'

Fortune grinned wryly. ''Von, I've met him. It was me who kept him entertained that time you were still in the shower when he arrived.'

'You didn't have to. I told you I didn't mind if he waited in the bathroom.'

Lister tried not to vomit. 'How's eight tonight at Parrot's sound?'

'Excellent,' Fortune purred, watching his reaction. 'I'll be there for sure.' Lister nodded, turned, and hobbled away, having some trouble walking due to the interesting events between his legs.

'Fortune, you little minx.' McGruder closed the door and shook her head, smirking. 'He won't be able to do anything today.'

At ten past eight precisely the girls entered Parrot's, being fashionably late, as Fortune demanded. McGruder was chafing at the bit -- Fortune wouldn't've been surprised had she skipped the meal and gone straight to the dessert, so to speak.

The boys had dressed up. Fortune was vaguely impressed by the effort Lister had gone to, although she was more interested in subtly staring at Rimmer. Both of them were wearing a lot of black, and it looked good. Damn good.

The four of them arranged themselves around the table, Fortune purring a, 'Sorry we're late', which made Lister's knees go all wibbly. Rimmer just looked nervous and tried not to bite his nails. Sure, he was supposed to be with McGruder tonight, but no matter how much he tried, he couldn't keep from looking at Fortune. She had gone all out -- the outfit she was wearing was just a few wisps of material away from naked, and it was probably irrational to expect Rimmer not to look. McGruder had noticed Fortune's efforts and was decidedly suspicious of her motives. She knew that Fortune didn't really fancy Lister.

One of the waiters brought them menus and bread rolls. Lister tore into his roll, slathering butter on it. Fortune looked at the way he was dropping crumbs down his shirt and pushed her plate away -- she wasn't going to compromise her outfit by getting bits of food on it. If she had to skip eating entirely, then so be it.

Scheming, however, only gets a person so far. McGruder was looking madder and madder as the night went on - sitting at a round table meant that McGruder was facing Fortune and they were both in between the boys, so to speak, and McGruder could see every action of Fortune's.

Their main course finished, Fortune gracefully excused herself and headed for the toilets, ducking under a parrot perch over the doorway. A real parrot was sitting on it, squawking occasionally in a desultory fashion. Fortune could feel the eyes of half a dozen men on her as she moved across the room, and -- she peeked -- yes, one woman was staring at her as well, almost drooling in fact. Fortune smirked to herself.

The bathroom door had barely swung shut behind her when it banged open again. McGruder looked furious.

'What the hell do you think you're doing, Fortune?' she hissed.

Fortune shrugged. 'Well, I was about to "powder my nose",' she said, 'but if you gotta go that bad...' There was only a single toilet stall, and a bench with a basin and a stuttering fluorescent light. 'I guess I can hold it.'

'You know what I'm talking about,' McGruder said. Her tone changed from angry to sad. 'I thought you were my friend, but you've been making eyes at my man all night.'

'Oh, that.' Fortune coughed discreetly. 'See, I thought it was him making eyes at me. I'm sorry, but he just can't seem to stop staring at me.' She felt suddenly impatient with this woman. They had known each other for six weeks. It wasn't as if they'd been best friends since school. It wasn't as if Fortune owed her anything.

Someone knocked hesitantly on the door, then pushed it open a fraction. It was the woman who'd been staring at Fortune from across the room. 'Sorry, is anyone in here?' she asked, her eyes flicking from Fortune to McGruder.

'Yes,' Fortune and McGruder said in unison. 'Sorry. Use the guys' loo.' And McGruder nudged the door closed with her backside, still glaring at Fortune.

'If anything happens between you two,' she said, 'I'll disown you.'

Fortune shrugged. 'I'm not chasing him, okay? If anything, he's chasing me.' A little white lie never hurt anyone, she reasoned. Shame she'd told a dirty great black one. 'Go on back to the table. I'll be back in a minute. I need to pee.' She didn't, but she wanted to look composed when she got back, while McGruder was going to storm back looking all red in the face and... ick.

As McGruder pushed the door open to leave, Fortune spotted Rimmer, wandering down the corridor, looking half-lost, half-concerned. McGruder, apparently convinced that he had been giving Fortune the eye, brushed past him, barely looking at him. Rimmer's puzzled eyes met Fortune's cool gaze. She smiled at him, raising an eyebrow at McGruder's retreating back, then grabbed his tie and reeled him into the bathroom.

Mission accomplished.

'What...?' Rimmer asked as Fortune locked the door.

'You've been staring at my breasts all night. What does that mean?' And without warning her tongue was in his mouth. Mmmm. He tasted like the frozen margaritas he'd been drinking. And he wasn't exactly pushing her away and running in horror. He was a little overenthusiastic with his tongue -- she could forgive him that, the dear man. If he could use it that much there, he could certainly... well. If she got to experience her favourite 'c' word -- coitus, while nice, was merely a very close second -- then that was a bonus.

'Fortune... I'm supposed to be with Yvonne tonight,' Rimmer said when their kiss finally broke.

Fortune's other eyebrow went up. 'So? Haven't you ever watched any movies?' And don't you know what I want, I get? she added mentally.

'Not really,' Rimmer said. 'Only a couple.'

'Right,' Fortune said. 'Well, this is the part where the devilishly sexy leading man and the apparently sweet but really femme fatale lead female get it on. In the bathroom,' she added, just in case he was unaware of their surroundings. She backed up against the bench and pulled him against her, already feeling the evidence of his arousal against her thigh. And how nice it was for the ship's designers to think of her when they placed the bench. She hopped up onto it, pulled him close again, locking her legs around his waist. With the admirable foresight that made her so good at her job, she'd thought to wear a skirt. Without anything underneath it.

Rimmer gasped as he realised she was bare under the skirt. Common sense fled his mind, replaced with base desire, and he kissed her again, bruisingly hard. Her hands were already at his belt, flicking the buckle open with expert ease, yanking at the button of his fly.

'God... Fortune...'

'God? Maybe. There must be one, for you to be here,' Fortune said.

'Do you mean that?'

'Rimmer. I want you and I want you now. We can do mush and first names when we're married. Or something.' Fortune's hands were still working and Rimmer's trousers slid down to his ankles, his keys jingling. She slipped her fingers into the waistband of his underpants and yanked them down as well, and was greeted by his erect cock. 'Here.' She wriggled to the edge of the bench, her skirt sliding up, rucking around her waist. 'Now.'

Rimmer's mind vacated his head. Most women never so much as looked at him, and now one was jumping him in the bathroom of a popular restaurant. If this wasn't heaven, then God didn't exist after all. He could feel her hands, one leaving his cock and grabbing his arse, pulling him against her, the other hand guiding him into her. His knees went weak, but Fortune's legs locked around him and held him steady.

'We'll have to be quick, before Von twigs.' She landed another kiss, this one on the side of his neck.

'You don't think she has any idea?' Rimmer's mouth actually made coherent noises. Interesting.

Fortune snorted. 'Of course she's got some idea. We just have to finish before she kicks the fucking door in.'

It wasn't as if Rimmer had much choice. This contact with a woman, only his second time, was already making his mind spin. His hips were moving all by themselves, moving him into her, and she was obviously enjoying it. Confidence growing, Rimmer cupped her buttocks with his hands, holding her still so she didn't slide away from him every time he moved. Their eyes met and locked, and Rimmer let out a soft moan at the intensity of her gaze alone.

'Quiet. You want everyone to know what's going on in here?'

'Why not?' Rimmer thrust particularly hard and Fortune was hard put to stifle a moan of her own. 'I'm sure Yvonne knows already.'

'Yeah, but...' Oooh. 'We don't need to rub it in.'

'Whatever,' Rimmer said.

Three minutes later, McGruder raised her head from the table and glared at the doorway as twin cries of ecstasy cut through the air. Lister tried to put an arm around her, but McGruder broke away and ran from the restaurant. The woman who had interrupted her and Fortune earlier left her date and ran after her.

Lister sighed, watching the manager and three waiters running to the bathroom door, banging on it, trying to force the lock. He knew they'd come out when they were ready, looking just that little flushed, but mostly impeccable -- except someone's clothing would be torn somewhat, and there would be a lovebite on Rimmer's neck.

That was the way it was in the movies.

Good fortune came to all in the end, however.

Lister's first date with Kochanski was a few months later, but was worth the wait. After Fortune had ditched him for Rimmer he'd been reluctant to approach women.

Fortune came home that fateful night to find most of her possessions thrown haphazardly into the corridor. She gathered them up -- McGruder almost beaning her with the last item, a large lava lamp -- and moved in with Lister and Rimmer.

As for McGruder, the woman who'd chased her out of the restaurant made her realise something about herself she'd never known. Two days later, they announced they were moving in together. As a show of goodwill, Fortune came to help move the new woman's belongings in and caught the two of them in flagrante delicto on the newly double bunk.

And they all lived happily ever after, at least until the Cadmium II explosion.