The Prom Dress Fitting
"So," Marie asked, "exactly what type of dress did you have in mind!?!" Fran looked at her mother for a second, and after getting the go ahead, she replied softly, "Well we were kinda hoping to get something that was strapless, you know, something that shows a lot of shoulder!!!" "Mmmmmmmm, a good idea," Marie said while moving over to a rack of dresses in the corner of the store, "how about one of these, they're all strapless and I'm sure that you'll find that one of them is just right for you!?!" Fran worked her way through the fifty or so gowns that were pressed tightly together, until she came to a black and white number that was truly stunning!!! "How about this one," she asked excitedly while holding it up to her neck, "what do you think, mom!?!" "My goodness it certainly is low cut," she replied to her daughter, "why don't you try it on and we'll see how it looks on you!!!" "Where's the dressing room," Fran asked!?! "Oh, you don't need a dressing room," Marie replied softly, "I'll go and lock the front door while you get started changing!!!" 
Fran looked at her mother with a slight frown on her face, but her mother simply nodded and replied, "Come on, Fran, off with your things, let's see how it looks!!!" Nervously Fran stripped down to her knickers and bra, and just when Marie returned, Fran began putting on the black and white evening gown!!! "Hold it right there, dear," Marie said softly, "this is a strapless dress, you can't wear a regular bra and really tell how the gown will look with those bra straps getting in the way, please, take off your bra so we see what it will really look like!!!" Fran was about to protest, but much to her shock, her mother nodded in agreement with the saleswoman, and added in kind, "I'm surprised at you, Frannie, you should know better that to try on a strapless gown with a regular old bra on, so please, hurry up and take it off!!!" "Okay," Fran replied red faced, "her goes nothing, and with a shrug of her shoulders, off came her 36c bra, allowing her full breasts to spring free into the cool air!!!" "My, my," Marie said in a quiet husky voice, "your daughter has a beautiful chest, and just look at those nipples, an absolutely wonderful shade of pink, and all erect and hard too!!!" "Well, she takes after the woman on my side of the family," Peg answered seriously, "we all have large pink nipples that always seem to be erect, it's just a family trait I guess!!!" "And a very nice one indeed," Marie added while casually reaching out and caressing the young girls breasts, "may I ask you a personal question, Frannie!?!" 
Fran couldn't believe what was happening to her, and in front of her mother yet, but in a very tight voice she replied, "Uh, yes, of course, Marie, ask away!!!" "This may not seem very important right at the moment," Marie exclaimed, "but I'm sure that the young man taking you to the prom is expecting that at some point in the evening he will be at least be putting his hands under your dress and feeling not only your breasts, but your legs and vagina as well, and since that's true, don't you think that we should cover you with the finest stockings and knickers available, I mean you want him to get the fullest enjoyment from your firm young body, don't you!?!" Fran was now visibly squirming while Marie continued massaging her full breasts, and it took moment for her to pull herself together and to reply, "I-I don't know, I suppose so, mother, what do you think!?!" "I completely concur with Marie, Frannie," she replied in an even voice, "I'm sure that Jack will not only have his hands under your dress, but that eventually he'll have your dress off and his mouth on both your breasts and vagina!!!" "My goodness," Marie said with a shake of the head, "then before we even contemplate the dress, we must first take care of her undies," and so without warning, Marie released Fran's breasts, and jerked her bikini knickers right off of her body, leaving her standing there naked as a jay bird in front of both her mother and Marie!!! 
Fran shuddered a little as the cool air swept over her nude body, but it was Marie who spoke up again and said, "Peg, I don't mean to be critical, but isn't this the most important social event on the school calendar, outside of graduation, that is!?!" "Yes, it is," Peg replied, "why, is that important!?!" "Well, Peg," Marie went on, "just look at Frannie's vagina, she has and absolute profusion of pubic hair covering her vagina, and since she is going to be wearing the tiniest and most sensual knickers we can find, it only stands to reason the her lips should be shave bare, with just a small tuft of hair above her slit, not only will it look good, but Jack will have a lot less trouble tonguing her vagina if she's clean shaven!!!" "Of course you're right again," Peg said with a shake of her head, "when do you think we should shave it!?!" "Why, right now of course," Marie replied, we can go right into the rest room and do it there, I keep a supply of razors and the like as I keep my own vagina shaved smoothly for just that reason, that being ease of oral attention, because as you know, being orally satisfied is definitely where it's at!!! 
Marie led the two women to the rest room in the rear of the store, and after getting a folding chair situated in the middle of the room, she motioned Frannie to take a seat while she got the equipment ready to go!!! "Okay," Marie said while taking her place between the mortified teenager's legs, "first off we have to wash your pubic area to soften the hair and for that I'm just going to use warm soapy water, so if you're ready, I'll begin!!!" Fran clenched her eyes shut while waiting for Marie to begin, but before she did, she asked Frannie in a very whispered voice, "You seem to be quite wet, child, are you sexually aroused!?!" Fran opened her eyes, and in a halting voice stammered, "W-well wouldn't you be if someone was playing with your boobs and talking about your pussy!?!" "Francis," her mother said sharply, "don't use that tone of voice with Miss Willis, she's only trying to help you!!!" "I-I'm sorry, ma'am," she replied softly, "I didn't mean to sass!!!" "That's all right child," Marie replied gently, "but I fear that your vagina is in dire need of some oral attention, isn't that right, dear!?!" Now, with little beads of sweat breaking out on her forehead, she replied breathlessly, "Yes, I can't stand it, p-please, help me!!!" 
Marie looked to Peg, and in a whispered voice observed, "We can't leave her like this, you know how it is when your vagina gets like this, and while it's unusual, I'm going to suck her to completion if it's okay with you!?!" Peg wordlessly nodded her head, and a second later, Marie Willis pressed her mouth directly into Frannie's incredibly aroused vagina and clitoris!!! "Ohhhhhhhhh, Miss Willis," Fran moaned while pushing her cunt hard against the older woman's face, "please, suck me off, my pussy is so fucking hot and it needs it so badly!!!" By this time, Fran wasn't the only one with a hot box, because her own mother, had slipped her hand inside of her jeans, and after taking a moment to navigate her knickers, she found her clit and began furiously diddling her very erect little clit!!! "Suck her, Marie," Peg begged while staring at her friend's mouth on her daughter's pussy, "eat her up, show her what a cunt lapping whore you are!!!" Fran was now barreling towards her orgasm, and in a halting voice stammered, "O-oh, mother, she has a wonderful mouth, and her tongue isn't bad either, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuck that feels good, oh god, I'm gonna cum now, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuck there it is, ohhhhh myyyyy!!!" 
As her daughter's cunt bucked wildly against Marie's open mouth, Peg's eyes glazed over as her own climax tore through her cunt like an express train during rush hour traffic, and with a loud groan, she thrust her finger deep into her pussy and fingered herself to a mind numbing orgasm of her own!!! Both Peg and Fran were gasping for breath and trying to get their heart rates back to normal, but before they were really able to talk, Marie stood up of shaky legs and asked, "I don't want to seem pushy, but I really could use some help with this," and in a flash, the cunt licking bitch shoved down her pants and knickers, revealing an incredibly engorged pair of lips that were absolutely begging to be sucked!!! "Oh, god, mother," Frannie moaned, "j-just look at her, is it all right if I do her, she really needs it bad!?!" "Of course, dear," Peg replied weakly, "suck her off good!!!" After having regained most of her strength, Frannie scooted of the chair, and with her hands on Marie's hips, she guided the older woman down onto the chair where without any fanfare, she almost casually took Marie's clit into her mouth and in a manner of seconds, induced the excited vagina into an orgasm of brutal devastation, that left the poor woman gasping and wheezing for breath!!! 
Twenty minutes later when Marie was finishing up with the shaving of Frannie's pussy, the eighteen year old opined, "ya know what I like about this store, mom!?!" "And what would that be, dear," she asked gently!?! "Well, ya hafta admit one thing, it sure is a full service establishment!!! 
THE END









