A mother and son desperately need money.  How much will they do to get the money?

F/m


	Hey, Mom, Im headed out, Frankie shouted as he walked down the hall.  He passed into the front room on his way out and saw his mother sitting on the sofa staring at a pile of papers on the coffee table.
	He stopped and asked, Did you hear what I said?
	His mother never looked up from the pile of papers.  Frankie sighed and went over to the sofa and sat down next to her.  His mother finally looked up from the papers and smiled at him.
	Whats up? She asked.
	I said I was going out twice and you didnt even look up, he said.
	She sighed and waved at the pile of papers. 
	Im sorry, honey.  Im just really distracted by the bills and everything, she said.
	Frankie looked over at the pile of bills and could see a couple that had past due and final notice stamped on them.  When his father had left hed locked his mother out of all of the bank accounts and had made things a living hell.  It had taken months of lawyers and court visits to finally force him to pay alimony but now, with the bills so bad off, Frankie knew they were more than likely going to lose the house and everything else.
	He put his hand on his mothers shoulder and gave it a squeeze.
	Itll be okay, mom, he said.
	She gave him another weak smile and said, I know.
	Im going to go over to Sams for a while, okay? He asked.
	Sure, she said, turning back to the bills.
	Frankie got up and walked to the door.  He was opening it when his mother asked, No matter what happens or where we live, you know I love you, right?
	He turned back and flashed her a smile. 
	Duh!  Youre my mom!
	Her lip trembled and Frankie could see the tears welling up in her eyes.  Seeing her cry again was just too much for him to deal with.  He quickly hurried out of the house and to his car.  He drove into town and parked in front of Lighthouse Coffee.
	He went inside, grabbed a mocha latte and joined his friend Chris at a table near the back.  
	Hey, buddy, whats up? Chris asked.
	Frankie shrugged and said, The usual.
	Chris eyed him for a minute before he asked, Does your mom know your here?
	Frankie gave him an irritated look before he asked, What do you think?
	Chris threw back his head and laughed.  Frankies mom had made it clear that she thought Chris was bad news and Frankie was to stay the hell away from him.  Shed even gone so far as to call Chris and tell him he was not to be seen near her son. 
	So where are you supposed to be? Chris asked.
	My buddy Sams, Frankie said.  
	Does Sam know this?
	Yeah, I covered for him the night he stayed at his girlfriends so he can cover for me this time.
	Chris took a drink of his coffee and looked Frankie over.  Hed known the kid for over a year and lately hed seemed pretty stressed out by something.  Chris was thinking about asking but he didnt want to sound like he was prying.  Instead he asked, Did you drive down here?
	A smile lit up Frankies face as he said, Hell yeah!
	Let me see it, Chris said.
	Frankie dug out his wallet and pulled his drivers license out.  He handed it over to Chris who looked at it and shook his head.
	Sixteen.  Man, I dont think I can remember what being sixteen was like, Chris said.
	Frankie grabbed it back and said, Thats cause youre, like, in your thirties and over the hill.
	Chris gave the kid the finger and said, Im old enough to be your dad and whip your skinny ass.
	The smile fell from Frankies face.  He glared down at the table and then took a drink of his latte.  Chris knew hed stepped in it now.  He knew there were problems at home but it looked like theyd gotten really bad.
	Tell me whats going on, man, Chris said.
	Frankie did.  He told Chris about his dad leaving.  He told him about the bills piling up and how they were going to lose the house and the cars.
	What really sucks is that my dickhead dad is going to have to start paying alimony but we wont get it until after its too late, Frankie said.  Thats why I wanted to meet up with you today.  I wanted to know if you had any way that I could make some quick cash.  Just enough to tide us over until the first check comes.
	Chris leaned back in his chair and started laughing.  Frankie stared at him in shock.  Hed come to him, in his hour of need, and his supposed friend was going to laugh at him.  
	Frankie slid the chair back and was about to storm out when Chris reached across the table to grab his arm.  
	Wait, Chris said, trying to catch his breath.  Im not laughing at you.  I promise.  Its just that this is too weird.
	What is? Frankie snapped, still ready to walk.
	I got an order from a client today, Chris said. This guy is big money and wants something very specific.  Then you walk in and ask for a way to make some money and its like youre the answer to my prayers because I had no idea how I was going to get what this guy wanted.
	Frankie eyed him for a minute before he asked, What the job?
	Its a video and it has to have a guy your age in it, Chris said.
	Frankie frowned and asked, Isnt that illegal?
	Chris shushed him and looked around to see if anyone heard.  Seeing that nobody was paying them any attention he said, Dont be so damned loud, man.  Of course its illegal, thats why it pays so damn good.
	Frankie sat back down and asked, What do I have to do?
	Have sex with a woman, Chris said.
	Frankie grinned and said, I think I can handle that.
	Dont be so sure, Chris said.  Like I said, this guy was specific in what he wanted.
	Okay, so, what does he want?
	He wants to see the IDs of the two people having sex and they have to be mother and son, Chris said.
	Frankies lip curled in disgust.
	Im not fucking my mom, he snapped.
	Chris raised his hands to ward of Frankies anger and said, Hey, man, Im just offering it to you because you said you needed quick money and its not only quick money, its damn good money. 
	Frankie hesitated.  There was no way he would have sex with his mom but part of him had to know what Chris considered good money.
	How much? He asked.
	Twenty-five grand, Chris said.
	Frankie felt his jaw drop.  That much money would fix everything and then some.  He balled his fists in anger.  Hed been so close to fixing things and then the rug got pulled out from under him.
	What if it was someone that looked like my mom instead? He asked.
	Chris shook his head.
	This guy has paid me too much over the years for me to screw him over.  It has to be the real deal.  Sorry, he said.
	Frankies shoulders slumped.  There went his brilliant idea to make some quick money.  He and Chris talked a little longer before Frankie headed back home.
	When he walked in the door his mother was still on the sofa looking at the bills.  The only difference was the empty wine glass sitting on the coffee table.
	Frankie had rarely seen his mother drink until his father left and the bills started piling up.  With each bill it seemed she needed a little more alcohol just to get through the day.  It was starting to worry him but there wasnt anything he could do about it.
	Was there?
	He sat down on the chair beside the sofa and really looked at his mother.  She was only 36 years old and still in good shape.  She took Pilates and ran every morning so her body was still fit and trim.  She was wearing a black tank top and Frankie could see the tops of her tanned breasts.  Hed seen her in her night shirt early in the mornings and, even when she wasnt wearing a bra, her breasts showed little sag from age.  
	She looked up and, seeing him looking at her so intently, she asked, Whats on your mind?
	He looked at her a long time before he asked, What if we had a way to make twenty-five grand really quick and it would only take a little work from both of us?
	She stared at him for a long time before she asked, How is that possible?
	Frankie took a deep breath and said, I talked to Chris today
	Dammit, Franklin, I told you to stay the hell away from him! She yelled.
	Frankie stood up and shouted, I know you did but we need money and he has connections.
	His mother snorted and said, Yeah, porn connections which are not the kind of connections we need right now.
	We need any damn connection we can get! Frankie snapped.  You sit there and stare at those bills like you think theyll go away but they wont.  Youre drinking all the time and were going to lose everything.  This is Grandma and Grandpas house and I know itll kill you to lose it.  I went out and found a way to fix everything.  What have you done today?
	Linda stared at her son.  Shed thought she was hiding the worst of it from him but she hadnt been hiding anything at all.  He was right on everything, especially the house.  The thought of not coming home to the place shed grown up in was tearing her heart out.  She wished she hadnt let Frankies father talk her into taking a mortgage for the boat.  Hell, she might as well wish to win the lottery for all the good wishing did.
	How can we make that much money so fast? She asked quietly.
	Frankie licked his lips nervously.  There was no easy way to put it so he said, Chris has a video shoot lined up and needs to people for it.
	Im guessing its a porno? Linda asked.
	It is.
	Okay, so whats the catch?
	In a rush, Frankie said, The two people have to show IDs and be mother and son.
	Linda stood there staring at Frankie, not quite sure if shed heard right.  Did he really just say it was a mother and son porno?
	What? Was all she could manage to say.
	I know, I know.  Its gross but if we just pretend its someone else we could get through it, he said.
	Franklin Andrew Meyers, you are talking about fucking your own mother! She yelled.
	 I dont see any other options.  Do you? He yelled back.
	Go to your room, she said.
	What? He asked in confusion.
	I said go to your room.  While you live in my house youll live by my rules.  You broke the rules and now youre going to suffer the consequences.
	Frankie rolled his eyes and said, Whatever.
	He stormed down the hall to the stairs.  Linda stood there waiting until she heard the slam of his door.  She went into the kitchen and pulled her wine out of the fridge.  She pulled the cork free and, without even bothering to get a glass, she took a long drink from the bottle.
	This had to be the stupidest stunt hed ever pulled.  How the hell had he let that son-of-a-bitch Chris talk him into something like this?  Doing something that nasty wasnt worth any amount of money.
	She took another pull from the bottle and looked at the counter on the other side of the kitchen.  The same counter her mother had made her peanut butter and jelly sandwiches every day after school.  She looked out into the dining room at the table that had held all of her birthday cakes when shed been growing up.
	She was going to lose it all.
	Tears slipped down her cheeks and she leaned against the refrigerator and slid down to the floor.  Why did this have to happen?  Why did her asshole ex have to screw her over so bad?  Why did Frankie have to come up with a plan and it to be such a horrible one?
	If it was her just screwing some guy shed sign up in a second but she just couldnt do something like that with her son.  No matter how cute her neighbor, Terri, said Frankie was, he was still her son.
	She remembered last week when shed been standing outside talking to Terri while Frankie mowed the lawn.  Terri had been practically drooling over him.  Linda had looked and shed had to admit, unlike his father, her son had a very athletic body.  His strong arms and rock hard stomach had made her a little flustered at the time.
	Thinking back to how good his sweaty body had looked in just his shorts and shoes, she wondered if the rest of him looked as good.
	She shook her head and took another long drink of wine, trying to force that thought out of her head but it wouldnt leave.  It had been so long since shed been with a man.  Her ex had been cheating on her for almost a year and, during that year, he hadnt touched her once.  Wouldnt it feel good to have a man again?  A man to fill her up and make her feel like a woman again.
	She drained the last of her wine and stood up.  She dropped her wine bottle in the trash and went up to her room.  She passed Frankies room on the way to hers and her thoughts turned back to what hed said.
	It would be a one-time thing and then all of the bills would be gone.  They could put it behind them if they tried hard enough.
	She couldnt believe she was actually thinking about it.  She went into her room and closed the door.  She threw herself on the bed, trying to think about anything else but she couldnt.  For the next several, sleepless hours all she could think about was how wet she was from thinking about her son having sex with her.


*****



	The next morning, Frankie got up, got ready and was headed out of the house when his mother called him into the front room.
	With a long, exasperated sigh, he walked over to the chair and threw himself into it.
	What? He asked.
	Linda took a deep breath and said, I thought about what you proposed last night and I think youre right.  I think it can fix our problems.
	Frankie stared at her, his jaw hanging open.  Hed been sure he was about to get another lecture.  This was about as far away from that as he could have imagined.
	There are some things we have to talk about first though, Linda said, forging ahead before she could lose her nerve.  First, once this is done we are not talking about it ever again.  Second, I have to have the money in the bank before I do anything.  Third, nobody, and I fucking mean NOBODY, is to ever know about this.  Okay?
	Frankie could only manage to nod.  He couldnt believe this was happening.  Hed set it up and everything but, now that shed said it was happening, he was freaking out a little.  It meant theyd really be having sex and now he wasnt sure he could go through with it.
	Call your friend and get it all set up, Linda said.
	Frankie got up on shaky legs and went to the phone.  He called Chris and let him know that it was on.  After agreeing to the terms, Chris said they could stop by any time and get the check.
	Linda sent her son since she could not face his bastard friend.  
	It took three days for the check to clear and, when it did, Frankie and Linda showed up at Chriss studio.
	He showed them into the bedroom hed be filming them in.  He pointed to the cameras he had arranged around the room and said, Dont worry about angles or anything like that.  Just go with the flow and I can edit it in post-production.
	So you wont be in the room? Linda asked.
	Nope.  Im behind the wall looking at this on monitors.  It makes it a little easier, he said.
	Linda snorted a humorless laugh.
	Yeah.  Easier.
	Mom, Frankie said, trying to keep an already tense situation from exploding.
	Chris, knowing he needed to be somewhere else, said, Ill get out of your way.  Take your time, theres no rush or pressure.
	When he left the room, Linda said, No pressure except us losing everything we own while hes not risking a thing.
	Mom, please stop, Frankie said.
	Linda walked over to the end of the bed and sat down.  Shed worked herself up to do this and, now that they were here, it was all she could do to keep from running out of the room.  
	Frankie sat down next to her and the two sat in a strange, uncomfortable silence for a long time before Frankie said, So maybe this wasnt such a good idea after all.
	Linda laughed and asked, Ya think?
	Nah, thinking is not one of my strong suits.
	Linda laughed harder and leaned against her son.  She rested her head on his shoulder and took his hand.  He was a good son.  Hed do anything, even something like this, to take care of her.  He was such a caring man and any woman who got to be with him would be luckier for it.
	She leaned away and took a long look at him.  
	Seeing the way she was looking at him, Frankie asked, What is it?
	Linda didnt speak.  She leaned in close to him and touched her lips to his.  He jumped and nearly pulled away but she reached up and pulled him close.  Their lips lingered together for a long time before she pulled back and looked into his eyes.
	This would be hard for them afterwards but he had been right.  Deep down, she had to admit she couldnt stand the thought of losing everything.  It would kill her.  What happened here might hurt them for a while but they could survive it.  Together they could survive anything.
	She leaned in again and kissed her son.  This time he didnt try to pull back.  He put his arms around her and pulled her close.
	Linda folded herself into her son and reveled in the feel of his strong arms around her.  She felt safe and secure in his embrace.
	She parted her lips and flicked her tongue against his lips.  Frankie opened his mouth and let his mothers tongue slide against his.  They kissed deeply, Linda running her hands across her sons strong chest.
	She pulled back and tugged at his shirt.  Frankie lifted his arms and she pulled his shirt off.  She ran her fingers across the hard muscles of his chest and stomach.  She leaned in and kissed his chest, flicking her tongue against his nipple and making him hiss with pleasure.
	Frankie grabbed her long, blonde hair and pulled her away from his chest.  He pressed his mouth hard against hers, kissing her passionately.
	Linda moaned at the kiss.  It had been so long since a man had kissed her like this.  She never wanted it to end.
	As Frankie kissed her, he reached out and began to unbutton his mothers blouse.  His hands shook and it took him more than one try but he finally got it unbuttoned.
	Linda leaned back and shrugged out of her blouse.  
	Frankie stared at the lacy, black bra that his mother was wearing and realized that it was the only thing left between him and her beautiful breasts.
	Seeing how hard her son was looking at her chest made Linda hotter.  She reached behind herself and unclasped her bra.  Frankies eyes went wide as he watched her hold the cups against her breasts as she slipped her arms free of the straps.  She held the bra against herself, teasing him, making him want it even more.
	It was all Frankie could do to not tear the bra from her hands.  When she let it go and it slipped down, exposing her breasts, Frankie gasped.  Her dark, hard nipples stuck out from her round, perky breasts almost begging for his touch.
	He reached a tentative hand out and let his fingers graze her breast.
	Linda moaned at the soft touch of her sons hand on her.  He cupped his hands on her breasts and squeezed, making her moan again.  His fingers trailed little circles around her nipples until he took them between his fingers and pinched.  Linda threw back her head and let out a long moan of pleasure.  Frankie grinned at how much she was enjoying his touch.
	Seeing his grin, Linda grabbed his hands and stopped him.
	Stand up, she said.
	He did as she asked and she slid off the bed and knelt in front of him.  She slid her hands up his thighs and onto the hard lump under his pants.  He groaned and his knees wobbled as she rubbed him.  Linda leaned forward and pressed her face against the hardness in his pants.  She rubbed her face against it, listening to the sounds of pleasure he made at her touch.
	She pulled back and reached up to unfasten his pants.  Grabbing both his pants and his boxers, she pulled his clothes down, leaving his hard cock exposed.  
	Linda stared at her sons hard cock.  It was bigger and thicker than her husbands had been and very soon shed have it inside her.  She licked her lips at the thought of that.
	Seeing his mothers face just inches from his cock and watching her lick her lips sent shivers through Frankie.  When she reached up and wrapped her fingers around his cock he almost fell over the feeling was so intense.
	Linda stroked her sons cock up and down.  She watched as the first drip of his precum began to dribble out of him.  She leaned forward and licked it off of him, tasting his first drop.
	Frankie groaned and grabbed his mothers hair.  He pulled her face towards his hard cock, needing to have it inside her.
	Linda opened her mouth and slid her sons cock between her lips.  She rubbed her tongue against the bottom of his cock as she slid him in and out of her mouth.
	Frankie gripped her hair and pulled away from her.  If he let her continue doing that hed cum far too soon.  He looked down and saw a pouty look pass across her face and it made him want her even more.
	Take off your clothes, he said, stepping out of his shoes and pants.
	Linda stood up and kicked her shoes off.  She undid her pants and slid them down, bending over and giving Frankie a long look at her ass.  Shed been worried about wearing a thong today but now she was glad she had.
	Frankie stared at the smooth, round curves of his mothers ass.  Her skin was perfect and he had to touch it.  He stepped forward and grabbed her ass with both hands, making her gasp.  He pulled her against his body, feeling his cock rub against her ass cheeks.  He slid his hand around her and slipped his fingers under her thong.  He felt the heat and wetness from her excitement against his fingers as he explored her.
	Linda bit her lip to keep from crying out as her sons fingers brushed her swollen clit.  He rubbed it slowly, brushing gently against it.  Some part of her wondered what girl had taught him how to do this the right way.  His fingers brushed her clit again and any thoughts she had were pushed out of her head by a wave of pleasure.
	Frankie kissed his mothers shoulder and then her neck, nibbling at the sensitive skin of her neck making her moan again and again.  She rubbed her ass against his hard cock and it made he need her even more.  
	He pulled back and, grabbing her thong, slipped it down her legs.  She stepped out of it and, as Frankie rose, he spanked her ass hard.
	Linda yelped from the spank and then looked over her shoulder with a mischievous grin on her face.  
	Spank me, baby.  Im a bad girl! She said in a sultry voice.
	Frankie spanked her again and Linda cried out, Harder!
	He spanked her again and Linda screamed as she turned around and threw herself into her sons arms.  She pressed her body against his, feeling the heat of him.  She pressed her mouth to his and their tongues writhed together.  Frankie ground himself against his mother, feeling his hard cock rubbing the bare skin of her stomach as they kissed.
	Linda broke the kiss and sat on the bed.  She slid back and lay down, looking at her son through her spread legs.
	Frankie climbed onto the bed and between his mothers legs.  He positioned himself above her, his cock just inches from her waiting pussy.  He slowly lowered himself onto her, feeling the soft skin of her pussy lips touch the head of his cock.  He pressed forward, slipping between her pussy lips, the head of his cock sliding fully into her.
	Linda let out a long moan and gripped her sons shoulders.  She felt him sliding deeper and deeper into her making every nerve in her body scream with pleasure.  He pushed the length of his hard cock into her and she shuddered from how good it felt.
	Frankie bent down and pressed his lips to hers.  The two kissed deeply as he slowly slid his cock in and out of her pussy.
	Frankie pulled back from the kiss and looked down at this wonderful woman under him.  He looked at her in a way hed never imagined, as a beautiful lover he was lucky to have in his life.  His eyes absorbed every inch of her.  He wanted to never forget this moment for as long as he lived.
	Linda gripped his arms and said, Stop.  I want to be on top.
	Frankie pulled out of her and lay down on his back.  Linda straddled him and slowly lowered herself onto his hard cock.  She slid up and down it, taking pleasure in how good it felt inside her.
	Frankie looked up at his mother as she began to gyrate her hips, sliding his cock in and out of her wet pussy.  She slid her hands up to her breasts and squeezed them.  She took her nipples between her fingers and squeezed them, letting out a long moan of pleasure.  Frankies cock twitched at the sight of his mother playing with her hard nipples.
	Linda slipped one hand down between her legs.  While she rode her sons hard cock, she rubbed her swollen clit.  As the intense feeling of pleasure grew inside her, she rubbed just a shade harder as she rode her son even faster.  Her entire body began to tremble as she ground her hips against his, pushing his cock as deep into herself as she could.  She looked down and saw the look on his face as he watched her ride him and rub herself and she felt something let go inside her.
	She threw back her head and cried out in ecstasy.  Seeing her in the throes of her orgasm, Frankie grabbed her hips and ground himself against her, rubbing his cock deep inside her.  
	Lindas orgasm seemed to take control of her.  She couldnt breathe, she couldnt see, she couldnt even think.  All she could do was hold on and let the wave of bliss wash over her. As the orgasm released its hold on her, Linda collapsed onto her sons chest.
	Frankie wrapped his arms around his mother and kept sliding his cock in and out of her.  He felt the first tingling of his own orgasm as he whispered, Mom, Im close.  How are we going to finish?
	Linda lifted herself up and gave him a wicked grin.  
	Were going to put on a show, she whispered.
	She slid off of him and onto the floor.  She made Frankie sit on the edge of the bed with his legs spread.  Linda took his cock, still slick with the juices from her pussy, in her hand and began to stroke him.
	Frankie stared at his mother in amazement.  None of his girlfriends had ever wanted to touch his cock after it had been in their pussy.  Then she blew his mind by leaning forward and licking the length of his shaft.
	Linda licked her sons cock up and down, tasting her juices and becoming more aroused with each delicious taste.  When her husband and she had been in college theyd had more than one three-way with another woman and Linda had always been turned on by a womans wetness.  When her husband found out her own juices turned her on hed made her suck him off after hed been inside her and she hadnt minded one bit.
	Now she grasped the base of her sons cock and took as much into her mouth as she could.  She bobbed her head up and down, faster and faster, making Frankie moan louder and louder until he yelled, Im gonna cum!
	She pulled his cock out of her mouth and stroked him as his cock shuddered in her hand.  His first load of cum exploded out of him and splashed on her neck and the tops of her breasts.  She kept stroking, milking ever drop of cum out of him.
	When he was spent she leaned forward and licked the last drop from the tip of his cock.  She sat back and looked up at him.  He was panting, trying to catch his breath and staring at her with a look only a teenage male can have after sex.
	She ran her fingers through the cum hed splashed on her breasts.  She rubbed a drop off of the tip of her nipple and brought it to her mouth.  Slowly, she licked her sons cum from her fingers, nearly giggling at the way his jaw went slack at the sight.
	She stood up and looked around the room.
	Okay, you fucker, wheres the shower? She shouted.
	An intercom clicked and Chris said, Come out of the room, go right and its the third door on the left.
	Linda picked up her clothes and started towards the door but stopped.  She turned and looked at her son.  He looked so beautiful to her.  He had been a wonderful boy and he was now a wonderful man and lover.  She walked over to him and kissed him deeply before she turned and left the room.


*****


	The next three weeks were hard for both of them.  Theyd agreed not to talk about what had happened and they didnt.  They had fights about the stupidest things and the house became a battlefield.
	Linda had showered and gone downstairs for a glass of wine.  She was heading back to her room when she stopped at her sons closed door.  She stared at it for a long time before she knocked.
	Come in, Frankie shouted.
	She opened the door and stood in the doorway looking in at him.  He was sitting on his bed, laptop in his lap, looking over at her.
	Hey, she said.
	Hey, he said back.
	Things havent been easy lately and Im sorry, she said.
	A wave of guilt washed over Frankie.  Hed been a dick lately and he knew it.  
	Im sorry too, he said.
	Do you want to talk about things? She asked.
	He looked at her for a long time before he admitted, Its all Ive wanted to do.
	She gave him a nervous laugh and said, Me too.
	So How do we do this? He asked.
	Linda thought about it for a long time before she could bring herself to say the words shed been thinking.
	I want you to spend the night in my room, she said, barely above a whisper.
	Frankie couldnt believe what shed said.  It was the only thing hed wanted to hear her say for week and, finally, shed said it.  He stood up and walked over to her, taking her hand in his.
	Linda smiled up at her son and, she had to admit, her lover.  She gripped his hand tightly as she led him down the hall to her bed.
