From: SubmissivePet
To: Master
Subject: Today

   Hi,

   So I was naughty today, slept all day after you told me I should try to
stay up.  When I woke up I started thinking of ways you could punish me.  I have been in a constant state of arousal all day, it's quite funny
actually.

   This is rather elaborate but hey, why not?  I have vivid imagination.  I
have never written anything like this before so I hope it is to your
liking. I am sure with time my storytelling skills will get better.

   The main scenario I have been imagining, you come home and you catch me being disobedient, you wake me, tell me I am a lazy pet and a
disappointment.  I am already wearing nothing but tiny, black lace panties. You are dressed in your work clothes.

   You order me to put on my collar and make me crawl to the basement where we have set up a play area.  Since I was naughty you are harsh with me, order me put on leather manacles which hook up to the ceiling, you know I don't like what comes next but I know I deserve it.  I beg you not to but deep down I want you to do it.  Your commands are short and to the point, I obey every one of them.

   You order me to stand on a chair, I obey.  You order me to hook my
manacles to the beam that runs along the ceiling which is there exactly for this purpose and you take away the chair so I am suspended in mid air with my arms raised and together, my legs free and kicking.

   You order me to stop kicking but I can't help myself, it is such an
uncomfortable position.  You tell me I am being bad, that you must punish me more, you go and get the whip.

   I hear the whip before I feel it striking my bare back, it stings but it
makes me so wet.  I whimper and you whip me until I stop kicking, it takes a while.  When I am still and quiet you ask me if I have learnt my lesson. I say "yes, thank you Master for teaching me, for making me a better pet".

   You stand close to me, help support my body so I can unhook myself, I
slide in to your strong arms.  I get on my knees and ask you for permission to suck your cock, I can see that you are so hard.  You make me beg, you are unsure if such a naughty pet is worthy.  Eventually you allow me to undo your trousers and take you in my mouth.  My body is sore but I am so turned on, I want to so badly, I beg you to fuck me.

   You half carry me to the wall, I am shaking with desire for you and as a
consequence of your punishment.  You press me against the wall, I take off the rest of your clothes.  You rip my panties off and kiss me deeply, the cool wall feels nice against my sore back.  I wrap my legs around you while you kiss me and play with my breasts, and then you enter me.  I moan, you feel so good and I want you so badly.

   You kiss me as you thrust deep inside me, gently at first then faster
and faster until we both cum together.  I whisper "thank you"

   Eventually we collect ourselves and go back upstairs, where life
continues as usual.

From: SubmissivePet
To: Master
Subject: The Kitchen

I am in the kitchen cooking dinner when you get home from work, you seem a bit stressed.  You tell me you had a rough day and that what is to happen is not a punishment, simply a release for you.  I am happy to serve as your stress relief.

   As usual I am wearing a pencil skirt and a button down shirt, I know you like me dressed in this way because it gives you easy access to my body.

   You order me to stop what I am doing and crawl to the living room where you are sitting on a couch.  I am wearing my collar as is the custom when I am home.

   You stand up and take my shirt off, I am wearing a red lace bra.  You
tie my hands behind my back with a rope that connects to my collar, if I
move my arms too much it kind of chokes me a little.

   You sit back down and tell me to assume the position on your lap with my bum in the air.  You pull my skirt up and spank me hard.  I have on a red lace garter that is a match to the bra and black stockings but no panties today because that is what you told me to wear this morning.

   I whimper while you spank me hard, over and over until my bum is red and you can see your hand prints on it.  I am incredibly wet and want you so badly, you know this to be the case so you tease me.

   You stroke my shaven pussy with your fingers, teasing me.  I feel you
enter me with your fingers and I moan, it feel so good.  You explore every
part of me, pushing your fingers in my pussy and my ass and I am so close to coming but you inform me that I am not allowed.  This only makes me want to more but I hold back because you have not given me permission.

   I can feel that you are hard, you tell me to stand up and walk to the
table where you bend me over and hike up my skirt.  I hear you unzip your pants and before I know it you start fucking me from behind.  I want to come so bad but you warn me once again that I am not allowed.  Holding off is very difficult but I do because I know I must obey you.

   You pull out and I fell you rub the head of your dick on my ass, then
you push in.  It hurts a bit but I love the pain.  I feel you enter me
completely, filling me and I cry out while you fuck me hard.

   As you fuck me you pull on the rope that stretches between my arms and my collar, choking me a little.

   "Please Master, please" I beg you over and over until at last you give
me permission and I come so hard it feels like dying while I feel you
coming inside me as well.

   You collapse on top of me, still inside me and you kiss my back and my
neck very gently.  I am completely spent , all I can say is "thank you".

From: SubmissivePet
To: Master
Subject: Date night

   Today you want to take me out in public, you choose an outfit that makes me aware of your control over me while concealing the nature of our relationship to others.  For this purpose you order me to put on a stiff, steel boned corset that you tightly lace to the point that I have
difficulty breathing and no panties so I may be easily available to you at
any time.

   You choose a blue silk dress for me to wear that is soft and flowing, a
sharp contrast with the torture of the undergarment you have chosen.  My outfit is completed by a pair of impossibly high black heels and two silver cuff bracelets (one one each arm) which have your initials embossed on the inside so that they leave an impression against my skin when I wear them. This is yet another secret reminder that I am your property.

   We go to a crowded restaurant, you order for me because you know so much better than myself what I like.  I sit perfectly straight next to you,
since my corset will not allow any other alternative.  While we wait for
our food you slowly slide your hand up my skirt and play with my pussy
which is so wet with the idea of doing this in public.

   The tablecloth hides what you are doing but I am having difficulty
keeping my composure as you bring me closer and closer to climax.  "Don't you dare" you whisper and I know if I let go I will be severely punished later so I hold off.

   You order me to slide under the table and take you in my mouth, and to
be discreet.  I have a difficult time with my attire but I manage, no
matter how careful I am some of the people sitting at the tables around us are very much aware of what is going on.

   I hear you talking to the waiter while I play with your cock, my tongue
sliding softly over your balls and up and down your shaft in circles.  I
kiss the tip of your powerful cock and I take it slowly in my mouth while
delicately stroking your balls with my fingers.  The waiter wants to know
if the wine is to our liking, you answer him with perfect calm and he goes
away.

   I suck your cock slowly then faster and faster until you come in my
mouth, I swallow every precious drop and am so grateful that you allow me to pleasure you this way.

   I manage to slide back up to my seat before our meal arrives.  The
people seated around us give us dirty looks but no one dares say anything, I am incredibly turned on but dinner arrives and you order me to focus on my food and settle down.  I do my best to obey but it is very difficult.

   After dinner you surprise me with tickets to the opera, you know it is
something I love very much and I am so happy to have such a loving,
considerate owner.  We arrive at the theatre, our seats are in a private
box that overlooks most of the theatre, we are watching Salome.

   During the course of the opera you kiss and fondle me, play with my
pussy so that when the performance nears its end I am nearly mad with
desire, I want you so badly.  At this time the dance of the seven veils
begins on stage, you allow me to unzip your pants and play with your cock.

   You order me to straddle you facing away from you so we may both see the dance and the audience below.  You fuck me hard and deep, your hands around my waist, squeezing the corset even harder in to my flesh, my back perfectly straight and in agony from the corset and we both climax as Salome finishes her dance and lies naked before Herod.

   I stand up and turn around to kiss you, so distracted am I by you that I
almost miss the horror of the final scene of the performance; but I do see
and I am socked.  You smile at me, you love that I can still be shocked by
such things, you take off one of my silver bracelets and look at the mark
it has left on my soft flesh, you kiss it tenderly and at this moment I
feel complete devotion to you.

From: SubmissivePet
To: Master
Subject: Sunday

   It is a quiet sunday afternoon, I am in the kitchen doing the dishes
wearing a pair of black heels, a leather waist cincher and my collar with
it's heavy padlock while I do household duties.  Today you have also
ordered me to do the housework while using a 5 inch butt plug because you want to train me so you may be able to enter me on demand without having to go through so much trouble.

   It is three in the afternoon and I have been so attired for a couple of
hours.  I finish with the dishes, my last chore of the day and I crawl to
the living room where you are sitting on the couch reading a book.

   You don't look up from your book as you tell me you are pleased with the way I have cleaned the house but that you have found something in the garden which tells you that I have been a very, very, naughty and
disobedient pet.  You order me to open the drawer on the side table next to the couch where I see the cigarette butt I tried to hide in the garden a
few days before.

   I know I will be severely punished, for you gave me a standing order
that I was not to smoke anymore.  "You know what you have to do?" you ask me, and I do.  I crawl to the closet and get the paddle, pick it up with my mouth and bring it to you.

   You put the book down and tell me to stay as I am, on all fours.  You
take the paddle and smack my ass with it, hard.  You do this over and over, while I whimper at every blow, the paddle making a satisfying whacking sound against my flesh.  Every blow pushing the butt plug in to me, making me wet even as I whimper in pain.

   When you finally stop I am sure that I will not be able to sit
comfortably for at least a week, as you warned would be the case if you
caught me smoking again.  However you are not quite done with me yet.

   You tell me to get the leash, I crawl to the closet and bring it to you,
you attach it to my collar and use it to yank me hard towards the bedroom. I the bedroom you order me to strip and you use rough ropes to tightly tie me to the four poster bed facing up.  The ropes will certainly leave marks.


   You tell me you are very disappointed that I have decided to disobey a
direct order like that and that I must be punished accordingly.  My ass
still burns from the severe paddling you gave me so lying on my back is
agony, I squirm a little in my ropes and you order me to stop, I do so
immediately.

   You walk over to our dresser and get a candle, you light the wick and
watch as the wax starts to melt.  You bring the candle dangerously close to my flesh and let the hot wax drip all over my breasts and my pussy, each drop burning a little and making me more and more turned on with each passing moment.

   You get the nipple clamps from the side table and attach them to me,
this sends waves of pleasure through my body.  The mix of pleasure and pain is too much and I cry out, you smile and you use your fingers to play with my pussy.

   You kiss me deeply while still teasing me with your fingers and I moan,
but you tell me I am not allowed to come.  You move your way slowly down my body, kissing my neck and my chest, tracing the wax drippings with your tongue and pulling at the chain between the nipple clamps with one hand while still using the other to finger me.

   I am squirming with pleasure but you remind me I am not allowed to
climax.  Before I know it I feel your warm lips on my perfectly waxed
pussy, you tongue drawing circles around my clitoris and making me feel
like I will go mad with pleasure but again you remind me, I am not allowed to let go.  It takes every ounce of restraint that I have to stop myself as you continue to go down on me and pull on the nipple clamps hard.

   At last you stop playing with me and you fuck me hard, you cock
competing for space inside of me with that huge butt plug in my ass.  I
feel my body stretch to accommodate you and the plug and it is incredibly
pleasurable as you fuck me hard and rough while pulling my hair.

   At last you allow me to come ad I do, in a huge wave of pleasure that
brings tears to my eyes.  I feel you come inside me, filling me with your
warmth and you collapse on top of me.

   You untie my hands and I hold you in my arms and I play with your hair
and feel deeply calm and grateful that I am your pet.

From: SubmissivePet
To: Master
Subject: After work

I get home from work early, the first thing I do when I walk in the door
is put on my collar because that is one of your orders.  I then busy myself
tidying up and making dinner while I wait for you to get home from work, I also have inside me a rather large butt plug that you have ordered me to use all day.  I can feel it's hardness as I go around cleaning and
preparing our meal, just as I felt it all day at work, a constant, physical 
reminder of your power over me.

   At last you come home, I greet you with a kiss and ask if you are
hungry, you tell me you want something else first.  You order me to crawl
to the bedroom and strip down to my underwear.

   Today I am wearing a white mesh thong over a white mesh garter belt with flesh colored fishnets and a white half cup bra that makes my huge breasts look as if they are spilling out, exactly what you picked for me this morning.  You take some rope from our "toy" chest and order me to stand on my tiptoes with my arms together and touching the top of one of the posts of our bed.

   You tie my arms to the post and loosen my hair which was in a bun, it
cascades down my back reaching almost all the way to my ass.  You tell me you have been thinking about this all day and that it is simply for your
pleasure, it makes me happy to be able to please you in any way.

   You take the cat o' nine tails whip from our chest and you begin to
slowly, softly flog my ass.  "Please Master, do it harder" I beg, you flog
me harder and faster.  I hear the soft whoosh of the braids of the whip in
the air and hard slapping sounds as they hit my flesh and I wince, you are
giving me quite the flogging.  I whimper from the pain and the pleasure
"please, please, please" I whisper over and over but I no longer know if I
am asking you to do it harder or to stop.

   I squirm around as you flog me, standing on my toes and pulling slightly on the rope which you have made very tight around my wrists.  You give me 15 more lashes and then you stop, my ass is now covered in thick, red welts and is very tender.  You rip my thong off, causing waves of pain and pleasure to go through my body.

   You see that I am still wearing the plug and it pleases you.  You grab
my ass with your hands and kiss some of the welts softly, causing me yet
more pain but I love it.  I moan, I want you so badly.  You take out the
plug and you replace it with your thick, hard cock and I cry out in
pleasure.

   You grab my breasts and pinch my nipples while you fuck my ass hard and fast, I struggle to keep my balance while you do this and it causes me so much pleasure and pain that I feel I might swoon.  "come for me my pet" you whisper in my ear and I do, crying out your name while I feel you climax inside of me, filling me with your hot cum.

   At last you untie me and I collapse in your arms, my legs shaking from
the force of my orgasm and your treatment of me.  You hold me and you kiss me tenderly, there are no words to describe what I feel for you but I am in such peace, so happy and grateful that I have the privilege of belonging only to you.
