films about ghosts

Family
Born to Run
Sam felt love in the back of the Impala with Dad's old fashioned rock blaring out, never as agressive as Dean's but heavy, hearty, sexy none the less. Yet when he heard it he was always five years old again. Sometimes he welcomed it, sometimes not.

Azazel
Time is on my side
The demon had all of eternity to make his decision, to choose. Of course it would be the Campbells, they’d thwarted him once, that was enough.

The inevitability of corruption
The Sound of Silence
They stared into the abyss everyday, surely when it looked back it left a little trace of itself, in the shadows between buildings, in the fading warmth of a brother’s touch on his shoulder. Sam knew that if he clung to Dean, if he never let go, the abyss would never have him.

Dean
Dakota
Lying in a field with a bottle of cheap hooch, gum and shooting the breeze. Funny that this was the best way to make Sam happy, listening to the wet chewing of his brother as they watched the stars overhead, and he was Sammy, and he was loved, and he was the most important thing in the universe, and lying like that amidst the grain, he felt it.

Castiel
Inner Universe
Alien, foreign, unusual, twisted, envious, cold, calm, ineffable, divine. Aeria Gloris.

Dean is saved, again, by the angel.
Damn Sam (I love a woman that rains)
He’s just there, Dean said, he’s like a hurricane, a comet, but he's a dick and Sam knew that last bit is a coda, an addendum added just for him, because he saw the way that Dean looked at the angel, and the way that the angel looked back.

The inevitability of corruption
Pet
The abyss wasn't such a bad place, Sam thought, as he watched Dean sleep, as he ran the very tips of his fingers over the curve of Dean’s jaw. When the nightmare threatened he leant in and with a whispery breath said, “go back to sleep.”

Ruby
Minerva
Dark haired now, petite, a high school musical doll with a dirty mouth and violent eyes. “God bless you," she sneered as he fucked her. And then she laughed.

Adam
For the Restless
Stupid boy, dead meat walking, and Dean was jealous, which just made it more delicious. He had no idea what lurked under his bed, literally. A quick cigarette against the side of the truck to hide the smell of blood on his breath, just waiting for Dean to say something, anything. He never did.

Memories of Jessica
Long way Down
Jessica had been sweet like cookies and when Sam missed it it was with an ache like he had been kicked. But she was gone, and he almost enjoyed these moments, it reminded him that he’d been a fool.

To want, to need, to take
Sleep to Dream
Dean offered it up to anyone who’d take it, girls, boys, fucking angels. Yet he never saw the way that Sam stared at him. The siren had made it all so clear. Dean didn’t want a woman, he didn't want a perfect life, he wanted his brother and he would get him.

The sweetness of the dark
Sex on fire
Sam lay next to Dean on the bed, pretending to sleep. Dean still wore his jeans, Sam in his boxer shorts as he gripped the pillow tight, clenched his teeth and rubbed his erection against the back of his brother’s thigh. He was asleep, Dean would tell himself in the morning as Sam’s ragged breaths sucked him in and held him there, and Dean wouldn't talk about it.

Coda
Me vs you
Memories were films about ghosts, about the death of someone you were only a moment ago. Romantic films, tragic films, porn films, Sam thinks as he strokes himself, remembering the feel of Dean’s mouth when he kissed him, pinned him to the wall with his thigh between Dean's, and the taste of him, right before Dean punched him and walked away.