19. – Residue

Berlin.

Once my favorite city.

Now a place of empty memories and ghosts.

What I had known as West Berlin lay before me, East behind. I stood before the shattered wall and fought down a profound surge of homesickness. Though I had not been born here, it was here I had come of age, and now everything has changed.

I have changed.

Ironic, the timing of such things. As nearly all of Esset had focused on the reunification of Germany, a tiny drama had unfolded in its darkest facility, unchecked and irrevocable. A frown creased my brow as I wondered sharply whether it had, indeed, been only irony or, instead, a carefully staged coup.

In either case, if I could erase that month from my life I would do so without hesitation.

I swallowed down the bitter memory, consigned what remained of my conscience to its care. Like the Berlin Wall, my soul lay shattered, the remnants serving only as memorials to the past.

Memories and ghosts, indeed.

My feet carried me toward once-familiar streets, the early-morning sunlight mocking my sorrow as church bells began to ring. Sunday tourists had yet to flock to the boulevards; for a moment I felt as though I had the world to myself.

I dared wish in that moment that I might become forgotten to the world and to myself and become one with the city, as I had done so long ago.

Once, when the city had been mine, I would stay at a youth hostel or rent a room at a cheap motel, or sleep in my car for fear of discovery. I had spent my money and sold my flesh all for a few minutes of normalcy among the madness that was my life. The seediest gay bars were my refuge, and my cage.

At one such bar I had met for the second time the man who would become my best friend in all the world.

Had he been the loose link all along?

I caught myself before saying his trademark “bloody hell” and smiled bitterly. Would he have come here too, to recapture some lost moment in time? Doubtful. Shelton Grant had always been one of the most rational men I’d ever known, in spite of Esset. He would not come here because Berlin was not his city.

It had been mine, and now I felt like an orphan.

Last night I had checked in at an upscale hotel, one with a spa and numerous amenities. I hated it, not because of Vandemeer’s generous offer but because it simply did not suit me. I longed for the rawness, the realness I had left behind in this city of duality, not some over-civilized façade.

Berlin mirrored me too well.

I wandered through the Sunday crowds, wasting time. Strangers ignored me in that polite way one reserved for college professors and other oddities, the middle-aged men who did not seem to belong anywhere. At forty, I felt utterly used-up. No wonder people gave me that tiny non-smile as I passed: I was lost, and they knew it.

Shopping didn’t take long. Old habit moved me to buy fresh clothes for the bar scene, though I really didn’t expect to fit in. As I made my way back to the hotel with my packages, I wondered if I would even dare to venture out to the bars. And if I did venture out, what might I find there? Hope refused to abandon me entirely on that score, and I found myself awaiting nightfall with a nerve-wracking mix of anticipation and dread.

My second night in Berlin found me holed up in my hotel room, feasting on beer and sandwiches and watching horror movies on pay-per-view while my club gear and ambitions languished in the closet.

On Monday, dressed in new jeans and old shoes, new shirt and old sunglasses, I toured the city that remained so damnably familiar to me. Careful not to touch anything I did not absolutely need to touch, I made my way without gloves, though I carried a handkerchief in my pocket just in case the contact became too much.

Within a few hours my tolerance had been reached, my nerves screaming for quiet as the echoes of a hundred years sang through my fingertips. The slats of the park bench pressed against my spine as I leaned back against it, seeking comfort from the wood as my hands slowly stopped trembling. Reckless again, and stupid for being so; yet I found the pain so very comforting. Simple human existence, even in a city as complex as Berlin, served to remind me that Esset was not the only force in the world, a reminder that I sorely needed these days.

It also reminded me that my hidden gift did not diminish with disuse but rather grew more wild for lack of taming. I used to come here regularly, to Berlin, and I would eventually leave the gloves behind as I explored my own limits. The last time had been… I frowned, calculating. It had been nearly thirteen years, now.

Thirteen years of solitude, of longing for the impossible.

I closed my eyes behind my sunglasses, the glare of the past harsher than the sun. Instead of risking my own safety, I had destroyed Bradley’s, taking my pleasure with him as I wished. A part of me knew that I had hurt him, that I had betrayed all trust and given him not love but anguish.

Another part insisted that this was exaggeration, that there had truly been desire in his eyes.

This was the part of me that I feared, the part I instinctively knew was beyond mad. In daylight, in the fresh air of anyplace not Rosenkreuz, I could see it and know it for what it was: delusion. But delusion fed upon the darkness of Esset, thriving in the soulless void of Rosenkreuz and devouring all that fell before it. Without these sojourns beyond those walls I had spiraled further into the madness and lost sight of the ladder back out. Today I felt clear enough to dread my return.

I could still request transfer, to the Berlin facility or – no, not Prague. That door had been closed a long time ago. Copenhagen, perhaps?

But that would leave the hunt for Brad Crawford in the hands of strangers.

I fought down the impulse that shouted MY Bradley! and looked at it quite objectively for a moment. Yes, I still regarded him as mine, but in what context? My discovery? My protégé? My love?

My destiny?

Infuriating logic pointed out that he had clearly loved another, and my claim to him was pure vanity. My heart felt leaden as the truth sank in, revisited after so many years. Bradley did not love me. He never had.

That didn’t change what I felt towards him. I would forgive him anything, if he would only – but no, that was the voice of madness again.

It suddenly occurred to me that I would have to choose between Bradley and my own sanity, if either could truly be salvaged at this point. Outside of Rosenkreuz it all seemed so obvious; was the place genuinely haunted, then, to keep it a haven for the damned?

Did it matter?

I took a deep breath, really tasting the air of freedom for the first time in over a decade. For the first time since…since Berlin saw its last days of duality. My eyes stung; I tugged off my sunglasses and wiped at my face. The price of cowardice is eternal flight, even after the enemy is long since gone. In this case, my enemy was now myself, taking up the lash after other hands had left it behind. I was truly driving myself mad, and I knew no way to stop it.

Before I could draw attention to myself, I replaced my glasses and rose to my feet. The path led me through the park, where late summer held court in lush colors and rich fragrances. I urged my senses to relax, pausing to touch a flower here, a tree branch there. The worries I carried would just have to wait; I refused to wallow in them any longer today. Today, there was beauty, and stillness.

I would contemplate those other things later, in the company of my revolver.

A profound calm came over me and I knew that this was right. I should enjoy the day, the week, even, and decide my future at the end of that time. Many others had been forced to choose between Rosenkreuz and death – even Bradley had faced that choice, spared by the fickleness of luck. I would not speculate on my own outcome, for that would taint the moment.

[“Past is past, the future uncertain. You have no time but now.”]

My lips curled in a sad smile as my fingers snagged on a rose bush, tearing skin. The words had been a mantra, a shield, pulled from an unwilling mind to take up lodging in my own. Sheer pathos, that they described my own life and Bradley’s in such honest terms.

Lifting my wounded fingers to my lips, I suckled the blood and considered the symbolism of it in the context of that philosophy. The only moment that matters is the one in which I now live; all else is folly, fantasy and hubris. Very well. I would take every moment in the next three days and taste the life flowing through it, and then I would face myself in the mirror.

After that? Either way, it would really make no difference.

A/N – Residue

November 1989. To most of the world, a time of freedom and hope.

A handful of men would recall it as a time that would live in infamy, if only in their own troubled hearts.

By that time, “Rudi” was quite dead, abandoned as events spiraled out of control in Konnor’s life. Now, a dozen years later and faced with his own lingering desperation, Konrad seeks solace in the past – but we all know that the past only remains static for object readers. The world…has moved on.