Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 8

The warm air blasted her skin. Even though she hadnt felt the cold as much, it was a stark contrast. She was still feeling energized and rushed past Josy up the stairs to Josys room, jumping onto her bed. By the time Josy arrived and put down her clothes and shoes, her hands were roaming all over her body. They felt cold on her hot skin, but it didnt bother her. If anything, the contrast excited her more. She was aware Josy was taking a few more pictures before she stopped to look at her.

That was awesome, she said, thank you Josy. She was trembling with excitement.

I know, right? You look like youre glowing.

Melanie blushed at that and curled up into a ball. Josy took another picture and then put the phone down.

Do you want to look at the pictures? Josy asked.

Melanie shook her head as she stayed in her little ball. Though she was curious about what the pictures would look like, she felt they were Josys thing, not hers.

Are you going home to take care of things?

She thought about getting dressed again, going home, then up to her room. She didnt know if shed still be in the mood by then. On top of that, as her parents were home, shed have to make an excuse to go to her room and be quiet about it.

Can I stay here? She asked.

Here in my room? Josy asked. She seemed unsure, but after a pause she added, My parents will be back in an hour or so.

Yes, Melanie whispered, unmoving.

Josy hesitated. She turned to leave the room but then asked, Do you need anything?

Please, Melanie said. Did Josy just offer to help her?

Oh, Josy said. I will push you just a little.

She closed her eyes and went passive, letting Josy pull her legs out, pushing her onto her back, but leaving her arms still close to her chest.

Still straight though, she heard Josy say as she started to caress the outside of her legs, from knees to feet.

Very slowly, Josy rolled her socks down her feet. Somehow the feeling of these last articles of clothing removed in such a way felt like she was being stripped naked all over again and she had to fight not to move her hands down for cover or pull her legs up. She felt Josy pull on each toe in turn, from pinky toe to pinky toe. The unexpected sensations were exciting her.

Then the hands went up over her feet and massaged her legs from calves to thighs. Josy gradually spent more and more time on her thighs, coming tantalizingly close to her sex, but each time pulling away again. She realized that in her current state if Josy touched her there directly, she would not stop her. The whole experience was both relaxing and arousing and throughout it all she shifted her legs around, gradually spreading her legs until her feet were about shoulder width apart.

When Josy stopped, she moaned in frustration, and then felt Josy take her hands to guide them down.

Josy What do I do? Melanie felt a last bit of doubt at doing this here in Josys bedroom.

Pretend youre outside in the sun, maybe?, Josy suggested. Call me if you need me.

Keeping her eyes closed, she continued where Josy had left off as she heard Josy leave the room. She imagined herself naked in the little field by the highway, people passing by without knowing she was there, as her right hand roamed around, and her left hand went to her sex.

Yes Melanie moaned to herself.

She went to work on herself, imagination in overdrive. She lost track of time, twisting and turning on Josys bed as she pleasured herself until finally she felt herself getting close. Not long after, she tipped over and the orgasm that had eluded her for months tore through her as she screamed in pleasure.

She lay there for a while in post orgasmic bliss and was just aware of Josy dropping herself onto the bed next to her.

I could hear you from the living room, Josy said. After a pause, she continued, I think there was something else you wanted to talk about.

Hmmm. Yes. Important. Later, Melanie managed.

The ability of forming sentences escaped her at the moment. She wanted to stay like that for a while longer and not think about anything else.

Okay. Do you want a quick shower before you go home? My parents might already come home in 10 minutes if theyre early.

There was no getting around it, she had to get up before they came home. Josy pulled her up from the bed and with her help she made it to the bathroom.

Thank you, Josy, Melanie said as she rinsed off. She had asked Josy to stay with her in the bathroom so they could talk.

You know, I was so worried after Saturday. I thought Id pushed you too much and ruined this thing we had going.

So thats why Josy had become distant with her, she realized. It explained a lot.

I think we just misunderstood each other, Melanie said as she got out of the shower.

So, what about that other thing you wanted to talk about?

Yeah. Something happened and I really need to talk to you about it, but I dont think we have time, she said.

Though it weighed on her, she didnt want to risk getting stressed out thinking about it at the moment, and she didnt know how long it would take to talk about it with Josy.

Next time be a little faster, Josy said, winking at her.

Melanie was only slightly embarrassed by Josys directness this time.

Are your parents back yet?

I didnt hear them come home. One sec, Josy said and she opened the bathroom door to listen. No, theyre not home yet.

Melanie gave the towel to Josy to hang it to dry, then she walked naked back to Josys room, hearing Josys laugh behind her. Her clothes were still there, and she got dressed again. She wondered if she should ask Josy why she left the room earlier, but perhaps it made sense to keep certain things separate in their friendship. In a way she was glad Josy hadnt taken pictures of her during her masturbation session, but now it felt like she had abused Josys hospitality by taking over her bedroom for such a thing.

Ah! Im so stupid! Josy exclaimed suddenly, just as Melanie was about to go home.

Why? Whats wrong?

I forgot to spank you after we went inside, Josy laughed and Melanie shook her head, amused.

That was a joke, right?

Wednesday morning, she woke up feeling refreshed. The stress of the previous day was forgotten.

Im glad to see youre feeling better today, Sarah said to her at lunch.

Yeah, Melanie said, taken aback by Sarahs remark. Was she that transparent?

You seem much more relaxed, which is a little strange since exams are coming up soon, Sarah said, appraising her.

Sarahs right. What makes you so happy today?, Cohen asked and then added, Did you meet someone?

What? No, Melanie said, feeling the heat rush to her face. She was not going to explain to them the details of yesterdays stress relief.

Sarah and Cohen laughed. Brian didnt laugh and she saw a strange look pass his face.

Dont mind them, Melanie, he said. You dont have to explain.

They were still laughing, and Melanie decided to switch it back on them.

Are any of you seeing someone? She asked. They hadnt talked about this yet.

Hmm? I have a boyfriend, Sarah was the first to respond to her question. Hes still in high school. I had to move here, but we still see each other on weekends.

Hes younger than you? Melanie asked.

Hes from Peru. His parents moved here when he was eight and he had to catch up a year due to language, Sarah explained. What about you, Brian?

Not much going on, he said, and left it there.

Thats it? asked Sarah, then laughed. What about that girl you went to the dance with?

Brian didnt respond.

Fine, keep your secrets. Cohen, care to tell Melanie your history?

All of it? If you want to be here all day, Cohen laughed. Ill spare the details and give you the summary. My girlfriend went to study abroad. Shes all into languages and shit, so we decided to spare us the pain of a long-distance relationship and broke up.

Youre such an asshole sometimes, Cohen, Sarah said. I know for a fact it was entirely one sided. Leah just went along with your decision.

What are you talking about? Cohen asked.

Seriously dude. I love you, but sometimes youre so dense, Sarah said as she rolled her eyes. Then she said, That leaves you, Melanie. Anyone special in your life?

She looked at her watch. Still fifteen minutes left to lunchtime. She didnt like the question nor being the center of attention.

No boyfriend, she said.

Girlfriend? Sarah asked, raising her eyebrows.

No, she said, blushing as she thought about the things she had done with Josy. Though they had broken some traditional rules of friendship, they werent in any sort of relationship.

She saw Sarah glance at Brian, who was looking the other way, and then focused on her again.

Anyway, we need to get you three out there then, Sarah said to them. I hear theres a party at the end of exam week.

Melanie liked the idea of going to a party. She had little experience with going to parties in high school and with her new friends she thought she could very well enjoy letting loose a bit.

Thursday afternoon before going home, Melanie and Josy met at the apartment complex to pick up their room keys and check out the rooms. They decided to check both rooms together, starting with Josys on floor six. There were two other girls currently present and they introduced themselves and told them theyd be moving in that weekend.

Josys room looked in good condition, thankfully. It wasnt that large but had enough space to comfortably fit an average sized wardrobe, a desk, and a bed.

Next they went to Melanies room. There were four other girls present there and they introduced themselves here as well. Melanies room looked in good condition as well, with identical spacing.

Do you have any specific rules around the apartment that I should know about? Melanie asked.

We have a cleaning schedule and alternate cooking for each other, if youll join for dinner that is. Paige said, a 21-year-old brunette. Then she asked, Anything in particular you want to know?

She wants to know if she needs to wear clothes around the house. Josy said.

Melanie looked at her in shock.

Shes joking! she quickly said, turning red.

Wear whatever you like. Just dont have any orgies in the common room, please, Paige said while the others laughed.

Dont worry, were a friendly bunch. If someone bothers you in any way, we can discuss it as a group, Alani said, a 19-year-old with black hair.

On their way home, Melanie gave Josy a piece of her mind.

Why did you tell them that, Josy?

They laughed and took it as a joke. Its a nice little icebreaker, dont you think? Besides, if you do want a bit more freedom in what you wear, Ive just given you the perfect excuse to do so. Josy said. You heard what she said, wear whatever you like.

Melanie sighed. It might be true what Josy just said, but she didnt want her roommates to have this impression of her right off the bat. She did briefly wonder what it would be like to be walking around naked in the apartment. The thought gave her butterflies, but she dismissed it as a ridiculous fantasy.

The bus home was mostly empty, as it was past rush hour. Josy suggested they sit in the back of the bus. Melanie felt tired after this long day and thought she might fall asleep if she closed her eyes.

Are you wearing panties under your skirt? Josy whispered to her out of the blue as the bus continued its route.

The question sent tingles down Melanies spine and she looked around. There was no one nearby and as she was sitting by the window, the chairs in front of her blocked the view of her lower half.

Uhm She hesitated.

Lift up. Josy said.

She lifted herself up and Josy pulled her skirt out from under her. As she sat back down, she felt the direct contact of the seat on the back of her thighs. Josy lifted her skirt up further to give a clear view of her panties.

You should go to classes without sometime, Josy suggested as she let go of her skirt, leaving it bunched up around her waist.

She wondered what it would be like. Closing her eyes, she tried to imagine sitting in classes or at lunch in a short skirt and no panties. Taking notes, working on problems together with her friends, whod be completely unaware that she was a simple flip of her skirt away from exposing her privates.

She felt Josys fingers on her bare leg, tracing circles. She let it happen, curious as to why Josy was touching her, but also enjoying the sensations. Soon, Josy was using her whole hand, caressing her leg up to near her panties and moving between the top of her legs and between where she had them pressed together. She luxuriated in the feeling and shortly after she spread her legs slightly, wondering how far Josy would take this. Josy wasted little time, using the afforded extra room to caress the insides of her thighs. She was starting to feel hot from the intimate touches. Timing it so that Josys hand was close to her sex, she pressed her legs together, trapping Josys hand.

You tease, she said, grabbing Josys wrist with her hand to hold it there.

She felt Josy try to remove her hand from between her thighs.

If you dont let go of my hand Josy warned, looking at her.

Then what? She challenged and then Josys action made her exclaim, Ah!

Josy had pressed her hand against her sex and now she felt the bus engines vibrations against her clit.

Mel, wake up, were at our stop, Josy said was she was shaking her shoulder.

Huh, what? Melanie jolted awake, opening her eyes.

Had she dreamt all that? No, her skirt was still up around her waist, so that part was not a dream. It was partially covering her own hand between her legs.

Josy was already standing up and moving to the doors, so she quickly fixed her skirt and hurried to follow.

Will you do it? Josy asked as they walked home from the bus stop. It was only a short distance.

If you tell me when, she said, blushing.

She wanted Josy to make that choice for her.

I will, Josy said after a short pause, grinning at her. But since you put it like that, I will choose your outfit for you.

That is too much! Melanie turned red imagining what kinds of outfits Josy would come up with. However, she couldnt deny the thrill she felt along with it. She imagined going to college in a short skirt or dress.

Okay, she said, then asked, What if it gets colder though?

Tights, or pants, Josy said after a pause. Then she asked, Do you have thigh highs?

Thigh highs? No, I dont have those, Melanie said.

Lets go shopping again soon, Josy said with a wink as they arrived home.


