The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.
 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 5

Hide 'N Seek and Other Games

After we arrived at Uncle Bert's house,  Andy played back his message perfectly. I
decided to take his advise and have Andy program me with the last remaining hypnotic
drug potion in existence, just as Uncle Bert had suggested I do.

I said, "Andy, please teach me Yiddish."  

"What are you talking about?" she said.  

"Good," I thought.  I had intentionally misstated the command wording Uncle Bert gave
me. She had no idea what I was talking about.  

"Andy, please help me learn Yiddish."  Her eyes blanked. She started out the door with
me following close behind. 

Uncle Bert's house was on fifty acres of land with the house Andy and Mary lived in on
an acre carved out of Uncle Bert's and relatively nearby.  Like a bloodhound on the
scent,  Andy went to an old tree I would never have noticed. She carefully pulled back
some bark to reveal a hole. From the hole, she plucked a vial.  She led me back to my
house, pushed me in a chair and went to the kitchen. She came back in a minute with a
soda.  

"Drink," she commanded.  I pushed the button on my digital watch to start the stop watch
portion.   "Drink," she said again.  I looked at her blank expression as I drank. Then, she
said, "OK. I am finished."  

I pushed my stop watch again.  Five minutes had elapsed.  "No way!" I thought, but it
showed five minutes. Obviously, the recipient of the drug felt no ill effects or had no
knowledge of taking it. Only the passage of time when the suggestions were implanted
would let the person know they had been unconscious.  

"Did you do it, Andy?" 

"Do what?" she asked. Of course, she had no recollection of the incident at all. There was
only one sure way to test if I had been programmed as Uncle Bert suggested. Since the
programming improved certain mental capabilities and gave me sexual control, I needed
to try one of them out to see if I was programmed.   

"Andy?" 

"Yes, Davy?"  

"Let's go fuck!"  

"Fabulous idea!" she exclaimed heading for the bedroom.

I know I have said this before, but, believe me, it is worth saying again.  Andy looked like
every man's idea of a sex goddess.  Just looking at her, naked, that sexy grin on her
face, made me quiver like a wet dog.  After I undressed and lay down, she rolled on top of
me.  I would have expected a programmed woman to be like a robot, emotionless,
mechanical.  But, her beautiful, blue eyes were alive with mischief and desire as she lay
on top of me. We kissed for a while. I could not get over either the magnificence of her
body or the positive attitude. 

"Sixty-nine." I whispered in her ear. Quick as a flash, her pussy was in my face and her
warm mouth engulfed me.  What a sweet, good smelling and tasting, devine, wetness
engulfed my hungry mouth. And, she labored eagerly at my cock.

"Sweetheart. Is something wrong?" she asked with a worried tone.  I was not hard.
Yesterday, she smiled at me and I was hard. Now, after her mouth was on my cock for
five minutes, I was still soft. Immediately, I was worried something had gone wrong with
my programming.  I thought about what Uncle Bert, through Andy, had said. It depended
on where you put the comma.  

I thought, "Get hard!"  

"Wow! That is nice," she mumbled as she sucked me in again. Yes, it was nice. Nice and
hard.

I could feel Andy's perfect, shapely legs around my head start to tense and relax, then
tense. I knew she was near orgasm. I hit her clit with my tongue like a machine gun. She
began to whimper around the cock in her mouth. I felt cool air as she pulled her mouth
away. 

She screamed, "YOU PUSSY EATING, MOTHER FUCKING, BIG COCKED STUD! JAM
YOUR TONGUE IN MY SWOLLEN TWAT, YOU SONOFABITCH. OH, SWEET JESUS,
LET ME HAVE IT!!!" 

I had forgotten to program Andy not to scream as she orgasmed.  It was too late now. She
could only be programmed if my cock was in her.  My tongue was not good enough. She
slammed her ass back into my face, driving the tip of my nose into her back hole and
almost breaking my jaw as she ground her pussy into my mouth. 

"SUCK ME!! SUCK ME!!  I'M CUMMMMMINGGGGG!!!"  

She rocked back and forth.  She collapsed inertly as I struggled to lift her ass off my face
so I could breathe. I could hear the news break now. 

"Channel two has learned David Wilson, the rich, young heir, was suffocated while eating
his girlfriend's pussy, unable to breathe because his nose was up her ass hole.  Film at
eleven."

When she revived, she said, "Your turn!"  

"No. I want to wait." 

"You are just like your uncle. He would last all day and night but when he did cum, it was
a load.  OK. Your decision." She turned around and slipped me into her wet slew.  Andy
fucked me until she collapsed. She was on her back, totally covered in sweat, gasping for
air. Her face was flushed; her pussy and thighs were covered in her own juices.  Her
eyes were wild. She started to cry, sobbing hysterically.  

"What's wrong?" 

"I don't make you happy. I don't love you like you want."  

"No, Andy. It was all fabulous." 

"Why didn't you orgasm? Even your uncle orgasmed although many of them were dry.
Why don't you?" 

"Because I am an idiot," I thought.  I slipped into her again.  She used every last bit of
physical energy she had to make it great for me.  I ordered myself to orgasm without
ejaculation.  

"Oh, yes, Davy. You did cum. That makes me so happy," she whispered before she fell
asleep. 

I walked around with a hard-on for ten minutes before I remembered to think, "soft."  So, I
tried it. Hard. Soft. Hard. Soft.  It did not work that way. The physical limitations of blood
flow applied. It took a little time. I dressed and walked next door to see Mary.  She was
dressed in jeans and a T-shirt. The house was warm from her furnace.  As we talked, I
watched the rise and fall of her ample and still high and firm breasts, the movement of
her ass.  

Suddenly, she looked at me with a funny smile and stripped off all of her clothes,
standing unashamedly before me.  

"Why did you do that?" I asked. 

"You were undressing me with your eyes. I thought I would save you the trouble.  Say
when you want to get laid," she said with a grin.  

"When," I answered.

Like a Rolls. Smooth. Elegant. Comfortable but with amazing pickup and speed. Very
enjoyable indeed.  Again, I did not ejaculate.  I did fall asleep in her arms.  When I
awakened, it was Andy with me, which made me wonder if I had lost my mind. 

"Come on you two. Dinner," Mary called.  I ate like a horse. 

As we sat before a roaring fire that night, my balls started to hurt.  I mean, it was a case of
the blue balls like I had never had. 

"Problem, sweetheart?" Andy asked.  Her devilish grin told me she knew what the
problem was. Mary felt my crotch. I thought "hard" and was.  

"We use to play a game with your uncle. Would you like to play?"  

"Of course," I said hoping she did not mean Monopoly.  In the bedroom, we all three
stripped. Then, Mary brought out a box. She got out restraints and started tying me to the
bed. I tried to raise up but Andy sat on me, shoving her pussy in my face. It was so sweet
I just fell back and enjoyed it. Mary had me spread eagled in no time. 

"Now, the game. If you are like your uncle, you can control your orgasms.  The game is
for us to constantly sexually stimulate you as you hold back until the last spilt second
before the pain in your balls and your sexual desires make you go mad." 

"This is not a game. It is masochism," I said. 

"He seemed to enjoy it," Mary replied.  "His record was three hours, fourteen minutes and
eleven seconds."  

Andy interjected, "Let us know before you cum so we can swallow. OK?"  

I nodded. Mary set a timer beside the bed, turned it and said, "go."  I lasted eight minutes
and four seconds. I screamed like I had been shot. Andy's mouth was a Kirby, sucking
me more than I could ever remember having. It felt like my guts and soul were flowing out
of my cock into her mouth. Mary massaged my balls as I blew my load, pulling on the
sac, making sure it all came out. 

The last thing I remember before I lost consciousness was Andy saying, "Isn't he
wonderful, mama."

I felt a warm hand on my cheek, breath on my neck. 

"Hey, sleeping beauty, wake up," Andy said softly in my ear. 

"Go away, Leave me alone!"  She left. I heard her crying and a door slam. Mary came
charging into the room. 

"David! David!"  I sat up. 

"What's wrong?"  

"Andy has left. You told her to go away."  Oh migod!  I charged naked into the cold
morning air. She was sitting in her car sobbing. When she saw me, she started the
engine. 

"Andy. Turn off that engine and come here!" I yelled. 

She immediately did as I knew she would since she was programmed to obey. I held and
comforted her, trying to heal the hurt I caused. Uncle Bert was right. She was very
vulnerable to words from me. I had to be very careful. I also had to get warm. Suddenly, I
was freezing.  We went inside.  Andy got in bed with me, jamming every inch of available
flesh against mine.  That warmed me right up.

To be continued. . . .

Please!  Give me you comments. 