



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================





 




Again?

By Allison George
allison_george@hotmail.com

and

Homer Vargas 
Vargas111@yahoo.com



"Hello, honey, I'm home," Allison called.

LW poked his head around the corner from the kitchen. 
"Just a minute, sweetie, the quiche is at a delicate
stage.  Sit down and rest; I'll be there in a jiffy." 
Allison sunk down into the sofa and smiled.  The busty
blonde was looking forward to one of LW's famous foot
massages.  After a day in 4" spike heels, she could
use it.  Her news could wait for later.

After several minutes LW came in and gazed almost in
reverence at the beautiful creature resting on the
couch with her eyes closed.  With those 44D hooters,
clearly displayed within a translucent blouse, the
naturally curly hair, the long trim legs caressed by
sheer high-tops, scarcely covered by one of the minis
he had bought her, Allison looked more like a
cheerleader turned fassion model than one of the
country's top quantum physicists.  She had never been
a cheerleader, of course, even when he was playing
football in high school.  She had been too busy taking
advanced math and college physics. She always came to
the games to cheer for him, though even if she could
never seem quite to get the hang of the rules.

Allison had become LW's steady from the Junior Prom
and they had been together ever since.  LW took a lot
of ribbing from the other guys when they figured out
that he was NOT fucking his (mentally AND physically)
over-endowed girlfriend stupid, but LW figured Allison
was worth any wait regardless of the length.  Besides,
it was only a matter of time or so he thought.  To
LW's great disappointment, Allison graduated with her
cherry intact although by then she had agreed to let
LW touch and occasionally to kiss her spectacular
knockers.

They had both gone to State University, LW on a
football scholarship.  Allison, having won the
National Merit Scholarship and scored 1600 on the SAT,
could have gone anywhere, but she wanted to stay close
to LW.  By their Junior year when LW was a starting
linebacker, which university Allison attended was
irrelevant.  She was exchanging papers with Gell-Mann
and doing path-breaking work on the general solutions
of the superstring equations.  Although careful to
guard her virginity, Allison was slowly coming to
understand LW's needs.  For graduation (he scraping by
with a gentleman's C, she with magna cum laude, though
never actually tasting any of the cum in the degree!)
Allison rubbed him to orgasm in his pants.

LW's dreams of a pro football career never quite
materialized but Allison said it didn't matter; her
graduate fellowship was more than generous enough for
a small apartment near Coolidge Corner from which she
could take the "T" down to Cambridge.  MIT was not a
center for experimental quantum mechanics, but it had
a fine a collection of mathematical minds and she
found adequate stimulation for her doctorate.  During
graduate school Allison finally decided that the
President was right, a blow job wasn't really sex and
she could deal with all of LW's needs with her mouth. 
She drew the line, however at him trying to return the
favor.

LW did not want to be a parasite on his brilliant
girlfriend so he got a job in a restaurant -- at least
that's what he told Allison.  The establishment was
really a male strip joint; LW's abs, pecs and delts
made him one of the most popular performers.  Soon
Allison's boyfriend was bringing home almost as much
in cash as she.  Allison wondered a few times why LW
never wanted them to have a meal at the restaurant
where he earned such good tips, but she was too busy
with the tricky points of eleven-dimension geometry to
pay much attention.

Following her explanation of the six-fold symmetry of
quarks, the money from grants and consultancies just
poured in.  Allison's Ph.D. oral examination consisted
of her patiently trying to explain her results to a
group of professors whose mathematical acumen was just
not up to hers. With her Ph.D. in one hand and LW's
rock-hard cock in the other, Allison at last agreed to
set the wedding date with the longsuffering LW.

Of all the discoveries she had made, that very first
orgasm, which she experienced on her honeymoon the
instant LW's cock penetrated her soupy pus, was the
most astounding.  It was an epiphany; fellatio and
getting her boobies felt up didn't even come close. 
LW must be a god to make her feel the ecstasy, the
limitless bliss of climaxing over and over on his
massive cock.  For two weeks during the honeymoon,
Allison didn't want to go outside the cottage; all she
wanted to do was fuck. When LW couldn't fuck any more
she had him eat her.  His mouth on her pussy was
almost as good as his cock in it and lasted so much
longer!  She was sorry she hadn't started this in
junior high!

The sandy beaches of the small Caribbean islands were
just a memory, not that the sex-crazed lovers had seen
much of them, when the tired newlyweds returned to
chilly Boston.  Allison moved up the Charles River,
taking a position in the Physics Department at
Harvard.  Not only was she the first woman to be
appointed to a faculty position in that  august
department, but also the youngest and the only faculty
member in any department with jugs whose vibrations
registered on the university's seismograph.

To be near Allison, LW was content to continue working
as a male go-go dancer by day and being Allison's
boy-toy love joy by night.  To his surprise, his
income actually increased on the day shift as
frustrated housewives came in to drool and fantasize
over the hunky LW.

"Oh LW, baby, please, please take care of my aching
feet," Allison moaned when she at last noticed LW
standing looking at her. "I had to fill in for
Professor Townes at the Senior seminar this afternoon
and I was in front of the chalk board for two hours
going over the fifth order differential equations that
demonstrate boson-hadron symmetry. Sometimes I just
wonder about these students. I mean, the boys SEEMED
to be paying really close attention, but when I asked
them to contribute, they were incoherent.  And the
women were sullen.  They just don't seem to have the
same drive that I had when I was in school."

"Professor Townes" LW asked.  "Isn't he the little
short guy that lectures from a built-up platform?" 

"Yes, it's terrible, like being on a pedestal; there's
no desk or anything.  I had to leave my notes on the
floor.  It always seemed to cause a commotion when I
leaned over to pick up a new sheet."

"Maybe they were distracted by something," LW thought
drooling at the thought of Allison bending over in
that skirt.  As happened frequently, she had forgotten
to wear panties that day.

"Ooooh, that feels good, keep it up; I'm already
beginning to feel better. Oh, my goodness, it's just
my feet that are sore.  Ummmm!   Well, yes my calves
are little tense, but ... AHHH!   What are you doing
with your other hand?  You're turning me into a wanton
hussy!  Why just this morning, showing this young
freshman how to properly look at the Reimann integral.
Well, I just drew the squiggly little integral sign
when I began to get a little wet between my legs. It
reminded me of...stop it now, I'm hungry for some real
food." 

"Come on dear and take a seat, I think that the quiche
is ready. Here, I've prepared a nice mixed green and
mesclun salad with my famous poblano chili dressing;
you can start on that." 

"Oh LW, you really do spoil me!"

"Darling, you know that you are the moon and the stars
to me. I lose myself in the ample flesh of your bosom
and the warm channel of your inner being whose sweet
nectar." 

"Ummm LW, you do say the sweetest things. The texture
of this creamy quiche is quite exquisite dear. I just
don't know how you do it, working all day in a
restaurant and then coming home and pampering me so." 

"For you, I can't do enough."

"Oh, I don't know about that."  Allison paused.  The
big moment had come.  "I'm afraid you may have done a
little too much."

"I don't understand?"

"I, er, went to that doctor you suggested and I ...
have some news!" 

"News," LW said trying to suppress a grin, "what would
that be?"

"Sweetheart, I hope you won't be upset.  I don't know
how it happened, but it looks like I'm  a little 
pregnant!  Here we are married for only seven weeks
and we're going to have a baby.  I'm so sorry I messed
up."

"Oh, darling, that's most wonderful news that I've had
since you said yes to marrying me."

"Do you mean it, LW?  I was so worried you wouldn't
understand.  I went to the doctor just before lunch
and he confirmed that my period wasn't just late. I
told him I didn't understand how it happened, that I
had been very careful each time after we made love.  I
always did what you told me, first letting you use
that talented tongue of yours to clean out the extra
cum - I told him you do produce a lot -- and then that
waiting the full ten minutes before letting you inject
my lovely honey pot with the contraceptive foam. 
Which reminds me, LW darling, are you sure that
Gillette foam is the best thing to use.  I've seen
other things they sell in the women's aisle in CVS.
Anyway, the doctor looked at me with a weird smile and
asked if I put the stuff in AFTER I had sex?  Of
course, I said that way it takes care of all those
pesky little spermies when they were weak from
swimming.  He kind of sighed and said never mind, I am
as pregnant as the day is long."

"I can't wait to hear the patter of those little feet
in this house. Come here and give me a big hug."

"Oh honey, I love you so much.  Oh, what are you doing
with your hand? 

As happens with some, but not enough pregnant women,
with her expanding waistline Allison experienced a
corresponding expansion in her already phenomenal
libido.  At first this presented no problem because
seeing his sexy wife with a delightful bulge in her
formerly flat tummy and noting an increase in the size
of her already ample bosom inspired LW to new heights,
depths and frequency of passion.  Eventually, however,
certain physiological limits were reached and Allison
found herself making do with an ever higher proportion
of oral sex and, between classes, her vibrator.  Of
course this made her enjoy even more getting a real
fuck and so, a month or so later.

"Oh yes!  Yess!  I'm coming!  I'm
comiiiiiiinnnnnnggg," Allison squealed as she rode LW
to her third orgasm of the night.  Please darling hold
on!  Ummm, the oils of Venus are running, I think I
feel another one."

"Sorry honey! I can't...  I'm gonnna .ahrrrghhh!" LW
groaned as the flood of Allison's warm pussy juice and
clinching vagina pushed the poor man over the edge.

A few minutes later a panting, almost comatose LW was
cradled against Allison's soft breasts drifting
rapidly toward sleep when Allison whispered, "LW,
darling?"

"Mmmffph"

"Sweetie!"

"Uh huh?"

"You know I love you, right?"

"Uh, yeah.  Lu'me."

"That's good, sweetheart, because I have a little
confession to make"

"Huh?" LW grunted with more interest than before.

"I was a little bit of a bad girl."

"Bad girl?" LW asked, opening an eye for the first
time.

"Yeah.  You remember that student faculty retreat last
weekend?"

"How could I forget?  You attacked me as soon as you
got back. You were almost insane with lust after two
days without sex!" LW smiled, remembering the envious
and incredulous looks on his friends' faces at work
when he told them about the night of his wife's
arrival.

"Yes, I was pretty worked up, honey, but it wasn't
exactly from lack of sex."

"Not from lack of sex?"  LW was sitting bolt upright
now.

"No, honey, something just ... happened.  We were all
sitting around in the living room-den of Prof.
Townes's cabin and everyone had been drinking a little
too much, I guess.  I had a second glass of wine and
you know how that knocks me for a loop!"

"Yes.  Go on," LW said with growing apprehension.

"Well I was sitting next to Olga Bohrlaggen that
visiting professor from Kiev listening to her problems
attracting men.  I was telling her that she was
actually quite attractive if she'd show a little more
of her leg and some cleavage.  Well, I guess I had my
hand in her blouse demonstrating that she actually had
very nice boobs when suddenly she started kissing me. 
I was so shocked I didn't react at first and by the
time I did she had her mouth on my nipples and a hand
in my twat."

"But Allison, you know what happens when I."

"Oh, LW, so you understand!  I just love you so much!"
Allison exclaimed.  "I really didn't know what I was
doing.  I was coming to beat the band in no time and
then somehow we were naked and my head was between
Olga's legs doing to her gushing pussy what she was
doing to mine!  It. it was wonderful, but I felt so
guilty having sex outside our marriage!"

"Allison, baby, Allison," LW said sympathetically. 
"Don't worry. You're just a very big sexy girl and
those pregnant hormones have you hornier than ever. 
You just sort of 'overflowed.'  Most guys would kill
to have such a sexy wife."

"Oh, LW, I'm so glad you feel that way, especially
considering what happened next."

"Happened next?" LW asked, no longer smiling so
indulgently.

"Yes.  I don't know how long Olga and I had been going
at it or how  much noise we were making, but when we
looked up Prof. Townes and all the guys from the
seminar were staring at us and shucking their clothes.
Olga started giggling saying they were going to fuck
us.  She crawled off of me and got down on her hand
and knees and said OK which one was going to be first.
Two of the astrophysicists were on her like a flash
and then somebody else shouted he had to have some of
that hot blonde bitch.  

Before I even realized they were talking about me,
someone was positioning my ass in the air like Olga's
and Professor Townes was sliding his cock into me.
'Don't worry honey; I'll be gentle on account of the
baby," he whispered as he started to fuck me.  I'm
sorry, honey but I started coming again on every third
or forth stroke.  It had been almost a whole day since
you were in me that morning and seeing two guys going
at Olga and her sucking off a third was kind of
exciting, too. He's not as good as you, darling, but
he had a nice rhythm going and I was starting to
really enjoy it when he came in me and just fell off. 
I didn't have much time to worry about him because
the cock of a guy working on solid state was in a
pretty solid state itself.  He had it in me before I
had recovered from my last orgasm and soon I was
screaming again.  I was so embarrassed the way I was
behaving.  I hope you're not mad."

"My God, Allison!  You had sex with a woman and let
two men fuck you?"

"Oh, no, honey, it was a lot more than two.  You know
how unequal the sex ratio is in the physics
department.  Of course by then several of the other
women had joined in and were helping out with the
fucking, but there were so many of them, we each must
have had to take on at least five or six.  Then, too,
some of them can get it up again almost as quickly, as
you can.  I must have got fucked ten or fifteen times.
I wasn't counting.  So you can see why I was so wound
up when I got home.  I'm so sorry!"

"Let me see if I understand this, Allison," LW said,
"You mean several men pointed this pretty ass of yours
to the ceiling like THIS," he grunted, grasping her by
her hips, "and started doggie FUCKING you like THIS?"

"Yessss darling, just like that, but nobody had such a
big ... UUUUUhh. That feels so good honey.  Fuck me
LW!  Please oooohh, yes!  Like that! Yes, yes!  So
you're not angry?  Yes! Harder baby
Ohoohohoooooooiiieeee!"

As she slipped into a sated slumber Allison thought
that if the men in the physics department fucked like
LW, all the women and not just Olga and two of the
Assistant professors would have been knocked up that
weekend.

Allison slept late the next day.  Seldom had LW fucked
her with such abandon, making her come so many times
and so hard.  When she awoke, her hunky husband had
breakfast on a tray for her.  She was almost finished
when she realized the LW was just watching.  "Honey,
have you already eaten?"  LE shook his head and
grinned.  "So what are you having for breakfast,"
Allison asked.

LW's grin got bigger.  "You!" he growled and crawled
between his wife's delicious thighs.  Apparently her
transgressions were forgotten as LW applied his
skillful tongue to Allison's needful pussy.  The young
wife lost track of the number of times she came as her
loving husband licked and sucked and tongued her to
one orgasm after another.  She felt like a dishrag
when he finished with her and pulled her into a
romantic spoon. "Oh Allison, I love you so much," he
whispered.

"I know, sweetheart, and you've proven it," she
grinned, pulling his hand to her expanding tummy.

"I do adore you, Allison, but, well, THAT doesn't
prove it."

Allison was not normally a suspicious female, but she
was female and her ear caught a hint of something more
in LW's words.  "Oh, do you mean you have given big
bellies to women you do NOT adore?" she asked
jokingly, but listened carefully for the reply.  LW
regretted wandering into this conversation, but he
could not actually lie to his precious Allison. "You
don't know much about "Rooters," do you honey?"

"No.  Only that you come home smelling of stale
cooking oil and cigarette smoke.  It must be a very
unhealthful place.  I'd never go there."

"I'd hope not.  Do you know who does go there?  And
why my 'tips' are so good?"

"Perhaps you should tell me," Allison replied, growing
more concerned.

LW explained that Rooters is a male strip bar and lots
of frustrated wives go there for excitement.  Often
they pay extra to have LW or one of the other studs
fuck them.  Yes, they use condoms; LK isn't stupid and
would not risk infecting his Allison, but sometimes
the women are so overwhelmed by getting fucked for the
first time in weeks or months, they take the condoms
and cram the sperm into their pussies.  Several have
gotten pregnant that way. 

Allison was rather disgusted at first, but then become
empathetic, imagining how she would feel if she could
not get fucked even for several days and then were in
a bar with a man that looked like LW. She, too, would
let him fuck her.  Allison told LW that he could keep
the job as long as he left enough cum in his ball sack
to keep her happy at night.  

"That shouldn't be a problem," said LW, "I've just
perfected a diet that will keep the love juice
plentiful and flowing."

"Do tell," said Allison, hungrily thinking of all the
sweet spunk that came from LW's hard straw.

"Not just yet, I'm waiting for the patent application
to clear."

Grasping LW's swollen member and staring at the milky
white juice oozing from its tip, Allison remarked
"well, we better give this invention another taste
test, just to make sure that it's working." 
