Part 11

Chris leaned back to enjoy his third cup of coffee, smiling as he watched Vin and Ezra talk. They had been teasing each other and gossiping all through breakfast, and he was enjoying it almost as much as they were. Playing audience and putting in a comment or two occasionally was just his speed that time of day, especially if it was Vin he was spending his time watching. Watching Vin talk to Ezra was just that much more enjoyable because Vin was so relaxed and obviously enjoying himself. Vin was seldom as open and playful – outside of their cabin, at least – as when he was talking to Ezra in relative privacy.

Colette had left and Inez was still at church, so the three men were quite alone in the saloon. There were only three suites of rooms upstairs after Ezra’s recent remodel, and of the three only two were occupied. Ezra’s rooms were at the front of the saloon, and Inez’ were at the back with the view over the alley, the church’s grounds, and the meadow beyond. The third ‘suite’ was just two small rooms that theoretically belonged to Maude as the third owner of the saloon, but she never used them when she visited. Maude preferred the fawning and constant attention she got at the hotel across the street to Ezra’s grudging tolerance of her company.

Ezra had relaxed visibly after the batwing doors closed behind Colette, and within a few minutes he had dropped much of his usual screen of what Vin called ‘five dollar words’ to speak almost plainly. Chris could count on one hand the number of times Ezra had sounded so happy without being drunk, and it surprised him a bit how pleased he was to hear it again. It was nice to see Ezra relaxed enough to drop the cultured cadences he so often hid behind. Chris had often wondered if anyone even knew the real Ezra, and seeing Ezra act so different from his public persona just reinforced that idea.

When Ezra seemed to be feeling relaxed and secure in their privacy, Vin asked what had happened in town while he was gone, and Ezra proved himself to be even more deeply entrenched in the rumor mill than Buck was. It surprised Chris how thorough Ezra was in his knowledge of the town, but it amused him, too. He hadn’t ever known that Ezra was Vin’s source for all the little bits and pieces of rumor he seemed to know, and seeing Vin coax more details out of Ezra whenever Ezra didn’t share enough to suit him was more than a little enlightening. Ezra seemed to revel in the teasing attention, and Vin obviously enjoyed dishing it out at least as much.

By the time Vin and Chris finished their steak and eggs, Ezra had gotten them up to speed on everything that they had missed while they were gone. The tidbits of gossip ranged from one end of town to the other and beyond, and Chris found himself actually enjoying much of the conversation. Ezra somehow made even the most mundane rumors amusing, relaying them with a flair that made it impossible not to find the humor in them. His litany of the week’s ‘highlights’ had Chris and Vin both laughing, especially when Ezra’s attention turned towards their friends.

Nettie Wells’ best mare had finally had her foal by Yosemite’s stockhorse stallion the same evening Vin and Chris rode out of town, a stout black colt Casey had named Rondo King. She had invited JD out to see the colt the next morning after church, and King had promptly begun fawning all over JD to the point Casey got jealous and stomped off in a huff. JD and Casey had fought and made up three times since then, and JD was so confused he was talking about marrying her even though he and Casey had barely kissed yet and the girl had never even hinted she wanted any part of marriage. Nettie wasn’t sure she liked the idea of Casey getting married to a gunman, even if he was sheriff about half the time, and she’d been giving JD looks that were fit to curdle milk.

Billy Travis had borrowed a friend’s pony to go fishing on Monday because nobody would take him, and then the pony wandered back into town without its new bridle an hour later, which of course panicked Mary. Josiah and Buck found Billy’s clothes scattered along the pony’s back trail, and then finally found Billy napping naked on the bank of a creek with three big trout on a string that trailed into the water and a sunburn from his toes to his hairline. When they got him home Mary threatened to tan Billy’s hide for going skinny-dipping, sunburn or no, and Billy had been working extra chores in Mrs. Potter’s store ever since to pay for the lost bridle that likely wound up as a snack for a bored dog or coyote.

Buck got chased out of Blossom’s second-story bedroom window on Tuesday morning when he discovered the hard way that her husband was out of prison again for the moment. Buck had landed naked as the day he was born in front of Mary Travis, and she had fainted dead away right there in the street. Buck ran into the bathhouse to get off the street, but forgot it was ladies’ day and the town’s women didn’t let him stay long. Inez was wearing just her shift when she chased him out, brandishing the heavy paddle that was used for stirring the kettle that was available for patrons to boil their laundry in while they bathed. Buck had wound up bruised and indignant in the jail, still naked, and had a fit when JD, Josiah, and Ezra were laughing too hard in their chairs outside to go find him something to wear. Blossom’s husband had burned Buck’s boots, hat, and clothes by the time Josiah went to talk her into giving him Buck’s things, and kept Buck’s money as damages when he let Josiah have Buck’s gunbelt and spurs. Buck walked around town barefoot and hatless for two days before Ezra took pity on him and let Buck win enough at poker to buy some boots and a new hat.

Nathan had been out of town most of the week, so he hadn’t done anything gossip-worthy. Josiah had been quiet even after the fiasco with Blossom’s husband until Thursday afternoon, when he rode out of town like the hounds of hell were chasing him. He came back Friday, reeking of perfume and beaming at anyone who so much as looked at him. It hadn’t taken a genius to figure out where he had gone, and JD followed Josiah around for half that afternoon trying to find out who the lady was before Josiah finally admitted it was three ladies at the brothel in Jericho. JD was properly impressed until he happened to mention it to Casey with a bit too much admiration, which seemed to have sparked their fight on Saturday.

When Ezra finally ran out of gossip about their friends from the week Chris and Vin were out of the loop, the conversation somehow drifted to horses and soon Vin and Ezra were discussing the often-repeated fact that Ezra needed to give Chaucer more exercise. Ezra’s excuse for leaving the high-strung gelding in a stall most of the time was that he didn’t like to go riding alone after a disgruntled gambling opponent had followed him and taken his clothes, saddle, bridle, and money at gunpoint. Ezra had been forced to ride back to town bareback wearing just his boots, which he had been allowed to keep only because they didn’t fit the man who had taken everything else he was wearing. Ezra had been sore for days afterwards, cursing if anyone so much as mentioned a horse.

Vin was still snickering over Ezra’s expression as he recalled the uncomfortable ride when Chris found himself inviting Ezra to ride out with him and Vin sometime in the next few days. Ezra’s pleased surprise was almost comical, and the bright grin Chris got from Vin made the prospect of sleeping in the barn for a night seem like a small price to pay. He’d rather let Ezra have the featherbed in the house than listen to Ezra complain, and the loft was far enough from the cabin for privacy if Vin got loud. Vin had a thick hay-stuffed buckskin mattress in the loft that he insisted was as comfortable as a real bed, so it wasn’t as if it would be torture.

Vin started teasing Ezra about being so surprised his friends wanted his company, and Chris enjoyed watching them banter despite the fact he soon wondered what their feelings for each other really were. He didn’t doubt that they had never done anything – Vin would have told him – but every once in a while Ezra looked at Vin with a warmth that looked to Chris like it was a lot more than friendship. Chris caught several glimpses of an expression in Ezra’s eyes that looked as though he wanted badly to kiss Vin, but Ezra was so good at controlling the rest of his expression that it would have been easy to miss if Chris wasn’t watching them so closely by then.

Chris commented teasingly on something Vin said a few minutes later, and he was more than a little shocked when Ezra turned that same warm, laughing gaze on him to thank Chris for backing him up. He stared into Ezra’s sparkling green eyes, unable to look away as he wondered why Ezra thought he deserved such a warm, affectionate look that was so different from Ezra’s usual friendly aloofness.

~*~*~*~

Vin snickered at the way Ezra was looking at Chris, wondering if Ezra was even aware of it as Chris blinked in surprise and just stared into Ezra’s eyes, still grinning at his own joke at Vin’s expense. Ezra didn’t seem to be able to look away any more than Chris could, and Vin was about to tease them both about it when he heard a sudden thunder of boots on the boardwalk and then Buck’s voice, seeming too loud in the silence as Buck breezed into the saloon.

“Figured you three would still be hidin’ out in here!”

Chris and Ezra quickly looked over at Buck, their masks falling in place as easy as breathing, and Vin had to fight not to laugh. Chris had enjoyed spending time with Ezra a lot more than Vin had expected, and Ezra had definitely noticed. Vin hadn’t seen that warm, welcoming look Ezra sometimes directed at him given to anyone else before. He was glad to see it focused on Chris, even though he knew there likely wouldn’t ever be anything more between them than that silent affection. He enjoyed seeing Ezra relax and let himself be happy, and that would be a lot more likely to happen around Vin if Ezra felt safe enough to let his guard down around Chris as well.

Buck leaned over the bar to grab a mug and draw himself a beer before he sauntered over to join them, leaping lightly up the stairs and grinning widely as he flopped down in the chair next to Chris. “Inez volunteered you to help organize the church social next Saturday, Ezra, since you pointed a gun at her when she tried to wake you to walk her to church this mornin’. Mrs. Potter’s gonna get with you later.” He ignored Ezra’s groan and took a swig of his beer before he smirked at Chris, adding, “And Inez said to tell you that God forgives you for hidin’ from him on the Sabbath, but she doesn’t and you’d better not make a nuisance of yourself anytime soon if you know what’s good for you.” He kicked at Vin’s knee lightly under the table, smirking at Vin. “You’re just a heathen, so you got off scot free.”

Vin snickered. “Knew bein’ a breed had to be good for somethin’.”

Chris gave Vin a dirty look. “Vin.”

Vin blinked and then realized what he’d said and grinned sheepishly. “Sorry, slipped out.”

“Likely story,” Chris muttered, refilling his coffee cup with the last of the pot.

Buck snickered, looking from Vin to Chris and back again. “What’s his problem?”

Vin smiled innocently at Buck, waiting a moment for Chris to lift the coffee and take a drink before he drawled, “Musta woke up on the wrong side of the bed.”

Chris inhaled the coffee, coughing and choking while Ezra helpfully pounded on his back and Vin pretended not to see the shocked look in Buck’s eyes. Buck looked a little uncomfortable as he drank down half his beer in one long gulp, but Vin wasn’t even a little surprised that a glance at Ezra showed the gambler was enjoying Buck and Chris’ discomfort. Ezra had a wicked sense of humor and always enjoyed seeing other people thrown off balance.

Ezra spoke up suddenly, green eyes twinkling merrily as he teased, “Mr. Larabee, I do believe coffee is not meant to be inhaled.” He lifted his own mug of lukewarm coffee as if to demonstrate, sipping delicately at it. "Swallowing is much more enjoyable."

Chris coughed again and scowled at Vin, then turned the glare on Ezra. “Thanks for passin’ on that pearl of wisdom, Ezra. I never would’ve guessed.” The sarcasm in his tone was thick enough to cut with a knife, and Vin couldn’t help snickering.

Vin saw Ezra’s lips twitch and realized the wicked glint in his eyes didn’t bode well just as Buck spoke up, hurriedly changing the subject as far from the previous track as he could. “Miss Lorrie and Danny are at the church too, she wanted me to pass along that she’d send Danny for his shootin’ lesson afterwards.” He was watching Chris as he spoke, completely ignoring Vin and Ezra. “Billy wants to watch if you don’t mind, but his ma doesn’t want him actually shootin’ a gun. She says he’s too little.”

Chris snorted, still scowling as he muttered, “Don’t look at me, Vin’s the one givin’ lessons.”

Vin glanced at Chris, amused by his disgruntled tone, and then looked over at Buck. “I don’t mind. I can teach two as easy as one.”

Ezra smirked slightly. “Are you giving the local urchins lessons in firearm safety now, Mr. Tanner?”

Vin grinned at Ezra. “You could call it that. Danny’s needin’ to learn, an’ that little yellaboy carbine I bought off Red Butler’s perfect for a kid his size.”

Ezra’s smirk widened just a bit, his green eyes sparkling. “The very same carbine you liked so much, if I recall correctly?”

“I got a rifle, Ez,” Vin said quickly, laughing slightly. “I don’t really need the yellaboy too.”

“Of course,” Ezra agreed, smirking as he reached over to pat Vin’s arm as if humoring him. “As you could live without the money you donated so stealthily to the widow Calhoun, I am sure.”

Buck had been looking back and forth from Vin to Ezra, brow furrowed and a confused look on his face, and Chris finally couldn’t stand it anymore. “Stop thinkin’ so hard, Bucklin. You’ll break somethin’.”

Vin looked quickly at Buck, still amused, and was surprised by the annoyed frown Buck was giving him. “What’d I do?”

Buck opened his mouth to answer, still frowning slightly, then darted a glance at Ezra and shut his mouth again as the frown deteriorated into a scowl. “Nothin’.”

“Then why’re you lookin’ at me like I just kicked your puppy?” Vin asked reasonably, bemused. Buck could be a moody drunk, but Vin was pretty sure Buck was holding his first beer of the day so that couldn’t be the problem.

Buck shot Ezra another look and then muttered, “Forget it.”

Chris rolled his eyes and then scowled at Buck irritably. “I don’t need a keeper, Buck.” He glanced around the saloon to be sure they were still alone, then looked at Vin and said quietly, “He’s bein’ a damn fool, is all. No tellin’ what he’s got into that head of his, but if you made me guess I’d say he thinks you an’ Ezra are actin’ friendly an’ the idiot feels like it’s his job to get annoyed over it for me.” He gave Buck a withering look, keeping his voice pitched quietly as he added pointedly, “Cause of course I ain’t any good at kickin’ some ass if it’s needed. I’ve gone and fallen for someone with a dick so I musta turned into a woman and not noticed.”

Vin burst out laughing at the very idea of Chris being girly while Ezra smirked at Buck and said, “Your worries are completely unfounded, Mr. Wilmington, though I can understand the reason for them.” He preened, looking smug. “I am irresistible.”

Buck kept scowling and muttered, “Not hardly.”

Vin managed to stifle his laughter into an occasional snicker, not wanting to miss anything as Chris snorted and said dryly, “Which is why you’re the only one here who’s sleepin’ alone, Ezra.”

Ezra smirked at Chris, green eyes more than a little challenging. “For now, but I do believe you invited me to spend a day or two at your cabin, did you not, Mr. Larabee?”

Buck jerked his head around to stare at Chris, looking shocked as hell. “You what?!”

Chris actually blushed, scowling at Buck. “Chaucer needs the exercise and you know Ezra don’t like ridin’ alone anymore. Headin’ out to our place with us’ll let him run Chaucer out an’ still keep ‘em both out of trouble. If we send him out ridin’ patrol with someone else there ain’t no tellin’ what kind of trouble will find him. Besides, Chaucer’s been cooped up for weeks and could stand a few days turned out grazin’ with Pony and Peso, but he ain’t about to stay put if Ezra’s not there.”

“Ez wants to try out the loft,” Vin added, grinning widely at Chris calling it ‘our place’. He never would have asked for it, or taken that liberty first himself, but he did enjoy the sound of it. “He’s been buggin’ me about it for weeks.”

Ezra was obviously trying not to laugh as he said quickly, “Oh no, I refuse to sleep in a drafty barn when there is a real bed available.”

Chris rolled his eyes and didn’t bother to answer that, but Vin smirked and teased Ezra, “It’ll be occupied.”

“Yes, and?” Ezra said, smirking right back at Vin rather challengingly. “Sharing a bed is much preferable to sleeping in a barn.”

Buck shuddered and looked around the room worriedly, then at Chris as he said quietly, “Tell me you’re not gonna be screwin’ him too.”

Chris gave Buck a dirty look. “Do I ask you who you’re plannin’ on screwin’ around with, Buck?”

Vin saw the flash of shock in Ezra’s eyes, not at all surprised Ezra hadn’t believed Chris was serious since Vin doubted if Chris knew whether Chris was serious or not, and then he noticed Buck’s expression and had to laugh. Buck looked like somebody had whapped him over the head with a board, caught somewhere between shock and annoyance with a healthy helping of confusion mixed in.

“It ain’t like you got a leg to stand on if you’re gonna try lecturin’ someone about keepin’ it in their pants,” Chris added when Buck didn’t speak after a moment, seeming to ignore Vin’s amusement. “If you ain’t gettin’ in a new bed three or four times a week you feel plumb mistreated.”

Buck blinked and then protested, “That ain’t the same thing, Chris, and you damn well know it!” He darted a look at the doors again and then whispered fiercely, “You’re talkin’ about havin’ two men in your bed like it’s somethin’ normal!”

Chris leaned towards Buck, suddenly angry. “You ain’t got no room to talk to me about havin’ more than one person in my bed either, Buck Wilmington, and it ain’t none of your business if I’m sleepin’ with men or women or even a goddamned sheep.” Buck shied back a bit and Chris settled back into his chair, his tone of voice still hard as he added quietly, “You’re bein’ an ass over something that’s none of your concern. I thought we had this talk already and you were gonna let me and Vin ride our trail without givin’ us shit over it.”

Buck stared at Chris for a moment and then looked at Vin, and Vin saw the confusion still plain in Buck’s eyes. Vin felt like he should say something, but he had no idea what to add to what Chris had already said. He figured Chris had made himself plain, but he was still pretty sure Chris was defending his right to do something he wasn’t sure he wanted to do in the first place. It was just the kind of stubborn that was typical of Chris, who hated to be told he wasn’t allowed to do something. It was one of the quickest ways to piss him off.

Ezra spoke up before Vin could find the words, quiet and sounding a bit bored as he said, “Mr. Wilmington, you needn’t worry yourself so, Mr. Tanner and I were merely teasing.” Vin looked quickly at Ezra and saw that his expression was guarded, his eyes flat and rather unhappy, and Vin had to fight the urge to glare at Buck for being such an idiot. It wasn’t easy for Ezra to trust and let as much of himself show as he had, and it annoyed Vin that Buck had made Ezra regret it. That would just make it that much harder for Ezra to trust anyone but Vin or possibly Chris again, and Vin had never liked that Ezra felt he had to keep himself so isolated. “I had thought that in light of you obvious prior knowledge of certain things you would not take such offense to a little harmless repartee, but I see that I was very wrong. I shall remember in the future not to mention the subject at hand in your presence.”

Buck looked at Ezra, frowning, and then back at Chris. “So he ain’t gonna be stayin’ out there with you?”

“That ain’t here or there, and it's none of your damned business,” Chris said firmly, glaring at Buck. “If we wanna invite one of our closest friends to stay with us, it’s our land and our home and we’ll do whatever we damned well please while we’re there. You and I have been through a lot, pard, but nobody tells me who I can and can’t have in my bed. If Ezra’s willin’ and we invite him t’ join us for a little fun, that’s between him and us.” He paused and then added pointedly, “An’ you of all people have no room to complain.”

“Me sleepin’ around is different, Chris,” Buck said softly, still frowning. “I ain’t got someone who feels about me like Vin does about you.”

Chris suddenly stood up and snatched his hat off the back of Buck’s chair, glaring down at Buck with his eyes gone a cold, stony grey. “That’s right, you don’t. If he doesn’t like something I say or do he’s damn sure capable of sayin’ so, and kickin’ my ass for it too if he thinks I deserve it. You’re not his keeper or mine, and you need to get your head out of your ass and think before you say somethin’ I can’t walk away from.” He turned away and stalked off quickly, boots and spurs loud as he clattered down the stairs and across the saloon, out the doors after only a moment or two.

Buck looked over at Vin, obviously expecting Vin to follow Chris, and when Vin showed no sign of getting up Buck pulled off his hat to scrub one hand through his hair. “Translate for me, Vin. Please? I’m not tryin’ to piss him off, honest. Chris is the closest thing I got to a brother. I just want to understand.”

Vin smiled crookedly. “No you don’t.”

Buck threw his hat down in Chris’ empty chair, scowling again. “I do, dammit! He’s my best friend! I just want to understand what’s goin’ on with him.”

“You know what’s goin’ on,” Vin said patiently, trying hard not to get annoyed by Buck’s attitude. He knew that Buck hated being confused and usually responded by getting angry, and it wouldn’t do any good for him to get mad too. Chris was mad enough for the both of them. “I’m not gonna try to explain the particulars to you, I reckon you can figure them out for yourself.”

Buck stared at Vin a moment and then sighed, shoulders slumping as he looked down again. “It ain’t about that. I can figure the—“ He fidgeted and actually blushed, and Vin suddenly had to work at it not to laugh at Buck’s obvious embarrassment. “The physical part just fine.” He looked up again, frowning. “It’s the rest I just don’t get.”

“We need each other,” Vin said softly, settling more comfortably in his chair. “It don’t get much simpler than that, Bucklin.”

Buck took a slow deep breath and then was quiet, obviously thinking, so Vin held his peace and let Buck think. Sometimes it took a while for an idea to really sink in for Buck, especially if Buck didn’t like it, so he’d give him some time. Vin was in no hurry, he knew how much Buck’s friendship meant to Chris and he’d be damned if it would be his fault that it ended. Chris hadn’t indicated he wanted Vin to leave with him, and Vin figured that meant Chris was hoping he could help Buck understand. Chris’ temper was already twisted up a bit too short for him to get it done and Vin knew that Chris realized it. That was why Chris had walked out. He didn’t want to keep snapping at Buck until they said things that couldn’t be forgiven.

“Vin is my very closest friend,” Ezra said quietly into the silence after a few minutes, looking at Buck. “And as his friend, and Chris’ as well, I find I must speak up, Mr. Wilmington.”

Buck actually flinched at being addressed so formally right after Ezra called Vin and Chris by their given names, and Vin wondered why Ezra had chosen to do that. He was sure it had been a conscious choice on Ezra’s part, but Vin didn’t quite see what the point to it was. Of course, he seldom did. Ezra’s choice of words could mystify him something awful when Ezra was trying to dance around a subject. He knew just exactly how to phrase things to leave Vin in the dust wondering what he had said.

“You are correct in assuming that my tastes run towards men,” Ezra went on quietly, “but you are forgetting that I am their friend as well. I would not step between them, even for a night, for all the gold in the US Mint.” Ezra’s eyes looked sad, and Vin was surprised a bit by the sudden impulse to reach out to him. Ezra seemed not to notice Vin watching him so closely as he looked into Buck’s eyes and said very softly, “They are very lucky men, Mr. Wilmington, and more deeply in love than you or I are ever likely to be so fortunate as to be. You know that quite well, if you would only forego indulging your prejudices against certain acts and see the truth. It does nothing to help yourself or your friends to doubt that a connection so strong could be anything other than good for them both.” Ezra paused and then added, “Personally speaking, I have greatly enjoyed seeing Chris laughing and smiling so much last night and today. I am rather pleased to see his outlook so significantly improved, and I would not see that end.”

Buck looked away, staring at the saloon doors for several minutes in silence before he finally looked at Ezra again. “You’re right, Ezra. It is good to see Chris so much his old self again.” He swallowed, looking down at the table before he looked at Vin again. “An’ I need to apologize to you, Vin. I know I’m bein’ an ass to you most of all, but it’s not deliberate.”

Vin smiled. “I already knew that.” He paused and then added, “Chris does, too. That’s why he left it for us to try to explain. He gets frustrated when he can’t make you understand somethin’ that's so plain and simple to him, Buck, an’ it makes him angry as much at himself as at your thick skull.”

Buck’s brow furrowed in confusion again, and Ezra said gently, “Chris is a very private man. It does not surprise me that he could not summon up the words to make even his oldest friend understand his feelings, or the reasoning behind his actions. He is not prone to explaining either.” Ezra smiled crookedly, amused. “On many occasions I have thought he does not even attempt to understand such things, relying on instinct to guide him instead. It has worked quite well for him, but it does make for difficulties when attempting to figure out his motives, or on the rare occasion when he wishes to explain them.”

Buck smiled finally, lips twisting wryly. “Yeah, I can see that. Ol’ Chris hasn’t ever been much for openin’ up and talkin’ about his feelings.” He ran his fingers through his hair again and then looked from Ezra to Vin, curious and still a little confused but smiling slightly. “How did you two know not to follow him? The way I been actin’, I doubt you stayed for my sparklin’ company.”

Vin chuckled. “Chris didn’t ask me to go.”

“And I do not abandon a friend,” Ezra added quietly, smiling. “I learned my lesson on that score quite some time ago.”

“He didn’t ask you to stay either, Vin,” Buck said, bemused. “I don’t see how you can know he wanted you to stay.”

“He didn’t go far,” Vin said, smiling. “An’ you know by now Chris don’t have to say anything to tell me what he wants. If he had needed me with him, I’d a been a step behind. He just needed time to cool off, so I’m in here talkin’ at you while he’s out there on the boardwalk tryin’ to forget he wanted to punch his best friend.”

Ezra chuckled softly, looking at Vin. “I rather think he wanted to shoot him, myself.”

Vin grinned at Ezra. “Nah, Buck didn’t cross that line just yet. Got awful close, but he’s got a little horse sense buried under all that hair.”

Buck blinked and just looked at them a moment, then snorted. “Okay, yeah, I’m an idiot. We can move on now.” He reached for his beer, draining the last of it and then putting down the mug as he gave Vin and Ezra a wary look. “Are there any other surprises waitin’ to spring on me?”

“Surprises?” Ezra asked, lips twitching into a smirk. “Such as?”

“I dunno,” Buck said with a soft laugh, “maybe Nathan or Josiah’s swingin’ both ways these days, for all I know. I don’t seem to know half so much about my friends as I thought I did.”

Vin snickered at that and Ezra smirked at Buck. “To the best of my knowledge you need not worry on that front, Mr. Wilmington.”

Vin grinned widely and added, “But Ezra’s got him a blind spot about six-two and an axe-handle wide, so don’t be too shocked if he’s wrong.”

Ezra looked sharply at Vin, eyebrows lifting. “Do I now?”

Vin smirked at Ezra, wondering if Ezra could be any more oblivious to the fact Josiah had been subtly flirting with him for almost as long as the two had known each other. “Been lookin’ that way to me, Ez, but I ain’t sayin’ no more ’n that. I could be wrong.” He laughed, remembering Josiah’s comment the night before when Ezra called him amusing company at the poker table. “But I kinda doubt it.”

Buck snorted. “You gotta be talkin’ about Nathan or Josiah, and ‘tween the two I reckon it must be Josiah. Nathan’s got him a stick up his ass, sure, but I’m pretty damned sure that’s all that’s been up there.”

Vin couldn’t help laughing at the way Ezra’s eyes widened, and a moment later Buck joined in the laughter while Ezra just stared at Buck like he had grown a second head.