Erin at the Stoplight
byWoodsLord_3540©

Erin was a petite, sweet girl that I dated for about four months. Very cute, a little lopsided grin. Shoulder length brown hair, slim figure, about five foot even. Nice hips, firm breasts about the size of baseballs and they stood out on her chest without drooping. Her nipples were rather on the small side, not standing out too much. It was for that reason that she rarely wore a bra. She weighed less than ninety pounds, which made it easy for me to pick her up. She had never been involved with a Dominant before, and had never had rope touch her pale skin. I was able to bring out an undiscovered submissive streak.

By our second time out I had her undressed and reclining on her sofa. I was kneeling on the floor beside her, leaning over, sucking and biting on her nipples. I was delighted to find that if I licked and got her little mounds of flesh wet, I could suck and pull the entire orb into my mouth. I loved that sensation, a mouthful of breast.

After about twenty minutes sucking and nuzzling, she was breathing deeply and very raggedly, with lots and lots of moans. It was then I discovered something else about her. Suddenly, she stiffened and with many "Ooohs" and "Aaahs" and "Oh Gods" she arched her back, her head rolling back. I was curious and looked up at her. After a moment she sighed, looked down at me and giggled.

"I just came, that was wonderful, weird but wonderful."

To my great pleasure I realized I had found a girl who could orgasm from just having her tits manipulated. To be sure of this I continued for a while, being careful not to touch between her legs. I sucked harder, making her breasts wetter and redder from the pressure, and witnessed her coming twice more. Her hips bucked and she reached for her pussy, but I held her hands and would not let her touch herself. Really cool! She later told me that coming like this was slower and left her breasts sore and sensitive but the results were well worth it.

One night, we went out, dinner and dancing. She wore a pretty blouse, filmy but not really see-through, and a short swirly skirt. Before we left I stood her before me in her living and told her that she should look forward to our coming back to her place, that she was not going to get a lot of sleep that night.

"And to remind you while we are gone, I am not going to let you to wear these."

I lifted her skirt, hooked my fingers in her panties and pulled them down, to puddle around her ankles. She looked down, smiled, stepped out of her panties and we left, leaving them in the middle of the floor.

We had a nice dinner and went to a club for music and dancing. She was an energetic dancer and I (many and others) had a blast watching, for as she twirled, her skirt flared out; those in the right seats had no doubt of what was not under. Erin seemed to have no problem showing herself, which was important to me.

So, we left about 2am and were driving home. It was a warm weekday night; there were few cars on the road. I had her blouse unbuttoned, spread to expose her little tits, pinching and rubbing her nipples. It was fun to watch her nipples become visible as we passed underneath the streetlights. I pulled and pinched, getting them as erect as possible. After a while I moved to the hem of her skirt and lifted it to her waist, tucking it under her seatbelt. As my fingers played with her lower lips she moaned and sank down in her seat a little, spreading her legs for me. It was so erotic seeing my fingers glisten in the lights. I pulled on her sparse pubic hair; she liked the stinging sensation. She was enjoying my attention but unfortunately getting very, very frustrated.

Why? Well, my car was a manual drive. I would sink my fingers into her pussy and then have to shift. I would pinch her wet and swollen lips and have to shift. I would rub her clit and have to shift.

After a while, Erin grabbed my hand and held it still. With a whine in her voice, "Please, either pull over and finish me or just take your hand away, I can't take this teasing anymore, PLEASE!"

I smiled and said OK. We were traveling down Clairmont Road in Decatur, which is a wide four lane at that point. The light ahead of us turned red just as I got into the turn lane to go left. I could see no one in the mirrors or in front of us nor to the left or right, so I threw the car into Neutral and set the parking brake. I reached for her and slid my right hand back between her thighs.

Erin sighed and straightened up in her seat, spreading her thighs apart further. She closed her eyes and let her head fall back. Her mouth relaxed and her jaw fell also. I pressed harder into her slick passage and she started gasping harder. I saw the light turn green for us, but I did not move, merely put my left hand across to her left nipple and rolled it between my fingers. The traffic light turned again and cast a red glow into the car and made her nipples even pinker. The scent of her pussy permeated the air in the car.

Then, with no warning, a car pulled up next to us and stopped for the light; I had not seen anyone coming. My first instinct was to pull back but I was able to overcome that reaction. Erin's eyes were closed; even with the windows down the other car's presence was evidently not noticeable to her. After all, her attention was focused on my fingers and my twiddling on her clit and hole.

I looked across. The driver had dark hair and glasses; by leaning forward I could see beside him a pretty blond. As with most drivers he did not look around, much less our way, so I kept my fingers moving in Erin's pussy. Her head was still back and her breathing was becoming more rapid. She was starting to grunt and moan. The light turned, the signal showing that I could make my turn. I did not move.

Seeing the light and noticing that the car to his left was not moving, the guy finally looked over. It was a classic double take as he focused on Erin with her mouth hanging open, me leaning over, with no doubt of where my hands were. He said something and the blond leaned up and looked. Her jaw dropped from surprise and then formed a big grin. I smiled and nodded at them and the blond gave me a little finger wave. She scooted forward in her seat to lean on the dash.

I wanted to enhance the show and so used my left hand to spread Erin's blouse, exposing her breasts for these strangers. I saw the blond raise up a little for a better view. Then I reached for Erin's left hand and raised it and said, "Erin, play with yourself, pinch your nipples for me, make yourself come quicker." With her eyes still closed, she smiled a little and placed both hands to her breasts and started pulling her nipples. Now that my left hand was free, I pushed two of my fingers into her mouth; she started sucking.

The couple across from us continued to stare at Erin.

Erin then started her orgasm. Her back arched, her fingers pinched harder, her pussy became wetter, her head went back farther and it hit. She screamed with no words, just one long moan that was never ending. Her hips bucked and I almost lost contact with her pussy. I pressed harder, pushing further into her hole and was rewarded with a gush of liquid from her core.

All this took about three cycles of the light. At last, Erin relaxed, came down from her ecstasy and settled into her seat. She pulled my hand from between her thighs and raised my fingers to her lips, kissing them.

She turned to me, opened her eyes. "That was just wonderful, oh, it felt so good."

"I liked it a lot, Erin," and kissed her nose, "and they did too." I nodded my head towards her side of the car. A look of confusion crossed her face and she turned to her right. The couple was grinning ear-to-ear and the blond gave Erin the same little finger wave she had given me.

Erin was speechless. Her blouse was still open, her nipples still in view and she grabbed the material and pulled it around her. She sunk down in her seat and tried to get below the level of the window. But she never took her eyes away from the couple, looking at them with disbelief.

The light turned, I made the turn, wondering if the couple would try to follow, but no, they did not. I accelerated away and drove down the street.

Erin turned to me and struck at me with her hand. "How long had they been watching? Did they see me the entire time? I cannot believe that you let someone see me like that!"

I was laughing. "They were beside us almost from the beginning, they really enjoyed watching you come. In fact they are probably going to be inspired by you to do the same thing."

Then it was but a few minutes for Erin to calm and regain her sense of humor. "Did they really see me come? And hear me?"

"Oh, yes, and they had a pretty good view of your nipples as you played with yourself. I thought you looked lovely, coming for strangers. I only wish I could have shown them your wet pussy." I drove on for a minute and then spoke again. "But for right now," my voice becoming stern, "take off your clothes."

"Now? Here? You've already got everything on me exposed!" This would be the first time I would have Erin naked in my car. In a few minutes and after a little discussion, she complied, placing her skirt and blouse at her feet. (We were to have many discussions of this sort during our time together, every one of which she would lose.)

I thought of going back to her place, but then realized I wanted to stay out for a little while longer. I drove to a private place I knew, behind an elementary school, and I bumped up over the curb to drive behind where no one would ever find us. I killed the engine, flipped off the lights and we were in darkness. I never have the dome light on, so there was nothing lit as I opened my door and got out. I walked to her side of the car and opened her door. Crouching, I reached between her legs and found the seat release. I pulled it and pushed her seat all the way back. Erin started moaning again as I stood in front of her and she watched as I pulled off my clothes, tossing them on the roof of the car.

I pulled Erin to me, she still sitting in the car, and I guided her head to my cock, which was so hard it ached. She opened her mouth and I held her head steady as I fucked her face, pushing into her throat. She was never able to learn to deep throat, but I got far enough in that after a moment she placed her hands on my hips to push back a little so she could breath. After a little while of this, me pressing into her throat and her pressing back so as to get some air, I pushed her back in the seat. Somewhat awkwardly, I crawled between her legs; so as to not kneel on her clothes, I threw them into the back seat. I grabbed her sweet ass cheeks, lifted her and with no hesitation found the center of her pussy and sunk my cock deep into her. Her wetness allowed me easy entry and she grunted at the intrusion.

I took her hands and held them over her head as I leaned over her. I pushed deep into her cunt and started thrusting into her. She was still sensitive from her orgasm and soon came again on my cock. While I fucked her I questioned her, asking how she enjoyed being seen as she came. She moaned more as I promised that she would be seen in more ways, even to the point of someone watching her get fucked. With those words in her head she orgasmed again, her pussy squeezing my cock and this caused me to erupt suddenly and explosively.

It felt like minutes as I filled Erin with my cum and she hugged me tight to her as my cock softened and eventually slipped out of her. She whined at the emptiness but I told her to just a wait a little while, "You're not going to be empty long." She kissed me and crawled back out of the car. I pulled my clothes off the car and got dressed. Erin reached for her clothes but I pulled her skirt from her and used it to wipe my cum from the seat below her pussy. I threw her clothes into the rear window, and told her she had to learn that nakedness in my car was expected.

Later, she was quite embarrassed, running naked, arms over her breasts, from the car to her front door.
