When Lister awoke the next morning he was acutely aware of a headache that let him know he’d drunk far too much alcohol in the last couple of days. When he finally worked up the courage to open his eyes, he realised he was lying alone in a bed that wasn’t his; and he didn’t have any clothes on. Oh, this was just great...He couldn’t remember a thing. And then, after a moment or two of confusion, he recognised his surroundings as Alex’s quarters. 

Alex.

He closed his eyes again and groaned. Oh god, what had he done? Had he just wrecked the closest friendship he’d had with anyone since he was ten with one stupid drunken mistake? He sincerely hoped not. But then, why else would Alex have got up and bolted, leaving him here on his own; unless it was because he was too embarrassed to face him? He pulled the pillow over his head and kicked his legs against the mattress in angry frustration. He couldn’t believe this was happening! It was so unfair!

Finally, tired out and feeling very hung-over, he lay still and sighed. He supposed he ought to get out of here before Alex came back. Otherwise they’d have to go through the whole cringing performance of not knowing what to say or how to act around each other; and seeing the shattered remains of their friendship displayed first-hand. It would be better if he just left now and they could both lick their wounds in peace, without the added pain of having to see each other’s shame at what they’d done. Miserably, he pulled on his clothes, sloped into the bathroom to pee and gargle, and then made his way sadly to the door. Which opened.

He froze as he and Alex came face to face. Fantastic. If he’d been five seconds faster in the toilet he would have made it out. He bit his lip. What to say? What to do? 

“Hey, you’re awake,” Alex said, “Sorry I vanished on you; I just popped out to get us some stuff for breakfast. You want some coffee?” He smiled tentatively. Lister was flummoxed. He hadn’t expected this. “Ummm...” he said, not quite sure what to do. Alex’s smile faltered, “You weren’t just going to leave, were you?” he asked softly, sounding hurt. 

“I...You weren’t here...I thought...” Lister explained awkwardly. Alex’s smile returned. “It’s okay,” he said, “You want coffee?”

“Yes,” Lister said gratefully. He was just so relieved that Alex wasn’t angry or anything, that the rest of the discussion could wait. 

They stood together in the small kitchenette as Alex put the coffee on and unwrapped the breakfast goodies he’d bought. Blueberry muffins and chocolate croissants. Lister had a notion that Alex felt he had done something wrong that he needed to make up for. He chose a muffin. “Did you sleep okay?” Alex asked, with only a hint of awkwardness. 

“Fine,” he replied airily, “I went out like a light.” Alex risked a teasing smile,

“You were snoring earlier. That’s what woke me up.”

“Oh,” Lister blushed, “Sorry.”

“It’s okay.” 

Their eyes met and Alex half-smiled, “Last night was a bit crazy, wasn’t it?”

“Yeah. You could say that,” Lister nodded, half-smiling back.

“I don’t know what came over me. It was a stupid thing to do. You’re my best friend and I wouldn’t want...” Lister waved him into silence,

“Alex, man, don’t worry about it. It’s cool. We were drunk. These things happen.”

“You’re not pissed off with me?”

“No,” Lister said, genuinely surprised, “I mean it’s not like it was a one-way thing. I was pretty...involved...in what happened too. It would be a bit hypocritical to blame it all on you.”

Alex seemed to relax slightly, “Anyway,” he said, “Lots of guys jerk off with their friends. It’s not a big deal. It’s just...something to fill the time between women.”

“Yeah,” Lister agreed, “Loads of guys do it.” They paused.

“We probably shouldn’t tell anyone though,” Lister said.

“No. They’d just get the wrong idea and think we were gay or something,” Alex remarked disdainfully; “Especially as we spend so much time together and everything. They wouldn’t understand.”

“It’s so stupid. To say two grown men can’t have a close friendship and...muck around occasionally...without being gay.”

“Exactly. Being gay is a whole...lifestyle thing. Not just getting your rocks off with your best mate now and then.”

“I mean sex is sex, right? Doesn’t make much difference to your dick who’s doing it, as long as it’s getting done and it feels good.” 

“Yeah! And I mean it wasn’t even as if what we did was proper sex anyway. Not like real gay guys do.”

“It was just...an extensive gesture of friendship.”

“Right.”

Satisfied they’d made their point, they fell silent. Alex poured out some coffee and Lister finished off his muffin. A single blueberry crumbled out and fell onto the worktop. Alex sighed dramatically, “You’re so messy!” He picked it up and popped it into Lister’s mouth.

He didn’t know why he did it. Perhaps he was just responding playfully to the intimacy of the gesture, or maybe a part of him was just reacting subconsciously to this new situation, this new feeling, this whole new possibility that had opened in his mind since last night. Either way, he caught Alex’s fingertips gently between his lips and for the briefest moment, sucked them softly as they slipped from his mouth. 

Alex caught his breath. They stared at each other. It was like standing on a threatening landslide. If they moved, the ground might shift and something huge would happen, carrying them along with it and it might bury them altogether. But you had to move eventually... 

Alex stepped towards him. Lister’s breath quickened. And then his back was against the counter and they were kissing ferociously. It happened so fast he didn’t even remember them starting; just one moment they weren’t kissing, next moment they were. And this time they were sober. Stone cold sober with no excuses and as hot and horny as hell for each other. 

The landslide had started...and it had turned into a full-scale avalanche.