Best friend made to watch 
by Gofrogit 

Dinner party gets out of hand. 

So after the masturbating in the toilet at work fiasco, which resulted in you missing your deadline, tearing your skirt, having to go about with no knickers on, and then having to cook dinner for your Best Friend and me, it was really all starting to get a bit much. You just wanted to go to your room and have a quiet cry and a bit of a wank to finish yourself off. Instead, you had to prepare a three-course dinner at which we all drank rather too much wine. The conversation inevitably turning to sex and the frustrations of your BF’s sex life. 

“All I ever end up doing is masturbating to the sounds of my roommate fucking her boyfriend next door,” she moaned. 

This gives me an idea and I proceed to hitch up your skirt at the dinner table while you protest. 

“No I don't want to do it in front of her, and she doesn't want to watch me be humiliated. How could you!" 

I ignore this and put my hand up your skirt while your naughty friend smirks at the situation, which threatens to get out of control. 

"Please don't let her see me aroused, it's not fair on her." 

That may be, but that’s exactly what I do want her to see. I yank down your top and your tits fall out of your bra, nipples erect. You moan in shame and anticipation as I hitch your skirt up around your waist, pull aside the soaking crotch of your thong, and jam two fingers into your sopping cunt. Your friend doesn't know where to look and offers to leave, but can't take her eyes off the rhythmic entry of my fingers in and out of the space between your thighs. She wants to go and frig off somewhere private, but I want her to watch you being fucked, and so does she. It all happens with alarming rapidity, the next moment you are bent over the dinner table with your face in the desert as I slam my rampant cock straight up your cunt from behind. 

It's all too much for BF and she can't resist squeezing her hand down the front of her tight stripy jeans and as she watches the approaching orgasm on your face, which is now smeared with the remains of her desert. So before you think you might at least get satisfaction today, I decide that the whole thing has gone far enough. You have actually started to eat the remains of her desert, and your BF is now ignoring us and getting on with her own business involving her nipple, so I pull out of the instant gratification of your hungry cunt and shove my pulsing cock straight down the back of your throat. 

Your cries are muffled and your eyes open wide in alarm as I begin fucking your cakehole in rhythm. BF leaves off fiddling around with bits of her body and watches fascinated as the entire length of my cock disappears down your throat. She holds her hand over her mouth and works the other under her jeans as you give in totally. I put my fingers back up your dripping wet cunt and we both watch as you alternate wildly between orgasming and gagging. In the end, you keep the pulsing spunk down of course. You are surprised but proud of yourself, letting your BF watch as you open another hole for my delight. BF is trying to get off in her too-tight jeans but looks alarmed as I force an entry into your rear, the deep cries issuing from your throat, pulling your hair back, and showing BF your 'O' face. Doing it so unashamedly in front of her is a double turn on for you and me. BF thinks it's all getting a bit out of hand and offers to leave us to it. 

“I think I’d better be going now…” 

You are past caring and want to be totally humiliated in front of your naughty friend. 

“Don’t you want to watch me getting fucked in the arse?” 

BF mutely settles back to watch, slipping her hand back down her jeans, opening and closing her thighs rhythmically in time with my careless thrusting, her eyes on stalks as she watches your arse open to me and the pleading look on your face as you begin to cry and moan like the bad bad girl you are.  