Webslut Madison
byRockwellray0©

Webslut Madison Ch. 27

Madison is finally hacked and exposed for good.

It all started out like any other day, or, at least, any other day for Madison, as she slowly made her way to class. It was eleven days after her punishment. Not much had changed. She continued to wear her prescribed outfits, and delighted in the slightly warmer weather March was bringing. On this Tuesday, she dressed in a slightly too short pink skirt and a tiny crop top, no panties of course.

Madison was starting to get used to the looks. There were "I want to fuck your brains out" looks that she got mostly from men. There were the "I hate your guts" looks and the "why do you have to ALWAYS dress like such a whore" looks that she almost exclusively got from women. Those were the main ones, but there were other ones too, the "why would you wear that?" looks, and the "I wonder if she likes being stared at" looks, and her personal favorite, the one she sometimes got when she was sitting down, the "whoa, you're not wearing panties!" Looks.

So, it wasn't all that strange at first when she got an "I hate you" glare as she walked across campus to class, followed by a "mmmmm, there's that slut that's always half dressed" look, followed by a "what a stupid whore" look and an unusually long "OMG when are you just going to be normal, Madison!" glare as she walked down the hall on her way to the classroom

But then she started to notice something. This morning was different. Yes, different. People stared, sure, but the stares were, well - different. A group of three girls all stared at her, their conversation ceasing while she walked by. Their heads, as if on a swivel, turned around to look at her backside as she walked past, their conversations coming to a standstill or, if they continued, went on only in hushed tones.

"Hey Madison!" A guy smiled wide as she walked by. "Umm, hi," she said with a meek smile. What was going on? She really started to wonder. Wherever she walked, conversations were held in whispers. Everyone stared, all at once, as if she were an exotic animal in captivity at the zoo. She started to look around, nervously, wondering what was going on.

And when the people weren't staring? They were buried in their phones, eyes wide, in disbelief, or whispering quietly to themselves, stealing glances at her when they thought she was not looking. A couple of the guys giggled. It was like she was on display at a butcher shop or something.

"Alyssa," she thought. "Alyssa could tell me." Madison looked around but Alyssa was nowhere to be seen. "Of all days - why would she skip class today!" Madison lamented.

Her heart pounded. Something wasn't right, and she knew it, she just couldn't tell what it was. Madison swallowed her saliva. She started to listen, hearing some of the whispers. "There she is!" She heard. "OMG, why even show up!" Madison looked around the room. It was Kim's class, but she had not yet arrived, although she still had a couple minutes.

Suddenly, the loud-mouthed foreign girl in the back spoke up. "Hey, Madison, check your insta!"

Madison slowly pulled her phone out. The conversations around the room died out slowly, being reduced to whispers, and it seemed like the whole class was comprised of people holding their breath, waiting for something. Madison scanned the room again as she brought her phone to breast height. She swiped up, her phone recognized her face, and she pushed the icon for the app she had been pointed to.

"Ummm, what the hell?" Madison said, shaking her head in disgust. "I can't - it won't let me in!" She heard a couple snickers, but mostly everyone held their breath. It was like they were waiting to see if a buzzer beater shot was going to go through the hoop or bounce off into oblivion.

Suddenly the foreign girl was behind her. "No, she can't get in!" She announced to the class.

"Says my password is wrong?!" Madison replied.

Madison looked around the room, confused. She stood there in her little half shirt, not understanding why she couldn't get in. Then someone handed her a phone.

Madison gasped. It was a picture of her! Mostly nude. All over Instagram. And there, along with the picture, was a link. And it was not just any link - it was a link to the website where her most humiliating, objectifying video vault was held. Her entire Webslut Madison collection.

"No! No no no no! Fuck!" She cried out. Her heart leapt into her throat. She could not believe this had happened! How had this happened!? She couldn't believe it, all her videos would be tied specifically to her! To her personal Instagram! Where anyone who followed her could see!

"Oh, fuck - - fuck!" She called out. Several of her more knowledgeable classmates snickered, already having seen her video and photos for most of the morning.

The next several moments were a blur. She looked around in a daze. Suddenly a hand was on her body, from behind, touching her side, reaching up, up...

"Hey, Webslut Madison," said a voice. Before she could turn around, someone was feeling her tits.

"Guys, I'm not -" she began, but she didn't really know what was going on. She didn't really react to the guy squeezing her tits at first. "I - why can't I get in, fuck! I have to see what - what the fuck else is on there!" She looked around. "Seriously, how fucked am I?"

"Gang fucked," one guy said with a laugh. Her face turned bright red as she realized her classmates had watched her throw herself at several guys she just met.

"Your life is ruined, Madison," a girl said in a voice that made it impossible to distinguish whether she felt sorry for Madison or whether she delighted in her predicament.

"She asked for it, though," a guy said rather quietly. By now even the students who were not previously aware had their phones out and were putting it all together. At the same time, three guys converged on her mostly-exposed body.

"Just take it off, Madison."

"Yeah, SLUT. Where's it written today? I want to see. Make sure you follow the rules!"

"Fuck! You guys, please, I -" She stammered. She was trembling. Fuck, she thought, she knew it was going to happen eventually, but like this?!

Someone was grabbing her shirt. "Don't worry, she fucking wants it," one of them said. She grabbed her shirt, raising her arms up, bending with the motion of the pull of the shirt, to her right. Another grabbed her skirt and lifted. Suddenly there was a gasp.

"Fuck!" She called out. Her skirt was pulled up - whether by accident or on purpose she wasn't really sure. The top was a couple inches below her crop top hem, and the bottom was barely covering her navel. Her shaven pussy was on full display, her plugged ass visible to anyone behind her. And above her pussy, as she had been instructed to always do, was the tell-all word, in black letters, now visible to all: "slut."

The room fell silent for a split second, then there was a roar. There were gasps, there were cheers. There were people suggesting that Madison be left alone and allowed to mind her business. There were people saying "Oh my God!" and countless variations of that.

And just when Madison stood up to adjust her skirt, the professor walked into the room.

"Class, let's settle down," she said without anything more than a glance at Madison. "I know Madison decided to come out as a Webslut this morning, but we have class to focus on. Madison, please cover up, that's what the internet is for. Oh, right, you already know that."

Madison had never been more humiliated in her life. Shaking, she just stood there before picking up her bag and walking to the front of the room. Kim, the professor, stopped talking, her mouth open in disbelief at what happened next.

"So, yeah. I'm a slut. I admit it. See?" She lifted her skirt again in case anyone didn't get a good look the first time. Something snapped inside of Madison as she lifted her skirt and displayed her pussy to the entire class. A tear started to stream down her face, but her pussy was soaking wet. She was lost in her own thoughts, barely recognizing that her classmates were staring at her or that her professor was speaking again.

"It's over, slut," she thought to herself. "Your life's over. You're exposed. You wanted it and now it happened and this is what it feels like. Do it, slut. Make it worse. Make it so nobody ever forgets - so anytime they think of you, this is all they think about." Her pussy was soaked. She trembled, she craved this.

"Madison, show and tell is over," the professor said. But Madison didn't exactly hear.

"Show them everything," said a voice in her head. "The cat is out of the bag. They know all about you. Now finish the job." Madison let her skirt fall back into place. She quickly grabbed her shirt and bra by the bottom with two hands and pulled up, giving the class a full view of her breasts. Tears began to fall and she sniffled and stammered "I - I gotta go," before grabbing her bag and walking out the door.

"Let's move on. You can all stare at her tits later if you like. She's all over the internet, as I'm sure you know," the professor said. The class laughed in unison. Madison stole a glance back into the classroom, in disbelief that her professor - who just days ago was trying to save her from self-destruction - would now attempt to further her humiliation.

"Yeah, settle down," one of the guys said. "You can grope her outside of class."

"You know she's begging for it."

"Yeah, what a fucking slut."

Madison thought she heard something about a gangbang, but she was in the hallway at that point, and the door closed and she wasn't really sure.

It was too much. She couldn't take it anymore. Seconds later she rushed into the bathroom, pulled her shirt up, locked herself in a stall, and went at it, recording every second.

"Ohhhhh fuck, I - I'm Webslut Madison! I'm Madison Holt and my - ohhhh yessss my socials just got hacked and spammed with my - ohhhhh yes! All my videos, my links! Yessss! Everyone at school knows! My whole class knows I'm Webslut Madison and I loooove it! Ohhhhh it feels so good to be exposed!"

She spoke loudly. Maybe there were people in the stalls next to her, but she wouldn't have noticed. She was shuddering, her voice shaking as she fucked herself with reckless abandon and recorded every second.

"Ohhhh and my whole school is going to see this! And watch it and know I found out and I wanted it, I craved it! And know it turns me on so much I - ohhhh yessss! I left class and went and fucked myself in the school bathroom because I'm such a helpless, exposed, desperate slut cunt!"

"Ohhhh yesss! I want the whole school to use me! Come on- all my classmates - keep ruining me! Make it never stop! I need this, ohhhhh GODDDD YESS!"

"Ohhhh thank you! Thank you for using me, exposing me! Ohhhhh yes I'm such a SLUT! MY WHOLE SCHOOL KNOWS! OHHH MY PROFESSOR KNOWS! Ohhhh, mmmmm! Yessss I'm so ruined! OHHH! I WANTED IT! Ohhhh yes thank you! Ohhhhh keep it going no matter what I say! Ohhhhh I'm a stupid fucking slut! Ohhhhh yes I'm going to cum! I'M RUINED AND EXPOSED! And I LOVE IT and I'm going to CUMMMM!"

Madison exploded, her body falling backwards on the toilet she was sitting on. She shuddered and her legs shook relentlessly as she allowed herself the release.

Madison sat there quivering, softly stroking her pussy, enjoying the rush of having been completely humiliated and in no hurry to stop the camera. "Just think," she said with a smile. "My whole school is going to see this. They're all going to know that - like - I know they know, about me, and - that it turns me on! That instead of trying to take my life back, I decided to make it worse. And that when they all found out, I just kept posting - knowing they're all going to see it!"

"Oh God, best orgasm ever! Damn. I'm going to have no reputation left!" She commented with a laugh. "That's okay, I'd rather have it this way." She turned off the video, posted it, adjusted her skirt, and left.

She walked through the hallway to the exit, wondering what she should do next. Over the next several minutes, the blood began to leave her engorged pussy and return to her brain. And she had achiever release, which - of course - seemed to bring her good-girl side to the forefront as she became legitimately humiliated by what she was - and what she had done. Suddenly it dawned on her that it wasn't just her school friends and classmates who could see her Instagram - it was people from her high school, her hometown. There was the cute guy that worked with her mom that she had met last summer, and so on - all the sudden the connections were just getting too close. "If that stays up, there's no way I'm safe from my parents finding out..." she thought.

"Fuck, what do I do now?!" She wondered. She was starting to become torn between figuring out how to fix her Instagram and ripping off her clothes and ending any semblance of a reputation she had left from a metaphorical point blank range.

"God, I - I fucking asked for this, I - I begged for it. And look, you stupid cunt, look what happened! Now it's on Instagram! Anyone could see it, all my friends - fuck, my family, oh God!" Maybe she could destroy her reputation, but she had to make sure her parents didn't find out about it - at least not like this, and not now!

She trembled as her dripping wet pussy tugged her in a different direction. "I should do it. I should just become the full-blown slut I know I am. God, that would feel so good! I'd just - fuck, I'd write Webslut Madison on my stomach and just walk around and advertise myself. I'd leave no doubt about what I am. Fuck, I'd be so humiliated and so desperate, I'd just let it all go and - fuck!" She started to rub her pussy through her skirt momentarily as she walked.

Just then, she got a call from Dan. Not a text, a call. She wondered why he didn't just text her, but she figured she had better answer.

"Hey, Madison, uhhh - did you just lose your mind this morning, or what? Couldn't take it anymore?"

"Is this about the Instagram?" He just laughed. "Dan, I - I fucking got hacked. Somebody hacked into my account and posted that shit!"

"Convenient excuse," he said with a chuckle.

"I'm serious! I can't even log in, they changed my fucking password! I can't take it down! I'm royally fucked!"

"Oh, shit, you're serious?" He was starting to realize it wasn't Madison's decision after all.

"Yeah, well - what the fuck do I do?!"

"Any idea who did it?"

"No! Who the fuck would -"

"I mean - it has to be somebody who knows you. Like, knows who you are AND about Webslut Madison."

"Maybe some creepy fuck was stalking me, Dan! Like, saw me online and found me, the real me, my Instagram and everything and decided to hack it and expose me? I don't know!"

"The real you? I think Webslut Madison is the real you," he pointed out.

"Well it will be now!" She practically shouted. "Jesus, Dan! That's all anyone is going to think about when they think of me!"

"Yeah, you're pretty fucked, aren't you. Completely exposed. Just how you always wanted, right, slut?" He was toying with her now. "How does it feel?"

"I'm horny as fuck. I just flashed my entire class and walked out. I just fucked myself to orgasm in a bathroom stall and posted the video! I don't know whether to fight or just give in to it! It feels so amazing, so erotic, but so terrible and humiliating!"

"Well what is your gut telling you?" Madison looked down at her literal stomach. It was, as was normal these days, completely exposed for all to see, like it was begging her to just accept her fate. But was that what she really wanted? Did she really want to just ruin her life, or was it really supposed to just be a hot fantasy while she showed herself off and degraded herself to get off?

"I - I mean - I think I'd rather stop it. For now, anyway."

"Then figure out how to get your account back. And figure out who the hell did it so you can keep it from happening. Was it just Instagram or was it other apps too?"

"No, just that - I mean - that I know of. Hang on." She checked her twitter and Facebook, they were fine. Her Snapchat wouldn't let her log in.

"My Snap is fucked up. Did anybody post anything there?"

"Let me see - no, looks normal," Dan said.

"What the hell? I don't get how my snap and my Instagram are both not letting me sign in!"

"Uhhh, did you use the same password for both of them?"

"Yeah, I use the same password for pretty much everything, but -"

"Yeah, well - that's how! Once they figured out your Instagram, they found you on Snapchat and they changed both the passwords and now you can't log in!"

"What the fuck! And who knows what else they are getting into!"

"Okay. Go right now and lock down the ones you can still access. Change your twitter password and your Facebook password. Then text me and I'll tell

you what to do next."

"Okay. Hey - thanks, Dan."

"Yeah, no problem."

Two minutes later, Madison had changed her passwords, and texted Dan the news.

"All done. What now?"

"Call me."

"Hi, Dan," she said when he picked up.

"Hey. So - basically - you might want to change your password anywhere else you've used that one. Bank, credit card, school accounts, anything. And we need to figure out how to get Instagram to take the stuff down and do something about your Snapchat before it's next. What's most important to you?"

"Instagram," Madison said quickly.

"Okay. Did you notice anything else strange today, any weird emails or anything?"

"Not that I remember."

"Okay. So basically - I mean, you could report your account as hacked, but then it could be iffy regaining access to it, and if you can't, you might have to start over."

"Yeah. It just seems so personal, you know? Like somebody wanted to fucking expose me. Somebody wanted to ruin me. You know?"

"Yeah, any idea - I mean - is there anyone you know that would want to do that?"

"No! That's the thing, and it - it's so - no, I don't know! Dan - be serious - it wasn't you, was it?"

"No! I mean - I've fantasized about it - but like - I don't know your passwords! And I'd only ever do that with your consent! Well - I mean you did kind of ask for it. But - it wasnt me. Seriously!"

"I know I did! It could be literally anyone. But how the fuck did someone get my password!?"

"Was it an easy one to guess or something?"

"No! That's why I felt OK using it. And I don't know how - wait. OH. MY. FUCKING. GOD."

"What? Madison, what happened?"

"I fucking - oh my God, I gave - I gave my twitter password to Alyssa the other day -"

"Alyssa? You trusted her?! I mean she seems like kind of a deviant-"

"Yeah, well - you're a fucking deviant too and I trust you! So that doesn't mean anything!"

"So do you think you could get her to take it down?"

"I mean - it might not even be her - but if it is - I could probably get her to - but it's just, you know - what would I have to do to get her to do it?"

"What do you mean, like a ransom or something?"

"No. Well, she's - I mean - she'd take it down. But I'd have to do something crazy. Like -"

There was a long silence. "Like what?" Dan asked at last.

"Like she had talked about an end of year open invite gangbang, for example. Or she'd make me dress even sluttier, if that's even possible. Or basically advertise myself somehow or just do something really public and degrading. The only thing is - I mean - never mind, I guess."

"Well maybe find out if it's her, and what her price is if it is, and if it's not then report it hacked."

"Yeah. Okay."

"Alright. Good luck."

"Thanks."

It only took Madison a minute to come up with a conversation starter with Alyssa after she hung up with Dan. At first, she thought about confronting Alyssa directly, but then decided against it.

"Hey, didn't see you in class today," she texted.

"You mean you actually went?!!!! You got exposed on IG, surprised you even showed your face today!"

"I left. After I got groped and flashed the whole class. Then I fucked myself in the bathroom. See latest video!"

"Wow. Slut!"

"I know. Too horny for my own good."

"So...you liked being exposed on IG like that?"

"Yes and no. I'm always going to crave it. It feels so good!"

"But it's going to completely ruin me! And I can't get in to take it down, my password was changed!"

"Oh, shit!"

"Ok. Have to ask bc I gave you my twitter password. Was it you?"

A couple minutes went by before Alyssa responded.

"Come over and talk. I can help."

"Fuck," Madison thought. It was probably her. But if it wasn't, she'd be wasting precious time with her when she should be working taking down the posts. She took a breath, sighed, and went straight to Alyssa's apartment. Madison barely even noticed the guys staring at her anymore, or the girls giving her nasty looks as she walked.

"Hey, come in," Alyssa said as she greeted Madison at the door. "Bad day, I take it?"

Madison sighed as she walked in and sat down next to Alyssa on the couch.

"Yeah."

"I mean, you did ask for it," Alyssa said with a wry smile.

"Yeah. Alyssa, I need to know - did you do it or not? You're the only one I gave that password to. So if it wasn't you, some douchebag hacked me and I need to figure out how to fix it."

"My first piece of advice? Don't use the same password over and over," Alyssa said with a grin. "Second, don't beg for things you're not sure you want. And third? Never give anyone your password. Anyone, even someone you trust."

"Alyssa!!! Why?!"

"Well - I mean as a dominatrix I have people beg for things they aren't sure they want all the time. "Fist my ass, Miss! Kick me in the balls, Miss! Dress me up in lingerie and whip my ass, Miss!" Some decide they need it and become repeat customers. And some just want to see someone experience that cruel treatment so badly that they become a subject. And then they feel so humiliated they regret every second. Won't even say hello if they see me at the mall. But in order to find out what you really want - sometimes you have to experience it."

"No! Why? Why did you expose me?!"

"I thought you wanted it!"

"I did - I mean, part of me does - I mean, you know - I want to be exposed, I really do. I want it! But - I can't really explain. Can you please just take it down and give me my account back?"

"I could, but what fun would that be?"

"Alyssa! Please! It's been bad enough already. Do you know what I did? I went to class and everyone was staring at me like I'm a freak. And then someone tells me to check IG and I can't get in. And then guys start groping me and someone shows me the posts and then I knew I couldn't stay there but I showed the whole class my pussy and tits on my way out and before I knew what was happening I was in the bathroom with my fingers in my cunt, making a video, getting off and telling everyone how much I loved it!"

"Well, in that outfit, no wonder -"

"No! I mean I flashed on purpose, Alyssa! Like at the front of the room, lifted my skirt, lifted my shirt and might as well have just stripped naked!"

"You fucking slut! See, you needed it!"

"I don't! I need someone to contain me, not push me into self-destruction! I'm going to get there fast enough on my own! Please, please take it down!"

"Fine. You want it down, I'll take it down."

"Whew! Okay. Like, now, okay?"

"Okay. But you're going to do something for me."

"I fucking knew it! Why?!"

"Because I'm a mean sadistic bitch," she said with a laugh.

Just then Alyssa got a call on her cell. Madison sat impatiently as she listened to Alyssa argue with the caller.

"Yeah. This afternoon. Two o'clock. But it'll cost you. Depends on what you want this time. Oh? Oh, for that? Let's see. Three hundred. Yeah, you heard me you desperate cunt! Three hundred or wait until you have it. No, I'm not your fucking pimp, Amy! I don't care how cheap of a fucking whore you are or how desperate or pathetic you are. I'm not wasting my time whoring you out again today. Whore yourself out, get the money, bring it to me, and I'll hurt you. And I'll make it good, too. Yeah. I don't care where, it's not my problem! Because you're easy and cheap and nasty!

"Another way? Oh, you saw that, did you? And you're willing to be - you know, you'd sign a release, let me put the content up? OK, think about it. See you later."

"Fucking regular. Housewife type, husband on business, but he leaves her no money. So one time she comes here and she's all desperate and I do her a favor and find a couple equally desperate college guys to whore her out to. So she can pay me. And now she thinks we have some sort of arrangement for that every time she craves a little pain."

"Can we talk about my problem now?" Madison interrupted.

"Oh, yeah. So like I was saying, you're going to do something."

"What?" Madison asked. She held her breath, not sure if she wanted to hear the answer.

"I need a video. Something nasty."

"After you take the post down, right?"

"I normally wouldn't do that, but you know. I guess I will. Because I consider you a friend."

"Ok. What's - what's the video for?"

"I was reluctant, but I finally decided to start creating content on a fan subscription site."

"And you don't have anyone else to -"

"It's not that. It's like - yeah, I have people that pay me. To hurt them. Humiliate them. But almost all of them are married and sneaking away from their husband or, usually, their wife, and they would rather pay me per visit than let me sell subscriptions where people watch their videos. Because they can't have it getting out, what they're up to. Except - except Amy, apparently."

"But - you - you wouldn't be IN a video with me a couple weeks ago - -"

"Yeah, I've been thinking about this for a few months. I don't want people to get something for free that I can make them pay for. So I can't have videos floating around out there."

"Oh. Okay. I get it."

"And another thing."

"What?"

"No names. At least, not my name. I don't want you using my real name in the video."

"And what would I need to do? In the video?"

"Degrade yourself. Let me slap you, whip you and spank you, crop you, gag you, beg me for more. Lick my feet and tongue my asshole. Get facefucked with a strap on. Basically just rough you up and talk down to you."

"That's it?" Madison replied.

Alyssa laughed. "What did you expect?"

"I don't know. I - I'm not giving you ideas."

"Spill it, or the deal is off."

"Shit. I mean - I thought you'd make me do a gangbang. Or you'd do something insane like putting needles in my tits or piss in my mouth or something."

"No, nothing that crazy," Alyssa laughed. "Just a special for my page where I can say Miss A. roughs up Webslut Madison. And make some money."

"Fine. I'll do it, okay? Now take it down. From my IG."

"There, done," Alyssa said, handing Madison her phone. "But I'm not changing your password until you make the video."

"Fine."

"And if I'm not satisfied with the result, or you back out, your snap gets it next."

"Alyssa -"

"Then do as you're told, slut," she said, stroking Madison's face. "That means refer to me only as Miss. Act submissive, either like you want every bit of it, or like you hate what I'm doing but you are too turned on to stop it. Agree with everything I say. Got it?"

"Yep."

Alyssa gave her a hard slap across the face. "That's yes, Miss, you stupid cunt. Get in character. Now."

"Yes, Miss." Madison said. She dropped to her knees and waited as Alyssa started recording.

"And thank me when I fucking hit you, slut." Madison soon felt the sting of another hard slap.

"Oh! Sorry, Miss. thank you, Miss!"

"Good. Stand up and strip. Now!"

Madison didn't waste any time. She stood and ripped off her shirt and her bra all at once and then dropped her skirt.

"What's that?" Alyssa asked, pointing to the writing above her pussy.

"Oh, it - it says slut, Miss."

Alyssa approached and slapped her five times across the face in rapid succession.

"Why would you write that on yourself? Are you a slut?"

"Yes, Miss."

"Did you do that just for me?"

"I do it every day, Miss."

Alyssa grabbed her throat and spit on her face. "Is that to show to people? Or just to remind you what you are?"

"It's a rule, Miss. I must do it every day, or -"

"Or what?"

"Or I get punished."

"Did anyone see it today."

Madison hung her head as Alyssa let go of her throat. "Yes, Miss."

"How many?"

"About twenty."

"You showed twenty people that you're a slut?"

"I flashed my whole class my pussy and they all saw."

"Did you enjoy showing them all what you are?"

"Y-yes, Miss." Madison took three more hard slaps to her face. Alyssa knew based on Madison's trembling that she was no longer in character. Her reaction was genuine.

Alyssa reached out and twisted Madison's nipples harshly. "You enjoy being humiliated, don't you, slut?"

"Yes, Miss." Madison bit her lip.

"Good. Let's humiliate you then. What's your name."

"Madison Holt," she said with a smile. It vanished when Alyssa slapped her again.

"Turn around, Madison holt. And bend over the couch and let me see your ass."

Madison did as she was told as Alyssa sat down before pulling Madison over her knee and caressing her ass.

"Tell me about yourself."

"I'm Madison Holt. I'm going to school here to be a teacher, I'm from Naperville. And I'm Webslut Madison, that's - that's my page online." Alyssa started to spank her ass.

"What's your biggest turn on?"

"Being exposed online as a slut to everyone and having my reputation ruined."

"And what's the state of your reputation currently?"

"It's - it's that I'm a complete slut, wanting to have my life ruined, Miss. My reputation is basically in the toilet."

"There's a lot of videos of her, just google it, you'll see," Alyssa said to the camera.

"You're such a pathetic little cunt." Alyssa spanked her hard. Red handprints were forming on her ass.

"Ouch! Yes, Miss!"

"You need to be spanked and exposed and humiliated, don't you, slut?"

"Oh! Yes, Miss!"

"You said you were studying your be a teacher. Are you ever going to teach?"

"Honestly, probably not."

"Why not?" Alyssa hit her hard.

"Because I'm - I'm exposed as a slut all over the internet and anyone who tries to hire me will see it."

"What do your parents think of that? Haven't you disappointed them?"

"I don't think they know, but -"

"You want your daddy to know you're an exposed slut, don't you!"

"Oh! Owww! Yes, Miss!"

"Sit up. Say it to the camera."

Tears formed in Madison's eyes. "Daddy, I - I want you to know I'm an exposed slut and I - I like it too much and I can't stop."

Alyssa hit her in the face again and spit on her.

"Again."

"Daddy, I'm just an exposed, humiliated embarrassment slut daughter. I'm sorry I'm such a worthless whore, but I need it."

"Why?"

"Because it makes me cum so hard!"

"I think someone needs to be punished for being such an exposed slut. I'm sure your daddy wouldn't mind me taking matters into my own hands, would he?"

"He would be mortified, Miss. But I don't mind!"

"Get on the floor, ass in the air." Alyssa left briefly, then returned with come toys. She clamped Madison's nipples and her labia, slapped a collar on her neck and connected it to a leash in her hand. "Crawl for me, slut. Show me how pathetic you are!" Madison slowly crawled around the apartment as Alyssa lightly whipped her ass.

Finally, Alyssa sat on the couch and pulled Madison close by the leash. She spit on Madison's face and laughed. "Now take my heel off and suck my toes. Now!"

"Yes, Miss," Madison said meekly. She deliberately removed Alyssa's left shoe, a black leather ankle boot style heel, and seductively took Alyssa's toes into her mouth as she looked up at her.

"You nasty little cunt. My feet are superior to your mouth, aren't they?"

"Yes, Miss. I'm such a pathetic cunt." Madison moaned longingly as she licked and kissed Alyssa's foot.

"How do they taste, slut?"

"Amazing, Miss. I'm just your little foot sucker."

"I haven't even showered today and the bitch is loving every second."

"Mmmm," Madison moaned in delight.

"Such a dirty whore."

"Yes, Miss."

"Was it worth it? Exposing yourself to your entire class? Being outed on social media?"

"Every second, Miss!"

"Wouldn't daddy be proud of you."

"He'd be so disgusted and disappointed, Miss."

"Good. Put my shoe back on and go get my crop off the table."

Alyssa watched as the shoe was delicately placed back on her foot and Madison stood to go to the table. Alyssa stood quickly and smacked Madison in the face.

"Owww!"

"I didn't say anything about standing, did I?"

"N-no, Miss!"

Alyssa beat Madison's face in rapid succession until her face was on the floor. Her hair was tousled, tears ran down her cheek. Alyssa simply put her heeled shoe on Madison's neck.

"S-sorry Miss. Thank you, Miss."

"Now CRAWL to the table and get the crop. Get the strap on while you're at it."

Madison did as she was told, the chains connected to her clamps dragging the floor as she debased herself. She placed the crop in her mouth seductively and held the strap-on in her hand as she slowly crawled back, her eyes filled with tears.

Alyssa took the crop. She struck Madison hard on the ass. "Count for me."

"One, owww! Two, Oh! Three!"

"You're going to wind up a hooker, you know that?"

"Four! I dream about it, Miss! Five!"

"Five. A five dollar whore, isn't that right!"

"Yes! Ohhh, six! Yes, Miss, yes! Seven! A dirty five dollar - eight - whore for any cock!"

"What about pussy?"

"Owww! Nine! Pussy too!

"And what would they get for five dollars?"

"Ten! Owww! A three holed piece of shit cum dumpster! Eleven!"

"Three holes for five dollars?"

"Owww! Twelve! Yes, Miss! I'd be a cheap whore!"

"Why?"

"Thirteen! Because I'd force myself to take thirty dicks a day to survive! Ohhh! Yes, Miss! Fourteen! Keep going, Miss!"

"You like that? You want more? Want me to hurt you?"

"Yes please, Miss! Ohhhh! Fifteen! Sixteen! Seventeen! Ohhh fuck keep going! Eighteen! Nineteen! Twenty!"

"Roll on your back. Now!"

"Miss?"

NOW!" Madison complied.

"Now I'm going to crop your (crop) filthy (crop) dirty (crop) clamped (crop) whore (crop) cunt!"

"Owwww, ohhhh, yes, YES!" Madison shrieked.

"Sit up," Alyssa commanded.

"Yes, Miss."

Alyssa started to put the strap on around her waist when Madison began to speak.

"Miss, I - I want you to destroy me. Like - hurt me and abuse me and make me cry."

"If you want more than the usual pain deliverance, there's a charge for that. You understand don't you?"

"Yes, Miss. I will pay. How much?"

"Seriously. Pay me. I'll take a hundred for your first time with me."

"Yes, Miss."

"What would you like me to do?"

"Abuse me. Throatfuck me until I gag and puke and make me cry for real. Choke me. Slap me repeatedly. Just what you've done but don't hold back. I have the hundred in my bag."

"Get it, slut."

Madison went to her bag and pulled out five crisp, clean 20 dollar bills. When Alyssa had them in her hand, she took a belt and secured Madison's arms behind her back at the elbows. Madison offered no complaint.

"Look at you. Fucking paying me to make porn starring your sorry ass. And make it more painful."

"I'm especially pathetic, Miss."

"You asked for it, bitch. There's no going back. Would you like a safe word? One word of caution, you use it and we're done, but I keep the dough."

"No safe word, Miss. and treat me like a fucking worthless object."

"Isn't that what you deserve? What you're used to, even?"

"Yes, Miss."

"And Miss?"

"Yes?"

"Can you send me the video? To post it later?"

"To Webslut Madison? So everyone who saw your dirty little IG exposure this morning can see what a whore you were after you were posted and exposed?"

"Yes, Miss.". Madison stared at the floor.

"No. This is for my subscribers to watch. Not for your followers to enjoy for free."

"Okay."

"That's YES MISS!" Alyssa corrected and jammed the strap on dildo in Madison's mouth. Madison tried to apologize, but it was no use as her mouth was filled with the fake cock.

Alyssa knew she was helpless. She jammed it in the back of her throat, hard, slapping her face repeatedly. Madison's eyes welled up with tears as her face was abused. Her pussy began to drip.

In and out Alyssa thrusted her cock. She grabbed the leash and pulled Madison close. Madison opened wide, gagging. Every time she gagged, Alyssa pulled the cock out and slapped her across the face. It was the harshest she had ever been slapped. Soon her makeup was ruined and lips started to bleed, but she smiled at Alyssa with pleading eyes.

"Are you done, cunt?"

Madison shook her head.

"MY GOD," Alyssa screamed as she rammed it as hard as she could into Madison's throat. "When will you know enough is enough!" She grabbed Madison by her head and forced it in as far as it would go, bear-hugging the back of her head and not letting up for air.

Madison squirmed, but she was restrained too well. She was supremely aroused and could barely breathe. Completely helpless, she started to gag, gag repeatedly. The saliva and mucus filled her mouth, she could not breathe at all. She vomited, the spew erupting from her mouth and covering her tits.

The next thing she knew, Madison was cumming, quivering, helpless and abused. She shook violently but Alyssa still did not let up. Finally, Madison collapsed to the floor in an orgasmic heap as Alyssa pulled away.

"You're cleaning that up, cunt," Alyssa said.

Madison laid on the floor, a complete mess, quivering and shivering.

"Wow. You got what you wanted?" Alyssa asked.

"Miss, I - you didn't make me lick your ass yet!"

"Fuck, bitch. Are you begging to tongue fuck my ass after all that?"

"Yes, miss," Madison said with a smile.

"I changed my mind. You don't need it. And if you do, you can pay me. Got it?"

Madison nodded and Alyssa turned off the camera.

"The bucket and sponge are under the sink. And don't you dare stand until my floor is spotless."

"Yes, Miss." Madison said before crawling to the kitchen. As she crawled on her hands and knees, naked except for her clamps, she wondered if maybe something like this would be the life for her. She didn't need to be a teacher. Maybe she didn't mind being exposed after all. But there would be time enough for that, if it hadn't completely gotten out already.
