Day 40

Jack was left alone for several days running and he was most grateful. The ladies brought him the best daily reports they could, but no one knew where Gwen was being held, only that it wasn't on the Valiant. They seemed to think the Master had left him alone due to his preoccupation with the supposed rebuilding of the Time Lord Empire. His infatuation with those plans was going to wane eventually. Everyone knew it. Jack could only embrace the days he wasn't paid a visit and steel himself for the inevitable day he was.

He was happy that the Master didn't seek him out, but that left Jack too much time to think. All too often his mind wandered to that sinking feeling of dread and abandonment he'd felt on the Game Station as he watched the TARDIS fade into nothingness and leave him behind. Jack's thoughts coursed back through time and forced him to relive some of his worst deaths. The agony of those deaths compounded ten-fold by not knowing, not understanding. Why? How? For more than a century he'd lain in wait for the Doctor to return so he could get his fucking answers, and what did it amount to? He's wrong? He's a fixed point in time. An accident of Rose's human compassion and fallibility.

Jack tried to stop the Master's words from echoing through his head. "Your blind loyalty to the Doctor, when he never gives you a second thought. He runs from you, abandons you, and yet calls upon you to help him when I have him under my control." The words were insidious and kept finding their way back into his thoughts.

He shoved those thoughts aside abruptly. Instead he dragged a memory of Ianto out of his reserves.

"Beg your pardon, sir. Did I overhear that you suffered a personal loss yesterday?"

Jack sighed at memories of Estelle. "Yes. I did."

"I'm sorry for your loss."

"Thank you, Ianto."

"Is there anything else you require this evening?"

Jack had wondered if he should push their fledgling relationship or take a step back. Ianto had taken the decision from him. After a brief conversation wherein he had quietly told Jack he admired and respected him as a leader and his ability to make the hard decisions, the right decisions, no matter the personal cost, Ianto had clearly issued an unspoken invitation. One that Jack had jumped on enthusiastically.

In that moment, Jack was hard pressed to think of a sight prettier than Ianto's arse bent over the top of his desk. 
………………………………………………………………………………………

Jack was surprised that his guards didn't immediately strip him when they filed into his cell later that day. They took him down, secured his hands behind his back, and marched him out of the cell.

"None of us serve him by choice, Captain," a voice said just behind his shoulder. Jack turned slightly to see that it belonged to one of his guards -- the one who almost always oversaw Jack's stripping and re-chaining.

"Then why do you?" Jack asked.

"The same reason you've begun to give in to him. He holds our loved ones hostage."

"Shit," Jack whispered. "I'm sorry to hear that." It did explain this man's unusual concern with Jack's comfort and dignity where his own orders were concerned.

"We all do what we can for you, Captain, but when he gets it into his head he's going to do something to you, we're powerless to stop him."

Jack nodded his understanding.

"In the end, the only thing I can do is send one of the ladies to help when it's over."

Jack's stride faltered at the implication of the guard's words. They were all risking something to send him comfort after his encounters with the Master, and he was grateful. "Thank you," was all he could think to say.

The guard opened a nearby door. Once inside he saw that it was very large bedchamber nearly the size of the main area of the Hub. The bed was a large, overdone affair with a wooden canopy and too many pillows.

The guards retreated and he heard the door lock. Francine emerged from a door across the room, walked to where he stood and released his wrists.

She kept hold of one hand and led him toward the door from which she had come. "The Master ordered you brought to his bedroom and cleaned up. Thoroughly," she explained. "The guards thought you might be more comfortable with my help instead of theirs. You know, a gentle mother's touch and all." She smiled up at him as they stepped into a large, well-appointed bath suite.

"I think I have everything you'll need, Captain. You have about an hour before he said you had to be ready. Would you prefer a shower or a bath?"

Jack looked down at the oversized bathtub that would hold at least two full-grown men and it occurred to him that if he and Ianto survived any of this, he was going to make a point of finding a tub like this one.

Jack shook himself from his reverie. "I'd love a good soak, but I haven't been clean in so long, I don't want to sit in my own grime. I'll shower."

Francine moved to the stall and started the water. "I'll let you adjust the heat to your preference," she said, turning away. "Just leave your clothes in a pile and I'll do what I can to clean them up a bit."

Jack did as instructed and left his disgusting clothes in a pile. At first the water was too hot for his comfort, but with a small adjustment it was just right. Jack sighed deeply at the wonderful sensation of hot running water. He'd missed this. He stuck his head under the spray and let it run through his hair.

He stepped out from under the water in time to hear Francine say, "There's soap and shampoo and a few other niceties in there, but I have more out here. Let me know if you need anything, Captain."

"Francine," Jack called over the sound of the water, "call me Jack. The number of times you've seen me naked means we should be on a first name basis by now." He began to shampoo his hair, rubbing his scalp briskly and loving it.

Martha's mother chuckled. "If I were Martha's age, Jack…."

"You don't need to be Martha's age, Francine. You're a fine specimen of a woman just as you are." Jack ducked his head under the spray to rinse his hair.

Francine laughed. "We have no idea how you manage to keep flirting with all you're going through."

Jack inhaled the clean scent of the soap before lathering his body with it. "Nothing should get in the way of good flirt!"

Relishing the heat of the water and the sensation of being clean, Jack washed his hair again, and then lathered up his body one more time. He had no idea when he'd get this chance again, so he made the most of it.

"You wouldn't happen to have a spare toothbrush, would you, Francine?"

"Waiting for you out here, Jack."

Reluctantly, he shut down the shower. Immediately a pair of towels appeared above the top of the frosted glass door. Jack wrapped the first around his hips and attacked his hair with the second as he exited the stall. "Do I ever feel human again." He said with a bright smile.

"You certainly look and smell a lot better!" Francine said with an answering smile and a gesture toward the basin where a plastic wrapped toothbrush, toothpaste, and a travel-sized bottle of mouthwash sat waiting for him. She rummaged around for something while Jack brushed more than a month's worth of grime from his teeth.

When he had rinsed, Francine appeared behind him and began to run a comb through his hair. When the tangles where out, she put a substance in the palm of one hand, rubbed them together, than ran her hands through his hair. Settling a few strands the way she wanted, she stepped back and admired her handiwork. "That's the best I can do for you."

"More than I could ask for," Jack replied, meeting her gaze in the mirror. She was mothering him, he realized. He didn't exactly remember what it was like to be mothered. Jack found he rather liked it, which felt just a bit embarrassing.

Francine looked away and began to pack up everything Jack had used. "I feel a bit like I'm preparing the lamb for slaughter."

Jack turned to face her. "Not to worry. I'm a wolf in sheep's clothing."

She smiled at his joke then handed Jack a small pile of white linen. "He wants you to put these on."

Jack took the clothes and shook them out, examining the drawstring linen trousers and matching tunic. "Well, it's better than I expected," he said with a raised eyebrow as he began to dress.

Francine left the bathroom and Jack heard her speak to someone. It sounded like Tish. Once dressed, Jack stepped out and saw that it was indeed Martha's sister, and she carried a large tray heavily laden with food. Jack's stomach growled at the sight.

The women cleared away a small table framed by some comfortable looking chairs and set the tray down. "He sent this," Tish said.

With a deep sigh, Jack sat down and looked over the fare. "He's trying to seduce me." he said flatly. This change in tactic made Jack uneasy. It was an insidious way to try to get into his head. Not only was it working, but also it left him without an answer as to why.

"It's better than what he's done to you in the past." Francine said, her tone glum.

"Don't worry about me, ladies," Jack said as he began to eat. "And thanks for everything." He gave them both a wink and they smiled before retreating through the bedroom door.

A lamb to the slaughter indeed. Jack tried not to think about it. He was clean and getting fed and he'd already resigned himself to what he must do to keep Gwen alive and safe. He'd be okay in the end. He just wouldn't think about it too much.

……………………………………………………………

Over an hour later, the Master burst through the door of the bedchamber. Jack looked up, startled, and then tried to resume his calm slouch.

When the Master saw Jack, he stopped abruptly. "Well, hello, gorgeous!" he growled.

Ordinarily such a reaction would have gained the speaker an enthusiastic flirtation, but Jack stayed silent, eyeing the Master warily.

"You do clean up nicely, Jack. I must say." The Master approached and ran a hand down the back of Jack's head.

Jack pulled out of reach abruptly.

"I would expect some gratitude since I've seen to it you've had a shower, some nice clean clothes and a great meal," the Master snapped, moving to peruse the remainder of the food.

"Why should I be grateful that you restored things you had no right to take away in the first place?" Jack countered.

"I didn't have to do these things for you at all, you know." The Master took the chair opposite Jack's. He couldn't help but notice the way the Time Lord's foot tapped in a rhythmic four-count beat where it lay crossed over his knee. Jack heard that tattoo in his dreams now.

"You don't need to be keeping me captive in the first place."

"But I so love having you around!" the Master said with that smile that always turned Jack's stomach. "We've had some fun, you and I. Haven't we?"

"No," Jack said flatly.

"And whose fault is that?" the Master demanded, getting up to pace. "You refuse to say my name and you insist on resisting me. It's no wonder you don't enjoy our little interludes."

"I've never known anyone who enjoyed torture," Jack said.

"What are you complaining about? You rise from the dead all healed up. No lasting damage."

"Oh, I don't know, maybe it's the hours of agony before my death that I object to."

"It doesn't have to be agony, Jack." The Master stepped behind him and placed his hands on Jack's shoulders. He tried to move away, but the Time Lord held him fast. "Just say my name. Stop resisting my power and it could be hours and hours of ecstasy." The Master dragged his fingers up Jack's cheek.

"I'm sure your definition of ecstasy differs from mine." Jack pulled away from the offending hand. "A lot."

The Master moved away from Jack to stalk around the bedroom like a petulant child throwing a tantrum. "Don't forget, Captain! I killed your precious Dr. Harper because you defied me. I still have little PC Cooper who could suffer the same fate if you don't start obeying me as you should."

His words brought Jack up short. He was suddenly reminded of his vow to do whatever he had to in order to keep Gwen safe, and Toshiko and Ianto out of the Master's grasp. "Owen didn't deserve that kind of death," Jack said, his defiance draining away, leaving only resignation in its place.

"Deserving has nothing to do with it. It was merely an exercise of my considerable will."

Jack didn't reply.

"So, Jack. Are you going to accept my kindness or do we adjourn to your cell for a viewing of some entertainment featuring your little girl, Gwen?"

Jack drew a deep breath and realized he was at a crossroads. It was time to protect his team with the only weapon he still had at his disposal. He couldn't make himself move toward the Master, but he could sit silently. Jack felt powerless. His powerlessness was all he had left to use.

"Does your silence mean capitulation?" the Master asked, stepping toward Jack. This time when he reached out to touch, Jack didn't pull away. He even managed not to flinch. "Now we're getting somewhere."

The Master drew him to his feet, making him feel like a fucking virgin bride as he led Jack to the center of the room. Jack couldn't bring himself to look the Master in the eyes, but he did force his body to give up all resistance.

Jack realized he was in over his head as soon as the Master kissed him. It was hot and wet and sloppy and disgusting. However, he returned it as enthusiastically as he could. He'd been a con man. He was adept at fooling people. Making them what they wanted to see and believe what he wanted them to believe. This was no different.

Or so Jack told himself.

The Master's hands were everywhere. Jack felt them run up his chest then snake around to roam up his back, only to drop down and grasp his arse. The Master's offending hands reached out to grasp Jack's soft cock. Was he going to have to try to get hard? The Master rubbed him, cupped his balls, and squeezed his entire groin painfully.

Jack felt the cruel hands move to his shoulders and roughly push him to his knees.

"You know what I want," the Master hissed.

On his knees, Jack was eye level with the Master's cock. His mouth went dry, which was not a good thing. He willed himself to relax. He'd done this before. He'd endured this before. This was nothing. Breathe deep and relax. He reached for the Master's fly and opened it, pulling the Time Lord's erection from his trousers.

"Say it, Jack," he heard from above him.

"I want your cock," Jack said, his voice a low monotone as a sense of degradation swamped him.

"And I want you to have it." The Master made it sound magnanimous.

Unlike last time, Jack had use of his hands so he steadied himself on the other man's hips, took a deep breath and wrapped his lips around the Master's cock. He slid down the shaft slowly and finally managed to work up saliva. Jack drew himself back up the erection until he held just the head between his lips.

He kept his eyes shut and his mind on other things as he worked the cock with his mouth. He went fast and deep, thinking to get it over with quickly.

"Open your eyes, Jack," the Master said.

Jack snapped his eyes open but remembered at the last second not to look up. He continued to suck while he let his mind drift.

Jack had just latched on to a more pleasant thought when he felt a sharp blow land on the side of his head. Stunned, Jack toppled over to land on his side. How could he have allowed himself to drop his guard, even for a moment?

The Master stood over him, enraged. "I told you not to avoid me, Jack!" The Time Lord grabbed him by the hair and dragged him back to his knees. "You stay right here, with me. No retreating inside yourself."

A second blow landed on Jack's temple and he crashed back to the floor. He stayed where he'd fallen, unsure what the safest course of action was. Should he go back to sucking the Master's dick? Or wait to be told what to do? Jack floundered in confusion. He was used to being in control and knowing what to do. Now that he was stripped of any and all power, he was at a loss for what to do to keep the Master from hurting or humiliating him further.

The question was answered when the Master's hand gripped his hair again and yanked him up to his knees. Jack was made to crawl to the large bed as the Master dragged him across the carpet with painful tugs.

Jack was forced face down on the bed. He felt the trousers he wore jerked down over his hips and torn from his body. The Master climbed on to the bed between Jack's thighs and pinned him to the mattress with a rough hand between his shoulders. It took everything Jack had not to use his superior weight and strength to throw the other man off. He'd already pushed it too far with the Time Lord. This was going to hurt, but any more resistance from Jack could well mean disaster for Gwen.

The Master lay down on top of Jack and growled into his ear. "You're going to stay right here with me every moment, Captain. Understand?"

"Yes." Jack whispered.

"You're not going to go hiding inside your own mind." The Master bit down hard on Jack's earlobe. "I want you right here feeling every inch of me up your arse. Knowing it's me up your arse. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes."

"Good," the Master growled, and Jack felt his weight shift as the Time Lord reached for something Jack couldn't see. He jumped when the Master's cold, lube-covered fingers pressed themselves inside of him. Moments later, the Master's cock was pressed between the cheeks of his arse.

Jack gripped the coverlet with both hands and steeled himself. The Master drove himself deep into Jack's body with one thrust, his weight added to his leverage. Jack turned his face into the bed. "Fuck!" The pain was searing.

The Master rode Jack's body roughly, his thrusts hard and fast. Each downward snap of his hips shoved Jack's body into the bed. He tried to keep his shouts and screams to a minimum but the pain was intense and unrelenting. He felt his body give and tear jaggedly. He felt when his own blood began to mix with the lube. Jack grit his teeth and fisted the coverlet. He knew his cries would fuel the Master, but some of them he just couldn't help. At this moment, Jack hated the Time Lord for making him weak, for making him feel used and dirty.

He was so focused on his own pain and humiliation that Jack was unaware just when the Master slipped the cord around his throat. Jack's abused body felt split apart from the Master's violent thrusts when he felt the cord tighten. The man above became much heavier because he was no longer supporting his own weight. The Master continued to tighten the cord around Jack's neck and cut off his air. The intruding cock continued to invade his body, ripping and tearing him. He longed for the unconsciousness the cord would bring.

It became harder and harder to breathe, and Jack saw stars. The pain receded slightly and he knew he would pass out soon. His body relaxed the Master's thrusts continued to pummel him. Jack felt ashamed for a fleeting moment as he realized he was once again fleeing his torment. Then it all went black.
…………………………………………………..

Jack gasped his way back to life to find he was alone in the Master's bed, still naked from the waist down as he lay on his stomach. He slid from the bed and headed for the bathroom. The blood was the only lingering sign of what had happened. There was no stiffness or soreness for which Jack knew he should be grateful. He tore the tunic over his head and turned on the shower. He stepped into the scalding spray and reached for the soap to erase the traces of blood. It would do little for his shame.

As he rinsed, Jack felt himself begin to tremble. He eased himself to sit down on the tiles underneath the spray. Jack drew his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around his knees. He dropped his head down and let the water beat down around him.

Jack couldn't remember ever feeling so filthy and disgraced. He'd allowed the Master to use his body for his own pleasure. He hadn't fought back. His body had been torn apart and still he had no guarantees that the Master wouldn't harm his team. Jack felt less than useless. He hoped none of his team would ever see him like this. He wouldn't be able to endure that.
…………………………………………………………………………………………..

Jack snapped his head up at the sound of Francine's voice calling his name. He scrambled to his feet before he responded, "In the shower, Francine."

Her shadow appeared outside the frosted door. "Do you need anything, Jack?"

"Towels and clothes," he responded numbly.

"Both are right here," she said. "Ready when you are."

Jack shut off the water and a towel appeared just as before. They repeated their entire routine from earlier, right down to Francine styling his hair. This time, though, Jack's own clothes were back.

Tish brought a neatly folded stack of blue and white into the bathroom. Now this, Jack thought, would make Ianto happy.

"We cleaned them as best we could for you." Tosh explained in a soft voice. "A couple of your guards donated some things, like a new vest." She shook out and held up the pristine white garment.

Jack took it from her. "Thank them for me, would you, Tish?"

She nodded, then Francine shooed her daughter from the room. "We'll let you get dressed, then. We've been told to take you back now."

"I'll be right out," Jack said.

When he stepped into the bedchamber dressed in familiar, somewhat cleaner clothes, Jack saw that the ladies had removed the coverlet from the bed. He felt a strange sort of embarrassment as he imagined the state they had found it in and wondered what they thought. A knock on the door interrupted his mortified musings.

The guards filed in and secured Jack's hands behind his back. "Sorry to have to take you back, Captain." The guard who had spoken to him earlier was back.

Jack only nodded in understanding as they led him from the room and back down the corridors of the Valiant.
…………………………………………………..

Day 41

It was Tish who visited him the next morning. She greeted Jack with forced cheerfulness. "Good morning, Captain! Ready for your delicious breakfast?"

"As long as it comes from your hand, Beautiful!" he replied with what he thought of as his trademark wide smile.

"There's a rumor circulating," Tish said as she fed Jack the horrid paste. "The Master caught another member of your team."

Jack's face fell and cold fingers of dread crawled up his spine. "Any idea who it is?" he asked.

Tish shook her head. "We don't even know if it's true or not." She tilted her head to the side as if considering. "Unless," she began, "does it mean anything to you that whoever they might have caught was leading the troops away from someone they wanted to stop from tampering with Archangel?"

"Oh, God. Ianto," Jack whispered his heart in his throat and a sick feeling in his gut. "Toshiko would be trying to take down Archangel." He wanted to deny it. Jack almost believed that raging against it would keep it from being true.

"It's not for sure they actually caught anyone else, Jack." Tish tried to be reassuring.

Jack sighed heavily and looked directly into Tish's eyes. "But Tosh would try to figure out how to crash Archangel and Ianto would do anything he had to, to buy her time."

"We'll try to find out more for you," Tish said solemnly as she turned to go.

"Thanks, Tish. But I'm sure if the Master has Ianto, he won't wait to rub my face in it."
……………………………………………………….

The guards marched Jack to the Master's bedchamber once again. Francine awaited him with the linen clothes from the day before.

Jack had changed clothes and was waiting when the Master stormed into the room, slamming the door behind him. He crossed the room and grasped Jack by the hair, yanking him from the chair.

The sharp pain of his hair being jerked from his scalp was matched by the burning of his knees as he was dragged across the carpet. Jack struggled to keep up with the Master and not fall over completely.

When they reached the door, the Master spoke. "I'm locking this door from the inside, Jack. But it's an isomorphic lock. Only I can open it."

Jack knelt before the door and looked at it, comprehending fully. He was trapped inside the room with the psychotic Master and the only way out was with the Time Lord's DNA combined with his living vital stats. If Jack brought any harm to the Master, he wouldn't be able to get out. Jack felt he had reached a new level of helplessness.

"Do you understand, Jack?" the Master asked fiercely, yanking on Jack's hair roughly.

"Yes," he replied.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, sir."

"That will do for now, but you will say my name soon, Jack."

Dragged to the center of the room, Jack's knees were raw and on fire now.

"Eyes on the screen, Jack. Time for a little show." The Master grasped Jack's chin and forced his face up to view the huge wall-mounted monitor.

The picture flashed into focus and Jack saw two kneeling figures, hoods over their heads. His heart sank. He didn't need the hoods removed to know who he was seeing. Gwen still wore the same clothes she had been in the last time. The other figure Jack would know anywhere.

Ianto.

The hoods were removed and Jack could deny it no longer. He felt sick to his stomach. Fear crept up his spine and he knew a fresh kind of impotence. He truly had no choice any longer but to give in to the Master's whims.

The Time Lord knelt down next to Jack and whispered into his ear. The hand not grasping Jack's hair snaked its way up beneath his tunic and began to stroke across his chest and abdomen. "I'd like to draw your attention to the jewelry each of your precious kiddies is sporting."

Jack took note of the wide metallic collars Gwen and Ianto each wore.

"Come with me back to the door," the Master sing-songed as he led Jack back across the room. "Now touch the handle, Captain."

Jack slowly reached out a trembling hand and laid two fingers on the handle of the door. As soon as his skin touched the metal of the handle, two loud repetitive beeps were heard from the monitor.

"That sound," the Master whispered into Jack's ear, "is of the countdown to the destruction of your beloved team members."

Jack pulled his hand back as if he'd been bitten.

"It's their jewelry," the Time Lord said gleefully. "If you try to leave this room before I disengage the lock," the Master made the sound of a mock explosion, "Bye-bye to Jack's kiddies!"

Jack clawed through the sense of desolation he felt. The Master had created the perfect cage for Jack. He could survive whatever damage the door could inflict when the lock was breached, but by linking the lock to Gwen and Ianto he had ensured Jack's complete surrender.

"Do we understand one another, Jack?"

"Yes, sir."

"Good." The Master released Jack's hair and moved away.

Jack stayed kneeling by the door and waited to be told what to do next.

"Come to me, Jack. Come show the reverence you owe me."

Numbly, Jack pushed himself to crawl across the carpet on hands and knees that were still aflame. As he slowly approached the Master, he kept his head down and focused on the Time Lord's shoes as they came into view. He stopped crawling and placed his forehead down on the Master's feet. Jack's debasement felt complete.

"That's right." The Master's voice was cruel. "I own you, Jack Harkness."

Struggling against a suffocating helplessness, Jack chose to remain silent. He hoped that response seemed submissive enough to placate the Master.

"Kneel up," the Time Lord said.

Jack sat back on his heels, keeping his head bowed. He was surprised by the blow to the side of his head. It knocked him to the floor and he grunted in surprise and pain.

"I didn't say you could lie down. Kneel up, Jack," the Master ordered in a cold, calm voice that chilled Jack to his core.

He struggled back to his knees.

A closed fist landed on the opposite side of Jack's head, once again sending him heavily to the floor. "Kneel up, Jack!" the Master ordered immediately.

Jack pushed himself upright again.

The next blow caught him in the jaw and he felt the corner of his mouth tear. This time he hesitated only a moment before he pushed himself back up to his knees.

"You really are a quick study," the Master said, cruel laughter in his voice.

The next blow landed in the same spot, and Jack felt his blood trickling down his chin. He pushed himself back to his knees. He was shaky, but he stayed upright.

"And so we have obedience," the Master said, and Jack felt his gut twist at the truth of the words.

The Time Lord stepped around behind Jack and delivered a swift kick between his shoulder blades. He landed face down this time, barely breaking his fall with his hands. Before he could recover he was pinned to the carpet with a foot to the back of his neck.

"Now that we understand one another," the Master said, "it's time for some ground rules. There are none except those I make up to suit myself."

"Yes, sir," Jack said, his voice muffled slightly by the plush carpet.

"Hands at your back," the Master ordered curtly.

Jack complied and he felt wide cuffs fastened around his wrists. The foot at his neck was removed and he was jerked roughly to his knees by his bound wrists. Jack grunted at the stress on his shoulders.

The Master knelt next to Jack again and ran his hands over Jack's body. "You are a beautiful human, Jack. But then you know that, don't you?" The Time Lord's hands made their way underneath Jack's clothing. "What is it about you that inspires such loyalty in those that know you?" The Master's hand was under the waistband of Jack's trousers, roughly stroking his cock.

Unsure if he should answer, Jack remained silent. He was punished when his arms were jerked upward by his restraints. "Fuck!"

"I asked you a question," the Master said.

"I don't know, sir." Jack's voice was rough with pain.

The Master ran his fingers lightly down Jack's cheek. "I don't understand it either. First your little kiddie-kids, and now the ladies of the Jones family. You can't have shagged them all now, can you, Jack?"

"No, sir."

Jack felt the Master's lips against his ear, his hot breath brushing along Jack's cheek. "Do you hope that you'll shag them some day?"

"I don't know, sir," he answered placidly, determined to disguise his sudden and surprising resentment. There was more to Jack than his desire for sex. He genuinely cared for his team.

The Master's mouth pressed a lewd kiss to Jack's neck. "Maybe they think you can share the secret of your immortality with them?"

Jack shivered at the thought. "I don't know, sir."

The Master's hand snaked down the cleft of Jack's arse, parting him slightly. "A funny thing. Your team doesn't know where you are. You left them, Jack! You ran out on them without a word. Left them with questions and no answers."

Jack's heart sank. Those cruel words were the truth. That's just what he'd done. And yet, they were staying strong. His team was refusing to give in, and Jack owed them the same. "Yes, sir."

"That's a bad boy, Jack! You should be punished for such inconsiderate behavior."

"Yes, sir," Jack said, knowing things were about to spiral right out of his control. He took a deep breath and steeled himself.

Jack's arms were once again jerked painfully upward. He rose to his feet to alleviate the pain and the pressure. Even on his toes, Jack's shoulders were strained. He managed not to make any sounds of pain but he could hear his own breath coming raggedly through his nose. The Master walked Jack to the edge of the bed.

"Kneel up on the bed and face me," the Master ordered, and Jack obeyed immediately. He sat back on his heels and bowed his head.

The Master tore Jack's tunic open, buttons flying across the room. He pushed it off Jack's shoulders to tangle in the restraints at his wrists.

"Oh, my, yes!" the Master sighed, running his hands over Jack's naked chest. The Time Lord grasped Jack's head roughly between his hands and pressed their lips together in a hard, bruising kiss.

Jack forced himself to hold still as the Master's tongue violated his mouth. He couldn't bring himself to return the kiss, but he managed not to pull away.

The Master pulled back and plunged a hand down the front of Jack's trousers. He gripped Jack's scrotum and squeezed it roughly, ripping a harsh gasp from Jack's lips. "I've been thinking about you, Jack. Ever since the fun we had yesterday. I could hardly wait to be with you again!"

Jack remained silent as he endured the Master's rough treatment.

"Feeling you die while I was inside of you. Spectacular!" The Master breathed against Jack's parted lips. "I spent all last night thinking of different ways to kill you while I fuck you."

A shudder of fear and revulsion coursed through Jack's entire frame. The Master mistook it for desire.

"Let's get started, shall we?" the Time Lord asked brightly. He produced a long, soft scarf and began to wrap it around Jack's neck. He crossed the ends over in front, grasped one in each hand and drew his fists apart.

Jack felt the scarf tighten and start to cut off his breath. His mouth fell open in the struggle to breathe. The Master stood at the edge of the bed and forced Jack to maintain eye contact as he strangled him to death.

If Jack ever doubted that this Time Lord was a monster, he had his confirmation now. Shame at his own cowardice at the Cruciform had driven the Master over the edge. It took a true madman to enjoy maintaining eye contact with someone as he strangled the life out of him.

As Jack slipped into the unconsciousness that led to death, he felt the Master place his lips on his own as if to breathe in Jack's last breath. 
…………………………………………………………

Jack gasped his way back into life and was immediately aware of the pain that wracked his entire body. "Ow! Fuck!" he yelled, before becoming aware of the reason he was in more pain than usual this time.

While he was dead, the Master had stripped Jack's trousers, shoved him face down on to the mattress, climbed on top and started to fuck. The usual pain of his resurrection was amplified by the sensation of being filled to the point of tearing. Jack felt his body rip apart again, his blood making him more slick and sticky.

The Master was above him, propped on his own arms as he roughly shoved himself in and out of Jack's tortured opening. "Oh, yes! Jack, that was magnificent!" The Time Lord lowered his head and bit the back of Jack's neck so hard Jack was sure he'd left teeth marks and possibly drawn blood. "I thought it was ecstasy to fuck you while you died. It's just as magical when you come back to life!" The Master laughed a laugh that frightened Jack in a way he'd never been frightened before.

To his own ears, Jack's sounds began to resemble sobs. He'd given so much to the Master so far; he refused to give the evil Time Lord his tears.

Jack hadn't realized the scarf was still around his neck until the Master raised himself up and took the ends with him, causing Jack's back to arch severely. "Again, Jack!" he hissed. "I want to be inside you when you're in your death throes."

The angle as well as the constriction plunged Jack into death quickly this time. He continued to feel ripped apart by the Master's cock as the darkness overtook him and he plunged into his second death in as many minutes.

Jack dragged himself back into life and immediately regretted it. The Master had repositioned them while Jack was dead. Some less traumatized part of Jack's mind acknowledged that it had been quite a feat, given his own greater height and build. Jack struggled to survive his ordeal as he faced the fact that he now lay on his back, knees pressed to his chest as the Master heaved himself in and out of his damaged opening. His arms were still restrained behind him but they were thankfully numb. Jack felt utterly mortified at being face to face with his abuser.

"Jack! You are the best fuck in the universe," the Master said perversely as he lowered himself over Jack's body to give him a hot, disgusting kiss. "What a treat you are."

Jack closed his eyes against the horrific sight of the Master straining above him. He forgot himself for a moment and paid the price. His eyes shot open when the Master grasped his scrotum, squeezed and twisted. Jack screamed. His frustration at his inability to fight back peaked, and he barely stopped himself from lashing out at the Master in retaliation. Instead, he grit his teeth and reminded himself that Ianto's life depended on his obedience.

"Eyes open!" the Master ordered as he released Jack. "You stay with me at all times, until I release you into death!"

"Yes, sir," Jack gasped.

The Master toyed with one end of the scarf still around Jack's neck. "This is Lucy's, you know," he informed Jack. "After this, I'm going to get a hard-on every time she wears it. Just remembering the sensation of you clenching around my cock as I squeeze the life out of you!"

Jack hoped he never saw that scarf again.

The Master took one of the pillows strewn across the bed and pressed it to Jack's face. Smothering was an awful, frightening way to die, but Jack was about to endure it, yet again. He'd rather be strangled, but he had already accepted that he had no say in any of this.

Jack couldn't help but struggle -- it was a natural reaction to the violence. He must have dislodged the Master somewhat as he thrashed because this time he didn't die.

Jack floated in a blissful unconsciousness. He wasn't dead, but he wasn't awake, and that meant a brief respite from the pain.

Memories of Ianto came to Jack unbidden. Calming. Soothing. They had come so far together in a short period of time, salvaging a functional relationship from the ashes of Lisa's death. Through mutual need, affection and a growing respect they had formed a more intimate connection. Their last kiss crossed his thoughts.

He was relieved to be back, finally alive again. Out of the darkness. Gwen was there. She helped him sit up and then to dress. She took him in search of the rest of the team. Really, he was in search of Ianto.

Still, it felt good when Toshiko slammed into him and wrapped her arms around his waist. She smelled so warm and alive. He hugged her back with an enthusiasm that equaled her own.

Then there was Ianto. His expressions were the most readable Jack had seen since the night Lisa died. Shock. Relief. Self-consciousness. Pain. Pain that was easing, but traces of it lingered still. He held his hand out to Jack tentatively but Jack was having none of that. He dragged Ianto against his own body and held him close. He was so warm. The familiar scent Jack knew as Ianto. This was an important second chance in a lifetime of multiple chances, so Jack drew back and placed a firm kiss on Ianto's lips. In that kiss he tried to say 'hey, I'm back' and 'give me a little time here then we can be alone.'

That time had never come. Jack heard the sound of the TARDIS and off he ran to get his own answers and left Ianto with none.

Jack came back to consciousness slowly. The pain and humiliation were no less. The Master was still heaving away between Jack's thighs.

"We'll stick with strangulation from now on, Jack," the Master said in a conversational tone. "That near miss just wasn't satisfying enough."

This time the Master killed Jack with his bare hands, looking him in the eye the entire time. When he sucked in his first breath of life, it was to discover the Master shuddering and groaning above him. A loud feral cry escaped the Time Lord as he threw back his head and came inside of Jack.

Just as Jack thought the Master was coming down from his orgasmic high, the Time Lord produced a large wicked knife from beneath a pillow. Without another word he plunged it into Jack's heart.
………………………………………………….

Jack found himself unbound and alone when he revived. He looked down at himself and saw his own blood smeared everywhere. It was on his thighs, his belly, and his chest. It stained the new coverlet worse than the previous day. In the air lingered the mingled scent of Jack's blood and the Master's come. He gathered up the torn clothes and stumbled into the bathroom. He tossed the linen garments into a pile in the corner and turned on the shower.

Jack scrubbed roughly at his body, trying to rid himself of the Master's scent.

Back in the quiet of the bedchamber, Jack's thoughts turned to Gwen and to Ianto. The monitor was dark so he had no indication if his submission had bought their lives, if only for a short while. Jack was fairly sure that had the Master gone ahead and tortured or killed them, he'd have stuck around to use it against Jack. The Time Lord's evil made him predictable at least. No, the fact that he'd been alone when he'd revived meant he done it. He'd saved them.

At least he hoped that's what it meant.

……………………………………………………….

Day 49

Tish brought word of another ploy by the Doctor to disrupt the Master's plans and hopefully help them all escape.

Jack found himself hesitating to commit. There were a few moments when he considered not participating in the Doctor's latest plot. He feared what another failure would cost him or his team. Jack knew the Doctor had a larger plan that included Martha and them all but he just couldn't be sure any longer that what was best for the Doctor was best for himself and his team. 
…………………………………………………………….

Day 52

The Doctor's plot had failed spectacularly, just as Jack had predicted. There was no immediate punishment meted out. The Doctor and the Joneses bore the brunt of the Master's wrath, but Jack remained forgotten for a time following the thwarted plan. But only for a time.