Phoebe had absent-mindedly watched Jessica and Kendra leave work 
several times over the past month. It was no secret that they were 
housemates. A couple of times, though, Phoebe had noticed Jessica 
giving Kendra a pat on the ass as they walked across the parking lot 
to their car. Occasionally she noticed an affectionate squeeze of the 
hand.

This time it was a little more intense. Jessica smacked Kendra's 
nether cheeks rather hard as they walked, and Kendra briefly put her 
arm around Jessica's shoulder and gave her a squeeze. Then they drove 
away while Phoebe felt a twinge deep in her womanhood.

That scene was on her mind the rest of the day.

"Hi, can I sit with you guys?" Phoebe asked in the lunchroom the 
following day.

"M-hmm!" Jessica nodded while her mouth was full.

Phoebe had planned her script, hoping it would play out okay.

"What's up, Phoebe?" Kendra smiled. She always had a bright smile with 
penetrating eyes and was just plain nice to look at. Her dark hair and 
olive skin presented a picture of a vivacious woman who enjoyed life 
-- and sensual pleasures. The red-haired Jessica appeared more 
reserved.

"Oh, I've been out of sorts these days," Phoebe sighed as she seated 
herself next to Jessica. "Just had another breakup with my boyfriend."

The three of them talked about relationships for a few minutes. When 
Phoebe found out that her friends did not have current boyfriends she 
blurted out, "Yeah, sometimes all this trouble with guys makes me 
wonder if I'd have more fun with girls." Then she giggled.

Jessica gave Kendra a knowing look and said, "Maybe we should have her 
over."

Phoebe and Kendra both appeared startled at the way the conversation 
turned. Phoebe didn't know how to interpret Jessica's remark, and 
Kendra was afraid things were going too fast.

Phoebe was determined not to drop the ball, and wanted to keep the 
conversation going.

"That sounds good to me," she said. Then, lowering her voice to a 
whisper, "There are some things I can't say here in front of all the 
others."

Jessica silently nodded to Kendra, who smiled brightly and said, 
"Yeah, why don't you come over after work on Friday. We'll order a 
pizza and let our hair down." Then she giggled.

Phoebe's insides fluttered. She didn't know exactly why. She accepted 
the invitation. That evening, as she lay in her bed moaning with her 
fingers stimulating herself, Kendra and Jessica were in their bed.

"Do you think it was wise to invite Phoebe?" Kendra asked with an air 
of doubt as she felt Jessica's smooth legs.

"She's perfect. We just have to play it cool and not get on the 
defensive. We've both had our eyes on her for a while."

"She'll find out, though."

"We can't keep it secret forever. Now turn over and let's not worry so 
much."

Jessica loved Kendra's moans and her spirited response.

After work a few days hence, Kendra answered the door and welcomed 
Phoebe into their apartment. They made small talk while they waited 
for the pizza to arrive, and Phoebe gulped her beer as she talked.

"I guess I really like sex," Phoebe confided. "I loved the feeling of 
Ted's cock in me. He liked to last as long as he could before blowing 
his wad, and I liked that. Once, he wanted to eat my pussy after he 
came in me, and I didn't let him. A lot of times I wish I had!"

"Oh wow!" Kendra exclaimed.

"Yeah, he never asked again, and I was too shy to bring it up. Anyway, 
guys are so high maintenance." She took another gulp of her beer.

"Have you ever been with a woman?" Jessica asked.

"Kind of," Phoebe replied. She again felt that sensual flutter inside. 
"One time we kind of experimented a little -- nothing heavy. I liked 
it when our legs touched, and we kissed a lot." She squirmed.

The meal was over. Now came one of the moments of truth. "Well, what 
now?" Phoebe boldly asked.

"I don't want you to think badly of us," Jessica stated. "We usually 
watch a sexy video on Friday nights. Not mainstream either -- kind of 
kinky."

"Oh, good. I'm in the mood for something like that."

Jessica smiled at Kendra. "Let's go in the living room."

Kendra inserted a disc in the player and switched it on. The three of 
them were on the sofa, and after a couple of minutes the video began. 
It showed an attractive brunette receiving a large member from a male. 
The action got more intense, and then the male popped his load. 
Instead of pulling out and spurting on the woman, he stayed inside her 
the whole time. When he pulled out, a few streaks of semen 
conglomerated on her dark pubic mat. Then another male entered her. A 
few moments of thrusting, and he blasted inside her to the 
accompaniment of her mewling. After a third male did the same, she 
squatted over one of the males' faces as he opened his mouth. She 
pried her pussy lips apart and slimy streaks of combined semen and her 
own juice dropped into the male's mouth. Then she planted her pussy on 
his mouth and he kissed and sucked her clean while she bucked and 
screamed through two climaxes.

"Oh God!" Kendra exclaimed, and hurriedly removed her panties. Jessica 
knelt between Kendra's legs and buried her face inside her lover's 
skirt. There was no doubt that she was tasting pussy, and Phoebe 
watched with her insides trembling. Kendra closed her eyes and threw 
her head back as she pumped her hips. She panted heavily as Jessica 
held on and kept stimulating her with her mouth. Finally she 
surrendered.

"Aaaaah! Aaaaaaah!" She thrashed about and violently pumped her hips. 
Jessica continued until Kendra's shaking hands pushed her face away.

"Oh, I needed that!" Kendra said, and looked into Phoebe's wide eyes. 
Then she got out of her skirt, keeping her top and sandals on.

Jessica removed her top, showing near perfect firm breasts and 
slightly muscular arms. She flashed Phoebe a sexy smile and encouraged 
her to get into any state of undress she was comfortable with. 

Their guest kicked off her shoes and hurriedly removed her jeans. 
Then, throwing caution to the wind, she also slipped off her panties 
and sat with her legs pressed together.

"What's the next scene in the movie?" Jessica asked. Kendra resumed 
playing the disc.

On the screen, a skanky-looking girl in a cheerleader outfit raised 
her skirt to show her dishwater-blonde pussy. Then she straddled a 
male's midsection and made sexy faces while she pumped him to 
ejaculation. 'Ready for some pie?' she asked, and pulled out. With her 
pussy an inch from the male's mouth, she pulsed her vaginal muscles 
and let the cum flow, after which he fervently kissed her labia. Then 
she got on her knees and let two other guys take her doggy style. 
After she accumulated their payloads, she stood up and spread her 
legs. The camera showed her pussy as it would appear from floor level 
between her feet. The girl stood with her hands on her hips, and 
ejected the accumulated mixture by pulsing and contracting her vaginal 
muscles. Then she inserted a finger in her pussy, wiggled it around, 
withdrew it and put it in her mouth. Kendra paused the movie.

Phoebe's breathing was full.

"Take off your top," Jessica suggested. Phoebe rapidly removed her 
shirt and put her hands over her breasts. Jessica knelt before Phoebe 
and slowly ran her hands up and down her bare legs and gave her a 
bright smile. Then she lightly licked her guest's nipples.

Phoebe moaned. Her arousal was high.

"I don't want you to cum yet," Jessica whispered. She got up and 
turned facing away from the other two. She removed her pants and her 
lace undies. She turned around and Phoebe gasped.

There was a firm erection pointing straight out from Jessica's hips.

"I'm all girl, Phoebe - except for that." Then she sat between Phoebe 
and Kendra. The movie resumed.

The scene changed, and the skanky girl now had on a naughty nurse 
uniform with short skirt, large white sneakers, and bare legs. She 
smiled and wiggled as she walked into a room where there was a male in 
a hospital bed. She uncovered him, brought him to a throbbing erect 
state with her hand, and quickly mounted him. A moment of pumping, and 
he blasted inside her. She quickly walked out and repeated the 
maneuver with two other males. She hurried into a room where two other 
nurses held down a naked male on a bed. One of them held his head 
still as the skanky nurse mounted his face. She reached back and gave 
his nuts a squeeze, and as he opened his mouth she quickly placed her 
dripping pussy on his mouth. 'There's a lot of sperm in there,' she 
said in a saucy tone. 'I want you to suck it all out!' With 
encouragement from her hand squeezing his nuts, he vigorously licked 
and sucked on her pussy until she screamed her orgasm.

Throughout the scene Kendra had fingered and palpated Jessica's cock 
and nuts. Jessica, in turn, had held Phoebe's hand. The atmosphere of 
arousal was almost tangible.

Jessica puckered her lips and whispered, "Phoebe - Kendra wants to eat 
your pussy when it has cream in it. You know, what you were talking 
about earlier." She took Phoebe's hand and placed it on her cock. "Let 
me know if you're willing."

"I-I don't know," Phoebe panted. "I haven't washed down there in a 
while."

"Don't worry about that. We're so hot it doesn't matter."

Phoebe was almost beside herself with arousal. "Okay!" she hoarsely 
whispered.

"Let's go in the bedroom," Jessica said, and led the way.

Kendra got completely undressed, and had Phoebe lie on her back. 
Jessica climbed between her legs and put Phoebe's pussy juice on her 
throbbing cock. Then she slowly entered her. They both moaned as she 
pumped. After a few moments, Jessica planted her full lips on 
Phoebe's, and during the sustained kiss, gave frenzied thrusts. She 
erupted and spurted her T-girl seed inside Phoebe's aroused pussy.

"Oh, that was good!" Jessica exclaimed as she pulled out. She lay next 
to Phoebe and Kendra got between her guest's thighs in the classic 
cunnilingus position. As Jessica stroked Phoebe's face with her hands, 
Kendra began to lap up the profuse cream.

"UUUUH! OHHHH! OH MY GOSH!" Phoebe exclaimed. She violently twisted 
and squirmed so that Kendra had to hold on tight as she kissed and 
sucked on her pussy.

Phoebe treated the others to her aroused gasps of orgasm. "That was so 
intense!" she sighed when her climax subsided.

They talked for a while, and then Jessica said, "I'd like to taste 
your pussy after I cream in there. Ready for a second go-round?"

Phoebe smiled and spread her legs.

-----
This story is copyright 2006 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All rights 
reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my other 
stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
