Sarah's Public Display
05-12-2008 11:35
Sarah had grown up in a strict and private house, her mother would always say to her that she should keep her business to herself. Sarah had always known she was a lesbian but within her surroundings she could not tell anyone, nor dare she risk her parents finding out, so most of her pleasure was self induced when her parents were away.
Sarah purchased herself a vibrator. It was bigger than she thought, but it felt good in her pussy. She kept it in a corner of her bed that was next to a wall. Sarah nearly got caught out one morning when her mother came past her bedroom door that hadn't closed properly - there she was naked with the vibrator working on her pussy 'really Sarah' her mother had retorted.'what is that?" my mum asked. needless to say she closed the door quickly.
Sexual expression was fun for Sarah, she enjoyed being a girl so at 18 she had finally had enough of being so private and missing out on the pleasures of shared sex.
Sarah's mum took the family, which consists of Sarah's brother, her mum, and dad, over to Spain to stay with some of her cousins who live right on a nude beach, so off we all went to Spain. Spain is a fun place and Sarah always had a good time when she was there the last time she had almost got with one of the Spanish girls before she decided not to experiment.
Sarah always went to the beach naked everyday just for fun and the added bonus of an all over tan, but she also loved having her pussy exposed for everyone to see along with her soft small breasts.
So one day it finally overtook her, being a very impulsive girl when she woke that day like always- naked- and walked over to the balcony, still naked with just her sunglasses and a pink beret on, her thought was 'today is going to be different'.
Sarah's mum’s cousin’s house has a massive courtyard in the center of the house so Sarah dared not get off or everyone would hear. She walked downstairs to get some breakfast; it was almost 11. Because of the freedom of Spain she wore a skirt with no panties and a tee with no bra. Nibbling on a piece of toast Sarah relaxed reading the local newspaper and looking out into the great view of the sea and it was crystal blue. Her mother said she was going with her and her cousin and her husband food shopping and asked if Sarah wanted to go.
"No thanks" she replied "think I am going to stay and go to the beach." but at that point she had no intention to doing what she would end up doing. My dad asked if she wanted to go with him and her brother, but she declined.
Sarah thought to herself 'leave me alone with me and good things are bound to happen'. It is just a matter of time. As she sat on a couch reading all there was to read in the newspaper only stopping to adjust glass' to where the sun was. After that she watched a little TV and thought of masturbating since she hadn’t for 14 days. But somehow that didn't really appeal to her.
More often than not when Sarah was alone she often stripped because because it felt good to be free, so she decided to take the opportunty to do just that, taking off what little clothes she had on and flung them on the bed and walked out on the balcony- it was a beautiful day in the prettiest place in the world. Sarah drifted off into her own thoughts gentley she slipped a finger in mherelf. Snapping back to reality and realising where she was Sarah immediately took it out. But she was now to far gone she had to cum. So she gave in, walked back into her room and grabbed her vibe and sliding it into her now dripping pussy and messed around for a while- but nothing too serious.

Walking back onto the balconey she spotted the perfect spot on the beach just beyond the foam of the waves. Sarah took a towel and already being naked somehow wrapped her vibe in the towel and walked to her spot. Unwrapping her towel it fell out. Oh what the hell, she thought, and lay down.
Lust got the better of Sarah the warmth, the sea, the location... what the hell she thought and even though the beach was crowded she was so far out there it just seemed right. Lying ther on her towell Sarah turned on her vibrator without any discrecion and slid it in soaking wet pussy working it around her clitoris. It was amazing. it had never felt this good before, she didn’t know what it was. Sarah moans of pleasure soon drew attention. They started off soft, but as she got closer to cumming a gentle scream escaped. "Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! I like to fuck my pussy!" she moaned and she was sure there were a few people who took notice, but she didn't care. It wasn't everyday that some hot English girl masturbates on a beach. After cumming that first time Sarah should have thought about stopping she couldn’t, it had felt so fucking good she continued moving it in and out of her pussy while the vibe part felt so good when it came close.
"Yeah! Holy shit! I want this whole thing in me right now YEAH!" I moaned as her second orgasm came covering her towel in cum. On a normal day she probably wouldn't have been able to keep going but this was different and again she found she was fucking herself. "Cum! Cum! I am going to CUM!!!!!" she moaned the loudest and came yet again.
That took the wind totally out of the sails. she could hear what some of the men were saying but didn’t care. Sarah tanned for a few minutes then took my cum filled towel back inside and collapsed on the bed with my vibe still time for one more orgasm before the family returned.