"THE AFTERMATH" 
(Or What Follows Next)
Chapter 6: Part 2

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years.

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories 

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect the integrity of the story and don't rewrite."

Chapter 6: Pre-sale Inspections-Toby (Part 2)

As Dave Matheson and Theodore Russell engage in their discussion of slavery and its benefits to society, Silas Hacker unfastens Toby's wrists and stands almost face to face with the slave.

Silas places his left hand on the slave's belly and smiles as he feels the involuntary contraction of the stomach muscles in response to his touch. With his right hand, he reaches up and strokes Toby's cheek before moving a finger down the throbbing vein in his neck. 

Then, he reaches behind Toby and places his right hand in the small of the back. The slave's body stiffens at this close physical contact and he knows instinctively, should he is sold to Theodore Russell; this overseer will abuse him, both physically and sexually.

Toby shudders at the thought of this and his reaction causes Silas to smile. Now the slave feels the fingers as they fan out and begin to explore his back. Slowly, they move up and down his spine seeking out the soundness of his vertebrae. Toby shivers as the hand gently caresses his muscular buttocks before a finger is crudely pushed into the crevice between the two globes of his ass. 

Silas senses the slave's resistance to his exploratory finger; he delights in the involuntary clenching of the slave's buttocks as, vainly, they try to resist. Undeterred, Silas gently uses his finger to excite the slave's anus and is pleased as he feels the resistance weaken. Deliberately, he pushes his finger against the slave's puckering hole and, not to be denied entry, he cruelly forces his finger through the tightly clenched sphincter; he notes that the hole has been well lubricated. Now, he explores the inner depths of the slave's body seeking out the prostate gland. Once found, he is rewarded with a series of low moans as the slave's body begins its quivering response to his invading finger.

Through his hand on Toby's belly, Silas feels the slave's laboured breathing. He moves this hand up to the slave's chest and feels the pounding heart. Removing his hand from the back, he now begins to massage the muscular pectorals and uses his finger tips to excite the sharp points of the slave's nipples. 

Suddenly, both hands move down to Toby's groin as Silas seeks out his hard erection. Silas feels the pre-cum on the tip of the cock and rubs it between this forefinger and thumb. He leans forward and rubs his fingers on Toby's lips as, at the same time, he whispers into his ear. 

"I look forward to fucking you, slave." 

Toby stands appalled at this prospect.

Suddenly, Silas stands back and barks the order to. 

"FLEX, SLAVE." 

Toby instantly raises both arms and flexes his rippling biceps. Startled out of their conversation, both Dave and Theo turn to see what is happening.

"How's the examination going, Silas?" Theo asks. "Is he measuring up?"

"Indeed he is, Mr Russell. I've just finished my close quarter's examination of him." Silas replies with a smirk, as he steps up to feel the hard, rounded balls of the slave's biceps. "He's a fine slave and so far I can't fault him." 

Silas's hands move over Toby's arms to the solid shoulders, poking at and squeezing their rock like hardness. Once more, Toby feels the overseer's hand glide down over the solid muscles of his chest pausing to tweak his nipples before continuing down to feel the scalloped edges of his abdominal muscles. Again he suffers the indignity of having a finger poked into his navel. 

Ignoring the genitals, Silas' hands slide down the outside of Toby's legs to his feet and then move up the inside of the legs, pausing to test the corded muscles of his thighs, before continuing on to his groin.

Acutely, Toby feels the utter humiliation of this inspection. In the past, his special status as steward had exempted him from such inspections. However, he knows that most slaves are routinely subjected to these degradations; and he knows that slaves have to endure them without complaint or any show of resistance. 

For a slave these inspections serve to re-enforce his servile state. For Silas, conducting such an examination is as routine as inspecting an animal prior to buying or selling it. To him, Toby is no more or no less than any other domestic animal. Although, if he is truthful with himself, there's nothing he enjoys more than fingering an attractive, male slave and this particular slave is exceptional. Now he orders the slave to turn around so that he can examine his back.

Placing a hand on either side of the slave's narrow waist he moves them up the widening "V" of the powerful back to the armpits. He orders the slave to raise his arms above his head so that he can see the interaction of the wide shoulders with the strong back muscles. His hands glide over the slave's back feeling the rippling effect of these muscles. Satisfied he cups a tight buttock in each hand and, squeezing hard, he once more tests them for firmness. Now the order is given to. 

"BEND AND SPREAD."

As Toby bends at the waist, his ankles are kicked apart even wider. Reaching behind, he uses both hands to part the globes of his buttocks. He is now acutely aware that, once more, he is fully exposed to the scrutiny of the three men grouped behind him. Looking back between his outstretched legs he can see their legs shuffling around to get a better view of his displayed anal opening. 

He feels the weight of his cinched balls hanging between his legs pulling down on his rampantly hard cock. He feels hands groping at his rump and fingers moving up and down his crevice. Again his balls are weighed in a cupped hand and his scrotum stretched out from his body. 

Reaching in between the slave's thighs, Silas pulls back on his cock, briefly holding it away from the body before allowing it to slap back to test its flexibility. Then with a loud smack on the ass Toby is ordered to. 

"Stand, face the front and display."

Standing rigidly at attention with his feet apart and his hands behind his head, Toby awaits the next assault on his body. He doesn't have long to wait as Silas once again grabs his scrotum and feels for his testicles. Turning to Theo, Silas observes that. 

"The slave has a good pair of knockers but we'll need to see what they're capable of." 

Next, he teases Toby's slowly deflating cock back into a full erection and begins a slow masturbation with his thumb and forefinger formed into the shape of an "O". Silas orders the slave to. 

"Start pumping your hips, boy."

In response, Toby begins a slow to and fro thrusting movement through the finger and thumb encircling his cock. With further urging from Silas, Toby quickens his pace and is soon sweating from his exertions. Dave Matheson and Theodore Russell watch Silas' manipulation of the slave's cock with mounting interest as evidenced by the tenting in their trousers.

"The slave is well equipped wouldn't you say Theo?" Dave, ever the eager salesman, ventures "It's what you'd expect of a stud, isn't it?"

"Dave, it really doesn't matter about the size of his cock and balls. It's a misconception that a stud must have large genitals. I've seen well-endowed slaves fail in their stud duties where lesser equipped slaves have excelled. But for some reason, people expect their studs to have big pricks and large testicles. It's all about appearances really; a matter of ascetics. I personally don't place a lot importance on the size of a stud's cock. For me, what really matters is the slave's sperm count and his ability to impregnate a female. I suppose you have had him tested?"

"Indeed we have, Theo and I have a signed copy of the vet's report here." Dave gestures to his steward to give Theo a copy of the report.

"Excellent." Theo exclaims after perusing the report. "He scores well in all areas of the report and he's ascetically large as well. I guess that's a bonus." 

Then, "How's it going, Silas?"

"It's going very well indeed, Mr Russell. The slave has strong hips and a good thrust. But now, I think he's ready to give us a sample. Isn't that so boy? You're going to spurt for us, eh?"

Toby stands mortified as he listens to this dehumanising discussion. This is a new aspect of slavery and is very different to the slavery with which he is familiar. The slavery practised at the Trevorrow farm is benign in that it is confined to hard physical labour with the sole purpose of making a profit for the master. 

This however, is different. This is total slavery and it is unimaginably bleak. These men see him as nothing other than a breeding animal. Their intention is to forcibly mate him with a female slave for the sole purpose of pro- creating a new generation of slaves for his owner. Toby's sense of shame and humiliation goes to the very sole of his being; he feels a total despair at what lies ahead of him.

Silas removes his fingers from around the slave's throbbing cock and picks up a glass container. Handing it to Toby he instructs him to. 

"Jerk yourself off, slave and make sure you catch every drop in this container. We don't want any wastage." 

Red-faced with shame, Toby holds the container over the head of his cock with one hand whilst he pumps with the other. The three men stand and watch as the slave masturbates.

"If you buy him, how will you use him, Theo? Apart from his studding duties, that is."

"That's a good question, Dave. If I buy him I foresee all sorts of problems as to where he'll be used. Silas will want to see him working in the fields especially with harvesting-time nearly upon us. And personally, I think his place is as a heavy duty work slave; obviously his body is well suited to hard work. However, I feel that once my wife and daughter see him they'll want to use him as a household slave. They like to show-off to their friends by having handsome, young slaves working around the house and gardens."

"Given his good looks, you could have a problem then"

"I think my daughter will be the problem, when she sees him. She really likes to dress-up the house slaves in all sorts of outlandish uniforms to display their bodies to her friends. She's always designing new types of clothing for them. You never know what they'll be wearing next. One day it could be silk, harem pants that leave nothing to the imagination and the next day it's a skimpy, Tarzan style, loin cloth. And of course, if she has a party, she always chooses a theme and the slaves are decorated accordingly. However, I insist that any clothing is confined to below the waist; their torsos must always remain bare. After all, my field slaves work totally naked. But I do make allowance for female sensibilities and allow my daughter to dress the house slaves. However, for me there's nothing more pleasing to the eye than a young, naked, male slave in goodly shape. No doubt, it's simply a case of me compensating for my own lost youth, but I do like to look at their naked bodies as they go about their duties. Then there is Ben and my younger son, Joel. Should he become a house slave, I'm sure they'll think of any number of inventive and creative ways to use him; especially in their bedrooms."

"If you buy him, the slave could have a very interesting future."

"I don't doubt that for one moment." Theo laughs "Especially if my sons or daughter have anything to say about how he's to be used. I'm afraid I spoiled them as children and I still indulge them as young adults. I suspect I'll let them choose how and where he's to be used. But I'll insist that he maintain his fitness and that he's available for stud duty at all times. That should be a happy compromise for all, I think."

"I can see you're a doting father." Dave laughingly answers.

Their conversation is interrupted by a series of low grunts. Turning, they watch as the slave's fist continues its furious working of his cock. Temporarily forgetting his shame, Toby is lost in the pleasure of the moment. As the pace of his hand quickens, his knees buckle and his legs sag; he is covered in sweat.

Finally, at the moment of release, he cries out "UGH! UGH!" and begins to discharge into the container. As he ejaculates, his powerful hips thrust forward and the muscles of his buttocks clench and unclench with each involuntary spurt of his seed. Finally, he is spent and his shame and humiliation return.

Silas takes the container from the slave and holding it to his nose, he inhales deeply.

"The slave has produced a sizeable quantity and it smells fresh and sweet, Mr Russell. And it's a good colour. That's always a good sign." 

Silas comments, as he pours some of the semen into the palm of his hand. He proceeds to rub it between his fingers and thumb testing for its viscosity before using a finger
for the taste test. 

"And it's sweet tasting, too. Altogether, it's a most satisfactory load and performance from the slave."

"Here Silas, you might want to read the vet's fertility report." Theo says as he hands the report to Silas. "They don't COME any better than this one." He adds, laughing loudly at his own joke.

Toby stands, defeated, on the platform; his mind and soul are in turmoil. As tears well up in his eyes, a solitary, silent sob racks his body. With his head lowered in submission, he watches as the dribbling remains of his ejaculation slowly works downwards to join the dark splotches already staining the floor. At least, he now knows the origins of those stains. His is but the latest to join those of all the other slaves who have stood on this spot and suffered the same humiliating assaults on their bodies.

Toby is a seething maelstrom of mixed emotions. He now feels anger towards the master he loved and served loyally for so many years. Then there is the sense of betrayal at being sold and, in this, there are the first seeds of hatred for his master. He feels resentment towards the three men who are subjecting him to the dehumanising and degrading processes of his inspection. 

And he feels fear and uncertainty about his future. He knows it is forbidden for a slave to display any emotion. Therefore, with the inherent sense of his slavery, he suppresses his inner feelings and stands quietly listening as the three men dispassionately discuss him. He also feels relief that now his inspection is over and that he won't have to endure Silas' hands on his body. In thinking this, he is wrong.

"With your permission, Mr Matheson, could I have your steward unchain the slave's ankle? I need him to lie on his back, full length on the inspection bench so that I can continue my examination."

"Of course, Silas." Dave Matheson nods to his steward to proceed "Do you want him strapped down?"

"No. I don't think that'll be necessary. He seems to be an obedient slave. That's right, boy. You are an obedient slave, aren't you?"

"Yes Master." Toby replies humbly.

"Then hop to it." Silas impatiently gives the slave an encouraging slap on the rump. "Up on the bench and be quick about it."

Lying full length on his back, Toby feels the wooden bench against his bare skin. Fortuitously, over the years it has been worn smooth by the friction, sweat and body oils of numerous other slaves. As he looks up he sees the three men grouped around the table and he waits for whatever is to happen next,

"Place your arms by your side and stretch out your legs, slave." Silas instructs him.

Starting at the slave's head the stud-master runs his fingers tips down over his body. 

"Although he appears to be smooth, my fingers tell me the slave is naturally hairy. Is that correct, Mr Matheson?"

"Yes, Silas, you're right, he does have a hair covering which we removed prior to inspection. But I have to say he's not too hairy; in fact he has only a modest covering. Actually it's quite pleasing and adds to his charm. "

"Well charm or not, if I buy him and he becomes a house slave, he'll be permanently stripped of all his body hair." Theo interjects. "My wife won't allow a hairy slave in our house. She's most definite on that score. She hates having slave hair on the rugs and furniture. And there's always the worry of their hair getting into the food as they serve us."

"So, do you strip the body hair from all your slaves, as a matter of routine, Theo?" Dave asks.

"No. We only treat the house slaves. It's too expensive to treat the field slaves; there are far too many of them. No, we leave the field slaves in their natural state and give them a regular clip and dip."

"Clip and dip. What's that?"

"Well we regularly keep their heads shorn and the hair on their bodies clipped back close to their hides. Then, we force them through a special solution in a plunge bath to kill any vermin. I insist that all my slaves are kept pest free at all times. Mind you, they don't like it and they have to be whip driven into the bath. They howl and whine loudly that it stings the whip cuts on their backs. Silas also ensures that their stables are kept clean and hygienic and that they have fresh, straw bedding to sleep on. You'd think they'd be grateful that we take so much trouble to keep their bodies clean and free of pests wouldn't you? However, they're not; it seems there's no pleasing a slave."

"Perhaps Theo, this ingratitude is an overt act of resentment at their lot in life? I guess that deep down most slaves are surly and resentful but hide this from their masters for fear of punishment. Perhaps they show their resentment by being ungrateful".

"You're getting into areas that are too deep for me Dave." Theo laughs. "You're quite a philosopher, aren't you? Are you sure you haven't done a course in slave psychology? What do you think, Silas?"

"As you well know, Mr Russell, I don't allow slaves under my control to be resentful or ungrateful. I see such behaviour in a slave as an act of defiance." Silas replies sourly. "Defiance in a slave is unacceptable and must be whipped out of him. Slaves DON'T have the right to be ungrateful or to object; they must remain silent at all times and do as they are told without question or suffer the consequences."

"Well there's your answer, Dave. Thanks to Silas, my slaves wouldn't dare display either resentment or defiance. Occasionally, a newly acquired slave is foolish enough to try our patience but a session with Silas and his whip soon brings him into line with all my other stock. Silas has my complete confidence in how he controls my slaves. Isn't that so, Silas?"

"Indeed I do, Mr Russell and thank you for that." Silas replies as he returns to his examination of the slave lying in front of him.

Moving slowly around the bench, Silas systematically examines each of the slave's limbs; checking for any past bone breakages and testing the joints for flexibility. Then, he orders Toby to place his arms back over his head as he checks out the armpits and ribcage. Once he is satisfied, he orders the slave to roll over onto his belly. Now the stud-master's hands move swiftly over the broad back seeking out the different muscle groups for closer scrutiny. 

With an expertise born of much experience, Silas uses his fingers to knead the strong shoulder muscles before running his knuckles down the spine to the buttocks. Once more these too are kneaded and gauged for thickness and strength - each globular cheek is resoundingly slapped to test for hardness and density. With one hand, Silas pries the ass-cheeks apart allowing him access to the exposed anus. 

Blushing with shame, Toby wonders why this is necessary; after all Silas has previously visited there a number of times during his examinations of his body. However, Toby has no other option than to lie still and submit passively to Silas' ministrations. He feels a finger poised at the entrance to his body before it is roughly thrust into him to begin another vigorous probing. His discomfort is evident and he begins to wriggle. He is told to. 

"LIE STILL, DAMN YOU!" 

Toby yelps with the pain and unexpectedness of series of short, sharp slaps to his ass.

Now the slave's legs are rudely parted and he feels a hand grab at his scrotum and begin a minute examination of each ball. Carefully, they are rolled between Silas's fingers and thumb and gently squeezed. Then the hands move down his legs, testing the strength of his thigh muscles, before continuing down to his feet. Silas declares his satisfaction and, at last, Toby's ordeal is over.

"Well Silas, what's the verdict?" Theo asks.

"Mr Russell, he's a fine slave; sound in wind and limb. No past injuries and his hide is immaculate. There aren't any lacerations to his back. And he's well suited for your stud requirements. He has fine features and a strong body. I foresee him siring many fine slaves. I really can't understand why his master is selling him. Slaves like this don't come on the market all that often. However, I do have one or two slight reservations about him. As I said earlier, he appears to have been spoiled by his master. That in itself isn't a problem. I can very quickly re-educate him back into a proper slave mind-set. It's what Mr Matheson said earlier about him being his master's pet. If this is so, then my guess is that he hasn't done a hard day's work in his life. Again that's not much of a problem. We could put him into a heavy duty work coffle in the fields for six months or so where he would quickly learn to be a real slave. And of course it would harden him up. I would think the last thing we need at Redgrove is a slave who thinks he is special."

"I wouldn't be too concerned about him thinking of himself as special, if I know you Silas." Theo laughs. "I'm sure your handling of him will convince him he'll be no different to any other of my slaves. I agree six months in a work coffle would do wonders for him. My concern is the womenfolk will want him as a house slave. Should they decide that's where they want him they'll be hard to budge. But I promise you that you can use him in the fields over the harvesting season. Then we'll see what happens."

"Very well, Mr Russell. You're the boss. However, should you buy him then I would strongly urge you to use him as a field slave".

"Apart from that, you don't have any other complaints about him? Would you recommend that I buy him, Silas?

"Indeed, I would, Mr Russell. I don't think you could buy better than this slave."

"Dave, you said you have a couple of other breeders inspecting him?" Theo asks.

That's right, Theo. There's another one later this afternoon and then a third one tomorrow morning."

"Well I won't ask you who my rivals are, Dave? I respect your client confidentiality and all that" Theo asks hopefully.

"They're both well known to you, Theo and, as in your case, they have asked that I don't disclose their identities."

"Well I guess I'll recognise them as we bid against each other at the auction."

"I take it that you'll be at the sale then, Theo?"

"You can count on it, Dave. Both Silas and I will be there putting in our bid for the slave.  We'll most likely bring my two boys along. No doubt Ben will want to inspect the slave prior to sale. It will be a good opportunity for him to have a hands-on assessment of a slave up for sale."

"The slave will be mounted on the viewing platform and available for public scrutiny at 9. 00 AM sharp. The sale will commence at 12.30 PM; that should give Ben plenty of time to examine him and any others that take his fancy."

"Thank you, Dave. There is another matter I'd like to discuss with you if you have time."

"I don't have another appointment until after lunch, so fire away. What's on your mind, Theo?"

"I want to get rid of some of my surplus slaves and would appreciate your advice on how to go about it, Dave."

"So what are we talking about, Theo. Obviously not the prime stock you sell at your yearly clearance auction. What are they- culls?

"No, not at all. In fact, they're all prime stock; strong, healthy, young males in their eighteenth and nineteenth year but they are surplus to our needs. They are part of our yearly cash crop that hadn't peaked in time to sell at this year's clearance sale. Now they're ready and we don't want to hold onto them until next year's sale. Once the harvest is finished we'll be hard pressed to keep them busy. Isn't that so, Silas?"

"Yes that's right, Mr Russell. I can keep them gainfully employed during the harvest but after that we'll have too many slaves on the property. As you say, there won't be enough work for them and that can lead to problems with discipline. To properly control slaves, you have to work them to maximum capacity. We can't have them `lazing around' and just eating their heads off, can we?"

"From your description, they sound interesting. Can I ask how many there are? How would you describe them and how would grade them?"

"I'll let Silas answer that" Theo replies. "After all they fall within his area of management."

"There are twenty-three of them and they are all strong, strapping, young slaves. All would make perfect heavy duty slaves as they have been worked hardened in the fields. Their bodies have been finely honed; they are nicely coloured and have been made sun-hardy. They're whip trained, but as they are `bred slaves' they are very tame anyway."

"Would any of them be suitable for selling as pleasure slaves, Silas?"

"To be honest, I hadn't thought of them as pleasure slaves. Mainly, I see a slave in terms of his work capacity and the output from his labour. But, to answer your question, it's possible that they do fall into that category. Without exception, they're all handsome and have attractive, muscular bodies. Looking at them from the pleasure angle they also have firm, well-rounded arses and they are all well-hung; some of them prodigiously so. But I think I'd rather rely on the opinion of some-one who is better able to judge these
matters - a person like you, Mr Matheson."

"Well I'm more than happy to visit Redgrove and look them over if that's what you want, Theo? Apart from their appearances we would need to check them out for tightness. I would think that they have had some usage- if only with each other."

"Dave, if that's a polite way of asking whether they are virgins," Theo laughs "then I'd have to say no they're not. Don't forget they are healthy, young males and I guess they do what all healthy, young males do - fuck at every opportunity. At Redgrove, we don't
prohibit our male slaves from enjoying sex with one another. Isn't that right, Silas?"

"Indeed we don't, Mr Russell, indeed we don't. In fact I actively encourage it. It keeps them sweet-tempered. For obvious reasons they aren't allowed to have sex with the female slaves; in fact both sexes are rigidly segregated - they have to be on a stud farm. Denying male slaves the opportunity to have sex is fraught with danger. Without it, they become frustrated and moody and they are harder for the overseers to control. I know from their sounds as I stroll past the stables at night that they really appreciate this concession from their owner. And in the morning they come out of their stables with smiles on their faces -as I said it keeps them sweet-tempered and easier to handle."

"Theo, I'd like to visit Redgrove and inspect them for myself; if that's alright with you?"

"Dave you're welcome to come to Redgrove at any time that's convenient for you. Just give us a bit of notice and Silas will have them ready for your appraisal. Can I ask - what do you have in mind?"

"Well Theo, there's a few options open to you. Firstly, if you choose to sell them as workers then you could simply sell them on the open market here in the city. However, I advise against that. Placing them in the same sale as the run-of-the-mill stock we usually have would lessen their value. But if they are really of pleasure grade then, as I see it, you have another couple of options. We could sell them as `specials' in a supplementary sale ran in conjunction with one of our scheduled bi-weekly sales. Or you could simply have a special sale out at Redgrove. Once I've looked at them, and if I decide they make the grade as pleasure slaves, then we would have an extensive advertising programme promoting their sale to as wide a clientele as possible. They're the three options open to you. It's really a matter of what you prefer."

"I'm inclined to go with a special sale at Redgrove, Dave. But I guess I still have time to think about it as they won't be sold until after harvest anyway. Are you available to arrange the sale and run the auction?"

"I'll be glad to Theo. Firstly, let me look at them and then we can discuss the finer details such as advertising, promoting the sale and such. But could I ask - and I don't want to interfere in Silas' running of the place - could I ask that you go easy with the whip on them? A lot of buyers aren't impressed when they see a slave with a whipped-marked back presented for sale; especially if he's offered as a pleasure slave."

"I think we can do that, can't we Silas?"

"If that is your wish, Mr Russell, then so be it!  But can I ask Mr Matheson whether or not I can use a cane? I do need to have some control over them."

"I'd recommend using the cane only as a last resort, Silas and then only lightly. If we're going to promote them as `pleasure slaves' we need to make sure their bodies aren't marked at all. As I said the buyers aren't too keen on buying damaged property."

"Don't worry, Dave." Theo replies diplomatically in the absence of a reply from Silas. "We'll make sure the slaves aren't marked or damaged in any way."

"I guess the sale of these slaves is a bonus for you, Theo. No doubt they're a cash crop for you."

"You're right, Dave. These yearly sales are one of our main sources of income; we've come a long way since my father introduced his breeding program. Initially, his intention was to breed just enough slaves as replacements for Redgrove's stock. In those days, most people viewed slaves as expendable and worked them for a few years - until they were worn out - then simply bought replacements. However, my father always saw slaves as renewable in that you could breed your own replacements. The problem was that his scheme was too successful. The slaves themselves were enthusiastic participants and before he knew it the numbers had built up over the years to such a level that he had a number of slaves surplus to his needs. The only option was to sell these slaves. I recall my father saying his intention at the first sale was just to get rid of his unwanted stock. But he was so surprised at the interest shown by the buyers and the prices he got for this surplus stock that he decided to expand his breeding program. The rest, as they say, is history."

"Theo, before you leave let me look at my schedule and we can work out a convenient date for me to visit Redgrove and look at these slaves. Once we determine what grade they are, then we can discuss how best to sell them. What do you say?"

"That sounds good to me, Dave."

"If you and Silas have time, I'd like you to join me in my office for a few drinks. I've had my secretary prepare a light luncheon."

"Thank you, Dave. Silas and I would be pleased to join you."

Then, remembering the slave lying silently on the bench before them, Silas orders him to return to his position on the viewing platform. Toby hastily complies with the command and is soon in the display position with his ankle shackled and his hands fastened behind his back.

Dave Matheson, not unkindly, gives Toby permission to stand at rest and he is rewarded with a humble. 

"Thank you, Master."

Dave is pleased with the outcome of Toby's inspection. His experience as a dealer tells him that Toby has made a favourable impression on Theo Russell and, no doubt, this has influenced Theo's decision to appoint him as the selling agent for the surplus Redgrove slaves. For Dave it has been a most satisfactory morning; firstly his meeting with the Middleton sisters and now this one with Theo Russell. And he is confident that the inspection of the young black haired slave will be as successful.

As the three men leave the room, Dave magnanimously instructs his steward to reward Toby with an extra ration of a slave biscuit and water.

As silence returns to the room, Toby is left to recover and to think back over the morning's happenings. In the light of this, he views his next appointment with a prospective buyer with a mixture of fear and loathing

To be continued.........





