Entry tags: 

double crossing, spangel, spike/lindsey

Double Crossing, 7/8
Title: Double Crossing 
Chapter: 7 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Lindsey/Angel 
Rating: NC-17 
Warnings: m/m/m, bondage, torture, language 
Summary: Post NFA, Lindsey reappears, asking Spike for help. Trouble ensues. 
Author's Note: This is for faketoysoldier, who asked for S/L/A, karaoke, and the prompts smoke, microphone, cherry, and slip. I hope you like it! It's finished and I'll post updates daily. I'm in a terribly impatient mood, so please let me know if any mistakes slipped by me. Feedback is cherished.

Gorgeous, NSFW banner by blondebitz!

Previous chapters here.

I'll post the final chapter this afternoon.

Chapter Seven

Spike sighed and settled back against the pillows. The stairs had proved too much for him, and Angel had carried him up to Angel’s suite. He’d set Spike on a chair while he placed fresh linens on the bed, and then he’d helped Spike undress and crawl between the sheets. He’d moved his telly around so Spike could see it from the bed. But the remote control had been unworkable with Spike’s clumsy fingers, and he’d thrown the thing across the room in frustration. Now he was stuck watching some lawyer program, when he’d had more than enough of lawyers, of late.

He’d never felt so bloody helpless in his life.

Angel had grudgingly allowed Lindsey to stay for now. Lindsey had spent the morning and early evening in Spike’s room. Spike wondered whether he slept on the bed, or in the corner where Spike had usually consigned him when he’d been Spike’s slave. Angel had slept next to Spike, his arms wrapped protectively around him, and that was wonderful. Spike wished they could have had a nice shag, but his body didn’t seem quite up to it, and besides, Angel was preoccupied with planning for battle.

Now it was early evening. Angel and Lindsey were downstairs somewhere, sorting out the weapons supply, perhaps. Spike was lonely. He knew that was stupid, especially after all the time he’d spent by himself in his cell. And he knew he’d only be a nuisance downstairs, something in the way. But still, he wished he could at least watch Angel and Lindsey while they worked.

He was trying to push away these sour thoughts, and wondering whether he could manage to make it across the room to the fridge and the fresh supply of animal blood that Angel had acquired this afternoon, when he heard a loud crash from downstairs. It was quickly followed by a desperate shout: “Angel!!”

“Fuck!” Spike said. He tried to get out of bed and promptly fell on his face. He used the mattress to pull himself up, but could only manage a few wobbly steps before he fell again, this time on his arse. Meanwhile, he could hear banging and yelling sounds coming from the lobby.

Cursing as steadily as his tongue would permit, Spike crawled to the door of the suite. He knelt up and, with some difficulty, managed to paw the knob open, and then he crawled down the hall as fast as he could. He was still naked.

The noises got louder as he proceeded down the corridor. He crawled down the stairs clumsily. The lifts had broken a few years back, and Angel had never bothered to fix them. Right now, Spike very much wished he had. When he got to the next flight he began another descent, but his arms and legs betrayed him and he went tumbling down. Something gave in his leg as he fell; he heard a loud snap! and he screamed as a sharp pain lanced through him. He ended up on the bottom, panting and battered, his right fibula jutting at an unnatural angle. He wasn’t sure how he was going to make it down the final flight. And what could he possibly do when he got there?

Snarling in anger and nearly frantic with worry, Spike crawled down the hall, his useless leg dragging behind him. After what felt like years, he made it to the balcony, where he could look down at the lobby one floor beneath him. What he saw made him howl in rage.

A dozen or so people in black military-type uniforms were in the lobby. Half of them were sprawled on the floor with blood pooling around their motionless bodies. The remaining ones were fighting, throwing kicks and punches and hacking away with some serious-looking blades. Angel and Lindsey were whirling around with them. Angel was in game face, and he had a bloody broadsword in one hand and an iron mace in the other. Lindsey was swinging away with a flail. Both Angel and Lindsey were visibly wounded. It looked like one of Angel’s shoulders had been impaled and one of Lindsey’s arms was hanging awkwardly.

As Spike watched helplessly, Angel ran one of the men in black through with the sword, used his foot to push his mortally injured opponent away, and then ducked a stab from another man’s knife before bringing the mace down on the man’s back. Meanwhile, Lindsey stood in the center of a circle of four men, keeping them away from himself with the flail. The flail struck one of the men in the neck, and he fell to his knees, clutching his throat and screaming hoarsely.

If Spike had been in better shape, he could have hopped straight down from the balcony and joined in the fray. As it was, he could only huddle and watch impotently.

As Angel traded blows with one man, another circled behind him and hit him in the head, hard, with a metal club. Angel stumbled forward, blood spurting from his scalp, and the man in front yanked the sword out of his hands. But Angel spun and whacked the second man with his mace. Spike could hear the man’s spine snap and he dropped to the ground like a stone.

Lindsey was still holding two men off, but he had a nasty scalp wound that was sending blood sheeting into his face, obviously obscuring his vision. Angel stumbled over to him and kicked one of the men in black, sending the man flying across the room. He thudded against a wall and slid to the floor, leaving a streak of red as he went.

Lindsey had fallen to his knees but still tried to hold the remaining attackers off. Angel dropped the mace and tackled one of them. He grabbed the man and bent his head, clearly intending to rip the man’s throat open. But Lindsey and Spike both screamed at the same time: “Angel!” as the remaining man ran at Angel’s back, swinging the sword right at neck height. The rest happened very fast. Angel dropped his captive; Angel’s face was coated in gore. The man fell on his back and clutched weakly at his own throat, which was spouting like a small geyser. The vampire swung around. He would have been too late, though. The blade was nearly in place to decapitate him. But Lindsey lunged at the last man, wrapping his arms around the man’s knees and then shrieking when the sword ran him through instead. Angel fell on the man and nearly twisted his head off.

And then all was nearly quiet. Lindsey and Angel panted heavily, and a few of the men on the floor groaned. Angel quickly stalked around the room, snapping the necks of the men who were still breathing, then collapsed heavily against a support pillar. Lindsey was on the ground, clutching his belly, where the broadsword still protruded.

“Angel!” Spike yelled.

Angel snapped his head up and looked at Spike with wild eyes. “Stay there!” he thundered. Spike growled at him. It wasn’t as if he could do much else anyway.

After a few minutes, Angel stood straight and limped over to where Lindsey lay. “You gonna live?” he asked.

“Prob’ly. If you get this thing outta me.”

Angel eyed the sword for a second and then gave it a single hard yank. Lindsey screamed and Spike could see fresh blood blossom on his white shirt. With a sigh, Angel ripped off his own shirt—a light gray jumper—and used it to bandage Lindsey’s wound. Then he scooped Lindsey into his own arms—awkwardly, due to his injured shoulder—and began carrying him upstairs.

When he got one flight up, he looked over at where Spike was still hunched near the balcony. “What the hell happened to you?” he shouted.

“Stairs.”

“Goddamn it!” He sighed. “Don’t move. I’ll be back for you in a minute.” Spike watched him carry Lindsey upstairs. It looked like the man had passed out.

Soon enough, Angel returned. Spike tried to walk with his support, but with only one good leg, and that one dysfunctional, he couldn’t manage it, and Angel had to carry him, as well. “What…what happened?” Spike asked as they went upstairs.

“I was in the office. I think they just burst in the front door. Fuck. I’m gonna have to go down there and lock up and dump the bodies. After I patch everyone up.”

“You’re…hurt.”

“I’ll be fine. I don’t know about Lindsey.”

“No guns.”

“They don’t want the cops involved, I think.”

“More…more men?” Spike wanted to ask whether more attackers would be coming, but he couldn’t manage it. Fortunately, Angel seemed to understand.

“No, that’s it, for now, anyway. Damnit! I need to get a ward put on this place.”

“Red,” said Spike.

“She’s in Scotland, Spike.”

Spike rolled his eyes. He wasn’t that stupid. “Call Red,” he said firmly. Spike had seen her work. He knew she was powerful enough that she could probably place wards from anywhere on the globe.

“Okay. Maybe she’ll know someone nearby who can help.”

Spike huffed in annoyance. If he ever did get mended, he was going to have a long talk with Peaches about listening to him once in a while.

By now they were at Angel’s suite. Angel laid Spike on the bed, and Lindsey was already there on the other side, unconscious and bleeding onto Angel’s expensive bedding.

Groaning at the pain in his own leg, Spike rolled onto his side and tried to assess how badly Lindsey was hurt. Angel grabbed a big container of blood from the fridge and swigged it down cold. Then he brought another over for Spike, who ignored it for the time being. Sodding cow blood was nearly useless for healing anyhow. Spike was able to help Angel a bit as he peeled off Lindsey’s clothes. The man had a lot of bruising that was just beginning to show, and would doubtless be spectacular by morning. He was sliced here and there, as well, mostly shallowly, but then he had a dislocated shoulder and that large hole in his abdomen.

Angel looked down at him, grunted, and in one smooth movement, wrestled his shoulder back into place. Spike thought it was lucky Lindsey was already out when Angel did that; Spike had dislocated his joints many times, and it always hurt like bloody hell to pop them back.

Muttering darkly to himself, Angel disappeared into the loo. He returned a moment later with his first aid kit. It was a large one; he and Spike had often needed patching up. He removed his ruined shirt from Lindsey’s torso, and Spike was glad to see the bleeding had already stopped. Angel poured some alcohol on the wound, gently rolled Lindsey onto his side, and dripped some more where the sword had exited. Then, with a bit of Spike’s help, he wrapped some bandages all the way around. He looked down at Lindsey critically. “He’ll live,” he said, as if he wasn’t sure whether he was pleased about that or not. He was probably right, though—Lindsey had proven himself remarkably resilient for a human.

His doctoring of Lindsey finished, Angel came over to inspect Spike’s leg. “Broken,” he grumbled. “Hang on.” He disappeared again, this time to rummage in his cupboard. Spike smiled when he saw what he was carrying: a black plastic leg brace. A few years ago, Spike had broken a leg in a fight with some Otrnars. Apparently, Angel had saved the brace after Spike’s leg mended. Now, Angel walked over. Spike gritted his teeth and swallowed a scream as Angel realigned the bone properly, and then Angel fitted the brace over his leg.

“You?” Spike said. He could see a nasty-looking injury in Angel’s shoulder, and his grandsire’s hair was matted with dried blood.

“I’ll be okay. I need to go take care of that mess downstairs and call Willow. Will you be all right?”

Spike nodded and fervently wished he wasn’t so bleeding useless. Angel leaned over and lightly kissed his forehead. “I’ll be back soon.”

Spike finished off his blood and watched Lindsey for a time, and he’d fallen into a light doze when Angel returned looking exhausted. “You were right,” Angel said, kicking off his shoes. “Willow put up a ward. Should have asked her when we first arrived, damn it. But we’re safe now.”

“Good,” replied Spike.

“I need to clean up and crash for a while. I’ll get him some painkillers later.” He gestured at Lindsey.

“He saved you.”

Angel grimaced. “I know. I still don’t trust him. But I guess he can stay for now.” Spike felt a happy little flutter in his gut. He loved Angel, but he’d enjoyed his year with his pet, and he wanted to keep the man around.

Angel finished undressing, then took a short shower. He emerged naked and still dripping. It was a good look on him, without the poufy hair gel making his hair stick up. His injuries didn’t look too horrible. He glowered at the invalids in his bed. Spike smiled and scooted closer to Lindsey, patting the empty space beside him. The bed was big enough for three.

With a big, drama queen sigh, Angel slid in next to Spike and pulled the covers up. Spike lay on his back and listened to the breathing on either side of him. Even without touching them, he could feel the bulk of their muscles and the strength of their bodies. As he fell asleep, he was thinking about how nice it was to lie between them.

Chapter Eight