The Legjob

"Do you like what you see?" she asked when she let me in the room.

"Oh, yes ma'am!" I answered.

The bound female seated before me was a tall, pretty brunette - 
naked, blindfolded and gagged.  Her knees and ankles were bound 
together, and her hands were cuffed behind her back.

"Well, get some lotion and rub it into her legs.  Take all your 
clothes off first."

I undressed, then got the container of lotion and knelt before the 
bound brunette.  The lotion went on easily, and her delectable legs 
were smooth and firm.  Of course, I had a firm erection from the 
erotic stimulation of feeling her legs.  I rubbed the lotion on the 
back of her calves, as well as her gorgeous knees.

"Do her thighs, too."

The brunette's thighs were soft and resilient.  I pressed firmly and 
massaged the creamy lotion into her skin.  After a few minutes, I 
went back to her legs.

"Put the lotion down now."

"Now put your thing between her legs."

I got closer to the bound female in front of me, and, still kneeling, 
pressed my now throbbing erection between the fleshy parts of her 
shins.

"Now fuck her legs.  When you cum, use your cream as a lotion."

I grasped the fleshy portion of the brunette's calves and pumped my 
boner between her legs.  The lotion had imparted a smooth and 
lubricated quality to her legs.  I knew I would be ejaculating soon, 
as I had been hand-jobbed to the point just short of orgasm twice 
that day, and three times the previous day.  This also ensured that I 
would have a plentiful supply of semen.  

I felt the brunette's thighs and went back to feeling her legs as I 
pumped.  A leg job was a new experience.

The suddenness of my ejaculation took me by surprise.  In almost no 
time I felt my orgasm take hold, and my hard cock began to pulse.  

"Oh! Ah! Ooh! .." I pulled back, my cock throbbed, and jets of semen 
splashed all over the brunette's legs.

"Quick - rub it in now, before it drips on the floor."

I massaged the slippery, translucent cream into the delicious legs, 
knees, and thighs of the bound female.  Her skin took on a lustre 
from the attention.

"Take off her gag and blindfold."

"Yes ma'am."

"He ejaculated all over your legs.  What do you think should happen 
to nasty boys who squirt on a woman's legs?"

"They should be punished," the bound girl replied in a pouting voice.

"If it were up to you, how would you punish him?"

"I would take him across my lap and give him a paddling he wouldn't 
ever forget."

"Bring the large hardwood hairbrush while I untie her.  I'll watch as 
she gives you a good, long, hard paddling."

"Yes ma'am..." I said in a shaky voice, and got up to do as directed.

When I returned, the brunette was sitting up.  Her knees were 
together, and her feet were about twelve inches apart, and pointing 
inward.

"Hand me that paddle and get across my lap now, you nasty boy!  I'll 
show you what happens to boys who squirt on a woman's legs."

I was unprepared for the strength of the brunette's swats.  She 
wielded that hairbrush for all she was worth, and paddled long, hard, 
and fiercely.  Although I was accustomed to receiving severe 
discipline on my bare bottom, this was something else - she just kept 
going while I, at first, did my best to keep still, and later found 
that I could not.  I squirmed, kicked, and writhed, at the same time 
that I urgently voiced my predicament.  She peppered the spanking 
with phrases about nasty boys and how they get what they deserve from 
the paddle.

When it was finally over, I had to service both aroused women orally 
through a couple of climaxes.

The woman who brought me to the room asked the brunette, "What would 
you do if he ejaculated on your breasts?"

"I'd give him a nice big enema for each breast that he squirted on, 
and then a good long strapping!"

Both women giggled.


-----
This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited 
without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified 
is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
