Title: Slippery When Wet - Chapter 3

Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>

Summary: The loving group expands (MF+, FM+, sharing) 
*****************************************************

In the spring Becky got an email from her youngest sister Sarah who had just turned seventeen. When Sarah had visited the farm with their family she noticed how happy her big sister was. Now she wanted to spend the summer with her to get away from her rather rigid parents...not an unusual teen wish. Becky didn't get to see her sister often so got everyone's approval. In late May Sarah arrived to a different environment than she had ever known. The next day Becky and Martha told her to pack up her stylish city clothes and took her to town for some country duds. They planned to change the way the pampered and inexperienced girl looked at life. She was outfitted in serious jeans, protective shirts, and work boots suitable for farm chores. Everyone suffered through wearing clothes at home until the new arrival could be eased into the preferred and usual nudity. The sex would have to be discreet for a while too. 

Sarah had her own room in the big farmhouse with a great view. After shopping and lunch she took a nap during which she thought she heard sex noises from her sister's room next door. But Rod was out in the fields. Only Paul was home but he was "old". Puzzled, she diddled herself to a climax, a common naptime occurance. Not wanting a repeat of Becky's problem, Mom had put her on contraceptives when her periods started. She had screwed a few boyfriends but it wasn't the great fun she had heard and read about. Her own fingers were better.

Martha took her to the garden and wore her out with more physical exercise than she ever had. Sleep came quickly after dinner. The next few days were much the same. She met Andy and worked with him on a number of tasks. His muscular body shone with sweat as he worked bare chested. He was confident, charming, and polite. It was enough to get any girl hot. She had an image to use when she jilled now. Andy wished she would be topless too since the brunette had developed tits earlier and more abundantly than Becky. He would just have to be patient. There was also a different image in his mind as he next pounded her older sister.

After a week of pretending to be conventional, Becky took her little sister out to the swimming hole and initiated her into skinnydipping. Lounging naked on their towels, Becky started out with, "I know you came here to get away from stuffy mom and dad but you don't yet realize how 'unstuffy' we are here. Did you like swimming naked? Does it feel good to be in the sun with me like this?" Sarah nodded. Becky continued, "Our little group, which I think of as family now, is completely open with each other. Besides being nudists out here we usually don't wear clothes at home. I see your nipples are hardening. How do you feel about having Rod and Paul and Andy see your beautiful body...you don't have to answer." Sarah's hand went to her crotch. "It takes some getting used to but it is wonderful!" Becky was also rubbing her cunt as she continued, "Of course having no clothes in the way makes it much easier to show affection. I said we are completely open and I meant that very literally. I open my legs for Rod, of course, but also for Paul and Andy regularly." Sarah gasped, "OH MY GOD!" and shuddered in a climax. Becky rolled to hold her sister and reached for her cunt to take her quickly to another orgasm. Sarah had many questions. She could easily understand screwing Rod and Andy but Paul? Becky explained, "Like you, I wondered but, believe me, he is great. In some ways he is better than Rod. I do not expect you to do anything until you are ready. If and when you decide to get laid, bring your partner of choice out here. It is a family tradition."

They stayed naked on the way back to the house and the family members stripped to give Sarah a real intimate full body hug. Her body tingled feeling the three erections and Martha's big tits pressed against her. A bottle of champagne was opened and Sarah was officially welcomed into the family. She now worked topless when she could and loved rubbing her sweaty breasts on Andy's wet chest as she gave him a thank you hug for any reason. She was showering one time when Rod came into the bathroom so she asked him to wash her back. And then her front. She wanted to wash him and got to feel the body of a grown man all over for the first time. Her horns, hormones, and courage finally got strong enough to ask Andy to take her to the swimming hole. He had been hoping for the invitation and they were soon alternating swimming and screwing for the rest of the afternoon. It was obvious to everyone else at dinner that the two were now very close. Paul offered a toast to the new lovers as Sarah blushed and Andy beamed. Sarah confided in her sister how amazing sex was. Chuckling, Becky said she remembered Rod giving her the same revelations at the swimming hole. "Welcome to becoming a real woman."

Sarah was in heat. She screwed Andy day and night, whenever she could get some time with him. After a week, Becky reminded her that she and Martha were used to getting some of his loving too. "If you need that much cock then give the other guys a chance. They can both show you a good time and some different experiences." Chagrined, Sarah nodded. She told Andy what her sister had said and he nodded. "She's right, you know...I realize I'm special to you but fucking the other men really won't ever change that. You'll see." After dinner she shyly invited Rod to her bedroom. Just as promised, his body and cock were delightful. The new partners easily screwed twice and when Rod left her bed Andy quickly joined the freshly fucked girl. His fingers explored her juicy cunt as he kissed her. He had just come from Becky's bed and so could couple with her for a long time. As he reminded her that all the juices of the two pairs of siblings were on both of them, she exploded and that set him off too. In the morning she whispered, "Wow, banging two men in a row. Guess that makes me a slut?" "Guess then I'm one too", replied Andy, "Just wait till you have three! Paul is eager to try your young pussy." Sarah took care of that the next evening. She thought how right her sister was as the older man brought her to climax after climax before he spurted his cock juice on her cervix. She held him close and thanked him before Andy reclaimed her again. She felt wicked and loved at the same time. It was great.

On Sundays, if there was no special event on the calendar, the family would spend the afternoon "worshipping nature", as they called it. They all demonstrated their thankfulness for the gift of sex by playing in any manner and combination they could think of. Everybody was by now comfortable with doing anything in front of anybody. It actually raised the level of excitement to show off a bit. Having your usual partner actually see you enjoy fucking someone else is a pretty damned special kind of sharing. With six participants in the "prayers" there were many possibilities. Sarah got to have her three cocks in a row which was made even better by the two men who were not in her cunt pleasuring the rest of her body while she screwed the third. The level of trust was so strong that some ideas from the internet were tried. Light bondage, golden showers, anal penetration, and same sex exploration were on the agenda. Different strokes appealed to different folks so they just had to remember who liked what. The oldest couple enjoyed the bondage where they were pleasured unmercifully and resistance was futile. The younger four would do anal as part of the occasional double penetration but preferred cum in the cunt. The sisters and Andy liked pee games so they would go to the swimming hole to get as messy as they wanted and then rinse off easily. Andy especially loved the women's hot streams on his erection and then he would hose their tits and pussy lips. Fucking usually followed the wet foreplay. Female-female play happened pretty easily but the men were more reticent. They were encouraged to guide another cock into their main partner's pussy and hold his balls as he ejaculated in her. The men were reminded that they often tasted another man's cum in a pussy so why not taste it at the source...clean off the cock that had just put it there. The women thought it was hot to share cocksucking with a guy but they didn't expect him to take the cum in his mouth. They were happy to enjoy that. There was enough regular sex available that ssme sex stuff was just frosting on the cake.

Summer vacation came to an end and Sarah said a tearful goodbye. She had matured physically, emotionally, and sexually during the two months at the farm. She knew that the free and easy sex at the farm wasn't going to be found at home. High school boys would be disappointing so she had to find an older man as a regular partner. She had learned to consider even quite older men if they were attractive. Condom use was a must as she tried out prospective candidates and even then until it was safe to go bare.

Sarah's mother recognized the maturing of her daughter even though she had no idea of the extent. The readjustment of expectations went pretty smoothly with Sarah getting considerably more freedom. Her toys got a workout as she searched for a good man. She enrolled in an AP class at the community college. It would be fun and she could meet some more mature guys. She also looked for a part time after school job at small businesses where the owner was attractive and older. Both strategies worked. At the college, after four interviews, she settled on an exMarine ten years older than herself who had an apartment near the school. They often had a quicky after the class they had together. He understood that she wouldn't date but would bang her on weekends too when she could meet him. She had him get checked by his doctor so he could splash his cum in her.

Sarah found a job two afternoons a week at a small shop owned by a trim 50 year old clock repairman. She kept things organized and did ordering and billing. Ralph greatly enjoyed the company of the mature young woman since there was little customer traffic in the shop. His wife was in a nursing home so he was quite lonely. He encouraged her to stay around after work and offered dinner at a nearby restaurant. Sarah picked up on his mild depression and encouraged him to share his feelings at their meal together. She grew quite fond of him and wondered how to break the ice. She asked her wise big sister for advice during the next weekly chat. The next work day she put the plan into action and Ralph got some unexpected young pussy. She loved his bare thick cock. Her college fuck buddy was still using condoms so the hot squirts on her cervix set her off nicely. They would fuck with her up on or bent over his desk. Ralph wanted better circumstances so he suggested hiring her to clean his apartment every other Saturday. He offered a goodly fee and she knew it meant "cleaning" him too. That was fine with her and she accepted. Screwing him in a bed was much nicer of course. She actually did some nude cleaning while he recovered from his first prostate draining.

Her sex life was improving in quantity and quality. Her school buddy regularly banged her three mornings a week and her boss two afternoons. Wednesday she had both of them. Nights were lonelier without Andy to sleep with so she saved her money to go see him at Thanksgiving break. She knew she would tell him all about her fuck buddies when they screwed and wondered if he was getting any outside pussy. That topic would only be discussed in person and in bed. In the meantime she was keeping her cunt in condition for her three favorite hard cocks that would vigorously welcome her back to the farm. She really looked forward to that!

Andy had given up on school girls long ago but was trying some single women who were having a hard time getting dates. He was only looking for sex buddies since his heart belonged to Sarah. Martha and Becky helped identify good candidates and arranged introductions to the sometimes skeptical women. It took a few test fuck dates before he settled on a couple of women. One was a 25 year old chunky blond with small tits and a handsome but not pretty face who lived at home on a nearby farm. She was enthusiastic and very appreciative. Her military boyfriend was deployed for a year and she had permission to play. The other was a 30 year old career single mom with two elementary age kids. She worked from home so could get with him during school hours or when her kids were with the father. Neither one was fucking anyone else but were ok with condoms, at least to start. Andy's ego got pretty pumped when these older women moaned and cried with pleasure. They were very glad that they took Martha's recommendation of this high school kid. Although curious as hell, they never asked just how she knew he was such a stud or if he was banging anyone else.

Thanksgiving finally came and Sarah had a week off. She was booked on the earliest flight she could get and was met by her sister and Martha. They chattered all the way to the farm. The first thing Sarah did at the farmhouse was strip and give everyone, including the toddlers, a big naked hug. Rod and Andy were still out in the fields and she needed to catch up on family sex so she took Paul to the bed she shared with Andy. He was hard in anticipation and she was wet so he quickly buried himself in her hot tight twat. Martha had fucked him earlier that morning so he could give the visitor a long ride. He finally bathed her vagina with senior semen and they went downstairs for lunch. Sarah played with the kids until the men returned. She showered with Andy and gave him a blowjob explaining that she wanted to fuck Rod next since the two of them would have all night. After dinner Rod got his turn in her saddle. Becky teasingly requested that there be some of him left for her. After dessert, the youngest couple headed to bed. Pulling the cum soaked towel off the bed Sarah laid next to Andy and hugged him tightly. She said, "I've really missed sharing this bed with you. My pussy is nice and slippery so slide my favorite cock all the way in. Cum in me and then let's talk." They humped each other hard until they both came. Andy left his firm cock soaking in the assorted cum while they talked. Sarah opened the topic, "Has this cock been enjoying any pussy other than family?" Andy told her about his two sex buddies and she asked, "When did you do them last?" "Since I don't expect to see them while you are here I gave them both a good seeing to yesterday." Sarah thrust her hips at him and said, "I know what they are missing so it's ok if you want to do them a little bit while I'm here. But I insist that you come right back so I can taste them on your dick."

Andy was getting hard again and slowly slid in and out of the slippery wet cunt of his beloved. He asked, "I just know you haven't gone without since you were here...tell me about it." Sarah humped back in synch with his thrusts as she described in erotic detail how she hooked up with her partners at home. He got harder and harder as she talked about getting laid. His cum shot hard against her cervix and she came as well. As he lay next to her breathing heavily, "Damn, I wish I could see that. It's always so hot to see you getting dicked. Kind of like a real life porn video." "Hey," she exclaimed, "I will use my phone to do that and send it to you! Would you do it for me too?"

The rest of the week was spent having all sorts of fun, both in and out of bed. It was too cold to go to the swimming hole so they screwed in the barn and anywhere else they could for variety. Mid-week Andy visited his lady friends and got rewarded with a Sarah blowjob after each one. She said, "I'd like to meet them but that might be more than they could handle." "I think that they will both be at the Thanksgiving dance on Saturday. My relationship with each of them needs to be discreet so it will be ok. I will introduce you as my visiting sister-in-law and I will dance with them."

The Thanksgiving potluck and dance was real country style and lots of fun. Sarah had to work at keeping a straight face when meeting Andy's fuck buddies. As she made small talk she felt so worldly and wicked knowing all about their affairs while they new nothing of Andy's other partners. Her pussy juiced as she remembered tasting their flavors on Andy's cock. What would they think if they knew her history with him? She didn't really care but it was kind of exciting to think about.

As they shared the last lovemaking before she returned home, Sarah cried in Andy's arms. Trying to lighten things up, Andy worked at keeping a straight face as he said, "Christmas isn't too far away and I hope you  can come back here. I am worried about one thing though...you are such a horny toad that you might wear out my favorite part before you return." She took the bait and heatedly responded, "Oh hell, it's me who should be worried...you've got four women to service with a part that needs reloading time. My pussy only takes care of two men and it hasn't even gotten sore with three cocks pounding it all this week!" He grinned and gave her crotch a big kiss. "I know you will take care of it until I can enjoy it again." She laughed, "You bet I will and you know exactly how. I'll have some video to rile you up on my next visit."

After a week without her pussy, her fuck buddies wanted to make up for lost time and she happily accomodated them. She loved sex and enjoyed each of her men as an individual. They kissed and caressed differently. Oral sex giving and receiving was different. The variety in size and shape of their bodies and penises, the way they stroked and thrust, and the positions they favored made comparisons useless. The growing love she felt for Andy, however, added another dimension to her sex with him that the others could not match. She knew from Becky and Martha that they had the same experience with their mates versus other partners.

Although her parents wished that Sarah would spend Christmas with them, Becky had told them how important Andy was becoming to her little sister. She just didn't elaborate on exactly HOW important he was. Travel plans were made and Sarah counted the days until she could shag her lover man again. Her fuck buddies were quite helpful in making the videos. She borrowed her dad's good video camera on the pretext of a school project. He just didn't know it would be sex ed! Careful placement kept faces hidden but all the other parts were well captured in action, even including an internal creampie shot at the end. It took several tries before she got all the scenes the way she wanted them but no one complained. She had a video editing class so the results were better than some professional porn. Andy's recordings were more amateurish because he didn't have the technology but it certainly would give Sarah an eyeful. He told Sarah during one of their regular Skype sessions that the boyfriend of his farmer's daughter sex buddy was getting leave over the holidays. She had told him about Andy and he had suggested a threesome so he could see who was banging his girlfriend. How should he handle that? Sarah suggested that she be included to make a video of the event for the soldier to take back with him. She might even be able to do her 'patriotic duty' with the boyfriend without revealing that Andy was her lover. The military couple was thrilled with the idea!

Christmas vacation arrived quickly and Sarah was happy to slip into the loving routine at the farm and spend nights with Andy. They had some great sex watching the home videos. They visited the military couple a couple of days after Sara got there. The foursome went to the city and got a nice hotel room for the special night. Two beds and two couples. At dinner the youngsters admitted that they were a couple but it was ok for them to "play", just like the other couple. The video camera and their genitals got a lot of use between dinner and checkout. All sorts of combinations were tried and the soldier's girl friend got the first double teaming and girl-girl action of her life. She loved it! Two sated couples drove back the next afternoon with all of them needing more sleep. 

Paul had an overnight trip to take for business and he asked if Sarah could accompany him. That would give Andy a rare chance to spend the whole night with Martha as well. It was agreed and Sarah became an "executive assistant/consort". After the business was concluded he took his lovely young companion to a fine restaurant and theatrical production before returning to their luxury suite. She couldn't drink in public so he had a bottle of champagne in the room. They got tipsy and naked, took a shower together, and headed for the king size playpen. At home they usually had relatively short times for sex together so the opportunity to spend 12 hours in bed wasn't lost on either one of them. Paul had some Cialis to make the most of the situation because he knew what an avid bed parner the teenager could be. When she had temporarily deflated him, she enjoyed oral pleasuring and even got Paul to try some pissing fun in the jacuzzi. By the time they checked out he had shot cum into the hottie a half dozen times...a total he had not even achieved as a young man. She was always ready for more and he knew Andy would get pounced on as soon as they got home. He wondered if Martha had as much action from her young bed companion. He hoped so since he had a bit of recovering to do.

Even with the extracurricular sex that both were frequently enjoying, Andy and Sarah were falling more deeply in love. The maturity and trust they had learned within the family enabled them to happily enjoy sexual intimacy with others. While that would break up most couples, they enjoyed sharing each other's pleasure and sexual adventures. It became a stimulant for their own lovemaking and built a very strong bond between them. They were more sensible about sex and love than most older people. The prospect of at least three months apart, even with the sexual releases they had arranged, loomed big in their minds and hearts as the vacation time ended. The two young lovers called a family council and asked for advice. The older couples had seen the love developing. The only good solution was for Sarah to come and live with them and finish school there. She was a good student and needed little to graduate. There was a community college branch in their small town so she could continue to get college credit classes as a senior. Andy was considering college as well. Martha and Becky made the phone call to Sarah's parents and explained the situation as well as they could without shocking the conservatives. Becky told her mother that Sarah was a lot more mature than she had been at that age. She further related that the couple considered themselves engaged and wanted to marry when Sarah graduated. There was reluctant agreement and the young couple went berserk with joy.

Sarah returned home to lots of questions. Yes, she was sharing a bedroom with Andy, No, she wasn't pregnant. And many others. She quickly packed her essential belongings, gave a goodbye piece to each of her fuck buddies, and made the two day drive to her new loving home on the farm. 