Beach Trip
by toodamnhung ©

For some reason being at the beach always makes me horny. Perhaps everyone 
is like this. I don't know, but something about the water and sand always 
gets me thinking about sex. Then again, maybe it's the fact that people 
wear very little clothing at the beach. Regardless I am lucky that my 
girlfriend Dawn feels this way too, as she so beautifully proved one 
recent afternoon.

We spent the whole day at the beach. It was a gorgeous day, clear and 
cloudless with the temperature in the low 80s. To be honest I don't 
remember thinking about sex too much during the day. Of course Dawn looked 
great in her bikini, but it was mostly just a fun, relaxing day. We swam 
in the water, spent time lounging in the chairs we had brought with us, 
and even did some reading. 

The ride home, however, was a bit more exciting. At that time we lived 
about an hour form the beach, so we had quite a long drive home. Since 
Dawn was riding home in her bikini it did not take long for me to start 
thinking about sex. 

She looked great. The afternoon sun was coming directly in the windshield 
warming us with a golden glow. Her blue, flowered bikini contrasted nicely 
with her sun tanned skin. It was one of those moments painters must live 
for - a moment of perfect light on a perfect subject. 

My small truck cab put us in relatively close proximity to one another, 
and I guess it all began with my arm over Dawn's shoulders, resting on the 
back of the seat. In short order I found my hand roaming over her 
sun-kissed shoulders and down across her chest. My fingers teased to 
attention the nipple closet to me then migrated to the other which was 
just barely within reach. 

Taking my eyes off the road briefly to ogle Dawn's newly erect nipples I 
noticed that she had her head back against the headrest and was smiling 
pleasantly as the warm rays of the sun and my fingers played across her 
blue bikini top and her upper body. In truth I had anticipated that she 
would have asked me to stop by now since I was supposed to be 
concentrating on the busy two-lane highway on which we were driving. 

Since she seemed to be enjoying the attention I was paying to her chest, I 
slipped my hand under her bikini top, cupping the breast nearest to me. I 
massaged her tit slowly, holding it fully in my hand and squeezing softly. 
I couldn't reach the other one very well so I concentrated on the one 
closest to me, occasionally rubbing the nipple of her lovely C cup breast 
between my fingers.

Dawn scooted closer to me, allowing me access to the her other breast (and 
making it easier for me to drive). Taking this as a definite sign of 
encouragement, I pulled the right breast up out of her bikini and began to 
give it a good massaging. After a minute I returned to the left breast and 
hoisted it out of the bikini too. Both of her tits were now out in the 
open, soaking up the warm afternoon sunlight that beamed warmly on us 
through the windshield.

"You don't think they can see, do you?" Dawn asked, meaning the cars 
coming the other way.

"Not through the window tint," I replied, though in truth I figured if 
they were looking they could probably see us pretty well. 

Dawn smiled playfully and grabbed each of her lovely tits in her own hands 
squeezing them up and pointing them right at me. She tweaked each of her 
nipples till they stood straight out, even licking her finger and toying 
with each nipple while giving me a sly smile.

"Jesus," I said. "That is so fucking hot."

"Oh really. How about this?" she responded as she slipped both of the 
shoulder straps off of her bikini top. She spun the top around to unbutton 
the clasp in the back and let it fall to her lap. "Is that hot too?" she 
asked, pushing the bikini top off her lap onto the floorboard.

"Oh man, I'll say. Touch them some more."

"Mmmmmm," Dawn let out a soft moan as she caressed her breasts. She leaned 
back in the seat and arched her back, pushing her lovely tits up in the 
sunlight. "Are you sure no one can see?"

"I don't know," I replied. I don't think so, but who knows? Does it really 
matter?" I asked, feeling pretty sure that I had now seen people staring 
right at us as they drove past.

"I guess not," she said as she continued her super sexy tit massage.

"Want me to take off my bottoms?" she asked softly.

"Hell yes I do," I replied eagerly. "I really do."

Dawn quickly and very lithely (especially considering the small size of 
our mini truck cab) slid out of her bikini bottoms, letting them join the 
bikini top on the floorboard. She lifted her left leg onto the bench seat 
near the gear shift and spun her self toward me to improve my view. She 
let her hands slide slowly down her chest across her sun ripened stomach 
to the milky untanned area and the thick dark patch of hair below. 

"Oh my God, this is so unbelievably hot," I said, realizing my girlfriend 
was now totally naked in the front seat of my truck on a relatively 
crowded two-lane highway.

But Dawn didn't reply. She just smiled slyly as her fingers found her 
furry pubic mound, touching it lightly and softly. She leaned back further 
in the seat and rotated a little more laying on leg flat against the seat, 
knee bent. The other leg she rested on the dash. I now had an unbelievable 
view of her sweet cunt. Illuminated by the afternoon sun, it glistened 
moistly as Dawn spread her lips gently with the two fingers of her right 
hand.

"Watch the road," she teased.

"Yeah, right," I shot back.

"You don't wanna see me put my fingers in there, do you?" she teased.

"Just a little," I said.

"Here, look." She eased her two fingertips into her pussy, bringing them 
right back out to rub around the lips and clit. "Mmmmmmm, how's that?" she 
asked, now sliding the two fingers more deeply into herself.

"It's fucking, hot baby. You are amazing." My encouragement seemed to 
hasten her pace and her intensity. She lifted her hips still higher in the 
air and began working her fingers in and out faster and deeper. 

Judging form the cars that began to swerve a bit as they passed us I was 
guessing the drivers were getting quite a show, but Dawn was way past 
caring. She had both her feet planted firmly on the dashboard now, lifting 
her hips high in the air and working her fingers furiously in and out of 
her pussy. Her titties bounced freely as she fingerfucked herself into a 
frenzy. I could tell she was close to cumming.

"Cum for me, baby," I encouraged her, taking the occasional glance at the 
road to keep us from crashing and to enjoy the reaction of the drivers 
coming the other way as they saw Dawn masturbating furiously in the front 
seat of our little truck. 

"Make that pussy cum. Cum hard."

"Oh, God baby. I am. I am gonna cum," she moaned loudly, throwing her head 
back violently against the seat.

Fingers moving furiously now, making a smacking sound, Dawn rubbed her 
clit madly with her protruding thumb to send herself over the edge as the 
fingers continued to slide quiclkly in and out of her dripping slit. I 
watched her tense and tremble, going completely still for a few moments as 
she always does, before she let her hips fall, sinking back to the seat 
exhausted, the smell of her huge orgasm filling the small truck cab.

A few minutes later Dawn began to shiver, so I dug a towel out from behind 
the seat for her to cover herself with. We had only covered about half of 
our trip home; we had another half hour to go.

Dawn wrapped up in the beach towel, curling up and resting her head on the 
passenger door. I returned to driving - trying to focus again on the road 
now that her show was over. This, however, proved to be difficult. First, 
I had a raging hard on in my surf shorts from her fabulous display. 
Second, now that she had lain her head on the side door, her naked ass was 
poking slightly out of the bottom of the beach towel. This was proving to 
be extremely distracting.

Trying valiantly to focus on the road, I played with the stereo, adjusted 
the mirrors, and set the a/c a little lower so she wouldn't be so cold. 
After a few minutes of fiddling it looked like she was asleep. Her back 
rose and fell in a steady rhythm under the towel.

"This will make it easier I thought," again turning my attention to the 
road ahead. "She can catch a little nap. And we get home we can fuck like 
rabbits." (Us fellas are always thinking ahead ya konw). I settled back a 
little further into the seat and focused on my driving.

After about 15 minutes I glanced over at Dawn and noticed that as she 
slept the towel had risen up, or she had slouched down a little. More of 
her ass was showing now. I could clearly see her tan lines end and the 
creamy white begin. 

Suddenly a car honked, and I realized I had drifted into the oncoming lane 
just slightly.

"Damn, I gotta concentrate," I said aloud, turning up the stereo. I hoped 
the music might help me focus on the road.

However, the noise of the car honking and the louder music only caused 
Dawn to shift her position, exposing even more of her ass to my view. Now, 
by bending down slightly at the waist I could see her hairy cunt peeking 
out at me. 

"This is not going to help me concentrate on the road,"I thought. 

To make matters worse, Dawn seemed to be having quite a dream. Every so 
often she moaned loudly, squeezing her legs together and shifting herself 
around on the truck seat.

"Fuck it," I said aloud, as I reached over with my right hand and slid my 
fingers up under the towel, taking my eyes off the road. I caressed her 
ass crack and slid my fingers briefly over her cunt. Finding that it was 
dripping wet again, I slid two fingers easily inside her, glancing 
frequently at the highway head to keep us on the road. Dawn moaned deeply 
and pressed herself against me. I guessed this was going well with her 
dream so I moved my fingers deeper in her. I began to move them faster. 

I desperately wanted to fuck now. I needed to release my throbbing cock, 
but we were still 10 minutes from home. I thought about pulling my cock 
out and jacking off, but I didn't think I could do that while driving and 
fingering her, so instead I tried to drive fast.

Dawn was pushing hard against my fingers now. I got my thumb wet with her 
cunt juice and slid it slowly into her asshole. This caused her to moan 
madly and buck against my hand like crazy. I was beginning to wonder if 
she was really asleep. Soon she trembled all over and let out the loudest 
moan I have ever heard from her. Her cum juices flooded over my hand as 
she sighed and whimpered with the release.

"Jesus, I wanna fuck you so bad, baby," I said almost to myself.

"Hurry up and get home then," she replied, sitting up sleepily. She 
wrapped herself in a towel, leaving the bikini on the floorboard where she 
had tossed it before. "Get us home, so we can fuck."

Needless to say I drove like a madman to get us home quickly. When we 
pulled into our drive, Dawn dashed into the apartment wrapped only in her 
towel. I could see her ass shake through a gap on the towel as I dashed in 
behind her. 

Unlocking the door quickly, we sprinted to the bedroom where I tossed her 
on the bed, ripping off my precum-soaked surf shorts and diving on top of 
her. Dawn hoisted her legs up in the air for me as I drove my throbbing 
dick deep into her soaking wet pussy. Grabbing her legs and raising them 
high in the air I pounded into her, and, while thinking about her fabulous 
road show, blew a huge load almost immediately. 

We spent the next day recovering form our beach trip, and I still get 
excited thinking about it!