usual disclaimer: If you are under 18 years of age and you are reading this you are being naughty children and should immediately stop and delete this file.  If you live in a community where this type of stuff is illegal, I suggest you move.  
		      Any similarities to persons living or dead is purely intentional.  Names may have been changed to protect the horny.
	
TheRant's Tales   (therant@yahoo.com)		TheRant's Fantasies
---------------------					--------------------------			
1.0  Firsts					I    In the Buff
1.1  Getting Even					II   Feminine Charms
1.2  Birthday Presents				III  Early to Bed (Cumming Soon)
1.3  Karate Girl					
1.4  Greek Lessons
1.5  Staying Even
1.6  Going Down Under 
1.7  My Indian Princess (Cumming Soon)

(archive at ftp.asstr.ml.org\pub\Authors\TheRant)
(or just search DejaNews for TheRant)



Going Down Under		by	TheRant
--------------------------

	Graduation!
	 I now had an Engineering degree hanging on my wall, and a good job waiting for me in one month's time, I'd been working at the place on and off part -time since I'd started at the university.  The month delay was by my choice.  I decided that I needed a little vacation before I began the doldrums of life.  
	For my destination I chose a place that always came up in my fantasies,...  Australia.  The land down under, with the kangaroos, koalas and some of the sexiest women in the world.  I always thought that Tom Cruise had a good idea.  He sees the poster for Dead Calm with the sexy, sultry Nicole Kidman pictured on it and decides to grab a mail-order bride.  With his clout he brings her up to star in his next movie and 'Bam!' he's got one of the world's hottest women on his arm.  
	And that accent doesn't hurt.  Did I mention that the Aussie accent always tends to start my juices flowing.
	I had originally planned to go with someone but all the women in my life were busy.  Michelle, who managed to get away for three days to help me celebrate my graduation, was busy completing her own degree.  Erika was busy getting hot and heavy with another student in one of her classes, we still saw each other sometimes and I had my first experience sharing her with another guy only last month...  but that's a different story.  Sheila was off to spend the summer hiking through Europe.  And Lisa, well I would have liked asking Lisa to join me but there was no way she'd leave Lenore for a month, and I didn't think she was quite up to coming with us and having me twenty-four hours a day yet.  
	So that left me stag.  I could live with that.
	The plane trip to Sydney was long and dull, but I learned to amuse myself by just closing my eyes and listening to the stewardesses and women returning home.  I'd picked an Australian airline flight just for that happy experience.
	I had just over three weeks, 23 days, to enjoy myself.  I'd planned to play tourist in Sydney for the first week then rent some transportation and go on a drive-about for the last two.  My hotel wasn't 5-star but it was at least a 3, and they had a daily series of tours going to all the local places of interest.  I found my place of interest sitting at the front of the mini-bus lecturing us on the local history and architecture.  
	Jenna was a real beauty.
	I'd originally started by sitting in the back of the bus but after we the first time we got out I switched to sitting at the front so I could watch her more closely, and of course flirt.  Jenna  was a real tease, joking with passengers and playing games with the old codgers who tried to grab her ass when they got on the bus.  She was a good sport about it, half because she was just psychologically built that way, and half because it usually got her a bigger tip at the end of the day.
	The second day she was a bit surprised to see me back.	The tour schedule worked on a three day cycle, so today's would be different than yesterday's but she still thought it was a bit unusual for me to go again.  "Simon, I'd thought you'd be out painting the town, or at least combing the beaches." She told me as I took my seat right next to hers.
	"I've got plenty of time for that." I told her, admiring the fine shine of her light brown hair as it swirled over her bare shoulders.  "You made such a good impression on me yesterday I decided I had to find out what other wonderful sights you have in your fair city."
	"All you yanks are such smooth talkers..." She joked with a flash of white teeth.  "...  but I didn't think you looked out the window much yesterday."
	I didn't have the heart to tell her she was a bit too south in the accent department 
	"What?" I asked feigning indignation.  "And here I was just trying to improve my education by pumping you for local color."
	"Huh!" she said with a laugh.  "I don't think it's local color you're hoping to pump."
	We had to leave it there as a group of senior citizens climbed in and made their way past us to they empty seats in the back.  
	The rest of the morning we only managed to exchange a few sentences as she was too busy with her job, but when we stopped for lunch I asked her to join me.  The place was a tavern, a mixture of bar and restaurant, and by the way the manager greeted Jenna as we entered this must have been one of her regular stops.
	We took a semi-private booth in a corner while we ate.  She ordered a bit more of the local color for our lunch and a pint of lager on the side to drink.  I'm really not much of a drinker and it quickly passed through my system.  Jenna had to help a few of our group earlier and show them how to get to the bathroom.,You had to get the key from the bar, then return it afterward.  I excused myself from her and went to get the key, but had to wait a minute while the bartender served a crowd who'd just come in.  
	I had to go down a back corridor to get to the john but was pleased to see that the place was pretty clean.  You can usually tell the condition of the facilities just by the condition of the locale around it.  Slipping the key into the lock I turned it then pushed the door, but it wouldn't open.  Turning it again I discovered I'd just locked it instead of unlocking it.  The last user must have forgotten to lock it up.
	Pushing open the door I stepped inside to find the room already occupied.
	"What took you so long?" Jenna asked me as she leaned seductively against the wall by the sink.  "I was beginning to think you'd never get here."
	"Jenna?! How'd you get in here?"
	She pulled out a key-chain and shook her keys at me.  "Since I'm a regular here I've got my own key." She explained.  "You'd better shut and lock the door.  We don't want any interruptions."
	I followed her instructions and when I turned back to her I found a hot, sweet smelling woman in my arms.  We didn't say anything as we kissed, sharing the aftertastes of our separate lunches as our tongues thrust longingly into each other's mouths.  After coming up for air she smiled at me, reached down and undid the button and fly of my pants and dropped to her knees before me.  Grabbing the sides of my pants she pulled them and my underwear down to my feet.  I didn't step out of them, just in case I needed to get them back on in a hurry.
	My cock had begun to grow as soon as I found her in here waiting for me, and as soon as her small hand touched it it jumped right up at her.  She let out a sweet little laugh as it shot up to her face, then kissed the sensitive head before licking it with a long, skilled tongue.  Leaning back against the locked door for support I just watched her head bob up and down, hair flying around her head, as she enthusiastically tried to swallow me.  Except for a few well phrased flirtatious innuendoes we hadn't really talked about sex, but from the way she was blowing me she was certainly not inexperienced.  
	When I felt myself ready to explode I reached down and took her head in my hands to pull her off but she would have none of that.  Instead she swallowed me even deeper into her throat, her cheek muscles going into overdrive as she sucked on me even harder.  
	Letting out a moan I said her name, "Jenna!" before filling her throat with cum.  She quickly swallowed the first spurt then let the rest gather in her mouth.  As the final shot came out she milked my balls for an extra few drops and pulled her head back, her lips still tight around me as she sucked me dry.  Standing up she smiled at me, showing a mouth full of white, before swallowing it all in a single gulp.  
	"That was great." I informed her.  "I really needed that."
	"Thanks." She said to me, still with that pleased smile on her beautiful sun-freckled face.  "I needed dessert anyway, and cheesecake is just too fattening."
	I kissed her hurriedly, my cock poking her in the stomach.  "I could use dessert myself." I said as I reached down and tried to undo her pants.
	"Uh,uh." She said, lightly slapping my hands away.  "I'm afraid we don't have the time to do that Anyway didn't you come in here for a reason."
	I was a bit disappointed but she was right.  My bladder still felt like it was about to burst.  I felt a bit awkward taking a leak with her right there but needed to got to bad to wait.  Still I had to wait a bit for my cock to come down enough to use the toilet.  Taking a leak with a hard cock can be a bit difficult and even more messy.  
	While I emptied my bladder Jenna filled a paper cup with water and drank it down, clearing out her mouth.  Then pulling a small bottle from her purse, mouthwash I later learned, she drank a gulp then shook it around before spitting it into the sink.  Another girl-scout I decided.  Just like Michelle she was always prepared for everything.
	"Penis breathe isn't good with the tourists." She joked.
	Before leaving, I took her into my arms again for a peppermint flavored kiss and a promise that she'd let me have my own dessert later tonight.  That night I got a different kind of tour.  Jenna really must have been in the mood as she took me to one strip club after another until all that bare female flesh became a blur.  
	Watching was enjoyable, but I really wanted to more than watch so we headed back to the hotel and my room, where I finally got my just desserts.  I don't know if it was the anticipation of this moment or the excitement of watching all those naked beauties surrounded by horny admirers but she was positively drenched.  I'm sure if I had wrung out her panties I would have got enough liquid to quench my thirst but I preferred the more direct approach.  
	Lying on my bed, naked from her navel down she spread her thighs and looked longingly at me for relief.  Relief we both dearly needed.  Leaning over her I took a long deep breath, enjoying the fresh aroma of aroused pussy.  I teased her at first, just kissing and nibbling at the soft pink skin surrounding my goal, occasionally flicking my tongue out to stroke her more sensitive folds.  The sounds she was making were a mixture of frustration and ecstasy as I continued my patient onslaught of her charms.
	"Simon?!" she pleaded, her voice trembling as I gave her clit a flick of my tongue.
	Looking up at her flushed face I smiled at her, then dived in.  I must have took her by surprise because as soon as my face touched her wet cunt her hips started  to shake and she let out a high piercing scream,...  as well as a mouthful of cream.  I didn't stop as she humped beneath me but had to grab hold of her hips to keep my mouth glued to her opening.  Licking and sucking, she kept bucking though a long series of short climaxes, her cunt pulsing over and over under my tongue.
	"Please!!" she begged again with a whimper.  "I can't take any more." 
	I ignored that first plea until I brought her off again, but when she repeated it, her quick pants of breath sounding ragged, I relented and slowly took her down.
	Reaching up under her sweater I cupped her bra clad breasts in my hands and massaged them, enjoying the soft firmness as well as the hard bumps of her nipples trying to poke their way through the silk of her bra.  Slipping my hands under the wire I again cupped them, the bra holding my palms tight to her hot bare flesh.  I kept them there as I slid my way up her body until we were face to face.  She still looked a bit dazed from her orgasms, her eyes didn't seem to focus to well on me, but she responded quickly as I kissed her, thrusting my girl-cum covered tongue inside her mouth as my hands worked her breasts.
	"Hmmmm." She gave a satisfied purr as I pulled my tongue out of her mouth.  "Feels like you're ready for the main event." 	
	Reaching down she rubbed my swollen penis through my pants.  "This little guy feels like he wants a proper introduction to my little girl."
	I couldn't argue with that.  It was a bit of an awkward struggle, my hands were still held tightly to her breasts by her bra, something neither of us seemed to want to change, but she managed to undo my pants and work them and my underwear down my legs until I could kick them onto the floor.  We were both naked now from the waste down but still had our respective shirts on.  
	Rolling over so she could get on top she reached for my cock and aimed it at her moist nether lips, than giving me a grin, impaled herself down on it with a relieved sigh.  "God that's good.  It's been too long since I had anything living in there."
	I gave her breasts a squeeze of pleased agreement as her hips began to rock, but that last comment got me curious.  "Living?"
	That got her laughing, which almost made me lose my hold on her chest.  "You can come over to my place tomorrow night and I'll introduce you to my boys.  They're all a bit plastic but they're a nice bunch of guys."
	I quickly agreed to the invitation, not just to see her 'boys', but for the chance for another night with her.
	Then we got down to some serious fucking.  It must have been quite a while since her last good banging.  I spent a good three hours buried inside that hot hole of hers, with a few minutes break after each time I filled her up, before we collapsed naked in the bed together.  We finally did remove our shirts and her bra, it was just too hard to stay that way and get into some of the positions that we ended up trying.  We got another good laugh though from the hand shaped impressions on her breasts that took twenty minutes to finally fade away.
	The next morning we did it once more in the shower.  First I ate her into another orgasm under the hot spray then she reciprocated taking me just to the brink before I pushed into her from behind and filled her deep hole once more with my sperm.
	The tour-trip that day was a bit different.  I actually managed to get a look at the sights a bit.  It was so much easier to concentrate on my surroundings other than Jenna now that I new that we'd be getting together later that evening.  Not that I ignored her.  We still flirted constantly when she wasn't talking to the rest of the group.  It was just much more relaxed now that we'd passed the big peak that was sex.
	I took her out to dinner before we headed over to her place, I thought we'd need the energy if we were going to repeat our performance from last night.  I was a bit surprised when she brought me to her house,  I'd expected a small apartment.  The tips she got were pretty good but not enough for a place like this.  It wasn't huge but it was way to big for one person.  
	That should have been my first hint but I was too intoxicated by her to really notice.	
	The first thing she did was pull me into the bedroom and introduce me to her 'boys'.  I'd seen a bit of Lisa and Lenore's collection so knew what to expect but Jenna's really blew me away.  She had dildos and vibrators of every size, shape and color.  Some were so lifelike that that I wondered if she'd had a taxidermist stuff the real thing, other's looked like something out of a bad sci-fi movie.
	"Want to see them in action?" she asked me with a knowing grin.  Knowing because I doubt that any heterosexual guy would say no to watching this beauty play with herself.
	She quickly stripped and hopped onto the bed, a toy in each hand.  The smaller of the two was a metallic silver vibrator which she quickly turned on and began to rub over her body.  Pushing it into her nipple she let out a groan of pleasure as the vibration coursed through them, then she traced a line down her stomach to the neat patch of brown curls below her navel.  She didn't plunge it inside her as I thought she would but gently rubbed it against the surface of her cunt and the swollen nub of her clit.
	When she was worked up enough she discarded the still trembling tool and brought her other hand down to her swollen lips.  In this one she had a very lifelike 10 inch dildo covered in  swollen veins.  Pushing it's thick head inside she swirled it around, loosening herself up a bit before working more of it inside.  Once fully in, she almost took it all the way back out before she plunged it back inside.  Her first few plunges were jerky and awkward but she soon got into a rhythm, which speeded up the longer she kept at it, until finally she stopped with a exhausted sob.  
	Pulling out the dildo she looked at it before tossing it on the floor by the bed.  "I think I've worn this one out.  Think you could get me another?"
	Personally I doubted she'd damaged it.  I thought she just wanted me to join in on the action, and I wasn't about to say no to that.  The 'boys' were neatly arranged on her dressing table, almost as if they were on display in a museum.  I imagined that she done that purposefully earlier for my benefit.  The thought that she'd always kept them like that was a bit too extreme for my tastes.  I looked  over the assortment amazed at the variation in size color, and texture when one of them caught my eye.  It was a bit different than the rest.  Instead of one long rod it had two prongs like a fork.  One was about the same length and thickness of my own penis while the other was short and stubby, about the same size as my thumb.
	"Oh, good choice." Jenna told me as I picked it up.  Rolling over she got and her hands and knees, waving her pert ass at me.  "Hurry and stuff it inside before I cool off."
	Looking at the toy I sat on the edge of the bed, unsure exactly what to do.  Sure the large prong was simple.  I knew where to put that, but the other prong had me stumped.
	"Hurry!" Jenna begged, shaking her ass at me again.  "Put it in my cunt and ass."
	That threw me a bit.  I loved the nice round peach shape of a girls ass.  I loved it's feel and warmth.  But I'd never had urge to stuff anything up that particular hole.  Sure I'd read about it, and even seen a few movies where it was done, but I'd never yet tired of the other hole or found the need for an extra .
	"Hurry." Jenna pleaded again.
	Not wanting to disappoint her I gently worked the large prong into her dripping cunt.  It was about half way in before the short prong reached flesh of its own.  I had to rotate it to get it aimed correctly, which Jenna seemed to enjoy, then timidly pushed the tip into the puckered hole of her ass.
	"All the way in." Jenna ordered me.  "Just push it all the way in."
	More gently than I think she wanted I work the thing in until both prongs were as deep as they could go.  Then slowly I pulled it out and plunged it back in.  Taking my cue from both Jenna's recent show and her noises of pleasure I started slow but quickly got worked up to a nice even pounding rhythm.
	"Ooooo, yes.  Yes!" Jenna yelled as I watched the fork go in and out of her.
	That was getting a bit too much for me.  With one hand I held the fork, jabbing it back and forth, while my other hand did it's best to undress me.  I had to switch hands a few times, which caused both the direction and motion of the fork to change, and caused a lot of pleased groans from Jenna, but eventually I got everything off but my socks.  It would have taken me only another few seconds to get them off too, but I didn't feel like I had the time.  I wanted Jenna too much right then to waste even those few seconds.
	With a loud pop I pulled the double-headed dildo out and immediately shoved my own cock inside that lovely hole of hers.  The usual, warm damp hole that is, not the slightly swollen puckered one winking at me from right above it.  It was definitely interesting playing with her ass but I still had no real urges to stuff my cock inside of it.
	Jenna looked over her shoulder at me, a glazed look in her eyes and a satisfied smile on her face when she finally noticed the switch, but didn't seem to mind at all.  On my knees I pounded away at her, her ass cheeks shaking a bit as I hit them.  Leaning slightly over her I ran my hands up her back, feeling her tremble at the light touch, and then down the sides of her ribs an the curves of her hanging breasts.  
	"Fuck!" the loud hoarse voiced yelled from the open doorway to the bedroom.  "Jenna! What the hell are you doing?"
	Both Jenna and I froze, my cock buried deep inside of her as we both looked at the uninvited visitor.
	"Oh damn!" Jenna told me, her cunt muscles suddenly clamping down on my cock.  "It's my husband."
	I'm afraid I just sat there on my knees for a few seconds registering that before I finally managed to extricate myself from Jenna's vice-like grip and hop off the bed.  It was between me and the man at the door, but still that didn't make the situation feel any better.  The fact that my cock was still rock hard and didn't seem to want to go down didn't help any either.                 
	Jenna's husband took three steps into the bedroom, halfway between the bed and the doorway.  His face glowed red with tension, his hands opening and closing tightly into fists.  "Bitch!" he screamed at his wife.  "Charlie told me he'd seen you at Toto's with some guy he didn't know, but I told him he was wrong.  You wouldn't do that."
	Toto's was the first one of the strip clubs we'd hit last night when Jenna gave me the grand tour of the city's night spot's.
	Starting to turn red herself Jenna got off her hands and knees, facing her husband.  "And what about you, you bastard.  I know all about that bitch you've got in Alice Springs."
	"I..." her husband began to first deny it but just ended up sputtering incoherently..
	"If you can bang any girl you want then so can I." She yelled back at him.  "And Simon's better than you ever were."
	That did it.  Her husband, I still didn't know his name, turned his attention from her to me.
	He took two more steps toward me, his arms raising, his fists aimed at me.
	I let out a defeated sigh.  Before that remark I thought maybe I might be able to talk my way out of this, but it didn't look like that was going to happen.  
	When he was a step away he pulled back an arm and gave a loud growl of a cry before swinging at me.  He was a big man, at least six inches above my own six feet, and at least a hundred pounds heavier.  Not all of the extra weight was muscle but the extra mass put a lot of energy behind that fist coming at me.
	What happened next was inevitable.
	Less than ten seconds later he was on the floor gushing blood onto the carpet while clutching at himself.  I tried  to make sure that I didn't do anything serious or permanent to him but when somebody that much larger attacks you, you don't always have a choice.  He wouldn't be much use to Jenna for a few days, but she always had the "boys" for backup.
	"Trent!" Jenna screamed with a mixture of confusion and panic.
	So Trent was his name.  It was always good to be able to place a name with a bloody face.
	While a terrified Jenna watched me, I gathered my hurriedly discarded clothes and got dressed then left without even saying good-bye to her.
	The whole thing still felt a bit unreal to me.
	 Jenna had not given me any sign that she was married.  She wasn't wearing a ring.  Not that if I'd known she was married I wouldn't have fucked her.  I just would have wanted to know more about her situation before moving forward with anything physical.  I might even had agreed to be used if I'd known that she felt like getting back at her unfaithful husband.  What I didn't like was getting set up.
	She'd purposefully taken me around town, showing me off to her husband's friends.  I don't know where he was but she must have known that one of them would let him know about me.  She'd wanted to get caught having an affair and I was just another one of her "boys" to be used and tossed away when I got worn out.
	It was the first time I'd ever felt like hitting a woman outside of a Karate class.
	The next day I packed my things and left the hotel, rented a motorcycle, stuffed all the luggage that couldn't fit onto it into a locker until I got back and spent the remainder of my trip just driving over the Australian countryside.         
           	Aussie girl's still hold a special place in my heart, or more precisely my pants, but I'd decided to be more careful in the future.  I'd only known Jenna for a day before we started at each other.  That wasn't enough time to get to know a pair of shoes, let along a woman I was sticking parts of my body into.  I wouldn't make that mistake again.

TheRant      