"Mikael?"

"Yes, Sandalphon-sama?"

"Tea?"

Mikael looked up from the textbook and smiled honestly at his mentor.
"Yes, thank you."

Muted robes swished as the angel moved away. From the kitchen came the sound
of clinking glasses, and that was muted too. Everything was muted in
Sandalphon's abode.

All muted and soft.

Mikael still wasn't sure what had made Sandalphon desire the quiet so much.
But the angel just came across as one of those pillars of calm, and either the
quiet caused that, or that had caused the quiet. Sandalphon let his silver hair
fall straight down his back, wore soft and dark robes in a world where robes
simply weren't worn much any more, talked in a quiet, calming voice. His hands
could weave a spell through the air as he talked, though, and he seemed to know everything.

Or. Almost everything.

He smiled brightly as Sandalphon set the tea down beside him. As the angel
headed into the living room, away from Mikael's room, Mikael's smile faded into
a determined expression.

There were some things Sandalphon didn't know. COULDN'T know.

Quickly, silently, he slipped his textbook away so that it stopped covering
the Angel School Student Handbook.

If Sandalphon knew everything, they wouldn't need a School, would they?

"More, Mikael?"

Mikael shook his head, smiling politely at his equally-polite tutor. "No
thank you, Sandalphon-sama. I'm very full."

Nodding, eyes hooded, Sandalphon cleared the table. "Tea?"

"Yes, please."

Tea was, as always, served. "How did your studies go today,
Mikael?" Sandalphon asked. There was something intense about his voice, and
Mikael hesitated a moment before answering.

"They went very well, Sandalphon-sama. I was reading the chapter on
mental hypnotism. I can't particularly understand how I could do such a
thing, but it makes sense in context."

Sandalphon nodded. "Anything else?"

"I might need some practice in it if I'm to protect Noelle."
Mikael's lips twisted a little even as he said it. Protect Noelle, protect
Noelle, protect Noelle. It's all he remembered hearing since he was old enough
to talk. He didn't even know who Noelle was, just that everyone said it
was important to protect her. It would probably have something to do with his
final exam, though who knew what that would be about, either?

But. It was clearly his job to learn how to protect this girl, and so he
would. Mostly.

Fingers stroked through silver hair and Sandalphon looked tired as he nodded.
"Yes. Soon, I'll teach it to you."

"Aa."

Silence fell, and Mikael had the burning urge to raise the subject. He
glanced up at Sandalphon and saw the angel turn away.

The chance was missed.

Two days passed before Mikael worked up the courage to try. They were sitting
in the main room, in the dark, by the flickering firelight, and Sandalphon was,
as agreed, teaching him the practical uses of hypnosis.

"It's not in the hands," Sandalphon said. "That's just a
focus. It's in the voice. Properly, used, your voice can touch parts of the mind
that the receiver of the technique doesn't even know is--"

"Sandalphon-sama."

It took Mikael a moment of silence after that, a moment of looking into the
metallic-gold eyes, before he realized that he'd interrupted Sandalphon. Heat
swept into his cheeks. "I'm sorry, Sandalphon-sama! I didn't mean
to--"

Sandalphon raised a hand, smiled a little. "It's all right, Mikael.
Clearly, you have something on your mind."

He nodded, tried to find an appropriate way to say it, and then gave up and
blurted, "I want to attend the school."

Sandalphon's lips turned slowly downward. "Mikael. Trust me a little.
The school would not be a good place for someone as special as you."

Special, special. They always TOLD him that. They never explained, not
really, anyway. Just that he was special, and he'd understand some day.

"But Sandalphon-sama! There are so many more teachers, I'd HAVE to learn
more! I'm almost at my examination period, and I know NOTHING. I mean," he
hastily amended, "You've taught me so much, but there MUST be a limit.
Other teachers know other things. I just... I just want..."

Sandalphon sighed, heavily. "I see. I'll have to think about it. Go to
bed, Mikael."

It wasn't fair. He never was able to choose ANYTHING. "But
Sandalphon-sama--"

"My fingers, Mikael." He held them up, and it was so incongruous
that Mikael couldn't help but look, blinking. "One," Sandalphon said
softly. "Two. Three."

Sleep.

It had been like betrayal, and Mikael didn't want to look at Sandalphon
during breakfast. He managed to get through buttered bread without saying
anything, until Sandalphon asked,

"Tea, Mikael?"

And Mikael, unable to stop himself, answered with his automatic, "Yes,
please, Sandalphon-sama," then kicked himself mentally. I am SO stupid.

Sandalphon couldn't seem to hide a smile completely. "Please." He
poured Mikael some tea. "You'll be starting school tomorrow," he said.

"I've already arranged things with your mentor. I'm sure you'll be
introduced to him tomorrow. You only have two classes, though. Just as well,
considering your background -- they're very good teachers."

Mikael stared, shocked. "You... I... Sandalphon-sama, I didn't... thank
you, I..." the world was spinning, practically spinning. He'd expected to
fight the whole way and woke up to find that everything was decided for him.
"I..."

"Please, Mikael," Sandalphon said with a note of amusement.
"Your tea is getting cold."

Inhale. Exhale. Inhale.

Exhale.

"Keep going, Mikael," Mikael muttered to himself, bright smile
fixed on his face. "You can do this. Look, it's easy."

Inhale. Exhale.

It was the noise, really. The noise was everywhere, some kind of living
entity in its own way. There was no place he could go where it was completely
silent. No matter where he was, there was always the sound of people talking.
Distantly or overwhelmingly.

Usually the later.

And then, there was--

He stumbled as a taller boy shouldered past him with a called, "Excuse
me!" And all of a sudden, the awareness rose over him again. That he was
drowning in people, all brushing against him, touching him -- bodies,
personalities, souls impinging on him, on his space, on--

He couldn't think, he couldn't breathe, he--

The coolness of the wall he'd pushed against helped to centre him, and he
closed his eyes.

Mikael shut the world out.

As best he could, anyway.

He concentrated on his breathing, on his mental shielding, on walls in
general. On anything but--

"Hey. You okay?"

Mikael opened his eyes to see the worried face of a student he knew had been
in that morning's class with Cassiel-sama. But, for the life of him, he couldn't
remember the boy's name. Feeling vaguely like a rabbit in the headlights, Mikael
just stared, not knowing what to say.

"Shit, uh, do you want me to get--"

Quickly, he remembered his manners and forced himself to stand taller, to
smile politely. "I'm fine. Thank you very much."

Straight-backed, head up, Mikael continued down the hall, lips moving
silently.

You can do this, Mikael. Keep going, Mikael. Stay strong.

Inhale. Exhale.

"Would Mikael care to report to the Professor's office? That's
Mi-ka-e-l, Mikael."

Mikael's head jerked up. The Professor's office?! What had he done? He didn't
think he'd done anything differently from any of the other students -- but what
did he know of student protocol? He HAD memorized the entire student handbook,
but who knew how outdated it might be?

He swallowed, hard, and concentrated on stopping his knees from turning to
mush as he walked.

And, of course, he got lost and ended up having to grab a passing student to
ask for directions.

Finally outside the office door, Mikael closed his eyes, took a deep breath,
and put on his Polite-And-Suave-Student Persona.

Then pushed the door open.

There was a tall, well-built angel balanced precariously on a swiveling
office chair, one foot on that, the other planted on the Professor's desk in a
clearly vain attempt to keep himself steady. His single wing was thrashing to
allow him to stay upright while he stretched up, reaching for a book on the top
shelf that his fingertips were just barely brushing.

More uncertain now, Mikael clung to his Persona with the strength of a
drowning sailor. He let the door click shut behind him. "Ano..."

The angel's head whipped around. "Ah, you must be--"

Unfortunately, whoever Mikael must be was cut off as the chair chose that
moment to roll away. A quick shout, books flew, and Mikael squeezed his eyes
shut, not daring to watch the inevitable.

He opened them again when he felt a hand pluck one of the fallen books off
his head. And then his eyes opened much WIDER, because what was directly in his
line of sight was a broad expanse of sleekly muscled chest. Mikael blinked
rapidly then shot his gaze up, knowing, just KNOWING that the heat in his cheeks
was visibly glowing. It was very hard to tear his eyes away from that chest.

"You okay?" the angel asked cheerfully, dusky lips stretched wide,
amethyst eyes smiling down. "That was a bit of a mess, but that's just the
way things are around here at times." He tossed his head, ruffling bed-head
further. "So, what can I do for you?"

That brought back both Mikael's Persona and his terror. Polite, calm smile
firmly in place, he murmured, "My name's Mikael. I was called to meet the
Professor."

"Aaaaaaah." The angel took a few steps back and slid to half-sit on
the edge of the Professor's desk. Mikael realized that the older man actually
DID have a shirt -- or rather, jacket -- but it really didn't count because it
was completely open, baring his chest from shoulders to just below his navel
where loose pants were barely held up by a double belt.

It was an impressive chest, Mikael thought inanely. Not overdone but gentle
while strong and -- and the angel was talking. "Um, I beg your
pardon?" Mikael said quickly, voice jumping half an octave.

The angel rolled his eyes and Mikael shrunk back -- first day away from
Sandalphon and he was ALREADY messing things up -- "So you're Mikael."
But the voice didn't sound irritated -- rather, amused, a smokey, husky tone.
"I'm the Professor, actually."

Mikael blinked. "Um. Excuse me?" He snuck another look and
continued to see just a rumpled, partially naked, undignified one-winged angel.

"I'm the Professor. But please, call me Raphael, since we're going to
know each other so well."

The Persona fell away entirely. "What? I--" His mind was whirling.
It wasn't making any sense. It wasn't making--

"Aa. I'm your mentor. Didn't Sandalphon even tell you-- oh. Ah. Have a
seat, Mikael."

Since Mikael's knees threatened not to hold him, he nodded. "I, uh, yes.
I think I will." He sat, quickly, staring fixedly at his own hands.

This wasn't the Professor. This COULDN'T be the Professor. The Professor
would be smartly dressed, mature, quiet -- but. Why would Raphael-sama feel the
need to lie? And the name was familiar... oh.

"You." Mikael's head rose, jerkily. "You wrote the Student
Handbook."

"I did, didn't I?" Raphael mused. "That was a while ago."

"I, uh. Oh." Mikael KNEW his face was burning. AGAIN.

Raphael was close again, hand out. "Well. It's been a pleasure to make
your acquaintance, Mikael, whether or not you'd known I'd be your mentor."

Slowly, even then thinking there must be something wrong, Mikael
reached out and clasped Raphael's hand.

Found it warm and solid around his.

"Pleased to meet you," he said, meeting amethyst eyes, wondering
why Raphael was holding his hand so long, so hot --

And then Raphael smiled and, unable to stop himself from smiling back, Mikael
felt the bottom of his world begin to drop out from under him.

Mikael came to in a darkened room that he had difficulty recognizing as the
Professor's Office, as it had apparently been cleaned while he had--

I passed out, he realized, horribly embarrassed. He started to sit up,
seeing visions of running away before anyone saw him there.

"Ah, ah, don't sit up too fast," Raphael's husky tenor admonished
from nearby.

Mikael took the wet washcloth off his forehead and just BLUSHED. "I'm
sorry to be a nuisance," he murmured. "I-- fainted, didn't I?" He
wasn't sure of the tone of his voice even as he said it.

"Aa," Raphael said warmly. "But just look at your day. I think
you had good reason to. Now, can you stand? Ari'll have my head if I keep you
out past curfew."

Mikael nodded, rose slowly. "I feel fine now." It was so...
"I'm sorry, Raphael-sama." Something he would probably NEVER live
down, he knew...

"You don't need to be sorry," Raphael said softly, so softly Mikael
almost didn't hear it properly. "I'll see you tomorrow, na?" There was
an undertone, some kind of desire. To actually see him.

Eyes widened, and then Mikael nodded. "Yes," he said, and smiled
just a little.

Mikael found he really, really enjoyed Cassiel's classes. The angel wasn't
one of those teachers who won you over with smiles and good humour -- not like
Raphael-sama, at all. No, he was soft-spoken, almost timid-seeming, distracted,
often looking as if he'd break into tears at any given moment.

And he knew history.

Particularly British history, though he seemed to know a bit of everything.
It was... terribly exciting.

And, of course, there was the fact that he talked so quietly that everyone
had to be dead silent for him to be heard. That was a nice little benefit.

Mikael took reams of notes, those first few weeks in the school.

"And," Cassiel murmured, his soft whisper barely reaching the back
of the room, "we have to remember that when the Romans first arrived, there
was nobody to be friendly with them. The Celtic tribes of the region
already had gods and goddesses that suited their needs, and had an entirely
different style of trade than the Romans had worked out. Of course, the Romans
had a more powerful military, and had spent centuries working out a method of
organized fighting--"

His pen just flew across the page. Just flew.

It had only been four days before Raphael had begun to teach Mikael the
guitar. It was... nice. Mikael really didn't have any words for it. With
Sandalphon, his piano lessons had always been mandatory, part of understanding
the classics. Here, Raphael was teaching him music for the sake of playing
music. For, Mikael suspected, the sake of having something to do together.

He'd been shocked, the first time Raphael had put his arms around him to
correct his student's fingerings. Had been shocked when he'd been nestled back
into Raphael's chest, into the warmth that fairly oozed off of the Professor.
Had been shocked by the inappropriateness of it, of a teacher actually touching
a student in a way that wasn't casual. Had been shocked by the fact that Raphael
hadn't seemed to know how inappropriate it was. Had been shocked by liking it so
much, liking being held so much.

"I want to be friends with you, Mikael."

So inappropriate, so inappropriate.

Mikael's face was warm, his chest was warm. He was so, so warm.

Three weeks had passed. Mikael kept his eyes on the board as Raphael finished
chalking in a floor plan of the Sistine Chapel then turned, dusting his hands
off. "Now class, who can name the woman the Shining Genji first married in
Murasaki Shikibu's 'Tale of Genji'?"

As usual, the question seemed to have absolutely nothing to do with the
lesson on the board, but at least Mikael knew the answer. His hand shot up.

"Yes, Mikael?"

"She was never named in the actual text but was known by the moniker
Aoi, for the flower. It is she that the 'Heartvine' chapter is named
after."

Raphael beamed at him, lavender eyes approving and warm. "Very good,
Mikael."

"You get a gold star," someone muttered mockingly while someone
else made kissing noises. "Teacher's pet."

Mikael stared at his hands, trying to fight a blush down, knowing how his
complexion showed it. All of a sudden, he could feel the weight of eyes on him,
knew that everyone was staring at him, thinking about him. And not in a nice way
-- he could feel that, too. Practically HEAR their Raphael-sama mentors him.
Of course he gets special treatment. He doesn't deserve it. He doesn't deserve--

"Alexandrian, isn't it?" Raphael called, and a boy shot to his
feet. "Ah, good. Since you seem to have quite the mouth on you today,
perhaps you wouldn't mind singing the Spanish national anthem for the class?
Backward?"

Stumbling, clearly knowing better than to argue, Alexandrian sang some
butchery that had the class in stitches. Red-faced and fuming, the boy returned
to his seat and Raphael turned and smiled.

"Now, that reminds me. Can anyone name the three most famous perverted
emperors of Rome? You'll be writing a paper on the evolution of the Roman Empire
for Monday."

Mikael stared at his desk.

He knew the answer. He MORE than knew it, and staring at his fists wasn't
getting the right answers out.

And he could feel Alexandrian staring at him, hating him. If he didn't answer
it, then--

But he knew the answer. It wasn't fair, he knew the answer.

No, he wouldn't let his mark be dependant on anyone but himself, for any
reason.

Face fierce, he put his hand up again.

It came back to haunt him the next day as he was walking to Raphael's for
guitar practice. He didn't even see Alexandrian before he was grabbed and shoved
up against a tree.

Rough bark pushing into his back, other boy's fists bunched in his shirt,
Mikael forced himself to breathe shallowly, felt for a centre of calm -- You're
doing fine, Mikael -- and said, one eyebrow raised inquisitively, "Can
I help you?"

"Always so polite, so perfect, huh, Mikael?" Alexandrian was
trembling with barely restrained fury. "What the hell are you doing in one
of Raphael-sama's classes? He's your fucking mentor -- just ask him at home and
don't make the REST of us look at you."

Inhale. Exhale. Mikael didn't allow the anger to rise, didn't allow his face
to change. "I'm a student," he explained, in the most polite terms he
could find. "So I attend classes."

"We KNOW what you're up to," Alexandrian spat. "And I just
wanted to tell you that we're not going to put up with you showing us up
anymore."

Mikael smiled tightly. "Then study."

And it hurt as Alexandrian's fist encountered his cheek -- even though it was
clear the other boy had pulled his punch at the last moment, it still hurt. From
his jaw, up his head, back into his neck.

"Next time," Alexandrian said, "I--"

Mikael whipped his head around and, for once, ignored that spot of calm.
"Watch my fingers," he said, and put out his hand as Sandalphon had
taught him. "One, two, three."

The taller boy folded, unconscious, and Mikael just stared at him for a
moment, uncertain of what to feel.

Inhale. Exhale.

THERE was the calm. You did well, Mikael. Keep it up.

And he turned and kept walking.

Raphael's eyes widened and sharpened when he opened the door and Mikael kept
his own face calm, trying not to respond to the near-comedic panic on his
mentor's face.

"Mikael!" Raphael stepped forward, raising a hand to touch Mikael's
cheek. Callused fingers brushed over the bruising skin, a sudden shock of pain
that sent shivers down his spine. Shivers that changed quickly into something
else as Raphael's thumb drifted lower, resting on his chin, rubbing lightly over
Mikael's lower lip.

It was like a snake curling in his lower belly, like a tightening of his
throat down through his heart and navel to his groin. The pounding of his
heartbeat and the rushing of his blood were loud, were, for a minute, the only
things he could hear as the dizzying tingling rush ran the gamut of his body.
And it was also like comfort, so much like comfort that he felt tears welling up
and, for a moment, feared he'd cry, unable to stop the trembling of his bottom
lip against Raphael's thumb.

Unable to stop the ragged breaths panting out between his lips, they ghosted
over Raphael's skin.

But of course, it couldn't be comfort, because all Raphael-sama should have
for him was a sense of duty to him, as Sandalphon-sama had.

A deep breath, Raphael's eyes large and hurt. "Oh, Mikael. What happened
to you?"

"An accident with a tree," Mikael murmured, searching for that calm
again, finding it elusive. Always elusive where Raphael-sama was concerned, it
seemed.

Raphael obviously wasn't having any of the excuse. "A tree in the shape
of a fist? Mikael, if anyone's hurting you, you have to come to me--"

But that was EXACTLY the problem! Mikael wanted to shout. He could
come to Raphael, could ALWAYS come to Raphael. And that was exactly the problem,
in the other students' eyes. "I'm fine, Raphael-sama."

The angel's eyes hardened. "Mikael..."

Mikael's chin rose automatically and he felt the anger swell, so rare for it
to do so again so soon. He pushed it down but knew his own eyes are at least as
hard as Raphael's, that his lips were as tight. "I can take care of myself,
Raphael-sama. Are we going to play?"

Raphael stared at him a moment longer, seeming distracted, then nodded
shortly. "Yes. Yes, come in, Mikael. And if this ever happens again, tell
me. You can't become an angel through lies."

That stung, suddenly and unexpectedly, and Mikael bowed his head. "Yes,
Raphael-sama."

That evening, playing the guitar, Mikael found himself watching Raphael
through his bangs. There was a look on the angel's face as he sat, amethyst eyes
closed, just listening, that Mikael was hard placed to identify.

Wistfulness.

Longing.

Perhaps even-- Mikael stopped himself, stumbling over a fingering and
frowning at that. No, no, impossible, utterly impossible. Besides, what did he
know of--

of--

Want?

No, he knew nothing. He knew nothing but the instrument under his fingers,
but Raphael's sharp gaze on him from across the room.

When had the Professor stopped holding him while they played? Why?

And... when had it stopped being inappropriate for it to happen?

Alexandrian didn't bother him again, physically. The names, though, the names
kept coming at him, often so quietly he couldn't make out who'd called him what.

It didn't matter.

Since when had words had power?

The bread had been something Ardouisur had thought of, smiling and handing it
to him on his way out of the door. Mikael had smiled back, brilliantly... he
loved Ardouisur, simply loved her. She was so thoughtful and kind and.

Acted like he'd heard a mother acted.

It didn't matter, that much. More importantly, he respected her.

"Take this with you," Ardouisur had said. "It's never a good
date if you don't bring something to it too. THAT much, I can tell you about
Raphael."

"Date?" he asked the door she'd just closed. "Eh?"

It took him a moment after that to realize that she hadn't meant an era type
of date. Another moment for the flush to hit him, madly. "We're NOT!"
he shouted at the closed door, and thought he heard laughter in response.

"We're not," he said again, more quietly, face in full flush. That
was. It was.

The other students talked about their dates, sometimes even in class. In the
hallway, all the time. About kisses and touching and first, second, third base.
About the burning weight of desire.

And of them, Mikael only knew the last...

No. Of course. Raphael-sama was his TEACHER. They would never, ever date.

That in mind, he headed off to Raphael's house with only a faint tinge of his
blush left.

Raphael answered the door with a smile and a cheerful, "Evening."

Mikael smiled shyly back, feeling it hit him again, as always,
and murmured something about Ardouisur and lasagna. Raphael-sama looked,
so...so...

He followed Raphael inside and was met with the question, "So, how do
you like Cassiel's class?"

THAT he didn't need encouragement to talk about! They'd been studying
Hadrian's Wall, and it was all TERRIBLY interesting. He began to explain the
history -- despite the fact that Raphael PROBABLY knew it already -- and then
Cassiel's theories about it.. and stopped, realizing that Raphael was staring at
him, smiling and nodding.

"I'm sorry," he said, trying to push the hurt down. "I must be
boring you..." and he wanted to believe it, wanted to believe that's what
it was, but Raphael's amethyst eyes were sweet on his, and...

"Not at all," Raphael said, smiling.

Raphael seemed to be waiting for something, throughout dinner, and Mikael
wasn't too surprised when Raphael practically leapt up after dinner, and said,
"Follow me!"

Mikael did, but stopped when they entered the living room. The lights were
off and everything was bathed in golden light. Soft and sensual. Mikael thought
again of candlelit dinners and blushed. Quickly, before Raphael could notice the
blush, he headed to his usual spot in the window seat. "Um," he
murmured. "Raphael...sama?"

"Yeah?" Raphael asked, retrieving his guitar.

He had to ask, had to know, the question was pushing through his throat --
"Why the candles?"

Raphael seemed to hesitate for a moment, long enough for Mikael to almost,
nearly, grow alarmed. Then he smiled. "You need to learn to play by touch
as well as by sight. Dim lighting will help you learn to play not by eye, but by
ear." He leaned forward, far too close as always, and ran his finger
teasingly over the rim of Mikael's ear.

And oh. OH.

He hadn't expected something as small as that, something as silly as that, to
feel so good, to send a buzzing thrum through his throat and to his groin the
way it did. Unable to speak, unwilling to make any noise, he just shivered,
unsure of his own facial expression, and then hoped Raphael hadn't noticed.

Raphael's hands moved to cover Mikael's, as always, and he was back again,
inexplicably back, Mikael's body nestled against his, as if he'd never stopped.
"Play the chords I taught you last time."

Mikael did so, desperate to focus on something, anything but that body so
tight behind him, anything... noted Raphael's corrections, but didn't really...
this part of the lesson was going on so much longer than usual. The candles were
almost burned down, and they hadn't gone any farther than chords. Mikael
stopped, confused. Raphael began to talk of music theory, things Mikael had
already known from his piano lessons. "Raphael-sama?" he questioned,
not knowing whether or not Raphael had forgotten.

The Professor started, then laughed, his chest thrumming against Mikael's
back. "Where does the time go?" he murmured. All business, it seemed
suddenly, he rose and threw the light switch on. Mikael blinked, wincing as
light flooded the room, starting a mild headache behind his eyes. Careful not to
damage it, he set the guitar to one side.

Raphael had gone still. "Mikael. Let me see your hands."

Uncertain, Mikael held his hands out to Raphael and only then did he notice
that the finger tips were red and blistered.

And once he noticed it, they started to hurt. Not badly, but constantly.
Sharply. Even the air seemed to be touching them bruising. So sensitive.

Wordlessly, Raphael led him to the bathroom, washed Mikael's hands. The water
hurt, but cold water made them feel a little bit better, and then Raphael turned
and returned with salve, applied it, carefully bandaged them, and there was
something intense in his gaze, something as if he was feeling Mikael's pain.
Hurt, and...

Oh, Most Holy! Mikael thought, and breathed. Inhaled. Exhaled. Forced
the panic down. Remembered the touch of Raphael's finger on his ear, remembered
the feel of his body, and a moment later Mikael realized they were staring at
each other.

Afraid, suddenly, of what would happen if Raphael-sama got the first word in,
Mikael hastened to ask the thing foremost in his mind. "If you really want
something, is it worth it?"

Raphael blinked, seemingly shaken out of a revere. "Excuse me?"

Quickly, he changed it so he was talking about the guitar and his fingers.
"If you really want something, is the pain worth it?"

His teacher seemed to think about it, then smiled, smiled in a way that made
Mikael wonder how obvious he'd been, after all. "Sometimes."

Mikael cared about Raphael deeply. He was just starting to be able to admit
that. He thought he might even...

But however much he cared about Raphael, there were times his teacher just
infuriated him.

Actually, most classes.

Like this one. Raphael had convinced the class to sing Allouette. The lyrics
were scrawled across the board in Raphael's stylized handwriting, so they were
barely legible, even assuming most people in the class could speak French. And,
of course, NO explanation whatsoever as to why they were singing this stupid,
stupid song about killing birds.

Of course, he didn't speak up. To challenge the teacher in class... the other
students would become unbearable, simply unbearable. So he waited until after
class, anger building to a finely honed rage.

"Dismissed," Raphael-sama announced cheerfully, and turned his back
on the students as they filed out, wiping the lyrics from the blackboard.

Mikael waited until everyone was gone, and headed to the front of the class,
trying NOT to stalk. "Raphael-sama," he said, voice brittle.

"Aa?" Raphael asked, apparently bemused. Oh, there were times he
just INFURIATED Mikael.

He clenched his teeth, tight, trying not to let his anger show. Forcing the
politeness into shape. "Raphael-sama, may I ask the purpose of today's
lesson?"

Finally, at LAST, Raphael turned. "The purpose of today's lesson,"
he said calmly, "is the same as the purpose of all lessons in this
class."

It was like a boot in the stomach. All the other students, perfectly okay
with everything that was going on. He was the only one who didn't understand.
The only one. Raphael-sama had never helped him with that, either, had just let
him go on his own. As it should be -- only he could help himself. And he wasn't
good enough, apparently, wasn't good enough. He couldn't meet Raphael's eyes,
but knew he had to speak the fatal words. "It doesn't make any sense to me,
Raphael-sama. I apologize for my stupidity."

Raphael reached out and Mikael's head was tilted up with one knuckle, forcing
him to meet his teacher's eyes. Sympathy. Sadness. When he spoke, his voice was
so changed, so soft. "Which is why you're so smart," Raphael-sama
murmured.

Oh, so confusing, so confusing. Not helped at all by the fact that Raphael's
face was inches away from his, breath washing over him. Not helped at all by the
fact that Raphael's body was so nearly touching his that he could feel the buzz
between their bodies. Not helped at all by the fact that his back was to a desk
and he was torn between the cold of the metal and the warmth of Raphael. Just so
confusing. Perfect student, he had to be the model student.

Almost reluctantly, Raphael's hand moved from Mikael's chin to his shoulder.
"If you become an angel, you won't have all the answers. Sometimes you'll
be given assignments you won't understand at all, but your obedience is what
counts, not your comprehension of the meaning behind them. The simplest,
ultimate purpose of an angel is to do the will of Most Holy, not to question it.
So you have to learn to take the nonsensical in stride, and to learn when it's
important to understand and when it's better that you not know at all." His
eyes were begging Mikael to try to understand.

So he mulled it over, turned it this way and that. It was all very good in
theory, but what about practice? What practical use could Allouette have? The
perverted emperors of Rome? The Shining Genji's first wife? Where did it FIT?
Why not something nonsensical that would also be useful? It just didn't make any
sense. But he had to try to MAKE sense of it. "Can you give me an example,
Raphael-sama?"

And Raphael just beamed, sending off a minor warning bell in Mikael's mind.
"Indeed," Raphael said, and swooped forward to brush his lips across
Mikael's cheek.

Heat, buzzing, burning, tingling. All right there, something so simple, so
plain, sending a wave of fire into his belly.

"Now, what was that?" Raphael said.

Mikael wasn't sure how he looked, knew his masks were all displaced. Tried to
calm his breathing, failed. "Nonsensical?" he asked, voice breaking.

Raphael nodded, apparently approving of the answer. Then bright, bright eyes
softened, and he leaned forward, angling his head.

This is it, Mikael thought, equally nonsensically, and closed his eyes
as Raphael's lips touched his.

And he was flying, just flying, had figured out what it must be like for
angels to fly, body alive, whole being thrumming as wetness and heat moved
between their lips. And Raphael was kissing him so deeply, so very deeply that
Mikael couldn't even think of not kissing back, unsure of whether to pull his
teacher closer, just clenching his hands on Raphael's jacket lapels, just in
case.

Slowly, so slowly, breath moving between them, Raphael pulled back.

It took Mikael several swallows, several breaths before he could speak
without being sure his voice would crack. Even then, he spoke nearly subvocally.
"So which was that?"

He had to know. It was so unfair, so infuriating, to want so much and to be
so scared, so unsure.

Raphael's eyes were searching Mikael's face, darting here and there, and it
was somewhat relieving to realize that his teacher was also unsure, also out of
breath. "This one..." Raphael trailed off, started again. "It's
important that you understand. I... care for you a great deal, Mikael. I want
to--" And Raphael was blushing, Raphael-sama was actually blushing

"--But only if you want to, you don't have to..."

Some kind of barrier seemed to snap up in Raphael's eyes, calmness moving
back in. He leaned forward again and brushed his lips over Mikael's in a mimic
of their much more urgent motion, moments earlier.

And it still burned.

"Think about it," Raphael whispered, and picked up his bag, and
left.

Think about it. THINK about it?! Mikael was outraged. How could he do
anything ELSE, now?!

And think about it he did, as time went on and he didn't dare speak up.

He thought about it in Raphael's classes, often not hearing what was being
said, just staring and thinking of that heat.

He thought about it in CASSIEL's classes and some of the students were
starting to look at him oddly.

He thought about it while having dinner with Raphael, who seemed content to
act as if it hadn't happened.

He thought about it while playing cards with Ardouisur-sama, until the angel
had just laughed and sent him off to his own room to study, "Since your
mind is anywhere BUT here."

He thought about it in bed, eyes closed so he couldn't see what he was doing
as one hand hiked his shirt up to toy with a nipple, as one hand touched himself
lightly, then more and more intently, as the scent of lilies floated in through
the open window.

He thought about it on one of those lazy Friday evenings, when he knew his
homework didn't need to be done for a few days. He was over at Raphael's
partially working on a new song, partially just playing on the guitar as Raphael
tapped at his laptop's keys nearby. He thought about it, thought about the
feelings of the lips. Wondered what it would have been like to be more daring as
they kissed, to trail his fingers over Raphael-sama's neck like so, to
let his fingers run over that gorgeous chest...

Out of the blue, Mikael felt himself being kissed, not the gentle, soft brush
of lips like Raphael's last kiss had been, but more like the second, a burning
concoction of tongue and lips and wet heat, leisurely but with the potential to
explode into something more. ~That's odd,~ Mikael thought, eyes closed, barely
stopping the moan from escaping his lips, tasting mandarin oranges, ~because
Raphael-sama is over there...~

His eyes flew open and he stared at the -- smug? Pleased? -- expression on
Raphael's face, his own fingers still on the guitar strings.

It's not a difficult thing, Raphael's voice was in his HEAD, tinged
with amusement. You can project words and images as well as touch.

He was thinking slowly, too slowly, it took him a moment to catch on, to
think of all the touch he was imagining. ~I would have to have developed
telepathy NOW!~ Oh, it was embarrassing, hideously so, undignified... he felt
his face heat. I'm sorry, Raphael-sama, I didn't mean to... Only that
wasn't right either, he thought, suddenly indignant. He WANTED to. He wanted to
touch Raphael-sama like that. If the only way to do it was telepathically, then
so be it! Only... he had no idea how much he'd just sent Raphael. Panicked, he
added, I mean...

Hands were on him, he could feel it, even with Raphael still sitting, so
calmly, though with his face slightly flushed -- over there. He could see
something in his mind's eye and he was flushing, he was burning, at the image of
Raphael moving over him, neither of them very clothed. He could almost feel the
pressure on his own fingers as the image of Raphael's hands twined with his
image's, could almost feel the wetness and the pressure of teeth as the image of
Raphael kissed its way down his image's neck. And Raphael was projecting
something else with it, the heavy thick tightness of desire, so hot, until
Mikael didn't know whose desire was his and whose was Raphael's... it was all
there, curled in his belly, tight, so tight. It would feel so good, he knew it
would feel so good, and didn't know how he knew; maybe that was Raphael, too.

I want you, Raphael murmured desperately into Mikael's mind. I want
~you~.

It was begging, it was pleading, it was something he could never resist, not
that good, not that hot. Raphael had somehow moved over next to him and he'd
missed it -- the guitar was lightly being taken away, one finger turned Mikael's
face up.

He was going to be kissed again. He knew he would be. He wanted it. Didn't
dare move closer, didn't dare ask, needed to be kissed. Uncontrolled, his breath
panted out over Raphael's face.

If this feels good, Raphael told him and Mikael twisted, moaning
softly, as Raphael projected the sensation of a tongue over the rim of his ear, Imagine
what the real thing feels like.

Imagine. Think. That was all he'd been doing, lately, and they all came back
to him in a rush, the images of what Raphael's lips would taste like on this
day, the desperate hopes on this day, on that, that he'd get kissed again, out
of the blue, and Raphael was moving in, descended on him, kissing. Not like any
kiss Mikael had imagined. Too desperate, too needy, too gentle despite that. So
hot, those little nips of tongue and teeth and lips and Mikael was making
noises, helpless, desperate, shameful noises that were being swallowed up by
Raphael.

It was a tidal wave, sweeping him away, making his limbs loose and helpful as
Raphael pried at Mikael's school uniform. The shocks of skin on skin were like a
match dropped on him, but less painful, a little. Raphael's mouth was on his
ear, something that really SHOULDN'T have been sexual but was, tongue tracing
the rim, teeth sending shocks of pleasure through him as Raphael nibbled at the
lobe. Raphael was babbling, both out loud and telepathically. "I've wanted
you," Raphael was murmuring, frantically unfastening and unbuttoning that
perfectly proper school uniform. "Wanted you for so long..." he undid
Mikael's collar and tie and began tasting Mikael's neck. Mikael buckled,
helpless, found Raphael's hands on his back, wandering over his hips, supporting
him and touching him as if he could be absorbed into Raphael through touch
alone. You can touch me too. It was meant, probably, to sound reassuring,
but there, minds touching, Mikael felt desperation, an edge of 'please touch
me'. Touch me and see what happens. I might A bribe? Do this for
you...

Fire. He was on fire, in his mind, Raphael's face contorted in ecstasy, or
suffering, or something, that low husk of a velvet whisper that was Raphael's
voice was moaning, crying out, and Mikael couldn't tell if it was real or
thought or imagined or -- and in reality, it must be reality, Raphael was
holding him close, and Mikael was gasping in Raphael's ear, leaned near blindly
to kiss the top of that ear.

Raphael moaned, ~that was silly, wasn't it, it was just a kiss, just a kiss~
and Raphael's hands were inside his shirt, it was rumpled, the school vest
pressing up against his lower back, and Raphael's hands were thumbing Mikael's
nipples. He bucked with flash-fire.

You can touch me like I touch you Raphael murmured into his mind,
smoky whisper, hopeful, However you want...anything you want.

He couldn't help thinking, panting aloud, of when they first met, of
Raphael's chest, shining, beautiful, would it feel this good to touch him like
he was being touched? Could it?

Raphael must have overheard, was pleading, So touch me. You don't have to
just look anymore. Touch me.

Could he beg any more? Did he even know he was begging?

Mikael was hot, fumbling, struggling in his own constricted clothing to get
his hands under Raphael's jacket. Almost frightened, he brushed his fingers over
Raphael's nipples, felt them like hard nubs, little points of heat, and he
rested his hands there for a moment, feeling their demands on his palm and found
himself on his back, Raphael pushing him down onto the window seat. Their bodies
were pushed together, heat, and his hips jerked without him being able to stop
it, he trembled, hands pressed against Raphael's chest.

I think we're over-dressed, don't you? Raphael was rumbling,
smirk-smiling down hotly. Much better to be like this:

And he was naked, naked, a tableau of tanned skin on ivory and heat buried
far too deep inside him and he could feel the feathers from Raphael's wing
brushing his side, sexy, so sexy, and could hear the gentle clink of their halos
and

He took a breath and was clothed and was watching Raphael pull back a little,
shrug out of his jacket, and Mikael gasped as Raphael reached out and helpfully
tugged both partially undone school shirt and vest over Mikael's head without
further ado. He could feel his hair muss, didn't care. Couldn't move, just
gasping for air, as Raphael fumbled with his own double belts, leaving his pants
hanging loosely about his hips, tented. Raphael paused there, then, and began
kissing his way along Mikael's chest as if he couldn't stop himself and Mikael
just writhed, because this was the real thing, lips and teeth and tongue teasing
a burning path down, nose nuzzling gently at the softness below his navel.

You've pleased yourself before, haven't you? Raphael murmured and OH
the embarrassment.

~It's wrong, it was bad of me, I shouldn't~ Mikael thought, trying to form an
answer.

Oh, darling, Raphael murmured into his head, suckling on the soft skin
and Mikael could feel his erection pushing against Raphael's chest. no shame
in that. None at all. Because it feels good, doesn't it? Raphael raised his
head, jabbed his tongue into Mikael's navel and Mikael felt a moan torn from him
at the shock of the pressure there. It's okay to feel good. It's good to feel
good.

~Oh, and I do, I do~ he was incoherent, staring up at Raphael's ceiling, lit
gently by the screen of the laptop where Raphael had left it.

I was just going to ask... any preferences?

More embarrassment. He closed his eyes, still shivering, gasping at the wet
exploration of his navel. Felt the tongue withdraw, Raphael's lips on his belly
in what must be a smile.

Hmmm... then why don't I introduce you to something you can't do for
yourself?

Possibilities sprung into Mikael's mind, all arousing. He was almost taken by
surprise at the sound of his own zipper, at Raphael's gentle easing of his pants
and underwear down his legs a little, Raphael's lips kissing along the path,
nestling his nose in Mikael's pubic hair.

He was going to scream, he was sure he was going to scream.

Ever wondered? and Raphael's mindspeak was thick with lust as he
looked up at Mikael. He'd never seen lavender so cloudy. Ever wanted to know
what this would feel like?

He saw, detached, not able to feel it yet, straining to feel it, Raphael's
head turn, slide the head of Mikael's erection between his lips, keep going.

It looks so good. I can't wait to taste.

And he could hear himself crying out, wordless begging, even as he thought,
far away, bemused, that he should hardly be surprised that Raphael was a dirty
talker.

Raphael's head turned.

He cried out, staring at the ceiling desperately, helplessly, drowning in
sensation. He remembered himself, thinking of Raphael, his hands on his own
body, the painful delight to be drawn there and no good, no good, but it was his
Raphael, his Raphael of the wailed guitar songs and evening dinners and and and
and

And he was gasping and writhing and bucking, hardly restrained by Raphael's
restraining arm over his hips, and maybe he was crying a little, maybe.

So good...it can always be this good, it can be even better. All for you,
always for you...

He arched, breath catching as lightning struck him.

Total relaxation, a moment later, hot, his own breath still loud in his ears,
sprawled, taking up much more space on the window seat than was right, he was
sure.

Raphael had moved up, was propped up on one elbow watching Mikael's face,
smiling sweetly, and Raphael's erection was trailing a wet track across Mikael's
left hip, in time with the thrusts. So worth waiting for, Raphael's
mental voice somehow reached him through the gauzy curtains of exhaustion and
lingering tremors. Waited...years...centuries..so long...to find you.

Tired, distracted, watching Raphael's face, Mikael put a hand on Raphael's
shoulder and just left it there, looking at the distant look on the angel's
face.

Silence, and he was contented, he realized. ~Content.~

So worth it, Raphael gasped into his mind, face spasming as orgasm
passed over it.

~I'm... content.~

It was like a secret, dark places and whispered words and looks cast back and
forth when nobody was looking, nobody was looking.

And nobody dared comment, this time. Commented when it was false and never
when it was true. ~Some sort of irony there.~

Perhaps students still saw things that would show off their relationship.
Perhaps. But nobody said anything, whether because of fear of Mikael's superior
training or because ... who knew why, really?

But nobody said anything, and exam time approached and Cassiel drifted around
the room like some kind of wraith, sad ghost, and dropped a piece of paper on
Mikael's desk, on everyone's desks.

Cassiel moved slowly to the front of the room and stared vaguely out at his
class, not meeting anyone's eyes. "This is your final exam," Cassiel
murmured, so that everyone had to strain to hear him. "About ninety percent
of you will fail to complete it. If we are all very lucky, ten percent of you
will succeed. Those who fail will become just another soul. Will dwell in the
cities of the dead. I wish you to remember that that is not a bad fate. Class
dismissed."

Some students were leaving right away to read their exams in private, some
were unable to wait and opened it right there.

But really, why wait? Mikael unfolded the paper and read it. Then reread it.
It didn't really register. Not really.

His feet ended up wandering him over to Raphael's apartment and the Professor
let him in with a welcoming smile he felt himself return.

This is not happening.

He held out his arms, thinking of body against body and felt Raphael take him
in his arms. "We have forever," he heard himself murmur to Raphael,

"let's take our time."

Slow, like honey trailing from a ladle. Mikael was distracted, closed his
eyes, stopped thinking.

Afternoon rolled around. Mikael lay, words heavy in his mind. It doesn't
matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It will never matter again. He
felt tears trail down his cheeks and they didn't matter, they didn't matter
either.

"It doesn't matter," he said softly, aloud, tasting the words for
texture and salt.

He felt rather than saw Raphael come over. Smelled rather than heard the soft
query of "Mikael?"

Mikael stared at the crumpled paper in his hand, and now that he'd started,
he might as well say it all aloud to get it said, so it would float in the air
over his head like a second halo. "It doesn't matter how well I do. Because
for Noelle to become an angel, she has to choose to do so." And it didn't
matter, it didn't. Scholastic achievement meant nothing. Tests had to be passed
by yourself, but he was to rely on some girl, some girl he didn't know, to pass
the test for him. To pass his LIFE for him. "Right?"

Warmth as arms pressed around him. Strong, warm, empty comfort.

"Raphael-sama," he said, and suddenly was drowning, desperate,
world rising up in a chaos flurry with colours, so many colours, all of despair,
and who had known there were so many colours of despair and his arms were around
Raphael now, clinging like tenacious lifeboat in a drowning ocean but where was
the iceberg where was the boat that split and drowned and he was falling,
clinging by two arms around empty comfort. "Raphael-sama, what if she says
no?"

She can say no.

Raphael was kissing his cheeks, desperately, and "It's going to be okay,
Mikael," empty comfort lies.

It's not going to be okay. She can say no.

And that was it, really, that was failure on a silver platter, steaming warm,
that was hope and dreams and future falling away like three golden balls
streaming from the sky to shatter on the earth below. Nothing he could do could
make a difference. The best he could do was to trust. Blind faith, blind as
night fell.

Numb, hearing his own voice crying, he felt a weight where there had been
none before and raised his hands, without thinking, to grab his halo so it
wouldn't fall on him.

Fall.

It was heavy, a dull accusing gold and he could see gold eyes staring back
accusingly, hating, from its surface as he looked at it and he dropped it, numb,
feeling lighter and heavier, so empty.

He tried to scream, but when his mouth opened, nothing was there.

Nobody can help me again.

The world trembled around him, candles falling over, and he was so hot, so
hot, so helpless burning in a fever and it wasn't fair he hated them, he hated
them, they should burn, they should they should all burn in fires let the flames
rise up and--

No. That wasn't right.

The book was torn around him broken dreams broken dreams. He loved their
terse screams, those stupid girls who did not know what they had to gain. Those
little screams of pain. He could not scream, they would hurt for him, and his
pain was his pain was his pain was--

That wasn't right either.

The world was falling down, falling falling.

Fall.

Candles fell over around him and he clutched his head and screamed again,
smelling burned feathers, incoherent. They deserved it they deserved it they
deserved it they deserved

free will

And he wasn't right. He wasn't right, was he?

Numbly, he stared around, at the pain, the burning and suffering and forced
anguish, at the stairs to heaven falling apart under false pretenses, at the
candles burning like hell, the wings falling apart in despair and suffering.

That was in me.

Oh, Most Holy. What have I done?

"Raphael-sama!"

He was screaming. Saying things he couldn't hear himself say over the sudden
roar of the flames. Screamed until his voice broke, fragile, teenage.
"Raphael-sama, PLEASE!"

Nothing. Silence but for the roaring and the screaming and the suffering and
it was his fault and he'd fucked up, he'd fucked everything up and his exam
didn't matter right now. People were in pain. People were suffering. And he
couldn't help them alone.

I can't do it alone!

The stairs fell and he screamed, one last time, "RAPHAEL-SAMA!"

Blackness.

And arms caught him up and he could feel flames vanish, brightness, feel arms
around him, warm, comforting, halting his fall.

For a moment, hanging in that eternity of a moment before he'd have to go and
help, go and help, he closed his eyes and let that warmth surround him.

It's going to be okay.

He took a deep breath, trying to dismiss his last minute jitters as he
glanced out at the sea of halos and fresh faces, eager, interested, free from
fear.

For a moment, he thought he wouldn't remember what he was to say, flashed
back to so many years of Class, this is Mikael, please make him welcome....
Shaky, he took a deep breath.

"I'm Mikael," he said, "and it's my pleasure to be your
teacher for this year." he bowed, reflexively, though certainly very few
members of the class were Japanese.

Coming up, Mikael caught sight of Raphael leaning in the door with a thumb
up, and smiled and smiled while the class murmured a response, in front of him.

You okay? Raphael sent mentally. You're doing great.

Aa, he said, smiling out, now, at the class. Aa. More than okay.

Saa?

I'm in heaven.