Author: mypenname3000
Title: Lesbian's Reality Altering Ring Chapter Six: Lesbian Charms Her Busty Bully
Summary: Kimberly has naughty plans for her busty bully!
Keywords: Ff ff fff FF fsolo Fff mc inc oral anal rim preg spank exib voy public inter school

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for proofing this! The first chapter of this story was a commission by the fan who brought you Summoning My Succubus Mother! I've been allowed to continue it at my own discretion.

Kimberly Park

After Erika had finished throwing up and her tummy was feeling better, we got ready for high school. I was so pumped to go out and have some fun with my new ring. I just had to recharge it. There were plenty of candidates.

I mean, any girl would be so wet for me that I could finger them on the spot. Then I had all the power to change reality again.

Like I had made it so any girl I tribbed would become pregnant. That was why Erika had her morning sickness. I had bred her last night. Another wish made it so that her pregnancy would be accelerated. In ten days, she'd be giving birth to my daughter who'd age to fourteen in a week physically and mentally.

Then I would have sex with my daughter.

Look at you, said Mom. Oh, Erika, you are glowing.

My mother came out naked, her big boobs swaying. She was a short but gorgeous Korean MILF. Her large tits, as big as mine, bounced before her. She swept up Erika in a hug and kissed her while shoving a hand between my girlfriend's thighs.

Erika gasped in shock. She whimpered into the kiss as my mother must be fingering her twat. I smiled, so glad that they were getting along. It was made my pussy so hot. I was dripping wet with my excitement as I watched them.

Erika glanced at me. I winked at her, loving that my mother was fingering her. 

Ooh, I just have to eat that pregnant pussy, moaned Mom. Got my granddaughter in there. I just want to eat you out. How does that sound?

Sounds great, I purred. Go for it, Mom.

She fell to her knees before Erika, gripping my girlfriend's red-brown thighs. Then my naughty mother buried her face into Erika's pregnant twat. She gasped, her big, lactating tits smacking together as she shuddered.

My cunt clenched at the wicked sight. My twat itched as I watched my mother devouring my girlfriend. Erika loved it, of course. She gripped the back of Mom's head, holding that beautiful woman to that succulent pussy.

God, I need someone to eat my pussy right now, I moaned, my cunt juices dripping down my thighs.

I got you covered, sis, Andrea said.

My gender-swapped twin sister appeared before me. She winked at me, her round breasts jiggling as she fell to her knees before me. I was so glad I had turned Andre into Andrea. It was so hot having her bury her face into my cunt.

She licked at me with hunger. She fluttered her tongue around in my cunt. She stirred me up with that incestuous passion. It was so hot being eaten out. She caressed my pussy walls, stroking them and sending pleasure racing through me.

I groaned as she did that. I savored what she did with such hunger. I whimpered, my head tossing from side to side. She made me feel just amazing. I trembled, my heart pounding in my chest, flooding my body with bliss.

God, you taste so good, Kimberly, moaned my twin sister.

Right? Erika asked. Oh, you do, honey! You do!

Yes, moaned Mom. Kimberly has the yummiest pussy in the world.

I shuddered, loving that so much. It was such a rush to be so sexy and desirable. No one would ever know the old me. That ugly girl that had no self-esteem. She was gone. Erased by this wonderful ring P gave me.

I trembled by Erika, savoring my twin sister eating my snatch. She was so good at it. A natural-born pussy licker. I groaned, my face twisting in delight. A big smile spread on my lips as Andrea lapped at me with her delicious tongue.

Fuck, I moaned. My back arched. I tossed my head. I shuddered, my face contorting with delight. Oh, that's so good. Yes, yes, that's just so good.

She gripped my plump ass as she devoured my twat. She flicked her tongue to my clit. I groaned, my bud bursting with sparks. I tossed my head. My boobs swayed from side to side. My breasts rippled from the impact.

The incestuous rush of her eating me was just an amazing delight. It was an exciting delight. I climbed closer and closer to shuddering with delight. It was just a delight to have her feasting on me with such hunger.

Shit, I groaned.

Right? whimpered Erika as she ground her pussy on my mother's face. Just rubbing against her as she whimpered. It was clear she building to explode. I wanted her to drown my mother. Oh, Mrs. Park. Your tongue is so amazing.

So is your pussy, moaned Mom with her thick, Korean accent.

Erika gasped, her big boobs bouncing. She whimpered, her entire body trembling. I was, too. My sister's tongue swirled around in my snatch. She caressed my pussy walls. I groaned in delight as I rose and rose towards my orgasm.

She flicked her tongue towards my clit again. She suckled on my bud. She nursed on me. I groaned, my heart pounding faster and faster. This was it. This would make me cum. Her fingers dug into my rump as she nibbled on me.

That's it, Andrea, I moaned. I want you to make me cum. I love cumming on my twin sister's mouth.

What about your big sister's mouth? purred Sandra. 

I love cumming on yours, too, I moaned, almost there.

My big sister grabbed my ass from behind. She squeezed my rump and parted my butt-cheeks. Sandra buried her face into my butt-crack and tongued my asshole. I gasped in shock at what she was doing. This wicked delight ran through me as she rimmed me.

Her tongue danced around my sphincter as Andrea suckled at my clit. My two sisters both loved me. It was so wild. I groaned at what she did to me. I shuddered, loving every second of her naughty tongue dancing around my asshole. 

Oh, god, I whimpered, my orgasm building and building. 

Andrea nibbled on my clit as Sandra thrust her tongue into my bowels. She popped past my anal ring and danced around in me. She swirled about, loving my dick. She was so good at it. She was just amazing at it. My face contorted with delight. My butt-cheeks clenched down on around her face. I hurtled towards my orgasm.

Oh, yes, yes, Mrs. Park! Erika gasped. My sexy girlfriend bucked, her big boobs heaving as she came on my mother's mouth.

Seeing that, with Sandra's tongue wiggling about in my asshole and Andrea suckling on my clit, I gasped and burst in delight. I joined my girlfriend. My orgasm swept rapture through my body as my pussy and asshole convulsed. Juices gushed out, bathing my twin sister's mouth.

Oh, that's so good, I whimpered, my big sister's tongue dancing around in my writhing asshole. Sandra! Andrea! My sisters are awesome!

I shuddered, bucking on Andrea's face. My big boobs slapped together as I smeared my pussy across her face. My twin sister was more than happy to drink down all my cunt cream. She guzzled it down as I hit the peak of my orgasm.

I fluttered my eyes, loving this passion. I felt so amazing right now. Sandra danced her tongue around my asshole one more time as Andrea slid up my body. Her round breasts pressed into my big boobs. She kissed me with lips covered in my spicy pussy cream.

That was so hot. I had Sandra still rimming my asshole as I made out with my twin sister. That was such a hot rush. My tongue danced with hers for a moment longer. Then I broke it and said, We have to get ready for school.

Do you even need school with how rich you are? asked Sandra. 

Yep, I said. I mean, I can make so many hot videos at school. There's Sascha, after all. She needs to learn she's not queen bitch.

Well, she is an egotistical one, said Sandra. I told her to invite you on the cheer squad and be your friend, that you're the new up and comer, but she's a tad jealous. She doesn't want to give up the fact she's not the most popular girl in school.

I smiled. Before I had gained the ring from P, Sandra had told me to make friends with Sascha. To like all her social media posts, things like that. Now I was the top queen. I grabbed my phone and put out a hot pic to my Instagram followers.

I selfie of me between my two sisters. We all smiled for it. I captioned it, <em>Just eaten out by my twin sister and big sis. #IncestIsBest #Blessed #BaeSisters

Instantly, the likes and comments followed. But not one from Sascha. She wasn't even following me on Instagram. I shuddered at that. It was such a delight as I started to get ready for school. And with three other girls who needed to get ready, it was a madhouse.

Before, it was Sandra and I fighting over the shower and the bathroom, with Andre and Mom just waking up early. But now Andre was Andrea, a girl that had to put on her makeup and do her hair. And Erika was in the mix. 

My baby momma had to look hot.

So it was a bit of a madhouse. Not a lot of time for fucking. But we were soon in our clothes. Erika was close enough in size to me to borrow my clothes. I had a whole new wardrobe to fit my busty figure. I loved how reality altered to my whim.

Mom had prepared us breakfast. She had already quit her jobs. Just walked away. She was now our full-time mother. So she had put out all the stops and made French toast and scrambled eggs with. No quick bowls of cereal.

I whipped out my phone and took a pic. <em>Mom not only gives great head, but she's a magnificent cook. #MyMomRules #YummyNummy #MommyDelight!

The moment I hit post, the comments flowed in. The likes and other emojis jumped. They praised my mom's cooking as I sat down to eat it with the others. It was a yummy breakfast. My tarnished ring was the only downside.

I had to find a pussy to brighten things back up. I had used everyone in the apartment. But that would be easy. The first girl I met, I would just shove my hand into her panties and refresh my ring. I might even give them a nice wish as thanks.

I'm going to start house hunting, said Mom. With what you're making, Kimberly, there's no need for us all to be crammed in this apartment.

Maybe check if our old house is available, I said. Wouldn't that be nice to live there? Like it was before Dad... I trailed off, an idea bursting in my mind. Yes, yes, that would be perfect. Let's do that, Mom. Even if it's not for sale, we can make an offer and buy it from them. How does that sound?

<em>Um, if that's what you want, daughter Mom said in Korean. <em>Of course. But we can get better places than that.

Nope, I said, adamant. I want that house. I wiped my mouth of syrup. Ooh, and we better get going to school. Mom, you take care of it.

I will, honey, Mom said, switching back to English. 

Good, I said and stood. I was so ready for this. Well, shall we get to school? I want to make Sascha eat her heart out.

Not literally, though. I could do that, but that was too mean. 

We all gathered our bookbags and purses. We headed out the door of the apartment and trooped to the elevator. We were all gabbing and talking on the way down, all of us eager to get to school. I was no longer the mousy, skinny girl. I was a busty goddess now. 

I was ready to flaunt myself.

I walked in arm and arm with Erika as we hit the sidewalk. Andrea was on my other side with Sandra behind us. She was chortling. I looked back at her and she was filming us with our phones, recording our tight skirts that hugged our rumps.

Let's show her what sort of panties we're wearing, Erika, I whispered, my big boobs jiggling unencumbered by my low-cut crop top, my nipples poking hard against the material.

Sure thing, my lover said.

We both bent over, our short skirts riding up our rumps. Then we flipped them up and flashed our naked asses and shaved pussies. My big sister grinned as she captured it. Then we dropped our skirts and kept walking, laughing hard.

That is going on your OnlyFans, said Sandra as we walked. Mmm, yes, yes, they are going to love that naughty pic. Something to hold them over before whatever naughty thing you have planned for school.

Then you'll want to record this, I said and smiled at a woman jogging towards us in black shorts and a pink sports bra. The brunette's hair flew behind her in a ponytail. She had big boobs and a toned stomach.

I stepped before her and held out my left hand to get her to stop. The jogger did, panting. She was sweaty, her eyes flicking me up and down. A flush crept over her cheeks as I put my hand on her stomach. I rubbed up and down her.

Hey, I said, my hand rubbing at her pussy. Mind showing us your boobs?

Sandra stepped to the side to record it as the jogger stared at me. God, you're kinda sexy. She looked around. But right here?

I really want to see them, I said, my hand sliding towards the waistband of her shorts. I'll do something <em>really nice for you if you do it.

She looked me up and down, the fingers of my left hand just moments from sliding into the waistband of her jogging shorts. Well... the jogger said. You are hot. Why not?

I grinned as she grabbed her pink sports bra and lifted it up. Her breasts were so soft, her nipples pink and hard. They thrust out before her. I smiled at that as my hand pressed down into her jogging shorts then found her panties. 

I can't believe I did that, she said, her boobs bouncing.

Kimberly's just so hot, how can you resist her? Erika asked. 

Yep, my little sister is the sexiest woman alive, Sandra said, filming this all.

I grinned as I slid my fingers through the jogger's thick curls. I stared at her boobs quivering before me as I pushed my digits to her pussy lips. She gasped as I touched her cunt. I stroked through her dripping folds and thrust my middle and ring finger into her cunt, making sure that special band was pushed into her pussy.

I thought for a moment, feeling the ring drinking in her cunt juices and refreshing its powers. The woman's boobs grew before my eyes. She had a nice set of Double D's, but I grew those to H Cups. Huge tits that would never sag. They had this amazing perkiness to them. Her sports bra vanished. 

It must be so wonderful being a woman that can go around topless, I said, pulling my fingers out of her pussy.

It's wonderful, she said. Everyone gets to look at my big H-cup titties. They're all natural. And so perky. My doctor says they'll never sag. I'm just special.

Yes, you are, I said, my fingers wiggling in her pussy. So special, those two women are going to love your tits and make you cum.

I drew my hand from the jogger's panties and shorts and pointed ahead to a pair of women in business skirts coming out of a Starbucks. They turned and glanced at the jogger and both gasped. Then they both rushed over, throwing their lattes into the garbage, and grabbed the jogger's breasts. The two women ducked their heads down and started sucking on the jogger's breasts.

I sucked the sweet juices off my fingers, my ring at full brilliance. It seemed that if I had my digits in her pussy when making the changes allowed her pussy juices to keep restoring the ring.

Always fun when you're around, said Erika as we headed to school.

Yep, said Sandra. I'll get this up on your OnlyFans. A nice, little tease for what was to come.

Yes, definitely, I said, walking with my pregnant girlfriend and my gender-swapped twin sister. 

It was fun. I decided to use my powers to bring some joy to this world. Spread some lesbian fun wherever I could find it. I hummed as I passed the coffee shop. My ring gleamed as suddenly the three women working inside were topless, their tits were huge, and their breasts would produce an endless amount of milk.

The Starbucks became The Milker, a woman-only establishment. My ring nearly tarnished from doing that. But I just shoved it down the front of a business woman's pants and diddled her pussy for a moment.

I gave her the power to make a woman cum every time she touches their cheeks. She headed down the street brushing women's cheeks. They were gasping and moaning with orgasmic delight, some falling to their knees, others grabbing parking meters.

Everyone just accepted it.

I made another woman into an exhibitionist. This one went bottomless and she could get any woman to tongue her twat. Which she promptly did by having a female cop fall to her knees and just started eating out her snatch.

A beautiful sight.

I gave a passing woman with a rather hideous birth defect on her face gorgeous features. I had to recharge my ring again, but there was a girl smoking cigarettes at the bus stop that I diddled for a moment. I took away her nasty habit.

Now she only wanted to suckle on nipples. And any woman would gladly let her nurse on their nubs. She could make any woman cum from doing that. I was just so generous. I wanted to have more fun, but we were reaching my high school.

The other students were all heading in. Girls gasped at the sight of me. They were smiling at me. Waving. I loved it. They were all so eager to be mine. I could pluck any one of them if I wanted. I could claim them all.

Kimberly! squealed all around me. Kimberly! Oh, Kimberly! 

Guys were lusting for me, too, but I ignored them. It was the girls that I wanted. I waved to them. Blew them kisses. They were all so gorgeous. All these sexy teenagers that were crowding around me.

Oh, Kimberly, can I get you to sign my tits? asked a redhead I didn't know. Just write across my boobs. She yanked down on her crop top to pop out her round tits. They jiggled before me, her nipples hard. I shuddered at that.

In one of her hands was a black sharpie. I snagged that. This was so wild. I popped the cap off with my teeth then thought about what to write on her tits. Then I just sighed my name across them. Kimberly Park. I put a heart at the end, the scent of permanent marker filling my nose.

There, I said, hoping I didn't do <em>too bad at it. You have such a great set of tits. And I think it's great that you had my signature tattooed on them.

My ring tingled and the permanent marker became a tattoo, one that was slightly better than my signature.

I'm so glad you loved it, she said, the marker vanishing out of existence. She never had to have me sign it today. I used your signature from last week as the guide. I think it's amazing. I always have your signature on my boobs. Everyone will know that you touched them.

I squeezed her boobs, massaging those perky mounds. She quivered as I did that. I gave myself another power, watching my ring grow tarnished. I could make a woman cum just by fondling her boobs if I wanted to.

She gasped and groaned, her eyes widening as I kept squeezing those lush mounds and watching the delight spill over her face. Her eyes fluttered. She groaned as I kneaded those wonderful boobs, her nipples so hard.

Oh, my, she groaned as I kneaded her tattooed tits. Oh, wow, no one has ever touched my tits like that. You're... wow, you're awesome, Kimberly!

Yeah, she can make me cum just by playing with my tits, Erika said.

I had never done that, but that wasn't her experience, was it?

I quivered in delight, massaging her as I kneaded her boobs. It was a pure delight to enjoy fondling any woman's boobs. Everyone was watching. They were staring, whispering, watching me play with her tits and make her feel amazing.

I grinned, cell phones recording this. It made me so wet. I massaged those boobs and swept my thumbs out and brushed across her nipples. She gasped in delight. She threw back her head. She whimpered in delight. 

Oh, my god, she groaned. Kimberly. You're amazing. Oh, I am going to cum. Yes, yes, I am going to explode.

Good, I purred, winking at her.

I twerked her nipples. I massaged her nub. She gasped as I twisted them. Her legs quivered. Then she squealed in orgasmic delight. I shot my hand down as she came, pressing my fingers into the bands of her jeans and into her panties. I slid over her shaved pussy and let her cream bathe my ring, refreshing it.

She fell to her knees a moment later, her hands grabbing my thighs. I smiled at the sight of my pristine ring. Gold and pure again. She moaned and ducked her head up beneath my skirt. She pressed her face into my pussy.

She licked me.

I shuddered at the feel of her licking and lapping at me. I groaned, my body trembling. I wiggled from side to side as she feasted on me with hunger. Everyone was watching her just going to town on my delicious twat.

Oh, wow, I moaned. Ooh, ooh, that's perfect. You are driving me wild. Oh, yes, yes, you are going to make me cum.

I have class, Erika said and kissed me on the lips. Bye, honey.

Mmm, bye, I said. Let me watch that cute ass sway as you walk away.

She grinned and sauntered in her short skirt. I shuddered, my cunt clenching on the girl's tongue. It was so hot having her swirl around in me. I trembled, building and building towards that orgasm from the thrill of it.

I spotted my target lurking in the background. Sascha Dennehy. The queen bee of my high school. Head cheerleader. Blonde, curvy, a bitch. She used to be the hottest girl in school. Now I was here, and she wasn't on top.

That made me shudder so much. I moaned as the stranger ate my pussy. She feasted on me with hunger. She just devoured my cunt with all she had while I smiled at Sascha. I had such plans for her. My body quivered in delight.

The naughty girl thrust her tongue into my snatch. She swirled it about in me. She teased me with that hot tongue. She stirred me up. I quivered there, my big boobs jiggling in my low-cut top. The girls were watching me. Lusting for me.

Oh, yes, yes, I groaned. Ooh, that's it. That's so perfect. Just lick me like that. Feast on me. You're going to drown in my pussy cream.

I want to, Kimberly! the girl moaned.

You all want to drown in my pussy cream, don't you, I purred.

A chorus of, God, yes, and, Drown me, Kimberly, and, Yeeeeesssss!!!! echoed around me. 

Sascha scowled and marched off. I loved it. I quivered there, building and building towards my orgasm. That naughty tongue flicked to my clit. I gasped as she drummed against my bud. Pleasure shot through me. Wonderful delight that swelled me closer to my climax.

Ms. Boobs swirled her tongue around my clit then suckled on it. 

I gasped as she did that. Her face contorted with delight. Her head tossed back and forth. I trembled as she suckled on my clit. I gasped, my heart beating with delight. This was so wild. I loved it so much. My head tossed back and forth.

Oh, god, that's good, I moaned. It was an exciting delight to have her suckling on my clit. I trembled, loving her nibbling on me. Get ready! Oh, get ready! Yes!

I gasped and burst with delight. My pussy convulsed as my orgasm swept through me. Juices gushed out of me and bathed her face. I threw back my head, my body bucking. A great cheer rose from the watching girls. I trembled, the rapture rushing through me.

Oh, that's so good, I moaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's just amazing. I love it. I love it so much! 

She licked at my cunt, gathering the cream flooding out of my twat. I trembled through the rapture, loving that everyone was watching me. It was a rush. A pure delight to enjoy. I whimpered, my boobs bouncing in my low-cut blouse.

Kimberly, Ms. Boobs moaned. Ooh, ooh, you taste so good. I got to eat you out.

You'll tell your kids all about it one day, I moaned.

I will, she breathed into my pussy. She rubbed her face back and forth. I shuddered at what she did, my orgasm hitting that wonderful peak.

I trembled and came down from my high. I flicked my gaze around. I had to find that bitch. I had to humiliate her nice and good. And that started with having to find her. Luckily, I just gave myself the power to control her whenever I wanted. To puppeteer her. To become her. 

That would be fun.

Mmm, I'm going to the bathroom, I said and pushed past the girls. Later.

Kimberly, they all gushed.

I had to find some place nice and safe to stash my body while I did naughty, naughty things to Sascha Dennehy. She was such a cunt to me. This would be so wonderful. I was looking forward to just being the worst to her.

Well, not too worst. Just... Maybe embarrass her. I didn't want to be too cruel to her. 

I reached the bathroom, slipped into the stall, and sank down on the toilet. I closed my eyes and relaxed into my new power. Possession. I flowed out of my body and rushed towards where Sascha Dennehy lay. I was so ready to just do wicked things with her. 

This would be so much fun. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sascha Dennehy

Can you believe that Kimberly? I asked Talia. She was another cheerleader on my squad. Just groping girls and getting her pussy licked right there in the middle of the quad. So disgusting.

I mean, yeah, Talia said.

I gave her a hard look. Don't tell me that you wouldn't want to be licking Kimberly's twat.

My cheeks burned. I <em>did want to lick her pussy. It was insane how sexy she was. I was supposed to be the hottest girl in school. It was my last year. I was supposed to be the queen bee, and now she came along and everyone drooled over her.

She even had an OnlyFans page! She was a complete slut. I had a subscription, just to keep tabs on her, of course. 

Girls lick <em>my pussy, I hissed. I'm the queen of this school. If I told you to kneel and eat my twat, you would do it.

Well, I mean, I suppose, Talia said. You're the cheer captain and all. But don't you want to have the freshies lick your pussy? You like putting them in their place. Look, we can get Jill to do it.

We walked into Mrs. Masters's classroom. The blonde English teacher nodded to us. 

I suppose that would be nice, I said. Just don't want to <em>hear her blabbing about how great Kimberly is.

She's so great, said Talia as I threw down my bookbag. 

A strange shiver washed over me. I blinked at the cool ripple that had swept over me. I looked down at my arms. They were covered in goosebumps. I rubbed at them. Had the AC been cranked or something?

The coolness suddenly became a warmth. A heat that made me boil in my clothes. I shuddered and slipped off my purse and bookbag. They hit the floor as I pulled at my blouse. It was so hot. I needed to take it off. That would be hot.

I started pulling it over my head when Talia gasped, What are you doing, Sascha?

I'm so hot, I moaned, ripping the blouse off and throwing it down at my feet. My boobs jiggled in my bra. Aren't I so hot?

Yeah, you are, a guy said. 

I don't want you looking at me, I hissed. It was shocking words. I wasn't a lesbian. I didn't like eating pussy. I did it as a cheerleader because I had to. Then I took great glee in making the new girls eat my twat. Fuck all you guys. It's pussy that I love.

Then why did you squeal so hard on my dick? Trent asked. 

I faked it, I said. Really? I didn't think I had, but I must have. And, god, I was hot. I had to get this bra off. I reached behind me and unhooked it.

The whoops grew louder as my large tits bounced free. They were just not as good as Kimberly's tits, who had the best. I squeezed them, shuddering in delight. That felt so good. But everyone was looking at me. Gawking at me.

Sascha! gasped Mrs. Masters. The English teacher stared at me as I kneaded my tits. You can't just strip off your clothes. Get dressed right now.

Naw, I said. I'm too hot. I shoved off my skirt and caught my panties in the process. I bent over, my big boobs swaying before me as I pushed off my bottoms. They dropped down my legs, leaving me bare-ass naked. Save my shoes and socks. 

Sascha Dennehy! the teacher hissed. You get dressed right now, then come with me to the principal's office this instant.

I shook my head as I stared at the teacher. I bet you have a yummy pussy. Want to let me eat it?

She gasped. Sascha! Mrs. Masters gasped in shock. What has gotten into you? You're going to be lucky if you don't get expelled.

Worth it to eat your pussy, Mrs. Masters, I said. Or do you want to lick mine?

I jumped up on a desk and spread my legs wide, flashing my shaved twat at her. I rubbed at my cunt. I worked my fingers up and down my pussy. I stroked myself. I rubbed at my juicy twat, my cream coating my digits.

Mrs. Masters blinked in shock at my bold masturbation. I would get in such trouble. People were whispering. They would call me a dyke slut. They would all look down on me, but I didn't care. This was too hot.

What do you say? I cooed. Want me to eat you, or you to eat me?

A strangled groan burst from Mrs. Masters's lips. Her face was entirely red.

I thrust my digits into my cunt. I shuddered as the three of them stretched me out so wonderfully. I thrust my fingers in and out of my twat. My spicy musk filled my nose. I loved that scent. It was an exciting aroma to breathe in.

Just such a wonderful joy. A big smile crossed my lips. I quivered in delight as I worked them in and out while Mrs. Masters stared at me. Her jaw dropped. I loved how dumbfounded she was that I was doing this.

That I was being a complete and abject whore. It was such a rush to do this, too. I grinned at her as I pulled out my fingers. I held them out and said, Doesn't that cream look yummy, Mrs. Masters?

No, she gasped. That's disgusting. You're disgusting.

My cheeks burned as every student in the class laughed at me. I jumped off my desk, my boobs bouncing and heaving. I smeared my fingers across her lips. She gasped, stepping back and bumping into her desk.

Those juices are just as good as Kimberly's, I hissed. This strange wave of shiver ran over me. I shook my head as if something left me. They are! You know they are. My pussy is just as delicious as hers. You want to lick mine just as badly.

Why was I saying these things? This wasn't me.

There is no way your pussy is anywhere near delicious as Kimberly, the teacher gasped. And I am not going to eat it. You need to get dressed. You are in so much trouble.

The door burst open and a panting Kimberly appeared. It was like she had sprinted to get here. Yes... she is... in trouble... She panted, her big boobs heaving in her blouse. We should... spank her... and make her eat your pussy out... Mrs. Masters.

Oh, my yes, groaned Mrs. Masters. That sounds perfect, Kimberly.

What, now you are going to let me eat your pussy? I gasped. Because Kimberly says I should?

Of course, Mrs. Masters said, a big smile on her lips. Maybe she'll let me eat hers out at the same time. Do you think she will?

The world had gone insane and... Why was I naked? And masturbating? And why did I go completely dyke? I just... wanted to eat pussy. And now Kimberly was marching over to me, this wicked smile on her lips. How did she know this was going on?

Bend over the teacher's desk, naughty slut, she said, her smile wide.

I wanted to say no, but my body moved on its own. I hopped off the student's desk and moved to the teacher's. I bent over it, my boobs pressing into the desk. I squirmed there, utterly flummoxed by this. I was obeying her. Doing things I never would. What had happened to me?

Kimberly smiled, her finger playing with the gold ring on her left hand. She did this. Somehow, she did this. And she wanted me to know that she had done this. She licked her lips as she raised her left hand and stood behind me. Her hand slapped down. 

SMACK!

The stinging pain shot through me. I gasped, my back arching. I gasped at the pain that melted heat through my rump and down to my snatch. I wiggled, rubbing my nipples into the desk. I couldn't believe how much that hurt. 

SMACK!

Fuck! I gasped. 

SMACK!

You are just so naughty, Kimberly said. Stripping naked. Who do you think you are? 

SMACK!

Me?

SMACK! 

Do you think you're <em>me? Kimberly purred. That you can get naked and any woman would just want to eat your pussy?

I would love to eat your pussy, Kimberly, Mrs. Masters moaned. Just say the word.

You will, Mrs. Masters, Kimberly purred, her hand squeezing my rump. She gripped me. I gasped at the burning pain. But we have to spank naughty Sascha. In fact, why don't you spank her while she eats my pussy? How does that sound, Mrs. Masters?

What? I gasped in shock. Eat Kimberly's pussy? I hated eating pussy. And why hers? Why did it make me lick my lips with such eagerness? Humiliation burned across my face as I realized I wanted to eat my rival's pussy.

She hopped on the teacher's desk beside me. Mmm, I'm not wearing panties. Eat my pussy while Mrs. Masters spanks you for being such a naughty slut.

But I don't understand why I did it, I wailed as I moved over and pressed my face between her thighs and up her skirt. I could <em>smell the spicy aroma of her pussy. It made my mouth water to my utter horror. I'm not gay. I'm no dyke. I hate eating pussy.

But you were bad, Kimberly said, grabbing me by the back of the head and shoving me up between her thighs. Mmm, and bad girls have to eat pussy.

I shuddered, my rump burning. I did strip naked. I couldn't explain it and... Why did she have to smell so good? She was just delicious. My mouth watered. I groaned and pressed my face into her pussy. My lips kissed at her juicy twat. Her spicy cream melted through my mouth.

Then I was licking her pussy. I couldn't help myself. She was just so yummy. I groaned as I licked her, being such a bad girl. I wiggled my rump. It burned. She groaned, her hand holding me to her twat as my tongue slid through her cuntlips.

That's it, moaned Kimberly. You naughty slut. Just lick my cunt. Ooh, you're hungry for pussy. I bet it's a lie that you love cocks at all. Right, Mrs. Masters?

No, no, I love cocks, I moaned then thrust my tongue deep into Kimberly's cunt. I danced it around in her, savoring the spicy flavor.

Riiiight, the Korean girl said. She winked down at me. That's why you're just devouring my pussy. God, you have that tongue so deep in my cunt. You are swirling it around in me. Yes, yes, that's amazing.

I did. I couldn't help myself, though. She tasted <em>sooooo good. The best pussy I had ever eaten. They only that I should eat. I whimpered as I feasted on her, loving the flavor of her twat. The texture. The way her juices dribbled down my chin.

I think you love pussy, said Mrs. Masters. That's why you wanted to eat mine. But you're a bad girl. Getting naked in my class. 

CRACK! 

I gasped at the spank that landed on my rump. The heat burned over my butt-cheeks. 

Just such a naughty girl! the teacher hissed. 

CRACK! 

I gasped again, bucking and moaning into Kimberly's pussy.

Trying to get me to eat your pussy! 

CRACK! 

The teacher spanked so hard. My butt-cheeks clenched together. I whimpered, my rump burning.

That's just so wrong, the teacher huffed. Mrs. Masters slapped her hand down on my butt again. 

CRACK!

I'm sorry, I moaned into Kimberly's pussy, my ass on fire.

Why? Kimberly asked. Because you know that your cunt is not as good as mine?

Yes! I gasped, staring up at her. My cunt isn't. It's just not as good as yours! You have the best cum in the world!

She smiled at me. Mmm, that's so wonderful to hear. Now make me cum!

Yes, Kimberly, I moaned, my tongue licking and lapping up and down her slit. I shuddered, savoring the flavor of Kimberly's twat. Her spicy juices melted across my tongue. They were such a treat. Such a rush to enjoy.

I groaned, dancing my tongue around in her twat. She quivered as I licked her like that. I ate her with hunger. She trembled, her boobs jiggling in her top. She had such big ones. Better than my boobs. She just outclassed me in every way.

So I feasted on her, wanting to drown in her pussy juices. I craved to have those yummy creams gushing out of her and bathing my mouth. I licked at her snatch with hunger. I danced my tongue around in her snatch. I stirred her up with such passion.

She groaned, her pussy clenching down on my tongue. She threw back her head. I flicked my tongue to her clit I had to make Kimberly cum. I had to make this beautiful angel explode. I brushed my tongue over her bud.

She gasped and threw back her head. You fucking bitch!

Her body bucked. Pussy cream gushed out of her twat and spilled over my mouth. Her spicy pussy juices gushed out and bathed my mouth. I drank them up. I loved the feel of her juice flowing down my throat to my large boobs.

They swayed back and forth as she moaned out her pleasure. Her ecstasy echoed through the air. She was having an amazing cum. I <em>made her cum. That was such a delight to have brought <em>this amazing woman such pleasure.

I drank down her pussy cream. I savored every drop of her cunt cream running down my chin. I trembled through the bliss of this moment. It was such a happy one. I was so thrilled that I could pleasure her.

Oh, you naughty bitch, she moaned, trembling through her bliss. Ooh, you know how to eat pussy. You like eating pussy, don't you?

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. I love eating your pussy, Kimberly.

Mmm, and what would you do to eat my pussy? she asked, her slanted eyes gleaming with this wicked light.

God, anything, I moaned. I would do <em>anything for the privilege of munching on your pussy, Kimberly. Just anything.

She had such a wicked grin on her lips that made me shiver. She had thought of something so naughty, so depraved, that my pussy melted from the intensity of her look. I quivered there, my heart pounding as I wondered what she would do to me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kimberly Parks

I stared at my ring wondering if I had the power to do this.

I had to risk it. This was so naughty.

I concentrated and imagined that every man that Sascha fucked would become a woman and spank her naughty ass before fucking her with a big strap-on and kicking her out for being just a naughty, naughty slut.

My ring blackened. It even smoked. Some dust blew off it. My stomach lurched as I stared at it. I brushed it and swallowed as dust rubbed off. It was at the limits. About to corrode away. I had to fix this right now.

I shoved my hand between Sascha's legs and rubbed my ring into her pussy. I felt it hardening. Coming back. I trembled as I rubbed her cunt. She stared at me with this hopeful look in her eyes. She was waiting for me to say something.

To call her a slut or a whore. To smack her cheeks. I pulled my hand back and stared at my ring. I let out a long sigh. It was whole. Golden and perfect. I stroked it, almost dizzy with my relief. I would be nothing without this ring.

It was my everything.

Kimberly? asked Sascha.

I glanced at her and smiled. Mmm, you would do anything for me since you're gay, right? And you want to eat my pussy.

Yes, she moaned. I'm so gay. I want to only eat pussy. Your pussy! Let me eat it again. I'll make you cum even harder.

I raised my finger before her. You don't get to eat my pussy until you fuck ten guys. Every ten new guys you fuck, I'll let you tongue my pussy. I'll let you eat me out. Just feast on me with such hunger. How does that sound? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sascha Dennehy

I'll do it, I moaned. I'll do anything you want.

I know you will, she said. Now go. Fuck guys. Be that whore I know you can be.

I will! I was entranced by her. Under her spell. I got why she was the most popular girl in school. Why she had taken my place as the queen bee. I'll go right now!

I hopped to my feet and whirled around. I looked at those guys. I didn't want to wait. I had to fuck them all. I whirled around and stared at them. I spotted Jack. He was in the front row. I rushed at him, not wanting to have his cock in me.

But I would. For my Kimberly.

Drop those pants, I groaned. I'm going to ride your cock right here, right now. After all, Mrs. Masters is going to be busy with Kimberly.

She, she is going to be busy with me, purred that amazing girl.

Oh, my, groaned Mrs. Masters. I'll do it. I'll do whatever you want. I've never eaten pussy, but I'm eager to try.

Yes, you are, Kimberly said. God, I love this ring?

Ring? I asked as I waited for Jack to drop his pants.

Don't worry about the ring. You just fuck that guy. And you, Mrs. Masters, let's sixty-nine. How does that sound?

Wonderful, cooed the teacher.

She was so lucky. I wanted to sixty-nine with Kimberly. That would be so amazing. But Jack finally got his cock out. I shuddered at the idea of sliding my pussy down his cock. I closed my eyes, grit my teeth, and went for it.

I was Kimberly's whore. I would make her proud.

To be continued...
