I Woke Up with Cum on my Face
by SheCallsMe_Daddy

Friendly neighbor cums on sleeping beauty's face.

Hi! My name is Korrina and I've got to tell someone about what's been going on the last six months. None of my friends would understand - they'd be horrified in fact - and I'm DYING to tell someone. So, my beautiful readers, I hope you don't mind me unloading this on you. I think you may literally be the only ones who would enjoy this predicament in which I find myself.

I live in a ground floor apartment that opens onto a courtyard, and while there is a railing and some plants separating my little sitting area from the courtyard, there have always been direct sight lines from my place directly into the apartments across from me.

For the better part of the last year, the only apartment that has a direct sight line into my bedroom has been vacant. Now listen.. I'm no exhibitionist, but neither am I excessively modest. I love my body. I'm proud of my body. I've always been a sex positive person and am not shy. So if randoms happen to see some skin, well, happy fucking birthday!

So when the tall, gorgeous man moved into that apartment directly across from me, I realized that maybe I need to be a little more conscious of 1) my nudity around the house and 2) keeping blinds closed a little more often.

Well..... what can I say, I like fresh air and I love natural light.

Shortly after he moved in I went and introduced myself. His name is John and fuck my life he's gorgeous. Mid-40's, thick brown hair. Beautiful hazel eyes. 6'2" with an athletic build. Charming, funny and I knew right away that I would have trouble not fucking him silly! I'm pretty sure though that getting involved with a neighbor is a recipe for disaster! So, we chatted for a while, I played with his two black labs and said goodnight.

After getting home that first night, I couldn't get the sight of his VPL (visible penis line) out of my head. He was wearing these amazing burgundy joggers from Vuori that hugged everything nicely. I don't know if he regularly goes commando, but it was my fault for showing up unannounced and I certainly have no room to criticize as I regularly wear very little when not expecting anyone. Anyway, he apparently has a gorgeous cock and my pussy very much noticed. I fucked myself silly as soon as I got home!!

...it was only afterward that I rolled over and in my post-orgasm fog noticed the blowing nearly transparent linen drapery that was half open in the patio doorway that was also halfway open. While the overhead light wasn't on, my bathroom light very much was and bathed my entire bedroom in enough light to backlight my body in everything I had been doing.

Momentarily overcome with embarrassment, I quickly recovered and slipped a finger back inside my pussy. Still twitching, post orgasm and obviously still sopping wet, I lifted my head and peeked over in the direction of John's apartment. All the lights were off, but I could have sworn I saw movement of the horizontal blinds in the window that would be his bedroom.

With a smile I got up to brush my teeth and wash my face for bed - still naked - and went to bed that night with thoughts of him rubbing his cock at the sight of seeing my legs spread and pussy whimpering with orgasm.

So that's how it started. Life went on and I resumed my typical behavior. I tried to be more conscious of what he and others may or may not see, but at the end of the day, maybe I do have a bit of exhibitionist in me. Whether turned on at the thought of being seen, or simply not caring, I don't know - maybe it's a little bit of both.

I too noticed occasionally that John had inconsistent attention to his own blinds to his bedroom and living room. It became a fairly consistent occurrence that I saw him making coffee or getting a bottle of Topo Chico from his refrigerator completely naked. Beautiful body and a glorious fucking cock! Watching for these sightings became distracting. My favorite were glimpses of him walking around with a hard cock. I found it erotic to see the highly sexual visual of a beautifully perfect hard cock in somewhat domestic scenarios.

More often than not after seeing him I ended up fucking myself. We'd occasionally make eye contact as I suspect the feelings of distraction with each other's body was mutual. Don't get me wrong, we weren't being bluntly obvious, but over the course of a given week there may be a handful of sightings. Just rarely enough to make it novel and exciting.

This went on for three or four months and honestly the dynamic became a very nice addition to my life. I'm very single and at the moment not interested in a relationship, but this interplay provided a fun eroticism that was lacking.

One night.. the night IT started, I was particularly horny! I have aggressive r@pe fantasies and they mostly revolve around having my ass brutalized. I've never had anyone with whom I could really explore these interests, so when I'm alone I love fucking my ass with dildos and fantasizing I'm the girl in the movie Taken or caged like an animal and having my ass used repetitively for the enjoyment of a waiting line of men. Glory holes.. Blackmailed for the use of my ass... there are too many fantasies to count. Anyway, this night I was on my stomach with legs splayed and an 8" cock the majority of its way inside my ass,, pointed at John's apartment. Dimly lit so as not to be too obvious, but still, being watched in this state became part of the fun. After utterly destroying my own ass and an earth shattering orgasm, I quickly fell asleep, dildo tossed across the room - too tired and satiated to really do much in the way of actually preparing for bed.

I love feeling the breeze of an open door and I've been lulled into complacency by the secure property. During the warm weather months, I sleep with the door open...

I slept as if I'd been drugged that night. Deep sleep. Waking the next morning to my internal alarm clock at 7:30, I rolled over and stretched. Warm and happy. My mop of long hair laid about me, so grabbed a hair band off my bedside table and wrestled it into a bun. Running fingers through my hair though, it got caught in something crunchy that tangled my fingers, but thinking nothing in the moment, I worked around the tangle to get it tamed.

Sitting up and shaking the sleep fog from my mind, I had a growing realization that something was off. Moving my face, it almost felt like I had a mud mask on parts of my face. Smoothe to the touch, but crunchy when I actually tried to move my face, I moved to the bathroom mirror and couldn't see anything obvious. Pulling my hair down, I felt through my hair and found the crunchy tangles. It felt the way that it does after I take a face full of cum. Did I mention that I have a penchant for walking around in public immediately after taking a facial?

But I hadn't.. I haven't been in front of a cock in WAY too long! Washing my face with water, it felt exactly the way cum feels when being rehydrated and washed off. And the unmistakable smell.

IT WAS CUM AND IT WAS ON MY FACE AND I HADNT BEEN WITH ANYONE!!

Panic truly set in. My mind raced and I looked around my apartment. I truly freaked out.

Then a whisper of an idea took root. Did John do this to me? I knew he probably watched me r@pe my own ass, but would he have come in overnight,,, and, cum on me? Did he actually stand over my sleeping body and masturbate to completion, cumming on my face, and just leave?!?! I knew I should have been angry. Livid! I should have put clothes on and barged in on him and ripped him a new assbole (like I secretly wanted him to do to me).. I should have called the police for sexual assault.

But I quickly realized my pussy was wet. Because the images of him standing over me were too delicious to even admit to myself. So I didn't do anything. I put my hands to my cheeks. And I smelled my hair. And I ran some strands through my lips looking for his taste. Searching for the flavor of his cum, whose cock I'd never even touched.

I was shocked. I was turned on. But more than anything, I loved the supposed idea of anonymity in the experience.

I showered and went about my day that first time, not changing anything about my usual activities. I didn't abruptly close my blinds or change anything about my visibility. I didn't all of a sudden close my patio door at night. I didn't see him for the better part of a week, so I intentionally timed things so I'd see him in the common area of the property - not unusual that we'd see each other and we often now chatted when we did. I cheerily said hi, not indicating that I thought anything different. Clearly his actions the other night were done in the fog of his own horny state, because I saw a split second of fear, or was it shame, before he recovered with a smile. He must have been thankful he had "gotten away with it". Perhaps he thought I hadn't noticed? Anyway, I flirted heavily and resumed our previous tone of banter. Satisfied he didn't think I knew, or in any event thought things back to normal, I made an excuse to leave and told him I'd see him later.

Things returned to relative normal - to the extent that "normal" is this unspoken game of mutual partially veiled exhibitionism and voyeurism.

I really thought that his assault - let's call it like it is - would be a one time thing. I thought he looked scared to death when I saw him after the first time, and regardless of his getting away with it, I didn't think he'd ever dare enter my place again unannounced. Though with that said, I'd started watching him masturbate too, and now understood the drive to cross the courtyard and have my way with him.

We both became a bit more brazen in our nudity, though we kept it to sight lines that only the other of us would be able to see. Well, with the exception of the occasional person who walked through the courtyard, which happened occasionally and I was surprisingly unashamed for them to see me - male and female alike.

On more than one occasion I'd even waved at him when I had obviously caught him doing nothing but watching me. And to his brazen credit, he never awkwardly averted attention or pretended not to see me. It was on those occasions most frequently that he would masturbate that night, and I knew what he was thinking as I watched him stroke that magnificent cock. It wasn't huge - 6.5" or so - but my god it was perfect. Glorious mushroom head and a slight upward curvature. If I wasn't enjoying this so much, I'd ask to spend time doing nothing but worshiping his cock.

It's like we both thirsted for the other, but this exhibitionistic interplay fed a kink that at least I never knew I had - so neither one of us took steps to forward the interaction. Even when I wasn't masturbating with purpose, I would often stand with a leg up or sit with legs spread - obviously in view - and diddle my pussy for a few minutes. This only served to prime me further for aggressive self-fucking later that night, which I always hoped he was watching.

A good 45 days after the first incident of him sneaking in and cumming on my sleeping face, I was in another of my kinkier moods and spent a good hour edging myself to all kinds of porn content on my phone. I'd stumbled onto a Czech string of videos where a series of women were presented in glory hole style to a bunch of men in attendance. Some were standard glory holes where men would be sucked off. Others presented their pussies with the lower half of the women spread eagle and legs suspended so a man could simply walk up and fuck the pussy he wanted. Yet others were presented similarly, only in doggy position so that both pussy and asshole were available for use. I found myself in a fantasy that I was one of those women whose ass appeared to be the favorite and was being used over and over. Anal cream pies serving as lubricant for the next cock, my ass gaping wide and ready.

I fucked my ass hard in direct line of sight to John and finished with an orgasm that I couldn't control and was louder than usual.. After the earth shattering orgasm subsided I hoped to god I hadn't called his name, as my patio door was open and drapery pulled aside. In any event, the post-coital brain fog took over and off I drifted to sleep. As usual after these orgasms, I slept long and hard, dreams continuing the subject matter of the fantasies I'd just played out.

I woke the next morning, well rested and happy, smiling to myself at some of the dreams I remembered having. Right away I knew.. My face had that dried mud mask feeling and I touched the smooth, dried cum that covered my forehead, cheeks, mouth and upper chest. Impressive - that must have been a gigantic load! Running hands through my hair, it too was tangled in places, crunchy as I again wrestled it up into a bun. That dirty mother fucker!!!

This time I wasn't as shocked or scared as the first time I woke to having my face used as a cum rag. Rather, I got out of bed and went about my Saturday morning, though with my pussy tingling at my new kink of being used this way. I didn't brush my hair and I didn't wash my face. I wore his cum the rest of the day until I actually did need to shower.

John didn't act as skittish this time as he did the first time. We continued our little dance without interruption. We chatted regularly out in the courtyard and in common areas of the property, and our intentionally unintentional nudity continued in our respective apartments.

Shortly after this second occurrence, we were both out at the pool on a random weekday afternoon. Turns out we both had a quiet afternoon and decided to take advantage of the nice, sunny, early summer sunshine. Seeing him before he saw me, I *may* have pulled my already relatively small bikini bottom further up my ass. And well, my DDD boobs need no help in drawing attention.

I set up my stuff on the lounger right next to his and cheerily said hi. I jumped in the water right away to get wet and climbed out of the pool via the ladder that was directly in front of him. He watched the whole time.

I laid face down on the lounger next to him and we chatted nonchalantly. After I had mostly air dried, I picked up the bottle of sunscreen I'd brought (though knowing to myself I'd already applied and didn't need it), and handed it to him, asking if he'd rub me down. No,,,, what I actually said was "John, will you please rub some cream on me please?"

God I wish I could have seen his face. He sort of stammered and responded quickly that he'd be happy to.

Obviously a gentleman, at least in the waking hours, he applied liberally to my back and shoulders - strong hands might I add - and moved from lower back to thighs and the rest of my legs.

Teasing him, I asked he wanted me to get a sunburn on my ass, to which he stumbled over his words and said that he guessed he didn't.

Directing him further, I asked him to "rub it into my ass please", which he complied with happily.

Once asked, he wasn't shy. Filling the gap from lower back to upper thigh, he even slid hands underneath the bikini bottom, wedged in my ass. He kneaded my cheeks like dough and reached ever so closely to my asshole and pussy as he applied the cream, ever so slightly pulling my cheeks apart to do it.

My pussy was SINGING at the attention and I wouldn't have been mad had he finger fucked my holes right then and there. But no... he didn't. Feeling like he was finished, I asked him to replace my bikini bottom up my ass as it was. And in his response I heard the breathy hormones of a man that was on edge. I felt him take two hands and with delicate fingers replace my bikini bottom even further up my ass than it was minutes before.

Trying to hide my own needs, I simply thanked him, saying I wanted to minimize tan lines. With a chuckle, he responded that it was his pleasure.

I looked over at him and drank him in, saying "yes, it looks like it was your pleasure" pulling my sunglasses down and eying the clear and very large bulge he had in his already snug fitting swim trunks.

He responded with his own quip, "you know you like it and that you did this to me on purpose", interlocking his hands behind his back and relaxing. Not even attempting to hide his massive erection.

I wondered how many people were watching this from the windows that overlooked the pool, and further, if any were masturbating as a result.. Seriously, where did this new infatuation with other people masturbating to me come from?! I mean, I know I have a great body for my age and that partners have gotten off to nudes that I've sent. And I have been known to "show my tits" on occasion, at Eeyore's annual birthday celebration in Austin, random music festivals and the like.. But I guess intentionally instigating someone to cum is a new thing for me. And I was actually liking it.

Anyway, I digress.. I loved that John didn't push the subject or try to escalate our little dance. The rest of our poolside tryst stayed innocent-ish. We chatted about travel and his dogs, work and new favorite restaurants in Austin.

When I say "ish", well,,, that's because I may have done something kind of naughty after turning over to lay on my back. At this point we were both laying on our backs, loungers propped up a bit so our legs extended but backs were somewhat upright.

Pussy still tingling, I spread my leg closest to him over a bit further and slid my hand just barely down my bikini bottom such that my middle finger barely reached my clit. Nothing about this was entirely discreet, but neither did I go full on spread eagle and pull my bikini aside. Anyway, while we were chatting I lightly played with my clit. Not so much as to make attempt at cumming, which I EASILY could have, but she just needed a little attention, so for around 3 minutes or so I played. We both kept up conversation and to his credit he didn't say anything. But he definitely noticed. And his erection came back to life. Which I loved!!

After another 20 minutes of conversation, I was starting to burn despite the sunscreen and decided it was time to leave. I packed up my stuff and told him I'd see him later, but before going I reached down and gently patted his cheek, suggestively telling him to be a good boy.

His response was delicious, saying "you know I won't"..

Walking back into my place I immediately hit the shower to wash off the liberally applied sunscreen and rubbed out two quick orgasms, knowing I'd be worthless for the rest of the day if I didn't!!

I knew our pool interaction had to have left a mark on his mind and for the rest of that day I had a plan in mind. The most important part of this plan was NOT to fuck my self silly right before bed because I didn't want to sleep as deeply that night as I usually do after a hard orgasm prior to bed. But I did want to sink the bait further, so before bed, I took a hot shower and in front of my bedroom full length mirror (visible to John) applied body lotion all over and made sure to make a bit of a show about it. I rubbed my boobs for a good long time and even played with my pussy and asshole for a few minutes. God, the show made me horny, but I was committed.

Finished my usual nighttime routine and turned the lights off for bed - as usual, patio door open and shades not all the way closed.

It took me a while to get to sleep, listening for every little sound that might indicate his approach, but before long I really did doze off. I should say that I'm generally a pretty sound sleeper and my sleeping position, as far as I know, is usually either on my back or laying on one side. And to John's benefit (and my own??) I typically sleep on one side of the bed, as opposed to sleeping in the center of the mattress.

Anyway, this night, I woke to an unusual sound - what must have been shuffling of the drapery and a certain someone negotiating the half-open patio door. I woke quickly, though I wasn't startled and didn't make a sound or change of body position.

I was already on my back with my head turned toward the side of the bed that I was on. I sleep naked and on this warm early summer night the light covers of my bed were down to waist level. My face, breasts and just a hint of pussy on display.

I had no idea what time of night it was and I didn't care. No other sounds filled the night.

He walked quietly to my bed and stood tall over me. It was dark in my room, with the only light being that of the moon and LED light from my phone charger in the corner nearest him. To be safe, I kept my eyes closed tightly and maintained deep breathing as if sleeping. I'd imagined him always just walking in, jerking off, and leaving. What I didn't expect occurred next.

Warm hands gently cupped the sides of my breasts. Initially a very soft touch, and I could hear him holding his breath and watching for signs of my waking. When I remained steady he fondled, rolling them and massaging them in his hands. John was groping me as I slept. I felt one hand leave my boobs and the top sheet was moved lower on my body to expose my pussy.

I hadn't bargained for this. I thought he would just cum on my face and leave. Extremely soft to the touch, he ran his fingers around my pussy and even slid a finger between my warm, inviting folds. I struggled to keep my breathing even, conscious that any change could spook him. Why wasn't I stopping him? Did I have a limit? Would he fuck me? Would he fuck my mouth? Why does the thought of being a series of holes to be used turn me on?

After he had had enough of fondling mg body, he stood up and I heard him fishing his cook out. Only now did I crack one of my eyes, being careful to maintain breathing and all other appearances as I had. In the dim light I could see his perfect cock only inches from my face. My relatively tall bed meant that my face was literally just below his outstretched cock, his hand already sliding up and down its length. I could hear his hand sliding back and forth. I don't know if he used lube or spit, or maybe just copious amounts of precum, but it sounded wet. My mouth watered. I wanted to taste his cock. Feel the soft mushroom head down my throat. His pace was slow initially, but it was growing in speed and his breathing was more ragged. I could tell he was lost in the fog of his building orgasm and so I was able to watch more closely. It was beautiful. It was violent. I could feel the urgency of his need to cum all over me and I welcomed it. I wanted to bathe in his orgasm and gargle his cum.

It was coming and I could tell. I closed my eyes and focused on my breathing. Focused on not responding. I've watched "poker face" porn videos where the girl pretended to be a sex doll. And that's what I mentally channeled as the initial torrent of cum shot me hard in the face. One, two, three, four ropes of cum covered me. In my hair. He aimed the last few partial shots on my boobs and down toward mg pussy. I've never really been with a heavy cummer before, so I was shocked and struggled to maintain composure.

I watched through cum covered eyes as his fist squeezed the last bit of cum from his cock and he shook it onto me, depositing the last of his load on me. My supposed unconscious body. As quietly as he came, he quickly wrestled his cock back into his shorts and snuck back out the way he came.

After I was sure he'd left, I wiped the cum from my eyes and felt my face, drenched in his cum. I ran my hands down my body and reached into my pussy which was gushing wet, begging to cum.. so I did.... I tasted his cum. I bathed in it. I lathered my body in it, fingering my pussy the whole time. He tasted so good. There was so much of it. And in my mind I went to scenarios of him fucking my unconscious body. Braving a gag reflex for him to scull fuck me while I slept. I wanted to be his rag doll. And with that in my mind I came violently.

After my orgasm subsided, I fell immediately to sleep and slept deeply until daylight woke me. Again, I felt the familiar caked feeling as I woke. I was so happy. So satisfied.

Getting up to get dressed I noticed how happy my skin seemed to be. You hear bros joke so often about semen being good for the skin, but like seriously. I was glowing!!

It had only been a few days between the second and third occurrence, and I wondered how this would evolve. Would he get bored? Or would this become a regular thing? I don't know what his work schedule is that allows him to seemingly stay up all night, but I was here for it. I found myself leaning into the depravity of being his proverbial cum sock. His cum dumpster to be used.

While part of me wanted to get absolutely pounded by that cock, I guess for now, I love being the thing onto which he cums. And for my face to be his primary sexual outlet.

What do you even call this kink? Is it a fetish? I guess it's free use, but like not really because he's not even using my mouth or anything to actually cum. I mean there's the exhibition/voyeur aspect, but that's really the foreplay. I don't know. Whatever you call it, I'm loving it.

So this sort of became the new normal and yes, it ended up happening at least once but occasionally twice per week. Often times I'd fuck myself silly before bed and those nights I'd definitely not wake up for the show, but as the summer progressed and the temps higher I'd sleep without much cover at all. And those nights I know he was outright playing with my body before he came....at least that's what I'd like to think.

Occasionally, I'd wake up and enjoy the show, most of the time it was the same sequence of events. He'd come in and have his way with fondling my body, before jacking off all over me. And every time without fail, I'd use his cum as body lotion as I fucked myself immediately after he left.

I also found that the events before bed occasionally impacted what he did to me while he thought I was sleeping. One night for example, I'd gotten a new pair of heels delivered and I was excited to try them on. I love my legs and they look amazing in heels. I'd never had a pair, but broke down and ordered a pair of Louboutin So Kate pumps. Black calfskin leather with the famous red bottom soles. Fuck, I looked hot. So I walked around in them, just with panties on. Modeling for "myself" in the mirror and ended up in bed masturbating with them on. I came to the image of John bending me over while wearing them and fucking me silly!

Anyway, that night I woke to the usual shuffle of noises, but instead of him stopping at my pussy before jacking off, he moved to the foot of the bed and started massaging and playing with my feet. What is it with boys and feet?!! Sure enough, I felt him slide his cock between my feet, effectively giving himself a footjob with my unconscious body. I'd kind of hoped he would cum on my feet just because I'd never had that happen before but, he didn't. He must have gotten close though because he stopped only to quickly walk over and immediately give me my facial that I also loved. I love this man's cum!!

This pretty much brings us current. I'm his cum slut without him actually using my holes.... Hmm.

I'm wondering if I should advance this interaction or just continue as we are. I do know for sure though that I want to try sleeping on my stomach. I've told you how much I love my ass to be used and I know he's seen dildos deep in my ass. I wonder if he'd finger my ass or maybe even lick it while I sleep. I might try that soon.

Thank you so much for listening. Again, I had to tell SOMEONE and I know my friends would never understand. I know they'd see me as some disgrace of a woman. But I can't help it. I just want to debase myself with him and take his cum anywhere he wants to put it!

I'll write again.. thank you!
