Author: MikeCA
Title: The Night in Mary's Room
Part: Chapter 9
Universe: Pure Strip Poker
Summary: Lary meets Mary and is drawn into a series of strip poker games as their relationship slowly develops.
Keywords: MF, strippoker, oral, Msolo
===========================================================
WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS MATERIAL OF A SEXUAL NATURE, AND 
MAY INCLUDE GRAPHIC DESCRIPTIONS OF CONSENTUAL SEX. IF YOU FIND 
SUCH MATERIAL OFFENSIVE, ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, OR THE STATE 
OR COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU RESIDE PROHIBITS SUCH MATERIAL, THEN 
DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER. THIS STORY IS EROTIC FICTION INTENDED 
FOR ADULT ENTERTAINMENT. THE AUTHOR DOES NOT NECESSAARILY 
CONDONE OR ENDORSE THE BEHAVIOR DESCRIBED IN THIS STORY. ALL 
PERSONS AND EVENTS IN THIS STORY ARE FICTITIOUS AND ANY 
SIMILARITY TO PERSONS LIVING OR DEAD OR TO ACTUAL EVENTS IS 
PURELY COINCIDENTAL.
===========================================================

Pure Strip Poker

By MikeCA (mikeca42@gmail.com)

@(C) Copyright 1999 by MikeCA, all rights reserved, except those 
described below. Permission is granted to download, archive, and 
repost provided that the contents are not altered, including the 
disclaimers, copyrights and limitations on use and provided that no 
fee is charged for access.


Pure Strip Poker

Chapter 9 The Night in Mary's Room

"Well... Jill's idea of tying you to the bed sounded interesting, but... I 
figured... we could practice some more..."

"I thought that's what you'd ask for," Mary said with a smile. "Let's 
get your pants off." 

Mary reached down and unzipped my jeans. I quickly took my shoes 
off and slipped off my jeans and jockey briefs. My erection stood 
straight out pointing at Mary, and she grabbed the shaft with her hand 
and stroked it slowly back and forth a few times.

"Let's get on the bed," I said.

I pulled off my shirt and lay down on the bed. Mary crawled on the 
bed and reached out with her hands to grab the shaft again and began 
to slowly massage it up and down. She reached out with her tongue 
and ran it up the underside from the base to the tip. Mary looked up 
and as her eyes met mine she smiled. Then she took my whole 
member into her mouth and began to move her head up and down. 
Mary's lips massaged the shaft and her tongue side back and forth on 
the sensitive underside of the head. 

Having spent the last several hours playing strip poker with several 
young ladies, it did not take long for this stimulation to produce its 
intended result. I tried to hold back as long as I could, but I exploded 
in Mary mouth. This time Mary just kept going, her head moving up 
and down and her tongue sliding along under the head as I shot load 
after load into her throat.

Finally I pulled her head off because I had become too sensitive for 
this much stimulation. Mary swallowed with a funny expression on 
her face that made me believe this was not the tastiest thing Mary had 
ingested that day. Then she cleared her throat and smiled at me.

"Was that better?" she asked.

I was still in a daze, but I smiled back at Mary.

"Yeah...that was great."

Mary pulled a towel out of a draw and handed it to me to clean up and 
dry myself off. 

"I'm going to run down and rinse my mouth," Mary said. At the door 
she paused and looked back at me. "I hope you're not offended?"

"No. No. Not at all."

I found my underpants and started to get dressed. By the time Mary 
got back, I had my pants on and was just pulling my shirt over my 
head.

"I saw Sally down the hall," Mary said. "She said Carrie went over to 
Fred's dorm to try to make up for shoving him out the door without 
his clothes."

"How is she going to make up for that?"

"Oh...I'm sure she'll think of something to massage Fred's ego."

"Maybe she'll massage something other than his ego," I said 
sarcastically. We both laughed at that idea.

Mary walked over to one of the desks, pulled a book off the shelf and 
handed it to me.

"Here's Beth's Bible. Can you show me those dirty parts you 
mentioned this afternoon."

"Hmm. The New King James Version," I said. "Haven't seen this 
version before."

"Does that make a difference?" Mary asked.

"No. It shouldn't," I said as I opened the bible and thumbed past the 
Psalms, Proverbs and Ecclesiastes to The Song of Solomon.

"Here is The Song of Solomon. It's not very long, but it's really 
amazing. I don't know how it every got into the Bible."

"What's it about?"

"Well... it's a love song or poem. The language is real flowery and 
hard to understand, but I think the basic story is about a young girl 
who is put into King Solomon's harem, but really loves another young 
man, a shepherd."

"Ah. The eternal love triangle," said Mary.

"Yeah, basically that's it, but it's got all this semi-explicit stuff you'd 
never expect to find in the Bible. See how it starts."

     Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth-
     For your love is better than wine.

"That is sort of weird," said Mary.

"Over here is one of those weird passages. Listen to this."

     By night on my bed I sought the one I loved;
     I sought him, but did not find him.
     "I will rise now," I said.
     "And go about the city;
     In the streets and in the squares
     I will seek the one I love."
     I sought him, but I did not find him.
     The watchmen who go about the city found me.
     To whom I said:
     "Have you seen the one I love?"

     Scarcely had I passed by them,
     When I found the one I love.
     I held him and would not let him go,
     Until I had brought him to the house of my mother,
     And into the chamber of her who conceived me.

"What does all that mean?" asked Mary.

"Well, she wakes up in the middle of the night and runs around the 
city looking for her boyfriend. She finds him and drags him back to 
her house and into her mother's bedroom. Just to make sure you get 
the drift of what's going on, they call it the chamber of her who 
conceived me."

"What do they do? Is her mother there too?"

"Well, it doesn't really say. It just continues like this"

     I charge you, O daughter of Jerusalem,
     By the gazelles or by the does of the field
     Do not stir up nor awaken love
     Until it pleases.

"Oh, I think I know what that means," Mary said.

"It means that girls shouldn't be teases."

"It means you shouldn't play strip poker with boys unless your willing 
to do them some little favors afterwards," laughed Mary.

"Yeah, I guess you could say that. Oh... here is the really good part 
over in chapter 5."

     I sleep, but my heart is awake;
     It is the voice of my beloved?
     He knocks, saying,
     "Open for me, my sister, my love,
     My dove, my perfect one;
     For my head is covered with dew,
     My locks with the drops of the night."

     I have taken off my robe;
     How can I put it on again?
     I have washed my feet;
     How can I defile them?
     My beloved put his hand 
     By the latch of the door,
     And my heart yearned for him.
     I arose to open for my beloved,
     And my hands, dripped with myrrh,
     My fingers with liquid myrrh,
     On the handles of the lock.

"Wow," Mary exclaimed. "What is myrrh?"

"It's a sticky resin from a plant that was used like perfume."

"Yeah... Well, I think I know what she was doing."

"What?" I innocently asked.

"She wakes up at night after dreaming about her lover. She thinks he's 
at the door, and gets up to let him in, but he's not there, and she finds 
her hands covered with a sticky liquid. What do you think she was 
doing? She was... you know... playing with herself."

"Yeah, that's what I thought."

"Wow, I sure didn't know they had this kind of stuff in the Bible. I 
guess I should've paid more attention in Sunday School."

"They don't cover The Song of Solomon in Sunday School. They try 
to keep it a secret. You have to find that on your own."

"Well, I can see why."

I closed the book and looked up at Mary who had that devious smile 
again.

"What are you thinking now?" I asked.

"Want to play another game of strip poker?"

"What! Don't you think we've played enough of that tonight? Besides 
there's only the two of us."

"Exactly. We could play a one on one game. Winner gets all the 
favors he or she wants for the rest of the night."

"But..."

"But what Larry," Mary said. "Don't you want any more favors?"

"You know," Mary continued after a slight pause. "I have been 
thinking about this all week. Connie's story last week was intriguing. 
I just couldn't get that idea of playing a one on one strip poker game 
out of my mind all week. Our little side bet tonight made that game a 
lot more interesting, but what I really want is to play a one on one 
game with you."

If this was Mary's fantasy, how could I refuse her?

"Well...I guess," I said.

"Ok, let's play with the usual six pieces of clothes and let's just bet 
actual pieces of clothes. It makes it more exciting than using chips."

"With only six pieces or clothes, this may not last very long," I said.

"Oh, well we can play with no ante and the must open rule. Any pair 
can open. If you just fold, you only lose one piece of clothes each 
hand."

"I guess that sounds ok," I said. "What is the limit on raises? One 
piece?"

"Hey, we could play no limit," Mary said. "That would make it 
interesting."

"What? At dinner I thought you said ..."

"Not that kind of no limit," Mary said cutting me off. "No betting 
limit. It means you can bet all your clothes on the first hand if you 
want to."

"That could get the game over in a hurry," I said.

"Yeah, no limit is very tricky. It takes a lot of skill to win. If you are 
too careful, then the other person will bluff you all the time and you 
will loose slowly. If you are too aggressive, you will bet all your 
clothes on the wrong hand. Do you think your up for it Larry?"

"I guess so," I said. Something in my pants seem to be getting up 
again anyway.

Mary found a good deck of cards in her desk, and we sat down on the 
floor in the middle of her room.

"You want to play the winner keeps the underwear rule too?" Mary 
asked.

"As long as you promise not to run out of here with my clothes and 
make me go down to the lounge to get them back."

"I wouldn't do that to you," Mary said with a laugh. 

Mary shuffled the cards and dealt us each a hand. I picked my cards 
and looked at real junk, an ace, king, ten, eight and four. This was not 
a good start. 

"Can you open, Larry?"

"No," I said.

"Well, I can open," Mary said, as she removed her shoes and put them 
in the center.  I took my shoes off and placed them in the center too.

Mary took three cards and so did I, but they didn't really help. I still 
just had an ace high. Since Mary had opened and taken three cards, 
she clearly had at least a pair of something. I was beaten.

"I'm opening for one," Mary said, as she took off her socks and 
placed them in the middle. 

"I'm folding," I said.

Mary smiled and dragged the winning out of the middle.

"Let's play the underwear only rule, otherwise we are going to be 
putting clothes on and off all night," Mary said.

"Yeah, that's ok," I said. Mary had just given me a blowjob, it wasn't 
like I had anything to hide.

Mary pushed the cards over to me and I shuffled and dealt out the next 
hand. This time I got a slightly better hand, a pair of eight's. I really 
needed a third eight or another pair to make this hand a sure winner, 
but there was some chance it might win without improvement.

"I'm opening for one," Mary said, putting my shoes in the center.

So Mary had at least a pair of something too. This did not look good. I 
took off my socks and saw the must open bet. I took three cards, but 
Mary only took two cards. 

I picked up my three cards praying for a third eight, but it wasn't 
there. I still just had a pair of eight's. Did Mary have three of 
something, or did she have a pair and an ace kicker? If she did just 
have a pair, was it a low or high pair?

"I'll start the betting for one," Mary said, placing her shoes in the 
center.

I decided Mary must have three of kind or a high pair, so I folded 
again. Mary just smiled and pulled our shoes and my socks over next 
to her.

Mary shuffled the cards and dealt them out again. Was I being too 
careful? Had Mary just bluffed me? I just had to get some decent 
cards.

I picked up my next hand, and once again had just junk, an ace, ten, 
nine, five and four. 

"Can you open?" Mary asked.

"No," I said.

"Either can I. Give me back the cards. I'll deal another hand."

Mary shuffled again, and this time I finally had something, a pair of 
jacks. I pulled my shirt off and dropped it in the center.

"I'm opening," I said.

Mary pushed my shoes into the pot. We both took three cards. With 
Mary taking three cards, I figured the odds were good I had this hand 
won, so I stood up and unfastened my pants. As I slid them down my 
legs I noticed a big bulge in the front of my jockey shorts and a wet 
spot beginning to form.

"I'm betting one," I said.

Mary looked at me for a few seconds, then reached for the clothes pile 
next to her and picked it all up and dropped it into the pot.

"I'm seeing your bet and raising you two," she said.

Raising me two! I only had two pieces of clothes left. This was what 
Mary was talking about when she described no limit. I was either 
going to have to risk it all on a pair of jacks, or let Mary have my 
pants. If I folded, I only had two pieces of clothes left. I needed to win 
a hand badly, and given the cards I had been getting, maybe this was 
my best shot.

I got up and pulled off my undershirt and dropped it in the pot. Then I 
whipped down my jockey short and casually dropped them in the pot, 
before slowly sitting down. I made no effort to hide my erection, 
which poked up between my legs.

"Ok, what have you got Mary?" I said.

"Oh...nothing really," Mary said with a smile. She laid down a queen 
high. She had been trying to bluff me.

"A pair of jacks," I said as I spread my cards. I wondered if Mary had 
bluffed me on the first two hands? 

I pulled my jockey shorts back on and my undershirt. I had won back 
all my clothes now, plus Mary's shoes and socks, but the underwear 
rule said I could only put my underwear back on. I stacked the rest of 
the clothes next to me.

I dealt the next hand, and once again I got just junk, an ace, king, 
seven, four, and a three. 

Mary unbuttoned her blouse and dropped it into the pot.

"I'm opening for one," she said. 

I put Mary's shoes in the pot for my opening bet. We both took three 
cards. When I picked up my three cards, I saw a second ace. I now 
had a pair of aces. Mary had taken three cards, so she only had a pair 
before the draw, so this looked very good.

Mary stood up and unzipped her jeans. She slid them down her legs 
revealing her white panties again. She dropped the jeans in the pot and 
sat down. 

"I'm opening for one," she said.

I immediately picked out Mary's socks plus my shoes and socks and 
added them to the pot.

"I'm raising two," I said with a smile.

Mary looked at me smiling too. "That figures," she said. Mary stood 
up and unfastened her bra straps. Holding the bra in front with one 
hand, she threaded first one arm and then the other out of the straps. 
Then she pulled the bra away and Mary breasts seemed to leap out of 
her chest. Mary dropped the bra into the pot and then pulled her 
panties down to her ankles and sat down. Although she tried to hide it 
between her legs, I saw the mound of curly dark hair between her 
legs.

"Ok, what have you got Larry," Mary said.

"A pair of aces," I said with a smile figuring Mary only had a high 
pair and I was about to get my second `favor' of the evening.

"Not good enough," Mary said. "Two pair, eight's and threes."

Mary had drawn a second pair! How could I beat that kind of luck? 
Mary grabbed her panties and pulled them back on. Then she pulled 
her bra back into place and fastened it behind her. 

Mary shuffled the cards for the next hand. 

I was in trouble again. In my enthusiasm to strip Mary, I had lost my 
shoes and socks again. With a forced smile I picked up my new hand 
and found a pair of nines. I looked up at Mary, but she had a very 
good poker face and I could not tell anything from her expression. I 
took off my shirt and dropped it in the pot.

"I can open," I said.

Mary put my shoes into the pot for her opening bet. We both took 
three cards, and my cards were no help. I still just had a pair of nines. 
This seemed like a very tricky hand. It might be the best hand, but it 
could easily be beaten too. If I bet my pants on it, Mary was almost 
certain to raise. Did I want to bet everything on a pair of nines?

"I pass," I said.

Mary calmly picked up my socks, and her shoes and socks and 
deposited them all in the pot.

"I'm betting three," Mary said.

Was she bluffing? With a pair of nine I didn't feel like finding out. I 
decided to fold and hope for a better hand.

"I'll fold," I said.

Mary smiled as she stacked the clothes from the pot. I shuffled and 
dealt the next hand. My hand was a ace high blank. Fortunately, Mary 
did not have anything either, so neither of us could open. I shuffled 
and dealt again. When I looked at this hand, my heart jumped. Two 
pair, kings and queens. This was the kind of hand I needed!

Mary put my shoes in the pot to open, so she had something this hand 
too. I put my pants into the pot. Mary took three cards, so she only 
had a pair before the draw. I, of course, took one card. 

Should I open with both my remaining clothes items, or should I let 
Mary raise me back? I decided to open with just my undershirt. If I 
opened with both, I might scare Mary into folding.

Mary stared at me for several seconds. "I fold," she said.

It must have been drawing only one card that gave away my hand. As 
I pulled my undershirt back over my head I wondered if Mary could 
read my hands from something I did. From previous conversations I 
knew that Mary was very good at guessing peoples hands from their 
behavior. Had I done something to give away my hand? I would have 
to try to be careful.

Mary dealt the next hand, and when I picked up the cards, I could not 
believe my good luck. I had two pair again, kings and eight's. I placed 
the shoes I just won in the pot to open. Mary put my socks in for her 
opening bet. Mary took three cards and I took one. 

When I picked up my new card, my heart jumped. It was another king. 
I now had a full house, an absolutely unbeatable hand in this game. 
What should I do now? Mary had folded last hand, so I decided to just 
bet one again. I put my pants into the pot.

"I bet one," I said, trying to put on my best poker face to not give 
away my hand.

Mary stared at me again for what seemed like eternity, but then she 
folded again. I had gotten two very good hands in a row, but Mary 
still had my shirt. 

I shuffled the cards and dealt another hand. I looked at my cards and 
found a pair of nines again. I really needed a third nine or another 
pair. Mary opened with my shirt, so she had at least a pair of 
something. I put my shoes in the pot for my opening bet. This time we 
both took three cards, so we both just had pairs before the draw, but 
what pair did Mary have?

"I'll bet one," Mary said as she pushed her shoes into the pot.

Did Mary have a higher pair or was she just trying to bluff me? 

"I'll see your bet," I said putting my socks into the pot. "Ok, what 
have you got."

"Two pair, kings and jacks," said Mary with a big smile.

I threw down my cards. How could I beat that kind of luck? She had 
drawn two pair again. Now I was down to just three items of clothes. I 
needed to win a hand soon.

Mary shuffled and dealt out the next hand. When I looked at my hand 
I couldn't believe it. I had a pair of nines again. One of the nines was 
different, but still this was the third time I had gotten this hand. I put 
my pants in the pot for my opening bet. Mary used my shoes as her 
opening bet. We both took three cards. 

I picked up my three cards and peaked at them. My heart skipped a 
beat when I saw a pair of kings. I now had two pair, and this time I 
had drawn three cards, so Mary should not be expecting it. I took off 
my undershirt and put it in the pot.

"I'm betting one," I said.

Mary immediately added my socks and shirt to the pot. 

"I'll raise you one," Mary said.

This was more like it. Now at least I would win a decent pot. I stood 
up and whipped my shorts down dropping them into the pot. I sat 
down with my erection sticking up between my legs.

"Ok, what have you got Mary," I asked.

"Three sevens," Mary said with a big smile. 

Mary had drawn three of kind! I dropped my two pair on the ground 
and Mary started to giggle.

"All right Larry," Mary exclaimed. "Now we can have some fun."

I looked down at my erection. Could I actually jack off in front of a 
girl? I had never done it with anyone, even another boy. I looked up at 
Mary again.

"Well...I suppose you want me to... jack off..." I said.

"If you're so excited you have to," Mary said with a smile. "But that's 
not the favor I had in mind."

"Oh...What favor did you have in mind?"

"Ahhh...I want you to...use your...tongue..." 

"Oh..."  

I had read about it in Penthouse Forum but could I really do it?

"Have you ever done it before?" Mary asked.

"Well...actually...no" 

"So this will be a first for both of us."

Mary stood up and slid her panties down her legs and stepped out of 
them. Then she looked at me and smiled. She reached behind and 
unfastened her bra. She let the bra straps slide down her arms as her 
breasts came free.

"Come on," Mary said beckoning me towards her bed. 

I got up off the floor as Mary laid down on her back with her legs 
slightly spread. I climbed over the end of the bed trying to remember 
what I had read. I kissed the white expanse of Mary's inner thigh. I 
kissed first one thigh and then the other, working my way slowly 
towards the objective. I kissed either side of the vulva, then took my 
fingers and gently spread the labia to reveal the bright pinkness 
hidden within. I took my tongue and slowly ran it up the vulva. It 
tasted funny, both salty and sweet. Mary moaned as my tongue hit the 
clitoris. I spread the labia more and began to slowly run my tongue 
back and forth across the clitoris. 

"Yes... yes... that's it," Mary moaned, placing her hands on either side 
of my head.

I flicked my tongue back and forth across the clitoris faster and faster. 
Mary moaned and gently pushed my head down. The initial salty taste 
was now gone. I ran my tongue back and forth pushing down harder. I 
looked up through the thicket of hair and the valley of the breasts as 
Mary rolled her head and moaned louder. I began to worry that 
somebody would hear, but now was clearly not the time to slow down.

"Oooohhhhh!" Mary moaned and arched her back, trusting her pelvis 
harder into my face. "Oooohhh...ooooohhhh," Mary cried as her body 
twisted left and right. Suddenly Mary pushed my head away and 
collapsed back on the bed. I climbed up and crawled over next to 
Mary on the bed and kissed her on the forehead. 

"Oh Larry... you fly me so close to heaven."

"Huh..."

Mary giggled. 

"It's from a song," Mary said. "But now I know what it means." Mary 
turned and looked at me.

"Hold me," Mary said. I wrapped my arm around Mary as she laid her 
head on my shoulder. Mary's breasts pressed against my chest. My 
erection stood straight up in the air, and Mary reached out and 
wrapped her hand firmly around it. Mary began to slowly massage it 
up and down. 

"Larry...can you finish..." Mary said with a smile. "I just want to learn 
how you do it."

I replaced Mary's hand with my own and began to rapidly stroke up 
and down. It did not take long. I arched my back and shot all over my 
stomach and chest. Mary sat up and handed me some tissue to clean 
up. 

Then we climbed under the covers and feel asleep in each other's 
arms.

Continued in Chapter 10

Comments, criticism, encouragement, corrections or suggestions are 
welcome. I try to answer all my email, although I sometimes get 
behind. MikeCA(mikeca42@gmail.com)
