Hi readers, this is Rohan and my email and from kolkata. This incident has happened a long back. So I am narrating the same and we have a group of 3 friends. One of them was Pratik and he had lost his father due to an accident a few years back.

His mother's name was Yogita and at that time she must be around 38 or40 years of age after death of Pratik's father, we used to go to his home so often just in case, Yogita aunty need any help.

So, one day, after coming from my college, I had my food and went to Pratik's home. Pratik opened the door and took me in. We then went to his room and were talking to each other. All of a sudden, Pratik's mobile rang up and it was his girl friend on the other line.

Pratik talked to her and after finishing up the call, told me that he will have to go urgently to his girl friend's house as her mother is not feeling well. Yogita aunty was well aware of Pratik's affair and she like his girl friend also.

He told me to wait in his house since Yogita aunty was to go out and gaswalla was expected to come there with the new gas cylinder. I told him that I will stay back, since I do not have any work.

Pratik then after talking to Yogita aunty, left home after some time, I needed to go to loo and went towards the toilet and I opened the door and was literally dumb shocked. Yogita aunty was seating on the commode and lifted her nighty up and with the closed eyes.

She was masturbating rigorously by putting her fingers inside her pussy. Yogita aunty was so engrossed in her masturbating that she even doesn't realize that I am in the house and looking at her.

I immediately left from there and went to Pratik's room. I was so hot by looking at the scene a few moments ago that it was very difficult for me to control my emotions. My rookie was hard and tall standing in my pants.

After some time, I regained my senses and I was totally shocked with what I saw a few minutes back. However, I could do nothing about it as I even can't think of advancing further since she was mother of my best friend after some time, door bell rang and the gasman came up with cylinder.

I gave him empty cylinder and took the new cylinder from him and put it in kitchen. I also paid the gasman and he went off and I came back again in Pratik's room.

Still my body was shaking with the scene after some time, Yogita aunty was calling me by my name and I thought that she must have completed her masturbation and then went to her room but Yogita aunty was not there.

I then went to kitchen to check her up but she was not there as well again I heard a voice of Yogita aunty and she was again calling me. This time, I took the direction of voice and she was calling me from toilet.

I then went near the toilet and called Yogita aunty. She told me to open the door of toilet. My heart was beating vibrantly. However, still I felt that she must have completed her masturbation and may not be feeling well and that's why.

She was calling me but when I opened the door, again I got shocked. Yogita aunty has completed her masturbation and her love juices were flowing out of her pussy. She was still naked below with her nighty folded up.

She called me inside. My heart was by now beating so fast that I felt that it will come out of my chest. I went inside the toilet and Yogita aunty told me to close the door and I close the door and stood in front of her.

She immediately took hold of my pant and removed it in a flash. She also removed my undi as well and both fell at my feet and I was now naked below with my rookie standing tall.

Immediately, Yogita aunty took hold of my dick and put it in her mouth. She started giving me a very nice blow job. I could not last long as already my dick was with pressure and I jetted my sperms inside her mouth.

She gleefully gulp each and every drop and cleaned my dick. Yogita aunty told me that Atul, I am literally dying for sex. Your uncle was very romantic and they used to do all sorts of role play and fuck her in every holes but after his sad demise, she left all alone at quite a young age.

For first few years, she had no such intensions but as the years passed by, her hunger for sex started getting out from her and but she could not have any affair due to her family status in the society.

And hence left with no alternative but to masturbate herself to calmed her down while telling me all this in toilet, she told me to come to bedroom. I took out my pant and undi and followed her in semi naked condition. We went in her bedroom and Yogita aunty parted with her nighty.

She was now stark naked immediately she came near me and removed my t-shirt. Now both of us were completely in our birth suit and Yogita aunty guided me to the bed and lay on her back. She told me that without wasting any time, fuck her hard.

I told her that it will take some time for my dick to get to its full size since I just ejaculated in her mouth. Listening to this, Yogita aunty got up and came above me in 69 position.

She got hold of my dick and pulled the foreskin immediately she took my entire dick in her mouth and once again started giving me a nice blow job. I was in seventh heaven and I then pulled her by her waist and took her pussy near my mouth.

Still it has remains of her love juices, which she ejaculated on toilet seat. First I licked all her juices and then put my tongue on her clit. Yogita aunty gave away a moan and started pushing her pussy over my face more rapidly at the same time and she was constantly giving me the blow job.

I also started licking her clit and entire pussy hole at the age of around 40-42, Yogita aunty was bit bulky and she was quite fleshy at her waist. Also she had a very big ass and equally big melons they must be around 42 D.

After continuous blow job for 15 minutes, my rookie started regaining its full size. Yogita aunty realised that and she got up from me and again lay on her back.

She told me to fuck her. I then immediately went between her legs and put the tip of my dick on her well lubricated pussy hole. She was weaving her head in anticipation of the pleasure she was going to get. Once I put the tip on her pussy.

I inserted it in one jerk and without a much fuss, it buried completely inside her pussy. She moaned once again and told me to fuck her harder and harder. She wanted me to cum inside her.

And has that pleasurable feeling of man's seeds inside her womb since after a few years of Pratik's birth, they decided that there should not be another child and hence she had done tubectomy. So there was no worry of getting her pregnancy.

By now, I was nicely warmed up and started stroking her pussy with medium speed. She was lifting her butts to match my strokes and to accommodate my entire cock inside her and slowly, my speed started increasing and with it Yogita aunty's moans as well.

We both were now in full flow and complete horny state. We were fucking each other with quite a brisk speed. Her body was shaking with my each and every stroke and she seems to enjoy it and her moans were also increasing. I fucked her for nearly 10 minutes and she had her first orgasm.

Her entire juices were flowing out and which made her pussy passage nicely lubricated. I was also by now giving her fast and furious strokes and within next few minutes, I also reached my pick and with a loud moan, started shooting my seeds deep inside Yogita aunty's lovely pussy.

I emptied all my seeds inside her pussy and then rested my head on her big melons. Yogita aunty was very happy the way I fucked her and she was caressing my hair with her hand after some time, we parted and started kissing each other passionately.

I had inserted my middle finger in Yogita aunty's ass hole and was giving her a nice finger fuck. She was arousing once again and after some time, she again requested me to fuck her but this time, I told her that I wanted to fuck her lovely ass hole.

Yogita aunty agreed readily and immediately went in doggy position by the time, she was caressing my cock rigorously and it again stood tall once she came in doggy style, I started shoving my dick inside her ass hole.

Yogita aunty was in a bit of pains but told me not to stop in no time, my complete dick was inside her ass and I started giving her in and out strokes.

Yogita aunty seems to be enjoying it and encouraging me to fuck her harder slowly I started increasing my speed and with that, she started moaning once again.

This time, her moans were a bit louder and she was enjoying my each and every stroke in her ass hole. I was also getting nicely warmed up and was giving her big thrusts in and out.

I fucked her ass hole for about 15 minutes and then with a loud moan, I started shooting my seeds once again, but this time in her ass whole. She was squeezing her butts to accommodate my entire cum inside her ass.

Once again I emptied myself and then we collapsed on the bed and came in each other's hug. We were kissing passionately and caressing each other's bodies. That day, we had another round of pussy fucking and it lasted for more than 20 minutes.

Yogita aunty was completely satisfied and thanked me for a nice and wonderful fuck. She told me that now on, she will get fucked from me whenever we get a chance. I readily agreed to it by the time, it was 5:00 pm, which means, we had our fucking session for more than 3 hours.

We then went to washroom together and cleaned each other dry. We then came out and pulled on our clothes. Yogita aunty made tea for us and we both had tea and breakfast at around 5:30 pm Pratik called me up.

He told me that doctor had seen his girl friend's mother and nothing is serious but she had some gastric problem. He told me that if I wish, I can leave as he will be there in next 15 minutes.

So, before leaving his house, Yogita aunty and me again came in each other's tight hug and then had a long kiss and I then left the home around 5:40 pm. So readers, as usual, please give me your feedback on idea2013@rediffmail.com anybody need my help, please let me know on my email id.