Daring
by w2714

Millie rediscovers her wild side.

Paul moved away a few months ago, but frequently returned to his hometown on business. He always stayed at the same trendy hotel, with a great bar off the lobby. Fit, trim and tall, he was used to getting attention when he entered the bar. Tonight was no exception.

She was cute - sandy blonde hair, curvy, drunk. More than a foot shorter than him.

"How tall are you?" she asked as she rubbed his arm and pressed her ample chest into his body. She reached for his shoulder length hair, brushing it back from his face.

"5' 18"" he replied. He could almost see the wheels turning in her head as she looked up toward him. Confusion, thought, then more confusion. Strikeout. He liked smart girls, and backed a step away towards the bar.

She followed him with her gaze finally saying, "I got it, 6' 6" right?"

"Yea" he said turning his back on the girl and headed toward the bar. She took the hint.

"How bout a Crown and ginger?" he asked the barman. He noticed a selection of mardi gras masks on the bar - and turned back around to take in the seasonal theme that he'd missed when he walked in - chalk it up to being distracted by Curvy. Lots of people wore beads, and several had donned a black mask. The bar was busy, and the patrons were having a good time.

"So, brushes off one girl, and doesn't even notice he knows the one he's sitting beside. How are you doing Paul?" said an attractive lady seated at the bar.

He turned his attention to his barstool neighbor. She was pretty - about his age, fit with shoulder length brown hair. She had on a cream colored blouse that buttoned in front. Her skirt was black and mid calf length. The outfit was totally appropriate for work, but showed off her nice figure and toned calves. Paul figured she stopped in for a drink on the way home. She looked familiar but he couldn't place her.

"It's Millie - we've played on a coed soccer team last year." she said, bailing him out of the awkward situation. She remembered he was the keeper, never married, and had a reputation as a bit of a playboy. They were friendly teammates, each respecting the other's skills, but never really more than acquaintances.

It came back to him. She was a talented midfielder, and always left shortly after the games to get back to her husband. She had a good personality, was cute and was a spunky player. "Oh, that's right. Used to seeing you with your hair back, and in uniform. I didn't recognize you in work clothes." said Paul.

"So why'd you pass her up?" asked Millie, nodding her head towards Curvy girl.

"A little too young, and lot a too drunk." he replied.

Millie laughed, "I didn't take you for such a gentleman." she teased.

"Oh, I'm not." he replied, with a twinkle in his eye and an intense stare. "On another night, I might have run with it. Tonight I thought I might find something more interesting."

Millie blushed.

"So maybe the rumors were true." Millie finally replied.

"Rumors?" Paul smiled. "About me? Ha - yea, they probably were. What about you? You were married as I recall. Looks like something changed there?" asked Paul.

"What?" said Millie taken off guard.

"You're at a bar, seemingly alone. I remember you were married, and it looks like very recently there was ring on this finger." he said, picking up her hand, and rubbing the base of her ring finger. "There's a story there, and you look like you need to tell it."

Millie let out a long sigh. "Is it that obvious?"

"Maybe not to everyone."

"Greg's been cheating on me. It's been going on a long time, but I've just found out. Apparently, I'm not daring enough, too vanilla, too boring in bed. I've been trying to make a life for us. I busted my ass working long hours so we could be in the right neighborhood with the right crowd and eventually the right schools. And while I'm working late every night, he's out fucking some bimbo. He says he wants to work it out, but I don't know. Recently, I realized I just don't give a shit about him anymore..... sorry, I guess I did need to let that out."

"His loss."

"And, I'm not boring and I can be just as daring as anyone." added Millie defiantly.

"Hmm... So you took off your wedding ring, and came out to this bar after work? That your idea of daring?" said Paul with a chuckle. "There are plenty of hot blooded young men here that you could use to even the score."

"Yea - I've already shot a few down tonight. One night of 'Wam, bam, thank you mam' somehow doesn't feel like getting even."

"What does?" asked Paul.

"Maybe he's right and I've gotten dull. Maybe I'm just not cut out for this." sighed Millie, sounding defeated.

"Ok Ms. Daring - I remember you as a pretty fiery player. Let's find out if that spark is still burning. Put this on and follow me." Paul stood up from his stool, grabbed one of the mardi gras masks, and pushed it into her hands. "We'll be back" he said to the bartender as he walked out of the bar to the open elevator leading to the hotel guest rooms. She followed, holding the mask, but stopped short of getting in the open elevator with him.

"Put the mask on. I won't bite... yet." said Paul with an easygoing laugh.

She felt drawn to him, and she put the mask over her eyes. His gaze was intense, unwavering, and as he stepped closer she felt a jolt of electric energy surge through her body.

She grabbed his outstretched arm, and stepped inside the elevator. Paul pressed the button for the top floor. She moved in close to kiss him, but he spun her around so she faced the mirrored doors. Paul stood directly behind her.

"You look good in the mask. It's sexy, says you're mysterious. Maybe even daring. Put your arms behind your back." said Paul as he rubbed her shoulders.

Millie complied.

He slid her purse off her shoulder, and carefully placed in on the floor of the elevator. Then reached toward her blouse and began unbuttoning it from the top down. She reached up to stop him.

"I'll stop if you want me to. If you want to do something daring, put your arms back behind your back, and let's see where it goes." said Paul.

Millie liked having his arms around her, and she wanted his touch. She slowly lowered her arms, and clasped her hands behind her back. Paul resumed unbuttoning her top. With 4 buttons undone, he pushed the blouse off of her shoulders, exposing her white lace bra. Without breaking eye contact with her in the mirror, he unhooked her bra, and pulled one arm out of her sleeve and out of the bra strap. He pulled that same arm back into the blouse, before letting if fall back by her side. He repeated the process with the other arm, removing her bra, and dropping it in his suit pocket.

The elevator stopped with ding, and she reflexively covered her breasts with her hands as the door opened.

No one was outside.

"You have great tits, Millie. Just the right size." said Paul as he stroked her upper arm. But you didn't follow the rules - you were supposed to leave your arms behind your back. Since you've already got your hands there, why don't you pinch your nipples for me? Seem daring?"

She was breathing quickly, and the risk excited her. She felt a familiar tingling down below, and closed her hands around her hardening nipples.

Paul's slid his hands down to her waist. "Now pull them." said Paul.

"What - you're crazy." she said, still holding her nipples between her fingers.

"Dare you" he whispered in her ear.

Millie gently pinched her nipples between her thumb and index finger, and pulled. It didn't do much for her, but she held the pose for a moment, unsure of what he wanted.

"There, happy now" she said before putting her hands back down by her sides.

The elevator doors shut.

"Not quite. Lift up your skirt." he said staring at her eyes in the mirrored door.

She gathered her skirt, and lifted the hem to her waist.

"Higher." said Paul as he knelt behind her.

Millie complied with his instruction, revealing her matching lace panties.

Paul ran his fingers from the outside of her knees to her hips. Soft caressing touches, before his fingers slipped under the waistband, and pulled her panties to her knees.

Ding. The elevator was back at the ground floor.

"You can drop your skirt now" said Paul, as Millie was frozen in position. She quickly complied with the instruction as the doors opened.

"Let's get back to our drinks. Join me if you'd like to continue." he said as he walked back toward the bar.

Millie quickly buttoned her blouse, and wondered what to do. Her panties were at her knees and Paul had just walked off with her bra. Her heart was racing, and she felt more alive than she had in a long while. She decided she wanted more just as a couple appeared outside the elevator. Millie stepped outside with her panties still at her knees, and starting taking small steps back toward the bar.

As Millie approached the bar, Paul was already seated and talking to the bartender.

"Ah, good. You decided to join me again. I was just telling John here you were out trying to do something daring." said Paul.

I think it would be daring for you to tell John where we went. Millie's jaw dropped but she said nothing.

"Are you too vanilla for that?" asked Paul with a wry smile.

Millie rose to the challenge "Um... to the elevator." she replied with a slight blush.

"And what happened there?"

"um" - what had happened there thought Millie. We didn't kiss, he didn't even touch me really. Ugh, I just let a man take off my underwear in an elevator. He could have fucked me right there she said inside her head. Her imagination ran with the thought, and the tingling intensified.

Paul broke the silence, "Here, I'll help you get started. Just answer yes or no to my questions."

"Did we kiss"

"no"

"Did you expect us to?"

"um... yes" she stammered.

"Did you show me something."

"um... well... yes" she chuckled.

"Are you wearing a bra"

"no" Millie said turning more red.

"And you were wearing one when you got to the bar."

"yes"

"Is this it?" said Paul, pulling her bra out of his suit pocket.

"yes"

"Well, let's see what you've got then." interrupted John.

"What?" asked Millie.

"Good idea - might be daring - lean forward Millie, and give John a nice downblouse." said Paul as he placed a long arm on her back, gently pressing her toward the bar.

Millie leaned forward, and even pulled her blouse away from her chest for John to see. Paul smiled, and stroked her hair. "Good girl." he said.

Millie looked at John and loved the way he looked at her tits. How long had it been since she'd felt wanted. She leaned back in her chair ending the free show.

"Are you wearing panties" continued Paul.

"sortof" said Millie.

John interrupted - "Lady, how do you sortof wear panties?"

"Well,.... they're... at my knees." she said quietly.

"Hah - well you've got me there. So that's why you were taking such odd steps back to your seat." laughed John.

"John, would you say Millie is daring?" asked Paul.

"Nah - you'd be surprised how many couples come in playing these kind of games. Seems a lot of women enjoy a little show. Gets things flowing, I expect. But not really daring. Just last week - hang on, got to get a couple drinks."

John got hung up at the other end of the bar, leaving them hanging on the "just last week" story, and Paul turned his attention back to Millie.

"So, you're not daring yet. Do you want to try again?" asked Paul.

"I don't know, Paul."

"Well, I'll enjoy your company while you think about it." said Paul. "In the meantime, let your panties fall to your ankles." said Paul.

Millie hesitated before moving her knees just so, and gravity did the rest of the work. Paul reached down with a long arm and plucked them from her dangling feet.

The couple enjoyed their drinks, Millie even getting a free refill thanks to her little show before Paul charged the bill to his room.

"Well, Millie, I'm headed up. Come along if you like." said Paul as he pushed his barstool back and stood up. Millie looked up at his face, his body, his crotch, and she wanted more. She stood up to follow, as Paul dropped her panties on the bar.

Millie followed Paul to the same elevator, and stepped inside. Paul was taking off his tie. "Turn around." Millie did as requested. "Arms behind your back." he said. Again she complied, allowing Paul to wrap the tie around her wrists, tying it snugly in place.

"That's so you can't cheat this time." said Paul. "15th floor, please".

Millie turned her head and looked back quizzically. How am supposed to that, she thought. Paul reached to her front and began unbuttoning her blouse. The cream blouse had 5 buttons. The top was undone for style and comfort, and Paul slowly released the next two. Millie's breath came fast, and she felt her heart racing. Surely he wouldn't she thought... knowing that he would. Overexcited, she leaned forward towards the elevator panel, pulling free of his hands, and pressed her head into the buttons. Floor 9 lit up.

"Not your best header." Paul chuckled as Millie straightened back up.

He found her shirt buttons again, and slid his strong fingers down the fabric releasing the 4th. The doors began to close as his fingers slipped down to the final one. Millie leaned forward, slowly this time, and pressed 15 with her nose. Smiling with her success, she stood back up straight as Paul released the final button.

He traced a single finger from her belly, to her sternum, between her breasts, and up to her neck. That same left finger traced her collar bone, to her shoulder, and halfway down her triceps. The blouse had no choice but to follow, slowly revealing her left breast.

Paul placed his right finger just below her flat belly button, and slowly slid it down towards her skirt. His long fingers slipped under the waistband, stopping just after reaching Millie's well groomed pubic hair. She gasped in anticipation, and leaned back into his chest.

"Not yet", he whispered in her ear, as he slowly moved his right finger along the same path his left had just taken, opening the blouse fully, revealing both of her c cup breasts and rock hard nipples.

"I wonder if anyone is on 9." he said as the elevator stopped with ding.

Millie's heart was racing again, and she felt a familiar tingle as her wetness built. No one was there as the doors opened. She couldn't quite believe it, but was feeling disappointed not to be seen. As the doors shut, she imagined getting caught. What would have happened next?

The next ding was for the 15th floor, and Paul nudged her out of the elevator, and held her arm as he made his way to his room. It was just a few doors down, so the walk was short. Once again, no one saw Millie with her breasts exposed and hands tied behind her back.

Paul swung the door open, and Millie followed him in. He walked directly to the room service menu. Puzzled, Millie watched as Paul picked up the small binder, walked back to the door, and slipped it under the door to prop it open.

The room was typical upscale hotel fair. Millie noticed the window shades were wide open, and there was another building across the street. Surely no one could see in. She was more concerned about that door.

Paul walked Millie inside the room and stopped her halfway in. He turned her body so she faced the bed, with one shoulder towards the open door, and another towards the open window.

"Don't move." said Paul as he took off his jacket and hung it in the closet. "If you ask me to take off your skirt, I'll close either the door or the window - your choice."

Ding - was that the elevator down the hall, thought Millie. It was and she heard voices.

"Take off my skirt." said Millie quickly.

"hmm, not very polite." answered Paul.

"Please, take off my skirt so you can shut the door." said Millie quietly as the voices were getting louder.

"Goodnight, John." she heard down the hall.

"What was that Millie," said Paul. "I didn't quite hear it all."

"Please, Paul, take off my skirt." said Millie loudly and quickly.

"My pleasure." said Paul as he stood face to face with Millie. Her tits grazed his chest as he reached around her waist and unzipped the skirt from behind.

"Knock, knock" said John, the barman, pausing in the doorframe. "You left these at the bar, I was going to slide them under the door." said John, holding Millie's panties. "They looked expensive." he added with a smile.

Millie gasped, and pushed harder against Paul's body to hide her topless breasts.

Instead of the reprieve she sought, Paul tugged her skirt down and it fell to her ankles. Millie pushed further into Paul's body, skirt at her ankles, and hands bound behind her back.

Ding - the elevator arrived again, followed by voices down the hall.

"Well Millie, seems you need to make a choice. Door, or window shade?" said Paul.

"Door." said Millie quickly.

"John is blocking the door. Should we invite him in so I can close it?" asked Paul.

"anything, yes, just shut it.... please." said Millie pleadingly.

"Please come in John," said Paul as he broke away from Millie's mostly naked body, and stepped to the door.

John stepped inside as Paul shut the door. John passed Paul, and now he stood in front of Millie. "Well, perhaps I was wrong about you." he said. "This is a bit daring."

Millie felt her face turning red as John pressed his palm into her breast. He pulled his palm away, closing his fingers together toward her nipple. He circled the hard bead, and she gasped when he pinched it with his thumb and index finger.

Still pinching her nipple, John wasted no time in sliding his other hand between her legs. A finger slid along her wet, willing opening.

"So wet." said John as he quickly found her clit and began massaging it with a finger. Millie was consumed with lust, and moaned with pleasure as she thrust her hips towards John's hand.

And just like that, John stopped. "I've really got to get back to the bar," he said, pushing his wet finger into her mouth. Millie sucked it willingly. "Little lady, you're daring alright, and I have feeling that's just getting started." He slowly pulled his finger from her mouth, and then walked toward the door.

Pausing, he turned to Paul saying, "Let me know if you need any help with this."

And then with a chuckle, "I think I'll leave it like I found it." as he pushed the binder back under the door.

Paul moved behind Millie and spun her so she faced the door, arms still behind her back with her wrists tied together. Her blouse was bunched behind her back, giving a full frontal view to anyone walking by.

Paul reached for her breasts. His touch was firm as he grabbed her breasts and tweaked her nipples. Each squeeze sent sparks from Millie's tits to her cunt. Paul slid one hand down her body, and slipped a finger inside her.

Millie hadn't been this wet in years. She pushed her ass back towards Paul, looking for the friction she needed. Paul pushed his thigh forward, between Millie's legs from behind, as Millie reached her bound hands towards his crotch.

Paul released her breast, so he could use both hands on her wet pussy. "Do you want me to shut the door or make you cum?" whispered Paul as two long fingers slipped inside her wet passage, while another found her clit.

Millie's only reply was to moan enthusiastically. Her breathing became heavy, punctuated by soft moans as she exhaled.

"Louder." Paul ordered. "I want to hear you."

"Oh, Oh, Ah, Ah, Ah..." Millie panted louder as Paul's touches brought her to the brink of climax. She wanted desperately to cum - she wanted to be heard, wanted to be seen, and was somehow getting even wetter with each thought. He slowed down.

"Don't stop, you bastard." said Millie as Paul slowed further. With the last word, he stopped altogether. Millie worried she'd ruined the moment. "Please, don't stop.... please." as she rocked her hips towards those magic fingers. "Please let me cum." she begged. "Please make me cum... please" she repeated.

Paul resumed the action, even picking up the pace.

"Yes, yes" breathed Millie. Paul slowed again.

"pleeease.... let me cum..." she begged again.

DING - the unmistakable sound of the elevator.

Paul's fingers became relentless - one hand in, out, in. Millie rocked backwards in unison to the delightful fingers. Paul's other was was circling, sliding, pressing on her magic button.

"Yes, yes, yes" panted Millie. "make me cum, make me cum."

Paul continued to work feverishly. A middle aged couple stood frozen in the hall outside the open door. Millie locked eyes with the female stranger, lost in passion, consumed with only one desire.

"Yes, yes, yes." she rapidly breathed, moving her gaze toward the man. She closed her eyes to hide from his shocked stare.

"Open your eyes." whispered Paul. "He can't move, can't take his eyes off you. Look at his cock hardening against his pants." he continued softly.

Millie's legs were shaking as pleasure rocked her body.

"Cum now." ordered Paul.

"Yyyeeeesssssss" she screamed as her body reached it's climax. Millie bucked against Paul's body before her knees gave out, causing her to collapse to the floor.

Paul pulled her up so she was kneeling and stroked her hair. "Such a good girl." he said as he winked at the shocked couple. "You can shut the door now, if you like." he told Millie as he untied her wrists.

Millie looked up at the frozen couple, averting any eye contact. With her lust momentarily satisfied, she was suddenly very embarrassed. She felt the blood flowing in her cheeks, and knew she was turning red. Not wanting to stand up, she crawled over to the door and pulled the binder from underneath. The door slowly drew closed.

"You look nice on all fours." chuckled Paul. "Now get back over here... it's my turn."

Millie stood up to see Paul holding his phone. "No pictures." she said as she tried to block the phone with her palm.

"Too late." Paul said as he clicked away. "Those two are probably tearing each other's clothes to shreds after your display." said Paul as he unbuttoned his shirt. Millie reached inside his shirt pressing her small hands across his wide chest. Her hands slid down to his pants, unbuckling his belt and undoing his fly. Paul's pants pooled around his ankles, as Millie reached inside his boxers towards his rock hard member.

She stroked with one hand, while pulling his boxers down with the other. His dick was long and fairly thick. Suddenly confident, Millie pushed him back into a chair and dropped to her knees. She ran her tongue down the length of his shaft, before taking his head in her mouth. Pumping his dick with one hand, Millie cupped his balls with the other.

Paul moaned his approval, putting his hands on her head and grabbing her hair. Millie bobbed up and down on his hard prick. Paul's grip tightened, and Millie came up for air. Pressing her tits against his wet dick, she smiled coyly, "Two can play at the teasing game."

Millie grabbed Paul's wrists, and pushed to the armrests on the chair. "Don't move." she ordered.

This time, it was Paul who complied with the request, and Millie slowly took his hard dick back into his mouth. She stopped every few seconds, looking up at Paul with a wicked smile.

After a couple minutes, Paul broke the silence. "Stand up."

Millie rose from her knees as Paul stood from the chair. He spun her around so she faced the unblocked window. He grabbed her wrists, retaking control, and placed her hands against the window.

"Hand prints." is all he said.

Millie bent forward, leaning on the glass. There was a floor lamp beside her which Paul turned on. He stepped back to the bed and grabbed his phone.

"More pictures." said Paul.

She didn't move as Paul snapped images of her tight ass and great legs.

Still holding the phone, he pushed a finger inside Millie's cunt. His cock was still wet with her saliva, and he grabbed it stroking his manhood against her soaking slit. He switched to video, and zoomed in as he slowly pushed inside her.

"Fuck me, Paul." said Millie as Paul captured her reflection in the window.

"What's that, Daring."

"Fuck me."

Paul slid slowly in and out, dropped the phone and put both hands on Millie's hips. The two rocked in unison, oblivious to anything else.

"Faster." said Millie.

SMACK. Paul smacked Millie's ass as he thrust inside her.

"Ahh" she gasped, delighted. "Yes"

He smacked her ass again and again and again. Each thrust was matched with a light smack.

"Yes, spank my ass." she said "Fuck me, fuck me faster."

Paul sped up the pace, and reached for her nipple. With one hand on her breast and the other holding her hips, Paul picked up the pace. He slid his hand to her clit and began massaging.

Millie's second orgasm didn't take long. Paul's fingers were magic, and his long, thick cock felt so good inside her. "Yes, yes, yessss." she shouted as she came a second time.

Paul's fingers laid still, giving Millie a moment to recover. "There's someone watching you across the street." he whispered in her ear. "Light on, a couple floors down from the top."

A figure stood in the window across the street with his hand down his pants.

"He's watching me fuck you. He saw you on your knees sucking my dick. He watched you cum." said Paul softly in Millie's ear as his fingers slowly teased her clit again. He continued pumping in and out of Millie's wet cunt.

Paul, grabbed Millie by the elbows, pulling her back toward his chest. She arched her back, thrusting her tits toward the window and the unknown voyeur. With one long arm, Paul held both of Millie's arms behind her back. With his other he resumed his attack on her clit.

"Watch him while you cum again." whispered Paul. Millie was like a rag doll - shaking as waves of pleasure built inside her.

"Yyyeeesss." she screamed for the second time that night as her third climax put her over the edge. Paul couldn't take any more. With Millie's final push backward he exploded inside her, coating her insides with his milky white cum.

Millie fell backwards into Paul's arms and he wrapped her up protectively. She spun around and reached her neck up toward Paul. He bent down and kissed her deeply - their first kiss of the night.

He eventually broke the embrace. "I could get used to this." he laughed.

"I'm going for a shower." said Millie, heading to the bathroom.

After cleaning up, she lay down beside him in the bed, and curled in his armpit. She stroked his chest, kissed him again, and was thinking about another round when the hotel phone rang.

Paul answered.

"Hello.... Let me check." he said.

Turning towards Millie he said "It's John. He's finished cleaning the bar and wondered if I needed any help."

A smile broke across her face "He knows the way up." said Daring.
