Coerced
by Kathy B.
kathybxx@hotmail.com


Part 3

I woke up Saturday morning feeling a little fuzzy-headed, but nothing 
really extreme. I couldn't remember much from the night before, 
although I did remember I was spending the weekend with Sheila's 
daughters and I vaguely remembered we'd been at a party the night 
before. I assumed I'd just had a little too much to drink and was 
battling a hangover.

I did remember having some really erotic dreams after I went to bed. 
Trying to recall the dreams, I reached down and cupped my pussy. I 
was surprised to feel how swollen and hot it was. I giggled to 
myself. It wasn't the first time I'd masturbated in my sleep. I must 
have been pretty horny. It felt like I'd been rubbing my cunt all 
night.

I took a long hot shower and felt pretty good. After dressing, I 
headed downstairs but both Lisa and Tracy were gone. I don't usually 
eat much breakfast so I just had a couple of pieces of toast. As I 
was buttering it I noticed a box of tea on the counter. THAT I 
remembered. It was the most delicious tea I'd ever had. I made a pot 
of it and went out onto the patio with the paper.

I drank tea and read for a little while but then everything got hazy 
again. I thought I must be catching a bug or something, I was so 
muddled this weekend. The sun was warm on me so I decided to nap in 
the heat and try to bake it out.

I think I'd dozed for an hour or so when three boys came around the 
corner of the house. I knew I'd met them the night before but for the 
life of me I couldn't think of their names.

"Hi, Mrs. Hopkins. How are you feeling?" the first one asked me. When 
I just looked at him without answering, he continued, "It's me, 
Brian. Remember?"

I nodded groggily. "Hi, Brian."

"What's the matter with her?" I heard another one ask. "Oh, shit 
guys. She got into the goodies again." He picked up the teapot and 
sniffed it. "What do you think, Jack. Should we go again?"

Jack looked at me. "What the hell, why not? Mrs. Hopkins, why are you 
sunbathing with all your clothes on? Don't you want a nice tan?"

"Y-yes, but people might see me."

"Nobody will see you back here but us and we've already seen you 
naked, remember? Why don't you get a nice golden tan for us?"

I giggled. "Ok." It seemed like a good idea. I quickly stripped down 
then reclined on the lounge. I saw Brian carry my clothes into the 
house while Brian carried my clothes into the house. A few minutes 
later he emerged with some baby oil.

"Mrs. Hopkins, you better let Dave rub some lotion on you. Those big 
tits of yours will cook pretty quick in this sun." When I nodded he 
threw the lotion to the third boy. Dave came over to me and stood 
grinning at me as he flipped open the top on the lotion. With one 
smooth motion he squirted a line of oil that began at my throat, ran 
down the middle of my chest and stomach into my pussy hair then back 
up to loop around each nipple. The oil was cold compared to my 
overheated skin and I shivered, making my boobs wobble violently from 
side to side. Dave laughed.

"Easy there, Mrs. H. You shake those things like a two-dollar 
stripper. He sat beside me on the lounge and started rubbing the oil 
in. He began on my stomach, rubbing and rubbing until the oil heated 
up and was worked completely into my skin. He moved up to my boobs 
and began working the oil into them. I could feel my nipples stiffen 
as he rubbed. They got so hard they felt like they were going to pop 
right off my chest. I began moaning as I got aroused.

After finishing my arms and legs, Dave returned to my pussy. He gave 
it another liberal squirt of oil and rubbed the oil all over it, 
inside and out. "We don't want this hot little cunt to get a bad 
sunburn, do we?" Dave asked as he worked two or three fingers into my 
pussy. "I've got a feeling this pussy is going to be out in the light 
of day a lot more from now on. We want it to look good."

When he finished, Dave went over and sat down with the guys. They 
opened beers and left me alone. I dozed, on and off, for the next 
hour or so. At one point I felt someone lift my hand and place it on 
my pussy. Already hot from the sun and being rubbed and stroked, it 
twitched when I touched it so I slowly rubbed my clit as I lay there. 
I thought I heard a camera but I couldn't be sure and quite frankly, 
I didn't much care.

I felt a hand shaking me awake. "Time to turn over, Mrs. Hopkins. you 
don't want to burn your tits." Brian helped me sit up and fed me some 
tea. I sipped it thirstily.

"Thank you. You guys are so nice to me."

Brian chuckled. "That's because you're nice to us, Mrs. Hopkins. We 
love helping horny old ladies with big tits and hungry pussies. Now 
lay on your stomach."

I turned over and laid down again. I could feel my boobs squash under 
my weight and my nipples pressed through the webbing on the lounger. 
Brian noticed and reached under, rubbing them and then pulling on 
them to make them stick out further. They were still covered in oil 
and slippery so he was able to pull out some of my tit out too, but 
not all of them. After flicking my nipples a few times, he took the 
bottle and squirted oil along my back and down my ass crack.

As Brian started rubbing oil into my shoulders I could feel a thick 
trickle ooze between my cheeks and down my aroused pussy lips. I 
wanted to put my hand back into my crotch but I couldn't reach in 
this position so I pillowed my head on my arms and closed my eyes.

Brian worked his way down my back and thoroughly rubbed oil into each 
cheek of my ass, commenting to the other boys on how large and meaty 
they were. I smiled to myself, happy they liked me. Brian started 
rubbing oil up and down through my crack, pulling my cheeks apart.

"If you get a burn there you won't be able to sit down. Just keep 
snoozing, Mrs. Hopkins," Jack called over to me from his chair as 
Brian kept rubbing oil into my asscrack and pussy from behind. He 
would occasionally squirt more oil down my butt so I was really 
slicked up.

Each pass up and down my crack, he would drag his fingers across my 
asshole. At first it twitched and puckered each time he touched it 
but eventually I relaxed and stopped reacting involuntarily to each 
touch of his fingers. As I dozed off I felt his fingers pressing 
harder and harder with each pass. Soon his finger popped inside my 
asshole. I felt him run it in smoothly until his hand pressed against 
my ass then ease it back out and continue up over my cheeks. The next 
pass he repeated the process, in and out.

Soon Brian was pushing two fingers into my asshole. I was so oiled up 
I felt no pain, even though I'd never had anything in my ass before. 
In fact, it felt pretty good and I found myself pushing my ass back 
against his hand as he finger-fucked me. It felt so good that I 
groaned when I felt him pull out and stand up.

I heard a chuckle. "Don't worry, I'll put it back in a minute. Do you 
like having something up that lovely ass of yours?"

"Yes," I murmured sleepily. "Please put it back."

"No problem, Mrs. H." I felt Brian get back on the lounge and soon 
felt the now familiar press against my sphincter. A slight push 
against my greasy asshole and he slid smoothly into me. It wasn't 
until I felt his body press down on me that I realized it wasn't his 
fingers. I started to rise in protest but the weight of his body held 
me down.

"Oh, yeah! Push that sweet ass back against me, baby," Brian grunted 
as he started moving his cock in and out of my ass. I'd always heard 
anal sex hurt but this felt terrific. I could feel my cunt throbbing 
as it picked up the rhythm of Brian's cock and began building toward 
an orgasm.

"How's her ass, Brian?" Jack called. "Is she a three-holer?"

"Man is she ever!" Brian gasped as he banged into me. "Her pussy 
might be a little loose but her asshole is as tight as a teenager's. 
Oh, shit. She's too hot; I'm cumming!" With a shudder he buried his 
cock deep in my ass and I felt him twitch as he pumped his sperm into 
me. He collapsed on my back, pressing me tight against the lounger.

"Hey, get off her," I heard Dave say. "I want some of that ass too."

Brian pushed off me. I felt his cock pull from my asshole as he 
stood. Reaching down, he pulled my cheeks apart and I heard the 
camera snap and the two boys laugh as my asshole slowly closed up. 
Dave then got behind me and quickly fed his cock into my now hungry 
ass, while Brian went back and sat with Jack.

I felt myself heading toward orgasm as Dave humped me hard but I was 
still not there when he too spurted his cum up my ass. I was relieved 
when Jack rose and pulled off his shorts. After Dave moved out of the 
way Jack squirted some more oil into my crack and slid his big cock 
up my ass in one long push. I giggled and pushed back against his 
crotch.

Jack and I fucked for several minutes and I was almost ready to 
orgasm when I heard a voice.

"Hey! You guys promised!" I lifted my head to see Lisa and Tracy, 
arms loaded with groceries.

Jack quickly pulled out and scrambled to his feet, his thick cock 
bobbing obscenely. "It's not our fault, Tracy. She got into the tea 
again and we found her lying out here. We figured, what the hell... "

Lisa made a face. "You guys are pigs. Do you get off, fucking an old 
lady? Do whatever you want."

Jack grinned and quickly got behind me. I pushed back as he began 
fucking me again. "Yeah we get off. She gets us off, don't you Mrs. 
Hopkins? Besides, she's not too old. Just nicely broken in. I think 
this bitch has lots of fucks left in her."

Tracy walked over and squatted down beside the lounge. I lifted my 
head as she looked me over. I could feel Jack's thick cock sawing in 
and out of my ass as Tracy smiled at me. She reached underneath the 
lounger and started pulling gently on my nipples, still pushing 
through the webbing.

"Is that true, Mrs. Hopkins?" Tracy asked me as she milked my 
throbbing nipples. "Do you have lots of fucks left in you?"

I was so horny I nodded. Tracy gave me a disgusted look as she let go 
of my nipples and stood up. She picked the camera up from the table 
and snapped several pictures of me, groaning in ecstasy as Jack 
fucked my ass.

I still hadn't cum yet when I felt Jack shudder and add his cum to 
the other two loads in my ass. When he pulled out and spread my 
asscheeks, my asshole gaped open. I squeezed it shut and Jack laughed 
when it slowly opened back up again. He asked Tracy to take a couple 
of shots of my asshole.

I started to reach back between my legs to finish myself off when I 
felt Jack push my hand away.

"Not yet, baby. You just snooze while we have another beer. We'll 
finish you off once we rest up. I want you nice and horny."

I protested but did as he told me. The hot sun soon had me nearly 
asleep while my new friends sat in the shade, talking quietly and 
sipping their beer. I could feel the sweat form and run off my body 
as I lay there.

I think I slept for about half an hour or so. I felt someone crawl 
under the lounger and brush across my nipples, then gently start 
licking them. It felt like Brian but I was sleepy and it felt so good 
I just kept my eyes closed, enjoying the sensation as he licked first 
one sweaty nipple, then the other. I started grinding my crotch 
against the lounger, hoping he would hurry up and fuck me so I could 
cum.

"Ewwww, that's sick," I heard Tracy say. I heard laughter as I opened 
my eyes and looked over into the shade. It took me a minute to focus 
but when I did I saw everybody sitting there, the three boys laughing 
while the girls looked disgusted.

Everybody? Then who was licking my nipples? I looked through the 
webbing and saw a large brown dog lapping at my breasts where they 
pressed through. I gasped and started to pull up but Tracy was 
quickly beside the lounger, pressing down on the back of my neck so I 
couldn't lift up. When I started to struggle she reached down between 
my legs and gave my pussy a gentle rub.

"There, there, just lay still. You seem to like it, so don't get up. 
I'll play with your pussy if you calm down." As she slowly stroked my 
pussy lips with her long nails, I stopped fighting and relaxed. "Good 
girl," she patted my head. "You really are a slut pig, aren't you?"

I heard more pictures being taken, then Tracy stopped playing with me 
and stood up. The dog licked me for a few more minutes, then I felt 
my nipples rub across his back as he crawled out from under me. He 
trotted back out of the yard.

"Ok, Mrs. Hopkins," I heard Jack call me. "Come on over here and suck 
us hard again. We'll give you that orgasm you're aching for." When I 
sat up and started to stand Tracy interrupted.

"No, no, I think you should crawl, Mrs. Hopkins. Horny sluts like you 
should crawl to get their cock, or go without."

I was so horny I didn't want to go without cock so I got down on all 
fours and started crawling across the yard. I could feel the grass 
brushing across my nipples as my boobs hung down, swinging as I made 
my way to my new friends. I crawled to Jack first, wanting that big 
cock pounding my pussy as soon as possible. I reached out to grab it 
but he pushed my hands away.

"No hands, Mrs. H. Just use that hot mouth of yours. Suck me off, 
then I'll give you a good fuck."

I complied, licking the end of his cock until it stiffened, then 
dipping my head and capturing it between my lips. My pussy was crying 
to be fucked as I eagerly sucked him hard and started pushing my 
mouth down his thick shaft. In no time I had his cock glistening with 
saliva as I sucked hard on it.

"Oh, what a great cocksucker she is," Jack moaned. "How does my cock 
taste? Can you taste your own shit, you slut?"

I was so horny I hadn't even thought about how dirty their cocks 
were. It was too late to worry about it then so I kept sucking and 
slurping. They took more pictures of me kneeling between Jack's legs 
as I blew him, finally taking his load deep into my throat. I licked 
his cock clean, swallowing every drop, then crawled over to Dave and 
began tonguing him.

He pulled my head off his cock and pushed me away. "I'm not next. You 
skipped somebody."

I looked up, confused. I had blown Jack and Dave was next in line.

"You forgot me," Lisa spoke up, sitting in between the two guys. I 
hadn't even thought of her. As I looked at her, she spread her legs 
and pulled her panties aside. "C'mon, slut. Start eating or you don't 
get to cum."

I crawled between Lisa's legs and stared at her pussy, all nicely 
trimmed and neat looking. When I hesitated she grasped my head and 
pulled it against her crotch. Not knowing what else to do, I kissed 
her. She gave me instructions and I soon learned how to eat pussy, 
sucking on her clit until she had the orgasm I was dying for.

I was then allowed to suck off Dave and Brian and eat Tracy to an 
orgasm. I really got into it after a while, enjoying the thick globs 
of cum as it slid down my throat. I even started liking the tangy 
flavor of Tracy's pussy as I chewed on her lips and thrust my tongue 
deep up inside her.

Finally, I had made everyone else cum and it was time for my orgasm. 
I looked around to see who was going to fuck me. Jack told me to 
crawl back out into the sun in front of them.

"You get started and one of us will join you. You need to do a good 
job masturbating. Show us how hot that pussy of yours can get," he 
told me.

My body was screaming for release so I had no choice but to do as I 
was told. I crawled in front of them and lowered my head to the 
ground, my ass high in the air and facing them. Reaching back between 
my legs with my hand, I alternated pinching my clit and sawing my 
fingers deep into my hungry cunt. I heard them giggling and snapping 
pictures but I was too far gone to care, desperate to please them so 
they would fuck me and let me cum.

They never helped me. I finally got myself off, shuddering in the 
grass and pushing my ass back at the open air as they told me what a 
horny pig I was. They took a few more pictures as I laid there with 
my fingers buried in my pussy, resting.

I felt myself falling asleep as they got up and went into the house. 
I knew I should get up but I was too tired so I slept right there, in 
the yard with my head down and my ass high in the air, the breeze 
tickling my tender asshole.
