One Crazy Summer
by Hellboy70

ONE CRAZY SUMMER PT. 01 - THE BARN

Posing nude for Photo's.

My name is Stacy I have known Rain for a little over 8 months. She is my brothers girlfriend and they have been dating for 8 months or so. She has a crazy past to say the least, terrible parents, drugs, fights and wild sex could pretty much sum up her teenage years and now at the age of 22 (she is one year older then me) she had settled down somewhat, but still has a wild side when she drinks or smokes weed. She is lean and skinny like an alley cat and her eyes sparkle, a mixture of mischief always in their somewhere. My brother is pretty much the opposite of her, thick and dull in the head, but he is a pretty nice guy most of the time. Rain spends a lot of time at our house due to the fact that her dad's apartment is pretty much a hell hole.

I consider myself about mostly straight, but I can notice how pretty or sexy a women is and while I have never kissed a girl I wouldn't rule out the idea. The first time I saw Rain naked was by accident and she was sleeping. My brother had gone to work already and I went to knock on his bedroom door to see if Rain wanted me to make her a late breakfast. As I approached the door, it noticed it was already opened a little bit and I nudged it some more so I could peak my head in and see if she was awake. As I did so I could see that Rain was lying on her side naked with her legs drawn up a bit. The room was mostly dark and I backed away but not before I noticed that Rain, even though she was skinny had a pretty nice ass, and it wasn't as small as I thought it would be. I couldn't really see too much else, the room was dark and the shadows hid her secrets so to speak.

A few days later we were getting ready for my brothers birthday. Nothing to crazy we going to have a few friends over, watch some movies and have some drinks. I was planning on going to the mall to get my brother a new controller for his X-box, when Rain asked if she could talk to me for a second. I said sure and she asked me to come into my brothers room, he was still at work.

Rain, "I really need you to do me a favour, and I know it's kind of weird, but could you take some nudes of me in your farms barn at he back of your place. I want to send your brother some really good nudes for his birthday."

Me, "Why don't you take some nude selfies or something?"

Rain, "I already have and they aren't bad, but it is kind of limiting and I wanted to try something different, to be naked for these pictures in a different setting and from different angles."

Me, "Well I guess I could if you really want me too."

Rain, "Here let me show you what I mean about the nude selfies."

Me, "Umm........"

Before I could reply Rain had taken out her phone and opened a file with about 25 pictures, the first several were taken in a bathroom mirror and rain was wearing black bra and panties. Her five foot three frame looking smooth and her pale white skin reflected the flash of the camera phone back into the photo. In the next few she was topless her small A cup tits looking very firm and she had very long light pink nipples, they almost looked like coke bottle caps and one of which was pierced. Her long dark hair covered some of her face and the phone covered the rest.

Rain, "Do you see how limiting nude selfies are, I mean they're fun and pretty cool, but I want to try something else. Have you ever done nude selfies?"

Me, "No, I mean I am not against the idea, but I haven't really had anybody to send them too."

Rain, "You don't need to send them to anybody, they can be for you to see how good you look naked and what not. With those big tits and big beautiful ass, you must look great naked."

Me, "Maybe I will someday."

Rain, "Here are the last couple as you can see I'm totally naked in them. What I don't have in tits, I make up for in lips and clit."

The last picture was of rain with one leg propped up on the sink and although it wasn't really a close up picture, you could see her shaved mound that seemed to be a pretty puffy mound that really draws attention to it, her inner lips dangling a good 2 inches out of her outer lips and her clit peaking through her puffy pink pussy. I would be so embarrassed if anyone saw my pussy this exposed and while my lips and clit hanging out for the world to see.

Me, "Wow, you have a puffy mound and some really sexy pussy lips, aren't you embarrassed to show me?"

Rain, "Yes, it is a bit scary showing my pussy to you for the first time, but I figure if you're going to take nudes of me, I might as well get over it."

Me, "What time do you want to take the photo's?"

Rain, "Meet me in the barn in 20 minutes? That okay?"

Stacy, "Sure, sure."

I had to call me friend Mary, who I supposed to meet up at the mall. She didn't pick up right away so I texted her. "Hey I need to meet you at the mall an hour later than we set up, is 2pm ok?".

Mary texted back in a few minutes, "Sure no problem, what's up?"

To shake her up and knowing that she is pretty much bisexual, "Rain asked me to take some nudes of her in the barn, for my brothers birthday."

Mary, "Nudes, wtf? You lucky bitch, show me them when you're done."

Stacy, "If I do you might have to complete a dare or something, and Rain has already shown me some nude selfies she took, it will be worth."

Mary, "Well it sounds like somebody like what they saw, I might have to think it over if you give me the chance, catch you later bitch."

Stacy, "Later big tits."

I forgot to describe Mary, she has a bit of a heavy set body, but she is shapely with crazy big tits, I don't even know what they are, I have D cups, and hers are way bigger then mine, they are big enough to be called udders, although I haven't seen Mary without clothes.

As I walked towards the barn, I had butterflies in my stomach, not really knowing what to expect. How will I feel seeing Rain nude in front of me? I had no idea how crazy she wanted these nudes, I was excited and worried at the same time. I saw that I was the first to arrive and I opened the latch to the barn door and left it open as I walked. My family owns two horses, which were out grazing in the field outback, I might go for a ride later depending on how this goes.

I heard somebody else enter the barn and I saw Rain walk in wearing a black track suit and she looked a touch nervous which was odd for Rain.

Rain "Hey Stacy, I brought a joint to help me loosen up, I guess I am more shy than I though, you want a few hits?"

Me, "Sure I wouldn't mind, I am nervous too."

So we quietly smoked the small joint and Rain got out her phone and put on some music as she proceeded to take off her track suit.

Rain, "Take the pictures with your phone, it's way better than mine."

Me, "Sure no problem, how did you want to start?"

Rain, "You tell me what you want me to do, and then show me the pictures and we can keep working from there."

Rain took off the track suit, and stood in a thong and nothing else. We started off with some basic shots, leaning against the wall and then I made her stick her ass out. Her cheeks were completely bare and she had some goosebumps on her ass, but her pussy and asshole were covered. Then I told her to walk around and I took pictures of her ass as she walked, her cheeks barely jiggled, her ass was so tight compared to my big ass. I told her to make her nipples hard and she did and I took some close up pictures of her pale pink bottle cap nipples and one of her pulling on her nipple ring to extend her nipple out, he nipples were easily an inch long.

Rain, "Time to get nude I guess."

Rain turned away from me and slid down her thong, she was bent over a bit and because she has a small tight ass I could actually see everything in between, I even had a quick flash of her asshole and of course her long hanging pussy lips. I let out a small gasp as I saw her in all her glory.

Rain, "Well somebody likes what they see. That helps a bit, because right now I feel like a naked whore, lol."

Me, "Well I think you look great."

I put down a blanket on a bale of hay and Rain sat on it and slowly laid back with her legs together. Her shaved puffy pussy and slit looked super tight. She slowly separated her legs a bit and as she did so I could see that her pussy lips stuck to her thighs a little and then they sprung free hanging free. Rain must be getting a little wet down there.

Me, "Rain your pussy is amazing, even without you spreading wide open, your lips are always visible."

Rain, "Hold on a second."

Rain reached down and touched the top of her slit for a second and her clit popped out, she must really be getting into this I thought.

Rain, "There I am for your viewing pleasure, now take a few of me like this for your brother to enjoy."

As I took about four or five pictures, she reached down and pulled her lips out and stretched them, I snapped a photo of that. She then closed her legs and looked embarrassed for a second, her face getting a touch red.

Rain, "I guess exposing myself is pretty embarrassing I admit, but I needed to stop before I started playing with myself in front of you. Give me a minute and we can take some final pictures of me on that ATV over there."

Me, "Don't be embarrassed if my pussy looked that nice I would be showing it to you right now. Wow, I can't believe I said that."

Rain, "Well if you ever want me to take nudes of you, I will return the favour. Can I look at the pictures for a second."

Me, "Sure."

Rain thumbed through the pictures and seemed to be pretty pleased with them. She handed the phone back to me.

Rain, "Well I gotta say, I think your brother is going to like these and wow, I look pretty slutty in some of those, but I guess that's okay, lol."

Rain got up and moved towards the ATV sat on it sideways and swung herself to hold on to the handlebars leaned forward stuck her ass out a bit and I started snapping a bunch of photo's. Before she jumped off she really pushed her ass back and told me to get a closer. I took some shot with her really getting low and pushing her ass back at me. I could see her cute pink asshole as it was really in view stretched out a bit, and her amazing pussy lips hanging down and I could even see her pink inside as I zoomed the camera in a little. Wow, I was starting to get turned on, my pussy was starting to tingle and my nipples were getting really hard. In the last photo I took a step back and Rain kept her ass out and looked back so you could see most of her face. After this picture Rain hopped off the ATV and started getting dressed.

Rain, "Send me all the pictures and let me know which are your ten favourites."

Me, "That might be hard to do, but I will try, lol."

That was pretty intense, I didn't have too much time to think about it too much as I had to drive to the mall to meet Mary. All I was thinking as I started my car was that I was really fucking horny and I wish I had reached out and spanked Rain's stretched out bare ass when I had the chance, for the fun of it and to see Rain's reaction. Maybe next time, if there ever is a next time I get to see Rain in the nude.


ONE CRAZY SUMMER PT. 02 - THE MALL

Nude Dares.

Driving to the mall after taking the nudes of Rain, left me horny as hell and I had to force myself to concentrate on driving for safeties sake. As I pulled into the mall, I remembered that I needed to send the nudes to Rain and tell her which ones I though were in the top ten of the pictures I took. I wonder if I should involve Mary in the process, I know she would want to see Rain naked. Normally I would never consider breaking that trust, but I was just so horned up that I was kind of losing control. My need to have some release was truly creeping up on me, but by prolonging the situation I was edging myself on and in the end the release would be epic.

As I parked and hopped out of my car I headed to the set of mall doors that Mary and I usually meet at, right beside the BestBuy. Mary was waiting inside the doors, she was wearing a pair of jeans and a white coloured T-shirt, stretched out by her huge tits. Mary waved at me as I headed in and I noticed that she was holding two coffees.

Mary, "Hey, you wanna sit down for a bit with the coffee's and catch up, you must have some good stories for me, you crazy bitch."

Me, "I do have a few things, lol."

I proceeded to fill her in on taking nudes of Rain inside the Barn and how crazy it was looking at my brother's girlfriend naked and that I had seen everything that Rain has to offer. I told her that I still had to send Rain the nudes which I proceeded to do and that I also had to pick out the top ten nudes so that Rain could give those to my brother.

Mary, "You want me to help you with that?"

Me, "I guess you want to see Rain naked pretty bad?"

Mary, "Yes, I am a horny slut with big tits."

Me, "I think you should have to do a few dares for me to earn the right, I mean I could get in trouble for showing you Rain's nudes."

Mary, "How will she find out?"

Me, "I know how loose your lips get after a few drinks and we are going to my brother's birthday party tonight."

Mary, "True enough, lol."

Me, "Well I need to go to store to pick up a controller for my brother, what did you want to check out Mary?"

Mary, "Some clothes and perhaps some a new bra."

Me, "Ok let's got pick up the controller first and then let's head to the stores that you want to go to."

I picked out the controller quickly and we headed over to a clothing store and Mary picked out a few shirts to try on. As we headed to the dressing room, I wondered if Mary was going to ask about the photo's again. I was still pretty horned up about the whole idea, so I brought it up.

Me, "Mary did you still want to see Rain's nudes and help pick out the ten best ones?"

Mary, "Fuck yeah, what kind of dares did you want me to do?"

Me, "Well I think I want to take a couple pictures of you changing in the dressing room and I am still thinking about how exposed I want you to get."

Mary, "Well, that sounds interesting, it's pretty quiet in the store so we could get one of the bigger dressing rooms and I will see how it goes."

We found a larger change room it had wood wall that went almost all the way to the ground, but no doors, it had large thick curtains that could be drawn back. This got my mind going about the type of stuff I might be able to get Mary to do. She is a pretty sexual girl, and I find her thick body attractive, Big tits and a fat ass and a bit of a tummy. Mary put the shirts that she wanted to try on on the rack that was in the room and she started taking off her shirts and even her pants. She stood in her black bra and panties, she looked very nice. She looked a bit nervous and was blushing slightly.

Mary, "Is this good enough, or do you want me to get my tits out?

Me, "Actually I need you to be completely bare ass."

Mary, "Ummm, okay."

Mary started by reaching back and unclipping her bra, her huge tits fell out of her bra, they bounced and hung down impressively on her chest. She had light pink coloured areola and small sized barely there nipples. She reached down on both sides of her hips and pushed her panties down and she slowly bent down to pick up her panties, her huge tits hung down and they looked amazing, and they looked pretty floppy from that angle.

Me, "Stop, I am going to take a picture of those big udders of yours hanging down, they look amazing by the way, what size are your tits?

Mary, "E cup, but they barely fit in my bra, so maybe bigger. You think I look like a cow?

Me, "Yes, but a very sexy cow."

I took two pictures of her like that, and I loved seeing her face blush even more as her nudity was very exposing to her. The Bright lights of the change room really brought out her pale skin, light nipples and completely shaved pussy. I could plainly see her slit which came up pretty high in the front, but I couldn't see any lips or clit hanging out.

Me, "Okay stand up straight, I'm gonna snap a few more pictures before your dare takes place, I love your shaved pussy, looks like you might wax it. I can't see any of your inner lips, but I like it still. Ok turn around."

As Mary turned around I got to look at her very big white ass in all its glory, it was very big and rounded. The shape was pleasing to the eye and I wondered if she was embarrassed showing me that ass.

Me, "How do you feel you naked whore?"

Mary, "I have never showed anybody myself completely nude like this, I mean I have show a few guys my tits while I sucked them off or had them jerk off on to my tits, every guy is always obsessed with my huge boobs."

Me, "Bend over a bit. "

Mary bent over a little and her ass looked really nice and because her ass and thighs were so big, I could see the slit of her pussy but, not her asshole at all. I snapped a few of her like this.

Me, "Me come over here and we can look at the nudes of Rain that I took."

Mary, "You want me to stay naked?"

Me, "Yes, let me see those tits wobble as you walk over."

I motioned for her to sit on the bench beside me, I could see her tits wobbling sideways and a bit up and down, they looked like they needed to be sucked. I also noticed that my panties were getting wet and really need release. Mary sat next to me totally naked and I could see she was nervous, even though she always joked and called herself a slut. I moved my phone between us and showed her Rain standing in the barn in her thong with her small tits and pointy nipples. Mary breathed in hard and I saw her tits jiggle.

Mary, "Rain has such small tits and amazing nipples."

Me, "Wait until you see her pussy, you're gonna start dripping from that shaved cunt of yours."

I flipped to the picture of Rain bare ass with her thong still on and then the picture when she started sliding it down. You could see her asshole a little bit and pussy lips, but only a little because of the shadow between her legs. Next was Rain on the hay bales and her stretched out nude body and then one with her legs slightly open, her pussy lips saying hello for the first time.

Mary, "Holy shit, she has a porn pussy, those lips are amazing."

Me, "I wish I shot this in a video, because between the next few pictures when she opened up her legs, her lips stuck to her thighs a little, she was wet and looked like a whore."

In the next photo, Rain was lying back totally nude hands behind her back, legs spread and her pussy lips and clit were hanging out for both Me and Mary to see. Before Mary could say anything, I flipped to the next picture and Rain was pulling her lips out to make them look like Batwings and I noticed I must have stepped closer because all you could really see was her pussy and the shadow of her asshole down below.

Mary, "Wow, that shot is amazing, her pussy looks so much sexier than mine."

Me, "How embarrassing do you think that picture is?

Mary, "Well I would be more proud of having a pussy like that, but yeah it would be pretty hard to show it to anybody."

Me, "Now before I show you the rest of them I need you to stand up and walk towards the curtain. Stand with your legs two feet apart and open up the curtain."

Mary slowly did as I was told and I took a few pictures and then stepped outside of the booth.

Me, " I am going to take a few from outside the booth."

Mary, "Hurry up, I know the story is almost empty, but I am bare ass here."

I slid pass Mary and slapped her ass playfully as I did, I saw a ripple in her big fat ass and as I got outside I had Mary pose, sideways, showing her curves and I made her bend over in front of me her Udders hanging down, I had her shake them and took a picture of them mid flop. Next I had her get on all fours and stick her ass out towards me. Finally her ass opened up enough and I zoomed in on her pussy, I could see see dark pink inner lips shyly poking out of her bare cunt. I could see the shadow of her asshole, but it wasn't completely exposed.

Me, "Ok you naked cow, crawl back into the room."

Mary crawled back into the change room, naked as the day she was born, her huge juicy tits banging around with each other and her jiggly ass doing the same. For this I had switched to video mode and I quickly hopped in the room with her and shut the curtains.

Me, "Okay you have earned it for sure, let's look at the rest of Rain's nudes."

I swiped my phone to Rain getting on the ATV and advanced the pictures to the one with Rain really sticking her ass towards the camera.

Mary, "Oh my, Rain has the nicest pink asshole, I wonder if your brother has fucked her ass yet, probably not with how tight it looks."

Me, "Well her pussy is even better looking so I don't think he would bother with it, but she does have a very cute asshole."

We started picking out our top ten nudes of Rain and I had Mary stay naked for them. Only we picked out l2 of them because we couldn't get it down to 10. As I sent the top 12 to Rain in order of 12 to 1, I also sent 2 nudes of Mary. One of her standing nude facing the camera and one of her bent over facing away, big fat ass exposed but only her shaved slit slightly showing. I wonder what Rain will say about those 2 images, lol.

Mary didn't bother trying on the rest of the clothes that she had brought back into the change room. She said that she need to go home and take care of a few things before the party, which means she probably had to go make use of her dildo, I would ask her about that when she was drunk at the party. I told her I would keep her nudes safe and that I would send her them if she preformed one more dare for me once I could think of a good one for her to do. We parted ways and I drove home with my pussy basically throbbing, I was dying for release but I hung on to the edge because it always makes me feel better when I store that orgasm up for a huge release which will probably be tonight after the party.


