The plane was landing, my heart was pounding, should I check my look in the mirror again? I can't believe the day is finally here. It all started about 4 months ago at least. I did a myspace search for women in my area that were around my age. I was gonna try to add them as friends and see if maybe I could meet at least a few of them in person to start up some friendships. I had been here over a year and only really knew people from work. I basically had no friends. There was one particular woman who answered my friend request and it turns out she wasn't even living here. She was in Alaska of all places. She wrote how she was wanting to meet some people who live here so she would know them when she arrived....she was moving here! Well, over the next several months we must have exchanged a hundred emails or more. Some of them almost melted my computer they were so hot. I wasn't expecting anything sexual from her, however. I knew it was just online flirting and that we would start fresh as friends when she arrived. I had been counting down the days for the past 3 weeks, was I kidding myself....telling myself that it was just a friendship that was going to start today? I had gotten so horny looking at the pics she had sent and she seemed to enjoy that fact that I had! It wasn't just her sex appeal that was so attractive, she actually was very pretty and her body......unbelievable! What was going to happen today? Tonight? I was shaking like a leaf.
There she is! I'd recognize that beautiful hair anywhere. I smiled from ear to ear and walked toward her. It seemed like she wore a perpetual smile, such pretty teeth. "Hi Paige!" we hugged.
"Caleb! Its so awesome to finally be here!" she exclaimed.
"Can I carry anything for you?" I asked.
"Oh sure, thank you so much." she answered.
We headed to baggage claim to pick up her luggage. Waiting for it to come down the shute, we talked about her flight. She was even prettier in person. Its hard to picture her talking in such a sexy way right now, like she had in so many of her emails. She seems so......sweet and nice and.....
"Caleb?" she caught me daydreaming.
"Oh, yes...sorry, are these your bags?" I recovered quickly.
"Yeah, those 2 right there", she smiled. I grabbed one and she the other and we headed for my car.
"Thank you very much for doing this, coming out here and picking me up." She said.
"Oh my pleasure. I've been looking forward so much to you arriving." I answered, smiling.
"And why is that?" she asked, with a sly smile.
I just chuckled and probably turned 6 shades of red.
We got to my car and put the luggage in the trunk. I opened her door for her and let her in and went around to get in the other side. I entered, buckled up and started the car, turning the a/c on full blast. Before I knew what was happening, Paige was leaning over right in front of me and pulling my face to hers. She pressed her lips against mine. Offering no resistance, I pulled her toward me in response. I didn't realize it but she reached down to the side lever and reclined my seat all the way back and climbed on top of me still kissing me. Her knees straddled my lap and her hands were caressing my shoulders and face. Our tongues began to explore each others mouths. My hands were on the small of her back rubbing it and caressing her ass, pulling her into me. I was quickly getting rock hard and I'm sure she could feel it pressing into her just above her pussy. My hands went under her shirt and felt her silky smooth skin that I'd only seen pictures of. From what I remember, I was caressing the area of her recent tattoo work. She moaned and our breathing got heavier. I moved my hand around her sides to her stomach and felt her smooth skin and brushed against her ample bra-encased tits. I then reached for them and lightly caressed them. Her shirt was riding up her back and sides. Even though it was dark outside, anyone who happened by could have seen what was going on. It was thrilling to think that someone may have ALREADY seen.
The air conditioning was running at full power but it was sizzling hot in there as we groped each other and licked and sucked each others tongues and lips. Her breasts were so firm and supple. I could feel her nipples harden under my touch. I pinched them and rolled them between my thumb and forefinger through the fabric of her silk bra. Moaning, she broke free from our lip lock and said, "Take it off". I wasted no time in unfastening her clasps and ran my hands under the now loose fabric and squeezed the smooth skin of her tits and pinched her nipples to ever more erection. She sat back momentarily and pulled her shirt and bra over her head leaving her topless.
"Suck my tits.....take my nipples in your mouth and suck them", she pleaded.
I complied with enthusiasm and took each nipple in turn into my mouth and licked them and sucked them. My tongue circled them as I caressed them. She had her head back and eyes closed in pure pleasure.
"Oh...oh....yes....suck them....that feels so good."
I continued this torture of ecstasy on her beautiful big breasts and nipples. My cock was aching to get out, straining against the fabric of my shorts.
"I've got to have your cock in my mouth right now." she declared.
She sat back, moved back to her seat and reached for my shorts squeezing the bulge straining to be released. I quickly unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts and pulled everything down in one motion causing my cock to spring out. She put her hand on it and immediately leaned over and took the helmut in her mouth. Circling the tip with her tongue, she teased me. Gradually she took more into her mouth and more and alternated with pulling it out and licking the length of my shaft and as much of my balls as she could get her tongue on and then back up to the tip and far into her mouth again. She continued the torture for what seemed like hours but I'm sure was only a minute or two. I was trying my best to hold back but couldn't anymore. I told her I was going to cum and she jerked me off as she leaned over and pressed her tits against the tip of my cock. I exploded all over her tits and she rubbed my cock against them to get any and all cum off.
Wasting no time, she pulled off her skirt and panties and pushed me back down on the reclined seat. She move up to straddle my face and as she lowered her pussy down to my face I could see she was dripping wet and totally smooth. I dove in and licked her juices like there was no tomorrow. Pushing my tongue as deep into her hole as I could, I lapped up her juices and tongue-fucked her pussy. I could hear her moans getting stronger and faster. My hands moved to her ass to pull her closer into my face. Working my way up, I found her clit and she squealed in excitement as I licked it. I flicked it and could feel it swell and grow. I began to suck on it and lick it, encircling it with my tongue and sucking it again. I surprised her by moving my hand away from her ass and slowly plunging my thumb into her hole from underneath her. My middle finger could feel her ass hole and my thumb was deep inside. She began moving her hips against my thumb and tongue to increase the friction. I moved my thumb in and out a little faster now, and faster. I change my hand so I could stick my first and second fingers inside of her. Finding her g-spot, I rubbed it firmly and felt her tense up as she gasped. She was moaning and crying out faster now. She finally slowed down but made her thrusts more meaningful as she climaxed against my face and tongue. Finishing her thunderous orgasm, she rolled off and climbed back into her seat.
"I'm sorry, I couldn't wait, I've been thinking about that the whole way down here from Alaska. I just needed your tongue in my pussy and your cock in my mouth. I hope you didn't mind."