Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Clara's Mind-Controlling Tweets Chapter Forty-Two: Slut Wears the Chastity Belt
Summary: A rich slut is trained with a chastity belt to be a good girl.
Keywords: MMMF MF MFF mc oral creampie facial anal A2M DP inter disc bond humil wife exib voy

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Clara felt herself slipping away from her body. She had swelled. Expanded. She didn't need her flesh any longer. She was beyond the material. Beyond even her phone. She had ascended to become a Goddess of Vengeance.

Patron of the Bullied. 

Her mother would be fine. She would return to Clara's sister. The pair wouldn't remember Clara. No one would. No one needed to. She existed everywhere and nowhere. She had an oracle that spoke her will.

@realgossip

Nothing more was needed for her.

She was free to punish. To humiliate. To degrade. All the bitches, the Karens, the cheating sluts, the bullies, and the abusers would suffer her wrath.

She could feel them all out there needing her. So many of the abused cried out for help. For their bullies to be punished, and she would give them all justice. Tweet after tweet. She was no longer restricted by where she was. She was everywhere.

God, I hate dumb sex addicts group, a bitchy voice said. A familiar voice that drew the wrathful attention of the Goddess.Daddy makes me, and it's all his fault for catching me with all the gardeners.

Tots, a second equally as entitled bitch said. My daddy wants me to be 'wholesome' and 'good marriage material' so I can wed some trust fund dork and bail out his business or whatev.

The first voice belonged to Portia Donovan. She had bullied Clara back in high school. All three years, Portia Donovan had made Clara feel worthless. A thing. A piece of shit that Portia had stepped in. As if Clara's existence had offended Portia somehow.

Now the Goddess could avenge that poor girl the world rejected. The Goddess would strike down Portia in the most delicious way possible.

And that dried-up cunt of a counselor, Portia continued. God, she talks in such a snooty way. 'Good girls don't masturbate' and 'control your urges.' Just because she hasn't gotten laid in a thousand years, doesn't mean she has to make our lives miserable.

So true, said the second girl. Cassandra Fairbanks. She hadn't done anything to Clara, but there were others she had hurt that needed avenging.

The Goddess composed her tweet. She didn't need her phone any longer. It had melted with her, the technology swirling through her divine awareness. She was plugged directly into Twitter like a Russian bot.

Ms. Jordan knows how to make the nympho-sluts she counsels into good girls! Chastity belts and orgasm denial! Her new studly assistants will help to impress her lesson the sex-addict bitches! #LadiesDoNotMasturbate #OrgasmDenial #GoodGirlsDoNotCum

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Portia Donovan

And there she is, I muttered to Cassandra as our counselor swept in. Ms. Jordan the stuck-up bitch. 

Cha, muttered Cassandra. 

I didn't like Cassandra. She was an idiot. A complete airhead bimbo without a thought in her vapid mind. But she did agree with everything I said, so I didn't push her away. She was all I had when we came to these dumb sex-addict meetings.

So what if a half-dozen Mexicans gangbanged me. Daddy totally overreacted.

Ms. Jordan was an older woman with her black hair pinned up in a bun. She had glasses on her face that looked like something a schoolmarm would have worn a hundred years ago. She wore a blouse buttoned up to the throat and skirts down to the ankles. She'd blend in with the dorky Amish. I so hated her.

Have you masturbated since our last meeting? asked Ms. Jordan. Did you have the self-control to resist your urges?

Fuck, no, I said. I jilled off before coming here.

Cassandra giggled. I wore out the batteries in my vibe this weekend. 

Ms. Jordan gave us both looks. So you continue to indulge every whim that wonders into those vapid heads of yours.

Cha, I said, smiling at her. 

And sex? she asked.

Does it count with a woman? Cassandra asked. Because I also fucked two guys.

It does, said Ms. Jordan, making a note and shaking her head. And, I suppose you had your share of amorous partners, Portia.

I got Blacked. Five ebony studs stretched out all my holes.

She sighed in obvious frustration. You only get something out of our time if you try to change. Lives of empty sex are empty. Shallow. You will never find true satisfaction in such hollow pursuit of transitory pleasure. Your life will pass you by, you'll become old, and discoverer that you're now longer desired, no longer wanted, and you'll become bitter. You'll wither. Dry up. If you can't find this self-control, then you will die alone.

I just gotta embrace Jesus, right? I said. Get on my knees and roll with the holy. Fuck that. I want to 

DING! DING! DING!

All our cellphones rang with Twitter notifications. 

Ms. Jordan's demeanor changed. I'm afraid, I have to change tactics. You two are a pair of unrepentant sluts. I'm tired of trying to get you to understand.

That's right, we won't change, I said with pride.

You're no longer worth treating like adults. You're children. Little whorelets. Brat. She stared at me. And Bimbo. She glanced at Cassandra. Your new names. They're more reflective of who you are.

Brat? I hissed, bolting to my feet. You did not just call me a brat, you dried up hag! When my daddy hears about

Your father already knows what a disgusting little cunt you are! Ms. Jordan snapped as she stood and glared at me. Fire blazed in her eyes. You are Brat, a whiny child who can't control her own urges. Twenty and you have the emotional maturity of a seven-year-old. Well, it's time to take drastic measures.

I'm outta here, I said. Come on, Cassandra, let's go!

Ms. Jordan slapped me. I gasped as the pain burst across my cheek. My head snapped to the side. I staggered and nearly tripped over my chair. Cassandra squeaked in fright. I just gaped in shock. She slapped me. How could she do that? Didn't she know who I was? I was Portia Donovan. 

My daddy is going to tear you a new assh 

CRACK! 

Tears burst in my eyes as my head snapped to the other side. Now both my cheeks burned. She had struck me with her left hand, her wedding ring gleaming on it. Her brow furrowed with fury. I whimpered beneath her. 

You h-hit me. I whimpered.

That's how we treat spoiled cunts here, Brat, she said. Now. She grabbed a bell off a table. Had that always been there? She rang it. My assistants are going to help train you sluts in self-control. No more orgasms. Good girls don't cum. Ladies don't masturbate. They deny themselves their orgasms.

The door opened and three naked men walked out. My eyes bulged at how gorgeous they were. One was a White guy who strutted almost like a cowboy, the next was a hunky Latino stud with a swagger, and the third was an ebony stallion, a Black guy that made my cunt clench.

They were all muscles. All buff and strong with big dicks thrusting out before them. Where the hell had they come from. My cunt went molten in an instant. Cassandra gasped and jumped to her feet beside me, a look of indescribable lust on her face.

Yes, you two are as wet as bitches, aren't you, Brat? Ms. Jordan said.

I... Instead of objecting to the name, I swallowed my words, both my cheeks throbbing. 

Let's find out if you two are dripping worth than a leaky faucet, the matronly woman said. Strip those 'clothes' off them. Might as well be naked without little those leave to the imagination.

The men grinned and advanced at us. The White hunk reached me and ripped my tight belly shirt off, exposing my big, fake tits, a gift from Daddy. They quivered as I staggered. That blouse was $500, and he had just tore it off. 

Cassandra squeaked as that ugly top was ripped from her. Red was not the black-haired girl's color. And that was from last season. So gauche to be wearing something from two months ago. I would rather be dead than wearing something that tacky.

But my perfect capris were next. I gasped as the White stud and the Black hunk thrust their hands into the waistbands on either side and tugged. They ripped my pants in half, leaving me only wearing a cute, pink thong. My blonde hair swayed around my face as I squeaked in shock.

The fuck! I gasped.

The Mexican hunk ripped off Cassandra's skirt. She had a pair of black panties on that hugged her rump. Those tore off followed by my thong. I was down to my cute pumps and nothing else. My boobs bounced while my pussy dripped.

Look at that, Ms. Jordan said, swiping up my thigh to my pussy. I gasped as she slid her finger through my folds and held them up. She smeared my pussy cream onto my upper lip beneath my nostrils so I smelled my tart cunt. Wet as the Nile during the rainy season!

Yeah, and? I said then winced, not wanting to be slapped again. I actually cringed. I had to get myself together.

Well, now we need to make sure you dirty trollops don't play with those cunts, said Ms. Jordan. Good girls don't cum. So, let's put those chastity belts on you!

What? I gasped as the hunks produced a pair of metal panties, like thongs. A strip of metal ran down to cover the pussy and they looked like they closed on the side, ratcheting tight where there was a built in lock. No, no!

Now, these use the same locks as handcuff keys, Ms. Jordan said, and I took a peek at your dress sizes, so I had these made to size. The only ones with the keys will be your fathers until they marry you off, then your husbands.

But, but, I gasped as they grabbed Cassandra. 

She squealed and kicked, but the Black guy effortlessly pinned her to the ground while the Hispanic guy deftly slipped the chastity belt around each of her feet. He held her tight as he worked it down her legs. She tried to thrash, but she didn't have the strength to resist them.

This couldn't be happening.

I turned and ran for the door, screeching in fright. They couldn't put those awful things on me. That was sick. Twisted. I was halfway to my escape when I heard it ratcheting shut on her. She had on her chastity belt. 

A hand seized my hair and yanked me back. Pain exploded across my scalp.

NOOOOOO! I screamed as the White guy dragged me back by my blonde hair like I was a cavewoman in a cartoon. I thrashed and kicked. My heels flew off as I struggled. My ass slid across the hardwood floors. NOOOOOO! I don't want to wear that medieval torture device!

Torture device, said Ms. Jordan in amusement. Tut, tut, Brat. It's a correctional device. Like braces. There's a defect that we must fix. After a year or two of wearing it and not cumming, well, you'll do fine. And as you can see, it has openings so you can urinate and defecate. And even be fucked in the ass, but not touching your pussy.

Please, I whimpered.

We'll fix that horny itch to be a whore, Brat, she said as the White guy pinned me down. His hard cock thrust over my head. He got off on this.

I tried to escape, but he pinned me down without even breaking a sweat. I kicked my legs as the Black guy held the other chastity belt. Cassandra was already wearing hers. She sat there, metal covering her pussy. It fit tight about her waist and high enough up there was no slipping it off her widening hips. 

Please, I whimpered. I'll be good. I won't be a brat.

You had that chance to be treated like an adult, said Ms. Jordan with such obvious glee in her eyes. But you chose to act like a spoiled child. There are consequences in this world.

No! I sobbed as the chastity belt went over my feet. The metal pushed down my thighs. I shuddered at the cold touch of it. Please, please! 

The Black guy just grinned at me as he worked the belt down my thighs and over my hips. It seated against my pussy lips. I could feel a little slit in it, but it wasn't that wide. Then it fit over my rump. I could feel the opening back there that surrounded my butthole before it traveled up to my waist.

I kicked one more time. Then it ratcheted tight. I heard it click. It locked in place. I was stuck in it. Tears burst from my eyes. My pussy was so wet, and I couldn't touch it? I couldn't masturbate my twat? Even if I left here, I would be stuck like this.

There we are, said Ms. Jordan. Mmm, now isn't that better. Try as you might, you can't touch those wicked holes. She began unbuttoning her dress. Now, we must see that you are properly stimulated. You must witness carnal acts so that your pussy will be wet, but since you can't satiate yourself, you'll eventually overcome the need to. Tie them to their chairs.

I gasped as I was lifted by the black guy and slammed down into the uncomfortable folding chair. The chastity belt rubbed into my pussy lips, but not in a good way. Not in a way that stimulated me. I whimpered as my hands were shoved behind me. Then cuffs slapped down on both wrists and held me to the chair.

Cassandra was in the other chair as Ms. Jordan stripped naked. She had a cream-hued slip on beneath her blouse and skirt that she removed to reveal a pair of plain, white panties and a boring bra. She freed her large boobs as I watched in shock. This could not be happening. My cunt was on fire. She had a great body for a MILF. She shoved off her panties, her bush trimmed and dripping wet.

You're going to fuck them! I gasped as the Hispanic guy lubed his cock. You hypocrite! You're going to fuck all three of them!

I am, said Ms. Jordan, her hair still pinned up in a bun. The Black hunk with the huge, ebony cock stretched out on his back. I have to stimulate you girls. It's a necessary, but enjoyable, part of my job.

You're married! I gasped.

And my husband understands the importance of my work in producing good girls who do not desire sex but will submit to their husbands' cravings, have his children, and take care of them like proper ladies. Good girls never cum. Ladies never masturbate.

You're going to cum! I gasped as she straddled the Black guy and raised his cock.

But never with my husband, she said sternly. How can I not cum with three hunks fucking me, but it is a small sacrifice to make. A big smile spread on her lips. Well, a big one. My, my, isn't he hung. I know both your cunts are aching to feel this.

She impaled her pussy down his cock. 

I shuddered in shock as Ms. Jordan took every inch of his cock. She sank down his dick, devouring inch after inch of his ebony shaft. Her back arched and her boobs arched. My pussy burned in envy. I wanted to touch myself. I whimpered, my fingers flexing.

Even if I was free, the damned chastity belt was in the way.

Yes, that's wonderful, moaned Ms. Jordan. Now my asshole. I know you sluts love having two dicks in both your holes, but I'll train you two to take no pleasure in it if your husbands choose to avail themselves your backdoors.

This wasn't fair. I whimpered, my cunt on fire as the Hispanic stud pressed his cock into Ms. Jordan's butt-crack. He found her asshole and thrust. She moaned, her big boobs jiggling. The MILF took his cock with such ease, her hips squirming from side to side. 

Then the White guy thrust his dick at her mouth. The bitch opened wide and swallowed him. She had a dick in all her holes. I had nothing. Nothing. I squirmed there, my pussy clenching. Juices soaked my twat and trickled to my taint. I pulled on the cuffs binding my wrists. Metal clanked against the hole tubes that formed the frame of the folding chair.

The MILF rode the Black stud. She moaned like a complete whore around the White hunk's dick. The Latin beefcake pumped away at her asshole. I would do anything to trade places with her. Anything to have my holes stuffed with those dicks.

Please, I whimpered as the MILF's big tits bounced. I'll do anything for you, Ms. Jordan. Let me fuck one of those cocks!

She moaned around the White guy's dick and kept riding the Black hunk's thick shaft. Her pussy went up and down his ebony cock, leaving him soaked in her juices. The Latin stud hammered her asshole, just pounding her hard.

I want that! Cassandra groaned. I'll be good! Please, please, let me fuck them!
Yes, yes, I'll pay you so much! Tears of frustration spilled down my cheeks. I yanked at the cuffs.

They bit into my wrists.

Ms. Jordan bobbed her head, sucking hard. Drool ran down her chin as she worshiped the White guy's cock. I whimpered, my boobs bouncing as I fought to get stimulation. I wiggled, my cunt blazing. I had to touch it. I had to massage it.

I squeezed my thighs together, but that didn't even put pressure on my clit. I tossed back my head, humping the air. The chair creaked as the studs groaned. They were all loving the MILF's three holes. They had her plugged up so tightly.

I whimpered, my toes curling as I trembled through my need for stimulation. I couldn't look away from the bitch. She was enjoying what I should be having. Those were my cocks. They should be fucking my holes.

Pounding my cunt. My twat. My pussy. They should be reaming out my asshole. I should be suckling on that big dick and getting to gulp down all his cum.

Please, I sobbed, my cunt on fire.

Ms. Jordan slammed down that ebony cock and squealed in delight. She orgasmed on them. She bucked, moaning around the dick in my mouth. The Black stud groaned, his face twisting with delight. He gripped her hips.

Fuck! he growled. I knew he flooded her pussy with cum. I wanted jizz in my snatch.

The Latin stud buried into her asshole and growled out, Mierda!

Fuck, yes! the White hunk growled.

They were all cumming in her! This boring church marm. They should be cumming in me. Just firing all that spunk into my snatch. My mouth. My asshole. It was so fucking unfair. I whimpered, thrashing in my seat, this damned chastity belt cold on my hips.

Please! I sobbed as that whore was flooded with their cum.

I needed it. I needed to be fucked so hard. I pulled so hard on the handcuffs. I didn't care how much it hurt. I thrashed in my chair. I had to get free. I needed to rub at my cunt. I rocked from side to side. The chair groaned and collapsed.

I landed on my side, my big boobs smacking together. I whimpered at the pain. I had to get out of them. I wiggled my hands. I slid the handcuffs down the leg. I gasped as the cuff came free while that bitch moaned around the dick in her mouth.

I shoved my hand between my thighs. My fingers rubbed at the chastity belt. At that slit. It was so narrow. I pushed and pushed my finger into it, squeezing my skin into the slot. I just had to touch my clit. Just had to reach it, but I couldn't get in there. It was so frustrating. It was just out of reach. This was so annoying.

No! I sobbed, my clit pulsing with need.

Well, well, I see even cuffing Brat to the chair wasn't enough, Ms. Jordan said as she stood over me. Cum matted her black bush and dripped down her thighs. The studs had filled her up. More spunk beaded on her chin and lips. She licked it up and smiled. But you can't touch your clit. Your pussy is off-limits. But, I suppose, you deserve some fucking. Boys!

They ripped the chair from me and uncuffed me. They did the same to Cassandra. She instantly shoved her hand between her thighs and banked into her chastity belt. She gasped as she broke a nail trying to frig her pussy.

Please, I moaned. I just need to cum.

Good girls never cum, Ms. Jordan purred. Ladies never masturbate.

You just came! I gasped. Aren't you a good girl?

Special circumstances, she said, staring like a whore at the Black stud, his cock drenched in her pussy juices. Fuck their assholes.

Yes, I moaned. I could enjoy that. I could get off on some anal. Just lube up and fuck my asshole.

Lube? Ms. Jordan laughed. No, no, this isn't for your enjoyment. The boys need to drain those big balls of theirs. They have so much cum. And you... You don't need to ever orgasm again. You've had more than enough for a lifetime.

No, no, no, I gasped as the White stud moved behind while he wiped his cock off on a towel. He dried himself off. That bastard.

He dropped to his knees behind me and pushed his cock into my butt-crack. He slid it down to my asshole. This couldn't be happening. He pushed and pushed against me. I gasped, my fingers clenching. My anal ring burned as it stretched open to swallow him.

I whimpered at the pain. I shot my right hand between my thighs and crashed into the chastity belt. I had to touch my clit. I could take that cock if I had the right stimulation. My fingers slid over that thin slit. I just had to get in there as...

Oh, my fucking god! I groaned as the fire blazed across my asshole. It opened wide and swallowed his cock. 

He sank into my bowels. This rod of fire. I whimpered as he burned. I shuddered as more and more of his dick sank into my anal sheath. Why was he so hung? I whimpered, trembling there as his cock invaded my bowels.

He bottomed out in me. I trembled, tears spilling down my cheeks. I groaned as he gripped my hips and drew back. Cassandra whimpered beside me. Her back arched. I quivered, my asshole blazing with pain. It hurt.

He drew back his cock. I shuddered, my finger pushing on the slit. I just had to touch my clit.
He rammed his cock back into my asshole.

Please! I gasped, struggling so hard to touch that little bud. Just a brush. A little caress. I would have such a huge orgasm. I knew I would if I could just touch my clit. 

I shuddered as he fucked me hard. He buried to the hilt in me. He pounded me with such force. The heat blazed hotter and hotter. I whimpered as he grunted. He fucked me hard, burying into my asshole. My bowels loosened.

The pain dwindled. The fire remained, but now it heated my cunt. I gasped as he fucked my bowels with such force. My pussy drank in this heat. I could feel it building. My orgasm. Yes, yes, my orgasm was growing.

Oh, God, I groaned, loving this delight. That's it. I would cum on this cock. Lube or no lube. I was a slut. A nympho-whore! That's it. Oh, that's so good. Fuck me!

He pounded me. I trembled, the pleasure swelling in me. It was a wonderful treat to have that big dick pounding me. He fucked me with such force. He thrust into me with everything that he had. I loved this so much. I groaned, my face twisting with delight. He hammered my cunt over and over again. He buried his dick to the hilt in my snatch. I loved him doing that. 

He fucked me with his virile strength. That White hunk gave me what I needed. My blonde hair swayed before me. I quivered, his nuts slapping into the metal of the chastity belt. I didn't need to touch my clit.

I just needed to be fucked in the ass.

He pounded me so hard in the ass. He fucked my bowels with force. I loved every moment of that big dick hammering me. I squeezed about him, staring up at Ms. Jordan. She watched with this smile on her lips.

I had her.

That's it, I groaned. Oh, fuck my naughty asshole!

Yes, yes, pound my bowels, stud! Cassandra moaned.

I rocked back and forth to that hard cock fucking my snatch. My pussy juices soaked the chastity belt. I hoped it was stainless steel. I trembled as he pounded me. I quivered, my orgasm building and building in me.

My eyes rolled back in my head. I whimpered as he thrust his dick deep into my bowels. I was almost there. I just needed a little bit more stimulation, and I would have such a mighty climax. It would be outstanding to enjoy.

He grunted, fucking into my bowels with all his might. He rammed into me with such force. It was incredible to have him fucking me like that. He buried into me again and again. My body quivered. This was it. 

Please, please, keep fucking me! I moaned.

Ms. Jordan grabbed my hair and stared at my eyes. She's about to cum.

The stud ripped his dick out of my asshole. He moved around me and yanked my hair from Ms. Jordan's grasp. He stroked his cock as my pussy blazed with heat. I was so close. I was so fucking close.

NOOOOOOOOOO! I howled.

Fuck, yes! he growled and erupted.

His cum splashed across my face. He painted me with his jizz. He splashed blast after blast of his cum across my face. He hosed me down with his jizz. I shuddered as he painted me with all that cum. He covered me in more and more of that spunk.

Please! I howled.

Jizz splashed in my mouth. He drenched me down. I shuddered, my frustration boiling through me. Tears spilled from my face, carving tracks through the spunk. I was so close. I rubbed at that slit again. I had to touch my clit.

I needed to simulate myself.

I shook with my sobs. I needed to cum so badly, and they wouldn't let me. It was so unfair. I shuddered, my pussy burning. The guy fired a last blast of cunt on my face. The other guy did the same to Cassandra who sobbed, too.

Now clean those dicks, whores, Ms. Jordan said.

The two studs swapped places. I gasped as the Latin hunk yanked on my blonde hair. I gasped in pain. He rammed his dirty dick into my mouth. My lips sealed about his shaft by instinct. I whimpered in frustration. 

I couldn't cum from blowing a dick. Even one flavored with Cassandra's sour asshole.

I trembled here, sobbing as I suckled on him. My tears spilled down my cum-splattered cheeks. My tongue danced around his dick. I polished his pole as my pussy juices dripped down my thighs. They ran out from the sides of the damned chastity belt.

I hated it so much. I screeched around that cock in my mouth. Why was this happening to me? I just liked to fuck. This was so dumb. I suckled hard on the dick as I trembled here. The Latin stud groaned as I did that.

That's it, Bitch, said the White hunk as Cassandra sucked his dick clean of my ass. This was so backward. This wasn't how the world worked.

All I could do was suck Cassandra's ass off the dick in my mouth. I stared up at the guy as I suckled on him. I begged with my eyes. He had to know I was a better fuck than that MILF. I was younger. Hotter. Tighter.

He would get off so hard in my pussy if he just let me out.

I nursed hard on him. I worked my lips up and down his cock, suckling with all my might on his dick. He just had to understand that I was the one he needed to be enjoying. That was it. Once he did, things would be so much better.

He groaned as I worked my mouth up and down his cock. I suckled with all my might, showing him how amazing I was. I worked my mouth up and down his dick, my pussy begging for cock. Even a little prick.

A finger.

A fucking pencil.

I whimpered around his dick, drool spilling down my chin. I suckled on him. I nursed with all my might. The sour flavor of Cassandra's asshole faded as I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down his dick.

He groaned his pleasure. I was giving him what he wanted. My tongue danced around his cock. I had to make him cum. I nursed on him so hard. He stared down at me, that handsome face twisting with a smile. Men like him were so hot. 

Latin men made such gorgeous studs. 

My tongue fluttered around him, his precum replacing Cassandra's sour musk. I suckled hard on him with all my might. I loved his dick. It was an incredible delight to have that cock in my mouth. I worked up and down him.

He gripped my head and thrust his dick to the back of my throat. I groaned as he did that. I loved the feeling of his cock burying all the way back to me. I groaned as he drew back. I suckled on him hard. I nursed on him with passion.

He groaned as he pumped away at my mouth. He fucked me with hunger. I shuddered, savoring this. My tongue danced around him. I loved how good he tasted. My cheeks hollowed as I suckled on him. 

That's it, Brat, he growled. Just love that dick. That's your job. Make men cum. Good girls don't cum themselves. They just let men enjoy their bodies.

I whimpered as those words echoed in my mind.

Good girls don't cum, he grunted as he fucked my mouth. They just please the man who has the key to their chastity belt. That's it. Just please me like that.

I suckled hard, wanting to please him.

He thrust into my mouth to the back of my throat and erupted.

His cum splashed my tonsils. I shuddered as he pumped blast after blast of his cum into my mouth. I gulped it down as he groaned his pleasure. He held the side of my head as he orgasmed again. His third cum while I had none.

Good girls don't cum, Ms. Jordan purred as she watched in the chair. Good girls don't cum.

I gulped down blast after blast of cum. I swallowed every drop of it. It was so good. I nursed it all down. Every last spurt of cum that he fired. There was so much of it. He was such a stud. He filled my mouth with his cum.

He gave me so much wonderful jizz. I quivered, staring up at him. He had to fuck me. He needed me. I could see it as he erupted a last time in my mouth. A final blast of cum to fill my mouth. I trembled, loving that delight.

My pussy burned. I needed this dick in me.

Mmm, I think she deserves a reward, Ms. Jordan, the black stud said. He held the key. The key to my chastity belt.

Mmm, maybe, said the woman. If you crawl here, lick my pussy, and don't mouth off, I'll let you feel that big, Black dick in your cunt, Brat.

Yes, Ms. Jordan, I gasped and crawled to her right now. I was so desperate for it. I'm a good girl.

Are you? She stared at me. What do good girls not do?

Cum, I groaned as she gripped the back of my head. She pushed my face down into her black-furred muff dipping with the Black hunks cum. 

I licked her up. I lapped at her pussy. That salty cum tasted so good leaking out of her. I would do anything to have a cock in my cunt. I thrust my tongue into the MILF's pussy and scooped out the jizz along with her sweet juices.

The key thrust into my chastity belt. I moaned in delight into her cunt. I thrust my tongue into her as the belt was pulled off. Cassandra whimpered in the background. Fuck her. I was the one who had earned getting a dick.

Remember, Ms. Jordan said, staring down at me as I feasted on her cunt.

Good girls don't cum, I moaned as my right hand shot between my thighs and found my clit.
I rubbed myself and groaned. I just needed a few seconds.

Fucking brat, the black stud growled. He grabbed my wrist and wrenched my arm behind my back. So my left hand shot down for my clit. He seized that one, too. Brat tried to frig her clit.

I'm very, very disappointed in you, the MILF said as he pulled my wrists together with ease. He slapped cuffs on them, holding them behind my back. There, now you can't play with your clit.

I moaned in frustration, fighting at the restraints again, my face snorkeling in her furred muff. Her wet curls rubbed on my face while salty jizz leaked out of her cunt. I shuddered and thrust my tongue into her snatch. I fluttered around in her, scooping out all that cum.

She groaned as I did that while I shuddered. The big, Black cock pushed against my cunt. I was about to be fucked. And be fucked hard. This was it. I was so ready for that huge cock to ram into me and fuck me hard.

He slid into me. Slowly. I whimpered as my pussy clenched down on him. I moaned into the MILF's cunt. I licked her with such passion, scooping out more and more of the cum. She groaned, her big boobs jiggling over my head. 

That's it, she purred. Good girls don't cum, but they do have to be fucked and bred. You need to train that pussy so that you can be fucked hard and never tempted.

The stud sank more and more into me. My fingers twitched. I had to frig my clit, but... That cock felt so good in me. I moaned in delight. Such relief. This huge cock would make me cum so fast. There was no way I wouldn't just explode from this delight.

He bottomed out in me. I had so much of his cock in me. Then he drew back. I squeezed my twat down around him, reveling in his big dick. He groaned as I did that. He pumped away at me now. I moaned in such delight.

I was being fucked.

I would cum.

He gripped my hips as he pumped away, not pounding me, but I didn't care. It was a delicious rhythm. My hips wiggled from side to side as my tongue wiggled around in Ms. Jordan's sweet cunt. I looked for more of the stud's cum.

I found the salty treat as my orgasm built and built. That wonderful relief came closer and closer. Ms. Jordan stared down at me, pleasure rippling across her face. I scooped out more of the jizz from her depths.

Good girls don't cum, she purred as I flicked my tongue around in her snatch.

That's right, grunted the guy. Good girls don't cum. And you're a good girl.

I'm a good girl, I moaned as that cock pumped away at me with such a steady rhythm.

I closed my eyes and enjoyed it, just luxuriating in the stimulation building and building me toward my orgasm. I flicked my tongue through her sheath, questing for more cum. I couldn't find it. So I tongued her clit.

I flicked my tongue over her folds. I stroked to her clit. I licked her bud as I came closer and closer to cumming. I sealed my lips around her pearl and suckled. I moaned about it as that dick plunged into my cunt. My body trembled. I was there. Just a few more strokes.

Pull out, commanded Ms. Jordan as she held me to her clit.

He ripped his dick out of my cunt.

I squealed in shock as she held me to her clit. I thrashed, my wrists pulling at the cuffs. No, no, no, I had to cum. She ground her snatch on my face as I fought to get away, but she was too strong. This wasn't fair. 

Please, I moaned into her cunt.

Good girls don't cum! she said, my pussy on fire, but the imminent orgasm dwindled. It faded, just leaving that blazing need to climax behind. Good girls don't cum. You're a good girl. Oh, yes, yes, such a good girl!

She bucked and came. Her pussy gushed juices. Her cream flooded my mouth as the cock slid back into my cunt, slowly. I groaned, drowning in pussy cream, my hips wiggling to stir my snatch around his dick. I needed to cum.

But he wasn't pounding me hard enough. 

He just slowly worked that dick into my pussy as I drowned in Ms. Jordan's cunt cream. She bucked against me, smearing her furred muff against my face. She trembled as she squirmed through the bliss, her gasps echoing through the room. 

That's it, she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's so good!

As she released my head, I ripped my gaze up and moaned, I want to cum! 

SLAP!

My head snapped to the side, my cheek burning. Good girls don't cum.

I shuddered as the Black guy fucked my pussy. My hands pulled at the restraints. I whimpered as he thrust into me again and again. He fucked me harder and harder. I moaned in delight, sinking into how good that was.

The swelling bliss grew in me. I could feel it like a reservoir being filled. I came closer and closer to overflowing the dam. I wanted that rapture to flood my body. I squeezed down on his cock as he fucked into them. I moaned and gasped.

Stop, Ms. Jordan said.

He ripped out my cunt.

Please! I sobbed in frustration, the level of my reservoir dwindling again.

I wiggled my hips, tears spilling down my cheeks. Then the Black cock slid into my pussy again. I shuddered as he pumped away at me. He brought me closer and closer to that wonderful moment. Teasing me with the possibility of my orgasm.

Only for Ms. Jordan to yank it away. To leave me screeching in frustration. My hands pulled on my cuffs. The metal bit into my wrists as I thrashed. I needed to be filled. I craved it. Ached for it. Why did she have to torment me like this? It wasn't fair.

The cock fucked her to the brink again and again and again. That big, ebony cock pumped away at her only to pull out. She whimpered and groaned. Surely the man had to be feeling that same level of frustration.

She itched. Her body squirmed, the cuffs chaffing her wrists. Her pussy clenched when empty and simmered when full. She gasped and moaned as he fucked her cunt hard, his heavy nut slapping into her throbbing clit.

Then she was so empty. 

Please, please, please! she screamed, her voice hoarse. Her throat hurt.

The cock rubbed at her pussy, teasing her. She needed him in her. She pushed back, swallowing the glorious tip. That thick dick had to fuck her. Surely this time she would cum, but he pulled back instead of ramming into her.

Cassandra suffered similarly, being fucked by the White guy, bringing her to the brink then stopping. We both sobbed. My eyes burned from the tears. I just needed to cum. This feverish heat washed over my mind.

I just needed to cum.

The dick sank into me. He fucked me hard. He pumped away at me. He fucked me with such passion. He pounded me with everything he had. Finally, I would be allowed to cum. I would explode. He buried to the hilt in me. I was there. I just needed a few more strokes. Hope surged in me.

He ripped his cock out and groaned. His cum splashed on my ass. 

NOOOOOO!

Spurt after spurt of his jizz splashed on my rump. He coated my ass with his jizz. He didn't give me a single bit of it. I sobbed so hard, my body shaking. This was so cruel of him. I sobbed, my wrists pulling on the cuffs.

Blast after blast of his jizz splashed on my rump. He drenched me in his seed. It ran down to my cunt. I shuddered there on the ground. I needed this so much. I just needed to cum. I whimpered in frustration, trembling with the cuffs.

Yes, he grunted. Goddamn, that felt good.

I need to feel good! I moaned.

Good girls don't cum, Ms. Jordan said. She pushed a vibrator into my pussy. It buzzed at such a low setting, hardly more than a quiver. 

What is that? I gasped as they forced the chastity belt back on me. Why is that buzzing away in me.
To keep you stimulated, she said. We can't have that hot pussy relaxing, now can we.

But, but, but, I protested the toy humming away in me. This isn't enough to make me... My eyes widened in horror.

Good girls don't cum. She then shoved a blindfold on me. It was held up by an elastic band. The chastity belt went on next. It ratcheted in place, holding the vibrator in my cunt. It was such a thin thing. It didn't stretch me out. It was barely thicker than my finger. And not that long. 

But it teased me.

Then headphones were shoved on me. Wireless ones. Noise counseling. 

Good girls don't cum, a voice whispered. Ms. Jordan's voice. Ladies do not masturbate. Good girls don't cum. Ladies do not masturbate. Good girls don't cum. Ladies do not masturbate.

Over and over, as I lay in the dark, the vibrator buzzing away in my cunt. 

I drifted. 

Time lost meaning. Darkness and the voice was whispering over and over again. I squirmed, feeling the floor, the vibrator buzzing away. I whimpered, or thought I did. I couldn't hear myself. I just whimpered.

My cunt burned.

Itched.

I had to cum.

But good girls didn't cum.

I had to masturbate.

Ladies did not masturbate.

The voice whispered on and on and on. My pussy burned. Itched. I didn't know how long it had been since I climaxed. How long it had hummed away in me. I shuddered in the dark. I was alone. I rolled around, reaching, feeling. I never found anything. 

On and on and on the voice spoke. The vibrator teased me. My pussy needed to cum, but... I grew used to it. The aching heat. The juicy sensation. I grew to bear it. Good girls didn't cum. Ladies didn't masturbate. The words were so clear.

I was given water. I drank shakes. I drifted. Slept. I just existed. Sometimes, a bigger vibrator was put in. It buzzed more and more, but I didn't need to masturbate. My hands were undone. I didn't take off the headphones.

I brushed my chastity belt. It was there to keep me from orgasming. That was right. Proper. Only men should cum. Only the man I was given to should cum. It was so clear to me now. I believed it. I embraced it.

And then the vibrator was taken from me. I was bathed, dressed, and when my father picked me up, I handed him the key to my chastity belt. I wore a demure dress. I wasn't a slut. I wasn't a whore. I was a good girl.

A lady.

Whomever he married me to, I would be a good wife. I would lie there and let him use my body, but I would never come. I would proudly wear my chastity belt as proof that I was a good girl. I felt so relieved. I didn't have to worry about anything any longer.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Goddess avenged the world.

Plugged into Twitter, she could help so many. Her tweets flood out. Dozens a minute. She floated through them, smug in knowing she was punishing all the bitches and cunts and bullies. She needed nothing else.

This was her purpose. This was how she avenged that poor, sad girl named Clara. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Figure smiled. That was interesting. It had not anticipated Clara becoming so one with her power. To merging with it. Almost out of guilt over believing she had abused it. She had the power to bend reality, and she did it so well.

But now her story was growing boring. The Figure had lost interest with this world. But there was an infinite amount out there, and Social Media was so much fun to play with. The figure looked to the Mist to find its next world to meddle with.

The END

