HOME AWAY FROM HOME

BY SHARPERGIRL

Part 3

The alarm buzzed into my consciousness and I awoke. The previous
day's events had been excluded from my mind by a deep sleep. Now,
my heart raced, not only was I in a new place with new people to
meet, I was also about to have a physical and internal
examination which I always hated having. I thought about Hilda
and how she'd seemed OK until she made me expose myself for her
own inspection. I was convinced this place would be just as full
with cruel and nasty people as prison or anywhere else for that
matter. The shower was hot, the shampoo expensive and creamy, I
brushed my damp hair and pit it into a ponytail. I even had time
to fold the nightdress and make the bed before I heard the catch
on the door click open. It was Hilda; she was dressed as before,
this time she had a pair of handcuffs. "You'll have to wear
this," She said with disappointment in her voice. "Apparently
there was a violent incident between you and your warden on your
way here, so you are not to be trusted." I thought about
protesting, but no, what was the point. She cuffed me to her
wrist and escorted me naked out into the corridor. I walked
beside her, eyes fixed on the floor three feet in front of me not
wishing to see if any one else could see me. "Most of the other
girls will be at breakfast, but you will see a lot of the
cleaning staff and warders on your way to the medical block. You
will have to get used to being stared at Susan, you are going to
have to get used to it my girl." Sure enough, several men in
overalls stood aside in the corridor and I felt their eyes all
over me. We burst through the swing doors and out into the brisk
morning breeze. I came up in goose bumps and felt my nipples
solidify. I trod lightly in my bare feet over the tarmac as Hilda
strode out pulling me by my cuffed wrist and encouraging me to
keep up with her. I looked about us, uniformed screws all over
the place. More cleaning staff, all male in overalls pointing
openly at me being dragged naked across the yard. It was very
likely they all knew what was going to happen to me and that
within a few minutes I would be in those terrible stirrups with
my cunt stretched wide open being poked and prodded. I was not
enjoying this.

Eventually we burst through another set of swing doors into an
almost identical pre-fab building. The smell of medical
disinfectant was very strong. There was a nurse sitting at a
reception desk. Hilda took me over. "This is the new one to see
matron for a once-over." The nurse nodded, "Yes, yes she is
expected but matron has been called to the penal session this
morning so she'll have to do her psyche evaluation with Dr. king
first." Hilda frowned, what's happening at penal this morning,
someone getting a thirty?" "Oh yes it was terrible, four of them
caught out late yesterday, happened very quickly and they're
getting it today so it was all rather unexpected." "Oh, well then
I had better get over there as well. Is Dr. King in yet? I'll
cuff her to the radiator in his office if not." "No, he'll be
here in a minute though, matron advised him of the change in
schedule." With that Hilda bundled me through a door and into a
consulting room. She grabbed a chair and set it near a window
where there was an old fashioned radiator. She unlocked her cuff
and passed it behind the radiator pipe and then fastened it about
my other wrist. "I don't want a peep out of you!" She barked at
me and went out of the room in a flurry. I sat there, the room
had a large desk with an easy chair behind it. There was a
medical couch and a folding screen. There were also two armchairs
and a coffee table strewn with magazines. I looked out of the
window. The place looked like a military base. All single story
with wide expanses of tarmac upon which I imagined columns of
soldiers marching up and down. The heat from the radiator was
just becoming uncomfortable when the door opened and a tall
fair-haired young man walked in. "Ooops! Ah ha, no clothes eh?
Why do they do that? Er, sorry Susan, isn't it? Yes, sorry they
should have told me. Look, there are some clean girls panties and
a singlet on the couch you can use if you don't mind me coming
over to unlock your cuffs." I loo ked at this handsome man who
was obviously uncomfortable about the fact that I was naked like
he was from another planet. First I had not expected a man, and
certainly not a young man, and secondly I would have been less
surprised if he had forced me to swallow his cock than have him
apologise to me for seeing me naked. This place was getting
stranger by the minute. I just shrugged back at him, he averted
his eyes and brought the white cotton underwear over with the key
to my cuffs. Soon he had me sitting in one of the armchairs
opposite him. "I can't do anything before I have a cup of tea,
would you like one?" "But, they said I'm to fast before my
physical." I volunteered "Oh blow that" he laughed. "A cup 'o tea
won't hurt!" So there I was sipping tea in my underclothes
waiting to be interviewed by the psychologist. The tea felt good,
I began to relax a little. "So, Susan, really sorry about the
clothes thing. It does not help me get a good assessment with you
having no clo thes on, and as it is you are still only in
underwear. I mean I could offer to strip to my underwear if you
like to put us on an even footing but, well, they'd probably
arrest me or something. I giggled at this ludicrous man, I think
the first time I had chuckled at something genuinely amusing for
years. His name was Martin, a doctor of psychology and not a
medical doctor. He asked me about my life, what I'd done that was
good, what I'd done that was bad, and what, given the chance
would I do over again differently. He was very positive, and said
that the institute would allow me to put a lot behind me, but
also that the methods employed were very tough and caused a lot
of emotional and sometimes physical pain. I asked him about the
penal session and what a "thirty" meant. He said Matron would
take me through all that later. He gave me some assessments to do
and I sat in is warm office with some quiet music playing while I
worked through them. When I'd finished he sat next t o me to mark
them. He was very muscular and smelled of good quality
after-shave, he was very complimentary about my progress, I was
not used to praise so all I did was blush a lot, which he
remarked on and laughed at gently, this made me blush even more.
I wished he had been in his underwear, I imagined what he would
look like, while we chatted and laughed about all kinds of
things.

A knock at the door brought me down to earth. Hilda entered,
making a point of looking at her watch. "Matron's waiting now
Martin if she's quite ready?" Martin stood up and nodded, "yes
everything's fine here, off you go Susan, you'll be back to see
me each month to see how you're doing." "Cuffs?" Said Hilda,
Martin handed them over and Hilda fastened my wrists behind my
back, "Come along Susan, Matron does not like to be kept
waiting!" I was shoved down the corridor and through the second
door on the left. This was an examination room, the couch with
the ominous stirrups, two nurses both wearing masks and rubber
gloves stood staring at me, the large one on the left was
obviously Matron. "Well well, about time, cuffs off, clothes off,
come a long nurse help her out we don't have all day, thank you
Hilda please wait outside." Hilda left and the small nurse
unlocked my cuffs and lifted the singlet up and over my head. She
then started to pull my knickers down at the front, stoo ping to
take a good look at my pussy as she did so. She paused with the
knickers around my knees, looked up, and down again, then said,
"Matron, I think she is up right now!" Matron came over. "I would
not be surprised, she's just spent the last hour with the lovely
Dr. King which would be enough to give most girls a little
tingle!" "What?" I said, "what's wrong?" "Oh, don't worry Susan,
nothing we can't put right, but we have to check your responses
to sexual stimuli, and it seems you are already stimulated. In
short Susan you are having an erection! Well, that's what happens
in boys, but girls have equivalent reactions and you are
displaying them right now are you not? Hard nipples, your chest
and neck is flushed pink, your pupils are dilated, you have wet
your panties and as nurse Harris has just noticed your clitoris
is standing to attention, QED I'd say wouldn't you?" I went very
red, my face burned. I looked down and sure enough there was a
tiny glistening strand of mu cus hanging between my legs and I
could actually see my clit peeping out from under it's little
pink hood. "We will teach you how to suppress these feelings
Susan, we believe it's the inability to control your lusty
tendencies that gets girls like you into the kind of trouble you
are in." I was quite shocked, I was guided to the edge of the
couch where I sat and let the panties fall to the floor. Nurse
Harris set about looking for a vein in the pit of my elbow. She
tut tutted at the ancient needle scars on my forearm. She took my
blood, then fitted a heart monitor around my chest strapped under
my boobs. She made me lie on the couch and lifted each ankle up
into the stirrups. I hated this, and my heart rate registered my
distress. "Oh Susan, no need to be so wound up! Maybe nurse
harris can give you a little something to calm things down."
Seconds later a needle went into my upper arm, and within a
minute I was relaxed, docile and quite enjoying myself. "There,
there Susan, try to relax and think about what a lovely time you
had with Dr. King, she was too late I was already fantasising
about him. I shuddered and gasped a deep breath as the evil
looking speculum went in. It stretched me wide, wider than I'd
ever been stretched, I thought about Martin with an impossibly
huge cock tearing my tiny slit as he pushed into me. Whatever the
drug was that was in me, it was doing a great job of turning the
worst medical procedure a girl has to endure into a fantastic
sexual trip. Someone, Matron or Nurse Harris was gently massaging
my clit, and someone was stroking me inside, long sweeping
strokes across my g-spot. I tried to move my arms and found they
were strapped down, my waist also strapped to the couch. I could
not move, I was trapped, just like always, trapped and being
abused, but in this case beautifully abused. As my orgasm built,
the images of Martin were replaced by the face of Phipps staring
down at me getting ready to kick my open cunt. Jus t like the
borstal wardens had kicked me black and blue as I cried and
begged them to stop. I saw the toothbrush zipping in and out of
my foaming butt hole and remembered the horrible trick Phipps
played with the cotton bud. The orgasm washed over me, I
shuddered and convulsed in ecstatic waves of pleasure and horror
all rolled up into one mind bending fantasy.

As I came to my senses, Matron's voice cut through the confusion.
"Well Susan what a hot little number you are. I think we have
marked your card young lady. There will be no more orgasms for
you here that go unpunished. That one we have used to measure
your responses, so we know what we are dealing with. Now, on with
business, I'm going to do a pap test now and then you will be
fitted for your contact, which is just like having a cervical cap
fitted so no big deal." My cunt was hypersensitive after the
orgasm, I cringed as she brushed the tissue from my cervix and
each time she accidentally bumped against my engorged clit. Then
the awful rigmarole of selecting different rubber rings, placing
them on my tender cervix and tracing the rim with her finger to
check the fit. Having measured it Nurse Harris brought over a
correctly sized contact. This was the same shape and construction
as a cervical cap, but inside the cup it had a thin metal shaft
with a bulbous end that would ent er and fill the neck of the
womb when in fitted in place. Around the shaft and concentric
with the rim of the cap was another ring, the rim of which was
wound with silver wire. This would rest on the surface of the
cervix when the cap was pressed in place. From the top of the
dome a thin silicone rubber coated electrical flex emerged which
was about four inches long with a small socket at the end. Matron
explained that this device was used to maintain attention at all
times in classes. Also it could be and would be used to deliver
painful summary punishments. "This goes in each morning and is
handed back for sterilisation each evening. You will be issued
with your tail, which is a piece of wire that plugs into this
socket and runs up under your clothes to the waistband of your
skirt. You plug the tail into your seat in the classrooms. My
mind was unable to take it all in but I felt a twinge of bruising
pain as the contact was fitted into place. Matron took my legs
out of the stirrups and strapped them down tight to the couch. I
saw her take a thin wire and fish between my legs to connect it
to the socket which nestled just inside my vagina. "Are you ready
Nurse Harris?" "Yes Matron" came the reply. "Now Susan this is
what you will feel if you are caught daydreaming in class" There
was a stinging stab inside me and my hips jerked involuntarily,
then I gasped as a deep aching persistent and acute pain flowed
deep down in m belly. I heard my own voice wail in response to
this untouchable unstoppable horrible pain. "And this is a taste
of what you get if you are found to be disobedient or aroused."
This time my whole body went rigid with the initial burst of
electricity. This was followed by the most agonising and
persistent waves of convulsing pain, as if someone had grasped my
innards and was ripping them apart inside me, I screamed loudly
again and again and gasped and sobbed as the pain eventually
subsided. When my composure was regained Matron explained that
the electricity was passed in one second bursts with a second in
between. Usually, to stop daydreaming one would get a nine-volt
pulse for two or three seconds. The punishment pulse I had just
been given was a twenty-volt pulse. Normal punishments could last
two to three minutes and were usually administered in front of
everyone at the penal session each week. In exceptional cases
thirty volt pulses were given, which often caused feinting, but
matron was always on hand to revive the girls with smelling salt
so that they could complete their punishment. "So you see Susan
we really do want you to be an attentive and clean minded girl
while you are here." I could not take in what I had just heard.
The thought of such a barbaric punishment for young women was
sickening. Someone had deliberately targeted the most painful
spot in a girl's anatomy and designed a device to electrocute it.
I shuddered at the thought. Matron was undoing the straps. I was
damp with swea t. "So, Susan, you will be inspected regularly for
signs of arousal and you can expect to be punished if any are
found. There is one other precaution we take, and that is to make
the signs of arousal much more obvious so we can see if you are
having an erection or not more easily. If you will follow Harris
into the next room you will meet Amanda, she's been here six
months and can show you exactly what we mean." I was still pretty
shaky from the orgasm and then the horrid electric shocks. I
figured the drug was wearing off though and, after having my tail
disconnected followed the nurse through a sliding door. A girl
was sitting naked on a couch. Her uniform clothes folded next to
her, her panties were soaked with what looked like urine. The
girl sat huddled with her head hung low, face hidden by her
shoulder length blond hair. Harris took me by the arm and stood
me in front of the sobbing naked girl. "Amanda has just gone
three minutes of thirty volts for being a little slu t. You can
see what thirty volts does, makes you piss your knickers doesn't
it Amanda?" The girl nodded slowly without looking up. "Two of
Amanda's friends even shat their pants!" Harris was obviously
gloating. "Well Amanda our new girl Susan needs to see how we
caught you so easily, so stand up and lean back against the couch
and let's have a look at you shall we?" The girl sighed and
looked up, her beautiful face was tortured, red with salt tears
and drawn with pain and anxiety. She shuffled her lithe naked
body off the couch and stood before me hips thrust toward me and
legs apart. I looked down at her pussy and my mouth fell open in
amazement. There above her naked slit hanging down at least 2
inches was what looked for all the world like a tiny penis, her
clit was absolutely enormous! 'Now, Amanda, do me a favour and
we'll go a little easier on you, why don't you think about what
you were up to last night mmm? You and the other girls, having a
little party were you. Ama nda closed her eyes, she raised her
right hand and fondled her breasts, almost instantly her nipples
stiffened, and below in front of my very eyes that pink lobe of a
clit began to harden and protrude outward like a real little
erection. I looked at Harris, she pulled a plastic ruler from her
pocket, two sharp slaps on her clit made Amanda yelp and bend
double looking at us with wild and hunted eyes. "That's enough
Amanda, we get the picture, any more and you will be making
another appearance at the penal session tomorrow." The girl
shuffled back up on the couch and resumed her position. Harris
guided me back next door where matron was waiting.

Matron explained that all the inmates and the Midway were engaged
on a strict programme of clitoral enlargement. I shuddered,
imagining painful surgical procedures. She then showed me the
vacuum tube and the pump. "It's important that you learn to do
this without getting the other symptoms of an erection, and that
can take some practice. We make you do this at break times, where
everyone can see you so you don't start let your mind wander onto
subjects that may cause arousal. Here Susan let me show you how
it works, come on it's not going to hurt." Harris shoved me
toward the couch where I took up a similar position to Amanda,
leaning back slightly with my hips pushed forward. Harris took
the tube and gently fished with her finger to locate my still
tender clit. She pressed the tube, about the size of a test tube
with a rubber seal at the rim, over my clit and it's little pink
hood. Then, from the end of the tube a plastic pipe lead to a
rubber bulb, which she pumped a few ti mes. I felt a slight tug
and a little tingle as my clit and the hood swelled slightly and
protruded into the tube. "You will do this to yourself for one
hour a day until you can fill the tube with your clitoris." I was
sceptical but nodded in response. "Here Susan pump yourself up
please." I took the rubber bulb and squeezed it a few times, I
looked at the swelling pink bud, a few more pumps and it had
filled the first half-inch of the four inch tube. "Leave it on
Susan and remember to give it a few pumps every now and again to
maintain the suction." I felt really stupid standing there with a
little glass penis sticking out from my cunt; I was very
self-conscious and found the whole procedure more than a little
surreal. Deep down however there was a strange curiosity about
how it would feel to have a clit the size of Amanda's, although
it had looked shocking, I was fascinated to wonder how it felt
during an orgasm. I stood there with my tube attached holding the
rubber bulb trying to anticipate the next shocking revelation
about the goings- on at the Midway.

