Simon leans against the fence, watching the transport take off from the small loading dock Jayne's built on the outskirts of the farm. As soon as the ship’s safely broken atmo he pushes himself up onto the top rail and, shielding the sun from his eyes with the flat of a hand, he enjoys the sight of the Jayne's muscles flexing as he sorts through his latest deliveries from off rock. "Will you be finished soon?" he calls. "I thought we were going for a ride."

Jayne stops loading boxes onto the mule then looks up and guffaws. "You can ride me any gorram time of the day you want, Doc. Y'only have to ask."

Simon's still amazed at the hold Jayne has over him. It's been five years since they settled here on Gainsborough Ranch--Love Knot Farm as it’s known locally--and the big man still has the power to make Simon stiff in his underwear from a single word, often just a syllable will do.

Jumping off the fence he strolls over to the mule. "What have you got in these boxes?" he asks in confusion. 

"Just stuff for my barn." Jayne's grin is wide and toothy and he's obviously full of himself. "Nothing you need to worry your pretty head over."

Jayne's barn is indeed a mystery to Simon. As far as he can see, on the few occasions he’s dared to take a look inside, it still houses nothing more than a thousand broken things that can be of no use to anyone. Not much different to when they first arrived, only there's so much more of the junk now.

Stopping what he's doing Jayne suddenly pulls Simon close, looking at him, like he often does, as if it’s the first time he’s laid eyes on him. “Wo de ma, Doc. I am the luckiest rutting sumbitch in the verse." He takes Simon's mouth in a kiss, pushing his tongue deep inside for Simon to suck on and they make out for a while against the mule until Simon is aching with need and grinding himself shamelessly against Jayne's crotch.

"I think you'll find I'm the luckiest," he laughs when he finally pulls away, wide eyed and aroused beyond belief. "Hurry up, ai ren. It's going to be a nice evening. I'll pack us some food and we'll take the horses out -- once you've finished restocking the scrap yard, that is."

Jayne looks wounded. "No need to be like that, Doc," he grunts. "It's all useful stuff in there. No different to your fancy surgery."

"Which is immaculately clean and full of medical equipment that’s frequently used to save lives around here." Simon has built up a part time practice to tend to the few people who've taken up residence in Gainsborough. The population mostly consists of transient speculators, but there are a few traders who’ve set up business in the town and brought their families to live here.

"Like I said, useful just like my barn," laughs Jayne. He swings an arm back around Simon and pecks him on the lips. "I'll see you up at the stables in two ticks, Doc."

Simon heads back to the house, over the moon at having a chance to relax with Jayne now that the yearlings have finally been sold at a good price and shipped off to their new owners. The weather is glorious and they must make the most of it because winter will soon be on them and then it'll be months of snow, blazing fires and love making buried under a heap of blankets. Not that there’s anything wrong with that, but he loves to see Jayne in all his naked glory.

Packing a spread of pies, jerky and cakes into saddlebags and adding a couple of bottles of apple cider at the last minute, he then goes to the gun cupboard to collect rifles and shotguns. He has a love of hunting now. The natural order of killing to eat makes sense to him. Life finally makes sense.

Jayne’s waiting for him at the stables, horses tacked up and ready, and once Simon has fastened the saddlebags and guns into place on his own mare he passes over weapons and a bedroll.

"Hope you ain't forgotten anything important," says Jayne and Simon shows him the miniature bottles of spiced and mentholated oils that always give an added buzz to their sexual adventures. 

"Your favourites, ai ren," he says with a smile that’s laden with intent.

Jayne slams Simon against the side of the building and works his lips over every available patch of skin. "The things you do to me," he groans, licking into Simon's mouth. "Some day I’m gonna wake up in my bunk on Serenity and find out this has just been one long gan ni niang of a dream."

"Then what will you do?" Simon smiles against that bearded mouth and slides a hand inside Jayne's pants, curling his fingers around the solid ji ba that's already wet and wanting. 

"I'll march on down to the med bay to find that prissy doctor then I’ll show him exactly how good it feels to be fucked by a big old merc."

"He'd love that," laughs Simon. "He always did have a fondness for hairy man apes, even if he didn't want to admit it at the time." He begins to use all that natural lubricant pouring off Jayne to glide his fingers up and down.

"You'd better quit that now if'n you're wanting a thrust later on," growls Jayne. "I keep telling you I ain't a young man."

Regretfully Simon pulls his hand out of Jayne’s pants and licks his fingers suggestively. "You're a perfectly healthy specimen and I'm going to be getting a lot of you later on."

"All of me," grins Jayne as he mounts up.

"All of you," agrees Simon as he boosts himself into the saddle of his own horse, Isis and leads the way up into the hills.

The thing that Simon loves most about living here, apart from having Jayne all to himself, is the lack of boundaries. He feels as if he owns the whole world and is richer in every way than when he was living in the lap of luxury on Osiris. They ride where they want to, have each other whenever and wherever they feel like and, when it's hot, they spend entire days as naked as the moment they arrived in the verse.

When dusk falls they dismount from their horses and wait patiently amongst the scrub with shotguns at the ready, hoping to pot a couple of rabbits to roast. The bramble patches nearby are full of them and after a relatively short while they have two well fed bucks in the bag. 

Jayne builds a fire whilst Simon guts and cleans the carcasses in the stream, spitting them onto stakes then placing them over the flames on a framework of soaked sticks.

"We haven't done this for so long," he says as he sits turning the meat. 

"No, we ain't and you say the same old thing every gorram year." Jayne guffaws and pours out two mugs of cider adding a splash of whiskey to each. He passes one to Simon. "To us."

"To us." Simon leans against Jayne, feeling himself harden from the close contact. His fingers linger over Jayne's crotch as he unzips his fly and tugs his cock free from the clothing. "You take over the cooking, ai ren. There's some important business I have to deal with right now."

Keeping clear of the fire Simon lays his head in Jayne's lap, curling around him and suckling softly at his ji ba.

"I ain't certain..." Jayne mutters.

"I won't make you come," promises Simon, looking up at him. "But I need you in my mouth. I’ve been thinking about it all day."

Jayne sighs with delight, pushing his pants down for easier access and stroking a hand through Simon's hair as he nuzzles into him, lavishing him with soft licks and gentle sucks. "You can do that all gorram night if'n you've a mind to."

Simon looks up again and smiles. "I fully intend to, but don't let the dinner burn." 

As promised Simon keeps it at low rev, enjoying every moment as he pushes his own pants down to his thighs and lets his cock rest stiff against his body, giving it an occasional comforting squeeze. It's as perfect an evening as he could have possibly wished for.

When the rabbits are done and the fire is burning steadily Jayne plates up the food then turns his attention to Simon, stripping him of his clothes with a tenderness to his actions that no one else will ever see. Not for the first time Simon finds himself wishing that they could have had a child together, but this is more than enough. More than he could have ever hoped for, he knows as Jayne kneels and reverently takes him into his mouth for a moment, rolling his tongue around the knob and then swallowing him deep into his throat. It's almost enough to make Simon come there and then and, with a smile, he pushes Jayne away from him. "You're too good at that."

Jayne laughs, stripping off in his usual uninhibited way and they sit together, lounging naked against each other as they eat and drink and talk about life. 

This is love, Simon knows for a fact. An intense yet comfortable longing to be with someone forever. 

*

The next couple of weeks are a much needed vacation for the two men. Neither of them are ever idle, but with fewer livestock to care for they can devote more time to each other and less to looking after the ranch. 

Whilst Jayne is down in Gainsborough, picking up some items from the mercantile and having a good old gossip, Simon decides to get some maintenance done on the solar panels to make sure they’re waterproof before the snow sets in. He’s practically finished when he hears the mule coming up the driveway. 

“Simon, I got something important… What in gorram hell are you doing up that ladder? I reckon we had an agreement since you almost fell off the roof.”

“I’m done now.” Simon slides downwards, not even touching the rungs and smiling at Jayne as he lands neatly on the ground. He’d be laughing if it wasn't for the fact that he knows something’s wrong. Jayne never calls him by his given name unless he has worries preying on his mind. “What is it, ai ren?”

“Them reports we been hearing over the Cortex. Well, they ain’t just rumour no more.”

Simon feels a chill trickle down his spine. For a month or two now they’d been receiving waves mentioning Reaver sightings in the sector, but up until now nothing had been confirmed.

“They took out Sheerness. Killed most everyone and left nothing behind but charnel,” says Jayne in a somber voice. “The ones who did survive hid in a cellar and don’t have much to pass on, but they said at least three ships rolled in full of them hundan.”

“That’s worrying,” says Simon carefully. However frightened he might be, he knows not to reveal his feelings. Jayne has a strong emotional reaction to Reavers and for good reason too. His sisters were slaughtered in front of him when he was a boy and his fears have grown exponentially since Simon suffered a near rape by a loner right here at the farm.

“Clarry and Della from the mercantile are organising a town meeting at the Mayor’s house tonight so we can discuss what needs to be done.”

“Sounds like a good idea,” says Simon in as calm a voice as he can muster.

The day passes by with both of them lost to their thoughts, keeping themselves busy doing chores to take their mind off things. It doesn’t work. Simon remembers the horrendous time they suffered down the mines. The bodies that had been flayed alive and left to hang. The claustrophobia as they were trapped by the subterranean lake. The sheer terror as their hiding place had been discovered and they had to swim up through that narrow cleft between the rocks. He’d prayed several times over for death and almost drowned once.

After supper they get bathed and dressed up in best clothes and it almost feels as if they’re going on a date. They haven’t had many of those in their lives together. It’s a good walk into town, but both of them feel like the exercise and as they approach the Mayor’s house Jayne looks sideways at Simon and it seems their thoughts are on a similar wavelength.

“I remember that dinner you made me here. Made me feel like something special for the first time. Like I was valued.”

“There’s no one I could value more,” says Simon and it’s the truth. Up until coming to Gainsborough, River had meant everything to him and of course he still loved her with all his heart, but Jayne had been and still was a revelation. His joy.

“‘Nough of this sentimental gou shi, Doc.” Jayne grins. “We got important things to discuss tonight.”

“You started it,” mutters Simon as he follows him into the open door.

No one lives in the Griffith House. It's been adopted as a meeting place for town business and general get togethers. They hold anything here from shindigs to bake sales and it even serves as the school house for the few youngsters living in town. The other buildings--the ones that are still standing after the Reavers hit--are too big and impersonal for a microcosm community as theirs is now.

"Welcome, boys," says Clarry. "Come through. Della's made some iced tea, just the way we like it." He winks conspiratorially at Jayne and Simon hopes the man doesn’t offer around too many drinks tonight. He’d like them both to make it back home in one piece.

The six children are out playing in the yard at present and it seems the right moment to jump in at the deep end and discuss the current Reaver problem without any little pitchers getting scared.

Simon and Jayne take a glass of tea then sit themselves down on the couch and from looking around at the small group of townsfolk it's apparent, from the palpable fear in the room, that no one's brushing this problem aside.

"So," says Clarry. "What’s everyone’s thoughts on the matter?"

"Sheerness is no more than a week away from here," says Finnegan, the lawyer from Hartford. "But I'd suggest they're more likely to have headed for the more populous parts of the sector. After all what is there to plunder from us?"

"Contents of the gorram mine for one thing," says Jayne. "They was based up there last time and it must've been for a reason."

"You know that for a fact?" says Finnegan with an air of disbelief about him.

"We absolutely do," says Simon haughtily. "We were trapped inside there surrounded by hundreds of Reavers for days."

The room falls silent a moment. Neither Jayne nor Simon enjoy talking about that time and it’s remained a secret to all but their closest of friends.

The quiet spell is eventually broken by Valerie, a mouse of a lady who organises the delivery runs and general Cortex services. "I've been reading and plotting every sighting and report and it seems as if they're closing in rather than heading away from us."

The tension increases. "So," says Clarry. "What do we do?"

"Make plans to defend ourselves, is what," says Jayne, getting to his feet. "They can have the mine if'n they want it, but they ain't having our rutting town. Reckon we get started tomorrow building barricades and setting up trips and snares on the outskirts. If we’re ready for ‘em it ain’t gonna be a problem."

"Or," says Marshall who runs the arable farm near their ranch. "We leave."

Jayne looks at him incredulously. "Just up and go! Y'aint serious, Marsh?"

"Jayne, I know how much this place means to you and Simon," says Della. "But some of us have children and none of us want our loved ones to die at the hands of Reavers. We'll go somewhere safe and come home once the threat is over."

This makes sense to Simon, but apparently not to Jayne.

"And what about our livestock? We just gonna put them on a ship and send them off to a fancy Skyplex hotel for a vacation?"

"We could take them to Mal and Inara's," says Simon, trying to be rational and keep Jayne calm. "I’m sure Zoë and Wash would transport us and the horses at short notice."

Jayne glowers at him. "So you're as keen as the rest to desert, huh, Doc?"

"It does seem to be the sensible option." Simon shrugs. Love Knot Farm will always be theirs; they've rebuilt it twice now. They can do it a third time.

Jayne sits back down, folding his arms and glaring at everyone.

"Let's put this to a vote," says Clarry. "See how the land lies as such. Those in favour of shipping out until the threat is over please raise your hands."

It's unanimous bar one big paw. Simon feels like a traitor, but he has to say how he feels and he can't go through yet another Reaver attack. "I'm sorry, ai ren," he murmurs.

"Ain't your fault," says Jayne and Simon is relieved that the big man’s being so level headed about it, not a common character trait in him, but perhaps he too is starting to see the possibilities. They'll stay with Mal and Inara on Shadow. They'll visit family. They'll go on dates. Simon actually feels positively light headed.

"I'll arrange a transport ship for us all then," says Valerie in a small voice. "I do hope everyone is planning on returning."

Aside from a few sentimental speeches, the meeting is all but over and, with barely one iced tea drunk between them, Simon and Jayne find themselves trudging back up the track to the farm.

"I'll wave Mal and Zoë as soon as we get in," says Simon, brimming with enthusiasm. "Then we can work out the logistics of shipping and rehousing the horses. Blaze will be the biggest problem. He's an angry sod when he doesn't get his own way."

"He ain't gonna be a problem 'cause he ain't going nowhere," says Jayne pleasantly. "You take yourself off to Shadowville or Capital City, wherever the hell you want, and I'll see you back here when you're done running."

"Jayne, don't be ridiculous," says Simon indignantly. He knew this was going too well. "It's just a farm, my love."

"It ain't just a farm to me,” growls Jayne. “It's home and I won't allow it to be overrun by a few rotting hundan." Leaving Simon for dust, he strides off across the yard, disappearing into the shadows.

Simon's terrified because he knows Jayne is deathly serious about staying behind to protect the place. He finds him in the kitchen making a pot of coffee and decides on some devious and underhanded tactics. "One soldier, however big he is, cannot defend an entire town against a Reaver attack," he says, slipping both arms around his irascible, wonderful, stubborn man.

"Town can go to hell far as I'm concerned. I'm only here to look after our home." Breaking free of Simon, Jayne pours two mugs of coffee then sits down at the table and starts scribbling on a notepad.

"Jayne," says Simon in a wheedling tone that feels all wrong nowadays. "Think of the fun we could have off world. The games we could play." He straddles Jayne's knee. "All that time just to spend fucking each other."

"Didn't think you was a trained companion," says Jayne and yet his voice is roughening with arousal. 

"Just a whore," says Simon, biting into Jayne's neck. "Remember how I dressed up for you? I can do that again if you like."

All the time he's speaking, he's wriggling out of boots and clothing until he's naked from waist down, his cock jutting urgently upwards, hard beyond belief at the memory of his one night spent as a woman.

“I remember my girly boy full well. That was some dirty time we had in that brothel.” Jayne unfastens his pants, pushing them and his underwear down to mid thigh then reaching behind him for a dish from the counter. "Gonna slick you up proper, baobei," he says, slathering himself and then thrusting his greasy fingers into Simon, "You're as tasty as buttered corn now, all hot and sweet and salty. Would eat you out only I have to get in you now and bounce you on my knee."

Fuck! Simon's panting with desire, close to coming just from Jayne's filthy words. He lets Jayne lift him and then impale him on that trunk of a ji ba. Cries out as Jayne digs fingers into his hips, jostling and jiggling him on his knee until his nerves inside are singing with delight.

"Want me to keep playing with you like this?" says Jayne, his buttery fingers sliding upwards underneath the white button down shirt to tweak hard at a nipple. “Shall I tease your little titties some?”

Simon throws back his head and keens with pleasure as Jayne drives him wild with these miniscule movements and wild words. He's going to explode. He's about to erupt like a volcano. Come like a fountain in an upward stream of spunk. The butter smell pervades his senses and Jayne bucks into him hard with one slam of the hips.

"That's it, my pretty one," growls Jayne as Simon arches back and comes in a torrent, without one touch to his cock. Wrapping his fingers tight around him Jayne brings him back to earth with a steady stroke, then standing up, still lodged deep inside, he pushes him onto the table and fucks him with such powerful thrusts that Simon mewls with delight. Moments later Jayne's coming with a roar and Simon's a whimpering wreck following a dry but overwhelming second climax, scant minutes after the first.

"I love you, Simon."

Jayne doesn't disguise his words with Mandarin and pet names and Simon can't halt the tears that are running down his cheeks. “I love you too.”

*

"Come on, boys. Time to board," says Clarry and then he stands there a frown on his face and hands splayed on hips when he sees that neither of them have any luggage. "You ain't thinking of staying, you feng le pair of idiots."

"Home is where the heart is," smiles Simon. Although it's not true at all; his home and his heart are where Jayne is and he won't be parted from his man, not for all the credits in the verse, nor the Reavers for that matter. "You take care and we'll see you soon," he says, holding up a hand in a goodbye gesture.

"Don't be reckoning on having any hooch left in the store when you get back," laughs Jayne.

"Anything there is yours, my friend," says Clarry. "Take what you need and, most of all, stay safe."

"I ain't intending on getting ate," says Jayne with a wink. "Lessen it's the fun kind of way."

"Jayne," hisses Simon, amazed that even after all these years he can still be shocked by the man's crude mouth.

They watch the transport take off with Jayne still guffawing with laughter at Simon's rosy cheeks. "Whole rock's ours now, pretty boy. Gonna put them pouty lips to better use than a sulk?"

Despite the fact he's sorely tempted to fall to his knees and suck Jayne off right here, Simon knows they have more important things to be doing. They talked long into the night discussing ways and means of securing the farm. Simon's job is to make the farmhouse safe plus install some monitoring equipment so they can see exactly where any threat is coming from.

Jayne's going to rig up traps in the outlying areas and also to devise some kind of safe room where they can go if needs be. He says he has just the place in mind which is bound to be the old ice store. The man uses up all his imagination in the bedroom.

Simon has one other important thing to take care of at home whilst Jayne's at the mercantile stocking up.

*

They have a dedicated source box for business purposes and that evening they sit in the den listening to live messages and reading through reports on the Cortex. Jayne’s mapping every co-ord in his scruffy notepad and Simon’s logging everything onto a datagrid so he can reference the information quickly if needs be.

“We’re in trouble, aren’t we?” says Simon quietly after a while.

Jayne gets up and paces the room. “I already planted some surprises for them gan ni niang, and if they so much as come near the farm they’ll get a gorram shock.”

“It won’t stop them,” says Simon. 

“Vera’ll do that just fine,” says Jayne and then he stops striding and comes to a halt by Simon, resting his hands on his shoulders. “Wave Zoë. She and Wash can take you someplace safe.”

“I won’t go without you,” says Simon and he takes hold of Jayne’s hand and kisses it. “I’ll stay by your side. There’s no place I’d rather be.”

Jayne draws Simon to his feet and they kiss, old fashioned and slow, nurturing each other with gentle touches and the closeness that comes from just holding. The night time chores are done in a similar fashion as if they physically can’t bear to be apart and, other than checking the barricades then collecting a capture device to keep an eye on the monitors, tonight is no different to any other.

“Reckon the horses’ll tell us as soon as something is amiss,” says Jayne, lying naked on the bed as Simon views the images. “That said, you are still a gorram genius,” he adds as he peers around the side of Simon and looks at the screen. “Reckon you could rig up a camera on us sometime?”

“You want to make some dirty captures?” says Simon with a slow smile of realisation.

“Sure would be fun,” says Jayne. “Want some of you wearing a negligee and me spanking your pretty white ass all covered in silk and come.”

“Fuck, Jayne.” Simon had thought they’d be making love tonight, but the way Jayne’s looking at him with lust filled eyes turns him shivery and hot all at the same time. 

He makes a sudden grab for Simon, pushing him prone onto the bed, and then spreading his butt cheeks he buries his face and begins to tongue him, circling his hole and then worming his way inside.

“Wo de tien a,” murmurs Simon as his senses are assaulted by the delicious brush of beard scouring his tender skin and the slithering wet muscle that’s pushing its way in. He humps the bedclothes, thrusting shamelessly back against Jayne’s mouth and enjoying the inexorable ascent to orgasm as he sprawls bonelessly across the bed with Jayne eating him out, slurping and licking at him and then rolling him over the moment his climax begins, to swallow every mouthful of come.

“I gotta have you,” says Jayne and his voice is deep and gritty as he hoists Simon’s legs over his shoulders and fucks into him.

“You got me. In fact they’d have to drag me away from you,” says Simon as he gazes earnestly at Jayne’s face. “I’m here where I belong and this is where I’m staying.”

“I’m where I belong,” grins Jayne. “Inside your tight little ass.”

*

They’ve never had as much sex as they do that week. Whether it’s adrenaline based or the fear of losing each other Simon has no idea. All he does know is that in between turning the farm into Love Knot Fort they fall on each other constantly, licking and sucking and fucking each other to climax after heady climax until both of them are near enough dry

They’re in the middle of a long lasting sixty nine on the couch when there’s a distressed sound from the stables. 

“Get your skivvies back on and fetch the guns from the cupboard,” says Jayne as he heads straight to the kitchen door to see what he can see.

"Tamade," grunts Jayne. "It's a ship. I gotta get to my barn. You stay here."

Simon looks up. He might not be able to make out the detail, but there's no distorted outline from bodies. Nor is there a blazing trail of radiation burn. "Jayne." Simon grabs his arm. "It's not Reavers."

"Hell, I ain't taking no chances," says Jayne, stomping off and Simon shrugs and watches the ship's thrusters turn as it readies to land.

Like a one man army Jayne reappears, covered with bandoleros of bullets zigzagging across his chest. His gun belt is festooned with grenades. He has an assault rifle slung over one shoulder, a laser pistol and an automatic in his holsters. None of this is entirely unexpected except for the small issue of the rocket launcher he's carrying.

"Jayne?" says Simon.

"Yeah, Doc." Jayne advances on the ship, weapon trained on the rear hatch which is opening slowly.

"Where did you get the launcher?"

"From my barn," says Jayne, never taking his eyes off the target and Simon feels as if he's been told all he needs to know.

"Is that a rocket in your pocket or are you just glad to see me, Jayne Cobb?" says a familiar voice from a familiar person wearing a familiar brown coat. 

"Mal? Gorrammit, if it ain't Mal Reynolds," yells Jayne, putting the launcher down and marching forwards with his hand outstretched. "What in rutting hell are you doing here, cap'n?"

"Well see, we were out and about and we reckoned we'd drop in for some high tea." Mal takes Jayne's hand, pulling him in for a hug and that's when Simon sees Zoë, Wash and Kaylee emerge from the loading bay followed by River, older but still graceful, flying towards him like a bird.

"Meimei," he gasps, clinging on to her. "You're here."

"Of course." She gives him that withering look that always makes him feel like a simpleton. "You needed us."

"D'you think we was gonna let you have all the fun, Simon?" Kaylee steps into his arms and he whirls her in a spin. "I ain't been in a battle in years."

Simon feels the burn of happy tears. "I- I'm honestly overwhelmed."

"When you told told us Jayne was being an idiot what choice did we have?" Zoë laughs at the aggrieved grumbling sound coming from the big man.

"Zo, that ain't fair," says Mal. "Jayne's always being an idiot. Just more so on this occasion."

"Was I okay landing in the paddock?" says Wash. "Only I figured if we needed a quick getaway it would be the best place."

"Of course," says Simon.

"Reckon it's a good thing you didn't choose the dock or the meadow," guffaws Jayne. "I rigged them up with mines this morning."

Simon's aghast. "You didn't think to tell me," he says. "I could've been blown sky high."

"I was gonna, Doc." Jayne's eyes widen. "Only if'n you recall we got distracted soon as I got in."

Simon blushes, remembering the hot and heavy sex session on the kitchen table: one of their favourite places to fuck. "Come in," he says to take his mind off his embarrassment and, draping an arm around Kaylee and River, he leads them to the house. "I have venison stew on the range if anyone's hungry."

Wash looks at Zoë. "You need to make me stew."

She smiles sweetly at him. "I will the day you shoot a deer, honey."

*

The house is filled with the sounds of people and, deliriously happy, Simon hops into bed and curls around Jayne. They may not be here for a party, but in some ways it's better. They're here because they're family and they won't let Jayne and Simon down.

"You coulda told me you'd asked them to come," says Jayne.

"I didn't ask them anything," says Simon. "I waved them all to explain what was happening in case we didn't get another chance." He waved to say goodbye. "Was that wrong?"

"Y'aint got the capacity for doing wrong, Doc," says Jayne, scooching down the bed to take Simon into his mouth.

Simon never imagined he'd be so unashamed of being loved by anyone and as Jayne works him with lips and tongue he moans out his pleasure.

*

"Jayne, you appear to have the entire Federation arsenal in here," says Simon, looking around in amazement at the contents of the military bunker that's been installed beneath the floor of the barn. "How did you? When did you? How didn't I notice?"

"Told you it was just as useful as your gorram surgery." Jayne looks around proudly at his handiwork.

Mal and Zoë are equally as dumbstruck.

"Reckon I'll wave Inara and reassure her I'll be safer here than at home," says Mal eventually.

"Ain't no time for tattling," says Jayne. "We need to get ammo and weapons into every room so's we can deal with them hundan soon as they show a hint of them ugly faces."

"You're the boss," says Mal with a grin and in this instance he's right and Simon has never been more proud.

It's a full day's work to turn Love Knot Fort into an action ready fortress, but by evening time they're done. River is collating sightings. Simon is preparing med kits to keep in each room. Wash is staring greedy eyed at the huge pot of rabbit casserole heating up in the range. The others are cleaning guns and setting up reloading stations when Kaylee comes running in from feeding the horses.

"I seen two Reaver ships," she says wide eyed with fear. "I seen them landing out to the east a ways."

"You certain, li'l Kaylee?" says Mal.

She stands hands on hips looking at him defiantly. "I know ships and I know Reavers and I know what I saw."

"All the information supports this," says River.

"How many of them are there?" says Zoë.

"We can count 'em after we kill 'em," says Jayne, buckling on gun belts and strapping up webbing, ready for a one man mission by the look of things.

"There ain't no point going out there, Jayne," says Mal, clamping a hand onto his shoulder. "Let them come to us. Then we have the advantage."

Jayne paces the room, full of nervous energy. "I know you're right, Mal. But this is my home."

"And you don't want Reavers here," says Mal. "I understand that rightly enough and that's why we ain't gonna let them in." 

Simon is so relieved that Mal is here right now. Jayne does listen and defer to him often nowadays, but he would have never done so over this. He keeps his eyes fixed to the surveillance monitors.

"I can hear them," says River in that other worldly way of hers. "There's nothing in the mine and there's nothing in the town and they're coming for us."

"Let 'em come," says Jayne, picking up Vera. "Then we can get on and make mincemeat of the rutting things."

Tension mounts throughout the evening. Talking diminishes as they eat bowls of hot food, each of them too busy with their own thoughts to resume conversation afterwards.

When they do come it's in a swarm, hundreds of them pouring up the tracks and across the fields. The dull sound of mines exploding is accompanied by an inhuman wail as body parts fly into the air. Simon knows all too well that they cannibalise each other, but he now has graphic evidence of their gruesome capabilities on the capture screens.

Jayne runs up the stairs and takes up position in the bedroom window, firing his rocket launcher at the centre of the pack and Zoe is alongside him with grenades. The others take up strategic positions and Simon is about to join them, picking up an assault rifle when the terrified whinnying from the stables distracts him. Why had they been so neglectful?

Racing outside he opens the stall doors and lets the horses run loose. They'll be fine. He and Jayne will be able to round them up afterwards and at least this way they'll be safe. 

It's only when he tries to make his way back to the house he realises that he's been totally cut off and is now directly in the path of an endless stream of Reavers. Firing his gun he fights his way through to Jayne's barn, those hands clawing at him, scraping at his skin, the stench foul as he falls backward into the bunker. Fueled on adrenaline he has a burst of speed which is enough to allow him to secure the doors.

He's got no flash light. No commlink. There'll be no power in here 'cause Jayne doesn't do electrics. He has no way of knowing what's going on outside. All he can do is pray that the others will survive the battle. The thought of being stuck here alone brings nightmare flashbacks and he curls into a ball listening to the sound of Reavers rummaging through all Jayne's beloved junk to get to him.

*

Simon has no idea how much time has passed when the sounds of battle diminish into silence and are replaced by voices calling for him.

"In here," he shouts, but his throat is dry and the words go missing. He tries again as he attempts to undo the bolts in the dark: "I'm in the bunker."

"Simon, open up," says Jayne, banging on the steel doors. "You hurt?"

"No, I'm fine." The final bolt slides out of its housing and he's free and in Jayne's arms and all's right with the verse.

"I thought you was dead." Jayne holds him so tight he can hardly breathe. "What in rutting hell are you doing in here?"

"I went to let the horses out and I got cut off," says Simon. He's angry with himself. "I feel like such a coward. Is everyone okay?"

"We're all right as rain, Doc," says Mal. "And you ain't a coward. Far from it. Though some of Jayne's stupid must be rubbing off on you I reckon. Going outside in the middle of a Reaver attack without telling anyone what you have planned ain't exactly using the workings of that big brain of yours."

"Brain must have leaked out somewhere," says River, her eyes lighting up with a wicked smile.

When they emerge into the light, dawn just creeping across the sky, Simon sees what a hard fought battle it's been. The ground is littered with bodies, but this time it's only corpses of Reavers and Simon feels a surge of pride in his belly. "You did it."

"We did it," says Zoë firmly. "One of the reasons we could take them out so easy was because they bypassed the farmhouse. They must’ve been following you into the barn."

"Dumb critters," says Jayne, keeping an arm wrapped around Simon. "Got a busy time ahead of us getting rid of them carcasses and setting the farm to rights."

"Some of us have some horses to catch," says Simon

"Thanks to you them horses are alive," says Kaylee. "I'll help, if'n you like."

"I'd like that, Kaylee,"says Simon with a smile. "I'd like that very much indeed."

*

At the end of a long few days they settle down at the kitchen table for that high tea Mal was after when he arrived. They've earned it for sure. There's always plenty of home grown food in the stores and they lay out a spread that's fit for a king. In fact there's so much to eat that Simon can't help wondering why Jayne's opening cans of preserved meat all dripping with that strange jelly substance.

"Well I never. Must be Christmas come early." says Mal, taking a knife and cutting off a chunk of the soft unspecified substance and ramming it into his mouth. "I love this stuff. Haven't had any since I was a boy."

Kaylee sighs in delight, forking up slices of the ham directly off the plate. "Almost better than strawberries," she says.

Simon loves the fact he's still bemused by them. They might be his family, but he's constantly surprised by their weird and wonderful ways.

"This pie is better even than the ham" says Kaylee, her plate overloaded. "Never reckoned you to be a cook, Simon."

"Jayne and I share all the tasks," says Simon. 

"Cepting he ain't allowed on ladders coz he has a tendency to fall off 'em," guffaws Jayne.

"One time, ai ren," smirks Simon. "And you're never going to let me forget."

"Nope," says Jayne. "Nor will I let you go up ladders again." He grins. "Though I like you well enough up against them."

Zoë coughs and moves the subject along. "Are you honestly telling me that you go out hunting, Simon?"

"Like to see any of you try and out-shoot him," says Jayne, topping everyone's glasses up. "He's a better marksman than me for certain."

"Only because you need your eyes testing," laughs Simon, although inside he's bursting with happiness because Jayne’s so proud of him.

"You fit here," says River suddenly. "I can't picture you anywhere else."

"Nor can I, meimei," says Simon, stretching an arm out to her. "Amazing as it might seem."

"A turn up for the books that's for sure," says Mal and then he raises his glass in a toast. "To all of us: here, near and gone."

Shepherd Book will always be with them in spirit.

*

They leave in a flurry of hugs and fond farewells with Simon and Jayne waving them off from the upper paddock.

"I ain't happy to see 'em go exactly," says Jayne and then he grabs hold of Simon and unbuckles his belt one handed. "But it’s shiny to have you all to myself."

He makes fast work of the button and zipper, pushing down Simon's work pants and shorts until he's semi-naked, hanging onto Jayne and thrusting shamelessly into that big fist.

"That's it, pretty man, come for me. Come for me now," croons Jayne and Simon does just that, erupting fiercely over him as if it were weeks since they'd fucked rather than hours.

Weak-kneed and blissed out Simon reaches up for a kiss. "I missed this," he says. "So very much."

After making out for a while against the fence Jayne sets Simon on his feet and tidies him up. "You tend to the horses and I'm gonna see if I can remember where the rest of them gorram mines are planted. Don't wanna have the next transport to arrive here go an explode on us."

"You're the boss," says Simon and he laughs when Jayne preens a little.

"I ain't, but I appreciate the sentiment," Jayne says and, slapping Simon on the ass, he heads off to the barn, probably to collect some mine hunting equipment. He's bound to have something of that ilk hidden in there.

Simon watches him go whilst smiling secretly to himself. He's been collecting a few things of his own and has a surprise in store for Jayne tonight that involves lingerie, sex toys and a capture device. Shiny indeed.

---end