Five to one was pretty terrible odds in a fight, even for him, Dean thought to himself. He'd had a lot more experience with hand-to-hand fighting than most guys, and could easily hold his own in a barroom brawl or a fistfight with a girl's jealous boyfriend. But that didn't mean anything now, with four men advancing on him and one wild card outside.

Four men advanced on him as a unit, moving forward in silent, threatening unison. Dean held his position, fists up and ready. Them, he could deal with. But in the near distance he could hear the roar of a motorcycle engine, closing fast: it was the brown-haired girl he had met in Truckee, whose name he still didn't know. If she had killed those kids, she could be capable of anything. That girl was definitely the wild card in this fight, the one who would change it from a brawl he could win into a trap he couldn't escape.

He still had his gun, but everything about this job was so uncertain he hardly knew who he should be shooting. Besides, Dean really didn't like killing people. It was a last resort when there was no other way out. He'd do what he had to do to survive, of course, but then he'd have to hide the bodies, think up an alibi... It always seemed to create more problems than it actually solved.

Dean jumped into the fight, trying to turn the odds in his favor by using the four men against each other. In a perfect situation, they would all get in the way and knock each other over like the Three Stooges. In actuality, three of them circled just out of his reach while one engaged him, allowing them to stay fresh while he tired himself out against the first opponent. Dean and his opponent traded blows, the man as tough and skilled as his counterpart who had jumped Dean when he first entered the tank. Dean held his own, getting in some good shots, but he took as good as he gave and he couldn't keep it up forever.

He didn't have to: a minute later, the rough engine of the motorcycle howled to a halt right outside. It was a good thing that she couldn't ride the thing through the door and just mow him down with the sword like some kind of drive-by beheading, Dean thought. At least he shouldn't have any problem with her hand-to-hand when they were on even ground.

The thick, heavy metallic door flew all the way open with a bang, loud enough to leave a ringing in Dean's ears. A curvy female silhouette, with rounded hips and flowing hair, was framed against the darkening sky. Dean remembered straining to pull that door open a few inches and tried to picture the strength it would take to throw it open like that, but failed. The guys he was fighting stopped what they were doing and looked up. Away from the fight. Not too smart.

Dean looked too, of course. Whenever he was around this girl, his eyes were drawn to her. She was all power and energy, sex and violence and rock'n'roll, and Dean had seen enough already to know that she could back all of that up and more. It was the more he was worried about, whatever kind of bad mojo she might've been working on those dead kids in Truckee. He didn't know what she was doing here, or what would happen when she jumped into the fight against him.

There were a thousand questions and puzzles and inconsistencies swirling through Dean's brain, but he pushed them aside. There was a time and place for thinking, and this was not it. What Dean had to do right now was stay alive, and as far as he was concerned there were only three things that would keep him that way: his fists, his knife and his gun.

To even the odds, he tore his eyes away from the girl and hit the closest henchman with a swift uppercut to the jaw, while the man was still distracted. The man cried out as he fell backwards, and five pairs of eyes turned swiftly to Dean. He widened his stance and readied his weapons, preparing for attack.

Three of the men were still on their feet, and the other was picking himself off the ground with anger in his eyes. Without discussion one of them turned toward Dean and swung at his head, and the fight was back on.

Dean ducked and blocked the man's blows, throwing his own punches as he could. Meanwhile, the girl was behind him, and so were the other henchmen. Dean hated having his back exposed like this, knowing that he was a walking target a mile wide, and any one of the other five people in the room could jump into the fight at any moment and change everything. As he fought off his opponent, he tried to turn his shoulders and hips with each movement, so that in a few moves he would have reversed their positions.

Before he could finish the rotation, though, something changed. Behind him, he heard the sound of a dull thud. A moment later, his opponent glanced away from the fight, over Dean's shoulder, and his eyes grew wide with shock. It was the oldest trick in the book, and Dean refused to be distracted by such a tired ploy. Instead, he moved swiftly, taking advantage of the momentary distraction and hitting the man with a sharp right hook, sending him sprawling in the dirt.

The guy went down hard, landing on his side on the packed-dirt floor, and didn't move. Dean didn't wait to see if he would get up again, but spun around on the defensive, ready for the next attack.

It never came.

When he turned, he saw something he never expected. The brown-haired girl was fighting all three of the remaining men and making it look easy. Most girls Dean had met would have a pretty hard time fighting off one man, but this chick was taking on three and kicking their asses.

He stood and watched, amazed, as she spun through the air to land a kick so hard it threw a fully-grown man off his feet, then seemed to reverse in mid-jump to attack another with her fists, raining blows on him with power and precision. Her skill was undeniable, but what was really amazing was her speed. She moved so fast, like a cheetah overtaking its prey, that her opponents hardly stood a chance. Within a minute, they were all unconscious on the floor at her feet.

It seemed nearly unbelievable, but then Dean had seen many stranger things in his life. Her superhuman fighting skills were just another question to add to the rapidly-growing list in his head, and Dean pushed it aside to deal with later.

He still had to survive this chick, and based on that performance it was clear that his odds were not good against her, even one-on-one. She must be working some kind of hoodoo to be able to do fight like that, and he had not come prepared for magic today. That stuff made Dean uncomfortable at the best of times.

Don't die, he told himself, wondering if salt rounds would have any affect on her.

But inexplicably, there was no attack.

The girl looked him over briefly and then nodded. "Hey," she said casually, as if they were old friends, not locked in some life or death struggle of good versus evil. "Nice work."

Dean blinked.

"Get the kid, would you?" she asked, nodding toward the small figure tied up in the shadows at the edge of the room, who Dean had nearly forgotten about.

Mutilated bodies seemed to appear everywhere this girl went, and so the first thought in Dean's mind was to wonder just what she wanted him to get the kid for.

He'd fought those four guys out of self-defense, but right now things were so turned around that he couldn't make heads or tales of the situation. If this girl was his enemy, were those guys his friends? Why was she acting like they were on the same side?

Still, he couldn't think of any reason why untying the hostage would be a bad thing, and those possible friends were passed out cold, so he crossed the dirt floor toward the still, quiet body.

On the far side of the tank, the light was even lower, but Dean could just make out a small figure bound to a rickety folding chair. The kid -- Dean thought it was a boy, but he couldn't be sure -- didn't move as he approached. He stooped down and ran his hands over the bounds, learning by feel what his eyes could not see. His fingers touched something both smooth and ridged, sticky at the edges, wrapped tightly around the kid's wrists. Duct tape.

Dean pulled the hunting knife from his boot and went to work on the tape, sawing through the layers carefully. He tried to keep the blade edge away from the kid's skin, but it was dark and he must've missed, because the kid suddenly began to struggle and yell.

"Hey, hey kid," Dean said, startled. "I'm here to help. I'm just cutting the tape. We're gonna get you out of here, okay?"

"How do I know you're telling the truth?" the kid asked. "How do I know you're not with them?"

"Those guys passed out on the floor?" Dean asked. Okay, if those guys were the kidnappers they were definitely not potential allies, no matter who they were fighting against. All these layers of alliance and enmity were making Dean's head hurt, so he concentrated on what was really important -- getting the kid out of there.

The kid didn't answer, but he stopped struggling. Dean finished with the tape on his wrists and moved to his ankles, each of which was separately taped to a chair leg.

When he was almost done, he looked up at the kid's face. In the low light he could just see the side of his cheek, marked with dark patches that might've been blood and bruises. "Can you walk, kid?" he asked.

"You just cut through that tape and I'll take it from there," the kid said grimly, and Dean figured he would be all right.

He helped the kid stand and they headed toward the door, walking past the prone bodies of the four attackers, who were now bound hand and foot with plastic ties. She hadn't killed them, Dean noted. She'd had unconscious prisoners and she'd gone for tying them up instead of shooting them in the head. It was probably a good sign.

"Those the guys that kidnapped you?" Dean asked the kid, looking down at the top of his dark head.

"Um," said the kid. "Kinda. They're like--" He stopped, as if searching for the right word.

Dean waited, biting his tongue. The last thing he wanted to do was jump in with some suggestion of evil spirits and scare the kid even more.

"Helpers," the kid finally finished.

"Helpers?" Dean repeated.

"They grabbed me, and then they brought me here to their boss."

Dean wanted to ask him about the boss, but then they were at the opening of the tank, and outside it was night. The sky was dark, and the moon had risen above the hills, shining huge and bright in the absence of city lights to distract. A few stars had already come out, and by their light Dean could see the girl leaning against her bike a few feet away. All the questions he'd pushed to the back of his mind came rushing back in that moment, and he was more confused than ever.

"You all right, kid?" she asked.

The kid raised his chin defiantly. "Better than those guys back there."

Dean smiled, and he saw her smile, too. "Who are you guys?" the kid asked, crossing his arms over his chest as if to say that he was unimpressed by the rescue.

"I'm Faith," the girl said. She tilted her head and looked at Dean with one eyebrow raised. He'd been tracking this girl for weeks, had already gotten up close and personal with her and gone through the things in her hotel room. It was probably time for a proper introduction.

"Dean Winchester," he said. He'd checked into the motel under the name Angus Young, and he'd been known to give girls fake names before, but something about this girl, this situation, seemed to call for a different answer.

"What's your name?" she -- Faith -- asked the kid.

"Joey," the kid answered. In the low light, he looked vaguely Hispanic, with dark hair and sun-browned skin. He was wearing jeans and a Sacramento Kings t-shirt. Purple bruises dotted his arms, and his bottom lip was split and bleeding. There were scraps of duct tape clinging to his wrists and ankles.

"Okay, Joey, put this on." She handed him a motorcycle helmet, and when the kid put it on it covered his entire head and neck and rested on his shoulders, so that he looked like some kind of alien with a really huge, shiny head.

Faith threw one leg over the motorcycle and helped the kid scramble up in front of her.

"Hop on, Handsome," she said to Dean, patting the seat of the bike behind her. "You're the bitch."

"Nah," Dean replied. "I got my car." He pointed off in the direction of the spot he'd left the Impala, nearly a mile away through a dark landscape of dry grass and metal tanks. The truth was, he would've liked to get that machine between his legs and ride off into the sunset, but he still had all those questions in his mind about Faith. He'd trusted her enough to give her his real name, but he still wasn't willing to put his life in her hands.

"All right," she said slowly. "How 'bout if I give you a ride over there?"

"Sure," said Dean, figuring that the devil he knew in this case was better than the henchmen that might be lurking elsewhere on the lot. Besides, the kid was already on the bike and there was no real good way to explain hey, now that you're rescued you might want to stay away from this lady in the leather pants because she could be evil, too.

Dean climbed on the back and reached down behind him to hold on to the sides of the seat. Riding on the back of a chick's bike was bad enough, but he'd be damned if he'd hold on to her for support.

Faith kick-started the motorcycle, and the engine roared to life underneath them. Clumps of soil and grass flew into the air as she drove through the field, curving around the tanks on a path toward the front gate, deep tire ruts cutting into the ground as they went. It was completely obvious that she'd been there; she'd made no effort to hide her tracks. If she was a guy, Dean would've said she had balls.

"Sorry, only got one helmet," Faith shouted to Dean as they rode. The wind whipped her hair and drove it into his face, and he had to keep his eyes squinted. Underneath their bodies, the motor hummed and vibrated, and Faith's muscles flexed between his legs. He didn't have much time to enjoy it, though, because soon enough they were pulling up to the Impala.

Dean climbed off the bike and leaned back against the solid steel of the Impala. "Thanks for the lift," he said. "If you want, I can take the kid from here. Don't need a helmet." Letting a girl with a big bloody sword take the hostage away was not a safe bet in this situation, as far as Dean was concerned.

Faith looked at him for a moment, her own suspicions evident in her expression. She must've seen something in Dean's face, though, because she seemed to reach some sort of conclusion and nodded. "All right," she said finally. "I just gotta ask the kid a few questions first."

This should be interesting. Dean crossed his arms and leaned back to watch. He could afford to be patient now, if she was going to let him take the kid away to safety.

"Questions?" the kid asked, seeming nervous for the first time.

"Look, I gotta catch these guys, stop what they're doing. And you're gonna help me."

"I... am?"

"Just a couple questions, okay?"

He lifted his chin like he was trying to look tough, and crossed his arms over his chest. "Okay, I guess."

Dean had to hand it to her. As he listened, she drew the kid out and got answers from him. She didn't ask a lot of questions, or talk much, and she sure didn't seem like the motherly type, but somehow she got the kid talking.

He'd been riding his bike home from school one day, he said, and he'd taken a shortcut through a back alley. He didn't know the name of the street, but it was next to the store with the sign that said "Carniceria y Jamoneria." Faith nodded like she knew where that was, so Dean didn't bother to butt in and ask. It was her show right now, anyway. In the alley, Joey said, he'd been jumped by a bunch of guys and thrown in a van. They put a piece of cloth over his face and when he woke up, he was in the metal tank. Faith asked some more questions about the guys who grabbed him, what they looked like and how they treated him, stuff like that, but to Dean none of it seemed to stick out. Joey didn't seem to know anything about what their plans were or why he was being held.

Dean wasn't sure, but from what the kid said this just didn't seem to fit the pattern of the other jobs he'd been on since he and his dad split up in Indiana. Normal, human guys abducting kids in a van? Sounded more like a bunch of sickos stealing kids and selling them on the black market or something. Which sucked, sure, but if that was the situation then Dean would do what he always did -- call in an anonymous tip on his way out of town. Cops had to be good for something.

Then, Faith asked the question that Dean himself had asked a hundred times, in a hundred different ways. It was bizarre to hear it coming from someone else, to know that she was out there with her eyes open, that she was aware of the same things he hunted in the dark. It was just another question to file away in the back of his mind, to be considered together with everything else.

"You see anything weird, kid?" It was phrased almost as an afterthought, her body relaxed as though this was nothing but a totally normal thing to ask, but Dean knew better. This was the whole point of the questioning, the one thing she really needed to know.

"Weird?" the kid answered. Dean settled back more comfortably against the car, now even more interested in how the kid would respond to her questioning.

"Y'know, just something strange," she said, keeping her tone light but locking her eyes on the kid's in a way that was totally not casual. "It's the little details that give these guys away, kid, and if you want to help bring them down you gotta tell me everything, even if it seems like it's not important."

"Well, um," the kid said, biting his lip. He knew something. "They kept saying 'she.'"

"She?"

"'She will be angry,' 'She is hungry,' things like that."

"Okay, okay," Faith nodded like she knew what he was talking about. "That's good. Anything else?"

"No, nothing. That's it."

"Okay, kid. Thanks a lot. That really helps." She reached out and ruffled his hair with one hand, and the kid's face turned bright red and he squirmed away like he was embarrassed, but Dean thought he looked secretly pleased.

Then it was Dean's turn. "What about you, Handsome?" she asked, turning her full attention to him like a spotlight on a fugitive. "You see anything?"

He thought about saying, sure, I saw a chick kick three guys' asses without even working up a sweat, that's pretty damn strange. He thought about the EMF readings he'd gotten and the way they fluctuated around that place, but he decided to keep it to himself for now.

"Nah," he said. "Just the usual." Usual for a Winchester was a little bit different from the rest of the world's, so that didn't mean much.

She gave him that same look again, the one that showed that she wasn't completely buying it, but she let it slide.

"All right, kid," she said, her attention sliding away from Dean again. "He's gonna get you home, all right?" Home safe remained unsaid. Earlier, Dean would've said he was keeping the kid safe from the likes of her, but now that she handed him over willingly, he didn't know what to think.

"Sure," Joey answered, his chin up in the air, bravado fully in place. "I'm a'ight."

"I know you are, kid," Faith said. "I'll see you around." This last seemed to encompass Dean as well, since she threw him a wink as she turned away and threw one leg over her bike, then settled the helmet in place and drove off. Dean tried not to read too much promise into that wink, but failed miserably. He was looking forward to it.

Dean ushered the kid into the Impala, and then slid behind the wheel himself and pulled out onto the road.

Dean didn't spend a lot of his time on the road rescuing victims; usually the victims of angry spirits were long dead themselves or had their own transportation. When it did happen, usually they were more of the 'how can I possibly thank you?' damsel-in-distress type, and Dean did his best to let them express their gratitude. So it was a little weird to have a kid in the Impala, but after all, Dean had grown up in this car with Sammy only a few years behind. Besides, he liked kids. In theory.

Joey didn't seem inclined to talk, but Dean couldn't resist questioning him a little further. This job was turning out to be weirder than he'd expected, and any way to get an advantage would be welcome.

"You said those guys were helpers," Dean said.

"Yeah?"

"Did you ever see their boss?"

"Some old farmer dude in a dress," the kid said. "Like really, really old. Older than my grandpa."

"A dress?" Dean repeated. At least he knew their boss wasn't a chick in leather pants. That was useful.

"Not a dress like a lady wears," the kid said, struggling to explain. "Like a nightgown or something."

"Okay, kid, I got ya," Dean said. A robe. Only certain special kinds of wackos dressed up in robes for their kidnap victims. He asked a couple more questions, but the kid didn't know anything else, or didn't feel like talking, and so he let it go.

The radio hummed at a low volume, and Joey directed their route, pointing this way and that to tell Dean where to turn. They drove toward town and detoured around the bars and motels where Dean had been, winding their way through narrow side streets all laid out in a perfect grid, the houses small and close together. Old toys were scattered in the front yards, and torn-down cars rested on blocks in the driveways. Porchlights lit up little spheres of light in front of each house, and behind windows shone the blue flame of TV screens. It was a part of Placerville that Dean usually would have missed, the part where normal life went on without hauntings or infestations, where people worried about things like bills and report cards and never knew when he passed through town.

"You can drop me here," Joey said, and Dean stopped the car in front of a corner store. Obviously he didn't trust Dean enough to show him his house. Smart. It was what Dean himself would've done if he was in that position, either now or at the age of ten.

"Listen," Dean said, quick before the kid jumped out and ran away. "You ever see one of those guys again, or if you remember anything else that happened that might help us stop them, you can call me at this number." He scribbled his cell number on the little pad he used to impersonate a police officer, then handed the page to Joey.

"Yeah, all right," the kid said. He opened the door, then turned back to Dean almost reluctantly. "Hey, thanks." He didn't elaborate.

"No problem, kid," Dean answered. "Anytime."

He nodded seriously and jumped out of the car, shutting the door behind him before he ran off toward another line of tiny houses, and Dean pulled away onto the quiet streets and drove back toward the center of town.

He was headed in the direction of the motel, but instead of returning to his empty room, he turned toward the downtown strip. The shopfronts were dark and shuttered and the town had a deserted look, but there were a few bars whose windows glowed with weak neon light. Dean pulled the Impala up to the curb outside the little diner where he'd eaten lunch only a few hours before.

Warm yellow light spilled out onto the sidewalk from the plate-glass windows, a bright oasis in the dark, dusty street. Inside, a worn Formica counter and a grill took up the left wall and some narrow booths occupied the rest of the space. A few patrons sat eating, and one lone waitress stood behind the counter, refilling salt shakers from a canister. As Dean pushed open the door, a bell tinkled softly, announcing his presence. He walked to the back of the room and took a seat at the counter.

The waitress took her time getting to him, but when she came around she set a glass of water in front of him. She was neither young nor old, with tinted blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail and a face scrubbed clean of makeup. "What'll it be?" she asked.

Dean ordered a cup of coffee and a slice of pie. The waitress brought them to him along with a fork and a napkin, and moved away, back toward the half-filled salt shakers.

The pie was peach, and it was delicious. Thick, juicy slices of fruit spilled out of a flaky crust, the flavor brassy and bold like a peach should be, but with a nearly-hidden layer of complexity beneath. There was a hint of spice as well, like maybe someone had sprinkled a bit of cinnamon in the filling. It complimented the peaches perfectly. Country music played softly on the radio, someone talked about the weather, and a newspaper page crinkled in the background. Dean finished his pie and pulled out the plain notebook he used as a journal.

He flipped to a blank page and began sketching the sword he'd seen in Faith's closet. It had a solid handle, crafted for strength and wrapped with leather for a good grip: this was a weapon that got a lot of use. The narrow crossbar made it versatile, but didn't do much to guard against injury. The blade was long, longer than was practical for a woman of Faith's height, sharp and well-cared for. One thing was sure: there was a lot more to this girl than he'd seen at first glance.

At the library, he'd made copies of the articles in Faith's motel room, and he looked them over now, and tried to read. His eyes followed the path of the words across the page and tracked over the grainy pictures, but he couldn't focus on them. No matter how many times he tried to tear his mind away from her, Dean's mind kept returning to Faith, from the way she kissed him, hot and hungry and careless, to the way she nearly flew during the fight and the steady, knowing look in her eyes as she watched him in the pool hall.

One way or another, this girl was the key to the entire hunt. Still, her every action seemed to point in a different direction, and the harder he tried to figure her out, the less he seemed to know.

In the end, Dean was left with more questions than he'd come in with. At least the place had great pie. He got another piece for the road, and headed back to the motel.

In the parking lot, he pulled the key out of his pocket and slid it into the lock, juggling the styrofoam container holding his pie and hoping not to drop it. When he pushed open the door, he was preoccupied, and he wasn't paying as much attention as maybe he should've. It was a mistake he couldn't afford to make, and because of it, he didn't realize until he was inside the room with the door shut behind him that he was not alone.

A dark figure lounged in the desk chair, feet propped up on the little desk. With only the dim light from the streetlights outside, Dean couldn't identify the person, but he had a pretty good idea who it might be.

"About time," she said.

Dean hit the lights and wished for his gun. "Faith," he said.

"Winchester," she greeted him smoothly, not getting up. "What were you doing out there?" He knew she didn't mean the diner.

"What are you doing here?" he countered. All around the room were obvious signs of what she'd been doing -- his clothes spilled in a messy pile out of his duffel, pillows crooked and towels askew in the bathroom. He tried to feel mad that she'd broken into his room and gone through his things, but he had a vivid memory of doing the same to her and he couldn't quite get that anger going like he wanted.

"I'm askin' you a question, is what I'm doin'."

Dean still didn't know who or what this chick was, or what she was up to. He didn't know what he'd expected from her, but it wasn't this quiet questioning. When she walked across a room, she was full of a powerful energy strong enough that he could almost smell it, but now she sat so still she was like a snake coiled and waiting for prey.

"I was lookin' for you," he answered. "Or whoever made those kids disappear."

She cocked her head to the side as if she were considering what he said. With heavy black eyeliner around her eyes and lipstick that was shiny red on her mouth, she was shocking against the plain, drab backdrop of the motel room. She sat reclining in the chair, feet still propped against the desk, but nothing about this encounter was relaxed or easy.

"I didn't take those kids," she said. The words were simple, but her voice had a hard edge to it, of anger maybe. She was defensive.

"No." He hadn't quite drawn his thoughts all the way out to conclusions yet, but when she said it he realized it was true. She wasn't all sweetness and light either, sugar and spice and everything nice. But the numbers just didn't add up to her being behind the disappearances, not like he'd thought at first.

She stood swiftly and braced her hands in her back pockets. "You make a habit of going lookin' for killers?"

"Only on special occasions, Sweetheart."

"Yeah, well, stay out of it next time, Babe." She took a step forward, then another, until she was about an arm's length from Dean. "You're messing with things you don't understand, and it's gonna get you killed."

Was that a warning or a threat? He had no way to tell.

"That's what they all say," Dean answered with a laugh. He had to laugh, really, because it was either that or get pissed off.

Things had been like this with her since the start, though. He couldn't get a read on this girl to save his life. She was hot and cold, kicking ass one minute and saving him the next, and she'd kept him guessing for weeks now. Conviction was everything in the hunt, and when Dean put his life at risk all he had was that thin bright line between good and evil, right and wrong. Faith did things to that conviction that Dean had never seen before, turned everything he knew on its ear and left him in a constant state of uncertainty, but all he could do was keep coming back for more.

"I mean it, Pretty Boy," she said, shoving him in the shoulder, hard enough that he stumbled back a step. "You stay out of it."

"It's a little late for that. I'm in this." He stepped closer to her again, so that they were just a breath apart. His height gave him the upper hand, but being so close was giving him flashbacks of fucking her against a bathroom wall. Mental pictures of hot, sweaty flesh and hungry kisses flashed through his mind with images of leather and lace. There was no question about this at least -- he wanted her again, and fast.

Her brown eyes met his, and he could see a reflection of his own confusion. It wasn't just him, then: neither of them knew what the fuck was going on. But overwhelming the hunt and the mystery and just about everything else for the moment, he could see desire drawn deep in her eyes. Thank God.

She must've recognized it too, because they lunged for each other like throwing a punch, meeting in the middle so hard that Dean could taste his own blood in the kiss.

It went on like that, more like a fight than like anything you might call lovemaking, but Dean had never liked that word anyway. He tried to pull her in close, but she was already there, pushing his back against the door with a strength she shouldn't have had. His dick was hard already, shockingly and achingly hard, and every time she moved -- twisting and writhing like a stripper on a pole -- his nerve endings cried out in pain.

He reached for her, wanting his hands on some part of her body and willing to settle for just about anything. His fingers found the soft flesh of her breast and squeezed it through layers of fabric, and she arched into him and cried out as if she were hurting, too.

Then her hands were at his waist and her fingers dug roughly into his belly as she grabbed at his belt buckle and pulled apart the button-fly of his jeans before shoving them down, and the hunger and the fury of the moment might actually have had Dean blacking out a little bit, because somehow her jeans came off and a condom rolled on him, and then she was climbing him like a tree and he didn't remember how it happened at all.

Her pulse was thumping underneath his tongue, hot and fierce and human, to the pace of his own wanting. His brain was greying out around the edges with the force of it, and if he couldn't be inside her in another minute he might just die of it -- but one thought pushed its way through the fog of need.

He pulled back and looked her in the eye for a second. "Christo."

Nothing happened. No change in her face, no glowing of the eyes. Whatever else was going on, she was no demon.

Then she tilted her hips and Dean's cock slid inside her, and all he could think or feel was of tight wet heat, and the part of his mind that knew or cared about things like demons or kidnappings was silent.

Faith had her legs wrapped around him like a boa constrictor about to eat its next meal, and her heel digging into the small of his back. Dean's shoulders were pressed back against the door and his hands were full of her bare ass. Her hips pumped rhythmically, riding him against the door. As her body moved her tits rose and fell, lifting toward his face and then pulling away again each time. His hands were occupied, holding up her weight, and so Dean struggled with his lips and teeth to capture one of the moving targets, suckling through the thin layer of fabric that was her tank top. He was rewarded with a rich, low moan in his ear that sent shivers across his shoulder and down his spine.

Dean could feel her warmth spreading throughout his body, the familiar sensation that he was reaching the edge of the precipice and would soon go speeding over the edge. Too soon, he thought. No, too soon too fast too--

"Fuck," Faith said in his ear, "Fuck yeah, like that, just like that--" Dean did his best to breathe and not let it all be over too quickly, reciting the lyrics to "Nothing Else Matters" in his head. It was only a few more seconds before Faith shuddered and came in another burst of curses and shouts.

Dean knew it wasn't gonna last much longer no matter what he did -- he'd been hard for this girl for weeks -- so he flipped them around and braced her against the door to give himself the leverage he needed. One hand on her hip and one on the door, and Dean gave it to her, pounding into her with long, fast strokes. He'd seen this girl in a fight; he knew she could give as well as she got, and he wasn't worried about her delicate sensibilities. She didn't disappoint, either, digging in her heels and rising to meet his every thrust, urging him on with the dirtiest mouth he'd ever heard on a girl.

There was a rushing in his ears and Dean came hard, falling forward onto Faith and pinning her against the door. She flexed her inner muscles and milked the last of his climax out of him, and it felt so good he thought he might fall over.

"Fuck, Darlin', he said into her hair, one hand stroking the gorgeous curve of her ass. "That was amazing. But next time, can we do this in bed?"

"You got it, Sailor," she said. "Take me there." So he used the last of his strength to carry her over to the bed, and they collapsed into it in a heap, sweaty and sticky and with half their clothes still hanging off their bodies.

"You rest up," Faith ordered him. "I ain't done with you yet." Dean lay back with a smile on his face as she lit up a cigarette and flicked the ash on the carpet. He thought about just asking her all those questions he'd gone over in the diner, but he'd never been much for pillow talk. Besides, he didn't think she'd actually answer anyway. He wouldn't have.

After a minute, he realized he still had his boots on and his jeans around his ankles, and he toed them off. They fell to the carpet below with a satisfying thud.

He rolled to one side and leaned on his elbow, watching as Faith smoked her cigarette. Her face was damp with sweat, eyeliner smudged. Her tank top still had a round wet spot from his mouth. He reached out and traced a circle there until her nipple stood up firm underneath, then he pinched the little nub and rolled it between thumb and forefinger. Faith arched her back and rocked her hips from side to side, her lips curved in a satisfied smile. She did not stop smoking her cigarette, though.

Dean pressed a kiss to Faith's navel, just below where the tank top ended, then one to each hipbone. He positioned himself between her knees, and leaned down to taste her as she finished smoking.

Faith was tough and hard when she needed to be, but underneath it all she was like every other girl, and here was the proof. He pressed the flat of his tongue to her clit, pink and gleaming like a pearl in an oyster, and still soaked from their fuck just minutes before. He ate her out thoroughly and efficiently, using lips and tongue and fingers together, adding in a few twists and tricks he'd learned along the way. She squirmed above him, breathing heavily, and Dean spared one hand to pin down her hips and hold her in place. When her moans sped up, Dean looked up from his work to see her face as she came.

Her hair was spread across the pillow in a tangle all around her head, and one of her hands gripped the side of the nightstand as if for support. With the other hand, she was squeezing and rubbing her nipple. As he watched, he could feel her muscles shudder around his fingers, and she threw her head back and panted out her climax.

Dean wiped his face on the edge of the bedsheet, and a moment later Faith was pulling him up the bed toward her and pushing him down on his back. She straddled his legs, pinning him to the mattress, and pulled off her tank top over her head, then unsnapped her lacy black bra and dropped it on the floor as well, revealing round, firm breasts. He reached up to feel one, but she slapped him away.

"My turn now," Faith said, with a dimpled grin that made her look more relaxed and natural than he'd ever seen her before. Even as she pressed one arm to his chest and held him there, helpless, Dean lay back and let her have her way. She leaned forward, resting her weight on the hand in the middle of Dean's chest, and then lowered her hips to meet his, sheathing his cock inside her in one fluid movement.

She might still be trying to kill him, Dean thought, but what a way to go.