Missy Becomes An Exhibitionist
by Lisasuzanne

Chapter 7

Spring Break In Cancun.

Spring break had finally arrived, and we were preparing to head to the airport for our flight to Cancun. We had been waiting for this for a long time and couldn't wait to get there. Carly had offered to drive us to the airport, so Matt and I each packed 1 suitcase and a carry on and took them downstairs to wait for Carly. Kim and Lisa were already there waiting. We looked at each other and squealed with excitement of what was to come.

Carly arrived a few minutes later and bounded up the sidewalk to the front door. She rang the bell and Lisa quickly opened the door and let her in. Carly was all smiles as she greeted us. Even though she couldn't go with us, she was still excited for us.

That's when Kim said, "Looks like somebody forgot the rules."

Carly looked bewildered and then suddenly remembered she was supposed to take her clothes off outside, before she entered and was to remain naked anytime she was in the apartment. She stuttered a little bit and asked if she could strip now.

Lisa said, "No, we have to get going, but you just earned a punishment when we get back."

Carly just gave a wry smile with an - aw shucks look as she pretended to be upset about getting a punishment. I think she probably was more upset that she wasn't going to get naked at that moment.

We loaded all of our suitcases into Carly's car and piled in for the trip to the airport. Lisa sat in front with Carly and Kim, Matt and I squeezed into the back seat with me in the middle. We girls were dressed in sexy, tight leggings and sweatshirts with our school logo and Matt was wearing jeans and a sweatshirt. It was still a little chilly in our neck of the woods.

It was then that I felt a hand lift the hem of my sweatshirt and snake its way under my leggings and over my panties. Surprisingly, it was Kim's hand, not Matt's. She was caressing my silky panties and I gave her a shy smile to let her know it was ok. Not that I would have had any say in it anyway, but I wanted her to know I liked it.

While Kim was running her hands over my panties, I reached over and unbuttoned Matt's jeans and pulled the zipper down. His jeans were tight, so I couldn't get my hand all the way inside. I had to settle for circling the tip of his cock with my finger through his underwear.

While all this was going on, we kept up a normal conversation with Lisa and Carly in the front seat.

Carly happened to look in the mirror and catch us playing and said, "Hey, what are you guys doing back there?"

This caused Lisa to turn in her seat and see what we were doing.

She said, "That looks like fun," and then turned to Carly and started to mess with her.

We couldn't see what she was doing, but Lisa made a comment about Carly's panties, so I assume she was playing inside her pants while she drove.

The trip to the airport was only about 30 minutes, but I was getting pretty worked up as Kim's fingers had now worked their way under my panties and were now rubbing up and down over my dampening slit. Matt was at full erection and the tip of his cock was now sticking out the top of his underwear. I was rubbing his pre-cum around the head as he rubbed my belly.

Soon, we were on the airport grounds and Lisa said, 'Better straighten up, we don't want to get in any trouble before we even leave!"

She was right, so we all withdrew our hands and straightened up our clothes. I was a little concerned that I might have soaked through my panties and have a wet spot on my leggings. I asked Matt to check and tilted my butt up so he could look.

He said with a grin, "You're good to go, but I can smell you!"

This made me blush for some reason and I playfully punched him on the shoulder and said, "I should have made you cum and you would have to make the trip in sticky underwear!"

He stuck his tongue out at me as we arrived at the drop off point.

We unloaded our luggage from the trunk, and each gave Carly a kiss goodbye. She was heartbroken that she couldn't go with us. We said we would see her in a few days and gave a wave as we disappeared into the airport. I felt sad for Carly, but there was nothing we could do.

We checked our luggage and went through security, then meandered our way toward our departure gate. We had about an hour and a half to kill, so we got some snacks and hung out. The four of us kissed and touched a little but kept it pretty tame until we boarded so we didn't get in any trouble.

Once we got in the air, it was a 3+ hour flight. Kim and Lisa were sitting across the aisle from Matt and me. There were a lot of spring breakers on the plane and it was a little rowdy and noisy. Everybody was drinking beer and excited about their vacations. There was so much going on that we had to keep our hands to ourselves during the flight.

Soon, we were over Cancun and were amazed at the beautiful view of the ocean and beaches from the air. We could hardly contain our excitement. When we landed, a cheer erupted from the passengers and everyone rushed to get off as we arrived at the gate.

After retrieving our luggage, we headed out to catch one of the buses that makes the rounds to all of the hotels. The driver took our bags and we rushed onto the bus, excited to get our vacation started. We were the first ones on the bus, so we made our way all the way to the back and took the last seats on either side of the isle. I sat with Matt on one side and Kim and Lisa sat across from us.

Within a few minutes, the bus was full of rowdy spring breakers ready for a party. The driver came through and wrote down the hotel stops for each party and we were on our way. Everybody was drinking already and the guys were egging the girls on to show their boobs. Bare breasts began popping out everywhere! We all still had our leggings and sweatshirts on and it was HOT! Our bags were stowed in the bus, so we all took off our sweatshirts for the ride to the hotel.

Kim, Lisa and I joined in on the boob flashing a couple of times and were having a blast already. The bus had made a couple of stops to drop off guests and our hotel was next. Lisa leaned across the isle and asked me if I was wearing panties.

I said yes and she said, "Give me the leggings."

This was no big deal as we were in the back and nobody could see me from the waist down. So I kicked off my shoes, slid the leggings down and off and tossed them to Lisa.

I was now sitting on a nearly full bus of rowdy college students wearing only a T-shirt and panties. My panties were white satin with pink lace trim and a little pink bow on the front. I felt really sexy sitting there and Matt was practically drooling!

After about 5 more minutes, the bus driver pulled into a hotel and called out the name. It was our stop. I held out my hand to Lisa to have her give me the leggings back and she just shook her head and tucked them into her hand bag. I should have known. She said I could have them back after we get our luggage. This was going to be an interesting trip through the crowd to get off the bus!

Lisa and Kim began to make their way to the front of the bus and I piled in behind them with Matt behind me. Nobody in front of us was looking back, so I thought it might be easy. But, as soon as I passed some of the guys in front of us, they noticed I didn't have pants on and started whistling and yelling. This caused all the others to turn and look. The guys tried to cop a feel as I went by, but Matt kept slapping their hands away.

In just a few seconds, we were all off the bus and made our way to the back where the driver was pulling our luggage out as Kim pointed out our bags to him. When the last of our bags were out, Kim tipped the driver and that's when he finally turned around and saw me standing there in my panties! A broad smile crossed his face as he shook his head, probably thinking how stupid college kids could get.

He asked if he could take a picture with me and I agreed. He gave his phone to Lisa and I walked over beside him and put my arm around him. Lisa snapped a couple of pictures and suggested I flash my boobs for the camera, which I did. She then directed the driver to cup one of my breasts which he gladly did.

Lisa then said, "If you will be a gentleman, you can pull the panties to the side for one last shot -- OK?"

The driver nodded and looked nervously at me. I just gave a little smile to let him know it was OK, knowing I had Matt right there to help if he got too touchy.

The driver knelt down and I felt his fingers digging at the elastic around the leg opening of my panties and work their way slightly under. I spread my knees apart to allow him access and felt his fingers brush across my pubic hair as he peeled my panties to the side.

I was getting worked up having this strangers fingers in my panties in the valet drive of the hotel! With my pussy completely exposed, the driver knelt down with his face next to my bush and smiled broadly for the camera. Lisa snapped several pictures and handed him his phone back.

The driver pulled my panties back over my pussy, stood up and smiled at me saying, "Thank you, you are beautiful."

He made his way back to the bus to the cheers of the remaining passengers. I wonder if that encouraged any other girls to give him a special tip at their stops!

When the bus pulled away, I asked Lisa if I could have my pants back and she said, "Yeah, we probably better scope things out a little before we get too crazy."

She handed my leggings to me and I slipped them on before we went to the check in desk. We checked in without incident and left our bags at the desk for the bell boy to bring up. We took the elevator up to the 6th floor and found our rooms.

Matt and I were in an adjoining room to Kim and Lisa. Lisa knocked on the door separating the rooms and I opened it with a smile. We were all giddy with excitement about the week to come! Everybody was anxious to get to the beach.

Kim poked her head in and said, "We decided on Carly rules here at the hotel. Whenever you are in the room, you have to be naked."

No big deal, it was just my boyfriend and Kim and Lisa. I was kind of ready to get naked anyway, so I quickly stripped out of my clothes and tossed them on the bed. Matt came over, put his hands on my waist and leaned in for a kiss. I put my arms around his neck and pulled him into a deep tongue kiss. My nipples rocketed to attention and my juices started flowing. The excitement of the trip and the beautiful surrounding had me as hot as a firecracker!

We broke off our kiss and noticed Kim and Lisa watching. I think they were a little jealous that I had a guy to play with and they didn't.

Lisa looked at Kim and said, "I'm going to need to get me some of that real soon."

Kim laughed and said "me too!"

Before unpacking, we walked out onto the balcony to check out the view. It was breathtaking! Matt's arm was around my waist. There was a warm breeze that tickled my pubic hair and nipples. The sun and breeze felt so good on my naked body, I could have stayed there all day! But we were anxious to get to the beach, so we headed back into the room.

Just then, there was knock on the door. Kim swung the door open and it was the bell man with our bags. I was standing there in the room bare assed naked!

The bell man saw me and said, "Oh, excuse me."

Lisa said, "Oh don't worry about her, she likes to be naked and show off. Come on in."

The bell man smiled and wheeled all of the bags into our room. He stood nervously for a few seconds, staring at me until we finally realized he was probably waiting for a tip -- or he just wanted to look at the naked girl in the room!

Kim gave him a tip and Lisa asked if he wanted to take a photo with me. Of course he did, so he handed Lisa his phone and stood beside me. He put his arm around my waist and Lisa snapped a couple of pictures.

Lisa told him, "It's OK if you want to have a little fun, just don't get too crazy."

He looked at me, not sure what to do, so I took his hand and placed it on my breast. He squeezed it a couple of times, then softly ran his fingers over my rock hard nipples and around my belly. He tentatively brushed my pubic hair and waited for somebody to stop him from going further. Nobody said anything, so he gently ran his fingers over my pussy lips, eliciting a shudder from me, and raised his hand to show everybody his soaking wet fingers!

I instantly blushed a deep red and the bell man gave me a "you dirty girl smile" and started to put his hand back between my legs.

Matt stepped in and said, "OK, that's enough," and gently guided the bell man away from me and towards the door.

The bell man took his phone and said thank you, closing the door behind him as he left.

We all laughed and Lisa said to me, "Boy you sure got worked up in a hurry!"

Kim walked over to Lisa and thrust her hand inside her leggings. She rummaged around for a couple of seconds and brought her wet fingers out to show us saying, "Look who's talking!"

Everybody laughed again. I could have used a few minutes alone with Matt, but Kim and Lisa convinced me that there would be plenty of time for that and we shouldn't waste daylight. So we decided to change into our swimsuits and check the place out.

Everybody put on their swimsuits, including me. Kim and Lisa rejoined us in our room and asked if we were ready to go. Matt answered that we were.

Lisa looked at me and said, "You look like you are more than ready to go. I think you forgot the rule already -- no clothes while you are in the room!"

Crap, how could I forget already?

Kim laughed and said, "We've only been here a few minutes and you've already earned a punishment. Give me the suit. You can have it back when we get on the elevator."

Not too bad, I thought. As long as nobody was on the elevator and I could get it back on before we got to the ground floor, it would be fine. I might not be able to get my shirt and shorts on over the suit, but at least I wouldn't be completely out of place in the lobby of the hotel in a bikini.

I unhooked the top and tossed it to Lisa, then slid the bottoms down and gave them to her too. I gave Matt my shorts and shirt and we headed for the door. Kim and Lisa went first, followed by Matt and me. I peeked my head out the door and saw Kim and Lisa already half way down the hall.

Kim yelled back, "You better hurry up. If you miss the elevator, you will be locked out and will have to come find us!"

Lisa signaled for Matt to leave me in the doorway. He hesitated, but did as instructed. I had no choice now but to make a run for it. The door clacked shut behind me and I sprinted down the hall completely naked past a couple of maid carts. Jeez, we had been at the hotel for 10 minutes and I was already running down the hallway naked!

When I reached the elevator lobby, I saw neither of the two elevators were there yet. Kim and Lisa waited calmly, while Matt was more nervous and I was near a panic. I saw the elevator lights indicating that one of them was on its way up from the lobby. The 5th floor light lit up and I knew the doors would be opening any second. I was desperately hoping that nobody would be on it! I was breathing heavily now as my anxiety built.

The bell rang and the elevator doors slid open in what seemed like slow motion. Shit! There were two college age guys. I tucked in behind Matt for cover and watched them. They each had some luggage they were fumbling with as they got off, so they were a little distracted. As they made their way past Kim and Lisa, each took a moment to look them up and down. They hadn't seen me! I dashed onto the elevator and just caught a glimpse of the guys looking back and likely seeing my naked butt slip onto the elevator.

We heard one of the guys say "whoa, did..." just as the doors closed. I breathed a sigh of relief as the elevator started down. Then, I suddenly realized I was still naked and only had a few seconds to get my suit on before the doors opened up in the lobby, or at a lower floor to let more passengers on. In a panic, I asked Lisa for my suit as I bounced up and down trying to get her to hurry.

Lisa handed me my top as the elevator passed the 4th floor. I put it on and quickly fastened the hook behind me. Then, Lisa handed me the bottoms as the elevator passed the 3rd floor on its descent. Oh no! She had untied the sides. My bikini bottom was one that tied at the sides, and she had undone it. That was going to make it hard to get on in a hurry, and the elevator had now passed the 2nd floor. I quickly stepped into the bottoms and squeezed my legs together to try to hold it up while I tied the right side. Just as I got the right side tied, the elevator jerked to a stop, the bell rang, and the doors slid open!

I was frantically trying to tie the left side when Kim, Lisa and Matt stepped out. There was a group of about 7 or 8 mixed girls and guys waiting. I hadn't finished tying the left side of the suit bottom yet, so I just held it together with my hand and pushed my way through them.

I heard one of the girls make the snide remark, "Wow, I guess some sluts just can't wait to get out of their clothes." Ha ha, if they only knew!

I caught up to Matt, Kim and Lisa as they were heading out to the beach through the back door. Matt handed me my flip-flops, shirt and shorts. I put on the flip-flops, but just carried my shorts and shirt since we would be on the beach in a few seconds.

When we got to the beach, Kim and Lisa said they were going to go scope out the guys and they would catch up with us later. Matt and I were very happy that we were going to get a little time to ourselves and we headed off the other direction. We found a spot on the beach and put some towels down. It was getting late in the afternoon and we were tired from the travel, so we just relaxed and took in the sun. After an hour or so, we decided to head back to the room, but after taking a walk around the beach and around the hotel grounds first. The resort was beautiful and my mind kept thinking about all the places I might end up naked!

Matt and I got back to the room at about 5:30 and we both plopped down on the bed and dozed off. Kim and Lisa hadn't returned to their room yet, so it was nice and quiet. We were awoken by the sound of their door slamming shut.

We were still groggy from our sleep when Lisa walked in and said, "Do we have to tell you the rules EVERY time?"

I was still waking up and didn't catch on right away, but eventually realized she was talking about the rule that I must be naked at all times when in the room.

I said, "Oh, I forgot with all the excitement."

Lisa said, "Well, get rid of the clothes and come to our room so we can plan what to do tonight."

I only had on my bikini, so I quickly took it off and headed to the bathroom to splash some water on my face to help me wake up. When I finished, I pulled Matt up from the bed and pulled him by the arm through the adjoining door to Kim and Lisa's room.

I had just gotten through the door and let out a startled scream because there were two strange guys sitting on the bed in Kim and Lisa's room! I tried to turn and go back into our room, but Matt was still in the doorway.

Kim laughed and said, "Get in here. We want you to meet our new friends."

I timidly walked into the room and the two guys just said, "Whoa, you weren't lying," And stared me up and down.

I tried to cover myself, but Lisa quickly told me to stop. She told me to go have a seat in one of the chairs and I did. Actually, this was a relief because I felt less exposed sitting down. Matt came over and sat on the floor beside me.

Lisa introduced the two guys as Jim and Steve. She said they had just met them while walking around the hotel. Both of them had their eyes glued on me. Kim explained why I was naked and told them Matt was my boyfriend. They seemed like nice guys and we all made small talk for a half hour or so.

It felt really weird being the only naked person sitting in the room having a normal conversation with 5 fully clothed people.

Then Kim said to the 2 guys, "Well, we are going to make plans for the evening, so maybe we will see you around tomorrow."

The guys looked a little disappointed that they were being asked to leave, but they slowly got up from the bed while keeping their eyes on me.

Lisa said, "Missy, why don't you stand up and give these nice boys one last look before they go?"

The guys got wide smiles as they turned back to look at me. I knew there was no use delaying this, so I rose up from the chair and held my arms out so they could get a good look at my naked body. Lisa told me to spin around, which I did. Kim explained to the guys that I really like showing off my body and it gets me hot.

She said, "In fact, I'm willing to bet she is soaking wet right now!"

I blushed deeply and the guys' eyes got huge.

Lisa said, "Why don't we find out?"

I was really hoping she wasn't going to let them grope me in front of my boyfriend. Luckily, she told Matt to check it out.

Matt came over to me, cupped my ass with his left hand and ran his right hand back and forth over my pussy lips a few times, which elicited a tremor from me. He kissed me softly while his fingers tickled my clit. He then withdrew his hand and held it up to show everybody my juices.

I was completely embarrassed as the guys gawked at how wet I was. Kim pointed out the wet spot on the chair I had been sitting in and I felt about an inch high. Then Kim escorted the two guys out the door and told them we have your number and will see you later.

Kim closed the door and came back into the room. Matt sat on the chair that I had just got wet and pulled me down to sit on his lap. I could feel his hard-on pressing against my ass crack so I wiggled around to increase the stimulation. His arms were wrapped tightly around my waist. It felt soooo good to be wrapped in his arms!

Matt moved his head to my right ear and whispered, "I love showing you off to other guys. I want every one of them to know what I have and what they can't have!"

I giggled and put my left palm on the side of his head, pressing his cheek to mine as Kim and Lisa looked at us longingly. I knew they wished they had a relationship like Matt and I had. I hate to admit it, but I liked that they were jealous of me!

After just a couple minutes discussion, we decided to go eat at one of the hotel restaurants and then we would see what happened and get some drinks later.

Matt and I returned to our room to shower and get ready to go eat. We both wanted to jump in bed and enjoy each other, but there wasn't time.

The showers were designed for two, so I pulled Matt's shirt off and yanked his swim trunks down to the floor. His half hard cock hung invitingly. He looked at me nervously and motioned with his head to the door adjoining our rooms. It was open.

I said, "Don't worry, I love showing you off to them. I want them to know what I have and what they can't have!"

Matt smiled, grabbed my hand and pulled me to the shower. We spent the next ten minutes soaping and groping each other. Matt finished the shower by pouring a glob of hair conditioner in his hand and massaging it into my pubic hair. That made me smile because I regularly use conditioner on my pussy hair and had thought it was kind of unusual.

After rinsing the conditioner out, I faced Matt and we embraced under the warm water. I raised to my tip toes so that his cock would slide under my pussy. He grabbed each of my butt cheeks firmly as we twisted our bodies under the spray and kissed.

We knew Kim and Lisa would be coming soon, so we reluctantly broke our kiss and turned the water off. Matt stepped out and grabbed a towel, gently drying my body starting with my face and slowly moving downward. He knelt in front of me, lifted my right leg and dried it. Then, he repeated that with my left leg, which I raised slightly to help him. Before rising, he gave a soft little peck on my pussy!

I grabbed a towel and did the same to him. I knelt in front of him to dry his legs and before standing, gave him a little kiss on the head of his erect cock! I pulled him by his erection out of the bathroom and sat on the end of the bed to watch him get dressed.

I said, "It's a shame you have to put that beautiful cock away!"

He laughed and twisted his hips from side to side, making his hard-on slap against his thighs.

He said, "You make it awful hard to dress. Somehow, I've got to get this to go down so I can get my shorts on!"

I replied teasingly, "Oh, did I do that?"

Matt pulled on his bikini briefs and his cock made a huge tent. I laughed hysterically at the sight and used my finger to bounce it up and down.

He said, "You know this is your fault don't you?"

"I'm not sorry at all," I giggled.

I leaned back on the bed propped up on my hands to watch him finish dressing. He pulled on his shorts and struggled to get the zipper up over the bulging erection. He then applied deodorant liberally as he walked around the room looking for a shirt. I was almost star struck watching him. I think I'm in love with him!

After Matt found a shirt and slipped it on, he came over to the bed and sat beside me. I was careful to not get dressed until we were ready to go. He put his arm around me, pulled me to him, and gave me a kiss on the head. His hand went to my thigh, but I had to stop him because I didn't want to get all worked up and wet again before going to the restaurant.

In a few minutes, Kim and Lisa strolled into our room and asked if we were ready to go.

Kim giggled as she looked at me and said, "I see you finally remembered the rules."

I said, "Yep, I'm ready to go."

I had the clothes I was going to wear folded on the end of the bed and grabbed my panties to put them on since everybody else was ready to go.

Lisa said, "What are you doing, you are still in the room?"

I was a little confused at first, then realized I had to go outside the room to get dressed. Kim grabbed my pile of clothes and we all headed to the door with me stark naked. I was the last out the door because I had to make sure the coast was clear. When everything looked good, I stepped out into the hallway and the door clanked shut behind me. That was a scary sound because I didn't have a keycard to get back in if I encountered others in the hall.

Kim, Lisa and Matt were already half way down the hall, so I scurried after them. I asked for my clothes and Lisa said you can have them when we get to the elevators.

We got to the elevators and Kim pushed the button. It was already at the 4th floor coming up when Lisa handed me my clothes. I set the clothes on the floor and quickly found my panties. Just as I was pulling them up my thighs, the bell sounded and the doors slid open! A room service guy got off and walked past with his eyes boring a hole through me as I tried frantically to cover up! Nobody said a word because I think we were all a little nervous about getting in trouble.

When the room service guy disappeared around the corner, Kim, Lisa and Matt entered the elevator as I tried to dress. I didn't want to be left there, so I tossed the rest of my clothes into the elevator and hopped in. I only had 6 floors to get dressed, maybe less if it stopped along the way to the lobby.

I found my bra and fumbled with it for a second before getting it on. Suddenly, the bell dinged and the elevator stopped at the 3rd floor. The doors slid open to reveal two guys and two girls waiting to get on. I was standing there in my bra and panties!

I didn't even try to offer an excuse as the other passengers stared at me like I was from outer space. I just pulled on my shorts and shirt as fast as possible. The elevator reached the lobby just as I was straightening my shirt and we all got out. The other four passengers murmured as they walked away from the elevator. I didn't care, we were in Cancun and getting ready for an evening of fun and I was happy!

We all entered one of the hotel restaurants and were greeted by an older guy who escorted us to a semi-circle booth in the back corner. It was a buffet style restaurant, so the guy took our drink orders and said we could help ourselves to the food.

Matt and I started to slide out of the booth when Lisa stopped me and said, "You need a punishment for forgetting the rules again. I want you to take off your panties and give them to me."

I was shocked, but didn't figure this would be too bad, so I asked where the bathroom was.

Lisa said, "Forget the bathroom, take them off here."

I felt a heat wave roll through me. Was she crazy? We were in the middle of a freaking restaurant! I sat there stunned as I contemplated how to get my panties off without being seen. I had shorts on, so there was no way around taking them off too. Wish I had worn a skirt!

Our booth was in the back corner and it was somewhat dark, so I scoped around and saw that nobody was paying any particular attention to us.

Kim said, "You better hurry up and get 'em off before the waiter gets back with our drinks, or we'll let him watch."

I knew they weren't bluffing, so I unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts and tried to shimmy them down without drawing any attention to us. I got them down to my ankles and pushed them aside with my foot. Now I was sitting in the booth wearing only a pair of panties on my bottom half. Nobody could see unless they were really paying attention and knew what to look for so it wasn't a problem yet.

The waiter was across the restaurant with a tray of drinks heading our way, so there was no time to waste. I lifted my butt up off the booth and slid the panties down and off. I ducked under the table, grabbed my shorts from the floor and put both feet in. As I began pulling the shorts up, my head bonked the table as I came out from underneath it and everybody laughed. I had to fight to get the tight fitting shorts back over my hips as the waiter drew closer.

Lisa said, "Give me the panties," just as the shorts got to my waist.

I quickly bent down and retrieved them handed them to Lisa, who set them on the top of the table in plain view. I had just finished buttoning and zipping up my shorts when the waiter reached the table. His eyes were immediately drawn to the conspicuous pair of panties sitting in the middle of the table. He didn't say anything, but looked at each of us girls with a smirk. He clearly was trying to figure out who they belonged to. When he looked at me and I blushed, giving it away. He set my drink down in front of me and said "miss" with a big smile on his face. OK, that was nothing. It was actually kind of fun and I felt naughty with the waiter knowing I was pantyless.

When the waiter left the table, Matt and I slid out of the booth to go get some food. Kim walked up to me, held out the panties and put them over my head through the leg opening, hanging them around my neck. The panties were a silky pastel green with a pink bow in front. I had on a white tank top, so they stood out like a sore thumb and it was completely obvious that they were panties hanging around my neck! Kim giggled as she walked past me to the buffet line.

Matt smiled at me and said, "Let's get some chow, sexy."

People gave me all sorts of looks as I paraded around the restaurant with a pair of panties around my neck but nobody said anything to me. I felt like an idiot, but decided not to let it bother me. I was having fun and nobody knew me here, so screw it!

After getting our food and returning to the table, the waiter approached again. If he wasn't sure before which one of us was pantyless, he knew for sure now! He kept returning to the table, probably more than he needed to, and paid special attention to me. Matt kept reaching over and feeling the silky fabric of the panties hanging around my neck all throughout our dinner. He has a thing for sexy panties. I ran my hand to his crotch and found a big boner in his shorts!

I looked him in the eyes and whispered, "Can't wait to have that for dessert later tonight."

We finished eating, exited the restaurant and stood in the hotel lobby trying to figure out what to do next. Kim said she was still really tired from the trip and the rest of said we were too. So, we decided to just have some drinks in the hotel bar and call it a night. It was the first day of spring break and people were still arriving, so it wasn't very crowed and rowdy yet.

We entered the bar and made our way to the back and found a booth. There were just 3 or four other groups in there and it was really dark. Matt went up to the bar and got us all beers and brought them to the table with some popcorn. I was relieved that I didn't have to go to the bar with the panties around my neck.

We sat around, talking for a few minutes about what we were going to do the next few days while we sipped our beers. Kim had picked up some brochures from the lobby, but it was hard to read them in the darkness of the bar. We figured there would be all kinds of parties during the day, so we didn't really need to make any specific plans.

Then, Lisa looked at me and said, "Why don't we have a little more fun before we call it a night? Hand me your shorts." My eyes shot up and my mouth fell open at her demand. She wanted me to sit in that booth, naked from the waist down in a public bar! My panties were already hanging around my neck!

Kim and Lisa just stared at me expectantly.

Kim said, "Oh come on, it's so dark in here, nobody will even know except us. Besides, this is the main reason we came here. They don't fuss about nudity like we do in the States."

If it was such a nothing deal, why don't YOU do it, I thought to myself. But, on the other hand, she was right, this is kind of what we came here for. Every time I did something like this I had a great time after the initial embarrassment and shock wore off. And I guess there was no use fighting it, so what the hell.

I calmly lifted my butt off the booth seat and worked the shorts off. Lisa held out her hand and I gave them to her.

We continued to drink beer and talk in the bar for a while with me naked below the waist. Matt ran his hand over my belly and down into my lap, pulling at my pubic hair repeatedly. I separated my legs so he could get at my pussy. His fingers traced the outline of my pussy, then moved up and down over my lips. I was already starting to get wet and soon, the moisture allowed my lips to separate and open up. Matt worked a finger inside me to draw out some of my juices and used it to lubricate my clit. When his finger ran over my clit, I almost jumped out of the booth!

Kim and Lisa both noticed and looked at Matt, who looked back at them with a broad smile. Lisa slid over next to me in the booth and Kim, who was on the opposite side of the table, propped her hands on the table and lifted up to get a look at what was going on. Kim and Lisa watched Matt finger me for 10 minutes or so.

Kim went up to the bar to get us some more beer and by the time she returned, Matt had me squirming on his finger!

She set the beers on the table and said, "It's so dark, nobody can see what's going on unless you are right next to the table."

I barely took in the information because I was in a state of bliss and nearing an orgasm. It made me feel a little more comfortable, but I couldn't have stopped even if I wanted to. I put my arm around Matt's neck, laid my head on his shoulder and brought my left foot up on the seat of the booth to allow better access to his probing fingers.

My fingers were digging into Matt's neck and I was biting his shoulder to try to keep myself from screaming. I felt Lisa's hands on my waist and before I knew what was happening, she had pulled my tank top over my head and off and was unclasping my bra. I had no means or any desire at that point to stop her. In a flash, I was completely naked in a booth of the hotel bar with Matt fingering my pussy! The panties still hanging around my neck was the only thing left on my body!

I was so worked up, I could hardly breathe. Kim came around the table and slid in beside Matt and started rubbing his cock through his shorts because she couldn't reach me. Lisa started tweaking my nipples while Matt continued his assault on my pussy! The sloshing of Matt's fingers working my pussy over seemed deafening. I could feel a puddle of my juices under my ass.

I couldn't take it anymore and started bucking my hips up to meet Matt's fingers. Finally, I exploded in orgasm and let out a scream as cum flooded out of me, over Matt's fingers and onto the booth seat! Lisa quickly put her hand over my mouth to keep me from screaming again.

Matt withdrew his fingers and I felt him wiping my wetness all over my stomach and boobs. I was still convulsing in the aftermath of my massive orgasm and couldn't seem to stop shaking. It felt soooo gooood! Matt lifted my chin and kissed me deeply. He then brought his soaking wet hand up to my mouth and I licked his fingers clean.

After two or three minutes, my convulsions diminished to a mild tremble. I had goosebumps of excitement all over my body. When I had finally calmed down enough, I realized my predicament. I was sitting completely naked in a hotel bar, soaking wet from having just been fingered to orgasm by my boyfriend! That's when fear kicked in again.

Kim looked around and said, "It's OK, it doesn't look like anybody even noticed."

My naked body was shielded somewhat from the front of the bar area by Matt and Kim on one side and Lisa on the other and the table blocked the view of my lower half. I was still scared to death of getting caught naked, though.

Matt glanced down at my crotch and exclaimed, "Whoa, look at all the cum on the seat!"

I had felt the wetness, but hadn't looked. Matt, Kim, Lisa and I all looked down at my crotch to see a puddle of liquid in the triangle between the base of my pussy and my legs. My weight on the seat cushion formed a bowl where all my cum accumulated. Matt dipped his fingers in the liquid and started to smear it all over my belly, boobs and even my face! Lisa joined in and they took turns dipping into the pool of cum and rubbing it on my body. Matt started using it to rub over my pussy again and Lisa used it as lubrication to massage my tits and toy with my nipples.

It didn't take much of this to have me writhing and bucking again. I let out a pretty loud scream as I came hard again! A burst of cum shot out of me onto the underside of the table and then a thicker, stickier cum began flowing out of me, filling up the area under my ass again! I leaned my back against the backrest of the booth and looked down at my stomach heaving up and down as I tried to catch my breath again.

Kim had her cell phone recording the scene. I don't know how long she had been taking video, but I guess I'll find out when we get home.

The light from Kim's cell phone lit up my crotch area and Lisa said, "Wow look, the cum is still flowing out of her pussy like a river! I can't believe how much there is."

We looked in amazement as the semi-clear liquid continued to dribble out of my pussy onto the booth seat. A pretty large pool of cum had formed in my crotch now and was glistening in the light of Kim's cell phone.

Lisa said, "Lift your butt up so we can see how much there is."

I pushed my back against the seat and lifted my butt up. As I came off the seat, there was a wet sloshing sound from all of my cum and I could feel it sticking to the back of my legs.

Kim exclaimed, "Look, there is so much that it is making little cum curtains from her legs to the seat!"

I plopped my butt back down onto the seat and it made a sound like I was sitting in a puddle of water. It actually felt really sexy. Just then, I heard Matt groan and looked over at him. I hadn't noticed that Kim had his cock out and was stroking him. Lisa and I watched for a minute until Matt stiffened up and groaned again. Kim pointed his cock at me and kept stroking him as he erupted. His cum shot out and landed on me just below my chin in three or four globs! It ran down my chest, between my tits, over my bellybutton, into my pubic hair and over my pussy lips. The warmth of his cum running over my pussy almost set me off again!

Matt sat there with his cock out for a minute or so as he regained his composure from his orgasm. He then stuffed his cock back in his shorts and zipped up. I was still feeling really sexy, now sitting in a combined pool of my cum and Matt's. But, I was also still feeling the anxiousness of being naked in the hotel bar and was ready to get dressed or cover up. I knew I was at Kim and Lisa's mercy though and they weren't likely to let me get dressed yet, so I didn't even bother to ask.

We sat there drinking beer for another half hour or so with me naked and wet, like nothing was out of the ordinary. My head was swimming from the orgasms, so I didn't really even know what we were talking about.

Then, a voice startled all of us. "Would you guys like another..." and the voice trailed off. We looked up and the bartender was standing there staring at me. I grabbed Matt and pulled him in front of me. The bartender looked completely startled and didn't know what to say.

Lisa chimed in "I-I'm sorry, we were just playing around, sorry."

The bartender said, "Uh, it's OK I suppose," as he eyed me up and down.

Kim said, "Please don't call the cops or anything."

He replied, "Don't worry, I won't. Looks like you have been having a good time here tonight. The place is empty now, but make sure if any other guests come in that they don't see you like this. I don't want to get fired."

We assured him we wouldn't get him in trouble and he turned to go back to the bar. He stopped about half way and came back to the table.

He said, "You made me forget what I came back here for. Do you want another round of beers? The bar closes at midnight, but you have time for another round if you want."

We all looked at each other and agreed to stay for another round. The bartender left to get our beer and we all breathed a sigh of relief.

Kim said, "Whew, I thought we were all going to end up in a Mexican jail!"

In a couple of minutes, the bartender was back with our beer.

He asked "So what is going on here anyway?" Lisa explained the whole situation of me being their naked toy and my liking of being naked in front of people. She told him Matt was my boyfriend and he helped make sure I was safe.

He said "Wow, I've seen lots of girls taking their tops off on spring break, but nothing like this EVER!"

I was initially really uncomfortable having the bartender standing there staring at me as he talked to us, but the more we talked to him the more at ease I felt, especially knowing that he wasn't going to call the cops on us. We learned that he was actually a US citizen, but had moved to Cancun to work at the resort because he couldn't find work he liked in the US. He turned out to be a really nice guy. He said his name was Marco.

Marco stayed at our table and chit chatted for ten minutes or so. He kept saying how hot I was and Kim and Lisa too, but his eyes were glued to me, the naked girl.

Finally, I said, "If you want a better look, come around to the side of the table and I'll show you."

He quickly did and I spread my legs so he could see my pussy.

He said loudly, "IS THAT CUM YOU'RE SITTING IN?"

I had almost forgotten about the pool of cum and got embarrassed all over again when he mentioned it.

I sheepishly said, "My friends worked me over pretty good. I couldn't help it!"

Marco just said, "FUCK!" as he stared at my naked, wet body.

Kim had Marco introduce himself on her recording and he said how happy he was that we came into his bar.

It was getting pretty close to midnight and we were finishing up our beers. We asked Marco when he would be working again and he said that he would be there every night. We told him we would be in again and he was very happy about that. We started to gather our things to go and Marco asked where my clothes were. Kim told him that the rule is whenever I am in the house at home or in the hotel room, I have to be naked.

Then she said, "As long as she has to be naked in the room, do you think we could have her stay naked from here to the room?"

I gasped in fear and Marco just smiled, shook his head laughingly and said, "It's OK by me, but if you get caught, I didn't know anything about this."

Kim said, "Great, maybe you could check to make sure the coast is clear to the elevators for us."

Matt said, "What do you think would happen if we get caught?"

Marco replied, "Probably nothing. We are used to wild kids during spring break. Nudity isn't that big of deal in Mexico, especially at spring break time."

"Good to know," Lisa said.

Matt, Kim and Lisa slid out of the booth, leaving me sitting there in the pool of cum.

Matt said, "Sorry about the mess, do you want us to clean it up?"

Marco said, "No, I can't have you in here after midnight. I'll take care of it."

Matt offered him $10, but Marco said, "Keep it, just tell me I'll see you guys again." We told him we definitely would be back.

Marco looked at the fully dressed Kim and Lisa and asked, "How about you two? You don't join her?"

"We usually just enjoy watching Missy squirm and get worked up," Kim explained.

"Usually? Does that mean that you sometimes join in?" Marco asked with a smile.

I think he caught them off guard, because neither of them could even stammer out a reply! That put a huge smile on my face. We all knew what Marco was getting at and Kim and Lisa were now getting a taste of what it was like for me.

They remained silent so Marco said, "You two want to get naked with her?"

"NO WAY, this is Missy's thing," Kim said.

"Well, it must interest you to some degree. It can't be ALL just liking to see Missy in these situations," Marco persisted.

Lisa jumped in, "It does arouse us, but we have never done anything like the things she has done. I don't think that is OUR thing."

"What other things has Missy done?" Marco asked.

"It would take all night to tell you. Maybe some other time," Kim said.

"How do you know you wouldn't love it too if you haven't tried it?" Marco asked in sort of a challenging way.

Kim and Lisa just looked at each other in disbelief at his forwardness. HOLY SHIT, he had them on the ropes! Were they actually going to do it? Matt and I were loving the back and forth between them.

Marco pushed on. "Look, you two are hot and there's nobody else in here..."

Lisa said, "Not tonight big boy. We'll see you some other night."

Marco replied, "How do I know that? Maybe you won't come back. If you don't want to go naked all the way back to your room, how about I just walk you to the front door here naked?"

Matt and I just looked at each other in shock at how brazen he was being. I suppose he had nothing to lose. If he let us walk out, he may never see us again. We were hanging on every word of this conversation! Marco was now just staring at them as they squirmed uncomfortably.

Finally, Lisa said very softly, "I.... don't know."

Kim looked at her in shock and said, "You aren't considering this are you?"

"How about we just flash you?" Lisa said.

I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! I think he is going to get them to show some skin! Marco is a good looking guy and Kim and Lisa have been saying how they need to get a man, but this surprised me.

Marco saw his opportunity and started negotiating.

"Are you girls wearing panties?" He asked.

They both sheepishly nodded.

"Tell you what, why don't you give me your panties and I'll hold onto them until you come see me again? That way I have some assurance that you will come back. How's that sound?" He said confidently.

Without replying, Lisa unbuttoned her shorts and slowly slid the zipper down in a striptease fashion. She then stuck her thumbs in the side of the waistband and wiggled her hips to get them started down. When they passed her hips, she allowed them to drop to the top of her shoes and stepped out of them. She lifted the shorts with her right foot and grabbed them with her hand. I noticed Matt recording the show with his cell phone.

Marco reached his hand out toward her and she handed him the shorts. Then, she quickly grasped the side of the panties and whipped them off in one quick motion. Again, she used her right foot to lift the panties to her hand, which gave Marco a pretty good crotch shot!

Lisa handed the panties to Marco and motioned with four fingers in a "gimme" style asking him to return her shorts.

Marco smiled and said, "Not until Kim gives me her panties."

We all turned our attention to Kim. She looked really nervous and hesitant. Lisa had always been a bit more outgoing than Kim, so it was probably harder for her than it was for Lisa.

With four sets of eyes staring intently at her, Kim relented. Unlike Lisa, she quickly unbuttoned, unzipped and yanked the shorts down. Marco bent down and retrieved them. Just as quickly, she pulled her panties down in one motion and Marco again bent down in front of her to pick them up. This put him at eye level with her pussy and he took full advantage to get a good look before standing again.

The two of them looked odd standing there naked from the waist down except for the tennis shoes. Marco took a step back so he could get a full view of them both.

He gave a little whistle and said, "Damn, this is my lucky day!"

Lisa was emboldened a little bit and did a couple of poses. Meanwhile, Kim was still struggling with her nerves. She didn't look comfortable at all.

Lisa tried to ease her mind by saying, "Relax, everybody here has already seen you naked except Marco."

Kim replied, "I know, but this is so weird. Can I have my clothes back now?"

Marco said, "Of course, just let me take in your beauty for a couple of seconds first."

Marco was turning out to be quite the charmer! He first held out Lisa's shorts, which she took from him, lifted her left leg and guided her shoe covered foot into the opening. Each time she lifted her leg, Marco was treated to a great view of her pussy! Once she got the shorts over her shoes, she raised them and jockeyed them over her hips. She buttoned then zipped up and her show was over.

We then turned to Kim. Marco handed her shorts to her, and she dangled them close to the floor to put her feet in the leg openings so she wouldn't have to expose her pussy like Lisa did. She quickly pulled the shorts up, buttoned and zipped them.

Marco then said, "Now let's check out these fine undergarments and see if either of you enjoyed your striptease."

First he held up Lisa's shiny black satin panties and examined them. He turned them inside out and ran his finger through the gusset, then lifted his index finger and turned to us to show us it was moist.

He looked at Lisa and said teasingly, "Yeah, the evidence is undeniable, you liked it."

Lisa giggled and gave him a playful slap on the arm as Marco wadded up her panties and stuffed them in his pocket. He then held up Kim's yellow and white striped panties, turned them inside out and ran his index through the gusset. This time when he took his finger out, a string of juice trailed from his finger to the panties!

Marco said delightedly, "Ho ho, you little vixen! You acted like you hated it, but your panties are juiced up good!"

Kim laughed softly and said, "I did that just for you."

Now, I was the lone naked person again and all eyes were focused in my direction.

As I started to slide out of the booth, Marco saw the pool of cum being swept along with me. I think I added to it watching the Kim and Lisa show!

He said, "Jeez, your entire body is covered in cum!"

Lisa told him, "Yeah, we smeared it all over her! In fact, I think it would be really sexy to have her go to the room covered in cum, what do you think?"

Marco nodded in agreement and Kim and Matt both agreed that would be really hot.

Lisa asked Marco, "You want to do the honors? You don't have to if you think it would be gross."

He said "No, no, I would love to" and he looked at Matt for his approval.

Matt said it was OK with him if it was OK with me.

I said, "Sure, go ahead."

Marco scooped up some cum from the seat and began rubbing it around on my chest. It was cold now as I had been sitting in it for 10 minutes or so watching Kim and Lisa. It sent shivers through me and my nipples turned to stone!

Lisa said, "Don't be shy, cover every inch of her."

Marco then began massaging it into my tits and eventually in and around my pussy as Kim resumed recording on her phone. I was getting worked up again and started moaning. Just then, we heard a vacuum cleaner running outside the door and Marco stopped rubbing me up.

He said "You guys better get going, I can't get caught having you in here after closing, especially if you are naked!"

Marco stepped back to look me over one more time. I was glistening in cum from head to toe! He said he would go up front and let us know when it was clear for us to go to the elevator.

Soon, Marco motioned us to come up front. Matt led the way followed by Lisa, Kim and then me. We gathered at the large glass doors and Matt looked out. Seeing nobody in the area, we all said goodbye to Marco and Matt pulled the door open and led the way into the lobby area. Marco was holding the door open and as I passed him, he swatted me on the ass. I dashed out of the bar to join the others with cum dripping from my body!

Once outside the bar door, there were a couple of large pillars to hide us from the front desk. There was nobody at the desk, but they could come out at any moment. Matt was dashing from pillar to pillar when he finally realized he wasn't naked and didn't need to hide!

Kim and Lisa had almost made their way to the elevators already and I was still just outside the bar. The elevator lobby was around the corner from the front desk, so once I got there, the only worry would be somebody coming off the elevator. But, I had to get there first. This was going to be like the mall adventure I had with Carly.

I darted in and out from behind the pillars to a stuffed chair that I crouched behind. I checked the front desk and didn't see anybody, so I made a frantic dash across the open space, around the corner to the elevator lobby. Kim and Lisa were waiting there laughing.

I said in a panic, "Where's the elevator?" as I bounced up and down on my toes in nervousness.

Kim laughed and said, "Oh, I guess we forgot to push the button," and she then pushed it.

The door opened immediately as it must have already been at the main floor. Kim and Lisa piled in, followed by me. The doors closed and it started up to the 6h floor. I was hoping it wouldn't stop anywhere along the way! Then I realized Matt wasn't there.

"Where's Matt?" I exclaimed.

Kim said, "He must not have got there in time to catch this elevator. I'm sure he'll be up in a minute."

I didn't think anything more about it, I was just worried that I would encounter somebody at the elevator or in the hallway.

The elevator made it all the way to our floor without stopping and Kim and Lisa piled out and headed down the hall. I scurried out and looked around the corner for any strangers in the hall. Seeing none, I sprinted down the hall to catch up to Kim and Lisa.

We reached our set of doors and Kim unlocked their door and went in, followed by Lisa. Just as their door clanked shut, I realized Matt had the key card. I can't get in our room! I knocked on Kim and Lisa's door asking them to let me in, but got no answer. I heard a giggle, so I knew they were ignoring me on purpose.

I heard the elevator ding and got scared. What if it wasn't Matt? I scurried around trying to find a place to hide. I thought about the fire escape, but just as I started for it, I saw Matt come around the corner and down the hall toward me.

He said rather loudly from down the hall "Look at my sexy girlfriend standing all naked and covered in cum in the hall!"

He slowly approached me with a huge smile, grabbed me in a hug and gave me a big kiss. I separated myself from him and could see wet blotches on his clothes from the cum on my body.

I said, "OK, let's get inside."

Finally, Matt unlocked the door and we tumbled inside.

It had been an eventful day. We had been in Cancun for only a few hours and I had been naked for the bell man, naked in the hall and elevators, naked in the hotel bar and brought to multiple orgasms and made my way naked from the bar all the way up to our room! I was exhausted. Matt and I took a shower together and collapsed onto the bed and fell asleep.
