It’s been almost two years since Bobby got himself mauled by a black dog with more guts than sense—damned thing kept coming even after he put a few sanctified rounds in its skull—but his leg still aches in damp weather. It’s one of those wounds that’ll stay with him until something finally gets the best of him. Like the knife he caught in the shoulder that’s been warning him of lightning storms since he was thirty, or the round he took in his left hip in the war that makes his whole leg ache if he tries running more than a few minutes at a time.

Or what happened with John Winchester’s boys.

Yeah, Bobby fucked the pooch pretty good on that one. Should have shoved them both in a room and locked the door when Dean first came to him with that goddamned plan of his. Kept them in there until they actually talked to each other.

Should have kept a closer watch on Dean, not let him go running off all over the country with no one to watch his back like he was invincible … or had a death wish.

Should have seen the dangerous, single-mindedness of Sam. Should have known where that kind of thinking would lead.

Should damned well have told John to socialize his boys better when they were young so they didn’t grow up like two sides of a badly bent coin.

“Shoulda, woulda, coulda,” Bobby mutters, and sips on his beer.

He’s about three hours away from Harvelle’s—could get there tonight if he wanted, but he’s happier putting it off until tomorrow. The meeting will still be going on then: all those alpha males in one room competing to see who can shout the loudest and who has the biggest gun. Hell, he could probably stay in town another couple of nights before they actually get down to discussing the portents and signs they’re meeting to talk about.

Water turned to blood down in Alachua, Florida: not just a font or someone’s well but an entire, five mile long stretch of lake.

Rain of toads in Dalark, Arkansas: weathermen are still trying to find a tornado to blame that one on.

Locusts covering the town of Westing, Idaho: from gutter to rooftop for two weeks straight.

And in Willow Grove, Delaware last week, sheets of fire fell from a clear sky for over thirty minutes.

If there’s a hunter in the States that doesn’t think the end is coming, and coming fast, then they’re either dumber than a sack of bricks or six feet under.

Bobby moves his beer around moodily on the table’s worn surface. If Dean and Sam were still around—around and still functioning, that is—Bobby knows who he’d want taking charge at that meeting. As it is, some hunter with delusions of grandeur and a fast draw is going to end up top dog. Bobby himself is too banged up and long in the tooth to be considered seriously for the job, and truth be told he doesn’t want it.

All he’s wanted for the last five years is not to hear any more about the Winchesters.

It’s never ‘Sam and Dean’ or ‘John’s boys’ in the stories he hears. No, it’s always ‘the Winchesters’, spoken in a hushed whisper hovering somewhere between petrified and reverent. If the speaker is feeling particularly bold, he’ll throw a ‘damned’ in between the ‘the’ and the boys’ surname, which Bobby thinks is fairly accurate.

John Winchester’s boys, boys Bobby helped raise, boys he thinks of as his own sons, and hunters are using them like ghost stories to scare one another.

“Some fucking world,” he grunts, and swipes a thumb through the condensation on his glass.

It’s difficult to tell truth from myth in the stories they tell. Bobby’s seen the glowing yellow eyes for himself, so he knows that part is true. Do they really move faster than the human eye can follow, though? It’s possible; lord knows he’s seen stranger things. Did Sam really cut off a man’s hand for touching Dean? Bobby wants to say no, but isn’t sure he can. Sam was awfully protective of Dean before, and now it’s anyone’s guess what he’ll do. The one thing he knows he can rule out is the bit about them eating demons. That’s just plain crazy talk.

Someone leans on the counter next to him, a little too close for comfort, and Bobby edges his stool over with an annoyed grimace. This shit hole of a bar isn’t crowded enough for anyone to have to come that near. It jangles his nerves up, having a stranger inside his guard like this. He has half a mind to tell the guy off, except that he can tell without looking up that he’s tall, and built. Spoiling for a fight, too, the way he elbowed in. Bobby could probably take him if he had to, but these days it’s just easier to take the low road.

Fuck, he must be getting old.

“Three whiskeys,” the guy says, slapping a bill down on the counter.

Bobby stiffens. It can’t be. Imfuckingpossible.

But he looks up, and up, and up, at Sam Winchester’s angular profile.

“Hey, Bobby,” Sam says without looking at him.

“Sam,” Bobby says, trying to keep his voice flat as possible while he reaches for his gun.

Without glancing at Bobby, Sam shakes his head slightly. “You don’t want to do that.”

Bobby freezes and Sam’s lips quirk up. The bartender comes back then, gazing at Sam with badly concealed fascination, although he’s just standing there and his eyes are as hazel as ever. But there’s something: some kind of draw. Something about Sam that puts Bobby in mind of all those daydreams he had about owning a pet dragon when he was a kid.

“Thanks,” Sam says, flashing that dimpled grin that makes him look all of twelve years old. He hasn’t aged a day, Bobby realizes. Five years and he looks exactly the same as he did when Bobby saw him walk out of the Bellagio’s presidential suite.

The bartender melts a little, and Bobby can see the intent to offer Sam her number light in her eyes. But Sam tilts his head then, and the draw changes—goes cold—and all Bobby gets from Sam now is an aura that radiates danger: that screams feral and predator. The bartender flushes and flees to the far end, not even waiting to pick up the five-dollar tip Sam is dropping on the stained wood.

“Thanks for taking care of the Impala,” Sam says, hooking his fingers around the three glasses. He doesn’t appear to have noticed the bartender’s swift departure: or maybe he’s just accustomed to that kind of thing.

“I like cars,” Bobby says, stupid with nerves, and then Sam turns toward him and he can’t breathe.

Sam’s eyes are as hazel as ever, but they don’t need to be gold for Bobby to see that Sam isn’t the only thing looking out at him. There’s too much knowledge there: ancient eyes in a young, familiar face. Sam isn’t smiling, but he isn’t frowning either. Neutral. Aloof.

And Bobby knows what type of animal Sam has riding around in there, if not the exact breed.

“Have a drink with us.”

It’s not a request.

Bobby is halfway to the shadow-shrouded corner table Sam pointed him toward when he realizes that Sam said ‘us’, and of course he isn’t alone. His pulse picks up because he loves Sam, he does, but Dean has always struck him as vulnerable in strange ways, and so has been dearer. There’s always been something about John’s eldest, right from the first moment the man showed up on Bobby’s doorstep with two kids in tow. An unflinching goodness that made Bobby want to shove the boy in a box in an attempt to keep him forever untarnished and bright.

He sees Dean’s eyes first, glinting at him from the shadows: reflecting light like any nocturnal animal’s would. Then his own vision adjusts to the gloom.

Looking at John’s eldest is much like what Bobby imagines standing in the center of a tornado and looking up must be. He feels buffeted on all sides: the hunter in him repelled by what he knows lurks behind that angelic face, the man in him drawn by the same allure he saw at work with Sam. By his own paternal fondness for the boy. The pull is stronger in Dean, maybe because Dean is so obviously unaware of it, and Bobby has to shove his hands in his pockets to keep from reaching out and touching.

Sam is holding three drinks at present, but he’d drop all of them in a heartbeat if he thought Dean was being threatened. Bobby likes all of his limbs right where they are, thanks.

“Hey, Bobby,” Dean says. He smiles, shyly, and Bobby feels gut shot. He can see, now, why some stranger might want to touch regardless of the looming threat Sam presents. Can see why Sam might feel he has to protect Dean from covetous eyes: be a little fast on the draw.

“Dean,” Bobby rasps, and then goes still as Dean gets up and comes around the table toward him. Sam is a furnace at Bobby’s back, making his neck crawl and his fingers twitch for his gun, and Bobby is suddenly certain that they brought him over here to kill him. But Dean only throws his arms around Bobby and hauls him into a hug tight enough to make his ribs creak in protest.

Before Bobby can even begin to wince, Dean has released him and is stepping back at arms length. “Sorry,” he grins. “I’m not used to touching humans.”

Touching humans. Jesus.

Bobby tries to work up some spit in his bone-dry mouth and can’t manage enough to slick a stamp. Then Sam bumps his arm with one elbow. “Sit down.”

Bobby casts a quick, startled look back and up at him. When he catches sight of the three drinks in Sam’s hand, his stomach settles a bit. If they want to water him, they probably aren’t gonna cut him open and spill it right out again. They almost certainly only want to talk. He’s pretty sure.

Carefully, Bobby edges into the chair closest to the door. John’s boys head around to the other side of the table. Their arms brush as they move, and Dean takes two of the drinks from his brother without a hitch in either of their gaits. When they sit, it’s with one movement.

Bobby wishes, suddenly and insanely, that he could see them hunt.

“Your leg bothering you?” Dean asks abruptly.

Bobby frowns at him, trying to figure out how the hell Dean noticed when Bobby knows, sure as he knows from the ache in his bones that it’ll rain tonight, that he wasn’t limping. Not even a bit. He didn’t want to give them any signs of weakness.

Only somehow he had.

Dean is still waiting for an answer, so Bobby clears his throat and grunts, “Black dog.”

Wincing, Dean slides one of the glasses across the table. “They can be nasty. Sam and I ran into a pack about a month ago—outside Boulder, wasn’t it, Sam?”

Sam toys with his drink and stares at Bobby and doesn’t say anything.

Dean’s shoulders jerk and Sam grunts, eyes narrowing briefly. If Bobby didn’t know better, he’d say Dean just kicked his brother under the table.

“Boulder was hellhounds,” Sam says now.

“Yeah, right. Hellhounds.” Dean drums his fingers against the wood, smile going strained. “So, uh, how you been, Bobby?”

Bobby stares at him. Dean doesn’t actually think they’re going to have share time here, does he? Jesus Christ, Bobby should be running for his life, or shooting, or—or something.

“What do you want?” he asks hoarsely.

Dean’s smile slips and Sam edges closer to his brother, dropping a hand on the back of Dean’s neck. Bobby can see Sam’s thumb moving, rubbing, and his stomach gives a little flip that deepens into a pit when Dean doesn’t pull away from the … caress, nothing else to call it. Then Sam turns his head and nuzzles at Dean’s neck, eyes angled toward Bobby and glinting yellow.

“Come on, baby. Told you he wasn’t gonna listen.”

Dean rolls his eyes. “Stop being an asshole,” he grumbles, shoving Sam away a little. But only annoyed, not disgusted. Like he’s used to this kind of thing.

“You said you weren’t gonna touch him.” It’s suicide, but Bobby can’t keep it in. He’s—God, he’s tried not to think about Sam’s confession over the years—tried not to wonder—and here it is shoved in his face. Deliberately, from Sam’s satisfied smirk.

Boy’s still holding grudges after all this time.

“Things change,” Sam says flatly, and Dean barks, “Sam!”

Sam hunches a little, scowling at the table.

“Go get me another drink,” Dean says.

“You haven’t even touched that one,” Sam mutters, rebellious as always.

Dean gives his brother a cool look and tosses the whiskey back in one, long draw. When he tilts his head back, Bobby can’t help but notice the purpling bruise just underneath his jaw where someone (Sam) got a little carried away. Dean slams the empty glass back on the table and Bobby jumps. The look Sam shoots him as he gets up to head for the bar is part dark amusement, part warning.

“Sorry about that,” Dean apologizes, fiddling with his empty glass. “He’s been on edge since Houston.”

What Bobby wants to do is demand what the hell Dean is thinking, letting Sam touch him like that. He hasn’t quite finished working through his shock, though, and what comes out past his numb lips is, “What happened in Houston?”

Dean shrugs with studied nonchalance. “Ran into a coupla demons. They said some stuff Sam didn’t care for, but we took care of them.”

Bobby glances over his shoulder and sees that the bartender is taking her time getting around to taking Sam’s order. Still spooked from before, probably. When he looks back at Dean, he tries like hell to see the berserker, the danger, but all he can see is John Winchester’s son, too brightly burning for his own good, staring down at his empty glass with an awkward slump to his shoulders.

Without letting himself think it through, he leans across the table and grabs Dean’s hand.

Dean jerks, startled, but doesn’t pull away. “Bobby, what the hell, man?”

“You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to,” Bobby says urgently. “If Sam’s—if he’s hurting you, if he’s—I can clear out your room, and you can—”

Dean’s eyes go even wider, more alarmed, and when Bobby registers the prick at his throat he understands why.

“You want to let him go real slow,” Sam drawls, and drags the blade up higher beneath Bobby’s chin. Bobby opens his hand obediently and doesn’t move. Doesn’t even dare to breathe.

“He wasn’t trying to kill me, dumb ass,” Dean snaps.

The pressure on Bobby’s throat doesn’t waver. “We’re going. Now.”

“Go wait in the car, Sam,” Dean orders, mouth tightening.

Now Bobby knows how the bone feels when two junkyard dogs start snarling at each other over who gets to take the first bite. Jesus, why the hell didn’t he try running when he had the chance?

“I’m not leaving you alone with him.”

“You really want to have this argument again?” Dean demands. “Cause you know we’ll win. You’re outnumbered three to one here, Sammy. So put the damned knife away before you start another brawl and go cool off.”

After a moment where Bobby’s sure he’s about to choke on his own blood, the prickle of steel against his throat eases off. Sam comes back into view, scowling and adjusting his right sleeve where the knife he was just using is safely hidden again.

“I’ll shut up, but I’m staying,” he says, eyes fixed on Bobby.

“Whatever,” Dean mutters, and then turns back to Bobby himself. “Look, I’m fine. Sam isn’t doing anything I don’t want. Swear to God.”

That shouldn’t make the queasiness in Bobby’s stomach settle, but it does anyway. He’s still sweating from his close call with Sam, but he’s had near misses plenty of times before and he’s used to them by now.

“Okay,” he says, and somehow means it.

“We aren’t dangerous,” Dean continues, and Bobby can’t smother a cynical laugh as he brushes one hand against his throat.

“Told you,” Sam mutters, and Dean tosses him a look.

“Yeah, cause you just pulled a fucking knife on him.”

“Oh, like he wasn’t already staring at us like we’re monsters! Open your eyes, Dean. He didn’t believe it coming from Tyr’s Bible, he sure as hell isn’t gonna believe it coming from us.”

“Try me,” Bobby says, surprising himself.

When the boys turn to look at him, there’s a soft, golden cast to both of their gazes. Dean purses his lips, annoyed, while Sam offers Bobby a humorless smile.

“Okay,” Sam says. “We’re not insane. We’re not going insane. Dean and I—we’re what berserkers were meant to be, back when they first came into existence.” He pauses and then adds, “When the andar came to ask us to help them fight the demons.”

“That’s what it says in the book,” Bobby says slowly.

“Yeah, it is,” Sam agrees, and then falls silent. Challenging. Dean is silent as well, but there’s a hopeful, trusting look on his face that Bobby can’t help responding to. Against his better judgment, he considers what Sam is telling him.

The thing of it is, with the boys sitting in front of him, it doesn’t seem quite so far fetched anymore. Or maybe Bobby’s just that desperate.

“Say I believe you. What then?”

“We need you to keep the rest of the hunters off our backs,” Dean tells him. “We had to discourage a few over the last three months, and sooner or later someone’s gonna get hurt.”

Bobby has no doubt that when blood is spilled, it won’t be Winchester. “What else?” he asks.

With an encouraged tilt to his eyebrows, Dean leans forward. “You’re going to Harvelle’s,” he says. “To the meeting.”

Bobby starts despite himself. That meeting’s supposed to be a secret, and he doesn’t think any hunter would willingly tell the Winchesters what was going on. Not these days.

“How’d you know about that?” he demands.

“We hear things,” Sam says, and eases back in his chair. Still distrusting, still intent and so damned focused Bobby gets the impression he’s looking for an excuse. Bobby’s doing his best not to give him one.

“The point is,” Dean continues, with a meaningful look at his brother, “We’ve got some information you need to give them. You’ve seen the signs, right?”

“Don’t think I could’ve missed them if I tried,” Bobby admits.

“Someone’s coming. Sam and I have heard it from a few different demons now, and we’re pretty sure we know who it is.”

It’s the last thing Bobby expected to hear. “Who?” he asks.

“Lilith.” Sam again, and his lips are curling up in a way that makes Bobby feel like a plump canary. “I have it on good authority that she’s a grade A bitch.”

“So spread the word, all right?” Dean says, pushing back his chair.

Sam stands as well, and Bobby understands belatedly that that’s it: the interview is over. Struggling to his own feet, he says, “Hang on a second, boys. If that book wasn’t a crock of shit, then we need you, damn it.”

“We’ll be around,” Dean tells him with a tone of finality that Bobby can’t bring himself to argue with. What was he gonna do with them, anyway? If he walked into Harvelle’s with the Winchesters on his heels, he’d just get them all shot.

Himself, anyway: he kind of doubts that anything as simple as a bullet is going to take Sam or Dean down at this point.

With his eyes fastened on Bobby, Dean sticks out his hand. His expression is uncertain, as if he thinks Bobby will refuse the gesture, and Bobby’s throat closes up on him. For the first time he knows, right down to his marrow, that this is Dean in front of him. Not just something that looks like him and has his memories, but the man himself.

He grabs Dean’s extended hand and then, instead of shaking it, uses it to pull the boy into a hug. This time Sam doesn’t move: just watches him with a still, considering mien.

Dean looks a little dazed when Bobby lets him go, but his smile is so damned bright and blinding. Free. Happy.

Been a long time since Bobby saw that look on the boy’s face.

In a voice huskier than Bobby would like, he says, “You need me, you call.” It’s a ludicrous offer—as if the two of them would ever need an old man’s help—but Dean’s smile widens and he claps Bobby on the shoulder.

“Pass the word that we’re here. If they decide they want help,” Dean says. Sam makes a face at that, but doesn’t argue.

Throwing a glance at his brother, Dean announces, “I’ll be in the car. Good seeing you, Bobby.” He turns around and heads for the door, moving loose and rangy. Every last head in the room turns to track him—wondering, longing—and Bobby knows what they’re all thinking because he’s thinking it himself.

Beautiful.

“He doesn’t have any idea, does he?” Bobby murmurs, half to himself.

“No, he doesn’t,” Sam agrees.

Bobby turns back to him. Without Dean’s facilitating easiness, it’s awkward between them, and Bobby catches a glimpse of what life must have been like for John before his youngest took off for the greener pastures of academia. Sam’s still looking at him with that heavy, calculating gaze, and Bobby has to resist the urge to fidget before him.

“You’ll take care of him,” Bobby says. It’s not quite a question, but he doesn’t have the authority to make it an order. Not that he thinks he needs to.

“Always,” Sam agrees, and then purses his lips briefly. “Look, I owe you an apology.”

“What?” Bobby says, startled.

“I didn’t think you’d believe us.” The words are reluctant. Boy can rival his old man when it comes to holding grudges. “He wanted to see you sooner, but I. I didn’t think it was a good idea.”

But Bobby thinks back on the last few years—on how angry he’d been when he realized Sam had ditched them all, at the threat: on how foolishly certain he was until the skies rained down fire and the rivers turned to blood and everything he knew to be true was turned on its ass. He isn’t sure that Sam wasn’t right to keep his distance before now.

“Maybe it wouldn’t have been,” he tells him. “But things change.”

“Yeah, they do.” Sam angles his head and the light catches his eyes. “I would never hurt him, Bobby.”

“Yeah.”

“But I appreciate you trying to look out for him. God knows I’m having a hell of a time getting him to do that for himself.”

“You seem to be doing okay,” Bobby says, and when Sam brightens a bit he catches a glimpse of the chubby boy who used to trail his brother around the salvage yard with the devout hero worship of the very young and innocent.

Sam sticks his hand out as well, and when Bobby takes it he finds himself pulled in for a hug. Up close, Sam smells muskier than he used to, and Bobby catches a whiff of leather. Sam isn’t wearing any, but Dean was.

Everything else considered, it doesn’t bother him too much.

“Be careful with Lilith,” Sam tells him as they part. “She isn’t a normal demon.”

“You’ve met her,” Bobby says, surprised.

Sam gives his head a little shake and then says, “Yes. No. I’ve seen her. In my visions. When there were visions.” Then, reaching into his pocket, he pulls out a piece of paper. “Call us when you need us.”

‘When’, and not ‘if.’ Bobby takes the phone number, fingering the slip of paper as Sam starts for the door.

“Sam?” he calls.

Sam hesitates, glancing back.

“You take care of yourself too, son.”

Sam flashes him a wry half-smile and heads for the door again. Watching the patrons turn to follow him with their eyes, Bobby thinks that Dean isn’t the only one who doesn’t quite understand the effect he has on people. Doesn’t know what catching a glimpse of something like that does to a person.

He looks down at the number in his hand and realizes that there’s writing on the back. Turning it over, he reads, “Bellum omnium in omnes.”

A war of all against all.

It’s Sam’s parting message to him, but Bobby doesn’t need the warning. He already knew what’s coming when he decided to show at this damned meeting of Harvelle’s. Knew that it’s high time for the hunters to get their act together: for all those alpha dogs to fall in line and step smart.

The world teeters on the edge of night, and the hunters are stuck watching the light fade from the sky. Scattered. Divided in mind and spirit.

But there are other things in the night, keeping watch on the ridges and slipping through the low grass.

John’s boys, standing shoulder-to-shoulder against the coming darkness.

Over the jukebox country, Bobby thinks he can hear the roar of a familiar engine gunning out of the parking lot. The other patrons have gone back to what they were doing, but he notices that some of the women have a far off look in their eyes. One of the men keeps touching his side where a hunter would keep a gun: a knight his sword.

Old times come again, stirring old hungers. Stirring the blood.

Bellum omnium in omnes, Bobby thinks, and rubs his fingers against the slip of paper like a talisman.

He finishes the drink Sam bought him: a grim shot of courage to last him through the night. Then, leaving a twenty on the bar to cover the evening’s tab, he heads out to the truck he’s using these days. It’s on its last legs, but he thinks he might be able to make it to Harvelle’s without breaking down in only two hours if he pushes the engine to its limit.

He has a message to deliver.