In the middle of a quiet afternoon, as Severus Snape read through a series of Ministry dispatches on criminal uses of polyjuice potion, Lucius Malfoy tossed down the Daily Prophet and uttered the words that Severus feared most:

"I'm so bored."

"Let's go somewhere," suggested Severus immediately. A bored Malfoy was a dangerous Malfoy -- at best he might only come up with a mischievous erotic suggestion, but in such a mood Lucius was apt to fly into a temper, disappearing to parts unknown or turning his frustration on Severus, who knew that he was hopelessly provincial compared to the wealthy, sophisticated older wizard and had little hope of keeping him entertained.

"Where could we go?" Severus did not like to suggest shopping, as Malfoy had far more money than he ever would, and he suspected that Lucius was as tired of Quidditch and Muggle cricket matches as he was, himself. While he was considering, Lucius stood, stretched the perfectly formed muscles under his golden skin, and said, "Let's go away from here. Somewhere that involves packing. And spending money. And seeing things that don't exist in this part of the world."

An idea came to Severus. It was a lot to ask, perhaps, but sometimes Lucius liked it when he surprised him. "There's a dark arts convention in Munich that starts tomorrow. Wizards from all over Europe will be there. If it's true that a Durmstrang student has made strides in developing a potion to treat the effects of lycanthropy, we could be the first to see it."

"That's true..." Lucius looked tempted for a moment, but then he flopped back into his chair. "I don't think they'll ever cure us of werewolves, unfortunately. And there will be people at that convention whom I don't want to put up with, the ones who attend not because they have true research interests but because they think it's dangerous or taboo to study the dark arts." His eyes narrowed, and he repeated, "Taboo." Swinging around, he looked at Severus. "Why don't we go to New Orleans?"

"In America?" asked Severus stupidly. He'd never been further from home than France, and Lucius was proposing to travel across the ocean to a country where (it seemed to Severus) they had, not very many years before, hanged people accused of practicing witchcraft. But Lucius was smiling, so he attempted to match his enthusiasm. "It would certainly be...exotic."

"Just think," Lucius beamed, "the New World. Voudou. The Muggle food and music is supposed to be wonderful. Besides, in America nobody will care who we are or where we come from, and..." His smile turned lecherous. "I want to fuck you in a bed in an inn and have people clean up after us, instead of elves."

"Naughty, Lucius," chided Severus, but the older man was already pulling him to his feet and through the house to his bedroom, where he brought several trunks out of a closet. He waved his wand, and a moment later, clothing, toiletries and other items began flying across the room from drawers and closets, packing themselves.

Severus watched the trunks filling and gazed at Lucius' pleased expression as he strode around picking up other items he needed. "I'm sick to death of this place," he announced, glaring at the embroidered tapestries hanging above his bed. "This house, and work, and my parents, and...everything. I need to go someplace else, and I want you to come with me."

While Lucius' gaze swept the furniture , pondering whether or not he'd forgotten anything, Severus glanced across the elegant room and decided that it might be wisest not to ask questions. If he were to travel with Lucius, he liked the idea of it being to a place where Lucius had never been, so that at least they would be equals in the novelty of the experience. "Let me send an owl to work, and stop at home to pick up some clothes..."

"I took care of that for you this morning," admitted Lucius, as his eyes showed a flicker of what might have been an apology. "It occurred to me to go away last night. Then I thought, 'Wouldn't it be wonderful to show Severus a part of the world he's never seen before?' I didn't think you'd say no. You need a vacation -- I was asked no questions when I told your supervisor that I required your company."

Severus could not decide whether to be appalled or amused. He knew better than to tell Lucius that if a Malfoy demanded the presence of Severus Snape for consultation, even if it caused him to miss days of work, his superiors would let him go without a word of complaint, nor ask too many questions upon his return. Moreover, if what Lucius was saying was true, he had picked the destination with Severus in mind. "You planned this trip...around me?" he asked, allowing his surprise to speak for itself.

"I did. Although your mother believes that we are traveling on Ministry business, and I promised that you would owl her." Kneeling on the floor, Lucius stuffed some papers into a trunk and closed it, then looked up at Severus with excitement in his eyes. "So let's go. Get your things. Why are you hesitating?"

"It's just that I'm sure it will cost a great deal, and I already owe you so much...I shouldn't get used to living like this..."

"Honestly, Severus. Indulge me. Think of it as an early birthday present. I've made the arrangements for you to go, it's not a problem that you're missing work, and I will fetch a scroll right now so that you can write to your parents." A moment later there was parchment beside Severus, with a quill already writing the opening pleasantries for him.

While the quill scratched, Severus watched Lucius move through the room. The older man's behavior over the previous few days had been unfathomable. It was as though Severus' confession that Lucius owned him had freed Lucius to stop trying to coerce such an acknowledgment from him. Lucius had been kind, even affectionate -- Severus nearly thought romantic, though he had so little experience of that sort of attachment that he hesitated to use the term. Despite his resistance to words that Lucius uttered on the verge of climax, which might just as easily have been addressed to a fantasy as to himself, Severus appreciated the change; he did not want to think about what Lucius might want of him that required the sort of bond that seemed to be forming.

Quite pleasantly, Lucius inquired, "Are you finished yet?" Severus was constructing a fiction for his father -- a discussion of potential work to be done in America with the veiled suggestion that he and Lucius might enjoy themselves with bronze-skinned, bead-clad witches -- a lie that he assumed his parents were near to disbelieving, though Severus thought that even if they suspected the true nature of his relationship with Lucius Malfoy, they would never say a word to anyone. Finishing the letter, he rolled it and handed it to Lucius, who stepped out of the room to give it to one of the plush-feathered, well-mannered birds in the private owlery.

While Lucius was gone, Severus removed what clothes he kept at the Malfoy home and began to put them into a trunk. By the time Lucius returned, he was sitting on the bed with his shoulders hunched and his knees drawn up -- not looking at all like someone anticipating a vacation, he realized, forcing himself to uncoil and stand. "Can I travel like this?" he asked, embarrassed.

"Wait." Striding past him, Lucius opened a wardrobe and retrieved a box, which he set down on the bed and opened. "I had these made for you." Severus stared from Lucius to the gleaming fabric of the contents. "You shouldn't have," he said, awed, extending one finger to touch, fearful of carelessly staining the expensive clothing.

"Of course I should have," retorted Lucius, shrugging one shoulder. "You should wear color more often; black makes your complexion sickly. And look...Slytherin green." When he reached out to begin removing what Severus was already wearing, Severus kept still, wondering whether Lucius might be playing out a childhood craving for a pet or perhaps a doll. Lucius had no need to court him; Lucius had never needed to offer him gifts or tokens, not from the first night he had invited Severus to his room and asked him in the simplest terms to satisfy him. Why Lucius was suddenly treating him like a cherished...yes, pet would do...Severus could not imagine.

Yet Lucius adjusted the new robes on Severus, trailing fingertips over his arms with a satisfied smile, before guiding Severus to the full-length mirror between the closets. "You should see. It's remarkable what a little color will do."

Severus blinked at his own image; he supposed that the color did suit him as well as any shade might, but what appeared more remarkable was how the robes resembled what Lucius wore, contrasting shades but certainly the same tailor. They looked like -- well, certainly not brothers, for Lucius' bright hair and fair complexion would have made him stand out beside nearly anyone -- but very nearly peers. "Thank you," said Severus, feeling humbled, though still entirely puzzled as to what Lucius was up to.

"You're very welcome." Lucius cast their reflection one last appraising look before guiding Severus away. "We will be staying in the very heart of wizarding society in the city. But I think you'll find that in parts of New Orleans it may be difficult to tell the wizards from the charlatans." Turning away, he picked up a few bags. "You speak some French, don't you? We'll be at l'Hotel Voisin in the French Quarter..."

Severus only nodded. There was little he could contribute; other than some reading about legendary haunted houses, voudou and macumba, and a popular series of Muggle novels about generations of witches from New Orleans, he knew little about the city and nothing about its fashionable lodgings. "Provided they didn't completely make a mess of things after the owl I sent, our room should be ready," Lucius was continuing. "I'm sure that they will be more than happy to be of assistance after the advance I sent them. Do you have everything? Don't worry too much if you don't, we can buy it there."

The spell that Lucius used to send the luggage on its way was not one that Severus had heard before, and he experienced a moment of panic as he contemplated the distance across which they would be traveling -- impossible by floo powder, extremely difficult to apparate for any but an extremely powerful wizard. But he had always wanted to see America, and he did want to travel with Lucius far from London, someplace where no one could possibly recognize either of them, where perhaps Lucius would be seen in public with him as an equal...or at least a friend.

"Come here," Lucius said, pulling something from a pocket. At first Severus thought it might be a time-turner, but instead of a miniature hourglass, the long chain held a tiny globe with golden continents and silver seas. Lucius turned it as if it were a lock that required a specific combination of twists to open, holding Severus against him with his free arm. He was smiling, his face as open and cheerful as that of a child, with none of the sneering or conceit that often clouded his expressions. "Now hold on, and don't blame me if you look down."

With a loud whooshing sound like the arrival of a great storm, the walls and floor dropped away. Severus had the overwhelming impression of hurtling at inconceivable speed across the sky -- of land and then ocean rushing by far beneath him -- clenching his eyes shut, he felt on his skin the sensation of icy air giving way to a somewhat warmer wind. He clung tightly to Lucius, whose exhilarated laugh was the one constant in the mad tempest.

After an interminable passage -- a few minutes? a quarter of an hour? -- the world zoomed back into focus around them and the ground rose up to their feet. They were outdoors, standing in a small park, and Severus felt all his senses assaulted at once. The sun was warmer, brighter than he had seen it in months, gleaming off shining green leaves and the water of a bird bath; he could hear birds, insects, distant voices, Muggle traffic, a dog, a far-off train, and a slow, sad melody being played on a horn of some sort; the air smelled of flowers he couldn't identify, and cooking fish, and mud, and himself and Lucius sweating in their fine clothes, still clutching at one another.

Lucius laughed breathlessly, keeping an arm around him until they reached the edge of the greenery and stepped onto the walk. "It's right over here." Across the way stood an enormous, ornately decorated mansion, with curtains blowing out the windows and blooms spilling out of pots on the porch. Severus followed Lucius inside, where the older man stalked past a line of wizards to the front desk and waved to a rather flustered-looking innkeeper. They exchanged words, then the innkeeper walked away, and a boy not much younger than Severus emerged from a back room, bearing a set of keys.

As they took a spinning spiral staircase to the uppermost floor, Severus looked around, from the windows facing the street to the common rooms inside. The inn was bright with early morning light streaming through all the windows, which were open to the breeze, smelling of fresh flowers and spices and something else that Severus thought must have been the river. Noticing his distraction, Lucius smiled indulgently. "Come on," he said, "we can look around as soon as we've settled in. It's several hours earlier on this side of the world; we have all day."

Severus followed without speaking, wondering whether Lucius had registered under his own name and how many rooms he had paid for. Would the hotel manager understand that they were sharing a bed or would only their maids know? The young man led them down a bright hallway, through an open door into a large, spacious suite of rooms with a single, very large bed. Their luggage, Severus noted, had preceded them, and it appeared that their robes had been hung in one of the closets.

Lucius tipped the young man, who stared at the foreign coin, then departed silently. As he shed the outer layer of his clothing, he smiled at Severus. "Here we are. What would you like to do first?" Stepping to the window, Severus leaned out and took a deep breath, thinking that there must have been an enchantment around l'Hotel Voisin to screen out Muggle pollution and filth because he could smell only the flowers and the nearby muddy water, thick and slightly bitter yet teeming with life. Lucius allowed him a moment to adjust to the surroundings -- the New World, Severus reminded himself, nearly half a world away from his own dark, drafty home and from the equally dark, stifling velvet-and-wood rooms in Lucius' family mansion.

Then he felt Lucius wrap his arms around his chest to nuzzle the side of his neck, and Severus' hands began to fumble at the clasp on his robes, wanting to feel the air on his skin. Mouth moving up to Severus' ear, Lucius did his best to help him take off the garment. "I'm so pleased that you came with me," he whispered as he stroked Severus' bare chest and belly.

"Thank you for bringing me here." It humbled Severus to know that he had nearly run away from this, and that he had spent so much time worrying about Lucius' motives that he could not permit himself to enjoy what was offered. Things might still end badly, but that was not a reason to refuse to enjoy the present moment. Turning in Lucius' arms, he wrapped an arm around his neck, kissing him more passionately than he would usually have risked.

Lucius' arms tightened around him, and his response to the kiss was just as passionate. He let one arm move away from Severus to begin to work at his own robes. Severus wondered whether the flowers blooming just outside the window were producing an intoxicant, for he felt eager, even lightheaded. He was in a beautiful place with a beautiful man, and before he could cringe at the mawkishness of that last thought, he pulled Lucius to him again, tangling his fingers in Lucius' hair, exploring his mouth for many blissful moments. When Lucius drew back, he murmured, "The air here seems to agree with you."

"No," replied Severus, shaking his head. "That is, yes, but not only." He wanted to explain that it was not the air but the ease with which Lucius was smiling at him, as if they were lovers on holiday together rather than a wealthy, powerful man who had brought along a fawning youth to keep him entertained -- a precarious balance that might collapse at any time. His own lips twitched as he ventured, "I would like to see if the bed is comfortable."

Lucius raised an eyebrow, but his smile did not waver as he took Severus' hand to tug him close. They kissed over and over while Lucius moved backward to the bed, nearly tripping over one of the oversized curtains draping from the canopy onto the floor around it; he was laughing as he pulled Severus down with him. "I'm so glad to be away." He wrapped arms and legs around Severus before adding, whispered in his ear, "...and with you."

Severus refused to analyze the comment -- to look for hidden meanings, taunts, anything that might have spoiled it. He only kissed Lucius back, turning against him, nuzzling his thighs and swollen cock, wanting simply to give and receive pleasure. He had planned to ask Lucius to fuck him, but if they fucked now, he would inevitably think of power games, positions and rules, what might constitute going too far...he did not want to think, only to enjoy the feeling.

Lucius squirmed around, nipping playfully at Severus' thigh. His mouth moved up to brush Severus' hip, then kissed across his belly and lower, licking the head of his cock. Severus opened his mouth and sucked Lucius in, tasting warm skin that seemed made to be enjoyed in the salty-sweet air from the open windows. He tried to imagine being in the river, in water warm enough to make love, with the dark mud obscuring their bodies...he found himself remembering making love in the tub with Lucius, feeling tepid water enveloping his chest and arms in bubbling surges as he moved. It was good, and had been good for a long time, had he only taken a moment to realize it.

Lucius moaned softly, though Severus had the impression that he was keeping himself in check, refusing to thrust hard into his mouth. He continued to lick Severus, not teasingly, but unhurried, and his hands stroked the small of his back. Shuddering, Severus drew Lucius in, encouraging him to move deeper, for he knew that he would not last; he whimpered, then moaned around the cock in his mouth, feeling both relaxed and urgent all at once. Lucius, too, let out a muffled little groan, his fingers tightening on Severus' hip, and he closed his mouth around him, sliding along his length, sucking.

With a hand under Lucius' hip, Severus urged him to roll; he loved the feeling of Lucius' body over his, hair falling across his thighs, muscles surging against him. Yet the shift provided momentary distraction from the pleasure knotting deep inside him, triggering involuntary thrusts of his hips, making him gasp around Lucius' cock while it pressed toward his throat. Holding himself up with his elbows, Lucius did his best not to choke Severus, working his own mouth faster, sucking harder. Severus tried not to think about when Lucius had become so solicitous of him, focusing instead on how right it felt to have Lucius hard and shaking above him; he was tempted to take Lucius' buttocks in his hands and drag him down, squeezing, sucking, possessing. His own buttocks tensed, pushing him up from the bed into Lucius' welcoming mouth.

Then he was much too close, too close even to stop and groan a warning, with Lucius twitching against his tongue...he went rigid, spilling himself down Lucius' throat which closed around him as he swallowed. When he pulled back to breathe, Lucius moaned and pushed himself in at a deeper angle, groaning, "Severus--oh--oh!", clutching at Severus' thighs, letting out sounds like sobs as he came. Still trying to recover, Severus could not keep up with the flood that poured out of Lucius, which burned at the back of his nose and drowned his breath.

Choking, turning his head to the side, he was reminded of swimming in the ocean when he was a small child. It had been one of the few vacations his family ever took...a wave took him down, and for a few horrible seconds before his father had pulled him up, he had been certain that he was going to die there with the salt and grit in his throat. But once he recovered, the sun had seemed brighter, the sea bluer, and his parents had spent the whole day trying to console him with sweets. He had so few happy memories untainted by bittersweet moments, and these months with Lucius had been among the happiest of his life...forgetting for a moment that he could be heard, he whispered, "I must love you."

Though he was still shaking from his climax, Lucius pushed himself up and turned around to crawl to Severus' side, lowering himself onto his belly, half-covering Severus who had closed his eyes in fear and shame. Gentle fingers wiped his chin and mouth, and he peered out to see Lucius licking his own hand clean, smiling with a contented triumph that did not suggest conquest. Severus shut his eyes again; if Lucius was planning to gloat or mock him with his own words, he could not bear to know. Yet he felt only a kiss against his chin, then arms tunneling beneath his back, and he could not stop his own hands from encircling Lucius and holding on to him, letting the smooth, soft hair brush his face.

Lucius lifted his head, smiling at Severus, about to speak again when a noise from the hall made them both twist their heads up. The boy who had led them to their room pushed open the door, holding a spare set of keys and carrying fresh flowers and linens; he looked up to see the two of them on the bed together, naked and gleaming with sweat, and gaped before returning to his manners. Quickly excusing himself in French, he tried to back out the door, but Lucius rose, holding a pillow in front of his groin, and strode over to speak to him in a low voice before snatching the keys from his hand and closing the door in his face. Severus had turned onto his belly to hide his nakedness, tugging the bedcovers over himself, and he glanced cautiously at Lucius as he returned, wondering whether the other man would now be furious or withdrawn.

Dropping the keys on the table beside the bed, Lucius climbed beneath the heavy blankets with Severus, though the room was really too warm to require such covers. "I told him that if he ever looked at you again, I'd curse his family."

Severus snorted, "I hardly think that he was looking at me. Are you worried that he is going to destroy your reputation?"

"Excuse me?"

"You didn't like him seeing us. Like that."

"I didn't want him staring at you while you were naked." Severus wondered whether Lucius was ashamed of his pale, scrawny body compared to Lucius' own gleaming skin; the clerks and pages at the inn all appeared to be tan and fit. "Because you're mine," Lucius added almost fiercely, pushing Severus over onto his back and leaning over him, "and no one should look at what's mine."

Severus could not think what to say -- neither what response Lucius might want nor how to explain his own feelings, a combination of pride and terror. Perhaps Lucius thought of him as something bought and paid for like this room and his robes. He remembered being told, not so long ago, that he was Lucius' whore, and even if Lucius had been jesting, Severus remained fearful that on some level it might be true. He wondered whether any part of Lucius was his.

"Aren't you mine?" The tone held the hint of a threat, but Severus could see that Lucius needed a reply; his mouth was soft, and his eyes were as vulnerable as Severus had ever seen them. Touching Lucius' face, he nodded slightly, and was rewarded with a broad smile from his seemingly delighted lover. "Good," Lucius said, and kissed him again, rolling to the side with a sigh of satisfaction. "Why don't I send down for some food, and after we've eaten, we can go walk through the French Quarter."

Lucius had a feast brought up -- okra stew, jambalaya and bread pudding, Cajun oysters and red beans, Creole shrimp, beignets -- so much food that Severus wondered whether he intended for them to taste all the specialties of the local cuisine before they ever ventured outside. When they finally walked through the glass-paneled doors onto the vast porch surrounding the inn, Lucius shaded his eyes with his hand, saying, "Ah, sunlight. I'd forgotten what that felt like, at home."

Severus glanced around at the people. Though it was nowhere near Mardi Gras -- a frenzied time in the wizarding world as well as among Muggles -- the youths dressed more outrageously than most in London, besides those young punks with colorful hair. There were public displays of affection taking place on the outskirts of the park where they had arrived, and noisy messengers riding two-wheeled vehicles with horns. "Later I shall take you to St. Louis Cemetery, and tonight we'll eat someplace with music," Lucius was promising. "But right now, I'd like to take you to a marketplace."

After hailing a mule-drawn carriage driven by a wizard -- he was dressed as a Muggle, but he spoke to the animals in equine language and allowed them to see his wand, hidden discreetly among his riding crops -- Lucius whispered a destination, then sat back with Severus, putting an arm around his shoulders. The driver kept up a running commentary, pointing out New Orleans landmarks in Jackson Square and along Bourbon Street, but Severus was scarcely listening. From behind exquisite wrought-iron fences and balustrades, flowering trees and shrubs filled the air with sweet scent, mingled occasionally with pipe smoke and frying food. Lucius had pulled out a guidebook on the region with moving pictures of swamps filled with alligators, a white-sand beach on the Gulf, ancient oak trees swaying on a plantation...nothing Severus had ever seen near his home across the sea. He thought that if there were a way to capture this day in its entirety to relive later on, he would like to do so.

"Well, well, well," chuckled a warm voice in his ear, making Severus realize that he was smiling dreamily. "You look like you've just spent a few hours getting the fucking of your life."

Raising a hand to his neck, Severus could feel a bruise left by Lucius' lips, though he did not think that it could be seen above his collar; he could feel another inside his thigh, too, which fortunately would not be evident to any passersby. "I have," he drawled, mimicking the local accent, sounding far more satisfied than he expected, and suddenly he could not help laughing.

"Good," Lucius agreed, stroking his free hand over a sleeve of the beautiful new clothing Severus wore. The fabric was light, designed for a warm climate such as this; he had never owned anything so frivolous as clothes for leisure, there had never been money for it, and his mother had been furious any time he had stained his robes. The fingers of Lucius' other hand lifted from his shoulder and wove into his hair, pulling him closer. "I was thinking that we should go down to the river tonight, when it gets dark. After dinner. We could make love under the stars."

"But..." Severus gaped. From what he understood, the area around the river was constantly crowded with people -- Muggles and their law enforcement officers, wizards in disguise, and some wizards who insisted upon making a spectacle of themselves by presenting themselves to Muggles as fortunetellers and mind-readers. "Won't people see us?"

"Honestly, Severus, anyone would think you had never heard of concealment charms and invisibility cloaks. The Muggles will never know that we were there, and the wizards will know better than to disturb such a charm in such a place."

"You were planning to kiss me where people could see us?"

"Yes." Lucius had a wicked grin on his face, and Severus knew better than to argue; moreover, he had not the slightest desire to question Lucius' motives. He glanced at his hair gleaming in the bright sunlight, squinting slightly, as the mules drew to a halt.

Lucius reached out and tugged excitedly on Severus' sleeve, like a child. "Here!" he announced triumphantly, paying the driver with American currency and leading Severus towards a small store that none of the numerous passersby seemed either to notice or to want to visit. To enter he wove past several Muggles and a few witches without a glance at them. "Dark arts," he said softly to Severus. "Supplies...anything you could want. The store has a spell that protects it, rather like the Room of Requirement at Hogwarts -- only those who know to look for it will ever see that it's here."

Severus sniggered faintly, for the shop was sandwiched between a brightly painted house with a glowing "Tarot Readings" sign above the door and an African imports boutique with terrifying-looking sculptures in the window. He hardly thought that the little dark arts store would have been likely to draw attention on this street even if it could have been seen by Muggles. "What do they have that we need here?" he asked.

"Oh, this and that..." Lucius twined his fingers with Severus', guiding him over to a display of poisons and other ingredients banned by the Ministry of Magic at home. "You may be able to find interesting herbs here that I would otherwise have to work very hard to acquire for you."

Amused, Severus reached out a finger to trace the raised foil letters on a package of cannabis sativa. "How interesting. And what did you come in here for?"

"For you," Lucius replied softly.

Severus glanced at Lucius, then back at the display in front of him. There were rare lethal mushrooms, illegally harvested ivory for aphrodisiacs, roots believed to cause nymphomania, seeds known to subvert chemical birth control. He could not even think at the moment of what he might like to experiment with; it was too exhilarating to be standing in this strange place, holding hands with Lucius who had not let go of him, despite the fact that there were at least a half-dozen other wizards and witches in the shop, and the witches in particular were openly gazing at the handsome blonde man.

"There should be books here, too. And cursed artifacts, implements of torture, ouija boards owned by famous mediums..." Lucius glanced at Severus, then lifted their joined hands, kissing Severus' knuckles. "If there's anything you want, I'll get it." Severus was frozen in place, unable to move, expecting that anything he did might make Lucius remember where he was and drop his hand. He tried to make a pretense of glancing around at the shelves -- yes, there were prison shackles, and grinning Aztec faces that shot poisoned darts -- but his eyes kept returning to the only thing he truly wanted in the store, which was standing inches in front of him, smiling. "Don't you want to look around?" Lucius asked softly.

"I..." Severus urgently needed an excuse to touch Lucius. There was a potion purporting to protect the wearer from premature balding, sitting amidst the beauty oils and polyjuice preparations; he spilled a bit from a sample vial onto his finger and swiped it across Lucius' lips.

Lucius raised an eyebrow and grinned. "What's that supposed to do?"

"Keep your hair lustrous," Severus replied wryly, running his hand through the locks spilling over Lucius' shoulder. When he pulled back, he could see a witch staring at them; Lucius gave her a narrow-eyed grin until she turned away, blushing. Severus could not meet Lucius' eyes, knowing that if he turned, so close, he would try to kiss Lucius and forget the consequences. Casting his own eyes about the store, he spotted a display case containing a small golden amulet engraved with a winged horse: Pegasus, sacred to the Greek goddess of memory, Mnemosyne, and sometimes used to represent the hippocampus, the part of the brain most responsible for storing memories.

Though Severus had never seen one, he had seen photos of similar small round amulets, and recognized this one as a memory-locket. Once activated, it would send its owner back to the precise minute preserved within it as often as the owner wished, allowing the seconds to be relived -- physically and emotionally -- as if they were taking place anew. His hand fell on Lucius' arm. "I want that," he said, turning him toward the case, then flinching in embarrassment. The amulet was probably solid gold, and very expensive, and Lucius would know what he wanted it for...

Yet Lucius only smiled, waving over one of the shopkeepers and indicating the case. "We'll take that, please." Turning back to Severus, he said, "I am delighted to bring home souvenirs, but don't you want any of the herbs or the potions to try?"

"Well..." Severus glanced at bagged packets and vials, arranged alphabetically -- hellsbreath, hemlock, henbane, hunter's disguise. He grabbed items almost randomly, certain that later he would think of a dozen for which he should have looked, but none of them were in his mind at that moment -- he simply did not want to disappoint Lucius, who eagerly accepted the packets from his hands to be wrapped for transport by the shopkeepers. Taking Severus by the arm again, he walked to the counter, paid for everything with a shocking number of gold coins and asked to have all the herbs sent to their room at the inn. The amulet he handed to Severus, who put it around his neck beneath his clothing.

Lucius was holding his hand again when they left the shop, stopping briefly to look at the African sculptures in the store next door. The bright sunshine made Severus blink as his eyes watered; he hoped that Lucius would not notice, nor notice that his palm was sweating, and he wondered whether he was holding on so tightly that it might be considered clinging or so loosely that Lucius might believe he wanted to escape. Concerned that they might be attracting attention, he looked around, but the street was crowded with Muggles in skimpy clothes, and they were not the only men holding hands.

"Oh, food," Lucius said with some degree of relief, tugging Severus over to a fruit stand. "I'm ravenous, though I suppose I shouldn't be, after the size of the meal we just ate." Severus nodded; he still felt lightheaded, but he did not believe hunger was the cause. The stand had pralines and bananas which Lucius bought, neither a favorite of Severus' but he felt that while in New Orleans he should eat the food for which the region was famous.

They made their way through the crowd again to sit on a ledge around an old fountain -- now filled with flowers instead of water -- and Severus pulled his knees close to his body, wrapping his arms over them, fighting the inexplicable sensation that his limbs might fly off if he didn't keep track of them. The flowers behind them smelled exotically strong, like dizzying perfume. Lucius glanced at him. "Is the heat bothering you?"

"No, I'm just not used to it," Severus replied, accepting a banana when Lucius held one out. They were a rare indulgence at Hogwarts and something he had never eaten with his parents, who preferred their food, wool and ideas grown nearer to home. This one tasted very sweet and disintegrated wetly on his tongue, just past ripeness.

Lucius reached out and brushed Severus' hair back from his face, trailing fingers down his cheek. Softly he said, "I want you again."

Severus' hand trembled so that he very nearly dropped the banana. He had been slightly hard ever since Lucius took his hand leaving the shop, and Lucius' touch never failed to make him burn. "Should we go back?" he asked quietly.

"Would you like to?" Lucius leaned over and kissed him, making Severus squeeze the banana so tightly that he felt the skin deflate as fruit oozed over his fingers. He was torn between wanting to be back in bed with Lucius and wanting to stay outside, with Lucius touching him in full view of dozens of passersby. Why this should have made their being together seem more real was unclear to Severus, for they were anonymous in this city where not even the mighty name of Malfoy summoned respect and awe. Lucius pulled him to his feet, and then, after grabbing the bag with their uneaten sweets, once more started to lead him along the walk.

But instead of heading back to the inn, he pulled Severus into an alleyway between two buildings. "Can't wait," he said softly, tugging Severus against him for another kiss. Severus made an urgent noise and tried to look around but he could see only Lucius and the wall of the building behind him, half-covered by a dumpster and a stack of newspapers that looked as if they had been there for quite some time. He trembled slightly as he returned the kiss, unable to believe that Lucius meant to do this, there.

"Did you swallow one of those aphrodisiacs in the shop?" he managed to get out.

Lucius grinned at him as he opened Severus' robes. "Perhaps I inhaled one."

Severus looked around again. While the alley was closed to vehicular traffic, there was nothing to stop any pedestrians from taking a shortcut through, absolutely nothing to block himself and Lucius from view, and he could not even reach his wand to utter the weak invisibility charm he might have managed. "But, Lucius, here..."

"Yes," Lucius agreed, dropping to his knees, leaning forward and kissing Severus' hip, "right here." His fingers stroked teasingly over Severus' cock. "Don't you want me?" Severus' groin jerked forward even as he told himself to close his robes and beg Lucius to take him back to the inn. He could not answer in words, could only groan. "I'll take that as a yes," Lucius murmured, and his tongue started to follow his fingers, licking Severus with the same playfulness. He inched forward slightly, and his free hand reached back to cup Severus from behind.

Knees shaking, Severus grabbed onto Lucius' shoulder for support. He could see the shadows of people passing by the entrance to the alley, pausing to light cigarettes or fumble with their bags; he was certain that they would be discovered at any moment. "Lucius...please..."

"Yes, Severus?" Lucius' tongue circled around the head of his cock before he took it into his mouth, sliding over it slowly. A noise just to Severus' left made him nearly jump out of his skin as Lucius began to suck him; it turned out to be a bird scavenging in the garbage, but his heart was pounding wildly and his legs trembled even more. Lucius' hair spread out across his back in a golden fan, much too clean and beautiful for this dirty back corner of the city; Severus tried to grab a handful to tilt his head back, yet ended up only stroking it in his slippery fingers.

This made the older man hum softly, contentedly, as his mouth moved leisurely over Severus. Sometimes he would take Severus into his throat as far as he could, but then his lips would pull off to let only his tongue slide up and down the length. He did not appear to be interested in letting the exquisite torment end. Severus thought about what it would be like to walk through the city with Lucius afterward, knowing that Lucius' mouth was coated with his come. He shuddered; he knew that he was not going to be able to stop what Lucius was doing, not until it was over, probably not even if a Muggle policeman came down the alley, which was entirely possible given the distant flash of sirens somewhere out in the street. "Lucius, please," he begged again.

Briefly, Lucius glanced up at him, flashing a naughty grin, lowering his mouth over Severus' cock -- slowly, far too slowly, devoted to the task of driving Severus insane. This was intolerable, decided Severus; they might be imprisoned if Lucius insisted on continuing like this. Closing his fingers over the back of Lucius' neck, he thrust far more aggressively than he'd ever dared before. Lucius' hands moved to grab Severus' hips, but he did not try to slow him; he choked, yet did not push him away. Severus could just hear his now-ragged breathing over the sound of his own pounding heart.

There was a scream just beyond the entrance to the alley, a bunch of young men standing mere feet away, shouting and joking with each other, and if any of them were to look...Severus shocked himself by turning his head away and closing his eyes. This sensation was worth any consequences -- Lucius letting him fuck his mouth. It felt as though Lucius might be shaking, perhaps with the effort it took not to pull away. Yet he didn't, crouched in the filthy alley, possibly seconds away from discovery, remaining on his knees with Severus' cock sliding in and out of his mouth.

And Severus was very close, his toes cramping as they tensed in his shoes, his chest heaving with the effort to breathe; yet, though he suspected that he was about to have the climax of his life, the feeling that surged through him was not lust. Lucius took his hands, squeezing them reassuringly in his fingers as he swallowed convulsively around Severus' cock. "Fuck I love..." Severus gasped, but that was as far as he got before the spasms wracking his lower body rose into his throat, turning into a choked wail as he spurted into Lucius' throat.

Though he swallowed as much as he could, Lucius pulled back coughing and ducked his head to wipe his mouth. Severus quickly tore his hand away from Lucius, trying to catch the dripping fluid with his fingers. He stared down at the man still on his knees, with a faint trail of come running over the side of his jaw and dripping onto his beautiful clothes. "Fuck," Severus whispered, and leaned forward to lick it off.

Lucius rose unsteadily to his feet, wiping at his face, staring at the ground. "Good?" he asked. Trembling, Severus tried to speak, but did not trust his voice; he nodded instead. He needed to fasten his clothing but was afraid that if he moved his arms, they would throw themselves around Lucius, who nodded and looked hesitantly at Severus as he fastened his robes for him. "Good," he said softly, answering his own question with a contented smile.

"Fucker!" came a shout from the entrance to the alley. Severus nearly put his head through the wall behind him, but the shout was not directed at himself and Lucius; the street outside had become more crowded as it grew closer to dinnertime. Heart still pounding, he rested a hand on Lucius' arm to steady himself.

"Did you want...to go...?"

"Back to the inn," replied Lucius. His voice sounded low and seductive, not at all afraid.

"Walking? Or...?" If the alley had been hidden well enough for what Lucius had just done, Severus wondered whether it was isolated enough to risk apparating. Much as he cherished the fantasy of walking through the streets of New Orleans with Lucius, he thought that perhaps he wanted to lie down, sooner rather than later; recover his strength, hold his lover, offer him the same pleasure he had been given.

Lucius glanced down the alley. Then, looking at Severus again, he shrugged one shoulder and grasped his wand. "May as well. L'Hotel Voisin -- don't forget." With a pop, he vanished.

Preparing to follow, Severus straightened his clothing and hair, and his fingers encountered the chain around his neck. Pulling gently, he drew the amulet up until he could see it. Suddenly grateful that Lucius had left him alone, he studied it until he understood how to open the locket, brushing down the wings of the flying horse until his finger rested on its head.

Then he took a deep breath with his head tilted upward to the sun. He drew in the stench of the alley, with the gardens and food stalls just beyond...the blue of the sky gleaming over the dirty building...the cursing and noises of traffic in the street, and, far off, a single crowing trumpet...the silk of his new clothes, now itching where it clung to him, the dampness behind his neck and beneath his arms and between his legs...the taste of banana and Lucius' skin and his own come on his lips. He held the sensations in his mind, desire, satiation, memories of every step leading to this moment, the feeling that he had very nearly named twice, Lucius' eyes, Lucius' smile...eyes closed, he smiled himself, and squeezed the locket shut, preserving it all forever just as it was, that minute in the new world.