
Can you imagine what it's like to grow in a religious southern family ?  I grew
up in such a family. I was brought up to be a good innocent girl. I knew almost
nothing about sex. Anything even remotely sexual was improper and my parents
protected me from it. I heard the F-word for the first time when I was 12: a
car from out-of-town broke down in front of our house and the driver kept
repeating that word.  My mother hurried me into the house and locked the door.
She gathered all of us children and told us about the bad person outside and
about his foul language. I never said the F-word out loud. In fact, I never
even said the word `F-word'. I was quite happy with my life because all our
neighbors were just as strict and god-fearing as we were.

There was only one difference: My parents believed that education is important
for both boys and girls. The local schools weren't very good and I was a good
student. They knew that going to any of them I'd never be accepted to any good
college. So, when I was 14 they decided to send me to a much better school.
They decided on a school in southern California because my aunt lived in San
Diego and I could stay with her. Moving to San Diego was like bursting out of a
bubble. My aunt had a big house in a very nice neighborhood, but her neighbors
weren't very religious.  I learned later that they were just regular California
people.

My parents enrolled me to a very good school. I was quite surprised to find out
that the other students at that school were not very good kids. They dressed
very inappropriately and used very rude words. I decided to concentrate on my
studies and ignore the rest. A bunch of students invited me to a party once.  I
wanted to make friends to I went to that party. I was shocked to find out that
many students in that party smoked pot and drank beer. I sat by myself in the
corner for two hours and then left. The students in that school were the
complete opposite of who I wanted to be.

This lasted for four years. I was the least popular girl at school because I
tried very hard to ignore the rude students and devote my time to studying. It
was very clear to me that this is how good girls behave. My grades were pretty
high (no wonder. I had no social life), and I made it into UCSD. My parents
were as proud as they could ever be.

I expected UCSD to be an extension of high-school. Some of the kids that went
to high-school with me were now at UCSD. I was quite surprised when a nice guy
approached me at the library one afternoon. He was very polite. I knew him from
my Chemistry class - he was the best student in the class. His name was
Nicholas but everyone called him Nick.  He said he noticed that I was good in
Physics.  He wasn't lying - I was. He asked whether I wanted to study Physics
and Chemistry with him. I figured it was a very good deal and we started
studying together a few times a week. Nick was always very polite. He never
used any rude language and he never mentioned smoking or drinking. Weeks went
by and I started liking him more and more. One day Nick suggested that we have
dinner together after our study session. I was surprised at how happy I was to
accept his suggestion. I really liked his company and we started going for
dinner together almost every day.

A few more weeks went by and the first quarter ended. I flew home for
Christmas. I was very happy to see my parents but I was also very stressed
because I didn't get to see Nick every day.  I didn't quite know what to do
about my feelings. I had a constant urge to hug him but I knew I shouldn't.

When I returned to campus and met Nick, I felt myself melt in front of him.  I
guess I was shaking because Nick's hand suddenly touched my face. `Are you OK
?' he asked. I didn't answer. His face was suddenly very close to mine.  I knew
I should stop it but I didn't really want to. He kissed me on the lips for a
very long time. He than looked at my eyes and said: `I missed you'.

I didn't know what to do. I knew kissing was quite bad, but I also knew that
Nick was a very good guy. Somehow, I let myself go - trusting Nick.

To cut a long story short, two more quarters went by. Nick and I went from
kissing to hugging to touching. Eventually, we started sleeping together.  Nick
was - as always - very nice, very smart and very polite. I knew sex was bad but
Nick made me feel relaxed and comfortable, so I decided to ignore my rigid
upbringing. It wasn't a quick and easy transition but it's beyond the scope of
this story.

Nick and I were now sleeping together regularly. I became a very happy
student.  There was only one thing I could never get past me: I could never be
rude.  Many times Nick tried to push my limits in some sexual direction. He
almost always failed:

Nick wanted me to use rude words when we made love. He said he can not be a
good lover if I don't tell him what I like, and when I like it. I tried using
nice words to describe what I liked but it didn't really work. Nick said:
`When you are horny, say: I am horny. Fuck me now'. It was the first time I
heard Nick use the F-word. I knew I could never repeat it. In fact, if I hadn't
known Nick for so long, I'd probably just get up and leave. Now that I did know
Nick for more than a year, I was just very stressed. `Why do you want me to use
such rude language?' I protested. `It turns me on' Nick answered. `I can't', I
said. `It isn't proper'.

Nick tried urging me to use some dirty language almost every time we made
love.  I always refused. It was way beyond my moral limits. After all, my
parents clearly taught me not to use these words: `A good, god-fearing person
never uses foul language'.

One day, Nick bought me a vibrator. At first I didn't know what this thing was,
but Nick explained (nice and polite as always). I turned red and couldn't bring
myself to try it. It was pure evil. I just couldn't engage in such rude and
evil acts.  Nick said it was OK. I saw that he was disappointed but he didn't
say anything about it.

Some other day, Nick brought a porn video. I didn't know what porn was - I just
knew it was bad for me. Two minutes into the movie, the pictures were so
explicit that I had to close my eyes and ask Nick to stop the tape. As before,
Nick said it was OK, and took the tape away. I was scared that he may be too
disappointed of me, but I just couldn't make myself watch the video.

On another occasion, we were in bed - making love - and Nicks hand roamed from
my back, to my butt. Suddenly I felt his finger rubbing against my ass hole.  I
wasn't sure what was going on until his finger started pushing into my
asshole.  I jumped out of bed in complete shock. `What do you think you are
doing ?', I asked. `I'm sorry', Nick said. `Just trying to have some extra
fun'. `This is very wrong', I said - almost yelling. `God didn't make that hole
for this purpose. It's very dirty'. I was upset for a few days. I didn't matter
how sorry Nick was, I just couldn't understand why he wanted to play with my
ass hole. Eventually, I calmed down and life went on.

One Saturday morning Nick and I went on a trip to the mountains. It was the
week after midterms and we both needed some fresh air. It was very early in the
morning and we were the only people on the trail. We walked for a while and
suddenly Nick asked: `Would you take your shirt off for me ?'. I stared at him
and didn't quite understand. `Would you take your shirt off ?' he repeated.  `I
want to see your tits'. I blushed. I knew Nick liked my tits but we were out in
the open. `I'll take it off when we get home' I answered. `No. I want to see
your tits here' he said. `What if other people see me like this?' I asked.
`They might. It only makes it more exciting', Nick replied. `Do you want other
people to see my tits?' I wasn't sure I understood. `No', Nick said.  `I want
to see you nervous because they might'. Of all the weird things that Nick asked
me to do, this seemed the least harmful. I looked around quickly, and couldn't
see anyone. I quickly took my shirt and bra off, turned around and bounced my
tits in front of Nick. `You are a crazy pervert, Nick' I said.  `Yes, and your
tits respond very well to the cool air' he answered. I looked down and saw my
nipples harden. I forgot my caution and tried to tease him a bit - putting my
hands above my head and shaking my tits. Nick was staring at me, smiling. I
suddenly snapped into reality as I heard a noise from nearby.  I quickly put my
bra back on.  my hands were trembling and my face was completely red. I was so
nervous and my hands were shaking so hard that I couldn't button my shirt
properly. Luckily, it was just a squirrel dropping an acorn from a tall tree.
When I finally got myself dressed I looked up and saw Nick smiling in
satisfaction. `You look very cute when you are nervous', He said. I had to
admit that I wasn't exactly unhappy about the incident.  I think I liked the
thrill. It didn't feel very rude or bad - especially because no one saw me.

Now that Nick found a weak point, he kept daring me to take something off every
time we were alone together in a public place. Somehow, I managed to enjoy
these little dares. They made my heart beat quickly and I felt very desirable.
I always made sure no one was around before taking anything off.  Once or twice
I was almost caught but I managed to hide somewhere and get dressed quickly.

Nick kept trying to convince me to play his other sexual fantasies. He really
wanted me to use dirty language. We often talked about it rationally. I told
Nick that I simply couldn't bring myself to repeat these words. My parents made
it very clear to me that good girls don't use bad words. I simply couldn't say
them. Nick tried various arguments but they all failed.

Our second year at UCSD was about to end. My parents decided to come for a
visit in San Diego. My parents heard a lot of stories about the nature trails
in California and they wanted to go on some hikes with me. I introduced Nick to
my parents and they seemed to like his polite manners. We all set for an early
morning hike the next day. My parents rented a car and Nick and I took Nick's
car. We had to get some food on the way so Nick and I left early. We agreed to
meet at the start of the trail at 8AM. My parents are very punctual and I knew
they will be at the start point at 8AM sharp. I hurried Nick through our food
shopping because I didn't want us to be late. We finished shopping very early
and made it to the trail starting point at 7:30AM. We parked in a completely
deserted spot at the start of the trail, and had 30 minutes to kill before my
parents arrived.

`I dare you...' Nick said with a smile. `You can't scare me', I answered.
`What's the dare?'. `Take off all your clothes, get out of one door, go around
the car and return through the other', he said. I smiled. My parents won't be
here in another 30 minutes. I can easily do it. I looked outside quickly. There
was nobody outside. I quickly stripped of all my clothes, even my shoes, and
got out of the car. The cool morning air felt very nice on my naked skin. I
walked in front of the car and made a pose, shaking my hips and making my tits
jiggle.  All of a sudden I heard a click. I didn't completely register where
the click came from. I just felt my blood leave my face. Then I realized what
the sound was.  I ran to the car, and the door was locked. `Open up, Nick', I
said - hoping that it was a mistake.  Nick shook his head. `This is not a
game.  My parents will be here any minute.  Open up', I yelled. `Not quite
yet', Nick said.  `Nick, I am not joking. Let me in.' I said. My voice was
trembling with fear. I felt panic climbing into my brain.

`You got your dare, Nick. Why not open the door?' I tried again. Nick leaned
downwards and pulled a little bag from under the seat.  He lowered the window
just enough to toss the bag out, and raised it again.  I picked the bag and
opened it. It contained two vibrators and some hand lotion.  I looked at Nick
with a question mark. Nick pointed at a rock in front of the car. He said:
`Sit on the rock. I want to see one vibrator disappear in your pussy and
another disappear in your asshole'. My hands were shaking. How did I let this
happen to me ?. `No. I can't', I said. Nick stared at my naked body for a
second, and then said: `Your folks will be here in 25 minutes'. His face looked
amused but serious. `Nick, I can't do this. Let me in the car ...  please'. `24
minutes', Nick replied.

I felt tears climb up my throat. If my parents saw me like this, they would
never forgive me. I can't let this happen. I stared at the rock, and at Nick.
`Please', I tried one more time. I felt a tear roll down my cheek. Nick was
staring at me, and then at his watch. `23 minutes. I'm sure your mom would
appreciate the sight', he said. I felt defeated. Nick was dead serious.

I walked towards the rock and set on in. It felt cold against my naked butt.  I
raised my legs and spread them. I looked back at Nick. His face looked
intense.  `Please' I whispered. Nick didn't even nod. I brought one vibrator to
my pussy.  The panic was slowly turning into embarrassment. I knew I had to do
as Nick said. I started pushing one of the vibrators into my pussy.  `Turn it
on', I heard Nick's voice. My hand was trembling but I managed to turn the
thing on.  It made a soft buzzing sound. I touched my pussy with the vibrator
and felt a jolt. It was the first time I ever let a vibrator touch me.  My eyes
were completely clouded with tears.  The tears were running on my cheeks, and
falling down on my chest. I just wanted to get this thing over with. I pushed
the vibrator into my pussy. At first, it refused to enter. Slowly, the
vibration made my body respond. In spite of my embarrassment and my tears, my
pussy was responding to the vibration. A few second later, I was so wet that
the vibrator slid inside completely.

I looked at Nick. Maybe he would let me off now. I got a half of what he told
me to. Nick ignored my looks. He checked his watch and said: `13 minutes'.  I
suddenly realized how close my parents must be already. I felt a new sense of
urgency. `Put the lotion on the vibrator, turn it on and make it disappear in
your asshole', Nick said. I automatically obeyed. I never put anything in my
asshole before. The buzz of the vibrator against my asshole felt very strange
and alien. I looked towards the car but my eyes were so full of tears that I
couldn't quite see Nick. I pushed the vibrator and it started sliding in.  It
hurt at first, but I was so scared that I ignored the pain and pushed it in.  I
felt it stuck deep inside my bowls.

`That's it. I got it. Now let me in', I called Nick. I heard his voice reply:
`Part 2: Fuck the vibrators in and out and yell: Fuck me!'. It took me a long
minute to digest the new instructions.  Anything else would be fine. Just not
that. `I can't' I cried. `I simply can't'. `6 minutes' came the reply.

God. My parents must be just a couple of miles away now. They'll be here any
second and see me like this. I can't let this happen. I just can't let this
happen.  I started raising my butt, pulling the vibrators out and then sticking
them in.  out and it. out and in. Somewhere from deep inside of me, I felt an
orgasm building. I wasn't supposed to have an orgasm, I thought. I wasn't
having a good time. I was having a horrible time. But the orgasm kept
climbing.  In a few quick seconds I felt myself lose control to a huge orgasm.

Not even knowing how the sounds came about, I started repeating `Fuck me!',
`Fuck Me!'. First in a whisper and then louder and louder until I was shouting
at the top of my lungs:  `Fuck me!', `Fuck Me!'. My hands sliding the vibrators
in and out moved quicker and quicker. The orgasm was getting closer, and
closer, and then I came.  It was the strongest orgasm I ever had. My body was
shaking violently. I dropped flat on the rock, still yelling `Fuck me!', `Fuck
Me!'. A minute or so later my orgasm subsided. I was lying on the rock with my
legs spread, and a vibrator stuck deep in every hole. My eyes closed, and my
body was trying to relax from that huge orgasm.

I suddenly heard a click, and then another one, and another. They didn't sound
like car locks. They were very familiar sounds, but I couldn't place them.
Cameras! my brain finally made the connection. I raised my head and opened my
eyes. Three feet away from my spread legs were two Japanese tourists, clicking
on their fancy cameras - taking pictures of my naked body. I don't know how I
found the words ... but I suddenly heard myself yell: `Fuck off, you assholes!'.
My yelling worked very well on the Japanese tourists. I don't know how long
they've been standing there but they ran away immediately.

I then looked towards the car. The door was open wide, and Nick was standing
outside smiling at me. I was still angry at him, but I knew my parents would
arrive any minute. I pulled the vibrators out of my holes, ran into the car and
started dressing up. My body was still weak from all the excitement of the past
few minutes. I finished dressing up as fast as I could and asked Nick for the
time. `8:34', he answered. `What?  What do you mean?  Where are my parents?' I
asked.  `Oh, I forgot to tell you. They'll be here at 9AM sharp. I told your
dad that you always need a lot of time for food shopping and he agreed to move
the trip to 9AM', Nick said with a careful smile.

`So, what about all these minutes that you kept reading me?' I asked, not quite
sure what happened. `I made them up. Otherwise, you'd never give in.' came the
answer. `I'm going to kill you' I said in a dry voice. `I know', Nick sighed.
`I just hope that after you kill me you'd remember that you actually had fun on
that rock'. I stared at him for a long minute and said: `I did, now didn't I'.
`I'm still going to kill you for a while. I think you deserve it'.

I guess Nick knew me better than I knew myself. He waited patiently as we
showed my parents around - never tried to kiss me, hug me or even sweat-talk
me.  When my parents left I simply couldn't take my hands off him. I was angry
and horny at the same time. Nick said it was a perfect state for fucking. 
I surprised myself and answered: `You talk too much. Fuck me already'.


