Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Sixty-Three: The Oracle's Prophecy
Summary: Kurtis receives the Serpent Oracle's prophecy!
Keywords: MFFFFFF HF MF inc oral anal preg wife cuck exhib voy orgy monster magic fantasy
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Forbidden City, The Empire of Shizhuth

I panted from the pleasure of pumping my seed into the Serpent Oracle, waiting for her to deliver her prophecy. Pyrriah waited on the pillows, her breasts rising and falling. The cat-like lamias dotting the room were all quivering, their tails twitching back and forth. 

The Serpent Oracle closed her eyes. Her pussy clenched about my dick. Then she gasped out her prophecy:

Deep in the Heart of the Green Dark,
South beyond the Endless Plains,
Beneath the mountain of bone,
Amid the tigers' pyramids,
Lies what you seek.
Blood flows and feeds the trees!
Blood flows and feeds the stones!
Blood flows and feeds the queens!
Deep in the Heart of the Green Dark,
There lies your prize.

I was surprised by the words she spoke. They were... shocking. All this talk of blood? And what did it even mean? I didn't feel like I had any idea of what it meant. This was insane that I felt as clueless as I had before we came here.

All that work for those cryptic words?

But that was how oracles operated. You had to puzzle them over. Already, Pyrriah did that. She was struggling to make sense of what we were told. I could see it in her eyes. There was something important here. 

We just had to figure it out. Discuss it. But not here.

Go, the Serpent Oracle said. We both have what we need.

Right, I said and rose, my cock sliding out of her pussy. Thank you.

She stroked her belly. My son or daughter grew in her. No, no, thank you, Son of Lust

I stood and pulled on my robe. Pyrriah drew on hers. As we headed for the door, the lamia rushed in and started nuzzling against their mistress. They were licking at her face, her breasts, thighs, and her pussy. They licked my cum out of her cunt as she whimpered in delight.

I headed for the curtains and passed through them into the tunnel. My sister walked at my side. In no time, we were back into the large cavern where Empress Szialianith waited. She flicked out her tongue as she stared at us with her unreadable eyes.

Esssscort them out, she told one of the hulking knights in the shadowy armor.

He bowed his head then motioned to us. I nodded and followed him out of the cave toward the stairs. As we departed, I heard the curtain rustling. I caught a glimpse of the empress's red tail vanishing through it, heading to see her oracle.

Would the Serpent Oracle tell the empress our prophecy?

I didn't know. I was just eager to get out of this nation. It was time to go. I marched up the stairs behind the knight, chaffing at his ponderous steps. I wanted to be racing up them. My sister was at my side. That was a comfort to have my twin with me. 

We soon reached the top and were in the palace. The knight took up his post at the entrance and we continued on without a guide. I walked as fast as I could without looking like I was running away in fear. My sister matched my step. We moved through the bowels of the castle and reached our rooms.

The guards posted there bowed. I entered in, my men on the other side. They looked ready to go, their gear in packs around them. I moved through the antechamber to the main living quarters to find Lasla nodding in approval.

She turned around and said, We're all packed.

Good, I said, glad I could count on her. Then let's get out of here. I am so ready to get back to the Treasure Box.

Yes, growled Solja.

I surveyed everyone then I led the way. We stepped out of our quarters. Our guards didn't stop us. They didn't protest one word. That was a good start. My stomach roiled as we marched through the palace, clogging the halls. I had Korvan and his men at the rear with the rakshasas. Nephi led the way in her sphinx form, Solja and Tharaka behind her. I came with my sisters, my mother, Kyaza, Shetha, Diane, Oberoy, Solomas, Lilica, and Beliala. 

No one was being left behind.

We reached the entrance to the palace. No one stopped us from leaving, though Istandar Zianamilizzi waited on a palanquin with her retinue. The purple-scaled naga inclined her head as she saw us.

I thought you would be departing, she said. I thought I would escort the triumphant ambassssador back to my port so that you may return to Queen Athirmi and let her know the outcome of the trade dispute.

Right, right, I said. I had no intentions of going back there ever again. She definitely needs to know.

The istandar smiled like she knew my intentions.

Her soldiers formed up around us and we marched out of the palace grounds and into the Forbidden City. We moved through the ever-present darkness, the inhabitants watching us in silence as we passed. None of them cheered, of course.

I bested their empress.

But I had done so openly, so she couldn't strike me down, could she? It would make her seem... weak. That was why we were able to leave so easily. Power was an illusion, after all. If her people all rebelled, she could not do a thing to stop them all.

We left the city and entered the sunlight. Shetha wept. I turned to see her crying. S-sorry, my Lord.

I picked up my Lamia and held her in my arms as we walked. You have nothing to cry about. You're free. She'll never hurt you again.

She clutched to me, sobbing for such joy. I smiled, so glad that I could give her this gift. At least we had done some good. Saved Solja and Tharaka's mother, gave the Serpent Oracle a child, and rescued this one lamia.

That had to be enough.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla  The Shizhuth Empire

That night after leaving the Forbidden City, I was gathered with my family in her large pavilion. Kurtis had just returned from fucking Istandar Zianamilizzi. She, of course, required to be serviced by him. Now that he had finished with fucking her, we could talk about what the Oracle said.

He repeated it and Pyrriah agreed that he had told it correctly. We all were surprised by it. It was so vague. I sat there, puzzling it over. Kyaza, however, didn't look at all that confused by it, though she had a look of disgust on her face.

What? I asked her. You know what that means.

The Heart of Green Darkness is what we call the Uth Jungle on the Savannah, she said. That was where she was from, one of the centaur tribes that roamed the great plains south of the Halani Desert. There were two jungles on that continent. The 'Zakon and the Uth which was the one farther to the south. It's a terrible place that only fools go.

Oh, yes, it would be, said Princess Naryu.

Why? asked Kurtis. 

The tigers. Princess Naryu's blurred and became a tiger's head. Her whiskers quivered as she licked her chops.

More rakshasas, Pyrriah groaned. Fun.

Well, they are fun to tame, I said, glancing at Pradu.

Pradu shook her head. They are not like us, Mistress.

They're primitives, added Princess Naryu, disgust in her voice. Her head blurred back to her human form. Savages. They rule the jungle tribes like goddesses and wage a bloody war against each other. They sacrifice their followers and each other in bloody offerings atop their jungle ziggurats. My ancestors left to found Naith.

Our stories say they were driven out, Kyaza said. Too weak for the jungle.

Lies! Princess Naryu hissed. We just didn't see the need to sacrifice our own daughters and wage bloody war against each other. That's what they do, you know. The jungle rakshasas don't tolerate another in her territory. They will raise a daughter as a successor while the others are sacrificed in bloody rites when they aren't bathing in the blood of their followers.

They're worse, said Pyrriah, then Naith. You have gladiator fights and slaves. You are always plotting against each other.

Yes, but we don't kill each other directly. Princess Naryu shuddered. That's so uncivilized to rip out your own sister or cousin's heart. If she's not strong enough for your minions not to bring her down, then she doesn't deserve to rule.

Barbarians, added Pradu.

I shuddered. This sounds pleasant. That's where the Cradle of Life is?

Beneath the Mountain of Bone. Kurtis glanced at the rakshasas and Kyaza. Do you know what that is?

The rakshasas and Kyaza shook their heads. I leaned back on the pillows. Uth was far to the south behind the Savannah and the desert. It would be a long journey. We would be selling for a while before we made it back to the Treasure Box. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Kyizziania

I stood onto the docks of Kyizziania, the Treasure Box at anchor behind us. Istandar Zianamilizzi stood before me, her naked breasts half-covered by her purple hair. She slithered up to me, a wicked gleam in her eyes.

You're not going to try to keep me so you don't lose out on my cock, I said. 

No, no, she said. I'm no fool. You have a grand mission, and you're not about to let me stop you. Good luck.

She threw her arms around me and kissed me. I groaned, loving the feeling of her body against mine. It was a delight to have her against me. My dick throbbed. I wanted to fuck her one last time, but she had enjoyed my cock every night on our trip back from the Forbidden City.

I broke the kiss with her and smiled. Maybe I'll see you again.

Maybe, she said, her hand rubbing at her belly. Maybe your daughter will even be empresssss one day.

That I have no doubt, I said, knowing my other daughter with the empress would be. Take care.

She hissed her delight. 

I turned and was the last one to march up the gangplank board the Treasure Box. Captain Telesi nodded to me. Her pregnancy was starting to show. She had a roundness to her stomach. So did the other halfling women and girls moving about. They were all humming as they were working to cast us off.

Sail us toward Zeutch, I said, glancing at Solja and Tharaka. We have a stop to make.

Yes, Master, Telesi said. She clapped her hand together. Hurry it up. Our Master wishes to depart this lovely, lovely land. At our next port, we'll even be able to leave the ship!

Cheers rose from the halflings and the humans. They were all working together to get us underway. It was impressive to see. The two human men, Tarthan and Foran were working the ropes for the sails with the help of Overia and Tormin, the one halfling male on the ship. Once the ropes were untied, the halfling daughters scrambled up into the rigging to help with the sails, too. Kelesi, Delli, Alli, and Shalial were up there despite their rounding bellies.

It was a relief as the pilot craft, a rowboat, turned the ship around. The sails caught the wind. We sailed from the Shizhuth Empire. Relief washed through me as we headed out into Velnak Strait, sailing for the Zeutchian port of Unmik to drop off Solja and his sister. They would be heading to meet their mother. 

It was a delight to have them with us.

Our escort of black ships followed us for four hours before we were finally out of the Empire's territorial waters and far out into the strait. There was no sight of land on either side of us. We were sailing through the ocean, free.

The sun was already setting so we only had another hour before the sails were reefed. Bethie, the older of the two human women, was already starting to serve a hearty stew for supper. The anchor was dropped as darkness fell on the world. Lamps were lit.

After dinner, the women of the treasure box descended on me. I smiled. Lasla was getting re-acquainted with Stalker while I had all these beautiful halfling women and two human delights crowing around me. A garden of pleasures for me to enjoy.

I see the halflings are showing, I said, stroking over Telesi's belly, but what about you and your daughter, Bethie.

Bethie smiled as she unlaced the shirt she wore and pulled it off. Her large, dark-brown breasts spilled out, her nipples hard. She had a lovely curve to her belly. Oh, we're developing, too. It's just they are smaller, so it's way more noticeable. 

Yes, it is, I said and buried my face into Bethie's breasts. I rubbed back and forth between the married woman's tits. 

I loved those big breasts around my face. I squeezed them against me. She groaned as I did that, my cock throbbing hard. She had such a lovely set of tits. They were so much fun to have squeezed about my head.

My cock was on fire as I kissed at the inner slopes of Bethie's breasts. The other womenthe three mature and motherly halflings, their daughters, and Overiapulled off my robes, eager to get me naked so they could have their way with me.

I let them as I licked up Bethie's breast to her nipple. I latched on and suckled.

Lord Kurtis, she moaned as I nibbled on her nub. Oh, yes, yes, that's just a delight to enjoy. Ooh, you honor me.

Yep, I groaned around her nipple.

I suckled for another moment, hands roaming my body. Soft and feminine hands. They grabbed my cock and fondled my balls. I enjoyed that delight as I kissed down Bethie's breast. I moved toward the married woman's round belly.

I kissed over the fertile curve of her pussy. It was such a joy to nuzzle into the peak of her belly. I kissed at her navel. My tongue slid around in her as my hands stroked down her sides to her trousers. I worked those off as I kissed at her bellybutton.

Lord Kurtis, she moaned.

I stopped kissing at her bellybutton so I could take off her trousers. She lifted her legs as I removed them. When they fell down, her thick bush came into view dripping with her tart cream. I loved that aroma.

I plunged my face into her pussy. Her thick burls rubbed on my lips and cheeks. I loved feeling that delicious bush on my face. She gasped as I did that, her big boobs jiggling. Those dark, lush nipples of hers were just so ripe and perfect.

Oh, Mother, he just is eating out your pussy, Overia said. The nubile delight had also stripped naked, her belly curving like her mother's. Her boobs looked bigger, too. Still round, but definitely plumper. Ooh, that makes me so wet.

Then come sit on your mother's face, she cooed, licking her lips. Just plant that hot twat on my on mommy's mouth.

Yes, Mother, groaned Overia as she straddled Bethie. The pregnant girl lowered herself to her mother's lips. I loved the sight as I licked at Bethie's tart folds. 

I groaned when Overia planted her shaved twat on her mother's face. The incestuous sight was a beautiful thing to witness, like when Mother ate out Pyrriah or Mother Sianili would devour Lasla's cunt. I had to visit them. Have another dream with them to let them know we were making progress. That the end was in sight.

I'd just leave out where we were going. They didn't need to worry.

I thrust my tongue into Overia's pussy. I flicked my tongue around in her snatch. I licked and lapped at her cunt. I tongued her pussy with force. It was an amazing moment to eat her twat. I swirled my tongue around in her.

She groaned as I did that. She shuddered, her passion echoing across the deck as I feasted on her mother's bred cunt. I licked at her twat as the halflings stroked their hands over my body. That was hot to feel. Heat rippled through me.

Then one kissed the tip of my cock. I groaned as she swallowed my dick. The halfling slid her mouth over the crown of my cock and suckled on me. She knew what she was doing. She nursed hard. A shudder of delight washed through me as she nursed.

She worked her mouth up and down my cock. It was hot having her bob up my dick. She was shoving her head upward to nurse on me. She was athletic and skilled. I couldn't tell which one. All their lusts blurred around me.

I was surrounded by the horny women.

I loved it.

My dick throbbed and ached in the lucky halfling's mouth as I tongued Bethie's pussy I enjoyed licking and lapping at her bred depths. It was a delight to tongue over her. To stroke her and drive her wild. It was a pure delight to do that to her. I flicked my tongue through her folds.

She moaned as I did that. She groaned as I tongued her snatch with all my hunger. I wanted to make her cum. She would drown me in all her pussy juices. She moaned, her fertile belly quivering before my eyes.

I loved staring at that gentle curve that led up to her quivering boobs. Two of the halflings, Delli and Alli, the daughters of Nelli, both crawled up and latched onto her nipples. The pair suckled on her, one with golden hair and the other silver.

She moaned into her daughter's cunt, Vedr's queef! Oh, that's good. Oh, Lord Kurtis!

I thrust my tongue into her snatch and swirled it around in her twat. I tongued her with hunger. She squirmed as I did that. She trembled, her thighs squeezing about my face. I loved how she held me tight as I tongued her twat. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. I flicked my tongue through her folds. 

The hot mouth suckled harder on my dick. Was that the captain?

Maybe?

Whichever halfling female it was, she had a delicious mouth. Just a passionate one I savored having sucking on my mouth. She suckled with all her might on me. It was a thrill having her do that. I savored every second of her nursing.

She suckled with passion on my dick. It was a fantastic thrill to have her doing that. I loved every second of her nursing on me. I groaned, enjoying her hot mouth. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. 

My balls twitched.

Mmm, Lord Kurtis, groaned Overia. Mother loves what you're doing to her pussy. He's moaning into my cunt!

I bet she is! Tarthan called. Bethie's husband watched. He wouldn't be getting any pussy for a while. Not with me back on board. 

Oh, yes, Bethie moaned, her thighs gripping my head.

She humped against me, her orgasm building in her. Her curls tickled my face as I tongued at her twat. She would burst before her daughter did at this rate, so I thrust some lust into Overia's body. She gasped and shuddered on her mother. 

Oh, oh, oh, she whimpered, her head tossing from side to side. Oh, wow, that's so good. That's just amazing. Mother!

Ooh, your pussy is getting so hot, groaned Bethie as I swelled her daughter toward cumming with her mother. 

I suckled on the mother's clit and thrust a pair of fingers into her bred cunt. I pumped them in and out of her, my nuts tightening. The halfling suckled so hard on my dick. She was so eager to get my cum. She wanted it all spurting into her mouth.

Just wanted every drop of my cum flooding her.

It would be fantastic to burst as I drowned in Bethie's pussy juices. I suckled hard on her clit. She moaned, nibbling on her daughter's bud. I tweaked both their building orgasms, guiding them to both erupt at the same moment. It was so hot. 

Mother! gasped Overia.

Lord Kurtis! the mother moaned.

They came together. 

I drowned in Bethie's tart pussy juices. I gulped down her cream. Her passion gushed out of her while she drowned in her daughter's delight. I loved it. The pregnant Overia squirmed on her mother's face, gasping out her passion.

Gods damn! whimpered Overia.

Las's big dick, I growled, the pressure exploding at the tip of my dick.

I erupted. My cock fired blast after blast of my spunk into the lucky halfling's mouth. She gulped it down while Bethie quivered through her orgasm, her boobs jiggling. The two halflings kept nursing on her nipple as the other drank my cum.

She swallowed spurt after spurt of my jizz. It all erupted out of me. It was fantastic to have all that pleasure surging through me. Ecstasy crashed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision as I pumped the halfling's mouth full of cum.

Share, Nelli! gasped Telesi. 

So it was the first mate that had my cock in her mouth. I groaned as I pumped Nelli's mouth full of cum. She loved it so much. She gulped it down, her lusts bursting through her. I rubbed my face into Bethie's pussy and reveled in the married woman's curls tickling my face.

Gods damn, I breathed as I fired the last of my cum into her pussy.

I rolled over onto my back, popping my cock out of the halfling's mouth. I lay there as Nelli straddled me. Her cheeks bulged as she held my cum. She grabbed my cock, her silver hair swaying around her. She impaled her pussy down my dick before the other halflings could stop her.

First you get to suck him off, and now you ride him! gasped Telesi. Ooh, you're getting demoted!'

Nelli cupped the captain's face and leaned in. Her pussy squeezed about my dick as she kissed the captain. They passed my cum back and forth. I groaned at the sight as Nelli wiggled her hips. The halfling, half my height, had all my dick in her. Her pregnant pussy stretched.

She rose up me, her round belly quivering before her. I groaned at that as she plunged her snatch down my dick. She took inch after inch of my cock. I moaned in delight as she did that. She rode me hard, passing my cum back and forth with her sister-wife.

She, Telesi, and Malial were the original captain's wives. But he died, leaving the Treasure box to be captained by Telesi, his first wife. 

Mmm, want to suckle from my breasts, Malial cooed. She was the second officer and navigator. 

Yes, I do, I said and turned my head. I latched onto her breast and suckled. 

Her breast milk gushed into my mouth. I groaned, gulping it down. I didn't think her milk would have come in so fast. But then again, the halflings were more pregnant than the human women. Did halflings have a faster gestation? That made sense. They were shorter.

I groaned as I drank the creamy delight. It was sweet and delicious, a warm dream that flowed down my throat. I swallowed it all while Nelli worked her cunt up and down my cock. She moaned into Telesi's mouth.

Nelli broke the kiss and gasped, Lord Kurtis!

Ooh, Malial, you are breastfeeding him! groaned Telesi. I should demote you, too! Promote your daughters into your positions!

I like that idea, Shalial said, a big grin on her face. I'm all for it. Let's do it, Captain!

No! Malial said, glaring at her daughter. What a cruel child you are trying to steal your mother's job!

You're the one that stole Lord Kurtis's mouth. Shalial giggled. Mmm, I could breastfeed you, too, Lord Kurtis. She snuggled up on the other side. Just turn your head.

I took a deep mouthful of Malial's breast milk. Then I turned my head, my nipple popping off her nub. I swallowed her daughter's proffered nipple and suckled. More breast milk squirted into my mouth. Mother's and daughter's creamy treats mixed into one delicious drink.

I gulped down their combined delights as Nelli worked her cunt up and down my dick. The pregnant halfling rode me as I enjoyed Shalial's breast milk. She tasted the same as her mother's. Both were sweet and delicious. They filled my mouth with such treats. I groaned, suckling hard. 

Then I turned my head and nursed at the mother's. I swallowed every drop of breast milk she had. I swallowed it all down. She had such a yummy treat. I just drank it all down, guzzling that delight. She shuddered as I did that.

Oh, Lord Kurtis, she moaned as I nursed from her. That's it. Just enjoy that motherly delight.

Ooh, Lord Kurtis, cooed her daughter. I have some yummy breast milk for you!

They were both so delicious. I went back and forth from mother and daughter, nursing from one to the other while enjoying Nelli's hot cunt. The halfling worked her pussy up and down my cock, her boobs bouncing and round belly quivering.

She squeezed her snatch around me. She held me tight in that wonderful cunt. It was incredible having her gripping me. She would make me explode. All my cum would pump into her snatch. I gulped down breast milk, aching for it.

Yes, yes, yes, moaned Nelli. Vedr's queef, I love riding your big dick, Lord Kurtis!

I moaned around Shalial's nipple, suckling down her creamy milk. The sweetness set my taste buds alight. Then I turned my head and engulfed her mother's nipple. She moaned as I suckled, her milk gushing into my mouth.

The pressure in my nuts grew and grew as she plunged her cunt down my dick. She brought me closer and closer to that mighty moment of eruption. I would just have a big burst of pleasure. I would cum so hard.

It would be an outstanding delight. I shuddered, rising toward that amazing eruption, so ready for all that pleasure to jet into her cunt. She squeezed her twat around me as I gulped down Shalial's and Malial's breast milk. It was a delicious treat.

Oh, Lord Kurtis! gasped Nelli, her orgasm about to burst in her.

She plunged her hot cunt down my aching dick. Her pussy spasmed around me. I loved the feel of her silky walls spasming around my dick. Her bred cunt hungered for my cock. I shuddered, the pleasure shooting through me. 

 Yes! I groaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's so fucking good! Shit!

I shuddered, spurting blast after blast of cum into her pussy. I erupted over and over again, enjoying her hot twat convulsing around my dick. She suckled at me. She nursed with such passion on my cock.

I suckled down Malial's breast milk. I gulped down that wonderful delight, swallowing the treat as the pleasure slammed through me. It was incredible to be breastfed by one pregnant halfling while another's hot cunt milked my dick.

Lord Kurtis! whimpered Nelli as her pussy writhed around my dick.

The euphoria filled my body. I loved every second of this delight. I shuddered through all that ecstasy. It was a fantastic thrill. I shuddered through it all. I loved how the pleasure burned through my mind. I groaned, savoring every last second of erupting into her.

I pumped one last blast of jizz into her snatch and suckled one last time from Malial's breast. I drank down that delicious cream. It was a delight. To have that cream flowing down my mouth and into my belly.

Just wonderful. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana

Will you fuck me, Lady Azuliana? whimpered Kelesi, the daughter of the captain. The pregnant halfling stared at me. Lord Kurtis is being monopolized by mother and her sister-wives.

Right now, Kurtis was fucking a kneeling Telesi who was licking out Nelli's cunt. 

Sure, I said. Lasla had released my chastity belt already while she had her fun with Stalker. I let my clit blossom into my hermaphrodite-cock. It grew bigger and thicker.

Oh, thank you, Kelesi said. After Lord Kurtis, your cock is the best. Don't tell my brother that, but...

But you don't want to hurt his feelings, I said. Mmm, I understand. How would you like me to fuck you in the ass.

I would love that so much, Lady Azuliana.

I smiled at her as she sank to her knees and turned around and presented her rump. She had a cute ass that was just begging for my big dick to fuck her. To have me sodomize her and drive her wild. Oh, yes, she was just begging for that.

I pressed my cock into her butt-crack and slid down to find her asshole. I nuzzled it right against her backdoor. I pushed against her anal ring. She whimpered as I did that. She groaned, her body trembling as her anal ring widened.

I loved the feel of her asshole stretching and stretching to take my cock. She gasped as I pushed harder. I popped into her bowels. She trembled as I sank into her anal sheath. The pleasure swept down my hermaphrodite-dick to my cunt.

Lady Azuliana, Kelesi moaned as I sank deeper into her bowels. 

She shuddered as my hermaphrodite-dick plunged to the hilt in her asshole. She gasped, her little body quivering. My son had bred her. I slid my hands down around her sides to rub at her swollen belly. It was exciting ass-fucking the pregnant halfling.

I drew back my hips. Her asshole gripped my dick. She held me tight with her bowels. I groaned, loving how great she felt around me. I thrust back into her anal sheath, my hermaphrodite-cock plunging to the hilt in her anal sheath.

Matar's big dick, I moaned as I fucked her asshole.

Big indeed! gasped the halfling, her metallic-red hair dancing. The lamplight caught her highlights. Ooh, ooh, that's so good!

I know it is, I purred, the heat of her asshole melting down my cock to my pussy.

My juices trickled down my thighs as I worked my girl-dick in and out of her asshole. Her bowels clenched about my engorged clit. I reveled in plunging my hermaphrodite-cock into her velvety depths. The grip was delicious.

She massaged me with her tight asshole. She knew just how to drive me wild with her bowels. I shuddered, pumping away at her. My big boobs bounced and heaved as the pressure grew and grew at the tip of my dick. 

I surveyed the deck. Beliala led off Oberoy beneath the hold, his head lowered in a submissive pattern. Lasla lounged on her back, Stalker's cum leaking out of her pussy, her eyes closed. She was resting for more fun. Pyrriah sixty-nine with Kyaza, the pair feasting on each other. Princess Lavhi, her golden vibrator buried in her snatch, ate out Princess Naryu's cunt. 

It was such a beautiful sight to survey. I loved it all as I fucked away at Kelesi's asshole. I pounded her bowels hard and fast. I loved the feel of her anal sheath around my hermaphrodite-cock. I plunged to the hilt in her, the pressure building in my ovaries.

Oh, yes, yes, that's a delight, I groaned. Matar's big dick, you have such a delicious asshole!

Thank you, Lady Azuliana, she moaned, her anal sheath squeezing down on my cock. Ooh, you're going to make me cum!

I know, I panted, my big boobs smacking together as I fucked her. The ache grew at the tip of my clit-dick. I stroked her round stomach. Let me feel that asshole going wild!

Yes, Lady Azuliana! she moaned as I buried into her. She groaned, tossing her head, her metallic-red hair fluttering around her face.

She squeezed her bowels down around my dick as I hammered her anal sheath. I buried into her again and again. I fucked her bowels with all that force. It was so delicious to have her anal sheath around my cock. She squeezed about me.

The pressure in my ovaries hurtled toward my eruption. I was so close to it as I buried into her anal sheath. She groaned as I drew back, her asshole massaging my dick. I rubbed at that swollen belly, my pussy on fire. I thrust back into her anal sheath.

Lady Azuliana! she cried.

Her asshole convulsed around my dick.

That hot flesh writhed about my shaft. I savored that wonderful heat spasming around my cock. She nursed at me as she suckled with that hot flesh. I groaned, hurtling toward my explosion. I was so ready to burst. I quivered, hurtling toward that amazing release.

Cum in me, my Lady! Kelesi moaned, her asshole convulsing around me. 

I shall! I moaned and buried into her anal sheath. I had every inch of my dick plowed to the hilt in her asshole.

I erupted.

She squealed in delight as her asshole convulsed around my erupting hermaphrodite-cock. Yes, Lady Azuliana!

Kelesi suckled at me with that wonderful flesh. She spasmed around me as I erupted into her bowels over and over again. My pussy writhed, adding waves of delight to the rapture gushing through me. I shuddered, my boobs heaving.

Her anal sheath rippled around my hermaphrodite-dick. I loved this delight as the dual delights swirled through my mind. It was a spectacular moment to erupt in her. I groaned, reveling in the treat of flooding her bowels.

Oh, yes, yes, that's perfect, I groaned. Oh, that was just delicious, cutie!

It was! she beamed. Ooh, your son's cock is free! 

She crawled off my dick. I groaned as she scampered for him. A big smile spread on my lips. I loved that she was so eager to be fucked by him. That was how it should be. My son was an amazing lover. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I reached out with my lusts as I lay there, cum dripping out of my pussy. I needed to have my asshole reamed by Solja's cock. I found him and swelled that lust in him. That need to pick me up and just ram his cock into my asshole.

I filled him with that lust. He suddenly couldn't think of anything else but my tight ass. He growled over the other lust. I felt his footsteps crossing the deck. I quivered there, so ready to be ass-fucked by his mighty dick.

He reached me and grabbed me. I gasped as he flipped me over onto my hands and knees with such ease. He growled, You want my dick, huh?

You noticed? I asked.

Of course I noticed, he growled, pressing his massive troll-dick into my butt-crack. I suddenly had the urge to fuck your asshole. He chuckled. I know how you work.

Good, I purred as he pressed into my asshole. Fuck me. I need to feel that massive dick reaming out my bowels! 

He pushed against my asshole. I whimpered and groaned and gasped. He nearly ripped my anal ring apart. He buried into my bowels. A cock so mighty, only a few women could ever handle it. Me. His sister. Probably Pyrriah, but she didn't want any cock but Kurtis.

I was a Daughter of Las. I could take any dick.

That massive cock sank into my bowels. I groaned, loving the feel of him sinking deeper and deeper into my bowels. I shuddered, loving the feel of that massive cock in me. I shuddered, squeezing my anal sheath around that thick shaft. I wiggled my hips from side to side, savoring the size of his troll-dick.

He growled and drew back. I squeezed my bowels around him. I held him tight as he pulled back and back. There was so much cock. He was so long. He thrust back into me. I shuddered as his heavy balls slapped into my taint.

Yes! I squealed, Stalker's cum spilling down my thighs. I loved that heat running out of my cunt. Yes, yes, pound my bowels, Solja!

He did.

He pounded my asshole hard and fast. The friction melted down to my cunt. That wonderful heat soaked through my nethers as he pounded me again and again. He buried his dick into my asshole over and over again. I loved that so much. I savored that heat as he plowed deep and hard into my bowels. 

I savored that massive dick pumping away at me. The troll-cock stretched out my bowels to the limit. I groaned, clamping my asshole down on him. I savored that friction as he slammed deep and hard into me.

Gods damn! I groaned, my voice tight from how much dick he plunged into me. Fuck me!

Solja didn't hold back. He fucked me with virile thrusts. He plowed to the hilt in my asshole again and again. I loved him thrusting into me. It was a fantastic rush to have all that pleasure rushing into me. He buried into me hard and fast. 

He plowed into me over and over again. I shuddered, my butt-cheeks rippling. My cunt drank in the heat, my orgasm swelling so fast. So was his. His balls brimmed with all that cum he would fire into me.

Solja! I whimpered, about to burst.

He grunted, his heavy balls thwacking into my taint. I loved that heavy slap every time he buried his dick to the hilt in my bowels. I reveled in his mighty troll-dick. I squeezed my bowels around him, the pleasure about to burst in me.

He buried his dick to the hilt in my anal sheath. My eyes bulged as the heat exploded in my cunt. My boobs swayed beneath me as I exploded in rapture. My anal sheath convulsed around the troll's massive cock.

Las's big dick! I howled out to the orgy raging on the ship. Yes!

My asshole convulsed around Solja's troll-dick. I suckled at his monstrous, woody cock. I shuddered, my pussy gushing juices. Pussy cream and Stalker's cum spilled down my thighs. A hot flood of passion.

Waves of delight rushed through me. I groaned, savoring every moment of this pleasure rushing through me. He grunted, pumping away at my convulsing asshole, his balls swelling with the pressure. He growled and buried his huge shaft into my bowels. 

He growled in wordless pleasure as he exploded.

He flooded my asshole with his cum. He pumped blast after blast of his jizz into my anal sheath. I groaned, my asshole convulsing around his thick shaft. I suckled at him as he flooded my bowels with all that jizz.

He had so much seed in his heavy balls. I loved all that spunk flooding me. It was an incredible rush to have every blast of cum spurting into my bowels. I enjoyed this so much. He flooded my asshole with such force.

He filled me up with his cum as I squealed, Solja! Gods damn, Solja! You mighty troll!

He bellowed his triumph as he pumped blast after blast of his cum into my anal sheath. He filled me to the brim with his spunk. I shuddered, my cunt writhing. Waves of ecstasy drowned my mind as he pumped his load into my bowels.

My anal sheath milked his cock. I wrung him dry. I shuddered there, my round boobs swaying back and forth. I loved every moment of this delight. It was fantastic to have all that pleasure rushing through me. I felt so good.

Just so wondrous.

Oh, Solja, I moaned as he panted, his cock twitching in my bowels. He had unloaded it all into me. I am going to miss you!

Yes, he grunted. You will.

You're going to have to fuck me so much before we get to Unmik, I whimpered. Ooh, you're the second-best cock I have ever met.

He stroked my back with his strong hands. Yes, yes, I had to make as many memories as I could with him. I wouldn't have him for much longer. But he had to be reunited with his mother. She deserved to be fucked by her son's magnificent cock.

He and Tharaka would love her so much. I wished I could be there, but our path lay a different way. My father needed us to continue our quest.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Unmik, the Principality of Zeutch

Tarthan and Foran ran out the gangplank. It slapped down on the docks of Unmik. A dock official in a blue doublet with hair as yellow as straw stood on the dock. He had such pale skin. Like milk. A Zeutchian.
I had heard stories of the legendary beauty of Zeutchian women. Busty beauties with golden hair and fair skin. I could believe that they had such light-hued coloring seeing the tall dockworkers on the bustling port. Sir Angela and her adventure had entered Zeutch on the last leg of their journey here.

They were arrested by the local lord because Chaun had raped his wife. So much history was here, but we couldn't stay long. We had to sell south across the Nimborgoth for the next leg of our journey. Still, it was inspiring to be here.

Lord Kurtis, Tharaka said, the orc woman standing taller than me, her hand outstretched.

I clasped it, nodding to her. Find your mother. Reunite with her at Dragon's Rest.

She smiled, this look of hope in her eyes. It was so different from how I normally saw her. It was a thrill to see her with this big smile on her face. She looked so hopeful. Just so ready to head off and be reunited with her mother.

Oh, goodbye, said Lasla and hugged Tharaka. I hope we see each other again!

You just hope to be fucked by my brother's big dick one last time, said Tharaka.

Lasla put her hand on her belly. Well, he definitely fucked you. Mmm, you two are going to have a strong son.

Tharaka beamed at her.

Solja nodded to me as he headed for the gangplank. We have to be off, sister.

Someone's eager to see their mother, said Lasla. She winked at me, no doubt reading the troll's emotions. His lusts.

Solja paused. Of course, I wish to see her. You have a depraved mind.

I know, she said, a big grin on her lips. Later!

The gangplank bowed beneath his weight but held. He reached the dock. His sister followed with a lightness to her steps. They both had packs with provisions. The dockworkers moved out of the way of the troll. He strode off the docks and you into the city, his sister hurrying after. They were gone.

We had done something good for them. I was glad that we had held up our promise to them. I knew they would be happy with their mother. We would probably never see them again. Dragon's Rest wasn't a place I could go.

Not with my mother. As much as I idolized Sir Angela, Thrak, and their quest, going to the bastion of the slayer of the last dragon with my mother wasn't a good idea. Even without her, if the knights there caught wind of her existence.

Nope.

I turned to Captain Telesi. Cast off. We have a cradle to find!

Yes, Lord Kurtis, she cooed, her voice throaty. Her hand stroked over her pregnant belly. 

We had a goal. It sounded like we were heading into the most dangerous place yet. Unlike the Queendom of Naith or the Empire of Shizhuth, this wild rakshasa didn't have the veneer of civilization. They didn't pretend to respect laws and customs.

They were feral monsters who delighted in blood and carnage. But we had overcome everything we had faced down so far. We would once more. We would prevail and come back triumphant. 

My father would not languish in Throwia's chains for much longer. 

To be continued...
