Helpless...
by joseph4668

The ultimate humiliation.

Outside, Van, Parking Lot, Punishment

I would do it if I knew I wouldn't get arrested. And with that sentence, I felt the mood in the room change. She just sat there not saying anything with a slow confident smile, the kind you make when you have your opponent in check mate in 1 move, and they don't see it yet. Finally responding, she recoils, well it should be an interesting game we should make a bet to spice things up. She seemed to turn away as to not let me see that she was trying not to laugh.

Okay I retorted, your team looses you have to mow the lawn for me. Lol. I said this jokingly not really being that cruel. She immediately responds, and you do something I come up with if your team looses. Deal. She said while getting up from the couch in the living room to go out into the open sun room where the food and 8 other guest where mingling. She didn't really giving me a chance to respond as she left the room, & the not knowing what she might come up with felt a little exciting.

We mingled and ate but as we all watched the game, she keeps making refference to some people not holding up there end of a deal are cowards etc, people that loose a bet should be forced to pay and getting others casual agreement ect.

It wouldn't have made me nervous except that I had accidentaly overheard the group talking while I had been in the bathroom earlier. They seemed to be excitedly collaborating in a hushed tone, but all I could make out where the words; outside, van, parking lot, punishment.

As the game went on her team made an unexpected come back. So, what is your job for me if my team looses. I asked casually while in passing. Who said it had to be a job? She snaps back, leaving me a little nervous. Oh, we will see, I haven't put it all together yet. What? I ask as I laugh out loud. Put it all together? I ask as she is already out the door with her hands full of burgers and chips.

The game finally ends and all 10 of us, 5 women & 5 guys watch my team loose together in the living room. She looks too happy to have won as she excitedly interacts with her friends celebrating her victory. The other women all have an air about them as if they are all trying to keep a secret from me. They seem to more so laugh than celebrate their friends victory. They give me knowing looks as they are nearly bursting into laughter.

Okay, come in the back yard. We all step out into the modest size backyard and she throws me a football. You have to see how long you can avoid a tackle from the other 4 guys, and go. Before I could respond she yells go and the girls cheer & yell "Get him! to the other 4 guys there.

They are after me without a second of warning and with no touchdown zone it is inevitable that I am going to be tackled. After a valiant effort and a few slick moves they pounce on top of me and I am tackled.

After a moment I am wondering why they aren't getting off of me as I start to hear through the comotion the girls yelling out commands of some kind to the 4 guys. They hold me down as they take start to take my clothes off. I struggle but through the commotion and the 5 ladys laughing as they instruct the guys what to do with me, I am simply out numbered and can't move much at all.

They get me down to my underwear and seem to stop. They stand me up by this point and walk me towards the front yard. I am in my underwear and they somehow got me handcuffed behind my back as well. The girls are leading the way to the van in front of the house as all of my efforts to free myself are completely futile.

They open the side door of the van but as they push me inside they pull off my underwear and with being handcuffed behind my back I am helpless to defend myself.

Only the 5 ladys pile in the van with me and blind fold me as they use the seat belts to wrap around my arms and neck holding me in place.

They are hesterical with excitement and laughter as I hear the car start and then start moving.

Their hands are all over me holding me down and with the seat belt straps, they aren't messing around. I feel something else as well, the breeze from outside. The windows must be down!

Tickle him! I hear her command as she drives taking me, to who knows where. Where is she taking me anyway? I think to myself and then all at once, in the midst of this adrenaline filled experience, I remember the words I overheard while in the bathroom earlier; outside, van, parking lot, punishment.

The girls wont let up as they take full advantage of my helpless vulnerability. They are shrieking and laughing as I try to fight them off of me, turned on to the max and terrified of what is to come.

I feel the van speeding around as they taunt me and tease me about where they should kick me out. Lets just kick him out at the next stop light. One comments. We need to drive across town first. They all burst out laughing as we struggle. With every tease of them threatening to force me out against my will helplessly, stranded naked in public, a surge of pleasure and adrenaline, sexiness & cringing embarrasment coktail in my blood stream and overwhelm me with an unbearable sensation...

Their tickling has subsided to caressing and fondeling but I still feel the breeze from outside. Close the windows at least I plead. Don't worry we are almost there, she says from the driver seat.

There? Where is there? I think to myself. Outside, van, parking lot, punishment.

We stop and my heart does as well. There is a second of silence which is the terrifying calm before the storm no doubt and then I hear the side door open and her say, pull him out of the car!

I am flipped crazy when I hear that, I can't see where we are or who might be around and I am not going to let them do this to me! I attempt but with being handcuffed behind your back and blindfolded there is nothing at all you can do.

I see only black but I feel the warm concrete underneath my naked feet and the warm sunlight on my skin. The breeze, the openness, the vulnerability. The girls, the taunting, the laughter. I couldn't take it all. It was too much. I cringed with embarrassment as I heard the door slam shut and I seem to be standing alone naked out in the open.

I can still hear the girls but they are back in the van with the windows up, imagine that.

I must be in a parking lot I thought.

My nerves are going crazy and my adrenaline is skyrocketing. I am so turned on I am about to burst and am so utterly humiliated I can't keep from cringing uncontrolably from the extreme embarrassment.

What is my punishment exactly I wonder, to be forced to be like this for a minute, or an hour? Or, will they let me back in the car at all? Finally after enduring such extreme embarrassment, I feel my blindfold come off and she is standing in front of me. The van is next to us blocking view of the rest of the big parking lot. Luckily no one in public can see me from where we are, and how we are positioned.

You won't get arrested, my friend is security here and I've already spoken with her about this. However, you will do the dare exactly as I say. Whether you want to or not. Is that understood?

Us girls will sit in the van with the windows cracked and ask you embarrassing questions about yourself. If we think you might be lieing I will drive 10 ft and stop, letting you catch up.

Once you get 50 questions wrong which at that point we will be 500 ft into the parking lot, I am going to floor it and drive all the way to the other side of the parking lot and wait for you there. Lol. There is more laughter at this from all the girls. She smirks and stares at me, we are going to learn so much about you. Lol.

After a prolonged amount of time of standing next to the van and them teasing me they shifted their tone.

Just relax. We are going to take our time asking you about yourself, and no one can see you out here, but us...

As long as the van is in the way, no one can see you.

So, settle down and get comfortable because we are going to take our time asking you questions.

There might be a few of us whom are interested in you and we want to explore everything there is to know. We are gonna take advantage of this opportunity to force a man to be honest, about everything! Lol

I am standing out in the open sun completely bare naked with handcuffs preventing me from even covering myself out in public. There is no where to go, otherwise I would loose my cover and only chance to get back into the van. They take their time letting me know that I should settle down and get comfortable with my fate which has already been decided, no matter how unbearably humiliating it is, I have no choice in the matter. I lost the bet. I do her dare. Fair and square.

The women now have a tone of that of a moral authority. Telling me that she would have done whatever if she lost and so I have to do the dare because I lost. And technically it doesn't matter how excrutiatingly humiliating it is, so they are free to do literally anything to me, at all...

I lost fair and square. I am already helpless anyway. They have already decided to drive off after 50 questions and there is no changing that fact. I am in for it and that is that.

They wouldn't stop. Women are so fucking good at anything they choose to drill into. They made me feel so small. So helpless. So Naked. So Vulnerable. So fucking spine tinglingly sprung that I would have exploded if anyone of them reached out and grabbed me.

First question! She yells out of the window.

Would it turn you on if I drove away? ... All the women turn to stare at my answer like 5 lie detecting machines eager to yell, he's lieing! NO! I say without even thinking. She smiles and says, well let's find out.

She drives about 150 feet away from the edge of the parking lot where I had relative cover. Now I have nothing as I desperately jog to catch back up with the van to hide behind again now offering much less cover from the rest of the parking lot. I am surging with adrenaline again and am freaking out.

The girls are in an uproar of laughter as she tries to say, well I guess that is one lie, you are obviously turned on! Lol. Making the girls laugh all the harder and then driving another 30 feet before stopping.

I catch back up with the van and am cringing with embarrassment with no choice but to continue this unimaginable ordeal for as long as she wants to punish me. And with all the girls feeding from each others energy they are no where near letting me back in the van. I am screwed!

I am not 100% sure if anyone saw me or not but it is just a matter of time before a vehicle drives by and, ... and, ... and what? What am I supposed to freaking do?! I can't cover myself and only have the van for cover. Am I supposed to just stand here but ass naked as a ... Interupting that thought was a handful of cars driving by taking in full unrestricted view of me in all my glory.

Cars kept driving around and I just had to stand there and endure it with nothing to hide behind. After the cars passed and the laughter subsided, she asked. Are you ready for your next question?

How exactly does it make you feel when I drive away? Describe that feeling to me and leave nothing out. Describe every intimate detail about how you feel when I drive away! We all want to hear you describe how it makes you feel.

And be honest! or else. Lol.

The other girls in the car are showing signs of being embarrassed for me at this point. Mabey we should let him back in the car now. They would suggest. She wasn't even responding to them.

I was so embarrassed that I was red with embarrassment and they teased me all the more.

What does it feel like? She asked commandingly.

I feel, um... totally naked & vunerable. I utter the words as the girls erupt in laughter all the more. And?... She mercilessly says. I stutter to respond, I feel helpless & completely terrified that you are going to drive away.

What? She yells over the laughter. You feel helpless & terrified? ... Yes. I state. You are humiliated and terrified that I am going to ... Drive away. I answered again.

Okay, if you want me to. Bye!

She steps on the gas leaving me far behind. I am not even trying to keep up with the van at this point. I am all at once left standing there like a naked boob obviously out in the open in a parking lot with people and cars all around me.

Where can I hide?! Where can I go?! What can I do?!

The stress and desparation went from bad to worse when I see the van pull out onto the road and drive away.

...

I am so fucked!

I take off in light sprint in a random direction not knowing what the hell I'm gonna do. People are noticing and some are already filming my humiliating punishment of a situation. Cars honk at me as I make my way across the parking lot. It wasn't a normal size parking lot. It was huge, for multiple businesses and shopping centers. There where people everywhere and they where looking at me. Cars where driving by seeing EVERYTHING and some people would gasp or yell, embarrassing me further.

I couldn't take it anymore but had no choice but to continue enduring the walk of shame. By now I slowed down and stopped running. Where am I going anyway? To hide behind a parked car was my only option but how long was I gonna stay there? So I just kept frantically moving as people took video with their phones and made a variety of reactions towards me.

Time went by and I was red with embarrassment. This all was just too much! I couldn't be more vulnerable, helpless, and naked. I couldn't get any cover or hiding place at all. I saw them drive away and was freaking at that thought. The thing that made it the worst was not knowing what the hell to do or where the hell to go!

She just stranded me naked where there was no where I could go to hide and nothing I could do to escape no matter how unbearable the anguish... It didn't matter that I couldn't stand it anymore. It didn't matter that I was utterly and totally humiliated beyond imagination. It didn't matter that I would have killed to get back into the van!

I was powerless and the next wave of crippling humiliation was all that mattered in my world as the next number of passersby are surprised and humored and attracted at my appearance. I get laughs, I get gasps, I get stares and honks. Each time sending sensations through my whole naked body.

The van pulls up from behind on my side and I am taken a back. I desperately try to open the handle but it is locked.

The girls inside are laughing and smiling at me not letting me get in. They roll the window down to say something. I listen to hear what they are going to say standing next to the van still with handcuffs behind my back.

She says we left forgetting something she says as she slips the blindfold back over my eyes leaving me in the dark.

All I hear is laughter and the van speeding away.
