I am busy putting away files in the office where I work as a secretary while my boss, Chetan, is busy wrapping up his meeting at the end of the day and bidding farewell to his clients. One of the men, Monril, smiles at me and says, "Have a good weekend, Vidya." I respond in kind and continue my work.
Chetan closes the door and walks over to me, pleased at how the meeting had gone. "We did well today, Vidya. Thank you for all you did to help."
It was my pleasure, Chetan." I reply. I always feel uncomfortable using his first name, but he has long insisted that I do so, saying that he does not like to be called "Mister". So I comply with his request. He is the boss after all.
One of the files slips out of my hand and falls on the desk. Chetan reaches for it just as I do. His hand lands atop mine as I grab it. I notice that it lingers on my hand just a little too long before he pulls it away. As I turn away his left elbow softly rubs against my right breast. I step away, hoping that he did not notice anything but the feel of my saree. I see his dark eyes linger on my breasts and nearly blush at the thought of him realizing that he had touched me there.
I have been married to my husband, Gopal, for 18 years. We married when I was 18 and he was 22, and in my entire 36 years he has been the only man to caress my flesh, or even to see me naked. I assume that Chetan's touch was completely accidental.
We finish up and leave. Chetan walks outside with me. "See you tomorrow." I tell him as I begin walking away.
"Tomorrow indeed," he says. Then as I am walking away he follows up with, "I hate to see you leave but I love to watch you go."
I turn around, confused by the statement. He just smiles and continued watching me as I leave. I then wonder if he is referring to my ass. My husband always tells me that I have a great ass, but in my traditional Indian attire I assume that my 38-26-36 body is not that noticeable to reveal my butt that way. I pause, lingering at my reflection in a storefront window outside, and realize that perhaps it is easy to see my shape in this particular outfit. Perhaps I better wear a loser one in the future. Still, I can't really believe that Chetan really meant that.
I dare not say anything to my husband. No need in making him feel uncomfortable with this, especially since I'm certain that nothing was meant by it. Still, I have noticed that Chetan has been acting a little different lately. I have observed him staring at me in the office often. And he has made a few other comments that, individually may be innocent, but collectively they make me wonder what might be going through his mind. He is a married man and has said nothing to imply that he is not happy and satisfied with his relationship. And he knows just how loyal I am to Gopal.
The next day I planned to say something to him about it. But of course I am just too shy, so I do not dare to bring the subject up to him. Instead I just act like nothing has happened.
Then at noon he was picking up a document from me and said, "you are pretty firm still at your age."
When I looked at his quizzically he added, "I could feel how firm you are when I bumped up against you last night."
Instinctively I crossed my arms, covering my C-cup breasts as he smiled, unable to gather up the nerve to say anything.
"You know, I would love to have a chance to see just how they feel." He said.
"Please don't joke with me like that." I told him.
Chetan grinned and walked back to his office. But I swear it looked as if he was rubbing his crotch with his right hand as he did so. I caught myself wondering if he had an erection, then quickly dismissed that thought. Why would I even care about such a thing. The only penis I am concerned about is my husband's.
I have seen other penises on video. My husband introduced me to porn, and we sometimes watched it together. But while I found it erotic with Gopal, I was not interested in watching it on my own. I was satisfied with my husbands 7-inch Penis. I admit it was difficult for me at first. Being a virgin on our wedding night I was not ready for sex when it happened. It was uncomfortable and actually took me almost a week before he was able to penetrate me fully for the entire duration of our sexual experience. It was pleasurable, but it did hurt. But soon I was able to take him with ease. I have never even thought about having sex with another man.
Sure Chetan is attractive. He is tall, handsome, and only a year older than me. But I have no desire for him. But I am becoming concerned that he may be having some inappropriate desires towards me. I decide that I need to be careful.
Things went about the same the rest of the week. Little double entendres here and there, and a casual touch on my arm or shoulder. Nothing too far, but it was still happening more and more often. Then, as we are wrapping up on Friday night he steps behind my chair and tells me how good a week it has been. Before I know what is happening he has his hands on my shoulders and is giving my neck and shoulders a massage. It feels so good and relaxing that I momentarily forget what is happening and enjoy the moment. Then it hits me and I quickly stand up.
"I need to leave." I tell him and make my way to the door. It doesn't help that as I head outside I realize that my panties are moist. How could I have responded in that way. I shake my head to clear my thoughts. Fortunately, Gopal is horny tonight and we make love, and I almost forget Chetan's hands rubbing me... _almost._
Monday has gone by without anything out of the ordinary, much to my delight as I have been apprehensive throughout the day. Chetan has continued to look at me intensely at times, but has not said or done anything to make me feel uncomfortable. After lunch we received a large number of packages for an upcoming project. After the courier left I decide to move them into one of the back rooms. There are others in the office today, but the boxes are light so I don't see any need to ask for help. I stack them and then pick them up, realizing that they go over my head and might topple over before I get to the back. Chetan sees me and comes across the room.
"Let me help you with those, Vidya." He says.
While they are light, this is awkward so I am grateful for the help. Chetan reaches his hands around the boxes about midway up. As his hands move behind the boxes, between them and my body, both of his hands rub against my breast. I feel his right hand cupping my left breast in the process. It is all I can do not to jump and cry out in embarrassment as his hand closes slightly under my breast, tenderly groping it for just a moment. His thumb slides across my nipple. Even through my bra the touch causes my sensitive nipple to begin to harden. Then he quickly pulls both hands forward, taking hold of the upper half of the boxes and lifts them up.
I feel my face blushing as I back up two steps, watching him move towards the back room. Chetan acts as if nothing has happened. Surely he must realize that he has just fondled me. I expect some reaction from him, but get nothing. I dare not say anything for fear of letting the others in the room know what has just happened. I pull myself together and follow behind him. Perhaps he really does not know what he just did. Maybe it was all just an accident. I feel my nipples tingling as my flesh responded involuntarily to the stimulation. It bothers me that I was just touched in such a way by another man. This is worse than when he brushed against my breast the other day. But I am truly wondering if he knows what he did at all. Perhaps he is ignorant of what happened. Or perhaps he realizes what he did and is just as embarrassed as I am about it. Or, perhaps, Chetan saw an opportunity and took advantage of it to get a cheap feel at my expense.
"Oh well." I mumble as I do my best to shake it off. We put the boxes on the shelf in the back room and return to the main office. I notice Chetan's eyes lingering on my bosom. I glance down and see the slightest impression of my hardened nipples through the material of my saree. In reality it is probably not visible to others, but it feels like they are poking through on display to me. I quickly cross my arms and turn to walk away. The slight grin on his face makes me certain that he knows what happened, and most likely took pleasure in it, even if it was an accident. I hurry back to my station and begin working in order to get this off my mind.
After everyone leaves I remind Chetan that I will be working from home tomorrow. He smiles and says that he remembered, and that he will contact me if he needs me for anything.
I grab my handbag and say goodnight.
"Goodnight, Vidya," he replies, "and thanks for everything."
His smile and the way he exaggerated the word "everything" makes me blush again. I know that he must be referring to groping my breast.
Seeing my confused look he says, "I would say I'm sorry about what happened earlier, but I'm happy it happened."
I blush again. I open my mouth but can't form any words. Chetan is telling me that--accident or not--he took pleasure in fondling me. I need to leave before he says anything else that might make this more awkward, if that is even possible.
He opens his mouth to speak again, but I cut him off. "Goodnight, I need to catch my ride home."
I turn and rush out the door. As I head outside I recall the feeling of his hands on my breasts, and his right hand softly fondling my left one. I shake my head to clear my thoughts. I am thankful that I will be working from home tomorrow so I can avoid seeing Chetan for at least a day. That should give me time to gather my thoughts to see what I should do. The only thing I know for certain is that I dare not say anything about it, especially not to Gopal.
The next morning I am working from home. With Gopal gone for the day, and my Son off at his hostel there is no one to disturb me while I work. About an hour later the doorbell rings. I open the door and find Chetan standing there. "I have another file that I need you to work on." He tells me.
I take the file and he just stands there.
"Can I come in for a minute?" He asks.
I want to say no, but dutifully I smile and let him inside. I am happy that I have put on my saree today and am not working in my casual attire.
Chetan begins talking to me, but I cannot look him in the eyes. All I can think of his his hand cupping my breast yesterday and his comments afterwards.
I offer him a cup of tea and he accepts it. I I hand him the cup he gently brushes my hand with his fingers. "You look very pretty today, Vidya." He tells me.
"Thank you." I reply, moving away from him.
"I need to talk to you about last night." He says.
"What about it?" I ask, trying to act ignorant of what he is getting at.
"I hope I did not upset you when I accidentally grabbed your boobs."
I want to object to his use of the word 'accidental' as I am more convinced that he did it on purpose.
"I didn't notice it." I lied.
Chetan smiled, "It is okay, I wish I could say I'm sorry, but I did enjoy it."
Oh dear, I do not want to have this conversation. I am thinking to myself. I cannot be talking to my boss about this.
"Did you enjoy me touching you that way?" He asks me.
"No." I answer.
"But I thought you did not notice anything" He accused.
I don't know what to say to him.
Chetan continues, " know that you must be interested, after all, you have done nothing to dissuade me from making advances on you last week. And you invited me into your home with no one here."
"I am not interested in you, Chetan." I tell him.
"Just relax." He tells me, leading me to the couch. He sits me down and slowly raises his right hand to cup my left breast.
"Please don't" I tell him, but I am too nervous to push him away. Chetan takes that as encouragement and brings his left hand up. Now he is fondling both of my breasts. I am frightened, but at the same time it feels good. I feel a tingling between my legs, but tell him to stop. Chetan ignores me and begins disrobing me.
"No, you cannot do this." I insist, "I have only had sex with Gopal. No other man has even looked upon me naked."
"I will not have sex with you," Chetan tells me, "I just want to see those firm tits."
I do not want to do this, but suddenly say, "Very well, but that is all."
What the hell am I saying? I think to myself.
Chetan undoes my blouse and my bra covered breasts are exposed to him. Then he pulls the bra up and over them. Now he is playing with my breasts and softly pinching my nipples.
"Oh my, look how big they are getting." He comments as my nipples grow to nearly an inch in length. I blush in shame as my body responds to his touch. I cannot believe that I am allowing him to do this,
I close my eyes as he continues to fondle my breasts. It feels like forever before I open them, only to discover that at some point he had pulled one hand away and unfastened his pants. I see his circumcised penis beginning to grow erect in front of me. Gopal is uncircumcised. I have seen circumcised men in porn, but never in real life. It grows harder as he fondles me. My eyes can't pull away from it, he is slightly shorter than Gopal, who is 7-inches when hard, but he is a good inch thicker in girth.
"Please put that away." I tell him.
"Just relax and enjoy this." He tells me.
"No, I cannot. I am a married woman." I remind him.
"And I am a married man. Don't worry, we are just playing, I will not go too far."
I stand up, attempting to move away from him, but he moves quickly and begins removing my clothing. Before I know what is going on I am standing there with my saree around my ankles, my blouse on the floor, and wearing just my panties and my bra still hiked over my breasts. Chetan lowers his right hand and rubs between my legs. I jump with a start as his fingers caress my pussy lips through the thin material. "Please, do not do this."
Chetan gently pushes me back down onto the couch.
"I cannot have sex with you." I object.
"I told you that I will not go that far." He says, as he begins rubbing between my legs again. "I will not go any farther than you let me."
Before I can protest again he leans forward and begins kissing me. I want to pull away, but I quickly discover that Chetan is a very good kisser. Soon his tongue finds its way into my mouth and I instinctively begin responding as his fingers continue to caress my pussy.
"I can feel your panties getting wet." He says when he pulls away. Then he lowers his head and begins licking and sucking my left nipple.
"No, stop." I say, but I do nothing to push him away. My nipples are so hard and sensitive. His tongue feels so good on it, while his left hand begins caressing my right nipple and his right hand continues massaging my pussy.
"We should not be doing this." I say, but he is not listening.
Chetan's left hand grabs my right hand and moves it. Suddenly I feel his thick dick against my hand. I try to pull away, but he holds it tight. "Grab me he says."
It is one thing to have him doing this to me. But for me to play with him is something altogether different. I pull away twice more but he continues to hold my hand tightly, then I give in and wrap my fingers around his swollen shaft. I begin stroking him softly.
"Just this, nothing more." I insist. As wrong as this is, perhaps if I make him cum this way he will stop and leave me alone. Although, as much as I hate to admit it, what he is doing to me feels so good. It is so very wrong, but my body is enjoying it.
I spasm when I feel his hand slip under my panties. He begins running his finger through my well trimmed black bush, then slowly down my slit.
"No, you cannot penetrate me." I tell him.
"Just let me play with your clit." He says.
His finger begins rubbing my swollen clit. Oh my god this feels good. I cannot believe that I am allowing this to happen. Am I really going to let him rub me to orgasm while I stroke his dick until he cums in my hand?
I close my eyes, thinking that if I don't open then then perhaps I can pretend this is all a dream. I feel Chetan's hands pull away, only to have them touch the side of my hips as he begins to slide my panties down. "No.", I object, jerking my hands to cover my now exposed pussy as he pulls my panties down my slender legs until he pulls them over my feet.
"Let me see your pussy." He says. As he pulls my hands away. I blush more as his eyes gaze upon my well trimmed pussy. "Oh, that is so nice." He compliments me.
"I can't believe that you are doing this to me." I protest, unsure of how to react as my boss becomes only the second man, other than a doctor, ever to see my pussy.
He holds my hands to my side and lowers his face between my legs. "Oh my god, don't lick me!"I cry out as his mouth touches my wet lips. His tongue begins licking up and down my slit before he rises up and focuses on my throbbing clit.
"Oh god, no..." I say as he continued to lick me. My mind is spinning from all the emotions as Chetan expertly stimulates my clit. I want him to stop, but at the same time I need him to continue because it feels so good and so forbidden at the same time.
"We cannot be doing this." I say over and over again.
Chetan pauses long enough to say, "Just let me do this until you orgasm for me, Vidya. Then I will stop everything."
I know that I should demand him to stop everything right now; that this has gone way too far, but I have to admit to myself that I am enjoying every moment of his tongue flicking across my clit. When he lets go of my hands I do not even attempt to move them to try to get him away from me. Chetan's hands move up to my breasts where he begins playing with them and playing with my now ultra sensitive nipples.
I glance at the clock, fearing that Gopal will walk in and catch us, but there are still several hours before I can expect him to arrive home. Chetan continues to lick me, and I feel my body responding in sheer pleasure as his tongue brings me closer and closer to climax. I cannot believe that I am going to permit another man to get me off, but that is about to happen and I do not think I could stop it now even if I really wanted it to.
"Oh yes!", I exclaim as my orgasm begins. I immediately regret saying that, knowing that I can not hide my pleasure from Chetan any longer. My head rolls back and my breasts heave up and down as I begin moaning in delight as his tongue makes me cum. He continues to lick me as every nerve in my body responds to my orgasm. How can I ever face him again after this. Worse, how am I going to look Gopal in the face when he comes home tonight.
My orgasm begins to subside, but Chetan continues to lick me. "Please stop." I plead as my pussy is becoming over sensitive following my orgasm. But he continues to lick.
"Oh my god." I blurt out as I begin to orgasm a second time. I am now shaking with delight from head to toe. My thighs squeeze against Chetan's head as this orgasm dominates my body.
Finally he pulls away. I lay back against the couch, panting heavily as I try to recover from what has just happened to me. I keep my eyes closed, not daring to look at my boss. I feel him moving but think that he is getting up. Then I feel him sliding up onto me. I open my eyes in shock as I feel the head of his engorged dick pressing against my sopping wet pussy.
"No, you absolutely cannot fuck me!" I insist as he begins pushing into my pussy. "Please stop now." I plead.
Chetan pushes inside me. "Just let me fuck you for a little bit."
"You cannot cum inside me." I say in panic.
"Okay." He whispers as he begins pumping his dick into me. I feel his thickness filling my insides. While not quite as long as Gopal, he is definitely thicker. And following two orgasms, every inch of his manhood is felt by me as his dick slides in and out of my hole. I can see the satisfaction on his face as he fucks me, knowing that he is enjoying every moment of being inside my forbidden pussy. I so want him to stop. I want to turn back the clock and prevent any of this from happening. But I am enjoying it so damn much! Oh how can I be getting so much pleasure from allowing another man to use my body like this.  
Before I know it I have my arms wrapped around him and I am fucking back like a woman possessed as he slams my pussy. I know it is wrong, but I am loving having his dick inside me. Every moment of this feels so good, even if it is wrong.
"Make me cum again!" I cry out as he continues to fuck me.
"Oh my, I am cumming." Chetan says.
"No, stop!" I cry out, but my body is so caught up in pleasure I can't stop fucking him. He moans in delight and begins thrusting harder and faster. I feel his cum spurting inside my body. My mind races with the combination of fear and lust as I feel him filling my pussy with his seed as he continues cumming inside me. Then I begin to orgasm again.
"Oh yes!" I hold on tight as we both orgasm together. I lose track of time as he pumps my pussy long after we have both finished. Then he slowly pulls out of me.
I see his dick, glistening from my juices as it slowly softens in front of me. I look down and see a mixture of my fluids and his cum trickling out of my pussy onto the couch.
"I cannot believe we did that." I whisper.
"I have wanted to do that for so long." Chetan tells me.
We both promise never to tell anyone about this, and vow that it will never happen again. He dresses and leaves and I quickly use a towel to try to dry the wet spot on the couch and then take my clothes into the bedroom before jumping into the shower to wash off. I have to put this behind me and get my head together before Gopal comes home. But as I stand in the shower thinking about what just happened I find myself rubbing my pussy until I orgasm again.
I can never allow this to happen again. But I wonder if my body will allow my mind to remain convinced of that when I see Chetan at work tomorrow.