Electric Chair
by Vanessa Evans

Jon’s had an electric chair installed in our punishment room. It looks just like the big chairs that you see in the movies, complete with ankle and wrist straps, and a little helmet that comes down onto my head. This stops my head rolling about and means that I can totally relax. 

I call it an electric chair because it has an electrically operated big vibe sticking up in the middle of the wooden seat, complete with wires running to a control box then mains socket. It’s about 7 inches long and 2 inches in diameter and has 2 little metal bits on the tip. Jon wouldn’t tell me anything more than I could see but we both joked about it fucking me to death.

The first time that Jon told me to get on it we’d been talking about if for a while and I was already very wet with anticipation. It felt good as I lowered myself onto it that Sunday evening. Jon let me get comfortable before strapping my wrists and ankles in place. Next he lowered the helmet onto my head and fixed it in place. I was well and truly fixed in place. Jon left me for a few minutes and came back with a blindfold and ball gag which he put on me without saying a word and then left.

After what seemed like an hour the vibe burst into life and if I could, I would have jumped. It was a quick burst then Jon turned it down. I guessed that I was in for a long session. Little did I know just how long.

The only sound that I could hear was the dull drone of the little motor inside me. I got another shock when the pace changed, then it changed again. It was only the next day that Jon told me that the control box has a random mode for the speed and for another little surprise that I got later.

After the third time that I’d cum it slowed down for quite a while. I was glad of the rest. Then it hit me, and I passed out. When I came round the vibe had stopped and I worked out that I’d had an electric shock from the two little plates on the top of the vibe.

I had the feeling that it was going to happen again and I was right. I got a bit of a rest before the vibe started again. I was ready for it this time and I tried to fight it as the electric shock got stronger and stronger. I found it real hard to fight the pain as I peeked for another orgasm. If I could have screamed I would have. I passed out again.

I was knackered and getting more and more tired as the vibe started up again.

The seat was so wet that my thighs could slide around a bit.

The random sessions went on and on and, in spite of the pleasure; I was so tired that I had trouble keeping awake. The electric shocks kept waking me up before I passed out again.

Eventually Jon came back, switched it off and took the blindfold and ball gag off. I couldn’t say a word, and when he unfastened the straps and helmet I didn’t have the energy to get up. 

Jon carried me upstairs and put me into the bath. He then bathed me before lifting me out, drying me and putting me to bed. It was late Monday afternoon when I woke up.

Love,

V