The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in
locations in which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read. 
This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited
without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except may
by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com     

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Readers,  This is the repost (and light rewrite) of a MFF Romance
originally posted in April 1998.  It is light and easy reading.  I hope you
enjoy.  E.Z.




DEALING WITH A BASTARD 

I had spent the night at Mary's house, which was a luxury I really enjoyed.
Her two kids were at her parents, allowing us freedom to be ourselves this
weekend.  We had fucked loudly and wildly all night and now were enjoying
being in the den naked. 

Mary is thirty-one, with a small (five one, 100 pounds) but delightful body,
medium length black hair, a happy, warm smile, and, brown eyes that
sparkle, expressing all her emotions. She was a hot, active, squealing woman
in bed, if she was rested, which is sometimes difficult since she has two kids
and a job.  More importantly, she was a warm, loving woman who really
cared a lot for me.  I cared equally for her, a fact she questioned sometimes
although it was very true. 

Last night had been magnificent as it is so often with Mary. Some women
moan, some scream.  Mary squeaks: tight little sounds emitted in the rhythm
of our fucking.  Then, after she floated in her afterglow, I slipped her down
to take my cock in her mouth.  Slurping happily, she watched my face and
let me harden there before we fucked again.  

Now, she was on the floor, kneeling naked between my legs with a soft,
narrow, leather collar around her neck and a coffee mug in her hands.  The
leash hung from the ring in the collar down between her breasts. She was
sipping the coffee quietly as she watched me like a hawk.  She loves to play
master-slave: she is a natural submissive. I do not mean she is a pain freak.
She loves her man to dominate her, particularly in bed.  I, of course, take
great care to dominate without ever humiliating her, to dominate in the way
she loves the most.  Her enjoyment of our sex is as important to me as my
own enjoyment, although I would never admit that to her.  

Her breasts showed the signs of our love making with the hickey, the mottled
texture where they had been roughly squeezed.   My cum and her juice was
dried on her thigh. 

"Jack?"

The hair on the back of my neck stood up. The way she said it made me feel
like a trap was being set with me as its prey. 

"Yes, baby?"

"Am I as good in bed as Debbie?"

"What kind of question is that?"

"A legitimate one.  After all, you are fucking both of us and she is my best
friend."

Hurray!  She finally admitted she was sharing me with her best friend. They
both had known it, but they both refused to acknowledge it in my presence,
as if not talking about it made it go away.  
 
"I love and enjoy both of you immensely.  I could not possibility select one
of you over the other."

"Aren't you even going to deny you are sleeping with both of us?  Oh, don't
answer that.  Debbie and I discuss you all the time. We both think you are
magnificent. We both love you, you know.  We love the sex, but it is more
than that.  We love you."

"I know and I love each of you," I said as I kissed her gently.  

"We know that.  Debbie says no man has ever treated her with such love and
kindness.  I feel the same way. You are better to our children than their own
fathers."  

She raised up to be kissed again and her hands wandered over my body,
finally resting on my cock which she manipulated until he began to rise.   

"You are a remarkable man, even if sometimes . . . "

"Sometimes what?"

"Sometimes, Jack, well, you can be a bastard, you know."

"I am a man. You are women.  I demand of you knowing you love it . . . 
love giving to me."

"True.  I do love it."  

She sighed loudly. Her eyes had been soft and wet when she thought about
her giving.  Now, they were two big, chocolate, lasers burning into me.

"Jack . . .  how does Yvonne Winters compare to us?" 

I did not answer. 

"No wonder you are a good poker player. I could not see any reaction."

"I have never lied to you, Mary." 

"So, don't start now.  Look, Jack, I am not trying to trap you.  We know
about Yvonne.  And, we object."

I happily noticed her constant use of the plural pronoun. She was thinking of
herself and Debbie as a team, one and indivisible. I liked that.  But, what I
said was "Why?"

"Debbie and I are happy . . .  well, yes, happy, is the right word . . .  we are
happy to share you, but only share you with each other.  Yvonne wants you
all to herself.   It scares us.  We don't want to lose you." 

"You are not going to lose me!"

She squirmed into my lap, legs spread across mine so her pussy was idly
rubbing against my crotch, making my cock again rise to the occasion.  She
knew exactly what she was doing. 

"Please, stop seeing her.  For me. For us."

We kissed hard, my hands all over her tight little body.  She was ready for
me, but, she was always ready for me.  That is one of the things I really liked
about her.  As we cuddled, I could see her worry.  Yvonne was a weight on
her she wanted to exorcize before "something" happened, something that, in
her mind, would be terrible.   

Mary and Debbie were both thirty-one, both divorced and with two kids
each. Both were sweet, fun and attractive. And, they were best friends. They
could trust each other not to try to snap me up.  Yvonne was only
twenty-four and had worked as an exotic dancer. I knew Mary and Debbie
would be intimidated by her DD breasts and flaring ass.  And, Yvonne did
not have children which single mothers see as a severe handicap in the
man-catching wars. They thought Yvonne was busting her ass to get me
roped and tied. 

"Another thing, neither Debbie or I have anyone but you. With AIDS and
all, it scares us you screwing around." 

When I said nothing, she give me a nasty look, jumped up and ran into the
bathroom. I joined her in the shower.   She was cool at first, but Mary can
never deny me for long.   We fucked as she wrapped her legs around my
waist and I bounced her off the shower stall wall.    

After the shower, she toweled off quickly and threw a robe over herself,
which surprised me until I saw Debbie in the den going through Cds, looking
for her favorite. We had not been quiet in the shower.  I guessed Debbie had
heard us.  I was naked, which was a first, the first time I had been naked in
front of both of them. Neither acted embarrassed, but the tension was very
heavy. 

"Good morning, Jack," Debbie said sweetly, eyeing my cock and, then,
giving her friend a hard glance. I noticed a quick, little, quiver as she thought
about sex.  She raised her head to be kissed. As I bent over her, I made sure
my cock dropped right in her face.  She gave me a knowing, sultry look
before closing her eyes as I kissed her.  I kissed her long and hard. When I
stood my cock, standing at half mast, hung near her face. 

"Give your friend a good morning kiss, Debbie," I said softly but firmly. 

That was a major step for us. While they knew I was having sex with both of
them, neither had done anything overtly sexual with me in the presence of
the other.  I had grabbed a boob or swatted an ass when the other was there,
but that allowed them to act shy and giggly.  

Debbie looked at me for a long time, her eyes flitting back and forth to
Mary, who was standing still as a statue, frozen by the game she was
observing. Debbie slowly reached for my cock, wrapping her fingers around
him.  She leaned forward to kiss him gently on the head. 

"Good morning, friend," she whispered before releasing him and sitting
back.

You could feel the tension slowly leave the room. Mary plopped down by
Debbie and the whispers started. I sat down and watched them. Debbie was
five inches taller and weighed twenty-five pounds more than Mary. She was
blonde to Mary's brunette, blue eyed to Mary's brown.  While Mary's body
felt tight and small, Debbie had a full, lush, earth mother feel to her, bigger
everywhere but particularly her breasts. She, too, was an excellent lover
when she was not harried.  

Thinking I could over hear, they asked me to go in the bedroom. I was sleepy
anyway, so I volunteered for a nap. I was dozing when the bed moved as
Debbie and Mary got on each side of me.  

"Jack?"  Mary said.

I grunted and opened my eyes.

"Let's make a deal."

"What kind of deal?"

"You know. A deal.  A deal that eliminates Yvonne or other women from
our lives."

"She is not in your life.  She is in my life."

Mary swatted me across the stomach with the flat of her hand.

"Honestly, Jack!  You are the greatest guy in the world and I do love you
but, you are such a bastard sometimes!   We want Yvonne gone from the
picture! You know she is driving us nuts!"

Yes, I knew.  That is what I wanted.  I sat up, wanting to look them in the
eye. 

"What kind of deal?"

They looked at each other as the tension grew.

"Tell me, ladies, what do you want?"

"We want you to give up Yvonne . . . "

"... and any other girl friends except us."

I hoped my expression did not change. This was a major step I had been
working on for several months. My goal was to get both of them to openly
and honestly accept they were both my lovers,  the women (rather than
woman) in my life.  Now, they both had accepted I would sleep with both of
them.  But, I knew to press. 

"All right, let us say I do.  What do I get in return?"

"Us," Debbie replied.

"Us how?"

"What do you mean?"  Mary asked, trying to act innocent. 

"We are playing games here. If you want to make a deal, bring something to
the table."

Debbie started to sweat a little, the beads fine on her chin. Mary's eyes flitted
back and forth between us.  

"Let's start with honesty.  I knew you two have slept together," I said.

"How . . . ?"

"You told him!"

"No, I did not.  It must have been . . . "

"How did you know?"

"I guessed. You just confirmed it."

"You bastard, you tricked us!"

"Yes.  Now, let's be honest with each other for a change."

"All right, we have made love maybe ten or twelve times since we were
sophomores, but we have not made love to each other since we started to
date you."

"Debbie!"

"Well, it's true!"

"Honesty, ladies."

"Okay, honesty.  What do you want, Jack?"

"I want everything! Everything, ladies. Total surrender, which, to be honest,
you both enjoy very much.  I want two very loyal and loving little women.  I
agree you two will be the only women in my life.  I will never date anyone
else again . . .  as long as you keep our agreement."  

They both were fighting back grins, their eyes bright and shiny in happiness. 

"I will be the only man in both your lives . . .  no dates, computer or
otherwise. Just me."  

This was not much of a giveaway for them. Neither was dating anyone but
me, except for a rare, friendly drink after work.

"The sex will be wild and delicious, ladies, whenever and however I want. I
do expect a lot of energy and obedience!"

I got no verbal response, but, their body language told me I had a deal.  I
sweetened the offer because they were what I really wanted and I did not
want to let them get away. 

"I will go further. I will sell my house and buy one of those new luxury
duplexes.   Each of you can move in one unit and live next door to each
other.  We will be one big, happy family, a family with one husband and two
wives: two submissive, hot, sexy, wives."

"By everything, you mean?"

"Oh, for Pete's sake, Debbie, even I can figure that out!  I agree, Jack.  I will
do it.  I love you!  And, Jack, I know you love me and I know you love
Debbie.  You really are a special man . . . even if you are a bastard
sometimes!"

"Me, too. Everything.  And, I love you, too."

"I love you both of you. I love each of you . . .  equally!   I really do.  I hope
you believe that because it is true."

I waited for the touching moment to pass. Debbie was grinning like a
Cheshire cat.  Mary was smiling, with a single tear slipping down her right
cheek. 

"Now, Ladies, undress."

Once they mentally accepted the deal, neither of them hesitated. Debbie
raced to shed her clothes as Mary dropped her robe to watch her friend. I
took their hands and pulled them down beside me.  

"Is this your first threesome?" I asked looking at Mary.  She smiled shyly and
nodded "yes."  

I looked at Debbie. She was beet red. 

"Debbie?" Mary said.  

Debbie's lower lip quivered and she started to cloud up. I pulled her tight,
kissing her.  

"It's okay, baby. Tell me about it," I whispered in her ear.

"Jack, I am not a slut! Oh, I like being your slut when it is just us, the three
of us, but I mean, Carl (her ex-husband) shared me with a friend, more than
once.  I did not like it.  You are right about me.  I want to belong to my man.
Just to my man.  I..."  

I kissed her to silence her.  "That is all behind you. I will never share you
with another man."  

The red, and the anxiety, drained from her face.  

"Oh, Jack," she whispered.  

Mary reached across to stroke her friend's head in caring support. Slowly,
with apprehension, giggles, and the gradual loosening of inhibitions, the three
of us explored, learned and enjoyed each other. Intentionally, it was quite a
while before I penetrated either of them. By then, they both were totally at
ease and ready.  I enjoyed two hot, loving, squealing women, one riding my
mouth, the other my cock.   Then, I rested as they enjoyed each other with
abandon.  Again, I pleasured them.  It was everything I had dreamed of. 

As the three of us lay together exhausted from our activities and happy with
our new arrangement, we talked.  They were bubbling with excitement about
the three of us, the new housing we would have, being a big, happy family,
so to speak. I was surprised at their quick and amenable planning of all the
requirements of living as they lay naked on each side of me.  I almost felt the
odd man out.  Each was propped on an elbow as they carried on an animated
discussion over me.

Finally, I wrapped an arm tightly around each of them, holding them against
me.  

"One more bit of honesty, ladies.  Yvonne and I have never been lovers; I
never even kissed her.  I hired her to make the two of you jealous, to force
you to come to this conclusion: the conclusion the three of us should be one.
I would not trade either of you for two of her. I really do love both of you."

"God, what a bastard!" Mary said with a grin, love in her voice and eyes.

"Yeah, but he is our bastard.  One hundred per cent ours." 

The End

Please!  Give me your comments

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
