Emily's Adventures - XXIII (scat, food, WS, exhib)

Disclaimer: this is a work of fiction.

The girls have lunch at a local chain sandwich shop at their first day of school.

------------

﻿Emily's Adventures – XXIII

Disclaimer:  This is a work of fiction.


The girls arrived at the nearby Subway sandwich shop a few minutes later.  They ordered their sandwiches and sat down at a table by the window with their lunch.  The restaurant was full of students, and a minute later there wasn't a free seat left in the place.  They were rather hungry and tucked into their sandwiches immediately.  Emily chewed and swallowed a huge bite and reached for her drink.  She picked up the cup and discovered that it was empty.
	“Ohhh.” she sighed.
	“What's wrong sweetums?” Sara asked.
	“I forgot to get a drink.  Scoot out so I can grab one.”  Sara was sitting on the outside of the booth, blocking Emily from getting out.
	“I've got a better idea.”  Sara said with a smirk.  She grabbed Emily's cup and pulled it under the table.  She spread her legs slightly and slid forward on the bench so that she could hold the cup under her still wet cunt. 
	Without hesitation she relaxed her bladder.  Her short skirt certainly didn't get in the way, and she made no effort to move her panties which clung tightly to her shit covered ass.  The yellow urine flowed out of her cute little slit and filtered through the white cotton of her panties.  Before long the cup was almost full.  It was a good thing it was a large cup – when her bladder finally emptied the liquid was almost up to the lip.  She pulled the cup up, popped on the top and stuck in a straw.
	“There you go sweet heart.”
	“Thanks honey!”  Emily leaned in and kissed Sara appreciatively.  After their lips parted Emily stuck the straw in her mouth and sucked.  The girls watched as a yellow liquid climbed up the straw and dissapeared into Emily's puckered lips.  She drank greedily for quite some time before finally letting go of the straw with a smack of her lips and a loud, “ahhhh!”  Emily leaned over and gave Sara another kiss as way of thanks, but Sara held her close and forced her tongue into Emily's mouth, licking her own piss off the walls of Emily's cheeks. 
	When the girls finally broke apart, they noticed that Megan and Anna were up to their own  bit of fun.  At the moment they were busy stuffing bits of their sandwiches into each other's bras.  Anna placed two large slices of pepperoni into Megan's bra, which completely covered the girl's flat chest.  Megan had just slid slices of salami into Anna's bra cups, giving each tit a good squeeze before withdrawing her hands.
	They were all giggling furiously now and Megan shifted in her diaper uncomfortably.  Anna noticed and reached her hand behind her nine year old lover and slid it beneath the waisteband of the disposable diaper, slipping her fingers down until her middle finger just reached Megan's little anus.  When Megan felt Anna's finger pressing against her tight sphincter, she knew what to do.  She relaxed and within moments flooded her diaper with warm, mushy, sticky, poo.  She filled her diaper with such quantities that when she was done, she had actually raised herself a couple inches off the bench she was sitting on.
	Anna flicked her finger in and out of Anna's butt a few times, enjoying the gasps that escaped the little girl as she did so.  Finally she pulled her hand out of her lover's now full diaper and held it up for everyone to see.  It was completely covered in shit and smelled like it.  She wrinkled her nose and looked for something to wipe it on.  She picked up the top half of her sandwich and did her best to wipe it all off onto the bread, spreading it around evenly like mayonnaise.  The other girls watched in amazement as she finished, licked her hand clean, and then took a huge bite.  As she chewed she looked up and saw the others looking at her, slack jawed but impressed.
	Just then a girl approached the table.  She was about 5'6”, thin, with light skin.  Her hair was blond with streaks of red in it.  She had a small stud in her left nostril (a small and insuficient attempt at being 'alternative').  But most notable were her large, d-cup breasts which were practically bursting out of her tight, low-cut t shirt.  Her name was Felicity and she was a classmate of Emily's.  
	“Hey Em!  You never called me this summer, I thought we were going to hang out!”  
	“Oh, hey Felicity, I'm sorry.  I was busy with work and it never seemed like a good time.”
	“Are you still working in the mall?”
	“Yeah.  I got promoted to manager.”
	“Nice!”  Felicity didn't know what to say next, sensing she was being stared at by everyone at the table.
	“I'm sorry, let me introduce you.  This is my girlfriend Sara, that's my little sis Anna, and that is her girlfriend Megan.”  This was the first time that the girls had been introduced as girlfriends and it was exciting for all of them.  For her part, Felicity wasn't  sure how Emily had meant the word “girlfriend”.  She didn't know if she meant lover or just friend – she had had no previous indication that Emily was a lesbian, and thought it odd that both she and her sister would be lesbians, so she took it simply to mean friend.
	“Hi!  It's good to meet you guys.  I'm Felicity.”  Anna chewed on her sandwich and Emily took a long drink of her “soda”.  “Well, I'll see you around Em!”  Felicty turned and walked out of the restaurant. She was wearing skin tight jeans and they all watched her butt as she walked out, each imagining what it would look like when the jeans were being filled with shit.
	They finished eating and realized that they had to get back to campus for class. They were all in different grades, so as they got back to school they split up, each heading to a different class room.