Hot Family Next Door
By Perry Jones


	Chapter Two

	The apartment next to Peg's had been empty since the building became a co-op.  Poor old Mr. and Mrs. Billings couldn't afford to buy their apartment, so they moved to a retirement community in Arizona.  Peg missed the apple and blueberry pies Mrs.  Billings used to make and give her.  

	So it was strange to hear voices coming through the living room wall again.  Peg went right over to the wall and pressed her ear to it.  Sounds of furniture being set down and men's voices were coming from the next-door apartment.  Peg was excited.  She couldn't wait to see who her new neighbors would be.  

	But for a week there were no more signs of life.  Peg had almost forgotten about the next-door apartment.  Then, as she lay on the couch one afternoon, she heard voices.  

	Since she was reading her book on witches again, the voices gave her an eerie feeling.  

	Dave was at the office and Skeet, Peg's son, was in school.  Being alone and reading about witches- Peg was at the part of the book dealing with human sacrifices-the soft, unintelligible voices gave Peg the creeps.  But that didn't stop her from going to the wall and pressing her ear to it.  

	Now the voices were clearer, but not clear enough to understand.  She could tell that it was a man's and a woman's voices, though.  

	So Peg's new neighbors had finally moved in.  She was eager to meet them.  Peg went and knocked on their door.  She was bringing them a pie she had baked, but her main reason was simple curiosity.  

	There was no answer.  Peg knocked again.  She had heard voices just before leaving her apartment, so she must have just missed them, she thought.  But when she got back to her apartment the voices were still humming softly through the wall.  

	"I think there's something fishy going on next door," Peg said at dinner that evening.  

	"What?"  Dave asked.  "Are our new neighbors witches or something?"  

	"I knew you'd say that," Peg said.  

	"Yeah, I hope they are witches," Skeet said as he shoved a huge piece of pie into his mouth.  "I'll join them."  

	"I went over there to welcome them to the building and take them a pie," Peg said.  "But there was no answer.  Then, as soon as I got back, I heard voices coming through the wall."  

	"I think you'd better stop listening at the wall," Dave said.  

	"I wasn't listening," Peg said sternly.  "It so happens that when it's quiet in here, you can hear voices from the next apartment."  

	"They probably just want privacy," Dave said.  "I don't blame them."  

	"I'll bet they're criminals hiding out," Skeet said.  

	"Don't talk with your mouth full," Peg told her son, then dropped the subject.  

	The next day, though, there were voices sifting through the wall again.  Peg couldn't help pressing her ear to the wall even though she knew she wouldn't be able to hear what was being said.  

	The conversation was softer this time.  There seemed to be a strange quality to the voices, though.  Gradually, the voices became softer, then they merged into a sing-song chant and grew louder again.  

	Peg kept her ear pressed to the wall.  The first thing she thought of were the scenes of witches described in her book.  Witches had all sorts of chants and rituals.  

	Whatever was going on over there was stirring up a lot of excitement in Peg.  

	But suddenly all imaginings of the supernatural vanished from Peg's mind as she realized what she was listening to-a woman in sexual ecstasy!  How could she have been so stupid?  Dave was right all along.  She had let her imagination go wild.  

	Now that the sounds were identified, though, Peg remained with her ear against the wall.  After all, witchcraft wasn't the only thing Peg was interested in.  Sex was high on her list of favorite topics.  

	Never before had she been so turned on by the sounds of someone else fucking.  Soon, she was panting, and her cunt seeped juice into the hot crotch of her panties.  Each cry of sexual joy coming through the wall tore at her heart and made her long to have her own pussy filled!  

	She hadn't even noticed that she had lifted a hand and placed it on her own tit until she squeezed her fingers into the softness of her tit.  

	Then she gasped with pleasure, although she was shocked at her behavior.  

	There was no way she could resist bringing herself to a climax now.  If she didn't, there was no telling what the lust she felt might do to her health.  So, feeling foolish and silly, she began unfastening her slacks.  

	With a hand on her tit and another in her slacks, Peg was on her way to sexual ecstasy.  She even began to moan, but not loud enough to be heard by the fucking couple next door.  

	With her hand crammed into her undies, Peg grabbed her pussy, filling her fingers with her pudgy pussy mound.  Her fingers lay on either side of her tender cunt crack, being heated and moistened.  Just massaging her cunt mound sent waves of pleasure through her.  

	Usually Peg finger-fucked slowly.  But now there was some urgency-she wanted to come while the woman next door was still moaning.  

	So Peg spread the lips of her cunt with two fingers and entered her gaping cunt gash with her middle finger.  Right up her tight fuckhole she reached while continuing to massage her soft pussy mound with her palm.  

	"Ohhhhh!"  she cried.  

	The desperate cries from the other side of the wall seemed to be growing in volume.  Peg stirred her cunt vigorously, bringing herself to the verge of a climax.  But then she slowed her finger, maintaining her passion but not reaching for an orgasm.  She would ride the crest of this wave until the wails of lust next door began to subside.  Then she would trigger her own bliss.  

	Peg could play with her pussy like a musician playing his instrument.  Being a housewife had given her the opportunity to practice her masturbatory skills, and she had become an expert.  

	It seemed she would have some time to enjoy her passion now, so she let go of her tit and unbuttoned her blouse.  She toppled one tit free of her bra and lifted it toward her face.  She took her own erect nipple into her mouth and began sucking noisily.  

	It wasn't easy to stand like that: her ear to the wall, her legs bent and spread to give her access to her cunt, and her head lowered to her naked tit.  She looked ridiculous.  But she was also the picture of kinky perversion!  

	So when the door opened and her husband Dave stepped in, he was amazed at what he found.  Peg, of course, was equally amazed to be caught.  For several seconds, both of them stared at each other, too shocked to move.  Peg had let her tit slip from her mouth, though, and it quivered on her chest.  

	"What are you doing home?"  Peg finally said as she pulled her wet hand from her pants and stood up straight.  "I didn't expect you."  

	"Obviously not!"  Dave said as his eyes remained fastened to the disheveled woman.  

	Then Dave noticed the sound coming through the wall.  His eyes indicated as much as they left his wife and turned to the wall as though he could see through it.  

	"I couldn't help it," Peg said.  "I heard them and .  .  .  and I got horny."  

	Peg felt humiliated as she stared at Dave, tall, blond, perfectly dressed in his gray suit and red tie.  She was very aware of how she looked with her tit hanging out, her slacks opened, her wet hand held behind her back like a kid hiding the cookies she'd been caught stealing.  

	Suddenly, Peg turned and ran into the bedroom.  She threw herself onto the bed, hoping Dave would leave her alone with her misery.  

	When she heard him enter the room, she curled up, trying to disappear.  But Dave came to the bed, sat down and put a hand gently on her shoulder.  

	"Come on, honey," he said.  "Don't be embarrassed.  It's nothing."  

	But Peg curled up into a tighter knot.  

	"I don't blame you for taking the opportunity to masturbate," he continued.  "It's exciting to hear someone moaning like that.  I used to jerk off when I was a kid and heard my mother moaning like that down the hall."  

	This was interesting to Peg.  Dave had never mentioned his own private habits to her, and she found it exciting to think of him with his prick in his hand.  It didn't cure her humiliation, though.  

	"Yeah, but you were just a kid then," she said softly.  

	"Oh, I still jerk off once in a while," Dave said.  Now Peg was really interested!  "When?"  she asked.  

	Dave cleared his throat.  "Sometimes late at night when you're asleep.  Once I even jerked off in bed with you while holding your cunt in my hand."  

	Peg's humiliation was leaving her, and her lust was returning.  What Dave was saying now was exciting.  Suddenly, Peg saw sexual possibilities she'd never dreamed of before.  But could she make them come true?  

	"At least I never caught you," she whined as pathetically as she could, still sounding wounded.  

	"I know," Dave said.  "If you had, I would have felt as foolish and embarrassed as you do now."  

	Peg braced herself.  "Then let me see you jerk off."  

	Still lying face down on the bed, Peg waited with eagerness for Dave to say something.  

	"I .  .  .  I .  .  .  don't think I could," Dave said.  "Besides, I didn't really see you jerking off.  You stopped as soon as I came in, and you had all your clothes on."  

	There was another silence.  Peg knew what she wanted, and she forced herself to say so.  

	"I'll let you watch me if I can watch you," she said in a little girl's voice, which was appropriate for the childish request.  

	"All right," Dave said.  

	Peg rolled over and looked up.  She was smiling wanly at her husband.  Her tit was still visible, pushed up by her empty bra cup.  

	"Take off your clothes," Peg said, her voice suddenly seductive.  

	As Dave carefully removed his suit, tie and shirt, Peg stripped off her tight slacks, her blouse, her panties and her bra.  She leaned against the head of the bed and spread her legs.  Her pink pussy gash was wet.  

	Dave was soon as naked as her, and he sat on the bed with his legs surrounding Peg's.  His prick towered above his belly, nodding in approval of Peg's kinky plan.  

	"Go ahead," Peg said.  "You start first."  

	She was still reluctant to perform her secret exercise in front of Dave, even after fifteen years of marriage.  Dave, also shy about his private practices, slowly reached for his prick.  He wrapped his fist around his cock and began dragging the loose skin up and down over his hard-on.  He kept his eyes on Peg's face, watching how she stared so intently at his prick.  

	Breathing through her mouth, her eyelids heavy with lust, Peg reached for her cunt.  

	She spread her thighs farther apart, giving Dave a good view of her yawning cunt slot.  Her cute inner cunt lips opened, revealing the darkness in her fuck tunnel.  Her hand descended over her tawny pussy hair, and she dipped the tips of her index, middle, and ring fingers into her spread cunt gash, covering her clit.  Her pinky remained lifted daintily out of the way.  

	With a lazy circular motion, Peg rubbed her clit.  Her inner pussy lips and her soft cunt mound moved as they were stretched and pushed.  

	Peg and Dave went slowly while feasting their eyes on something they'd never seen before.  Peg loved the way Dave's balls bounced on his lower ass cheeks as his fist moved up and down his cock.  His body looked so taut and lean, with every muscle tensed.  

	Peg tried to give Dave a good show.  She exaggerated the motion of her own body, making her tits jostle.  So far, she had limited herself to the most rudimentary masturbatory motion- simply massaging her clit.  But she began fucking her fingers into her pussy, stretching her inner cunt lips as she buried her fingers into her body as far as she could.  Then, after a vigorous stir, she pulled them out and began massaging her clit again.  

	"Ahhhhh!"  She sighed as her lust mounted.  

	With her eyes still glued to her husband's prick, Peg caught one of her quivering tits in her hand and kneaded it just as she had been doing when he walked in on her.  

	She saw Dave's gaze pried from her cunt by the way she played with her tit.  Having him catch her finger-fucking made this the best masturbation session she'd ever had.  

	Peg decided to show Dave a trick she'd discovered only lately-a kinky trick that added excitement to her jerking off.  Letting go of her tit, she switched hands at her cunt.  Then she brought her wet fingers to her face and slipped them into her mouth.  

	Sucking the tasty cunt juice from her fingers brought Dave's eyes to her face for the first time since she began playing with her pussy.  But Peg didn't notice because her eyes were still fastened to Dave's swollen cockhead.  

	"Mmmmmmm," she hummed in delight at the flavor of her pussy cream.  

	By this time, Dave was forcing himself to go slowly.  Peg could tell by the way he was panting that he was getting close to sending his jism flying.  And since she wanted to come when he did, she pressed her fingers more firmly on her clit and rubbed it with a faster motion.  

	She stopped switching hands and sucking her wet fingers, too.  Instead, she grabbed her tit again and lifted it toward her face.  Again she dipped her head and began sucking her nipple.  

	"Aaaaaaah," Peg gasped when her tit slipped from her grasp and popped from her mouth.  

	But she recaptured her tit and held it tighter and sucked harder.  She was scrubbing her clit with a quick back-and-forth wipe now, as she always did when she was about to come.  

	"Mmmmmmm!"  She hummed, gagged by the tit in her mouth as she hit a fabulous orgasm.  

	"Hahhhhh," Dave gasped as the first shot of pearly jism leaped from his purplish prick head.  

	In the grip of dizzying passion, they looked into each other's eyes with affection.  But they quickly looked down again to where the action was.  

	Dave's prick became a Roman candle sending fireballs of jism into the air above his stomach.  His balls bobbed wildly with the motion of his pounding fist.  

	Peg's body was practically vibrating.  Her arm was a blur and her fingers on her clit disappeared like the blades of a fan disappear.  Her free tit danced crazily on her chest.  Her other tit was still held to her mouth in a claw-like grip of her hand, but with her frenzied shaking she wasn't able to keep her nipple in her mouth.  Rather, the nipple was wiped over her lips, cheeks, and chin.  Then, with a wail of ecstasy, Peg let go of her tit, threw back her head, and went into a fit of orgasmic bliss.  

	"Eeeeeeee!"  she squealed shrilly.  

	When she looked up again, Dave's hand was still, his prick shrinking.  Both hand and prick were draped with streamers of jism.  

	It took Peg a while to stop.  Her orgasms always died long deaths.  When she was also motionless, satisfied and exhausted, she and Dave looked into each other's eyes again and giggled like children.  

	Peg, her mouthwatering, crawled forward and licked Dave's jism from his prick, hand and belly.  Then she curled up beside her husband.  

	"That was fun," she cooed.  

	"Yeah, good thing I came home for lunch," Dave said.  

	"Oh, you haven't had a thing to eat.  What time do you have to be back at the office?"  

	"At one," Dave said.  "I've got a long afternoon ahead of me."  

	"Oh, Dave, you can't go back without having something to eat."  

	"Make me a sandwich," he said.  "I'll eat it on the way back to work."  

	Dave quickly dressed while Peg, still naked, threw a few slices of ham between two pieces of bread.  She hated to see Dave grab the sandwich and run out of the apartment.  

	"Oh, hello," Peg heard Dave saying in the hallway.  "You must be our new neighbors."  

	Peg wanted to run out into the hallway to see who her neighbors were.  But she was naked, so she had to forgo the opportunity to see those strange people.  


To Be Continued
