Metal scraped over metal as Abby searched for the lock by touch, still smiling over her shoulder at him, still looking like she was interested in him, in doing things with him--and then her door was opening. Opening to let him in. Tim took a deep breath and wiped his sweaty palms on his pants while Abby fumbled for the light switch. He heard the snick as she flipped it, but light didn't blaze forth. Instead, a soft glow filled the room ahead of him, and when he followed her in, he could see that it came from multiple strands of white Christmas lights strung along the walls and ceiling. Some of the strands had bigger, fatter bulbs, and after a moment he figured out that they were actually little skulls.

"Nice lights."

"Mmm," she said, wrapping her arms around him from behind. "Really set the mood, don't they?"

"Yeah." Tim wiped his hands on his jacket this time. He'd gone home with his share of beautiful women before, but Abby was different. He really wanted to impress her, but he wasn't sure if he was up to the task. "So, uh--"

"This way." Abby grabbed his hand and led him through a doorway to the right of a very odd-shaped couch. Her bedroom was also lit by the strands of lights, making it look ethereal. Like some fantastical harem. Or maybe a succubus's den. Not that Abby was a succubus, even if he did want her so much he was aching.

She wrapped her arms loosely around his neck and tipped up on her toes, drawing him into a kiss. Her lipstick was thick and waxy, but it didn't taste bad. Especially when Abby opened her mouth, meeting his tongue with her own.

"Mmm," she purred as she pulled back. "This is going to be so much fun."

"Yeah." God, he hoped it would be. He bent his head, intending to kiss her again, but she turned her head to the side so that they were cheek to cheek.

"Why don't you tell me what you want to do?" she whispered in his ear.

And there it was. The exact thing he'd been dreading. But he wasn't about to let a little fear and inexperience stand in the way of having a good time with this amazing, brilliant, really freakin' hot woman. He'd done his research. He could do this.

Tim took a deep breath, squared his shoulders, and took half a step back. "Take your clothes off," he said as commandingly as he could manage.

Abby raised her eyebrows. "Ooh, forceful. I like it."

Tim could only manage a nod. He wasn't sure if he should tell her to be quiet--his research was a little fuzzy on that point--but he liked it when she talked, so he figured it was okay. Even if she wasn't acting very...submissive.

Abby winked at him, then sat down on the edge of her bed. She started unzipping her left boot, drawing it down slowly so the buzz of metal on metal was loud in the quiet of the room. Then she leaned back on her elbows and propped her foot on his thigh. Tim swallowed; the ruffles of her short skirt had flipped up, giving him a clear view of her panties.

"A little help, please?" She rolled her ankle so the four-inch heel twisted in the fabric of his slacks. Tim grabbed her foot out of defense of his clothing, and it was natural after that to step back, tugging on the boot until her heel came free with a muffled pop. The top slithered over her calf, revealing thick black stockings with the leg and ankle bones painted in white. She pulled her foot back, then repeated the zip-lift-plant process with the right boot. Once both feet were free, she pulled her stockings off, one at a time, as elegantly as any old-time burlesque stripper.

"Are you just going to watch?" she asked as she started on her white school-girl blouse.

"I'm good," Tim said, although he wasn't sure what to do about his own clothes. Take them off himself? Make Abby do it? Leave them mostly on? It was too hard to think with Abby slowly slipping each pearl-white button through its hole. Her fingers were at her belly now, and he could see the satin of her bra peeking through the opened part above.

Then she stood up, shrugged off her blouse, and stepped up next to him. "I really think it's your turn," she said, and raised her hands to his tie. She had it unknotted and was working on loosening his collar before he realized this wasn't how it was supposed to go.

"Abby, wait," he said, catching her wrists.

"What's the matter?" The muscles in Abby's wrists tensed, matching the rise of her shoulders and the wrinkle in her chin. "Did you change your mind?

"No!" Tim cupped her cheek. He kissed her gently, and then sighed. "No, I'm sorry. I'm just not any good at this."

"Not good at what? At sex?" Thankfully, Abby sounded disbelieving, but Tim blushed anyway.

"No. I mean, I haven't had any complaints, anyway." He took another deep breath, but this was a lot more embarrassing that he'd thought it'd be. "I've never done anything like...well, like this." He rubbed his thumb over the closest stud of her dog collar, and her eyes went wide.

"Ohhhh. Oh, Tim, no!" Abby tugged him forwards, towards the bed, and pretty much forced him to sit. She straddled his lap, resting her hands on his shoulders. "I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression. Yeah, that kind of stuff can be lots of fun, but it's not the only way to have fun. I wear collars and chains and stuff because I want to, not because I'm hardcore about anything."

"Oh, thank god," he said, although he was sure he was a shade of red only found in Crayola boxes. "I tried to research what you might like, but there's so much stuff out there and, well, it's just not me."

Abby's eyes were wide again. "You did research? For me?"

"Um. Yeah?"

"That is so sweet!" Abby slid her hands up, burying her fingers in his hair as she kissed him fast and deep. Her breasts were pressed up against his chest and his hands seemed determined to find her butt, so he grabbed on and did his best to keep up. By the time she broke away, they were both panting hard. "I can't believe you did that for me."

Tim swallowed. "I just wanted things to be special. But I guess I'm not a...hinky kind of guy."

"It'll totally be special, no matter what we do." Then Abby grinned, running her tongue along her teeth wickedly. "But I think you're selling yourself short."

"Uh." No, he really didn't think he was, but he didn't want to tell Abby that. Especially after she returned to unbuttoning his shirt. "What do you have in mind?"

"The question is, what do you have in mind? Or rather, who."

"I don't think I'm following."

Abby pushed his shirt off his shoulders, then started on his belt buckle. "I was just thinking we could do a little role-playing."

"Oh," Tim said. This, he could do. "Like the swashbuckling pirate and his maiden captive."

Abby laughed, deep and throaty. "I knew you were a little hinky, Timothy."

Tim grinned. "So shall I be the pirate, or the maiden?"

"Ooh, tempting." Abby glanced over her shoulder, towards her bedside table. She looked back at him, eyes narrowed like when her mass spectrometer gave her particularly interesting data. "But I think I better save the strap-on for when we know each other's bodies better."

"Strap-on?" he asked weakly; apparently his version of role-playing was a bit different than Abby's.

"Yeah, you'll love it." Before he could say otherwise, Abby slid off his lap and started tugging on his waistband. Tim lifted his hips, and she pulled. On both his slacks and boxers. Which left him naked and hard, right in front of Abby's face. "Oh, Timothy. Very nice."

"Th-thank you," he said, tongue tripping as she slid her hands up his thighs, coaxing them apart. She cupped her hands under his balls, fingers nudging up against his perineum while she stroked her thumbs over the base of his cock. She rolled her palms like she was playing with a pair of those Chinese iron ball things that were all the rage a few years ago, and wow, he wasn't going to roll his eyes at those ever again. Then she bent forward, and Tim started calculating Taylor series in his head. He was sure he wasn't going to last longer than a couple of her deep, wet, sucking strokes, but he managed it, and she pulled off after the third. Before he could embarrass himself.

"So, role playing," she said, standing up. She unhooked her bra and let it drop to the floor, and stepped out of her skirt and panties just as casually. "You up for it?"

"Whatever you want," he said, even though he was pretty sure he wasn't going to be able to manage much of anything that required thought. Forget Taylor series; two plus two was tough math right now. Abby was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. Her skin was pale all over, pale enough that he could see the veins under the thin skin of her chest, spreading like an angel's wings above her breasts. Her areolas were large and purple-y pink, and a thin strip of dark blonde hair arrowed down to her labia.

"Cool. So who do you want me to be?" She set her hands on her hips. Her black nail polish made it look like her fingers were bleeding shadows. "Kate? Or maybe that cute redhead down in Evidence Lockup. Have you met her yet?"

"What?" She couldn't possibly mean... "You want me to pretend you're somebody I know? That we know?"

"Sure! Abby circled around to the side, tracing her finger over his shoulder as she crawled onto the bed. She surrounded him from behind, knees pressed into his hips, breasts pressed into his back, her hands wrapped around his shoulders as she pressed her cheek to his cheek. "Don't you ever think about doing it with people you know?"

"Well, yeah. You."

Abby giggled. "I think about you, too. But we're both here now, so try again."

"Abby, I don't know..."

"Okay, I'll start." Abby kissed his neck, then rubbed her face in his hair. "Mmmm. You smell so good. Like cedar. Or is it pine? Whatever. Sawdust smells so manly, Jethro."

"Gibbs?" Tim twisted out of Abby's grasp, turning enough that he could see her face. "Abby, if you want this evening to go anywhere at all, do not ask me think about Gibbs."

"Oops, sorry. I can see how he might be a little intimidating for you." She bit her lip. "Let's try this another way. Turn back around." She shoved on his shoulders, and Tim obeyed. Frankly, he was starting to lose interest. Not in Abby. But the games just weren't doing anything for him, and if they didn't do something soon, he was either going to lose his ability to perform, or have to go to the ER for priapism, like those Viagra ads warned about.

"Close your eyes," Abby whispered. Tim did. She shifted behind him, and then her hand snaked down his arm. She grabbed his hand and then brought it up to his cock. Tim sucked in a breath; his own hand wasn't exactly what he wanted, but being touched by anything right now was a very good thing. Abby curled her hand around his and guided him into a slow stroke. "There. Now, tell me what you think about when you do this by yourself."

"You," he said again, because it was the truth. Abby didn't stop him, so he went on. "I think about you, doing this. Touching me. Because you want me."

"I do want you, Tim," she said. "I want you to fuck me with your big gorgeous cock. I want you to pound me until I can't see straight."

"Oh, god." Tim bucked into their hands, but Abby clamped down, gripping him tightly enough that he didn't dare move.

"Later," she said. "First, tell me what else you think about. Do you ever think about Kate? About me and Kate together?"

Tim groaned. He nodded jerkily, and Abby rewarded him by moving their hands, faster this time. "She, uh." He licked his lips. "She'd be really nervous about it at first, but you'd convince her. Show her that it's just as natural as a man and a woman together."

"I totally would." Abby kissed his earlobe. "We'd go to her apartment, because she'd feel more comfortable there. We'd have a glass of wine--not enough to get drunk, just to relax--and then Kate would blush and ask me if she could tell me something crazy."

Tim could see it. Kate running her finger over the rim of her empty wine glass, guilty and embarrassed but too honest not to confront her feelings for Abby. "And after she tells you, you'd say the best way to know is to try it out. So you kiss her."

"The kiss is goood," Abby said. They were moving in a good rhythm now, working as well together on this as they did on computers. Tim tried to quiet his breathing as he waited for Abby's next words, but it was no good. He was too turned on. "So good that it gets wild and we start taking off our clothes. Kate's a little nervous, but she's so into it she doesn't hesitate at all."

"Yeah." Tim wanted to go on, but he was too close. The images were all jumbled up in his head. Kate and Abby writhing against each other, fingers and tongues moving to make each other come. "Abby..."

"Is that what does it for you Tim? Thinking about me going down Kate?" As soon as he nodded, she stopped his hand again, grinding down on his wrist with the heel of her palm to get him to comply.

"Abby, please. I'm dying here."

"Who else, Tim? What if we put someone else in the room with me and Kate? Maybe that hot redhead?" She let go of his wrist, and Tim immediately started pumping. "Tell me, or you don't get to keep going."

Tim shook his head. Her words were a viral mpeg, slipping a third figure into the fantasy before he could stop them.

"You know I won't tell anybody."

"Not the redhead." Tim wasn't even sure if he knew who Abby was talking about. He'd only been down to evidence lockup a couple times, and both times he'd been distracted by Tony's antics. DiNozzo was so juvenile. Everything that Tim hated in the jocks who'd teased him mercilessly until grad school. Except... With that smile and his soft eyes and the way he could turn serious and caring in an instant, he was completely different, too.

"I know you're thinking about somebody." Abby pushed his hand aside and took over. "It's me and Kate, tangled up together on her giant king-sized bed. We're so into it at first that we don't even notice you in the room. But then you climb onto the bed with us, with us and this other person, and it's so hot. We all want you so much."

Tim was close, so close. All he needed was a couple more strokes. He could feel Abby pressed up behind him, could see Kate smiling over his shoulder at her. Could hear a deep chuckle as he sucked in a greedy breath--

"Who else does it for you, Tim?"

"Tony!" he shouted, and came all over their hands in a rush. His whole body shuddered with the forces of orgasm and fantasy combined. Abby hugged him from behind, rubbing his upper arms and murmuring something in his ear. After a few seconds, his pulse quit throbbing behind his eyes, in his ears, and the pleasure started to ebb away enough that he could think again.

Mortification hit hard as he realized what he said.

"That was so excellently hinky," Abby said. "Thank you."

"Thank me? Abby, don't pretend I didn't say--" Tim stopped, unable to say that name a second time.

"I heard what you said, and I completely, one-hundred percent agree with you. Tony is hot." She cupped his softening cock in her hand, playing gently. "Although, maybe I should have started with the strap-on, after all."

Tim snorted. "Maybe later," he said, and turned around so that he could coax Abby towards the mattress. He might not be Kate, but he'd been told enough times that he was damn good with his tongue.