Harry thought the boy was his own age, but he couldn't keep from thinking 'boy.' He was even skinnier than Harry tended to be after summer at the Dursleys' and seemed at once tough and delicate -- brittle, Harry thought. Right now, he couldn't seem to decide what to do about Harry being between him and the man who had hired him.

"Hi. I'm Harry." Harry gave the boy a little push down into the seat of the hired car. "Don't worry about the Professor, just now. We have more elaborate plans."

He thought he saw Severus's cheek twitch in a repressed smile, but the boy looked, if anything, more uncertain. "Davey. You ... do some sort of specialty?"

He seemed to be studying Harry's clothes, and Harry, in a rush of amusement, suddenly understood. "Oh no! I'm not hired. He -- he's my chemistry teacher, at school. I'm staying over the holiday, and we decided to go somewhere where we could be, er, less discreet."

Severus was definitely smiling, now, if ever so slightly -- smirking, perhaps.

The boy frowned, working this through. Harry thought he must be a little bit stoned. "You go to a public school, then?" He focused on Harry. "You don't talk like it."

Harry was taken aback at this. Dudley didn't talk like it either, really. On the other hand, Davey might not know any public school kids. "I'm not really rich." Severus snorted, and Harry realized that this was patently false. "Or, I am, but I wasn't raised that way. My parents died when I was a baby, and I've gone to school on a trust fund --" close enough "--where they met, you know -- and just came into the inheritance."

Davey shot a canny look at Severus, and Harry didn't need Legilimency to see that he was thinking that the professor was bilking Harry of his money. He felt momentarily protective, but reminded himself that Severus might not mind that perception, Slytherin values being what they were. Still, he didn't like being seen as that naive. He laid a hand on Davey's thigh and ran it over the impractical half-sheer trousers. "This is a very interesting garment."

"Prout!" Snape barked, and it took a few seconds for Harry to remember that was his assumed last name. "Did I give you leave to touch?" 

Harry tried to look sullen, but he was inwardly delighted. Playing already, are we? "No, but -- isn't he my Christmas present, sir?"

The smirk turned full on him, now. "I did not say he was yours, Prout. Apologize -- now."

"I'm sorry sir. I didn't mean to be presumptuous." With the turn of his head hiding his expression from the prostitute, Harry dared a brief leer and lick of his lips at the end of the contrite-sounding words.

"Not to me, you dolt! To him!" Severus's lips tightened into a thin smile. "Nicely. Very nicely."

Hot with understanding, Harry slid down off the seat. "I'm sorry, Davey. Would you like me to make it up to you? I can give a really good blow job."

Davey shot Severus a look, and at his avid stare, nodded. He seemed almost to relax. This, Harry reflected, must be more familiar. He's probably thinking that's what it's all about -- the older guy wants to watch two young things going at it. Smiling to himself at his knowledge of more complicated things to come, he bent forward to undo the snap on the sheer trousers with his teeth. Underneath, it was held closed with velcro, which pulled open with a noise that was vulgarly loud, even over the car engine. The boy wasn't hard, but Harry had scarcely expected it, between the cold and the circumstances. He put his mouth a hair's breadth above the limp cock and breathed heat out onto it. Davey reached for his hair and began to swell slightly. Harry used his lips, just from the side, to encourage more, and Davey made a surprised sound.

"Don't you want --? I mean, I have condoms. Flavored. Not bad, really."

With what he knew about wizards and Muggle diseases, Harry hadn't worried about it, but Davey sounded a little disturbed. Harry wondered if he was worried about getting infected, or knew he already was, and was actually bothering to worry about Harry.

Severus saved him by reaching across to turn Davey's chin so that he could look into his eyes. Harry saw a small motion under his coat as he used his wand. "It is not necessary," Severus said softly, and Harry knew he was reinforcing that. "Not this time."

Before Harry could complete his task, they pulled up in front of the hotel. Harry gave Davey the long coat that they had brought and took him up to the room, leaving Severus to pay -- and presumably Obliviate -- the driver. Davey clutched the coat around himself and kept his head down as they crossed the lobby, leaving Harry to keep up a normal sounding chatter for both of them. He was silent in the elevator. It wasn't until they had got entered the top floor suite and Harry had closed the door behind them, that he spoke.

"This is swank."

He sounded frightened. Harry took his arm and led him to the couch. "Yeah," he agreed lightly, "swank. But it's work, right? Better than your usual places, I bet. And warmer." He grinned. "You can show off that outrageous outfit of yours and still be comfortable." When Davey compliantly began to pull off the coat, Harry caught at his arm. "Leave it on until you warm up. I'm going to explain the scenario to you while the professor sorts the driver."

"I'm warm enough," Davey insisted, squirming out of the coat. He looked tawdry in the sparkling halogen light of the suite. The revealing clothing was shoddily made, and his make-up intended for near darkness. A purple bruise marred the lines of his right arm, which had no perceptible muscle.

"Don't believe you," Harry said cheerfully, trying to push down a surge of protective feeling. He settled for pulling Davey against his side and dragging the heavy coat over them. "Relax, Davey. We have plenty of time."

Using the remote control on the end table, he dimmed the lights until the boy's heavy eyeliner was edging back into sexy.

"So," he said, "There's this boy at school who hates me. He's very arrogant, and very rich, and he looks a bit like you -- or like you'll look once we clean you up." Quite suddenly, the slow rise and fall of the boy's chest under his hand became nearly imperceptible. Harry stopped, confused.

"If you're going to hurt me, that's extra," the boy said quickly, his voice flat. "You can afford it."

"Oh!" Harry squeezed Davey's stiff torso slightly. "God, no. Not that at all. No, you're going to catch us -- your favorite professor and your least-favorite fellow pupil -- together, and threaten blackmail, and he'll give me to you as a bribe. You can be as nasty as you want, as long as you don't physically hurt me -- no spanking or whipping or anything, okay?"

The boy's body relaxed slightly. "I know how not to leave bruises," he offered.

"That doesn't matter. I don't enjoy it."

"Oh." Davey twisted around slightly. It was the most initiative he'd shown since they picked him up, and Harry's reservations about his ability to behave like Draco grew. "You'll like the rest of it?"

"Quite a lot, if you can do it decently. I know you're not an actor, so just try your best, all right?"

"Yeah, well, you're the boss, right? Or the professor is."

"Both of us, really. We're a team. Look to him for your lead, though." It was getting warm under the coat. Harry pushed it off of them and stood. "Come on. Let's go to the bathroom and get all that crap off your face." He cocked his head. "Or perhaps just most. And the professor wanted this in a sort of fantasy motif, so there'll be costumes." He grinned at Davey's blink. "I told you we had elaborate plans!"

And, he thought, as he led the boy into the palatial dressing room outside the loo, we need to clear whatever the hell you're on out of your system, and definitely give you that aphrodisiac that Severus brought along. Yeah, it's more sex, but you're going to enjoy this. 

********** 

When Severus entered the room, both boys were missing, the heavy coat was crumpled up on the sofa, and the bathroom door was closed. He hung it up beside his own and fixed himself a drink at the bar. When they finally emerged, the prostitute looking stripped and pale, he tapped the ash off his cigarette and put down the inane Muggle periodical that he had been attempting to read.

"Boy -- that room." He pointed to across the lounge area to another room. "Close the door, put on the clothes you find on the bed, and then come back out. Prout, I want to speak to you."

Harry hurried over as if he always came when called, but as soon as their rental had left the room, threw himself into the closest chair and snagged a cigarette.

"Your impressions?"

"Have any way to clear out his system? He's bloody wasted. I also don't think he has any real interest in sex, so you should give him that concoction of yours."

"That all seemed likely."

Harry shrugged and sucked on the cigarette so that the smoldering line of orange moved visibly down the paper. From the slightly unhappy tension in his face, Severus gathered that he hadn't considered what a hired boy might be like. He was certain of it, when Harry suddenly blurted out:

"I wish I could help him, somehow."

Severus looked away, at the darkness outside the sparkling window.

"You can't. We can make tonight pleasant. I can cure some of what is wrong with his body, and we can give him money. In the long run, however, it will make no difference."

"I could though."

"Perhaps." Severus let his tone show how much he doubted it. "But it would require a lot of time and effort, for one person and little chance of a return, and you have more significant battles, more relevant to your life."

That was clearly a bitter message to take, but Harry managed it, setting his shoulders back. With a stab of regret, Severus revised his opinion of his maturity up a notch.

"All right. But he leaves here fed, and rested, and in as good health as you can manage, and he has a brilliant time, tonight."

"Agreed." Not so much for his sake, Severus thought, as to not mar your pleasure with guilt.

Harry, indeed, seemed quite cheered. When their rentboy emerged, looking perplexed and uncomfortable in his Slytherin uniform, Harry laughed and stubbed out his cigarette.

"Come here, Davey," he called.

Severus saw the boy look to him, and nodded slightly. He rose to his feet as the prostitute drew near. "Sit down," he ordered. When the boy was seated, and Harry had firmly pushed him from the edge of the sofa to the back of it, Severus walked around behind him.

"No. Don't look at me. Look at Prout."

He slipped his wand from his sleeve and cast a cleansing charm on the boy's blood. He was not surprised to see him suddenly bend over, in pain, but Harry was. He wrapped his arms around the shaking boy and looked angrily at Severus. Severus smirked.

"Not accustomed to chemical normality, are you, little fool?" A second charm calmed suddenly over-stimulated nerves, and with a single loud sob, the boy relaxed. Harry was stroking his hair and murmuring to him. Severus tucked his wand away and walked back to the bar. When he returned with the potion, dumped into a shot glass to present a more normal appearance, the prostitute was sitting up, still pale, but alert. Admittedly, there was nothing customarily served in a shot glass that was red and fizzy, but it was still bound to look less odd than a glass vial, to a Muggle. "Drink this. It will help."

"But --" The boy bit back his protest, and nodding, took the glass and knocked it back. Within seconds, his cheeks were turning pink. From the way he shifted, Severus surmised that he was finding Harry's continued petting more than a little arousing. The shaky breath he let out caught Harry's attention.

"You should give that to me, sometime," he said approvingly.

"Are you mad?" Severus snorted at the very thought. "You'd kill me. You run quite hot enough, without."

"I suppose." Unselfconsciously, Harry stood. "Well -- time to get started?"

"Indeed." Severus caught Davey rocking his hips and smiled. "Has Prout explained matters to you, boy?"

"I guess. I'm supposed to catch you, and threaten to report you?"

"With craft and malice -- yes. Your name is Reynard -- Reynard Draper. Take from that what you will." From the boy's confused look, Severus doubted he had understood the reference. He pointed at a closed door. "We have a bit of a set in there." In fact, it was as complete a mock-up of his classroom as two hours of transfiguration could create. "Give us five minutes to get changed and started, and then you may come in. Your father, incidentally -- and you call him 'Father,' quite formally and loudly -- is terribly influential with the board of governors, as you never hesitate to remind me."

It was odd to watch Harry getting dressed before sex. Severus made a mental note to require the experience again, sometime. Harry stripped off his jumper and t-shirt, replaced them with a white oxford shirt and Gryffindor tie, and then put his school robes on top. Severus merely removed the glamor from his own clothing. Harry was looking pensive, which did not bode well; Severus waited only until the last eye was hooked before starting in on him.

"Late again, Prout?" he spat, closing the distance between them in two strides. "I suppose you believe your amusements are more important than my time?"

"I -- I'm sorry sir." Harry's voice sounded a bit strangled, as if he were trying not to laugh. "Neville just takes forever to come...."

At that, Severus choked on unexpected laughter and Harry dissolved into fits of sniggering.

"Er, sorry. Shall we try that again?" he managed finally.

"Brat! Yes, definitely. Or skip it and do something better with your mouth." Deftly and quickly, he opened the lower fastenings on his robes, while Harry slipped to the floor. By the time the door opened, he was braced back against the long student bench, struggling to stay with Harry's rhythm rather than just bucking up into his throat. Davey stood in the entrance, staring. Severus thought that his shock might actually be for the appearance of the room, but the effect was acceptable.

"Professor!" he managed finally.

"Hell!" Severus pretended to have just noticed him. "Inside, Draper -- and shut that door!"

The boy did. Visually, he didn't make a bad Draco, Severus thought -- the same pallor and pointed features -- but he didn't know how to stand as if he owned the world. Draco would have blustered or threatened, or sauntered in with deliberate slowness, but Davey just stepped inside. "And, professor?"

"And what? I'm just showing Prout his place in the world." Snape's hand twisted in Harry's hair, pulling slightly to start him moving again.

"I've always thought that might be it." The boy was actually trying for an upper-class accent, now, though it varied from word to word. "He certainly doesn't belong in your lessons." With that, he swaggered forward, quite clearly entranced by what Harry was doing. Severus reminded himself that he had given the boy a potent aphrodisiac. Indeed, he was impressed when the boy managed to tear his attention away enough to look him in the eye.

"You could get fired for this, you know. Go to prison if the school doesn't cover it up. If I tell Father...." He lowered a hand as he spoke, stroking up the back of Harry's neck, pushing his hair backwards. Harry rose into it.

"And what would you get out of that?" Severus argued. "No one's going to let you get away with the things I do."

"Perhaps. But I think you can offer better."

"Would you like a turn with him?" Severus presented the idea with evil grace. It was easy, now, to imagine this was young Malfoy in front of him, stroking Harry and growing pink with lust. "He's surprisingly ... biddable."

"And then I won't talk."

"Precisely."

"You think I want a blow job that badly?"

From the way the boy was shaking, he clearly did. Severus smiled slightly. "From Prout, you might. But I like his mouth right where it is. I thought perhaps you might bugger him. No need to wait, that way."

A small, spontaneous noise came from the boy. The potion was obviously doing its job. "I don't like waiting," he managed.

"Strip his clothes off, then -- we might as well get a good view." Severus pulled a vial from his pocket, belated realizing that he hadn't put it in some more Muggle vessel, and handed it to the boy. "By the time you've put some of this up his hole, you can probably push right in. He's always ready."

Harry squirmed and took him briefly to the root, at that, and Severus pulled his hair in response. After a moment, it risked crossing into too good, and he tugged back. "Let up, Prout, if you can possibly restrain yourself. I don't want to come until you've had a good taste of taking it at both ends."

Harry lifted his head, moaning. "Fuck, sir, want it...." The boy had given up on unfastening the school robes and just shoved them over Harry's head, muffling his voice for a moment.

"I can tell you do," he said nastily. "Gagging for his prick, aren't you?" He yanked the trousers down, and knelt to slide a knee between Harry's legs, rubbing it up and down his erection. "Hard just from having him in your mouth. You'll bloody explode when I do your arse."

"Can't help it," Harry protested. "Need more."

"I don't think this trade is really enough," the boy declared. "I think I want him anytime."

"Sir?" Harry asked pleadingly.

Severus forced himself to scowl. "You just caught us once, Reynard."

"But you'd be in gaol for years," the boy argued, sliding two lubed fingers into Harry and holding them there. His other hand slid around to encircle Harry's cock, and for a moment, his eyes closed. "Anytime, professor. If I go up to him in the hallway and push down, I want to be coming in his mouth five minutes later."

"Fuck," Severus swore, over Harry's voiceless whine. "Yes."

The boy laughed. "Oh, you like that, don't you? You'll get off on just thinking about it, so don't complain." Contrary to Severus's orders, he stretched Harry more. "And you'll like it too, won't you, Prout? Probably be trailing me around just hoping I will." With that, he positioned himself and pushed in, and Harry cried out. Quickly, before any real names could emerge, Severus filled his mouth. Harry came immediately, and the whore soon after. Severus came hard and slow, with his brain boiling with confused images of Draco, Lucius, and James.

He didn't, he realized, when blood and breath were moving at a more normal rate, expect Harry to run off and seduce Draco -- or even to want to -- and he didn't think he had raised any inappropriate feelings towards the younger Malfoy in himself. After another round, using rather less play-acting, he felt pleasantly sated. They pulled the boy with them into bed, and Severus was amused, rather than jealous, to see Harry asleep with an arm slung over the prostitute, as if he were a teddy bear.

In the morning, after he'd had an excessive amount of food sent up to the room and they had consumed most of it, Severus talked to the boy.

"The surety I gave the man for you is fake -- it means nothing to me. I will return you, if you wish, or leave you any other place in greater London. Choose."

The boy looked overwhelmed, and Harry concerned. "You can't want to go back, Davey. You have bruises."

Davey shrugged, tugging on the sleeve of his collared shirt. He had left off the robes and tie, but was otherwise dressed as Reynard Draper. "It's not like I have any other place to go."

"Is that your decision?"

"I suppose."

He sounded miserable, and Severus was hardly surprised that Harry intercepted him when he went into the bedroom for his coat.

"Greenwich."

"What?"

"Damage his memory and drop him in Greenwich. It's a chance, anyway."

"Why on earth do you think that will help him, Potter?"

"It's a nice town. There's a university. If he shows up with no memory, chances are they'll think he's a new student, right? He should be treated well while they try to find his family."

"Do you think they will?" Severus asked nastily.

"Of course not. Well, I hope not. Chances are they won't. And someone might take him in, in the meantime. He's rather sweet, really, isn't he?"

It was a ridiculous plan, but Severus knew he'd go through with it anyway. A statistically improbable number of Harry's harebrained schemes worked. Besides, cooperating pushed back the uncomfortable thought that he would, himself, have given anything to start seventeen anew.