Know the rules before you play.
by FunKelly

Know the rules before you play. Part 5

While all this was going on, I kept telling myself, it's no different than wearing my bikini to the beach. The problem was, there was no beach, and I was the only one wearing a bikini. It felt more like I was giving a speech in the auditorium at my college, wearing nothing but my bikini, but with no podium to hold my notes, or cover my shame. In reality, IT WAS WHAT IT WAS. I was on a stage in a public pub, in a foreign country, made more visible to the audience by standing on a pedestal, while wearing nothing but my bra and panties, trying to maintain my "It's all in good fun", smile, while everyone was cheering, laughing and whistling.

To my great relief, the wheel stopped on a Queen, and Leon called out his signature request, "Nathaniel! Please remove an article of clothing!", while pointing at him. Feeling the pressure was off me, at least for the moment, I watched, as Nathaniel slowly unbuttoned his shirt. He pulled it open, like Superman uncovering the "S" on his chest, revealing his well toned physique, to the pleasure of the women in the audience.

The one thing I did notice, as Nathaniel performed his little strip-tease for the crowd, was that the decibel level seemed far greater from the men, than from the women. Even though the crowd appeared to be evenly mixed, the men seemed much louder than the women. Still holding an iron grip with my pinkies, to the leg openings of my panties, I watched as Nathaniel removed his shirt, and placed it in the basket. The basket was again raised, as he returned to his pedestal.

With Nathaniel and I both down to two articles of clothing, Leon spun the wheel. So nervous and jittery, I was almost pacing on the 3' by 3' area of my pedestal. Ever so slowly, the Tick-Tick-Tick of the wheel went on, before finally stopping on "Audience Choice". I was relieved, since Nathaniel told me "Audience Choice" was rarely used, and only as a tie-breaker. My relief was short lived.

Leon stood center stage, touching his chin, as if deep in thought. He then said to the crowd, as I watched on the monitor, "Audience Choice is a tie-breaker, right?. Well both of our contestants have two articles of clothing left". The crowd started going crazy, as he continued, "That's a tie, isn't it ? What do you all think?" They went wild, and started chanting, "Audience Choice! Audience Choice!", in German. They were so loud and in sync, the words appeared in English on the monitor.

I stood there in my bra and panties, and started pointing at Nathaniel, as a playful gesture for the audience to pick him to remove his shorts, knowing deep down, I was about to be topless in front of 200 screaming people. Leon was playing the audience, as he was pointing out our individual physical attributes, while running from my pedestal to Nathaniel's. He finally stood center stage again, and announced, "It's all up to you people! Who takes it off ?"

The decision was to be made by "Audience Response". Whoever received the loudest cheers from the boisterous crowd, had to remove one of their two remaining articles of clothing. I knew my bare breasts were soon to be on display, to the applauding crowd. I was mentally preparing myself for the ordeal, focusing on the wheel as a distraction, awaiting a reprieve that was not to come. After all, I knew I was about to hear the results.

Leon started with Nathaniel, and the volume of the crowd was thunderous, giving me a ray of hope. He then made his way over to me, pointing as if he was displaying a potential prize for a game show contestant. The noise was absolutely deafening, as Leon screamed into his microphone, "Gina! You heard the audience! Please surrender an article of clothing! I took a deep breath, reached behind my back and unclasped my bra. I quickly slid the straps over my shoulders, pulled it completely off, then made my way to the lowering basket, to the absolute delight of the audience.

Once the basket had been lowered, I placed my bra with my sandals, skirt and T-shirt, then watched, as it was raised ten feet in the air. Nathaniel was laughing hysterically on his pedestal, while giving me a double thumbs up, as his infectious smile was somehow reassuring. I turned towards the crowd, then played with my tits for a split second, in an attempt to show I was going to be a "Good Sport" through the nightmarish ordeal.

I returned to my pedestal, placing my hands, once again on my outer butt cheeks, leaving my size "C" breasts on display, to the amusement of the roaring crowd. I was laughing along with them, trying to portray an attitude of indifference towards the humiliating experience. Knowing Leon would drag this segment of the game out for as long as possible, I turned to the monitor to see what he was saying to the audience.

He walked back and forth across the stage, saying things like, "Doesn't Gina have the most beautiful pair of tits?. They're not too big, and they're not too small. They're just right", bringing everyone's attention to my bare breasts, as if they weren't already looking. I would lean over, or back, still laughing along with the audience, knowing I must have been 'Beet Red'. "I'd say they are about a size "C", he continued, to the enjoyment of the crowd, and my personal embarrassment.

Still, I maintained my composure. At least as much as anyone could, under such humiliating circumstances. He then called out through his microphone, "Ladies, am I right?". For the first time during the game, the women in the pub, made more noise than the men. I was jittery and becoming impatient, when I unknowingly started to bounce up and down on the balls of my feet. The audience soon started pointing to my tits, as they were taking the bouncy ride, along with the rest of my body.

I stopped bouncing immediately, but was unable to remain perfectly still. FINALLY!, Leon returned to the wheel. Before spinning it, he turned to the crowd, and asked, "Will Nathaniel loose his shorts?", pointing at him. "Or will Gina end up naked?", now pointing at me. My level of anxiety was overwhelming, as the audience roared with laughter, while screaming out their opinions in German. I just wanted it to be over with.

Leon spun the wheel harder than any time in the game, extending the game for a few more precious seconds. I just watched, as the wheel didn't seem like it would ever slow down, and stop. When it did finally stop, I found myself wishing it had continued. It landed on a King, to the great amusement of the screaming crowd.

You guessed it. Leon called out," GINA!... PLEASE... REMOVE... YOUR... LAST... ARTICLE... OF... CLOTHING !", while looking at the crowd, but pointing to me. Leon had even found a way to extend the game a few additional seconds, by slowly making his final request of the game, for clothing. Unfortunately, that article of clothing was the last vestiges of my modesty and my dignity. My panties.


Know the rules before you play. Part 6

I kept remembering what I was thinking, when I first agreed to play the game. "So what? You could end up naked in public. Big deal. You don't know any of these people". I pulled down my panties, stepped out of them, then twirled them on my index finger above my head, before stepping off my pedestal and heading towards my basket. The audience response was so positive, I dropped the panties into the basket, then spun around 360 degrees, giving everyone a complete perspective of my naked body.

Even Leon was impressed, as I stepped back up on my pedestal, faced the crowd, while putting my hands back on my butt cheeks, giving them a full frontal, wearing nothing but a smile. He put his microphone down, turned towards me, and started clapping, along with the applauding audience. I can't explain how the two emotions of, 'Total Exhilaration' and 'Utter Humiliation', collide, when your standing completely naked, in front of a cheering crowd, made up of two hundred clothed men and women. It was so intoxicating.

I took a sigh of relief, still laughing with the audience, figuring I only had a few more minutes until my clothes would be returned to me. Leon called us both to center stage, to preset Nathaniel with the 200 euros he had won, and return our clothes to us. Or so I thought. I would soon realize why you should "Know the Rules, Before You Play the Game".

Leon presented Nathaniel the envelope of euros, with his usual 'Time Consuming' ceremony, leaving me standing there naked for all to see, for as long as possible. I had little option but continue to be a "Good Sport" about it. I clapped, along with the audience, as Nathaniel received his prize money. After Leon finally handed over the envelope, I noticed only Nathaniel's basket was being lowered. I was wrong again, when I assumed my basket would be lowered next.

"Maybe he was just embarrassing me for a short while longer", I thought to myself. After all, I was the loser in the game. I crossed my arms, displaying some nice cleavage for the crowd, while giving Leon an 'Expression of Suspicion', that could only be interpreted as, "O.k. Leon. Very funny. Now can I have my clothes back?", as Nathaniel was putting his back on. I knew Leon didn't know much English, but figured he'd understand me, when I asked, "Leon. When do I get my clothes back?" His reply would stun me.

"Gina. You get your clothes back, when the game is finished, of course". Being very careful not to undo the persona, I had carefully crafted throughout the emotional and physical degradation of the contest, I displayed a sheepish grin, and asked, "What do you mean, when the game is finished?", feeling incredibly vulnerable. The audience was dispersing from in front of the stage, and returning to their tables, bar stools and areas where they were gathering. Most remained in the pub however, and I was still in full view of everyone,

In his heavy German accent, Leon explained the conditions of the waiver I had signed. "Gina. The winner gets the 200 euros, and his or her clothes back. The loser gets the opportunity to make some money of their own, by serving pitchers of beer to the customer for tips. It's not hard. All you do is fill their beer glasses. When the pitcher is empty, you return to the bar for another one. I felt myself gulp, as I desperately tried to remain calm. I was about to quietly ask him if we could skip that part, since I didn't know German, and was unaware of this second part of the game.

I never got a syllable out, when he turned to the crowd, who were now dispersed throughout pub, and asked, speaking into his microphone of course, "Anybody Thirsty?", in English, which I knew was for my benefit. They must have understood, because they began cheering again, while holding up their empty, or almost empty glasses. He took my hand, and led me down the stairs from the stage to the floor, as I looked to Nathaniel for assistance.

Although he was little help, Nathaniel did stay within three feet of us, as Leon led me to the bar to pick up my first pitcher of beer. I so wanted to chastise Nathaniel for leaving this part of the game out, when he explained the game rules to me earlier in the day, but was concerned that any crack in my emotional armor, may be exploited by some in the crowd. Leon then put a wristband on my left wrist, which had a small pouch attached, for my tips. It was so surreal.

The cold tile floor beneath my feet, was a constant reminder of my public nudity and shame. I could feel myself squirming, as I held my first pitcher, waiting for instructions. Leon looked at me, then gave the "On Your Way Girl", motion. I only had to take one step, when the first empty glass was held out before me. I filled the glass, then another and another were held out. Within sixty seconds, the pitcher was empty, and I had only ventured six feet from the bar.

Nathaniel stayed with me, as I poured pitcher after pitcher to the thirsty customers. I was so busy filling glasses with beer, I had little time to dwell on the humiliation of my public nakedness. For that, I was grateful. It took fifteen minutes to top off all the glasses, before I had a moment to confront Nathaniel, for setting me up. "Why didn't you tell me about this?", I asked, in a stern but low tone. He seemed so remorseful, as he answered.

"Gina. I had no idea you would actually agree to play. So when you did, I was afraid you'd back out, if you knew. Truth is, I won the first time I played, and was hoping to lose tonight. I wish I was the one who was naked, and serving the beer". Believe it or not, I actually felt sorry for him. I then asked, "How long do I have to serve the beer?" He told me it would be an hour, until my clothes were lowered in the basket. With fifteen minutes already gone, I decided to soldier on, and continued filling beer glasses without so much as a pubic hair for cover.

I will say this. "Not speaking the language turned out to be a benefit. I could read the expressions of appreciation, lust and even innuendo, on the customer's faces, but could also imagine everything they were saying to, or about me, was complimentary and nice. After my second trip around the pub, I noticed I was hearing the same few German words being used over and over. I couldn't pronounce them, yet alone understand them, so I asked Nathaniel what they were saying. His answer would both humiliate me even further, and arouse me at the same time.

He nonchalantly replied, They're just repeating something Leon said on stage, when you returned to your pedestal, after placing your panties in the basket. "Well. What did he say?", I inquired. Nathaniel replied, quoting Leon, "Don't those perfectly plump pussy lips make for such a nice smooth mound? Look! All her goodies are tucked neatly inside", referring to my labia and my clitoris. I looked at Nathaniel in horror, when he said, "Gina. It was a compliment".

"That's what everyone's talking about?, I asked. Nathaniel snickered a bit, as he replied, "Well. They like your tits and your ass too". Not sure of who might have understood out conversation, I looked towards the basket holding my clothes. With it still suspended ten feet above the stage, I abruptly turned, and made my way back to the bar, even though my pitcher was still half full. I leaned on the bar to catch my breath, and regroup, unable to deny I was completely turned on by the recent revelation.

I took a deep breath, and another full pitcher of beer, then headed in a direction away from Nathaniel, and those who were discussing the attributes of my clean shaven pussy. I must admit, it was titillating to say the least, but now I needed some space. I continued filling the glasses of the customers, wondering if their thoughts were also consumed by my clean shaven pussy. For some unknown reason, I started to enjoy my naked task.

Eye contact and facial expressions were all the communication I needed, as I continued to fill glass after glass, feeling liberated, if not downright horny. After enjoying my naked servitude for a while, I happened to notice my basket had been lowered. I returned to the bar for another pitcher of beer, where I was met by both Leon and Nathaniel. "How long have my clothes been down?", I asked in a somewhat irritated tone.

They looked at each other, then back at me, when Nathaniel replied, "About twenty minutes, or so". "And you didn't tell me?", I asked, in an even more irritated tone. "Gina. They are your clothes, and your responsibility sweetheart", Leon replied. "Perhaps you are enjoying your little naked adventure more than you thought you would, yes?" I was completely silent, as Leon suggested we check the amount of my tips. He counted my tips right there at the bar.

"228 euros!" he exclaimed. It was now 10:50 at night, and Leon made a suggestion. "Why not serve beer until midnight? You may make up to 300 euros, maybe more". "That's $356.00 American dollars", I thought to myself. Leon was right. "Why not?" Everyone here had seem me totally naked for over an hour now, I reasoned to myself. I never did give an answer. I just took a pitcher of beer, and made my way around the pub, filling glasses.


Know the rules before you play. Part 7

The time was flying by, as I noticed the tip amounts were consistent with the level of intoxication, for most of the customers. The more drunk they were, the better the tip. Not knowing the language, I smiled and kept my female parts on display. My tits, my ass, and of course my pussy. Even on a Tuesday night, the pub had a few latecomers. Most were surprised to see a naked girl serving the beer, but all seemed good with it.

Midnight rolled around, and although I had become completely comfortable with my public nudity, I was getting tired. I rejoined Leon and Nathaniel at the bar, and we recounted my tips. 277 euros! $330.00 American dollars. Combined with Nathaniel's winnings, our 477 euros, was worth $568.00. It was day six of my two week trip to Hamburg. With eight days remaining, the $568.00 dollars would allow Nathaniel to show me some key point of his beloved city, that we would otherwise not have been able to visit.

I walked up the stairs to the stage, retrieved my clothes and sandals from the basket, then got dressed, while those still in the pub watched. Nathaniel and I thanked Leon, for what was best described as an "Interesting Evening". We walked the few blocks to Nathaniel's parents place, where I fell on the couch, physically, mentally and emotionally exhausted.

I woke the next morning to the smell of fresh coffee brewing, and bacon sizzling on the stove, still on the couch, where I fell asleep after my evening of public exposure. Nathaniel was wearing nothing but his rainbow colored, low cut bikini briefs, which I had seen several times before, that made him that more appealing to me, even if he was gay. I sat up and smiled at him, rubbing my eyes, recollecting my evening of public nakedness, with some humility.

"Good Morning, "My Favorite American!", Nathaniel announced. "Coffee?", he asked, while placing the cup of morning brew, on the coffee table before me. I had seen Nathaniel high-spirited before, but this time he seemed more exuberant. "So what does my 'Little Naked Beer Serving American', want to do today?", he asked, as he laughed. Neither Nathaniel or I had much money, so $568.00 would really expand our options of things to do. I told him I wanted to walk down to the river again, and see what struck me.

We drank our coffee, had our breakfast, then got dressed to go out. We made our way down to the river side park by 10:00 a.m. Just ordering an expensive cup of cappuccino, felt like a treat. Sitting outside the café, I noticed a modern Viking Long Ship cruising passed us. I told Nathaniel how much I would like to take one of those cruises, when he said, "I have a cousin at the booking agent, and she says that they have a one night (Saturday) weekend excursion that cost 400 euros, for an entry level private bunk.

I knew immediately, that I didn't want to spend most of the money, Nathaniel and I received for our participation in the roulette strip game, not to mention my time serving beer, in the nude, so I dropped the subject and we continued to walk around the city streets. After strolling through an area of historical significance in the city, for almost an hour and a half, we started to make our way back to the Nathaniel's parents home. We passed by Phillip's strip club as we went to the river side park, and were approaching it again on our way back.

Phillip was outside smoking again, but this time looking distressed, as he paced back and forth, before the strip club entrance. We walked up to him, and Nathaniel asked, "Phillip. Is something wrong?" Phillip replied in German, "Abagail had to leave town for three days for her uncle's funeral. None of the other girls can fill in. I don't have a lunch time stripper for the next three days". Nathaniel interpreted, as Phillip spoke. I called out, without giving it a moments thought, "How much does it pay?"

Nathaniel looked at me, with an expression, that could only have been interpreted, as to ask, "What? Gina, are you crazy?" "Maybe we can go on the Saturday night cruise, and still have some money left over", I exclaimed, while indicating with my eyes, for Nathaniel to repeat my question to Phillip. He asked Phillip my question, in German. Phillip looked me over, then replied, also in German, "I know she has a nice body, and looks great naked, but has she ever stripped professionally before?" Nathaniel again interpreted as Phillip spoke, forgetting one very important detail was about to be accidently uncovered.

Caught by surprise, I asked Phillip directly, "How do you know I look great naked?" For the first time I heard him speak in English, and his answer would floor me. "I SEE LIVE STREAM LAST NIGHT!", he said, with such exuberance. "WHAT?", I asked, noticeably stunned. He then repeated, "Live Stream. You. Live Stream. Last Night", as he made a circle with his finger, depicting the roulette wheel that was used in last night's strip game.

I turned to Nathaniel, and with a low, yet firm tone, asked, "Nathaniel. Do you have something you'd like to tell me?" He gave me this, 'Caught With My Hand in the Cookie Jar', smile', and said, "You got 16,000 likes?", spoken more like a question than an answer, coming across as both guilty and contrite, at the same time. Feeling infuriated and perturbed, I turned from Nathaniel towards Phillip, and asked again, "How much does it pay?" His English was so limited I had no choice but to let Nathaniel interpret for us.

After listening to Phillip and Nathaniel speak in German, for a moment, Nathaniel turned to me and said, in a sheepish tone, "The two hour shift pays 50 euros per day, plus tips. The average girl makes 90 euros per shift. If you fill in for the next three days, you can expect to make about 270 euros, or about $325.00. You would need to strip on stage for those sitting around it, and mingle with the customers at the bar and tables. Phillip will tip you off when it's time to leave and return to the stage".

Listening to Nathaniel, but a bit distracted by the revelation that last night's strip game, along with me serving beer to the customers, while completely naked, was broadcast to thousands of people, I became both aroused and flattered. I then asked Nathaniel, "Really? 16,000 likes?", tilting my head and displaying a coy smile. He smiled back, and said, "Yes Gina. 16,000 likes. I have a recording if you'd like a copy", looking relieved that I was visibly less upset about not being informed about last evening's live streaming. "You bet I do!", I replied.

Nathaniel then asked me, "Are you wearing matching bra and panties?" A bit confused, I replied, "Yes. My lime colored ones, but why does that matter?" He told me that I would be wearing only my bra and panties when I first step on stage. If my bra and panties did not match, I would start out, wearing only my panties. Phillip did not want the customers to think he just picked up anyone off the street to strip, so matching bra and panties were a must. All I could think to myself was, "That was exactly what he was doing". Phillip looked at his watch, then indicated, if I was going to do this, I had to start soon.


Know the rules before you play. Part 8

I instructed Nathaniel to contact his cousin about Saturday night's cruise. I told him to see if we could still go, or was it booked up already. I then followed Phillip into the dimly lit club, and started to take a mental head count of the customers. There were about twenty five men, sitting at various location throughout the club, but none were at the stage yet. Phillip showed me to the room behind the stage, while a small round of applause came from the patrons, as I walked by them.

The room was where the girls prepared for their shifts on stage. It had a few small lockers, a couch and two chairs, with four full length mirrors placed around the space. I removed my T-shirt, Sandals and shorts, then stood before one of the mirrors. Standing there looking at my refection, dressed in only my lime green underwear, I started wondering what the hell I was doing.

Remembering how Abagail was so nonchalant as she was completely exposed on stage, only feet from the customers, along with her casual demeanor, as she spent time totally naked on the main floor, in view of those at the bar and tables, was helping to build my inner courage. Also on my mind, were my own escapades from last night. I again reminded myself that I didn't know anyone, so it was no big deal. Just then, the bell on the dance floor rung out, indicating it was time for me to begin my first ever striptease. After one last look at myself in the mirror, I took a deep breath, then made my way out onto the stage.

When I stepped out from behind the curtain, I noticed there were six men now sitting next to the stage, looking up at me in expectation of getting close up views of my most private areas. It was so surreal. I was determined not to let them down. The cold wood surface of the stage below my feet, was a reminder that I was prancing around in nothing but my bra and panties, and would soon be completely naked for the viewing pleasure of the men.

I walked around the stage, moving my hips and making eye contact with each of the six men, remembering I was here for one reason. The money. By the end of the first half hour, I had made my way around to each of the six men several times. had stripped completely naked and was laying on the stage in front of them, in positions even I couldn't believe, collecting euro after euro, then placing them in the bucket.

Phillip then waved for me to come down off the platform, to allow those not sitting at the stage to get a close up view of my naked body. The cold tile floor brought me to a heightened state of arousal, as I approached to first two men, sitting at a table. Once again, not speaking the language was a advantage for me. All I had to do was smile, and pretend the men's comments were pleasant and complementary, as they stared at my tits and my clean shaven pussy.

As I was making my way around the floor, six more guys, in their early twenties walked into the club. They all ordered beer, then took seats at the stage. Phillip gave me a head nod, to return to the stage. I first made my way around to those who were already at the stage, feeling a sense of allegiance to those who had already tipped me so well. Down on all fours, I made my way over to the six newcomers, They were all smiling, as I faced away from them, placing my ass and pussy only feet from their view, gyrating, while I looked over my shoulder to see their expressions.

Based on the euros left on the stage, my performance was satisfactory. The remaining time of my first risqué and public performance went much the same, as I found the attention intoxicating. Close to the end of my shift, I had made 114 euros. $136.00 U.S. dollars, and found myself disappointed that it was almost time to put my clothes back on. With less than ten minutes remaining, two girls had arrived to work their time on stage. Happy I had to appear alone, I found that being the only one naked among the thirty plus men in the club, was exhilarating.

One of the new girls rang the bell, indicating it was time for a change in exotic dancers. I made my way to the stage, retrieved my underwear and tips, then walked passed her, to the room behind the stage, still disappointed my time of public nudity, had come to an end. The other stripper in the room smiled at me, but due to the language barrier, we were unable to communicate. I smiled back at the girl, reluctantly got dressed, while anticipating my shift, scheduled for the next day.

I met Phillip at the bar, where he paid me my money. I told Nathaniel to let him know we would be back the next day, then took his hand and led him out of the strip club. Only minutes from Nathaniel's parents place, I looked at him, and said, "We'll talk about last night's Live Stream later. Right now there's something you're going to do for me". He seemed befuddled, but followed as we swiftly walked to his parent's home.

Once inside the home, I went to his parent's room, retrieved my favorite sex toy from my travel bag, stripped off all of my clothes, then instructed Nathaniel to follow me to his room. I laid out on the bed, handed him my toy, and said, "I want you to tell me what the men in the club were saying about me, while you bring me to an orgasm". Nathaniel smiled at me, took the toy as I spread my legs wide open, and did as I instructed.

Hearing what the men were saying about my body, and my attitude towards my first stripping experience, was so titillating, I climaxed in a matter of minutes. Completely satisfied, I looked at Nathaniel, and asked, "What should we do next?", still laying there with my legs spread wide open, and unable to control the expression of sexual gratification on my face. He smiled as he looked down on me, and said, "Gina. Why don't you pick a place off your list to see this afternoon. Then we can get a bottle of wine, come back here and watch the 'Live Stream' recording together. It'll be like our movie nights back at college".

His idea was perfect. I showered and got dressed, then we headed for the Art Museum. After the museum, we picked up some food and wine for dinner, and spent the evening cooking and watching the Live Stream recording. Nathaniel wore nothing but his bikini briefs, and I had only my panties on, which had become our custom back home. Watching myself up on the stage, removing one article of clothing at a time, while keeping myself exposed, until I was completely naked in front of the cheering crowd, was euphoric.

The next two days were pretty much the same. Coffee and breakfast in the morning, followed by a sight seeing walk around the city. Then off to Phillip's Strip Club, for my early afternoon naked romp around the stage and main floor. Phillip had posted a sign out front of the club, that read, "AMATEUR AMERICAN TOURIST. from 12:00 until 2:00" This increased the size of the audience by half. Curiosity seekers, wanting to meet the American girl, who flew half way around the world, so she could expose her tits, ass and pussy to a bunch of strangers, I guess.

Believe it or not, the sign helped to relax me a bit. If the crowd, which now included some women, knew I was an amateur at exotic dancing, their expectations may not be as high. All I knew is that it was no longer about the money, which ended up being 40% more that I was hoping for by the end of my Friday shift, but the intense thrill that could only be achieved by being the only one naked among a group of clothed people.

Nathaniel was completely supportive of my new venture, watching as I had systematically become addicted to showing off my naked body to strangers. Having gotten the last bunk room on the cruise for Saturday, my earnings would allow us other adventures for my second week in Hamburg. I finished my shift on Friday at 2:00 pm, once again disappointed that I had to put my clothes back on, but feeling exuberant that I stripped in a public club, for the last three days. Nathaniel and I went on our cruise, and I thoroughly enjoyed my remaining time in Hamburg, bringing home memories I would never have dreamed of.

THE END