JAMIE

BY TOMMY

Part 1

Jamie looked at Elaine, his foster mother in horror. "B..but
she's a teacher!" he said, incredulously. "I can't spend the
summer with her! Can't I come with you?"

Elaine looked down at the twelve year old boy and laughed. She
felt fond of the boy, that was true. It was fun having him
around, though if the truth were known, her reasons for accepting
a foster child had been born more out of a sense of duty than a
need for her own child - something she could never have. "For
goodness sake Jamie, what difference does the fact that she's a
teacher make. School finishes next week and Jeff and I have to be
in Australia till September." She paused. "Jeff's never had such
an important contract before. We're going to be rushed off our
feet - and you'd be bored out of your mind."

She saw the concern in the boy's eyes. "What on earth are you
worried about? Miss Turner is your form teacher. I think it's
very kind of her to offer to take you for the whole summer." Her
eyes twinkled as she tousled Jamie's hair. "Besides young man,
your school report was quite dreadful. Miss Turner's not too
happy either. I talked to her on the phone last night and she
wants to go over some of your schoolwork with you. She was
shocked that you've done so badly and she said she's going to get
to the bottom of it!"

The last sentence made Jamie turn pale. Of course he couldn't
tell his foster parents everything - could he? No, he'd be in
even more trouble. He sighed and went outside, picking up an old
discarded copy of the Beano on the way.

He'd had Miss Joyce Turner for two years now. Two very strange
years! He swallowed nervously. It was all his fault wasn't it.
Messing about in class, swearing, being cheeky. He wondered why
she'd never sent him to the Headmaster. Every time she'd simply
written something down and given him a long hard look. Even when
he'd missed whole classes - something that would normally earn
him a very hard caning - she'd done nothing.

Of course, by rights, he should have been sent to the Head
hundreds of times. This was the seventies. The few times he'd
been sent by other teachers, he'd been dealt with in the standard
way; a short lecture followed by the curt order to touch his
toes. Old Mr Caxton always seemed more angry at having his peace
disturbed than by the actual transgressions of the children sent
to him. Jamie couldn't remember ever receiving more than three
strokes, and even those were delivered so fast that he was
outside the study door before the pain registered. Not that the
pain was that great of course. It stung like crazy but seemed
somehow to be soon forgotten.

Jamie suddenly remembered how the school had changed in the last
few weeks and he shivered.

Though Mr Caxton had obviously been advanced in years, it was
still a surprise to learn of his retirement on grounds of ill
health. The appointment of a new Headmaster had been almost
immediate. Mr Slack, the deputy head of a neighbouring school had
been offered the post and had accepted the same day.
Unfortunately for Jamie, his first meeting with the new Head
occurred only a few days later. Had he known of Mr Slack's
reputation, he may well have modified his behaviour. However, old
habits die hard. Having handed the note to the tall athletic man
now running the school and expecting at worst a long lecture and
detention, he'd been more than a little surprised to find himself
grasping his ankles with his trousers and underpants round his
feet, having his bare backside seared six times with a rather
long and decidedly nasty cane. His full attention being taken
with the intense pain from his rear end, he hardly noticed the
large hands that occasionally strayed between hi s legs or indeed
paid any attention to the noise that the Head made. After all, Mr
Caxton had been an old man, and Jamie was used to hearing a
certain amount of heavy breathing while being beaten.

If Jamie had been shocked by the new no nonsense actions of the
Mr Slack, the whole school had their chance the next morning when
three boys from the fifth year were called up and asked in a loud
ferocious voice why they had been absent the previous afternoon.
If the other teachers were taken aback by the sight of three boys
having their bare backsides beaten in front of them, they didn't
show it. Some even nodded their approval, noting with
satisfaction how the Headmaster increased the boys' humiliation
by having them lower their trousers and pants while facing the
assembled school. Jamie had watched in horror, his own weals from
the day before throbbing in sympathy. Looking to one side for an
instant he had seen Miss Turner staring at him, a thin smile on
her lips. Only for a second though. The loud swishing and crack
of the cane soon had everyone's attention on the three boys busy
learning the penalties for truancy.

Jamie woke from his day dreaming and went in to tea. In the other
room he could see his foster mother sitting at a desk, busy
signing some papers. She looked and smiled. "Just a bit of
paperwork" she said, putting the pen down. "The social services
have given their permission so I just have to sign a few things
for Miss Turner." She looked closely at one of the sheets. "It
says here that you'll be expected to observe all rules and behave
as you would at school. Discipline will be maintained and
enforced in the same way as it would be during term time." Her
eyes twinkled. "I wonder that means Jamie." She put the sheet
down and took a sip of tea. "I don't know what's caused your poor
performance this year, Jamie, but I do hope Miss Turner, as she
said, gets to the bottom of it!"

The house was big. As they entered the gates and drove up, Jamie
looked around him at the expansive gardens. His foster mother
whistled under her breath. "You are a lucky boy Jamie. I had no
idea Miss Turner lived in such a beautiful house."

The lady in question was watering some small tubs of flowers next
to the front door and greeted them warmly. Aware of the curiosity
that her house provoked, Miss Turner gave them a tour of the
premises, taking delight in the awed reaction of her guest.
Passing up to the first floor they entered a large study
containing a few small school desks and a larger desk at the far
end next to a blackboard. "As you see, I often run courses for
children during the holidays" she said, straightening one of the
chairs. "I used to specialise in remedial teaching before I came
here. You wouldn't believe some of the difficulties we have
trying to instill knowledge in our young ones."

Passing the blackboard, her sleeve caught the handle of a tall
cupboard. The door swung open revealing piles of books, graph
paper and old dusty boxes of pencils. Jamie's eyes however, were
fixed only on the shelf at the top, beneath which hung an
impressive collection of traditional school canes. On the shelf
itself rested an assortment of old worn gym shoes and what
appeared to be small belts.

Elaine's eyes widened and she took a step closer. "Is that really
what I think it is?" she asked, pointing to the shelf. "Not a
real scottish tawse surely?" Miss Turner took the old leather
tawse down and passed it over. Elaine laughed. "Gosh, this brings
back memories" she said, gripping the end firmly. "Of course I
was always on the receiving end. Never did me any harm though!"
She gave the tawse back and looked at the canes. "Well I must
say, you're obviously a great believer in firm discipline. I
don't blame you though. Goodness knows kids need a good hiding
now and then."

She looked at Jamie and grinned. "I bet you wouldn't like to be
on the receiving end of one of those!" she said jokingly.

Miss Turner looked puzzled. "But I believe Jamie was caned only
last week" she said, gazing at the boy in question. "You must
have received a letter. I remember giving it to him to bring
home."

Jamie felt two pairs of eyes on him and reddened. "In any case"
continued his teacher. "You would surely have seen the marks on
his bottom. I believe Mr Slack canes very hard. Much harder than
Mr Caxton - isn't that right Jamie?"

Elaine looked at the boy as if seeing him for the first time.
"Er, No I didn't" she replied after a few seconds. "Though to be
honest, we've been so busy recently getting everything ready for
the trip that I didn't pay much attention at bath time. Just let
him get on with it." She shook her head slowly. How could he
deceive her like this.

Miss Turner sighed. "Experience has shown me that a boy's hygiene
deteriorates rapidly if not supervised correctly." Her eyes
narrowed. "I must say that I'm quite shocked about the letter.
Did you not receive any of the other letters?" "Other letters?"
"Well, I won't say that Jamie is any naughtier than other boys of
his age, but Mr Caxton caned him on average about once a month.
Each time, Jamie was given a letter to bring home."

Elaine breathed deeply and shut her eyes. What on earth had the
boy been doing? Visions of Australia suddenly made her open her
eyes. She pursed her lips and addressed Miss Turner. "I assure
you I had no idea. I can only think he threw them away." Jamie,
his face beetroot red, opened his mouth to speak, but Elaine cut
him off. "Quiet Jamie! I don't think I want to hear a word from
you!" She looked at her watch in panic. "Gosh I didn't realise
the time. I really have to leave now." They went down to the
hall, Jamie looking nervously at his the ladies. Why did she have
to find out about the letters? It just wasn't fair!

Miss Turner held the door open. Elaine looked at Jamie and shook
her head again. "Miss Turner, I'm really so sorry. He's obviously
in need of discipline. I can't believe that he kept me in the
dark for so long. I do hope you'll be firm with him."

Miss Turner smiled. "Don't worry about a thing. Jamie isn't the
first boy I've had to take in hand, and he certainly won't be the
last. Now you go and have a nice time. Oh, and do please send us
a postcard."

Shutting the door firmly, she turned and faced Jamie, noting how
the boy fidgeted nervously, his face still red. "Oh yes, I think
we'll get to the bottom of it all right!"

"Well Jamie, now you've finished your lunch I'll show you your
room, and then I think it's time for a little chat." Miss Turner
rose from the table and placed the plates in the sink. Jamie
finished his milk and followed her up the stairs. His room was at
the opposite end of the corridor to the schoolroom and next to a
large bathroom.

"I have another bathroom on the next floor, so you'll have this
one all to yourself" she said, opening the door to his room.
Jamie was pleasantly surprised to see how light it was, with the
sun streaming through the large windows.

Within a few minutes, Miss Turner had unpacked his suitcases and
put everything away. "Now then Jamie, I know it's the holidays,
but while you're here you will wear a simple school uniform" she
said quietly, placing some clothes on the bed. "There, I think
these will fit you."

Jamie looked at the simple grey shorts and white teashirt. The
shorts looked a little strange. Not the usual type of school
shorts, these seemed much thinner than usual.

"Aren't they a bit small for me Miss?" he asked timidly. "No, I
don't think so. Besides they're very stretchy and you don't wear
underpants under them." She saw his expression and turned away so
he couldn't see her smiling. "It's summer now Jamie. You don't
need so many clothes." She turned to face him. "After all, you
don't wear anything under your PE shorts do you. Now get changed
and wash your hands and face while I get the schoolroom ready!"

Ten minutes later Jamie looked at himself in the mirror. The
shorts were very tight but not uncomfortable. He gazed innocently
at his bottom, his large pert buttocks perfectly outlined by the
thin material and accentuated by the shorts being pulled tightly
into his crack. Turning slightly, he looked at the front. He ran
his hand over the smooth material and felt his willy. He giggled.
He could see the shape of it underneath. How funny it would look
if it started going hard like it did more and more these days.
His fingers lingered and he thought of the pleasant feelings he'd
experienced a few nights ago. That tingly feeling had been like
nothing he'd felt before. If he could just.

He heard a sound and turned. "Well, if you've quite finished, I'd
like a word with you."

Jamie blushed and followed his teacher out. In the schoolroom he
stood obediently in front of her desk while she sorted through
some papers. Glancing at the boy, she smiled. The shorts were
perfect! She wasn't sure if the boy fully realised how he looked
from the front, but his shorts certainly left nothing to the
imagination! She wondered what the school board would say if they
knew the effect it had on her.

She tapped the pile of papers on the desk. "Do you know what
these are Jamie?" Jamie shook his head. "No Miss." "Do you
remember what I do every time you are naughty in class?" Jamie
nodded slowly. Oh, those papers! The punishment sheets. "Yes
Jamie, every time you deserved to go to the Headmaster, I filled
in one of these for you to take to him, but I never actually made
you go. I thought I would give you a chance."

She tapped the pile again.

"These are all the papers for the last two years Jamie. There's
an awful lot of them, don't you think?"

The boy nodded and looked at the carpet.. What was happening? Why
had she kept them all?

Miss Turner shuffled the papers together and picked up two large
envelopes. She addressed him in a tone that sent icy shivers down
his spine. "Jamie, a few days ago I spoke to Mr Slack, your new
Headmaster. As you might appreciate, he is not exactly
overwhelmed by your progress." She looked to see if he was
listening and smiled grimly.

"Jamie, Mr Slack has asked me to send him all the punishment
sheets you've managed to collect over the past two years." She
put her finger on one of the envelopes, then, slowly, picked up a
second envelope. "In addition, he wants copies sent to the local
education authority for further evaluation." She paused, enjoying
the look of confusion in the boy's eyes.

She spoke very quietly. "You may not realise it, but after Mr
Slack has finished with you, there's a very good chance that
you'll be transferred to a borstal. Do you realise how serious
this is Jamie?"

The young boy stared at her in disbelief, tears running down his
cheeks. No he didn't know exactly what a borstal was, but he'd
heard enough gossip in the past to know that it was far, far
worse than any school.

At he cried, his teacher seemed to relax and leant forward. It
was true, yes, that John Slack knew all the details. After all,
he had been her closest friend for over twenty years - ever since
teacher training college- though nobody at the school knew. They
had shared everything, at one stage even their innermost secrets.
How revealing that had been. How mutually beneficial it had been!

The rest of course was total fabrication. Miss Turner smiled
grimly at the boy as he stood rubbing his eyes. Well, he could
cry! She'd soon be giving him cause to rub himself, only it
wouldn't be his eyes! Her eyes fell again on the front of his
tight shorts. Talking of rubbing..

Her tone became softer, almost kind. "Come on Jamie, it may not
be as bad as you think.. Perhaps we can sort something out." She
smiled kindly and handed him a tissue. Jamie looked at her, his
eyes desperate.

"I'm sure you understand, Jamie, that each one of these sheets
should have resulted in you receiving corporal punishment from
your Headmaster." She looked to see if she'd got his attention.
"That punishment may have been anything from a few hard slaps on
your bottom, to a very hard caning, depending on the seriousness
of the offence."

"Mr Slack suggested that maybe, just maybe, if you received these
punishments while you're here, then he might be persuaded not to
involve the education authority." She looked down at the sheets
of paper and then picked them up. Jamie stared at her. Yes, yes,
anything. He'd do anything..anything to avoid being sent away!

"So young Jamie, you have to decide now what you want." She
looked at the fidgeting little figure before her and for a
second, felt a twang of pity for the poor lad.

"Either we go to work now without another mention of this and you
take the consequences in September, or.." She paused. "Or we go
to work and in addition you will receive all the punishments you
have owing you, but without the letter to the education
authority."

Jamie felt sick. His face seemed to be on fire and his whole body
felt like jelly. He looked down, then up, then down again.
"Please Miss, I'd like to have the punishments here
Miss..but..but. " He saw his teacher staring at him. "But Miss,
what will you do to me Miss?"

Miss Turner sat up and looked straight at him. "Well Jamie, first
of all, once you decide, you will not be allowed to change you
mind. Let me make that quite clear. I have already sorted these
sheets into a certain order. Every day I will choose two or
three.. One requiring fairly mild chastisement, the second rather
more serious, and the most severe punishment well, let's say
similar to what you received last week in Mr Slack's office.

Observing his confusion, she continued. "To put it simply Jamie,
mild chastisement means a spanking, serious means either a tawse
applied to your hand or slipper to your bottom, and of course the
most severe punishment has to be the cane."

She chuckled silently as she saw his hands move instinctively to
his bottom. "Since these punishments have to be spaced out evenly
over the next ten weeks, I don't intend to cane you as hard as Mr
Slack. If possible I want to avoid any heavy bruising of your
buttocks. This would just delay our schedule." She saw with
delight that the boy had stopped crying and was giving her his
full attention.

"I will however take my time and will quite likely increase the
number of strokes. I don't want you to think that you're getting
off lightly!"

She breathed deeply. "Well Jamie, what do we do with you?"

The boy bit his lip and a tear ran down his cheek. It seemed so
unfair, yet, yet he knew somehow that he deserved it. At least it
would be just between them and he wouldn't be sent away.

"I, I'd like to take all the punishments miss" he croaked
quietly. Miss Turner breathed a sigh of relief. "You admit that
you deserve to be punished then Jamie?"

He nodded his head. "Yes miss. I'm very sorry miss."

"Good then. I'll phone Mr Slack tonight and tell him your
decision." She stood up. "You may go outside to play now Jamie. I
don't intend to start our little school until tomorrow. I always
eat quite late, but your dinner will be at six o'clock and I
expect to see you in the dining room with your hands washed." She
smoothed her dress and walked to the door. "At seven o'clock I
have to give you a small medical exam to check you're healthy,
then it's bath and bed for you!"

Miss Turner watched her young charge eating his dinner and
smiled. An afternoon playing in the garden had certainly put
colour in his cheeks. She stifled a laugh as she realised how
very shortly she'd be putting colour in his other cheeks as well.

"If you've finished Jamie, I'd like you to go up to the second
floor and through the door on the right" she said, taking his
glass. I'll be up shortly. Take your teashirt off when you get
there. I just have to check you're in good health. Can't have you
getting ill can we!"

Jamie did as instructed and found himself in what appeared to be
a spare bedroom, albeit with a tape measure on the bed and some
scales next to the wall. He pulled off his teashirt and waited.
Over the last few hours, he'd looked at his predicament from
every angle, always coming to the same conclusion. However
painful it was going to be, better get it over with now than risk
Mr Slack getting his hands on him and sending him to a borstal.

He sighed and looked around the room. Opposite the window was a
large mirror. Strange how Miss Turner seemed to like having
mirrors everywhere. Almost every room had one or even two huge
mirrors on the walls. This one was just like the mirror Mr Slack
had put in his study. He gazed at his reflection, pushed his
tummy out and giggled at the sight of his wobbly puppy fat..
Instinctively his hand moved to the front of his shorts and felt
his willy. Still too young to realise just what a provocative
sight he made, he examined the outline of his penis and testicles
with interest, moving his hips back and forth. He giggled again.

Suddenly he heard footsteps and stopped what he was doing. Miss
Turner entered the room and smiled at him. " All ready are we?"
She pointed to the scales. "Hop on these and let's see how much
you weigh!"

Writing the figures down in a small notebook, she then measured
his height and had a quick look in his ears and mouth.

"No earache recently? Toothache?" she enquired, examining his
scalp. "No itching here, no headaches?"

"No miss." Jamie bent his head while she checked the back of his
scalp.

"No aches or pains when you run, no problems going to the
toilet?" "No miss."

"Okay, come over here in front of the mirror. That's right. Now
can you bend right over keeping your legs straight?"

Jamie touched his toes and felt her fingers running down his
spine. "Any pain here?" "No miss."

He felt her hand pat his bottom. "Okay, stand up!"

She looked at his shorts. "Just slip those off for me Jamie!"

He looked at her in horror. "M..Miss?"

Miss Turner smiled. "I can't examine you properly with your
shorts on, can I Jamie?" She spoke softly but very firmly. "I do
hope you're not going to be difficult young man!"

Something in her voice made Jamie feel like a very little five
year old rather than the twelve year old he was. Slowly he pulled
his shorts down. "No Jamie, I want them completely off. Give them
to me please."

Placing them on the bed, she tousled his hair and laughed. "Oh,
don't be so shy Jamie. You've got nothing that I haven't seen a
hundred times before."

Chuckling at his embarrassment, she sat on the edge of the bed.
"Stand in front of me please."

Jamie obeyed, wishing the ground would swallow him up. Miss
Turner saw where he had his hands.

"Hands on your head please Jamie!" She waited a few seconds.

She looked at the boy's red face and laughed. "For goodness sake
Jamie, why are you so embarrassed? Anyone would think you've
never been examined before."

Turning her attention to his small privates, she gently cupped
his testicles in her hand, one finger caressing the area behind.
"Open your legs a little wider please!"

Jamie did as she said. As long as she didn't keep looking at him,
it wasn't too bad. In fact, after the initial shock of feeling
her hand holding his 'things', it was not entirely unpleasant.

"What I'm doing now Jamie is checking that your testicles have
descended correctly. I'm sure you've had this done before, but it
never hurts to double check."

Jamie squirmed slightly as her fingers felt each testicle
carefully. Only a qualified doctor would have questioned why a
relatively simple examination should take so long. Miss Turner
was in no hurry. Her finger continued to stroke the area between
his legs. Apart from deriving a great deal of pleasure from this,
she was also aware of its calming effect on boys. The first time
was always embarrassing for them. It would take a few days before
Jamie learned to relax.

"No pain here I hope Jamie?" "No miss" he replied quietly, his
attention on the soothing effect her finger was having. "Are you
sure Jamie?" Something in the tone of her voice made Jamie look
up.

"No, honestly miss." Miss Turner shook her head and looked
thoughtful. "Well, they do feel a little strange to me. Maybe a
torsion." She smiled at his worried look. "It's probably nothing,
but I think that while you're here I'd like to check them every
day." She bit her lip, trying to look serious and congratulated
herself. Thanks to her quick thinking, she'd be able to indulge
her fetish every single day.

Miss Turner looked under his arms, then down again at the boy's
genitals. "You haven't started growing hair yet have you Jamie?
Certainly no sign of any pubic hair. You're obviously only at the
beginning of puberty. Do you know what puberty is Jamie?"

Jamie shook his head. "No miss." Miss Turner shook her head and
looked at him in exasperation. "If you'd been listening in class
a few months ago, you'd have heard that puberty is the period
when young people start to turn into adults."

She felt his testicles contract and was pleased to see him open
his legs a little wider without being asked.

"With boys there are several changes, though some happen faster
than others, and it can all take quite a few years." Without
releasing her grip on his testicles, she ran her finger slowly
over his tummy.

"Your voice becomes deeper, you start to grow hair under your
arms and around your genitals. You grow a bit faster than usual
and eventually even start getting a little beard and moustache."
She paused and looked down.

"Can you remember what else happens Jamie?"

Jamie blushed. Actually, he did remember that part of the lesson.
There had been a rather interesting film all about this.

"Well?" Jamie shook his head. "Can't remember miss" he said
quietly, his face turning a deeper shade of red.

"Well, I'll have to remind you then." With her other hand, she
took the boy's penis between her thumb and forefinger. Jamie
looked down in horror, then turned his head away. She examined it
closely. They were such strange things, young boys penises! No
matter how many she saw, each one seemed quite different. She was
pleased to see that Jamie wasn't circumcised.

"During puberty the penis becomes bigger and boys start to have
erections much more than usual." She teased his foreskin. "Do you
sometimes have erections Jamie?" The boy breathed deeply and
seemed to struggle for an answer. "Y..yes miss, sometimes miss" a
tiny voice answered. Part of him wondered why on earth his
teacher still held his testicles in her other hand.

Miss Turner smiled. "Does it ever hurt when your penis goes
stiff?" "N..no miss." Noticing with satisfaction that his willy
had already lengthened somewhat, she started to pull his foreskin
back. Jamie grimaced. "Ow, miss!"

"Sorry Jamie, I know this isn't very nice, but if your foreskin
can't come all the way back, you can have all sorts of problems
later on." She pulled it back just a little more, exposing his
shiny glans. "I think it's best to continue this in the bath
Jamie. It will be much easier with a bit of soap and I'll show
you how to keep it clean and healthy."

She patted his bottom again and stood up. "Right, run down to
your bathroom and run the bath. I'll be down in a minute." She
picked up his shorts. "No need to put these back on." Her eyes
twinkling, she looked at his semi erect penis. Jamie looked down
and covered himself with his hands.

"Hands by your side Jamie, if you please!" The boy reluctantly
moved his hands, squirming as he saw his reflection in the
mirror. "I don't want you trying to cover yourself again Jamie. I
don't like it! Now go and run the bath!"

She waited until she heard his footsteps on the stairs, then
smoothed the bedclothes where she'd been sitting, and walked to
the mirror. For a few seconds she listened, her head to one side,
then, sure that the boy was doing as she'd told him, she ran her
hand down the side. There was a soft clicking noise and the
mirror swung open to reveal a cupboard hidden in the wall behind.

The 8mm movie camera was hot and she quickly switched it off
before removing the film cannister from one of the reels. She
tapped the camera and laughed. "I'll have to ask John to bring
some more film" she said to herself. "I think I'm going to need
quite a lot!" The two way mirror was closed again and she took
the film down to the darkroom in the basement, pausing on the way
to remind Jamie that she'd be along in a few minutes.

Placing the film in a rack, she inhaled the stale aroma of the
chemicals she used to develop her photos and films. All around
stood remnants of previous films she'd developed. She leant
against the door and smiled. The film would be excellent. They
should get at least two hundred pounds for it in Amsterdam! What
would John say when he saw it?

Were the other cameras ready? Yes, at least most of them were.
There were presently two hidden in the schoolroom, one in the
bathroom and another in the boy's bedroom, though she'd have to
check. A hidden switch at the side of the mirror activated them.

She chuckled as she remembered her conversation with the
Headmaster about Jamie. One of a handful of boys she'd had her
eye on for some time, he was perfect. Just the right amount of
puppy fat, cheeky face and pert behind, a large half moon that
stuck out provocatively. She really had to invite John over for
lunch in the next few days. Poor man! She knew how frustrated he
got during the holidays with no boys to punish.

Duck with orange sauce, a bottle of Bordeaux, a sherry trifle
followed by cheese and a good port. Yes, he'd like that! The door
shut behind her and she started to walk slowly upstairs. Yes, a
nice lunch followed by a long afternoon with Jamie in the
schoolroom. They'd have such fun! She laughed. Poor Jamie. What a
sore bottom he'd have! Of course the Headmaster would insist on
the boy having a thorough medical first. She imagined the boy's
little testicles in John's rough hands and winced. Ouch!

