Revenge is a Dish Best Served Live!
by Nikolai 

Revenge is a Dish Best Served Live! (Part 1 nothing fun)

Marley and Carley became bestfriends in their final years of high school. They met their first day of junior year. Both of them were new to the school that year. That meant that at lunch they both had been lost at where to sit and both had been met with unfriendly glares when they had approached a few tables.

Carley had always been a bit more reserved and shy. Her mother insisted she was an introvert but she wanted to have friends and go out she just didn't know how to approach new people. Her dads never ending traveling had drug her across the country and never really given her a place to settle down. So like many young teens with few friends and lots of time at home, Carley resorted to making most of her friends online. She had joined a few GamerGirl Discords and had a small band of friends she played various games with. Doing this made her constant state of upheaval of her social life and revolving door of schools almost seem okay. It didn't matter if she didn't have friends at the new school because she had her online friends. She spent everyday with them and no matter where her father's job took her around the country her gamer friends were there. Clinging to anyone in real life was useless as sooner or later she would have to tell them goodbye forever. Sometimes she would stay in contact with friends from her previous schools through gaming but finding girls in real life who cared to game everyday or even every so often with her was rare to say the least. Some would call this a lonely life but Carley was content with it.

Carley was 5'1. Pale skinned, petite with small but curvy assets that looked great on her small frame. She wore a B cup, often times she would be seen wearing crop tops that showed off her slim stomach. Her ass was fairly toned and curvy, it was far from huge but it was her greatest feature. It was perky and looked kinda fat for her little legs and slim waist but it was just big enough to not be disportionate or unattractive. Her hair was always dyed some bright color, sometimes even multiple colors with undertones. She had everything throughout the years from mint green, to blue, bright red, pink, rainbow, you name it. But for that first day of Junior year she was rocking a bright pink color. Her eyes were her cutest feature. They were big and doughy and dark brown. The mixture of cute face, bright, pretty and straight hair, and her irrestible eyes were enough to make any man simp for her.

Many did, it was predictable at this point that she would receive extra attention when she was "the new girl" but she had been hurt clinging to these guys in the past and other than occasionally messing around, she didn't give them her time of day.

Carley was basically Belle Delphine if she was shy and modest. Same general look, just as cute, but Belle was an only fans star, and Carley was an innocent shy little gamer girl. Carley was basically the demographic Belle Delphine pretends to be, minus all the sexy stuff.

Now that you have a rough idea of who Carley is, then you'll understand why when she was looking for a table to sit at, only to be met with dirty looks from girls and perverted gazes and welcoming gestures from a few guys, that then she chose willingly to sit by herself, she was used to this after all and wasn't really interested in social interaction. She just wanted to keep her head down, get good grades and do her thing until the next school. She began eating her meal.

Marley was similar to Carley in some ways, and very different in others. Marley also had spent most of her life being torn between school after school, having had close friendship after close friendship, taken from her without a choice in the matter. But..unlike Carley it wasnt because Marley's father had to travel for his job. No, Marley didn't have a father, or a mother for that matter. Marley was a product of the broken system we call adoption in the States. Most kids not adopted as baby will spend years in foster care. If you're not adopted by 5, chances go down even further, after 13 its all but a lost cause to hope of being adopted. Marley had lost her parents to drugs at a young age. She had spent her life since 6 hopping between foster homes. She had a few hopeful meetings with interested parents..but ultimately was never chosen. She was 16 now, and close to being old enough to be free from the broken system and move on with her life. She was hoping this would be her last foster home. She had lived a rough life up to this point. Many of the homes aren't nice, and many of the foster parents can be heartless or cruel, most of them only out to secure a check from the government with little care for child care and needs. This new home seemed..decent. the foster mother was pleasant and the home was clean. She only had to share the home with 4 foster siblings compared to the usual 10+. She was content and happy with her surroundings, but she was also used to all of that being ripped away from her..so she tried to not be to hopeful of lasting at this home. She was sweet, outgoing, always the "big sis" to younger foster kids in her homes. She loved making new friends even when she knew they wouldn't last and her secret thing, her only constant in her constantly changing life. She had a gaming pc she saved up for and she loved gaming. She had a small band of friends she would communicate with online and when she wasn't at school or doing her required afternoon chores, she would game. Gaming to her was more than a distraction. She loved it and was passionate about it. She had great "comms" and was always trying to help her online friends. She loved team based games that really required coordination and teamwork. She hoped to one day use her love for gaming to get her out of her broke and somewhat sad life. Whether that be through streaming or programming she just knew she wanted a career in the field.

Marley was named after the late great Reggae Musician. Her mother had loved him and some of her earliest memories from when her parents were alive, Bob was always in the background, sometimes when she would be at her lowest points she would sing that iconic song to herself.

"Every little thing, is going to be alright."

Marley was 5'8. She was mixed. Lightskinned. She showed her black mother's traits in many ways. From her height, to her curly brown hair, thick thighs and round ass. She would be labeled as "slim thick" by many as she had the thick features but she was also far from what you would even call chubby. She had C cup breasts. She often wore somewhat conservative clothing, not really trying to show off her assets to the boys. She avoided lots of cleavage and wore skin tight pants but never leggings or skirts. She never straightened her hair as her mother had told her as a child "thats what the white man would want." Which was often one of her go to phrases. Marley never understood how she had so much resentment for "the whites" but she had conceived Marley with a white man? Marley liked being "natural" and avoided makeup and flashy clothes. She wanted her beauty to show for itself.

So now that you have a rough idea of who Marley is, you'll understand why, with her big heart, and outgoing personality, that when she was met with dirty looks from the girls at her new school, and perverted gazes from the guys, rather than plop down alone, she chose to sit with a girl who was off to herself and looking like she also didn't have any friends. She was usually good at making friends with the loners, thats what all foster kids were for the most part.

Marley set her tray down across from the Carley and sat down. Carley was picking at her food and staring down at her tray shyly. Marley broke the ice.

"Hi, my name is Marley, like the singer, I'm new around here, I'd ask you to tell me about this place but you kind of seem new too..if you don't mind me assuming? Anyway, what's your name?"

Carley relaxed in her seat, Marley seemed friendly and a friendly voice beat the daggers the other girls were staring through her.

"Carley, with a C. You're spot on, I'm new as well, is it that obvious?"

Marley smiled, she loved the way she could make even shy introverted people open up to her.

"The scared puppy eyes? The 'please don't look at me' body language? The way the guys stare at you like a piece of fresh meat? The dirty looks the girls give because of said guys? Girl you might as well have a sign taped to your back that says "new girl." But maybe thats just because I'm really familiar with how it looks and feels to be the new girl. I stopped counting the schools I'd moved to after my like 14th. What about you? First new school? Go to the other since kindergarten? I meet alot of those girls, I dont know how their parents expect them to just start over at a new school. Most of those girls end up messed up somehow. Consumed with the new girl attention and turn into whores, or clung to their past life and unable to move on, but you also seem like you maybe are used to this..maybe you've been around a time or two? Dont tell me let me guess! Dad travels for work?

Carley choked on her milk she was sipping from the carton. After catching her breath she answered Marley.

"Uh..yeah actually..my dad does travel for work, are you stalking me? Is this some kind of prank or something on the new girl because I'm not falling for that shit again."

Marley quickly tried to reassure her.

"Of course not! Sorry I'm just really good at reading people, and I've spent alot of time being the new girl and befriending other new girls on the first day of school, if I was lucky enough to start my new school on the first day. I try not to get too attached because I know my friends could be ripped away from me..but I can't stand complete loneliness at school, after school is whatever because I have my game girls but I need atleast some acquaintances in this place or ill lose my mind."

Carley's eyes lit up when Marley had mentioned she gamed but she tried to stay casual about it.

"No! No don't be sorry I was mostly joking, just not used to someone that I can relate to when it comes to this stuff. I usually just avoid people at school for the same reason you said, I don't want them to be ripped away, but unlike yourself I usually don't even bother with acquaintances, but I think for you I'd make an exception, you seem really cool Marley. And that rhymes with Carley so it's meant to be right?

Marley was satisfied with herself in making a friend.


"Yeah Marley and Carley, I like that."

Carley responded with:

"Or...Carley and Marley, got a little bit more of a ring to it don't you think? Did you say you game..? I LOVE gaming what do you play?"

Marley slightly expected it from the pale girl's bright hair and general vibes she gave off, but she was always still surprised to find another female interested in gaming in the real world. She smiled real big and proceeded to go off the deep end about her active gaming endeavors.

"...So yeah I mean I'm a level 95 in that, I'm diamond league in rocket league, but I mainly play Fortnite, I even have some earnings from the tournaments. I play with a few different girls I'm in this discord with maybe 10 or so of us. It's called GG4L it means Gamer Girls For Life maybe I can invite you to it and we can play something sometime, what do you play?"

Carley's jaw dropped, for a second she didn't know what to say, this surely wasn't possible, she loved Fortnite, she even had a small amount of earnings herself, and she was in a Gamer girl discord..

Her thoughts were interrupted by Marley's voice.

"Why'd you get quiet? Please don't make fun of me for playing Fortnite I know it seems like a kids game but the competitive aspect and the skill involved in all that building and editing in a battle royale game is incredible and so much more in depth than you'd think..the end games have so many people in such a small circle, its not a kids game..."

Marley seemed a little exasperated as she tried to defend her main game to the pink haired girl she'd only met a few moments before. Her explanation of the competitive aspects of a comp Fortnite game was interrupted by a one word statement muttered by Carley. But, it was more of a one word question.

Carley cut her off with:

"HotCocoaLiteMocha?"


Marley's screen name being said out loud in the real world at first totally caught her off guard and left her silent for a moment trying to wrap her mind around the very unlikely moment playing out in front of her. When her mind had came to a grasp on things, her face beamed with recognition and excitement. She gasped aloud:

"eGirl Sarah?!?!"

Carley yelped in excitement.

"YES GIRL! Sarah is my middle name! There's no way this is actually happening your new foster home is in Farmington? You said you were changing states but you never mentioned you were coming here. Holy fuck what are the chances? You're fuckin gorgeous girl I can't believe I'm talking to you face to face!

Marley was also beside herself. She had met eGirl Sarah who she just now found out is actually named Carley, a year ago. The girls played together nearly daily and alot of girls had come and gone in the Discord over time but eGirl Sarah and HotCocoaLiteMocha had remained playing together even when the others quit for other games or real life got in the way. They played several games together but mainly Rocket League and Fortnite and they had earned money together in the duo competitions. They were as close to Bestfriends as eachother could have in the lives they lived. Meeting eachother in real life was a fantasy that neither expected to happen yet here they were.

"Oh shut up girl! You're a little hottie yourself! I expected you to be kind of fat for some reason, most self labeled "eGirls" are. I'm so fucking happy you're here, this is going to make this whole new school thing 10x better! Hopefully we both get to stay at this school awhile! Are you excited for that tourney tonight?


The girls continued the rest of their lunch chatting about their games and some real life stuff. It was exactly the same as online. They clicked instantly and were inseparable. The girls spent every little bit of time together they could at school. They would play together all night. Occasionally have sleepovers and game together or watch movies in their underwear. Both of them had what they always wanted. A real life bestfriend, and the chemistry was immediate from all the gaming they had done together.

By some miracle Carley's father got a promotion at his current location, which meant that he would no longer have to travel and Carley would be spending the remainder of her high school days at this school.

Marley was also lucky if you could call it that, she turned 17 a few months after she had met Carley on the first day of school, what she didn't know was that in this state 17 meant adulthood. Which meant she woke up on her 17th birthday with a notice of removal from her foster parents.

She was first happy to finally be free of the system but then terrified to be lost or homeless.

Carley's mother had come to really like Marley after she spent so much time hanging out at Carley's house after school. The crazy chance that her daughter had met her gamer friend, paired with the fact that she was happy to see her daughter interacting with a friend in the real world, and topped by the pity she felt for Marley having heard her story and coming to know how sweet and outgoing the girl was. So when Carley told her mother that Marley was getting evicted from her foster home she insisted they take her in.

Marley moved in, for the first time in her life she felt like she had a family. Carley's parents were polite and her mother treated Marley like her own. Carley was like a sister to Marley. They enjoyed the rest of their high school days living together and were accepted to the same college as well.

They got a dorm room together and continued to be as close as two girls could be without blood or anything erotic connecting them.

Right towards the end of high school Marley had told Carley that she thought she was serious about becoming a streamer and making a living playing video games. Carley seemed supportive of her friend and told her to go for it.

Marley insisted Carley join her.

"Two bestfriends in one room? Both hot as fuck and good at video games? Its free money Carley we could get rich doing what we love."

It took some more prodding because Carley was significantly more shy than Marley and scared of streaming, but she gave in and agreed to chase this crazy dream with her bestfriend.

Fast forward a couple years. Both girls are in their sophomore year of college. Their twitch channel is widely successful and their viewers donations have paid their tuitions in full and let them live a life fairly well off. They have nice clothes, cars, basically everything they want in life. They've grown a fairly large following. Hot girls playing video games makes money, Marley was right about that. They weren't quiet millionaires but donations/brand sponsorships/ad revenue has helped them to make hundreds of thousands for both of them. It was really a dream come true.

Their twitch channel was called "Carley and Marley" after a coinflip that Carley won.

Over the years the money stayed flowing but the passion wasn't as there. The two girls were still "sisters" but as alot of sisters do they went through periods were they weren't as close. They each had their classes and guys and lives to live. But their twitch channel and streaming live to thousands every night kept them together and close. They were good together and kept the audience entertained for their skilled gameplay, their looks, and the way they could feed off eachother in a comedic way.

Marley always wanted this, a life in gaming and doing what she loved. She always saw gaming as her future. Carley had seen gaming as more of a distraction and through the years she grew tired of gaming but continued on because the money was great. It wasn't that she absolutely hated it but it began to be more of a chore and something she had to do. She found herself faking her personality and lacking in her gameplay at times. She was kind of over it but kept on to keep paying the bills. She didnt know how to tell Marley she didnt want to do this anymore. She wasnt as close to her friend anymore anyhow.

Marley could tell Carley was losing interest though. Of course she could tell, Marley wasn't faking any of this. She worked her ass off to get where she was and had a passion for it. Carley was just slacking at this point. She was dogshit at all the games now and always holding Marley back in competitive events. Her attitude on stream had definitely changed and besides cutesy, flirty acting on stream, her passion was gone. She was holding the "Carley and Marley" show back. Marley was deliberating how to move on solo sometimes, she had even expressed concerns to Carley who was just hateful in return.

Marley wasn't excited for Carley's arrival and to begin the stream but she could pretend. They began the stream that day the same as every other for the past few years. They take turns speaking through the introduction:


"Hi I'm Carley!.."

"..and I'm Marley!"

"And this is the CarleyandMarley Show!.."

"Tonight we will be playing..."

"Fortnite! its time for the Duo Cash Cup!"

"If you enjoy the gameplay, follow, subscribe, and of course donations are always appreciated big boys." They both wink at the camera and begin playing.

Their stream setup is fairly simple. A face cam for each of them, a shot of both of them on opposite sides of eachother each with their own desk and gaming pcs. And then their gameplay of course.


That cash cup didnt go to well and it was getting harder for frustrations not to leak on stream. After the 6th straight death in a row Carley has a bit of an outburst.

"Why won't you help me, you've let me die every game!"

Marley is a bit taken a back but frustrated with her teammate, roommate, duo, and "sister."

"I'm winning my 1 on 1s, you keep losing every fight you take! Am I supposed to hold your hand? Maybe if you'd actually practice off stream instead of just sucking face with fanboys after class then we could be as good as we used to!"

Marley had clearly been feeling like this for awhile and Carley knew she was right, she had been slacking, but she thought who cares? They already make more money than they ever need to. They're hot egirls, they just have to play the games, they don't have to be good at them. If Marley would have addressed it with her friend calmly maybe Carley would have explained why she was losing interest and they could have came to a conclusion together but being called out so directly on stream made her angry. She closed out of everything and powered off her PC.

"I'm done for the night, and if you're gonna keep acting like this you can play with somebody else, I don't give a fuck about this game enough to put up with your bitching and whining."

Marley hadn't expected Carley to smart off to her and storm out. She grew angry at this but tried to stay calm as her door slammed and Carley left for who knows where.

"I think thats enough for tonight..sorry guys, we will talk and hopefully be back tomorrow night...until then..goodnight boys and girls.." Marley blew a kiss at the camera and ended stream.

She grasped her head in her hands. Frustrated with how the night had went and lost as to how she was supposed to continue on with or without Carley, she feared she would lose her audience.

Marley felt her phone vibrate on her desk, snapping her out of her thoughts. She read the screen. It was Marcus, her boyfriend. She smiled, it was exactly who she needed to hear from.

"I just saw the way stream ended, are you alright? I don't know whats gotten into Carley but you gotta talk to her, whatever her problem is she needs to keep it off stream."

The text read.


"I know, I know, ill talk to her, she doesn't seem herself lately, like maybe she's hiding something from me? We hardly talk besides about the stream. I just want my bestfriend back :( "

Marley replied.

Marley went back to holding her head, confused and frustrated.

She once again was brought back to attention by a loud vibration noise.

It was louder and the vibrations were more frequent then how her phone usually went off. She flipped it over expecting another text from Marcus. Nothing, no notifications just a blank screen. Thats odd..she thought.

A few seconds later she heard the loud and frequent vibrations. This time she stood up from her desk and went to the opposite side, where Carley's desk and setup was. Sure enough, the loud vibrating was Carley's phone.

"That dumb bitch must of left her phone here..she plays on it more than she plays anyhow so that makes sense. What's with the extra violent vibrations though? What's she do with this thing...? Marley thought and laughed to herself.

Being a foster child had made Marley a bit nosey..who could be texting Carley back to back to back? She hasn't told me about a man lately but I lose track with her.

Marley knew Carley's passcode, she had used the same one for years. She punched it in and went to the messages. What she found made her lips start to quiver and her face grow red in anger.

The 3 messages Carley's phone had received in a row read:

"Yo can you make it anymore obvious? You gotta play it more cool and stop being so weird around Marls before she catches on that something is up between us."

"She just told me she's worried you're hiding something from her? You better get this shit under control girl, if she finds out about us there goes all our easy money on the show. Make this right, make her feel better, make her not worry, make sure she isn't onto us, and suck it up and put on a better act on stream! She gets way more donations lately because she acts like she gives a fuck! Idk, just stressing, I love and miss you babygirl, what time will you be over tm morning? Her classes start at 10. 👀 "

"Why aren't you answering? Tell me you didn't leave your fucking phone there!?"


The name above the messages said "Mark 🍆"

Marley couldn't belive what she was reading. Her bestfriend? Her boyfriend she thought she loved? How long had this been going on? She felt like she was going to throw up and as much as continuing reading further made her feels like her heart was repeatedly being stabbed, she kept scrolling up. She had to know. The messages spelled out what she feared. This had been going on a long time. Carley had been fucking Marcus, sexting with him, sending nudes, and talking shit on Marley for months. The further she read back the more sick she felt. Carley would say terrible things about how annoying Marley was and if it wasn't for the show and the money they were making she would have dropped Marley along time ago. Marcus agrees the show is the only reason he's with her. Carley says that when Marley is bitchy she just imagines sucking Marcus off and it makes her feel better. The texts are full of slutty filth towards MARLEY'S man and general backstabbing and trash talking from both of them at Marley's expense.



Marley is fuming, her fists clenched, tears running down her face, she has just experienced the worst betrayal of her life from someone who was supposed to be her "sister" her "bestfriend." Someone who she has started a career with and she had let into her biggest dream. It felt more like a nightmare at this point.

Marley's mind was going a thousand miles a minute. She was thinking of all kinds of evil and twisted shit to do to Carley, she wanted to beat her, humiliate her, ruin her, she deserved a punishment suitable for a thousand sluts. She needed to pay..and she was going to make her..but for now she waited..she had an element of surprise..neither Marcus nor Carley had any idea that she knew, and if she played her cards right she could hide the fact that she knew until the perfect time..

Marley went through and marked all the messages she had seen as unread and placed the phone exactly as she had found it. She quickly tried to compose herself and act natural because she knew no college girl would last long without realizing they'd left their phone. Especially when they were fucking their bestfriends boyfriend that stupid bitch..


Just as expected Carley was back within 5 minutes.

She unlocked the lock with her key and came in, finding Marley where she had left her.

"Forgot my phone."

Carley said coldly.

"Right on."

Marley replied trying to keep any hatred from showing in her voice.

"I think we do something a little different this weekend, need some extra cash. I got an idea for a Friday stream that makes enough to take off until Monday.

Marley continued, knowing the promise of time off and "extra cash" would peak Carley's interest.

"Yeah whats your big idea?"
Carley asked sarcastically.

"Just something fun and innocent that will get the donations flying. Simple game of truth or dare, we draw up a bunch of truths, put them on little pieces of paper in a bucket, same for the dares, maybe even have a little forfeit bucket if we don't take the dare? I don't know im kinda feeling it out as I go but the thought behind it is we keep it pretty innocent with some light teasing here and there and make bank. I could see it now 'egirls play truth or dare. Gone sexual?' Probably dumb but I think it'd be easy money, little effort, and if we make enough we can take some time off. Sound good? "

Carley hadn't expected an entrepreneur pitch from Marley.

"Uh, yeah..that actually seems like a good idea, probably make a killing off those simps! We can promote it the rest of the week and do it Friday! I thought you were out of good ideas but somehow you still manage to surprise me! See you tomorrow girl! We will start hyping it up then, by Friday all the viewers will be ecstatic, its free cash!"

Marley smiled to herself as her ex-bestfriend had left. She thought it'd be hard to convince Carley to fall into her trap but the promise of money had managed to make it that much easier.

Friday couldn't come soon enough.


