Mystery of the sleeping bag
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

Oh how difficult it is for me to forget our camping adventure! My new office organized a team-bonding camp for the line managers. It was a family affair to introduce the new managers' spouses to all colleagues and their spouses. It was optional as the company didn't want to impose on anybody's family commitments and private time. I was very eager to be part of it so that I could prove my credentials of a team-spirited new hire. Although my wife was not very keen, as she doesn't like to socialize with utter strangers, she agreed for my sake.

On the appointed Friday afternoon, we drove three hours to reach the national park where the camp site was located. Although tents had been set up already we were asked to bring our own sleeping bags and essential items. By the time we reached the site, it was getting dark. We were, it seems the first ones to arrive. Once we were guided to the site a bonfire had already been lit and the flames were comforting in the slight but increasingly cold autumn breeze. The campsite was in an ideal setting among fragrant pine forest. Although the setting was primal and natural, the organizers had erected a fantastic bar with every type of alcohol available. The welcome drink was tequila shots with lime. It was perfect as the burning alcohol really warmed us up. We had three shots each before I switched to my favorite - beer, and my wife moved on to trying one after another of their specially concocted cocktails. 

When the second couple arrived we were already quite uninhibited. They told us that just after we passed the highway connected to the Park, a terrible accident jammed the road and that's why all of them got delayed. Others would be coming soon, we were informed, even though we didn't care much. My wife had already overcome her shyness and was soon chatting to the other couple like they were long lost friends. I was happy to see her enjoy herself. Sure enough one after another all arrived. There were three couples and about five bachelors. But it was already about 9pm and very dark. Although we were already drunk to the point of slurring and staggering, we were plied with drinks after drinks to give the latecomers a chance to catch up. 

My wife, however, couldn't keep up and was sick. She was so inebriated that she couldn't even recognize me. Anyway, at the suggestion of one of the other wives, I tried to carry her to the tent. But of course I was drunk too so one of my other colleagues - a heavily built, dark Mexican fellow named Juan - helped me support her from one side. Together we dragged her to the tent. There were two large tents, one for the couples and one for the bachelors. We took her inside the tent and fumbled around in the darkness. I found our sleeping bag which we had already positioned in the corner to get some privacy, and tried to get my wife inside. It was a difficult task. Thank god for Juan, who was really helpful. While I held my wife in my lap, he tugged her shoes open and helped me take off her jacket. 

"It really gets warm inside the sleeping bag, doesn't it," he stated rather asked me, and I heard as if he was helping my wife get rid of her jeans. I felt rather than saw, his unbuckle her jean and then I heard the unmistakable sound of her zipper. Then He pulled the jeans off altogether from her feet. Very helpful, I thought again.

"Does she sleep in her shirt or do you want to change her to sleep more comfortably," he asked sincerely. I tried to remember hard in my drunken state but couldn't recall her sleeping with any clothes on ever. Anyway clothes are such a hindrance when you want to fuck, so I told him to take her shirt off. If fumbled again and soon the shirt was off too. Now my wife would be very comfortable, I thought. But when we tried to slip her in the sleeping bag, we found it almost impossible because Juan couldn't open the sleeping bag completely. And since my hands were useless because I was holding her head, I couldn't help much. The Mr Super Nice then helped me out again. He lifted my wife off me and asked me to hold the bag like a grocery bag so that he could lift my wife and slide her straight inside. What a great idea? So I did as I was told and sure enough, Juan managed to get my wife inside. But there was a problem. Accidentally, while he was sliding her in, he stepped inside to support her weight and as my wife slid straight inside the sleeping bag, so did Juan. What must have been more embarrassing for him was the fact that his trousers and underwear (must have been really loose trousers though I hadn't noticed before) got stuck in my wife's underwear somehow and everything just slid down - including my wife's underwear.

There they were the two of them stuck together face to face, and almost skin to skin - as far as their bodies below the waist were concerned. My eyes were accustomed to the dark by now and I could see Juan's rippled tight black thighs mashing against my wife's creamy white thighs. Juan was looking at me helplessly. I could understand how embarrassed he must be to be stuck half naked with his new colleague's pretty and drunken wife. When he managed to pull himself apart a little I saw his cock. Oh my god, I have seen cocks in porno flicks but his was in a league of his own. It was thick, really plump and fat, and about 10 inches long. It had a crown of foreskin topping the big apple-sized cock head and it was rock hard perhaps with all the friction caused by moving my wife up and down. Poor thing how much he had to suffer to help me!

Just then, when he was about to step out - I think - my wife toppled a bit towards him and he had to hold her tight to prevent her falling down. He managed to do this with one hand, because he was busy adjusting his hard cock with the other hand. But they both leaned to the left and the hard black uncut cock accidentally got wedged between my wife's now bare pussy slit. The poor fellow went absolutely black in his face from the shock of it all. Again, he looked at me helplessly so I thought I would help him out. I smiled reassuringly as he tried to pull his hard cock out of my wife's wife. Even in the dim moonlight I could see that his black cock was glistening with my wife's pussy juices. But each time he tried, before he could pull out completely, my wife fell forward and Juan's cock kept sliding deep inside her cunt. Oh the horror of the situation. Ten minutes of this pulling out and sliding in, I decided enough was enough. I put my hand between their crotches and grasped Juan's extremely hard and scalding hot cock. Then I tried to pull it out of my wife's fully stretched pussy. But it was stuck inside like a jack hammer. I tried a few times and then suddenly Juan stood still and started spasming and jerking.  I felt tremors passing through his fat cock. I was worried that he was having a fit or something but after eight or nine long tremors passed through his slimy and hard cock, he stopped. His cock also lost some of its hardness and managed to pull it out. As it slid out of my hands because of its slipperiness, I couldn't help notice how long and heavy his cock really was compared to mine. Just as his cock plopped out of my wife's pussy, thick strands of liquid flooded out on my hand. I scooped it all and pulled my hand out of their tightly clasped bodies. It surely smelled funky but just to be sure that the smell was coming from the discharge from my wife's pussy, I brought my hand close to my nose and took a long and good sniff. It was a nice whiff of my wife's pussy mixed with a musky smell hard to describe. The smell was overpowering and I didn't want Juan to wonder what weird discharge came out of my wife's pussy so I quickly tipped my hand in my mouth and before he could say or see anything, I swallowed the sticky, gooey and thick creamy discharge - after all it was my duty as a drunken husband to protect the integrity of my drunken wife.

I would have happily walked out leaving them like that but Juan was, as I mentioned, a really friendly chap. So he asked me to hold my wife just for a minute or two till he asked another colleague to help out. "I am really pooped, you see," he told me with a wink and left.

Five minutes later, two other colleagues - Leroy, the black security manager, and Aditya, the Indian IT manager - walked in to help me. They were laughing and whispering jokes to each other before they entered. I heard them snigger and I heard the sound of someone pissing in a tumbler. But at least they did it outside the tent before entering inside. They were also kind enough to bring me a drink. I was thirsty as it so I gulped the drink down like a man in dessert drinking water. The drink tasted a bit acidic. It was quite warm and it had a familiar tangy smell to it but my brains were a bit clouded so I just finished the drink and wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. They laughed some more. 

While I was drinking, they held my wife in between them. Leroy was holding her from the front and Aditya from behind. I saw Leroy's lost his grip on my wife's waist and had to quickly grope my wife's big breast to keep from falling down. In this tussle her last piece of garment - her bra - came off and now she was buck naked in front of my two colleagues. While Leroy kept her straight by groping her breasts, Aditya had to support himself from falling backward, as the poor man held the tent poles, his trouser zipper came apart and (he must have been free balling like I do sometimes) his cock, which was already hard and dripping precum (of course I could see all that, I admit that I was drunk but I am not stupid or blind you know!), got pushed forward and hit the bull's eye - which happened to be my wife's rosebud asshole. Aditya's cock, straight like an arrow and tapered like a spear, was made for the job. It penetrated by wife's virgin ass and even in her drunken stupor, she whimpered a little. To help her suppress her moans, Leroy clamped his thick nigger lips on top of her sweet mouth. She started kissing him back (she must have thought, it's me!) and in her sleep, humped herself against Leroy's crotch. It's still a mystery but I am sure there must be some reason, Leroy's trousers had somehow dropped down to his ankles as had his underwear. He black cock - looking like the twin of Juan's swarthy cock - was sticking out, curved slightly towards the left but hard like a pole of steel. As my wife fell forward, being pushed repeatedly by the slightly clumsy Aditya, whose Indian uncut cock was jammed in my wife's ass from behind, Leroy's magnificently large cock got mashed between their bodies. To ease his discomfort, I held his cock and tried to move it sideways (his hands were tied to my wife's breasts, you see). Silly me! I shouldn't even have tried because as I moved it sideways, its blunt purple cockhead (which was very wet because of his free flowing black precum) somehow got stuck inside my wife's already lubricated pussy slit. My wife keeps her pubes shaved off so his cock head just slipped off and got stuck in her moist and warm hole. I tried my level best to pry her two meaty pussy lips open so that I could then pull Leroy's cock out but it only went inside. I felt one inch of Leroy's cock meat slide past my fingers. Then another and then another. In all, 10 inches of his curved black cock meat went inside. I was very surprised as where it was going with that distinct curvature of his cock...and the fact that it was rock hard. Not only had I failed in getting Leroy's black cock out of my wife's pussy but I also had the task of pulling poor Aditya's brown uncut cock from her butt.

They both were moaning and groaning in pain and discomfort. They also seemed very restless and continued moving their bodies back and forth. I had no choice but to hold both their cocks with each of my hand. So now there was Leroy with his black cock jammed in my wife's pussy and my left hand was on his cock; then there was Aditya with his fat brown cock embedded in my wife's ass and my right hand on his cock. Without saying anything, all three of us started helping each other. Each time I pulled Leroy's slimy cock out of my wife's pussy, I helped Aditya push his hot cock inside my wife's butt. With each thrust a little more cock meat came out. After 15 minutes of this very tiresome exercise, both Leroy and Aditya started moving their pelvises to help me and sped up the pounding of my wife's holes. It had the result desired by me and their cocks shuddered like they were experiencing an earthquake and after some volcanic eruptions, I finally managed to free their cocks from my stupid, drunken wife's pussy clutches. They wanted to thank me for my help but in the dark and in the confusion, ended up kissing my drunken wife on the mouth - which was good for me as I didn't want to be kissed on my mouth by a black man or an Indian man.

After they left, I somehow managed to get my wife inside the sleeping bag and zipped her up. Then, I went out to relieve my bursting bladder. Everyone had already slept so I too went back to the tent and tried to slide in our sleeping bag beside my wife. But there was already three people stuck inside so obviously there was hardly any space for me. And in any case, they were groaning and moaning and moving so much that I would have rather not slept with them. So I just wiggled in the next sleeping bag. In the night I dreamt as if some monster was raping me. I was screaming and begging to be freed but to no avail.

Somehow the horrible night passed and by the time I woke up it was broad daylight and almost everyone had gone for fishing as we had originally planned. I only saw my wife's head from the sleeping bag. She was still out cold. As I dragged myself out of the sleeping bag (I still don't know who it belonged to, which is why it is a mystery), I realized my underwear and pants were heaped in the corner of the tent. As I stood, a terrible pain shot up in my ass like it was ripped apart. I touched my butt with my hand a felt a flood of sticky liquid flow out. It smelled the same as the discharge from my wife's pussy last night. I thought I heard someone coming so to avoid embarrassment I quickly gulped it down and realized it tasted the same too. That was good. And then I slipped beside my wife to have a quick fuck before she woke up. But she was already half awake and groggy. She gave me a full kiss on the lips, which somehow smelled funny and tasted like her discharge and then she whispered lovingly, "Honey, I loved the way you fucked me last night. Now go down and give me a good lick...lap my pussy with that long and loving tongue of yours." As I started licking her, I cherished the taste and realized that I had never fucked her last night. But I thought better than to tell her. If she was happy, let things go...maybe I could get her drunk again tonight. As it is I had three new found friends in my colleagues to help me slid her in the sleeping bag even if I don't know who that bag really belongs to?

End.