The Royal House of Gale over the years had collected a fair number of cousins, relations, close friends and hangers-on to the court. Most disappeared when Azkadellia rose to power. Even as a child, the witch's cruel influence was easy to see. The Queen, even when she had her magic, was not used to dealing with such a thing. There had been peace for at least five hundred annuals, and the royal house didn't need to change laws or do very much past ceremonial visits. The Queen didn't know what to do, hadn't known if the strategies suggested by Ambrose or her other advisors were worth the effort.

It all came down to nothing anyway. Nothing worked. The Queen had underestimated the draw of the dark and the way coercion could make the nobles fall into line. Azkadellia had stripped the remaining nobles of their titles and lands, imprisoned some, banished some and killed others outright. It didn't matter that she had been possessed. the Queen had known it was possession after DG's murder. There hadn't been anything like murder among royals in the days after Dorothy Gale came to power in the OZ.

There were few nobles left in the OZ. The few that remained were the pragmatic or cowardly kind. They didn't know how to combat the Sorceress, so they colluded with her or hid. While the Queen wasn't sure she liked the thought of either in her court, she couldn't very well discount their existence. They had clamored for the lands of their fallen relatives, but the Queen had put her foot down. All lost lands were now royal lands, to be dispersed as the Queen wished. It was how she was able to establish baronies for the tin men her daughters seemed to prefer over noble stock.

Considering the quality of the remaining noble stock, she couldn't blame them.

Ashvale would likely come under royal dominion, as Lord Rustling was getting older and no heir was in sight. The Queen didn't look forward to the petty squabbling that was likely to occur once that happened.

Lord Herman Siba was jockeying for position at court. He had been trying once it became apparent that DG would be the Crown Princess. DG had disappeared before he could try to speak with her or woo her. He was a colluder, something the Queen didn't want to hold against him. It wasn't as if she or Ahamo had done anything to stop Azkadellia. But they were her parents, and had hoped their daughter was somewhere inside the monster the Sorceress created. she couldn't try to harm her daughter if there was any hope that she might return to them.

Lord Siba was a difficult sort. Though he was a viscount, he had airs as if he was the Royal Consort himself. The Queen would have to do something about him, and impress upon DG the importance of court politics. But DG was wrapped up in the struggles of the Mirror Zone, wanting to start a war with the Queen of Faerie. She worried about Azkadellia's unnatural coma and the loyalty of the palace servants. There were whispers of those that would want Azkadellia dead, and the list was long. It didn't matter that she had been the victim of possession. It was collusion, but worse than the collusion of nobles. Nobles saved their families and the lives of those on their lands. Azkadellia should have done whatever she could do to stop the Sorceress, as she was responsible for the lives of all the OZ. Instead, she had colluded to save herself at the expense of her people.

The Queen had a headache. This was the usual state of things at this point. Ahamo had never been accepted into the inner workings at court due to his Other Side status. It allowed him to focus on his art and family, though the Queen knew there was some hurt there still. They had been apart for fifteen annuals, had sacrificed everything for the OZ and still he wasn't accepted as one of them.

She wasn't equipped to face this kind of problem.

The Queen headed to Azkadellia's suite. She had caught one of her guards holding her hand in an entirely inappropriate manner while the other one kept watch over them both. She had been unable to say anything in response. What could she say? They cared for her daughter, and obviously they were the only ones keeping her safe and alive. The Queen had no magic left to give, nothing left to pull her scattered court together.

"I just wanted to sit with her," the Queen told them. "Carry on."

"Your Majesty..." the darker one began, voice stiff with concern.

"I'm just her mother at the moment," the Queen said, voice soft. "I just need to know she's still alive."

"Callan and I can leave you alone, if you'd like," he said, voice softening. "We understand."

And they did, which possibly should have bothered the Queen more than it did. "You got to know her fairly well, then?"

Both looked as though they would rather not answer, which she always found a little amusing and a little sad. She wasn't trusted with the inner workings of Azkadellia's life, and things were strained between them. Neither had really known how to bridge the gap between them after the Sorceress was gone. The Queen simply didn't want that time to exist, and Azkadellia couldn't let go of it.

"People tend to get close when they work together," Callan said from the doorway after a moment. "You learn a lot about someone by how they deal with crisis."

The Queen thought her heart might clench in her chest. She was a runner, then. She caved and folded and let children do the kind of work she should have done herself. DG had to save the OZ from Azkadellia because the Queen couldn't bear to think of her daughter lying dead. She gave up her magic to save her daughter. While she could never regret that decision, it was one that cost the OZ annuals of strife.

"And what kind of woman is my daughter?" the Queen whispered, fingering Azkadellia's long hair.

"Strong enough to do what's necessary, even if she doesn't think much of herself," Della said with a sigh.

"Still dealing with what happened before," Callan added. "It will probably be a long time before the remnants of that fade away."

"That could very well describe everyone in this country," the Queen replied.

"True. Some more than others. Very few know when to let go," Della said, his voice a low rumble.

It sounded almost soothing. The Queen imagined that Azkadellia relied on the two of them very much, needing someone to remind her that she was whole now, that she wasn't anyone's puppet. It was something the Queen would have to remember as well.
***
There were so few Practitioners in the OZ that DG was counted among them. This was beyond troubling, as she knew exactly how little she knew about magical arts. Her sister, the fallen Princess Azkadellia easily knew more about magic; its nature and the Old Ways came easily to her. The only problem was that Azkadellia still lay comatose in her bed following the ordeal at the Northern Ice Floe. DG had managed to save her life, but Azkadellia still hovered somewhere between life and death.

Ine'che remained in the OZ as one of DG's Advisors. Tutor had already exhaused his ability to teach her before she had materialized in the Mirror Zone. Ine'che knew the primal magicks of the wyvern kind, which was very different from the magicks of humans. Humans that shifted to animals as Tutor could were rare, and considered to be Practitioners. He was perhaps the closest thing to kindred for Ine'che, and the difference was palpable. It made her miss her fallen brethren that much more.

Ine'che spent time at the Palace at Central City, wandering through its walls and learning the magic of the place. It was different, subtly different, and the flow of its patterning was just off of what she was used to. The lost prisons at Fenaqua and the Northern Ice Floe had kept for so long because none could register its subtle difference. The Royal House of Gale, however, was gifted with magic born of Faeries, born of the Mirror Zone. They could feel it easily, even if there were none left to teach them what the difference was.

Ine'che found herself in the dungeons. They had been locked away many years ago. There was been no use for such a place in generations. Then came the Sorceress, bitter and angry after so many annuals imprisoned. It had been less than a thousand annuals in the OZ perhaps, but they still felt the flow of time from their home zone. It had been over three thousand Mirror annuals, a thousand OZ annuals and far too long for the sake of either witch's sanity.

She had heard tales of DG, Cain, Raw and Glitch. The palace walls were full of them, full of wonder at the return of their lost princess. They were just as full of vitriol for the other princess, Azkadellia, possessed and manipulated for annuals. Even with recent events, Azkadellia was not safe from the cruel whispers behind half lidded eyes and painted mouths. Whispers were biting, tearing her down to shreds. They told nothing of her sacrifice at the Northern Ice Floe, as she understood what needed to be done and did it. Petty people needed their petty hatred.

Caught up in her wandering, Ine'che found a warded set of rooms. They were clear but unmarked. The wards were no clue, either. She didn't think they were warded by the Sorceress. These felt much, much older. DG had given her free reign in terms of magic and wandering about the OZ, but Ine'che thought perhaps she should be there. She was learning as much magic as she could, and trying to learn how to make her own reliable travel storms. She still intended to return to the Mirror Zone to rescue Ozma from her predicament. She still intended to overthrow Lurlaine.

After a moment's thought, Ine'che began to unweave the ancient warding on the rooms. As she unraveled them, there was still no indication of what might be hidden.

She certainly didn't expect a room full of ancient emeralds of the fabled Emerald City and its weaponry.

Ine'che rewove the wards as she found them. DG had to be informed of this. They had the weapons. Now DG just needed an army.

Ine'che thought of the dozens of faceless servants tittering behind their hands in the corners of the rooms as she passed. She was an unknown entity, an oddity that no one really knew what to do with. DG didn't even know, really, though she knew she wanted to learn magic and she wanted to be a good ruler. She was learning to listen more, learning patience and diplomacy.

Ine'che stopped at the threshold to DG's rooms. The shadows seemed almost out of place, and reminded her almost of the Mirror Zone and its shifting shadowy servants that obeyed Lurlaine's every command.

And suddenly it clicked. Ine'che had an idea as to where DG could get her army.

Pounding on the door, Ine'che swept inside the room. She ignored the fact that DG was dressed in just a plain silk robe and that Wyatt Cain was currently dead asleep in her bed instead of alert and awake. He had run himself ragged trying to be a father to his son as well as protector to DG. They were talking about a wedding, which was just one more thing for him to worry about.

"This sounds important," DG mused, sitting down on a chair in her sitting room. "What is it?"

"I hadn't realized it was this late, so I apologize. But things seem to be looking up on the idea to begin a war."

"What are you talking about?"

"I found emeralds within this castle that have been untouched for many years. And I believe the answer for our army may lie with Lurlaine's many oppressed servants. Many of them might be willing to fight to depose her."

"The big question is who would run the place if she's gone. I'm not going to do it, and I don't want people thinking that's what this is about."

Ine'che hadn't thought of that question, and it gave her a slight pause. "The child is unfit as she is to rule. Perhaps if you gave her the stolen magic and memories back..."

"It's an idea. Assuming she even wants it."

"We can of course see what the local inclinations are among the servants there. It might be possible by travel through the Shadow Lands."

"The Shadow Lands? Where the ghost came from?"

Ine'che nodded. "The places between the Zones, the routes by which the travel storms take. If we travel by the Shadow Lands instead of storms, it might be easier to mask the approach. It may only take a few key servants to turn the tide in our favor. It might even avert a war."

DG didn't think they could avert war, especially given the decisive and nasty outcome of the last one. "We'll think on it. In the morning, we'll go see these emeralds you found, all right?"

Ine'che nodded. They would be able to carry through this plan sooner rather than later, and Queen Lurlaine of the Dawn Sanctuary would soon be deposed. She only wished more of her people were still alive to see it.
***
Lord Herman Siba, Viscount of Green Harbor, was a betting man. He was fairly tall, nearly six feet, and had dark hair and pale coloring. His eyes were just as light a blue as the current Crown Princess', and he knew he could fake interest as well as any other high noble at court. The Queen was a pale and uninteresting thing, but she held the power and the magic of the OZ. He had smiled and bowed and scraped much like the other nobles had, but inside had waited and looked for his time to move into power. Opportunities always presented themselves; he was the younger son of the Green Harbor Court, yet here was with the viscountcy. His older brother Bryant had been consumptive, so it was really just a matter of sending things along to their natural conclusion.

But then came the move that Azkadellia had made as the Sorceress, and really, what else could be done? The Earls had all been summarily killed, as well as some of the Margroves, and Lord Siba had no intention of following suit. He paid the taxes and sent the portions of crops asked for, and did everything a loyal and titled Viscount could possibly do for his Queen. She never seemed to notice his attentions as anything other than her proper due, and then shunted him back to Green Harbor when she dissolved the court.

The Queen liked the idea of Court, liked the idea of the nobility and courtly manners. The Queen had no idea what happened beneath the surface of it, that much was clear. She had no idea how court politics truly worked, had no idea who had been truly loyal to her. The Sorceress had killed all of those with frightening expediency, and there were few allies left. The remnants of the court were all still trying to find their place in the OZ, still trying to figure out where they fit with the new Crown Princess.

She was an Other Sider. It didn't matter that she had been born to the OZ and had been raised there until the Sorceress appeared. Her formative years were on the Other Side, and she didn't know the ways of court or their lands. She didn't know how to belong, how to rule, how to be the Crown Princess. This had nothing to do with the snub at her formal coronation ball the month before, none at all. She was uncouth, untutored, rough and tumble and unpolished. She was the sort of girl that Siba would take a tumble with, but nothing more. She was more like the servants in his manor than a Princess, let alone a Crown Princess. Siba would almost had preferred Azkadellia to remain as the Crown Princess, but she was half dead and it was uncertain how much of her was even capable of rule any longer. Too many of the simple people decried her presence, as if being possessed by a witch of formidable power was an easy thing to shake off. Even if Azkadellia was hale and whole, the people would never accept her as their leader. They preferred their Lost Princess, back from the dead and the Other Side, though they were ignorant rabble and wouldn't know how the OZ actually functioned.

Siba could try to exert his influence over the lovely, lost Crown Princess. It was a short step from Advisor to Consort, in his opinion. Easy access to the Princess would let him be irreplaceable. From there, it was only a matter of time before he could rule the OZ.

Green Harbor was such a tiny and insignificant place in the OZ. His ambition deserved a bigger and better place.
***
"What luck brings me here now?" Carol groused, looking up at the dark sky. She had been selling her wares with no luck; it was too cold, and those desperately lonely men willing to walk the back alleys simply weren't out and about any longer. It was too late, too cold, too dark. She knew she wasn't anything interesting or important, just another girl half-dressed in the alley trying to rub two coins together by the end of the night. It was impossible to channel her lack of skills anywhere, and her stepfather had already convinced her this was all she was good for. Common tale, nothing worth remembering or repeating.

A shadow detached itself from the wall and slid into hers. It oozed toward her feet, sliding smoothly through her shadow in the dim lamplight. There was no one to see the subtle difference in darkness, the play of dead black on black. The shadow curled around her stockinged feet, sliding a tendril along the inside of her knee.

Carol shuddered at the cold, peering into the dark. She had no money, nothing for food in the hovel she shared with six other girls. Each of them were just as starved as she was, just as hollow and empty and hopeless. She wasn't special in the least.

The shadow slipped beneath her skirt and crawled up her torso through the holes in her dress. She was thin, almost skeletal from lack of food, and it wasn't hard to dip into the angles where the bones of her ribs cast shadows against her skin. She might have been pretty once, might have been worth something once.

She could feel the cold against her skin, sharp and biting, as if it had teeth. It sank into her, the shivering setting her spine and teeth chattering against each other. She was so cold it was nearly burning, a cold fire against the thin skin covering her bones.

The shadow squeezed tight, tight, sinking beneath the chilled flesh and sliding into the empty spaces that should have had flesh. Yes.

And then Carol straightened, gazed about the darkness with ink black eyes, and began to walk.
***
***