Age of Aquarius -- Chapter Six: Mouth Pussy by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: MF, MMFF, MFg(10), first, oral, anal, preg, romance

Summary: Set in the Summer of Love, 1968, this is the story of how the arrival of a special family at a hippy commune in the Catskills changed the protagonist's life forever. As with most of my stories, this one's really a love story.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



"I'm sorry," Rachel said, in a quiet, pathetic voice, as she stood in front of me in the swimming pond with her hands concealing her chest from my view. "I'm just... really shy."

"That's okay, sweetheart," I tried to reassure her. "I understand."

But at this point, my previous assumptions about her motives were gone entirely from my head, and I rose up out of the water, my cock once again fully engorged, and her beautiful blue eyes once again fell to stare at my manhood. She stared, unabashedly, as I walked to her, and then I took her in my arms and hugged her, and kissed her on the forehead. She looked up at me, and I kissed her again, this time on the lips.

"Should we go lay in the sun?" I asked her, my shaking voice belying my effort to sound as casual as I could.

Still looking up at me, the young girl nodded.

As we walked out of the pond, she kept an arm across her chest. But now, unfortunately, there was something else to keep my cock excited; her little flower print cotton panties were once again soaked, and clinging transparently. The shape of her pubic mound was revealed almost as if she were naked, and below that, the cleft of her ten year old pussy, with just a hint of the hood of a tiny clit peeking out.

I lay down in the grass at the edge of the pond and reached up to invite her to lay down next to me. With her arm was still concealing her nipples, she snuggled up against me, probably because she knew how revealing her panties were now, and how this had attracted my attention, and she was able to hide the graphic view from my gaze by pressing against my hip. This had another advantage, though, since she was now lying on her side and I could see her bottom through her soaked and nearly-transparent panties; two plump pale cheeks that were remarkably reminiscent of a womanly ass that I had seen just that very morning.

And yet, as I remembered holding tight to her mother's hips while I fucked her over the kitchen table, I realized that Rachel's ass might be sweetly round like Emily's, but her hips were narrow and girlish. Nonetheless, I had the sudden vision of me kneeling behind her and holding tight to those narrow childish hips, and for the first time since I had met her, I allowed myself the pleasure of truly imagining having sex with Rachel. The thought of grabbing those young hips while I drive my cock into her little pussy caused my heart to race and my balls to ache, and I was momentarily overcome with a desire to climb above of her, yank those panties down, and fuck her like a little whore. And I knew Alice would say that this is exactly what Rachel wanted me to do.

But I restrained myself. Ten year old Rachel was not the same girl that ten year old Alice had been. While Alice may have been quite ready for sex at that age, Rachel was shy, demure, reclusive. Hers was surely a more delicate case. So, though my mind was filled with thoughts of forcing myself on her, I opted instead to gently put my arm around her naked back, to lean down and kiss her forehead. Once again she lifted those baby blues to look up at me, and I leaned down a little further and kissed her on the lips. As we kissed, I slid my hand down until it was cupped around an ass cheek, and she let out a sweet little moan into my mouth as my fingers gently squeezed, kneading the soft plump flesh.

And then we kissed, and kissed, and kissed. Eventually I let go of her ass and I slipped my hand back up, then over, to her chest. To my surprise, she moved her arm to invite my touch, and my exploring fingers found the swollen flesh of a nipple, a little nubbin awaking to my touch and stiffening under my fingertip. While I petted her, she put her hand across my chest and did the same to me--finding a nipple and gently petting.

We lay there together, tongues flirting in her mouth and gently stroking each other's nipples, until we heard some hippies laughing as they ran from the house and down the lawn, and we quickly dressed.

I guess Hitchhiker was right, after all, about me and my little girlfriend!




The house band had a jam session that night, and the freaky tripping hippies danced.

While we were playing, I looked around to see if Rachel had come down to hear the band, and I was disappointed, and a little worried, that I couldn't find her. I even played a couple Dylan songs, in the hope that it would attract the girl, but to no avail. But as I scanned the audience to look for her, I noticed Alice and Emily standing together, talking and giggling, and occassionally looking over at me and John. I wondered what they were up to, but I didn't have to wait long to find out.

After the band finished, the ladies came over to us, and Alice quite forwardly plopped herself down on John's lap in a most flirtatious manner as he sat in his wheelchair. "It has come to my attention," she announced, "that Mrs. Richter has never given a guy a blow job before! I think she should give Brian a blow job. Would that be okay with you, Mr. Richter?"

John laughed. "Of course!"

Emily gave me a little shrug an an uncertain smile. And then beautiful petite Emily Richter, with the nice big tits and a demure smile almost a sweet as her daughter's, nervously, and a bit clumsily, knelt in front of me and began unbuttoning my pants, right there in the dining hall with all the freaky people milling around and still dancing after the jam session. Emily really was a little porn star exhibitionist!

She pulled my pants down to my ankles, then freed my cock from the confines of my underwear, opened her mouth wide, leaned in, and I felt the warm paradise of her lips and tongue gently, sweetly, wrapped around my glans. The little lady might not have known what she was doing, but damn it felt good nonetheless.

I looked over at Alice, still sitting on John's lap, to see her reaction. But it wasn't exactly the reaction I was expecting. She and John were busy tonguing each other, his hand aggressively kneeding at one of her little tits. Well, this was an interesting development. By herself, Em was doing her best, trying fumblingly to stroke me while she ineffectually sucked, and Alice, apparently done making out with Richter for the moment, slid off his lap and got on her knees in front of him. With his hands on the armrests of his chair, Richter lifted himself up slightly, and Alice pulled down his pants, and she buried her face in his crotch, at the same time slipping a hand down her own pants.

In all the naked orgies that had been held at the Hillcroft Manor that summer, this was the first time anyone had ever involved Richter in the activities. Partly, no doubt, this is because people found the fact that he was in a wheelchair intimidating, or even off-putting. And partly it was because he held a sort of hallowed position in the community as elder statesman and spiritual mentor/guru. It was hardly surprising that Alice paid neither of these the least bit of heed. That wasn't the way Hitchhiker rolled. And I have to admit, my admiration for her, already quite large, increased even more as I watched her on her knees in front of the wheelchair-bound Richter, masturbating while she sucked his ineffective cock.

Meanwhile, his wife was doing her best, but alas, her best wasn't very good. Eventually, Alice remembered her role in Emily's sexual education, and pulled away from Richter's cock. "I'm gonna go help Mrs. Richter now, okay?" she asked the man. He grinned, and nodded.

Down on her knees now next to Emily, Alice started coaching. "Bob your head up and down, just like your mouth's a pussy and you're fucking him. That's what the guy who taught me always said--'Your mouth's a pussy. Fuck my cock with it just like it's a pussy.'"

"That's so hot!" her student said, before she went down again and started bobbing on my head.

"I know! I loved it when he talked like that! 'Fuck me with your mouth-pussy, little slut!'"

"Mmmm!"

"Fuck Brian with your mouth-pussy, Mrs. Richter! Just like you're his little slut! Like you're his little girlfriend!"

Emily's enthusiasm increased and she began to get the hang of it, bobbing and sucking.

Alice reached her hand out and cupped her fingers around my sack. "You have to play with his balls, too. Guys love it when you play with their balls when you're giving them a blow job, don't you, Brian?"

"Yeah," I said, breathlessly.

"And you should kiss his balls, too!"

Brimming with her new-found enthusiasm, Emily pulled off my head and bent down and nuzzled into my nutsack. Alice took this opportunity to take my cock into her mouth, and she sucked and stroked while Em kissed and licked. Alice lifted her eyes, watching me. "He's getting close, Mrs. Richter, I can tell! Quick, come back up so he can cum in your mouth!"

In an instant, Emily had her lips wrapped around my head, her hands at my balls, Alice still stroking.

"Do you want to cum in her mouth, Brian?" Alice said in the affected voice of a little girl. "Do you want to make her swallow it? Just like she's your little girlfriend? Come on, cum in your slutty little girlfriend's mouth-pussy! Make her swallow it!"

Alice sure knew how to get me off. It was like she'd somehow managed to worm her way into my sexual psyche, and she knew even better than me my deepest, darkest desires. Yes, I did want to cum in my little girlfriend's mouth. I did want to make Rachel my slutty cum-swallower. Oh, god, I want to soooo badly!

A second later, Emily's mouth was full with the first shot of my ejaculate. No doubt, she'd never experienced a man's orgasm as intimately as this, and her face shuttered as I fired my second shot. She pulled away then, and Alice squealed with delight as I finish emptying my balls onto my little girlfriend's beautiful face.




When I sat down on Rachel's bed the next afternoon for our guitar lesson, she had a nervous, uncertain air about her. And I was worried. The fact that she hadn't come down to hear the band the night before was disconcerting, and what little glimmer of hope that I had that it might signify nothing, and that we might still spend the afternoon's "guitar lesson" making out in the maid's room, disappeared completely, replaced by an overwhelming concern that I had pushed too far. That I had made her uncomfortable and upset.

I cursed myself, and Alice, for having inserted this unnecessary obstacle into our once free and easy relationship. Not knowing what else to do, and no doubt wanting to avoid the conversation that we obviously needed to have, I just started strumming a twelve bar blues progression and encouraged her to play some lead. She did, but with little enthusiasm. After a bit, I stopped. Succumbing to the inevitable, I took a deep breath. "Rachel, is something wrong?"

Still holding on to her guitar, she looked up at me with those big blue eyes that seemed to be shining with wetness, like she was about to start to cry. "No," she answered, in a plaintive little voice.

I knew that wasn't a truthful answer. I knew had to prod further. "You don't seem to be into playing guitar today..."

"No," she said, in that same plaintive voice, "not really."

"And last night, you didn't come down to hear the band."

"I did, though," she answered. "I watched from the top of the stairs."

"Oh! I looked for you but I didn't see you. I played some Dylan for you."

"I know! I heard! I was gonna come down when you were done, but then..."

Suddenly it dawned on me that she must have seen her mother giving me a blow job. Shit! "Your mom..." I fumbled, trying to find the right thing to say. "She'd never... She wasn't cheating on your dad," I said, settling on one thing that I thought might be bothering her about what happened. "He knows that your mom and I--"

"I know..."

"And it's not like she's my girlfriend," I moved to another thing that I thought maybe was bothering her, "she just hadn't ever--"

"It looked like you really liked it." Though the context seemed accusatorial, her tone was something more along the lines of curiosity. That confused me, caused me to stumble.

"Yeah, but..."

"And, Mom liked it, too? And that other girl--"

"Alice."

"Yeah, Alice. She liked it, too?"

I had no idea where the hell she was going with this. "Yeah, I guess," I fumbled along. "Some girls really like it."

"Oh." She looked down, clearly nervous. But at that point, my slow brain finally began to figure out what her nervousness and hesitancy may have been about.

"Do you think that you might like it?" Even the mere act of asking the question caused a sudden quickening of my heart rate.

She looked up, wide-eyed. "I don't know. Do you think I would?"

"Yeah, you might. A lot of girls do."

The ten year old looked down again, obviously too nervous to take her thoughts to the next level.

Well, I knew what Alice would think I should do. So I steeled my nerves, and bravely forged ahead. "Rachel," I said, "would you want to try it?"

Those big eyes looked up again. "Maybe? If... If you want to? If it'd be okay with you?"



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
