Sam didn’t think it was possible to be too upset and guilt-stricken to throw up, but apparently he was wrong. Nausea had been tap dancing through his stomach ever since he had realized what he’d done to Dean, and that rich dinner—the steak and dill potatoes and German chocolate cake that was supposed to have been Dean’s last meal—still hadn’t come up. He’d given up leaning over the trashcan a half hour ago, and now he was sitting on the edge of his bed. His hands dangled uselessly between his knees while he stared at the bathroom door and waited.

Waited for Dean to finish his second shower of the night or for him to end it.

If he still wanted to kill himself, then Sam wasn’t going to stop him. If Dean was dead, then no one would be able to hurt him anymore. Sam wouldn’t be able to hurt him anymore. And although uncertainty was pretty much Sam’s byword these days, he knew that Dean wasn’t going to Hell. Sam had revoked his brother’s pass for that particular ride, and he was sure that, suicide or not, Dean wouldn’t be getting another one. Sure, Sam would die within a few seconds of his brother, and he was going straight down (and wouldn’t the demons be thrilled with him for depriving them of a matched set?), but he didn’t really deserve any better. Not anymore.

He dropped his head forward into his hands. How the hell could he have forced himself on Dean? What in the world had possessed him to violate his brother like that? Yeah, he’d been half out of his mind trying to come up with a way to convince Dean that there were other options than suicide, but surely he could have found a better way to make his point. Preferably something that didn’t involve shoving his tongue down Dean’s throat.

He kissed back, he thought for the hundredth time, twisting his hands in his hair. He didn’t say no.

Of course he didn’t, came the ready answer. He’s infected with incubus hunger. He can’t say no: he isn’t capable of it. 

Which meant, didn’t it, that Sam had basically just raped his brother?

Jesus Christ.

Sam wanted to cry and couldn’t: his eyes were already overly dry and puffy from the tears he’d shed into the trashcan while he was waiting to throw up. He’d reached the point where he was almost hoping that Dean would end it. That Dean would put a stop to this before Sam had to look him in the face again.

Great. Now he was a coward as well as a rapist. If Dad were here, he would have kicked Sam’s ass six ways from Sunday. Hell, if Dad were here, he would have shot him dead in a heartbeat.

The bathroom door jerked open clumsily—that was the only way it was going to open until it had been replaced—and Sam scrambled to his feet. His heart, which seemed to have gotten stuck in his esophagus, was beating so quickly it was tripping over itself. His mind was screaming at him to run—to run now before he really got a good look at his brother.

But Dean deserved better than that, so Sam forced himself to stay put. Made himself watch as Dean edged out into the bedroom with a towel wrapped around his waist. Sam’s mouth dropped open before he could stop it, but luckily Dean wasn’t looking at him. Dean’s eyes were focused about three feet to Sam’s left.

“I, uh, need some clean clothes,” Dean said.

Of course he did. What did Sam think, that he was coming out here for seconds? Bursting into motion, he darted over to the foot of the other bed to grab Dean’s duffel. Then he turned around and faltered, trying to figure out what to do now. In order to give Dean the bag, he would have to go over to his brother, but he didn’t want to alarm him—didn’t want to fuck things up more than he already had. His stomach turned over wretchedly as he hesitated.

“I’m not gonna be able to get dressed with you holding my clothes for ransom.” The words were joking, but Dean’s voice was tight with an anxiety that bordered on fear.

Oh, Jesus, just give him the bag. Stumbling forward, Sam held the duffle out. “Sorry,” he said quickly. “Here.”

Dean caught one edge of the bag as Sam swung it toward him and then backed into the bathroom. A moment later, the door was forced shut again.

Sam stared at the splintered wood with his hands limp at his side. He considered fleeing again, but unless he was prepared to leave for good (I can’t: it’s selfish, but I can’t give him up again) then he was going to have to face Dean sooner or later. Putting the confrontation off would just make it worse when it finally came. Besides, Sam wasn’t going anywhere until he knew that Dean was going to be all right.

When Dean came out of the bathroom again, he was wearing a baggy t-shirt and a loose pair of sweats. Sam was sitting in one of the chairs at the table, which left his brother a clear path to either the bed or the door.

Carrying his duffle with both hands in front of him, Dean took two steps into the room and stopped. “How do you feel?”

Sam, who had been ready for either a flow of recriminations and abuse, or a dull silence, flinched at the soft question. “I, uh … I don’t … um …”

“Physically,” Dean clarified. “You feel weak? Tired?”

Oh, Dean wanted to know if feeding the incubus hunger had hurt him at all. Now that Sam thought about it, he’d hardly noticed a difference in his energy level. Maybe he’d been a little more lethargic than normal after his orgasm, but that hadn’t really been a normal orgasm, had it? It had been so much more intense, and wonderful, and … And you raped him, you sick bastard!

Sam swallowed and then said, meekly, “I’m okay.”

“Good,” Dean grunted. He let go of the duffle with one hand and started for his bed.

Sam watched Dean drop his bag on the floor and start pulling back his covers and couldn’t hold it in anymore. “Dean, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have done that—I didn’t mean to—God, I’m so sorry, I—”

“I don’t want to talk about it,” Dean muttered. He climbed into the bed and rolled over on his side so that Sam couldn’t see his face.

“We can’t just ignore it!” Sam insisted, and Jesus, had he always been this masochistic?

“I’m tired, Sam.” The whispered words derailed Sam completely. Left him even more off-balance and guilty than he had been before. Dean’s entire body was stiff: the position he was lying in was artificial and strained.

Sam’s throat worked for a moment before he could manage to force out, “Do you want me to go?”

Dean didn’t answer him immediately, and Sam was getting ready to ask again when he finally said, “Maybe you should. I can’t—I need some time to—to think about this.”

“Okay,” Sam whispered hoarsely. His heartbeat seemed to pound in his vision as he gathered his stuff together and packed it into his duffle. Dean quietly lay there and faced the wall while Sam packed, but Sam could tell from the tension in his brother’s back that he was acutely aware of what was going on behind him. Finally, Sam stood next to the door with his bag slung over his shoulder.

“You can … if you need to, you can call me, okay? Anything you—whenever you want.”

Dean didn’t say anything—didn’t even offer a goodbye as Sam walked out the door—but Sam figured that his brother’s silence was answer enough.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Staring at himself in the bathroom mirror, Dean fingered the bite mark on the side of neck. Sam had done that. Sam’s teeth—Sam’s mouth—all over his skin. Dean let his hand slip lower, to the bruises his brother had left across his collarbone. He’d had full out, wild sex for hours and not gotten this marked up. Sam had had him pressed up against the bathroom wall for, what, four minutes?

Dean realized that he’d gotten hard staring at the marks his brother had left on him and turned away from the mirror with an abrupt motion. A snort of derision huffed out of him as he paced back into the bedroom. You’d think that after almost a full week of seeing those bruises—that bite—every time he passed a reflective surface, he’d have gotten used to them by now.

It was supposed to be easier to think with Sam gone, damn it. Dean was supposed to be getting his head back on straight—was supposed to be figuring out what had happened—and he was no closer to managing any of it than he had been when Sam had walked out the door. He was supposed to be convincing himself that this was wrong and could in no way be allowed to happen again—that he didn’t want this: didn’t want Sam (his little brother whom he was supposed to be protecting, for fuck’s sake) like this—and was failing miserably on those counts as well.

Dean had spent the first day or so turning over that unveiled memory of watching Sam in California. He’d been sure that there was a rational explanation for what had happened there. But in the end there was no getting around the fact that it had been Sam he was thinking about when he wrapped his hand around his cock. It had been Sam’s name that had stuttered past his lips as he came.

By the afternoon of the second day, things had only gotten worse. Once he had been forced to acknowledge the truth of what had happened on that blinding summer day, a hundred other memories had suddenly cropped up:

Patching up the gash on Sam’s upper thigh where the kid had been thrown into the corner of a table by a poltergeist and enjoying the warmth of his brother’s skin a little too much;

Watching appreciatively from the corner of his eyes as an exhausted Sam shucked off his shirt and jeans and flopped onto the bed in nothing more than a worn pair of boxers;

Listening to his brother jerk off in the middle of the night after his date with Sarah when he thought that Dean was asleep;

Wanting to lean across a chipped diner table and lick the smear of jam off the corner of Sam’s mouth;

Catching some stranger’s eyes on his brother and needing to touch, to claim, to make sure that they knew that Sam was his and he wasn’t sharing.

He felt like his brain had turned into hostile territory over night and was ruthlessly trying to damn him with evidence of his perversion.

Dean laughed hollowly. ‘Perversion’, right. Because he believed that. Because he actually felt bad about wanting to fuck his own brother. As he ran a hand through his hair distractedly, Dean grimaced.

God, he should feel bad. He shouldn’t want this—should be disgusted by the very thought of it—but he couldn’t manage to summon up the correct emotions. It was really moronic to feel guilty about not feeling guilty, but then again Dean had never claimed to be a smart guy.

Never claimed to be all that moral, either, although this was certainly a little further out there than anything else he’d ever done. Helen’s face flickered in his mind and Dean corrected himself with a sharp sting of remorse. Wanting to fuck his brother was more amoral than anything else that he’d ever done willingly.

If he’d known for sure that Sam wanted him back, then Dean would have thrown ethics and convention to the proverbial winds in about a second. But he wasn’t sure at all, which led him yet again to the circles his mind had been tracing for the last four days.

Dean came out of his thoughts to the realization that he had wandered into the bathroom again. Cursing, he resolutely strode back out and yanked the broken door as closed as it would go.

Okay, a little distraction seemed in order here. Maybe he should head down to the café where he’d been eating all his meals: there was this little brunette waitress who had definite potential. He was halfway to the door before he remembered, with a lurch of his stomach, that if he tried anything beyond a little light flirting, he’d probably end up killing her.

Damn it! Damn Sam all to hell for making that deal in the first place. Damn him for kissing Dean and fucking everything up even worse.

That’s right, he kissed you: doesn’t that mean he’s as interested in this as you are?

And just like that, Dean was back on the hamster wheel again.

Yeah, Sam had kissed him. But Dean had been a wreck at the time, and had absolutely no control over the siren song. Sam was a red-blooded, young guy, who had been worked up himself, and anger wasn’t all that far from passion, was it? Especially with a demonic shove in the right direction.

And siren song notwithstanding, Sam could have started that little scene in the bathroom as a misguided attempt to save Dean; he was certainly selfless enough to do a stupid thing like that.

But then again, hadn’t the crossroads demon told Dean that Sam wanted him? Hadn’t it been her words that had begun to shake that sun-warmed memory loose in the first place? Demons knew shit like that: they could see into the darkest corners of a person’s heart. Maybe she’d seen into Sam’s.

Or maybe … maybe she’d seen into Dean’s. Maybe she’d seen his twisted desires for his brother and decided to lie about Sam in the hopes that it would push Dean into doing something. Watching him molest his unwilling little brother would probably be her idea of primetime entertainment.

What about after, then? he thought, swinging back the other way. What about the way he was kissing me after? The siren song had been quiet then, with the hunger sated. Those soft, gentle kisses—the nudges to make him turn his head and kiss back—Sam wouldn’t have offered those if he hadn’t felt something, right?

Or maybe he’d been too lost in the afterglow to realize what he was doing, and whom he was doing it with.

Dean pulled out his phone for what had to be the five hundredth time. He flipped it open and stared down at the display. Sam was number three on speed dial. Dean could just press a button and have this whole thing settled in a few minutes.

But what was he supposed to say? ‘Hey, Sammy, I can’t stop thinking about that night we dry humped each other against the bathroom wall. You wanna go again, or is it just me?’ probably wasn’t the way to go.

And Jesus Christ, what if Sam said no? What if he was pissed—or worse, disgusted—that Dean had manipulated him?

Dean swore under his breath and lobbed the phone across the room. It bounced off the bed before hitting the floor, where it presented a mute reminder that Dean Winchester was a fucking coward. As he stared at it, wild eyed and a little frantic, the cell vibrated and a small red light flashed on and off.

Someone had just sent him a text.

With a sinking suspicion that he knew exactly who had just contacted him, Dean edged toward the phone. It wasn’t a mute reminder anymore: it was a goddamned snake. Very venomous. Fatal, even. He considered just leaving it there—nothing said that he had to read what (Sam) whoever had texted him. He could just … accidentally drop the phone in the toilet.

Yeah, because that’s a solution.

Clenching his jaw, Dean picked up the phone and flipped it open. When asked if he wished to view his text message, he selected yes.

ARE YOU OK?

Just eight letters and a fucking question mark and suddenly he was missing his brother like it had been a year instead of a week.

Fuck this shit, Dean thought. Within ten minutes, he was tossing his bag into the back seat of the Impala and peeling out of the parking lot. Sam hadn’t mentioned where he was going when he left—probably hadn’t known himself at that point—but it didn’t take a genius to figure out where he’d headed once he started thinking straight again.

When he reached I-90 almost two hours after he’d set out, Dean headed west. Toward South Dakota.

Toward his brother.