TWINS IN LOVE


CHAPTER 36

    I was so excited with the feeling of the tightness of mom's ass. Her seeming to love my thrusting. 
It made me happy knowing she was feeling happy at my fucking her this way.
The tightness around my cock was wonderful. 
"OOOOHHH Mom, this feels so different, so nice."

   "Yes it does honey. I've always enjoyed it like this with your dad." I cum much differently when he fucks me like this."

"Now you too, Kenny. Now you have had all of me. "
You have my mouth to suck you, my pussy, and now my ass...all of me, anytime you need me honey."

"Only your father has had all of me like this."

Oh mom, I'm almost there again. I'm...".Go honey, shoot in me. Fill my ass with your wonderful cum."
"Enjoy yourself in me, like your father is enjoying Marie."

   Both of them were sitting with arms around each other,  their legs in the pool, as I began to explode deep in mom's ass.
Mom's hands grabbed the window sill tightly as she felt me cumming in her.
"OOOOHHH I feel you shooting honey." OOOHH I love it so. I feel your warm cum filling me."
"Give it all to me honey. You're making me cum too baby."
'fuck me. Fuck me harder baby. Empty your wonderful cum in me."

My hips were thrusting harder now, as my spurts exploded into mom's ass.
I felt my cock expanding with each spurt.
The ring of her ass clutching my cock tightly. Draining my cock on each stroke.
It felt wonderful.
My back was arched and stiffened as I rammed tightly into her through this cum.
Her ass wiggled and urged back tightly to me. Wanting all of me in there.
Mom was moaning along with me through this orgasm.
I was bent over her now, clutching hard at her hanging tits in my hands. Her nipples so hard in my fingers. 
Feeling her ass spasm around my spurting cock.

As the last of my spurts finally subsided, I pulled mom back to me, and held her tightly to me. My cock still buried deep in her.
My hands were roughly cupping her tits as my lips searched for her neck.
I pinched her nipples and forced her to moan even louder as I nibbled her neck through my final spasms.
My cock felt super sensitive now.

Finally mom fell forward to the sill again, pleading with me to stay in her a little longer.
Pushing her ass to stay tight to my now empty cock.

   I could feel her ass massaging my cock still deep within her.
She really did love this, I thought.

I leaned forward and kissed her back and shoulders, and finally pulled out of her. My cock making a muted popping noise as it withdrew from her ass.

    Again I pulled her up to me and kissed her hard.
Tonight we were just plain lovers. Two very sexually excited lovers.
Mom's hands were on my neck as she leaned back to look up at me.
"Oh Honey, I loved it. I hoped you did too."
"You now have had my complete womanhood."

 " I did love it mom. I really came hard with this one."
"You feel so different in there."
"I know honey. Your dad loves it too."

We turned and looked down at dad and Marie again. 
They were now laying next to each other on an air mattress, resting.
Both of their naked bodies glistening with sweat.

Mom took my hand and led me into the shower.

    We sudsed and washed each other like any other excited couple.
"I'm going down there honey." I'm going to tell your dad about us in a little while."

"Oh mom, are you sure?" "It might really cause a lot of trouble?"
"He might want to kill both of us?"
"No, honey. I think I know your father by now."

Mom was pressed tight to me now, her arms around my neck as we stood under the warm spray.
"I don't think its a good idea mom. Really."

"Don't worry honey. Tonight, the ice has been broken. Watching his enjoyment as Marie sucked him."
"Watching him enjoy fucking her like he just did."

   "Yes." she said. "Now is the right time to tell him."
"Its the right time for both of our deepest wishes to be shared."
"Well, I'm not all that sure he will like the idea of me making love with you, mom."
"Don't worry honey. I know how to handle your father."

    "Mom...I have to tell you something else too."
She looked up at me, her hair now soaked from the spray. Her eyes quizzing mine.

   "Mom.....You need to know about.....You need to know about Karen and me." I finally blurted out.

I felt her stiffen. her eyes widened. 
"You mean You and your own twin sister?"
I kind of lowered my eyes now, and shook my head affirmatively.

    "It just seemed to happen between us mom. I can't explain it."
"Oh Kenny." "You mean that you're f...."
"Yes mom." I was still holding my arms around her.
My softened cock still pressed tightly against her pussy.

    "It started the weekend you and dad took the trip. The day of the big school dance. Karen and I just seemed to open to each other finally.
She admitted that she wanted to become a woman, desperately. She wanted ME to be her very first man. 
She wanted ME to make her a woman, mom."

    "Oh God, Kenny." "You should have told me."
"I am mom. I'm telling you now."
We stepped out of the shower, and quickly dried each other in silence.
"You mean you've been fucking your own sister like you fuck me?"
I looked into her eyes. Somehow, I sensed shock, excitement, and more questioning in them.
"She wanted ME to teach her how to suck a man. She was going to the dance with Bobby, and wanted to please him like the other girls were doing with THEIR boyfriends."

   "After the initial embarrassments mom, I showed her how to suck a man." She did me." 
She enjoyed it as much as I did mom. We have seen each other naked off and on through the years.
"We went to one of her favorite spots in the woods behind us and she spread out a blanket. We each had a beer, and then made love for the first time."

    "She wanted it from ME, mom."
"Later, when we were all getting ready for the dance, I was sitting on her bed watching her fix her makeup."
She was still naked, getting ready to put on her dress.
"We made love again on her bed and Cindy walked in and caught us."
"Cindy seemed OK with it, and didn't make much of it, after the initial shock."

   "I make love with HER too mom."
"Oh God, her TOO Kenny?
"Yes mom. Cindy wanted to learn how to suck a man also."
"She sucked me in front of Karen and really seemed happy about it."
"All off us came back here that night with our dates."
"All of us were in different bedrooms and we all were making love."
"OHHHH Kenny...."
"You mean all this time you've been fucking both your sisters, Donna, and ME too?"

   I lowered my head and softly said yes.
"Are you still fucking them?"
"Off and on mom."
"Not for about a week now."
"They're busy with their boyfriends, and I'm busy with Donna and you right now.....AND Marie."

"Well, I'm glad that I got them on the pill anyway."
"Donna knows only a little about Karen, mom."
"Karen has only sucked me in front of Donna a couple times, but we haven't fucked in front of her yet."
Donna is fine with it.....so far."

"OOOOHHH Kenny. We'll talk about this tommorrow."
Mom reached for her thin duster and slipped it over her shoulders.
She looked up at me, but didn't say anything. I knew a lot of questions were buzzing around in her head.

   Finally she leaned up and gave me a kiss.
Her hands went down to cup my cock and balls as she kissed me.
"Do you have enough cum to make love with me again later?"
"I think so mom."

"Listen, I want you to stay up here and watch us when I go down there."
I will give you a signal when I think the time is right for you to come down with us."
"Tonight, your father is getting his wishes and a whole lot more."

    "it seem's I've been raising a family of sluts." mom smiled.
It appeared that she was accepting all that I had told her.
She turned once again and leaned up to kiss me.
Her duster still opened, but just barely covering her nipples.
She went to her mirror and brushed her hair, and fixed her makeup quickly.
 Her hands once again going down to cup my cock as she quickly kissed me.
"Keep him ready honey. I want a lot more of you tonight."

   "OK, kiddo. Stand by to watch your own mother act like a slut with your father."
"I'm going to blow the doors off our quiet sex life, right now!" she smiled.
 
      Mom quickly went down the stairs and I went to my bedroom window again.
Marie was sitting to dad's side on the deck, as he reclined on the lounge.
She was softly and slowly caressing his cock with her head on his thigh.
Dad was stroking her long hair softly.

    Soon, mom was walking up on the deck. She walked right in front of them and smiled down at dad. The duster just barely covering her tits, but her trimmed blond pussy  was in plain view.

   "I hope you've been enjoying my Birthday present to you honey." she said to him.

"Ohhhh Rita, I certainly.....OOOOH Honey. I NEVER expected......."
"I know baby. But I also know that you've always wanted to make love with another woman."
"Has Marie satisfied you honey?"

"Oh God yes, Rita."
"Good. She was instructed to please you in any nmanner you REQUIRED of her."
"Yes, I was, Tom. "
"I hope I have been satisfactory to you so far?"

Oh yes, Marie. More than I could have ever hoped for."
Marie's hand was still holding dad's cock softly, not knowing what mom had in mind now.

    "She's also pleased our son, too, Tom."
"She has???" 
"Yes."
"It was Kenny's suggestion that Marie also fulfill YOUR dream too honey."
A LOT of this was HIS idea honey."
"I don't believe it. Kenny wanted Marie to make love with me?"
"Yes!"
"I went along with the idea immediately when Kenny mentioned it, darling."

    "Marie has wanted to thank you, and please YOU and Kenny for all that you  both have done for her and Donna."

   "Yes, she's right, Tom. I want to give you all the pleasure you may REQUIRE of me. Rita wants this also."

"Both you and Kenny have treated us so very kind. You have taken us away from those horrible beatings and being treated like slaves."
"I pleasure your son whenever he REQUIRES me. My daughter also wants to repay you for your kindness too, Tom."
"You mean Donna wants to make love with me too?"
"Yes!" It is perfectly OK with me too, Honey." mom added.

     "Your long time dreams are coming true tonight and every other night from now on honey." mom smiled.

"Ohhh Rita honey, I don't know what to say."
"Nothing honey." Just enjoy the pleasure from now on."

   Marie or me will be available to pleasure you anytime from now on. Right, Marie?"

"Oh yes, Rita. I will be more than happy to pleasure Tom and Kenny." Her hand now stroking dad's cock a little more firmly as she spoke.
Mom now dropped the duster to the pile of other clothes on the deck.
I could see her standing there completely naked and caressing her tits as she smiled down at dad.
"I would like you to suck my husband's wonderful cock again Marie. Don't make him cum though."

   "Sure Rita. I would love to suck him."
Marie now moved between dad's legs and stroked his cock as she smiled up to him.

    "I enjoy giving you this pleasure Tom."
"I hope I please you as much as you have pleasured ME tonight."
"Oh, you have Marie. I'm just a little overwhelmed by all of this."
"Just relax honey, and enjoy Marie's mouth on your wonderful cock."
Mom was now stroking her hands up and down her body as she watched Marie begin to suck dad.
Dad was moaning softly as he watched both Marie, and mom at the same time.
Mom cupped her tits and pinched her nipples as she watched .
I could see her glancing up to my window with a smile, as she seemed to be offering her tits to me too.
My cock was raging as I watched.

   Mom's hands went down to caress her pussy mound now.
She knew dad was getting excited as Marie went up and down on his hard cock.
   "I made love with our son tonight honey."
"I was sucking our son's cock, while Marie was sucking you." It has been my dream too honey."
"WHAT? YOU MEAN YOU SUCKED OUR SON???"

  "Yes honey. I've had a deep desire to make love with our own son for a long time honey."
"Its not as bad as you think, baby. I really enjoyed him baby."
Mom was now sliding her fingers into her slit as she smiled at him.
"Yes. I've wanted to feel what it would be like to have our own son since I noticed him growing to be a man."

"OHHHH Rita, I don't believe it." "You really sucked our son off like you suck me?"
"Yes, baby. I sucked his cum while Marie was sucking yours at the same time.
"We were both watching you all evening up in his room."

"You mean....?"
"Yes!. Mom's hands went back to her tits now as she spoke. 
Marie was sucking dad softly all the while, causing dad's hips to slowly rise and fall at her pleasuring.

    "Kenny fucked me tonight also honey. He was fucking me at the same time you were fucking Marie."
His cock exploded deep in my pussy and really made me cum too, honey. While you were cumming in Marie, Kenny was cumming in me."
"I was so turned on honey."
"Watching you being pleasured and having your dream come true with Marie."
"Yes, I wanted you to know that I have wanted our son for a long time now, and we have ben making love."

    "Oh Rita. This is so hard to believe."
"Are you mad honey?"
"No, Rita, just really surprised that you never told me you wanted to make love with our own son."
"How is Marie's blowjob, honey?"

"Oh, it's wonderful. She really makes me feel nice honey."

"Thank you!", Marie said, and went back to licking up and down dad's cock.
She was doing as mom said. Not making dad come to the point of cumming, all during this time. 

    "Tonight Kenny fucked me in the ass honey. While you were deep in Marie's ass, Kenny was deep in mine."
"Both of US were cumming along with both of you down here."
"I loved it honey. I really did."
"We were watching you being pleasured as you fucked Marie."
"Now, you have another surprise for your birthday honey."
"This will be the other part of your long time dream."

    "Marie, you can stop sucking him now. I would like you to pleasure ME now."

   "Why sure Rita. I would love to."
"Lick my pussy for Tom to see, Marie."
Marie turned on her knees and knelt in front of mom now. Her hands went up to caress mom's tits as her lips trailed kisses up and down mom's stomach and down to her mound.

   "Yes, honey. Marie and I make love too."
"You mean...????"
'Yes. I thought long about your deep wishes honey. I decided to try it with Marie and now I really enjoy it too. Marie pleasures ME as much as Kenny, and now you too."

     Marie was now licking mom's upper slit and sliding her fingers softly over mom's hips and sides as she licked mom's pussy.
"Another woman is sucking my pussy honey."
"Just as you dreamed of."

   "OOOOHHH that feels so nice Marie."
"Thank you Rita, I love pleasuring you, too."

    Mom's hands went up to cup and caress her tits as her head began to roll. Marie was pressing harder into mom's pussy and licking her clit.

   " OOOOHHH  It feels so nice, Tom."
"Another woman sucking my pussy." OOOHHHH."
"My whole clit is in her lips honey!"
"Just like you do to me."
"Just like our own son did to me earlier."
\
Mom looked down at dad now. His hand was on his cock stroking himself as he watched mom being licked like this right in front of him.

  "OOOHHH, Your cock is so hard honey.'
"Hold off on your cum so I can suck you baby."
"We are your personal sluts baby.
Marie and I will take care of both you and Kenny."

     "Would you like to see Kenny fuck me honey? While you fuck Marie again?"
"I just don't believe you fuck him Rita. You must be kidding me?"

"No, darling. I really love his cock inside me."
"The little boy that came from this pussy that Marie is sucking."
"Now, he cums in me like you have for so many years."
Mom stopped Marie now, and pulled her up and they both hugged tightly and kissed.
Their tits pressed into each other's as dad stroked his cock even  harder now, watching.
I was stroking my own cock as I watched them.
Mom's hands were on the back of Marie's head as she kissed her.

    Finally, she broke the kiss and smiled down at dad.
"I just tasted my own pussy honey. I tasted my pussy on Marie's lips."
"Oh how this all turns me on."

    Now, mom looked directly up to my window and waved for me to come down.
I was scared, and I think she must have sensed it. She looked up again and waved me down once more, as if to say it was now all OK.

    I went down the stairs slowly. Wondering what to say to dad now?
I was still naked, and my cock finally dropped to half hard.

    Slowly, and FINALLY, I made it out to the deck.
Mom was smiling as I walked near. Her arm reaching out for me.
She placed it around my waist as I got closer and then her other arm around Marie's waist.

     "Mom just told me that you and her.....?"
"Yeah, dad......are you.....are you mad about it?"
"Kenny, I don;t know what to think after all that has been going on tonight."
This was the very first time that both dad and me were naked in front of each other.
I noticed him sizing me up and down as I stood next to mom in front of him.
I realized that my own cock was almost as big as his. Just like mom had said.

     "Well, Your idea of having Marie pleasure me like this was really a surprise for me Kenny. It's the first time another woman and me.....since I married your mother."

    "Kenny is also MY first other lover too, honey."
We're even now."
"Your father was surprised that I was sucking your ccock, Kenny, while Marie was sucking him."
"Yes dad. she was." We were both really excited watching the both of you."

   "Well, I guess what's done is done, dad said."
"So now you know how nice it is to be inside your own mother, huh?"
"Yes, dad. I hope you're not angry."
"Well, most of the shock hasn't seemed to fully hit me yet."
"Marie has really done wonders for my personal dream of making love to another woman tonight, and now I learn of you and your mother."

    Mom's hand now went down to caress my cock as she followed dad's eyes.

    "Watch honey." "Watch our son make love to me."
"Watch his beautiful cock go inside me like yours does."
Mom now moved over and laid on the air mattress. She smiled up at me and then over at dad.

    Spreading her raised thighs and inviting me to get between them
Her pussy was glistening, with the dampness on her light blond pussy hair.
My cock once again raised up hard and ready as I hesitantly looked over at dad.
He saw it. Looked down at mom with her pussy spread wide for me.

    "Go ahead son. I want to see this. I want to see my own son fuck his own mother."

I slowly knelt down and got between mom's thighs. She smiled and reached for my cock right away and pulled me closer to her waiting pussy.

    She aimed it and urged me into her now.
My legs straightened and I went into her with one swift push into her wet pussy.

OOOHHH what a rush went to my head.

Mom's arms and hands went to my back as she clutched me to her. Her legs wrapped around my ass and she pulled me into her.
My entire cock was now buried deep in mom's clutching pussy.
Her hips now urging me to fuck her.
Her moans to dad....".Our son is in my pussy honey."

"OOOOHHH he's all the way inside me like you do honey."
OOOOHHH I love it. My OWN dream honey. Our own son fucking me."
Mom was urging my hips to start fucking her. I slowly began to move as I noticed dad stand next to us.

He watched closely as I began to pump into mom now.

"Oh God, Our own son fucking MY wife."
"I wouldn't have believed it if I wasn't watching it."

Mom's pussy was grasping at my cock as I plunged once again into her.
"Fuck me Kenny. Show your father how you fuck me."
Her pussy felt wondeful, even with the anxious feeling of dad standing right next to us watching me.

Mom's pussy was seeming to demand more of me. She was spread wide and seeming to really be excited. Looking at me and up to dad over my shoulder.

     "Suck my husband, Marie." "Suck his cock till you make him cum now, Marie." Mom said loudly.
Her hips were starting to move faster now as my cock stayed deep inside her. 

I heard dad moan as Marie once again knelt in front of him and begin to suck him.
I felt her legs brushing up against my own as she knelt there.

I could hear her wet mouth sucking him just behind my shoulders as I excitedly began to let go and fuck mom with seeming permission now.
I plunged and plunged as my balls slapped against her ass crack.
Hearing dad moan with Marie's sucking, mom's moans into my ear, and feeling her tits with her hardened nipples pressed into me was really taking me away.

   "OOOOHHH It feels so good Tom. Our son fucking me while I watch you get your cock sucked. OUR dream honey." mom said excitedly.
My face was down next to mom as I moaned near her ear. She raised my head and kissed me with her open mouth, Inviting my tongue to enter hers, as my cock buried in her wonderful pussy.
Her hips humping up to meet my plunging. 
"fuck me Kenny honey. Fuck the hell out of me."

I was really excited now, and moaned that I was near cumming.
"Give it to me baby. Cum in mom's pussy." Fill me like your dad does."
"Cum in my pussy honey, while I watch your father cum in Marie's mouth."
She had been looking over my shoulder at dad pumping in and out of Marie's mouth. Marie was softly moaning, as I heard dad begin to cum. He moaned and mom pumped up at me harder. Urging me to cum along with dad.

I could hear Marie begin to gulp and moan louder as she swallowed dad's cum. Dad also moaned as his cock spurted in her mouth.
I felt mom spasm around my cock now, and her hands pulling me even tighter to her. 
I let go.
My cock began to spurt so hard I thought my balls were going to burst.
Her pussy clamped and clamped around my shooting cock
as she felt me cumming deep inside her.
She pulled my head down hard to her mouth as we both shared our cummming together. Her moans made it all the more fantastic for me. 
Cumming inside my mother's pussy right next to my father who was cumming in my girlfriend's mother's mouth.

All of us making sounds of moans and gasps.

    As mom felt my spurts lessen, she urged me off her and quickly knelt in front of me.
Now I was standing across from dad with Marie caressing his softening cock. Mom was now sucking my cock in front of him as he watched.
Mom's moans and excitement as she sucked me for the last drops of cum left in my balls.
Her fingers circling and squeezing my cock to drain it into her mouth. Her other hand cupping my balls. Urging whatever cum was still in them.
My entire cock was deep in her throat.
My eyes just had to close at this unbelieveable pleasure.

   Mom's mouth and tongue working together with my cock buried completely in her throat.

I caught a smile from dad as I opened my eyes finally.
"Feels good huh?"


"OOOOHHH dad, I moaned as mom now was going up and down my cock softly sucking me down to a softness.
Her fingers gently caressing my balls, as she held my cock in her warm mouth. Sliding her tongue over and over it in her mouth.

"She's sucked me like that for all our marriage Kenny."
"Now I guess you too, can share her pleasure."

Marie was still kneeling next to him, her arm around dad's ass, and her other still softly caressing his hanging balls..

    "Now that I have seen it with my own eyes, I have to believe it."
"It looks like I will be sharing my wife with you too, Kenny."
"Its HER dream too, that's important here."

I faintly smiled at him as mom now rose and turned to kiss him.
I pulled Marie up and hugged her to me.

I held her head in my hands and looked down into her eyes. They were sparkling with excitement. Searching my own.
"I hope you've enjoyed tonight." I said to her softly.
"Oh, I have Kenny. I really have." she answered softly.
"I thank you so much for inviting me to share all of this."

   I leaned my head and kissed her softly. I even tasted my own father's cum, but didn't notice right now with all of our excitement.
Marie seemed to be open completely and pleasantly kissed me in return.
My hand went to her tit and hers on top of mine as we kissed.
"I'll make love with you later." I whispered in her ear.
"We'll spend tonight in my bed."
"Oh, good. I was hoping you and me...."
I smiled at her and then eased her into the pool with me.

   We swam and felt the warm water rinsing our sweat and sex smells from us.
Holding her with her head back on my shoulder, my hands cupping her tits, we watched mom and dad caressing and kissing up on the deck.

MY plan, OUR plan, was now complete.
Dad had his dream fulfilled. Mom's and my secret was now out in the open.
Mom enjoying another woman licking her was now known and seen by dad.
Yes, I thought. Dad and mom's sex life would never be the same again!

It felt nice to caress Marie like this.
I know she was feeling relaxed and open. 
She had given dad all that I asked, and more.
He had been sucked several times by her, fucked her, and even went in her ass.
All in the space of a few  hours.
Her nipples also felt nice as she purred while I fingered them softly.
The dark sky with the stars shining so bright seemed to fill out this night perfectly.
Now watching mom slide to her knees and take dad's cock in her mouth right in front of us for the first time.
His special look of love down at her as he caressed her hair softly.
His cock disappearing into her loving mouth. I wondered idly, if he had any more cum left to give his lover, his partner, his wife?

 



 



















     






 






















   

