My Neighbor's Pussy
byEmiTsuruta©

It was August, and I was back in Japan visiting my family before university started again in the fall. Japan hadn't changed. My dad was still off at work most of the time, but my mom seemed happy to have me back. She took me into town to go shopping. While we were there, we ran into our next door neighbor, Mrs. Tanaka, and her son, Takuhiro.

When I used to live here, I'd sometimes see Takuhiro in the neighborhood or in town. He is a quiet boy, bespectacled, around the same age as me. All the time I'd known him, I swear he'd barely said three words to me. Maybe he's just shy. I don't know.

Takuhiro peered over at me, curious, but when I went to say hi, he looked away. Oh god! I hope my mom hasn't said anything to him about me. Ever since she first found out about my boyfriend, Ryosuke, in the States, she's been on me to dump him, and go out with someone who is more marriage material. Takuhiro apparently got into some big university in Tokyo, and has a bright future... or so she kept telling me.

Mrs. Tanaka and Mom chatted for a bit, but then we moved along. Takuhiro peered after me as we walked away. He seems nice enough I guess, but in any case, I had a boyfriend already.

A couple days later, I took the train up to Tokyo to see some friends, and go dancing. I was having such a good time, I lost track of the time. I ended up catching the last train back to Kamakura, and walked home from the station. When I came inside, all the lights were out. My parents must have gone to bed. It was a bit hot, so I opened the side door that leads out from the kitchen. That door faces a concrete wall ('block bei' in Japanese) with square gaps in it, so you can kind of see into the Tanakas' yard. Up above, I could see the window of Takuhiro's room. The lights were out. Probably he'd gone to bed too.

I went into the nook outside our bath, and stripped out of my club wear dress getting ready to have a shower. Once I was naked, I looked in the mirror, checking my body over. My pubic hair is a bit unruly, black and fluffy, but my tummy is flat, and my breasts seem to be getting bigger. Satisfied, I slid open the glass door, and went into the bath.

The water from the shower felt warm on my naked skin. I lathered up my body, gently squeezing my breasts, and running my hand down between my legs, 'washing' all my hidden places. My fingers felt ticklish, making me squirm. It felt good to finally get out of my clothes, and relax.

When I was done showering, I toweled off, but soon, I heard this meowing sound. I was still naked, but wondering what it was, I tiptoed out to the kitchen. There at the door was a plush furry white cat, her ears perked up, looking at me expectantly. I'd forgotten all about her, but it must be Momo, the Tanakas' pet from next door. I vaguely remembered her from when I lived here, but how did she get over the wall into our yard? I kneeled down, and picked her up. She purred as I petted her. There's a good girl. But we'd better get you back to your owners.

I glanced out the open door, peering up at Takuhiro's window. His curtains were fluttering in the breeze, but his lights were still out. He must be asleep. I felt strange though standing here naked in view of his room. It's hard to explain why, but it was getting me all excited. He probably didn't know I was down here naked, but wouldn't he be shocked if he did? I hesitated, debating what to do, but eventually, I just decided to go for, and inched towards the door.

I eyed Takuhiro's window nervously, but gathered up my courage, and stepped outside, sliding my feet into the garden slippers, shivering a bit from the feel of the breeze on my skin. I felt so naughty coming all the way out here naked. All the houses were dark, but even so, I was taking a terrible chance. I scurried over to the wall, and lifted Momo up easing her over onto their tool shed on the other side. She leapt down and out of sight, home at last. I peered over towards the street, frightened but excited. I don't think anyone could see me, but I was getting goosebumps at the thought. Finally, unable to take it anymore, I clip-clopped back to the door, kicked off my shoes, and went back inside. That was quite the rush, but I really shouldn't take chances like that. I should be more careful.

I went back to the bath area, still a bit wired, but eventually, I calmed down enough to pull on my nightie, and go to bed.

A few days later, I went into town, and caught sight of Takuhiro on the street. He kind of froze when he saw me, and then rushed away without saying hi. Strange. Was he angry at me for some reason? Then again, that's probably just the way he is. I went back to shopping, and soon forgot about it.

The next morning, however, I got up kind of late, and went down to have a shower. I stripped naked, went into the bath, and rinsed myself off when suddenly I heard the meowing again.

"Mom!" I called out. "Can you get that? It must be Momo."

There was no answer. My dad had gone to work already, and I guess my mom must have gone out. It sounded like Momo had come into our kitchen again. I quickly wiped the water out of my eyes, and came out to find her pawing at the cupboard door under the sink. I guess she thought there was food in there. I shook the water off my hands, and carefully picked her up.

"That's a naughty girl. You can't keep coming over here like this. There's plenty of food at your house," I scolded. Someone had left the back door open again (Well OK. It was me). I cautiously tiptoed over that way, even more nervous about my nudity now that it was broad daylight out. I gazed up at Takuhiro's window, but it looked like he wasn't there. I probably should return Momo to her own yard. I hesitated in the doorway wondering if I dare risk going outside naked during the day. I guess I really should have gone back, and got a bath robe, but I was all excited again. I gathered up my nerve, and slid my feet down into the garden slippers.

I'd felt a bit embarrassed nipping outside naked the other night, but now under the bright midday sun, it was even worse. I could feel the warm summer air swirling all around my body, making my hair stand on end. I glanced over at the street, terrified that someone might be coming.

As quick as I could, I dashed over to the wall, and lifted Momo up and over onto the shed again. It was only then that I heard a faint rustling sound, coming from the other side of the wall. I froze. Was someone there watching? I peered into the gaps in the concrete wall, looking to see if anyone was there. Whoever it was, they were being awfully quiet. It couldn't be Mrs. Tanaka. If someone was spying on me, it had to be Takuhiro.

I didn't know what to do. I peered down at my naked body, but I had nothing to cover myself with. God! I hope he's not there. That would be so weird if he saw me like this! I vaguely tried to cover my pussy at least, but water was dripping from my bush making me look indecent. Oh heavens. What was I thinking coming out here naked like this?

Frazzled, I padded back to the door, and paused checking one more time to see if Takuhiro really was there. If he was, that would be so embarrassing. At the house across the street too, there were signs of movement, so I quickly hopped back inside, and shut the door. My heart was pounding. I have to stop doing things like this. My mom would freak if she found out I'd gone out there naked.

That night I was more careful, taking my nightie down with me, and pulling it on after my shower. I was still kind of excited, but I promised myself I'd be good.

The next morning was a Sunday. When I came downstairs, my dad was at the front door talking to a dapper young man in a suit. The man glanced over at me, curious. I felt a bit embarrassed. The nightie I was wearing was pretty short, and I didn't have any undies on. I pushed the hem down, covering up my pussy, but already my heart was beating away again. I darted away before he could get a good look.

"Who's that?" I asked my mom. She was laying out breakfast on the dining room table.

"A car salesman. Your father is thinking about buying a new car."

I picked up a piece of toast, and pricked up my ears trying to hear what they were saying. My dad was trying to get the guy to come down on the price. When it comes down to it though, my dad is too much of a softie. They dickered back and forth, but the sales guy kept trying to convince my dad to buy all these extras. My mom just sat there frowning. I wondered if there was some way I could help my dad.

Still munching on my piece of toast, I headed into the bath room to have a shower. I'd bought some fresh body soap, but it wasn't here. Where did I leave it? I opened the door to the hall, and looked out. My backpack was on the floor just behind my dad. I wanted to ask him to get my bag, but he was busy. I wonder if I should risk going out there myself. I looked down at my nightie. It was almost long enough to cover my pussy when I fluffed down the hem. The man seemed focused on talking to my dad.

As quietly as I could, I tiptoed out into the hall, and over to where my bag was. Turning my back to them, I smoothed the skirt of my nightie over my behind with one hand, and leaned forward to pick up my bag. The salesman glanced over, so I blushed, a bit embarrassed, but soon he went back to talking to my dad. I don't know why, but I was actually a bit upset that he didn't take more interest in me given what I was wearing. I let go of the hem, and stalked off to the bath, letting my skirt float free. He did turn to look, but only because my dad was digging for something in his wallet.

I went into the bath nook, and closed the door behind me, breathing heavier, all excited now. It sounded like my teasing him had thrown the salesman off his stride. He'd gone all quiet. I stripped off my nightie, and got into the shower. I turned the water on fairly cool, and tried to settle down.

Soon though, I heard the meowing again. This was all very strange you know. Somehow Momo always seem to pop up whenever I was in the shower. I called for my mom, but she didn't answer. She must have gone upstairs. I came out to the kitchen to find Momo pawing at the cupboard again. I picked her up, and brought her back to the bath wondering what to do. I listened, but I couldn't hear anything. Maybe the salesman had left, and my dad had gone outside to see him off.

I opened the door to the front hall just to see. There was no sign of my dad at least. I was still soaking wet, so Momo managed to wriggle free from my grasp, and bolted for the front door. Almost without thinking, I ran out - still naked - into the hall after her, only to find the salesman standing right there! I covered my mouth, so surprised to see him. He looked even more surprised to see me naked!

"Oh, sorry," I blushed. "I didn't realize you were still here." I pointed to the cat that had scurried past him and out the door.

"Momo. Momo! Come back!" I called out after her. "Oh no! Sir, could you grab her before she runs out onto the street? She's the neighbor's cat."

The sales guy just stood there gawking at me, so shocked. He gazed down in wonder at my glistening breasts and dripping wet pussy. I made a half-hearted effort to cover my bush at least, but I was all excited now, and also worried about Momo. I put my hands together pleading with him to go after her, as I couldn't very well go after her myself. Eventually, he snapped out of his stupor, and scooted down the stairs after her.

I wondered if I should go get a robe, but too excited to think straight, I came out to the door - still buck naked - to see if he caught her. The sun was so bright I had to shield my eyes. I was of course worried that my neighbors might see me or my dad might come back. The salesman almost caught Momo, but then she darted away. I knew I had to go back inside, but curious, I glanced over at Takuhiro's yard, wondering if he was watching.

I think that was like the first time I'd ever been in front of my house naked. I just stood there my head reeling from the sensations swirling through my body. If only Ryosuke could have seen me. He would have loved it.

Soon though, I heard the thump of footsteps from upstairs.

"Put her in their yard," I called out to the salesman, and then dashed back to the bath. And not a moment too soon! My dad came bounding down the steps just narrowly missing me, as I shut the door to the bathroom. Phew! That was close!

I couldn't calm down for the life of me. I gently fingered my pussy, trying to relieve my horniness. I heard the salesman come back all out of breath. His attitude had changed. He agreed to my dad's price, and even threw in the extras for free. I continued to massage my pussy, twiddling at my clit, slowly pushing myself up to orgasm. I don't know why that got me so excited, but it did.

Later, when I got dressed, and came out, Dad seemed pretty proud of himself for negotiating the salesman down. If only he knew what really happened.

I tried to settle down after that, but the whole day, I was still pretty wired. I avoided my parents, thanking heaven they hadn't seen me scurrying around in the buff like that.

The next morning, Dad headed off to work. I got in the shower, when suddenly, I heard Momo again. The day before what with all the excitement, I'd almost forgot about Takuhiro, but now, I was more and more suspecting that he'd been deliberately putting Momo into our yard. Maybe that first night was an accident, but he must have seen me come outside naked. I should have known something was up when I heard that rustling sound. Oh lord, I hope he didn't see me go out on our front porch naked! That would be so embarrassing!

Anyway, this time I pulled on a robe, went out to the kitchen, and pulled the door shut, locking Momo in. It's time to test my theory. I finished off my shower, got dressed, and then played with Momo in the TV room. Time passed, but no one came looking for Momo. I finally got fed up waiting, and took her back next door. Takuhiro's mom answered, but I could see Takuhiro upstairs peeking down. I gave Momo back, and explained how she kept getting into our yard. Mrs. Tanaka apologized, saying she'd try to be more careful. Takuhiro didn't come down, so I still wasn't sure if he'd been doing it on purpose.

Later that week, we got some bad news. The salesman had phoned, and was trying to go back on the discount. Apparently, his boss had objected. I was a bit upset. Here I'd gone, and flashed the salesman, and now he's trying to wriggle out. Feeling invested now, I offered to go with my dad to the car dealership.

That night, we were supposed to go to sushi with my sister Norika and her British boyfriend Evan, so I got all dressed up in a frilly white shoulder-less blouse and an orange mini-dress, no bra. Maybe I could try my charms on the manager.

When we got to the car place, my dad explained what had happened, and the manager invited us into his office. The manager was much more guarded than the young salesman. He was definitely aware of me, but he avoided looking at me, focusing instead on my dad. This was going to be harder than I thought. I excused myself, and went into the hall, trying to think what to do.

I ran into the young salesman. He looked surprised to see me, but seemed genuinely apologetic for having gone back on our 'deal.' Not that I'd actually negotiated anything with him, but I guess he'd understood it like that. He explained that his boss was a real cheapskate, and kept assuring me that if things were up to him, it would be different. He seemed like a nice guy, but I felt embarrassed now for having flashed him. I asked where the washroom was. He pointed it out, and I ran off, trying to figure out what to do.

One bright spot was that I don't think the salesman thought I was so strange. Maybe his boss would be open to the same kind of 'negotiation.' Looking in the mirror, I lifted up my skirt to look at my panties. Dare I go commando? I knew it'd be risky, but I wasn't sure what else I could do. He'd barely given me a second look earlier, but maybe that would get his attention.

Quickly, before I lost my nerve, I peeled off my panties, stuck them in my purse. I checked myself in the mirror again. I don't look that indecent. This dress was pretty short, and the skirt billowed a bit, but as long as I didn't move around too much, you probably couldn't tell.

Once I'd straightened up, I headed back to his office. I sat down on the chair, wondering how to do this. I kept threatening to spread my legs, but my dad kept looking over at me, while the manager refused to even glance this way. I think he thought I was cute, but seemed determined not to let that confuse the issue.

It was getting late, and we had to go to supper. The manager made a highish offer, Dad declined, and we headed out. Dad looked so disappointed.

We got into our old car, but I rode in the backseat this time because I hadn't gotten time to pull my panties back on yet. When we got home, Mom was all in a rush to head out. I think she was hungry. Mom rode in our car with Dad, but I scooted over to Evan's SUV. Norika was sitting up front, so I got in the back. As soon as I sat down though, I became worried that Evan might look back, and see my pussy. I hadn't pulled my skirt down before sitting down, so I could feel the vinyl seat on my bare behind. The feeling was driving me crazy, getting me all excited again.

I tried to fluff down the skirt at the front, but the hem was insanely short to begin with. I think Evan might have noticed me fiddling with my skirt, but he had to focus on the road, and Norika was trying to coach him on how to behave around my parents. Even so, I felt horribly exposed. Just thinking about it was getting me all wet.

Anyway, we arrived, and all got out of the car. Evan was kind of looking at me strange, but I actually don't think he'd 'made' me yet. In the sushi restaurant, we got a booth. Norika motioned for me to slide in first, so I did, but then I realized I should go get changed.

"Here, can I get out?" I asked. "I want to go wash my hands."

Norika got out, but Evan just swang his legs out of the way to let me pass. I tried not to brush against him as I squeezed by, but I suddenly realized I needed my purse. I leaned over to grab it, inadvertently flashing Evan my bare booty in the process. He didn't say anything, but he looked baffled. My mom shot me a dirty look, but I'm pretty sure she didn't know I was commando.

In the washrooms, Norika started lecturing me.

"Cut that out, will you?"

"What?"

"Teasing him like that. Sticking your fat ass in his face."

"My ass isn't fat," I protested, checking in the mirror. I am actually in pretty good shape from all the swimming I do. Norika, on the other hand, had put on a bit of weight since last I saw her. She wasn't fat by any stretch, but anyway, the whole situation was making her testy. I had originally planned to pull my panties back on, but Norika had got me so angry, I ended up leaving them off.

I followed Norika back out to our table. As I squeezed by Evan, I slipped, and fell back on his lap. Evan was trying his best to be a gentleman, but I could feel his erection, poking me from below. I was a bit surprised because he's usually so aloof, but I guess all this brushing against him was getting him excited. So he is a man after all.

During supper, my dad was kind of grilling Evan, trying to decide if he was good enough to marry Norika I guess. Evan seems nice enough to me. He's handsome, but kind of quiet. I kind of felt sorry for him getting interrogated like that.

After supper, I went back with Norika and Evan to his SUV. I'd made it through supper without embarrassing myself too much. I climbed in the back, and sat down, still all excited.

On the drive home, Norika wanted to get something at the convenience store, so Evan pulled in. He and I waited in the car while she went in. We just kind of sat there in silence. I was a bit worried he'd ask about my lack of underwear, but he apparently had other things on his mind.

"Don't worry about my parents," I assured him. "I'm sure they like you."

He turned, and looked back at me.

"Thanks," he nodded. Finally, he went on, "You seem a bit on edge yourself. Is anything wrong?"

Oh dear. I guess he had seen me after all. I turned away, looking for my bag, and trying to hide my face, so he wouldn't see I was blushing.

"Norika said I have a fat ass," I let slip. His gaze shot down to my bare legs making me even more nervous.

"Oh," Evan murmured, not really revealing what he thought. I was kind of wishing he would disagree, but he didn't say anything. I finally spotted my bag on the seat behind me. I undid my seat-belt, and then got up on my knees, so I could reach back for my bag. Maybe this wasn't what I'd intended exactly, but by leaning forward like that, I pulled the hem of my skirt up, giving him another look at my bare bottom. Evan breathed in sharply when he saw.

"What do you think?" I asked, all excited now.

"What do I think about what?" he countered, playing dumb. I knew I was taking a horrible risk - there were cars going by behind us - but I wanted to know what he thought of my behind. He wasn't saying anything, so I leaned forward more, pulling up the hem, so he could see better. His face turned bright red, embarrassed for me I guess.

"I... uh...," he started. I don't think I'd ever seen him so flustered. He glanced out the window obviously worried about Norika too. There was no sign of her, but some of the cars driving by seemed to be slowing down to get a better look at me. I didn't think people would be able to see so well in the dark, but in my excitement, I'd stuck my rear up high in the air, showing them my pussy even. Every time a car would approach, their headlights would light up my whole behind, making it kind of obvious what I was doing. I got so excited I dabbed at my hello kitty with my middle finger, coaxing myself up towards orgasm.

I saw Norika come out of the store, though, so I finally grabbed my purse, and sat back down, covering my pussy with my hand. Evan turned away, his face white, like he'd seen a ghost. I fluffed my skirt down, and tried to act like nothing had happened. I hid my blushing cheeks in my hair. I felt guilty for teasing Evan, but I was honestly surprised at how freaked out he seemed. I guess he is a lot more innocent than I thought.

Norika got in, and off we went. She nattered away as we drove along. Evan didn't say much the way home. I guess he was trying to figure out why I kept teasing him. Honestly, I didn't mean anything by it. I just kind of got a bit carried away.

Finally, it came to the day when I had to leave, fly back to the California to continue my studies. It had been a weird trip really. I don't know why I'd done all these things - maybe just the excitement of being back home or whatever.

My flight wasn't until 2, but it was a long train ride to the airport, so I got up early, packed, and went downstairs to have a shower. Just as I got in to the bath, the doorbell rang.

"Mom!" I called out.

"That's probably Takuhiro. I told him you would be leaving today."

What? I couldn't believe it! I'd told her not to encourage him, but my mom never seems to listen. I tried to ignore the bell, but he kept ringing, and my mom was waiting for me to get it. I shut off the shower, and came back out. All I'd brought down was a Mickey Mouse t-shirt, so I pulled it on, and went to the door intending to shoo him away. I opened the door just a crack, hiding my hips behind it.

"Emi!" he smiled. "I just wanted to say goodbye. Could you give me your address in the States, so I can write?"

I hadn't really expected him to turn so friendly all of a sudden. He held out a pen and his address book for me to write in. I glanced down at my bare thighs wondering if I should open the door for him or what. This t-shirt was way too short. I fingered my buttocks cheeks with my free hand. It was crazy coming out here dressed like this, but on the other hand, it was probably true that he'd spied me naked several times already.

"Isn't that nice of Takuhiro to drop by?" my mom purred suddenly coming out. Spooked, I backed away from the door, twirling to face her, trying to hide my pussy from her at least. My mom knelt down to straighten our shoes, and then opened the door wider, letting Takuhiro see how I was dressed! I guess she hadn't twigged to the fact I was bottomless. 

"It's so good to see the two of you getting along," my mom smiled. It looked like she was about to invite him in, so I motioned for him to give me his address book, so I could get this over with, and go get dressed. I turned, and opened the book steadying it on the door frame. Unfortunately, when I raised my arms to write, that pulled the hem up exposing my bare bottom. Takuhiro looked tickled pink, but soon my mom followed his gaze, finally noticing my bare behind.

"Oh, Emi, what are you doing? Where are your bottoms, girl?"

I ignored her, frantically writing out my host family's address. A car drove by, getting me even more excited. I was seriously starting to lose it.

"Emi! Come back inside, this instant!" my mom shrieked overreacting as usual. I'd been terrified of my mom finding out, but somehow, now that she had, I felt relieved. I continued scribbling in his book, while the two of them gazed in wonder at my bottom. Just as I finished writing, my mom grabbed me by the arm, and pulled me back inside. I reached out returning his pen and book to Takuhiro.

"It's OK, mom. Tak has seen me naked before," I let slip. Mom looked even more scandalized, probably imagining we'd had sex.

"Have the two of you...?" she cried, shocked.

"No, no. Not like that," I assured her. It was kind of funny, seeing her reaction, but unfortunately, I didn't have time to fool around. I had a plane to catch. I waved goodbye to Tak, and ran upstairs to my room. I felt so horny I wanted to... well, you know... but I didn't have time. I pulled on some clothes as quickly as I could, and grabbed my suitcase and purse. Mom came up, and demanded to know when Tak saw me naked, but I didn't have time to tell her the whole story.

I led her back downstairs, gave her a kiss (another no-no apparently), and ran off to catch the bus to the station. Later, I had to phone my mom, and explain it was an accident, but she must have been in a royal snit for quite some time.

Emi Tsuruta 
