Title:  Advanced Immunotherapy
Author:  bobwhite
Summary:  Gena's latex allergy is cured, but the final test for
immunity reveals some side effects the doctor didn't mention when
she signed up for the experimental treatments.
Keywords:  MC FD FF Latex Modifications

Advanced Immunotherapy
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's Note:  This story was originally my entry in
FourLetterWord's "Foreign Legion" contest, which ran on the forums for
the month of June, 2007.  The premise was simple: pick a fetish that
you don't have but that doesn't squick you, and write a story that
plays to that fetish.  So, I did just that.  The nature of the fetish
will become crystal clear almost immediately.  Enjoy!  And feedback is
always appreciated, especially by those of you who live, breathe, and
lick this fetish.*

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"... and so, Gena, looks like your labs all came back, and I've just
re-checked the scratch test.  Like I told you last week, each three-
by-three grid had two random allergens.  And, no, it's not a placebo,
it looks like you're the latest success story.  Congratulations!"

Gena smiled, knowing that would be the result as she'd had her
roommate check the grids daily, looking for any sign of redness,
hives, or anything inside the little boxes the doctor had drawn on
her.  It would be a few days yet before the lines were completely
faded away, but having no reactions was what she'd been hoping for,
and that was exactly what she got.

"So, Dr. Skiff, I'm... not allergic...," Gena asked, still not quite
believing it.

The doctor smiled.  "Nope.  We have one final test, with total-body
immersion, but I'm confident you'll pass with flying colors.  Are you
ready?"

"You're sure I'll be fine?" Gena said, knowing what the final test
would be, and feeling a little fear creep up her spine.  "What if...
you know, if something...."

"Gena, it won't happen.  We'll actively monitor you, and at the first
sign of trouble, we'll have you out of the suit in seconds. Which
reminds me... you did, uhm, you did shave, didn't you?  You can't have
any body hair for the final test...."

"Yes, I went and got waxed.  I figured that this was the big day, you
know... no more being allergic to latex, so I figured might as well go
the extra mile."

"Then let's begin," the doctor said, leading her into a separate room.
In the room was a nurse, who Gena thought had on a tiny bit too much
perfume; it was musky and warm, but just a tad intense.  She did
admire her body, though, as the nurse was very shapely under her
uniform.  As Gena looked and admired the woman's physique, she caught
herself staring.  She shook herself to regain her composure.

Briefly, she thought of telling the doctor that she'd been checking
out women lately, checking them out in a sexual way, and that it had
started with the last round of the experimental allergy shots a few
weeks ago.  But she shrugged it off, since the idea that allergy
immunotherapy could cause lesbianism was laughable.  Sure, she'd been
told to report anything unusual... but reporting *that* was
ridiculous.

"Gena, nurse Tina here will help you into the suit.  It's going to be
very tight, but it has to be for the final test to run right. I'll be
in the other room, and you'll be wired up to the PESIS here," he said,
pointing to the computer from which wires ran to the latex suit.
"This will be monitoring you the entire time, and my team and I will
be watching it intently.

"The suit is tight so you won't be able to move easily.  Tina will be
here for you and will remove the suit at the first sign of trouble.
We have emergency medical staff on hand as well.  I just need you to
sign here," the doctor said, producing a clipboard with a consent form
on it, "and we can begin."

Gena signed, and the doctor took the clipboard and left the room.

"Gena, should I turn around while you undress?" Tina said, smiling.

Gena looked at her again, and nearly got lost in her beauty.  Her dark
hair framed her face nicely, and she got a better look at the uniform,
with a skirt that ended above the knee and a form-fitting top that
told Gena that this woman had a nice set of tits.

Tina licked her lips, and that brought Gena's attention back to her
question.

"Um... nah, we're both women here."  But as Gena took off her shoes
and then her pants, she suddenly felt a little ugly compared to Tina,
who was just so amazingly beautiful.  She quickly dropped her panties,
which had become wet, and just as quickly put her shirt over them so
Tina wouldn't see the wet spot.

Once Gena was naked, Tina turned to get the latex catsuit that Gena
would be wearing.  The experimental process to cure Gena's latex
allergy had a unique final test:  the subject would wear a latex suit
that hugged most of her skin tightly, while being monitored, to ensure
that the process worked.  Gena thought it was overkill, but the
company running the experiment insisted.  Since it only took a couple
of hours, and all the treatments were free, she figured it was a small
price to pay.

"Well, Gena, let's get you in this.  It's wired up, so just step in.
I'll help you," Tina said.  She was leaning down, holding one of the
legs of the suit so that Gena could step in.

But all Gena wanted to do was stare down Tina's top.  She was
beginning to like Tina's perfume, and she started breathing deeply
while staring down at the cleavage the nurse was showing.

"It'll... wait, look at me, that won't fit," Gena said.  The suit
looked to be made for a 5-foot something hourglass, not a woman like
her.  "I'm too heavy, that'll never fit in a hundred years," Gena
added, looking down at her lumpy body.  She wasn't terribly obese, but
she could easily stand to lose thirty or forty pounds.  Next to Tina,
she felt even uglier... and something else... unworthy?  Gena didn't
know if that was the right word, but she definitely felt somehow small
next to the nurse, who seemed so confident and strong.

"Don't worry.  It's latex, it'll fit.  I know what I'm doing.  But I
would like to take one small precaution... while I'm sure there won't
be a problem, it might be wise to wear this blindfold.  Don't worry,
it's cotton, and it'll protect your eyes if anything should happen,"
Tina said.  "It's very unlikely, but trust me, OK?"

Blankly, Gena nodded in approval.  Trusting Tina seemed like a good
thing to do.  The nurse set the leg of the suit down and slipped
behind her patient to blindfold her.  The firm breasts pressing into
her back made Gena's nipples tingle a little, and briefly she wished
she looked prettier for her nurse.  Once blindfolded, Tina led her
over to where the suit was waiting, and a few nudges and movements
later, both of her feet were in the boots that were apparently built
into the it.

As the suit was pulled up her legs, Gena felt the material squeeze
her.  After years of being afraid she might accidentally get touched
by a latex glove while working at the hospital downtown, she found
herself enjoying the feel of the tight, stretchy material against her
skin.  It was almost like tasting forbidden fruit in a weird way,
since she was so used to having to use vinyl gloves and other
protective gear.

Vinyl didn't stretch, and it always felt dry on her skin.  But, the
suit currently squeezing her legs into submission had a delightful
stretching sensation to it, pulling at her skin a little and hugging
every single nook and cranny.  And it was hard for Gena to put into
words (not that she was talking), but it didn't feel dry, or wet... it
just felt... tightly comfortable.

Periodically, she would feel Tina rubbing her legs through the suit,
and she hoped that the nurse didn't look at her naked pussy and see
how wet she was starting to get.  There was a gentle hum of
electricity along her legs, but it wasn't uncomfortable, so Gena
ignored it.

After a few more minutes of tugging and adjusting, Gena felt the nurse
get the suit up to her crotch.  Amazingly, the crotch of the suit
pressed up snugly against her pussy, and the feeling of the black,
shiny latex against her naked sex, pulling and tugging with every
minuscule motion, drove Gena's unexpected arousal into overdrive.

If she didn't know better, she'd have sworn that the thick, shiny,
rubber skin was reaching in and around her nether regions, seeking out
every square millimeter of her skin and conforming to it.  The
sensations at her crotch made her think of the suit as more of a
second skin than just an external rubber costume.

As Tina pulled the suit up over her ass--and it took much less effort
than Gena thought it should, given her larger size--she made up her
mind to spend the rest of the evening fucking herself with that fancy
vibrator she'd gotten at a sex toy party a year ago.  She could not
wait to get off, and even caught herself fantasizing about her nurse,
only coming out of the quick daydream when Tina spoke.

"Gena, you're doing great," Tina said, very close to her ear.  The
warmth of her breath, her scent, and her almost seductive voice melted
Gena even more.

Tina massaged Gena's ass through the half-on catsuit, and Gena said,
"Uh... is that... necessary?  It's already on... there... shouldn't
you start zipping up the back?"

Tina whispered, "So you want me to stop?"

The electrical humming in the suit changed a little, and tingles shot
through her legs, right up to her cunt, focusing on her clit. "Uhm...
have to... get the suit...."

Tina stepped back and laughed.  "Sorry, Gena, that's OK.  I was just
making sure it was on fine.  If it's not pulling too hard, I can keep
going.  OK, I'm ready to start zipping you up. Don't worry, you'll
still be able to breathe, but it will be tight."

Gena nodded, and despite the twinge of fear she felt at allowing a
total stranger to encase her in a tight, restrictive suit--naked and
aroused to boot--she said, "OK... let's go."

The suit was indeed tight, squeezing her as it was zipped up slowly.
Gena was amazed at how the suit was stretching to her size.  It hugged
her so tightly that it began to reinforce the idea she'd had earlier
about it being more of a second skin than an outfit, but one that was
feeding her skin some odd tingling sensation--a sensation that was
growing as she material covered more of her body, so she asked, "Tina?
Is it normal for the suit to make me... my skin... tingle?"

The suit had just touched the bottom of Gena's breasts, and Tina
stopped long enough to say, "Yeah, it's the electrodes... they're not
passive like normal ones, but they have to be extra-sensitive to
detect a reaction before it's a problem.  They're emitting a small
charge, but it's not harmful.

"Now, hold still, I need to place your breasts just right or they
might get pinched... this will hold 'em high and proud.  When I get
this on you maybe we can get that blindfold off so you can see
yourself."

To Gena, the feel of the nurse's hands on her breasts as she
positioned them was electric.  She found herself leaning into Tina's
hands anytime she felt them on her breasts.  She couldn't understand
why, but she wanted more of that skin-on-skin contact... she was about
to ask for a neck massage when she felt the latex cover her breasts,
hugging them underneath and pressing them together from the sides.

Tina then began to massage and adjust the part of the suit that was
over Gena's chest, and while the sensation wasn't as intense as it was
when she was positioning Gena's breasts, it was still driving Gena
crazy with arousal.  For a few seconds, it felt like the suit was
stretching over her boobs again, and she wanted badly to reach around
and rub her hands over her body.

But before she could, Tina grabbed her wrist and guided it into the
long-sleeve arm of the suit.  There was a glove attached to the end,
so all of her fingers were tightly wrapped in the wonderful material.
Gena knew she was going to have to ask where she could get one of the
suits.

"Just about done, Gena, I just have to put the hood on...."

"Hood?" Gena asked.  She had heard Tina's voice, although it was hard
to concentrate with all the sensations her body was feeling, being so
tightly encased by the suit that was quietly humming with tiny
electrical charges... it was like her skin was being massaged.

"Yeah, it'll cover most of your head and the sides of your face, but
not your mouth or nose."

"What about my eyes?"

"Oh, they'll be clear of the hood... there.  See?  Here, there's a
full-length mirror on the door, would you like to take a look?" Tina
said as she stretched the hood over Gena's head.

Gena asked, "But... mmmmmmmm, but why did I need the blindfold if this
thing doesn't cover my eyes?"

Tina turned Gena toward the mirror and took off the blindfold. "That's
why," Tina said, her voice colored with a strange, matter-of-fact
timbre.  She then casually walked over to the computer that the suit
was wired up to.

"What the hell!" Gena screamed, looking at herself in disbelief. The
suit was indeed made for a cartoonishly hourglass-shaped woman, and
the feelings she'd been having weren't of the suit stretching to
accommodate her girth.  "What... this is... I look... what did you do
to my body?!"

"Oh, didn't I mention that this machine doesn't just monitor you, but
it also it works with the suit to reshape your body?  I should have,
after all I wouldn't let the doctor say anything," Tina coolly stated.
"I am particularly proud of your tits, you know.  They were small for
a girl of your *previous* size, so we had to plump 'em up a bit," she
said, coming over briefly to rub them possessively.

"You're a beautiful woman now, with or without the suit, but I think
you'll agree that latex is your favorite material," Tina said on her
way back to the computer.  Then, she pressed a few buttons on it, and
lava-hot lust erupted in Gena's cunt, spreading throughout her body as
it shook with a massive orgasm that brought her to her knees.  A few
more clicks, and every inch of her body that was covered with the suit
burned with sexual heat, as if her body had turned into one huge
erogenous zone.

She brought her hands to her body, and up to her breasts, and the
sensations were so intense that she may as well have been stroking her
clit.  She made herself cum a few more times, simply by rubbing her
breasts, belly, legs, and arms.  There was no place she could touch
(other than the parts of her face not covered by the suit) that didn't
send lightning bolts straight to her throbbing love button, and then
into her brain.

Tina smiled.  "I thought you would like this setting.  But let's turn
it off so you can stand up."

A few button presses later, and Gena's body felt somewhat normal
again, although the tingling all over her skin had not completely gone
away.  Tina helped her to her feet, and Gena looked at the mirror in
disbelief, and a little fear.

"What... what have you done?  I think this was... a bad idea... I need
to go...."

"Gena, you're not going anywhere, because if you do," Tina said,
running her fingers over Gena's latex-encased body and grabbing the
zippers on the suit over her breasts, "Then you'll never feel this
again."

The feeling of Tina's hands through the suit had reduced Gena's
protest to whimpers of desire, and when Tina unzipped her breasts, a
larger and much firmer pair of boobs peeked out from behind the shiny
material.  When the nurse's fingers circled Gena's nipples, and
finally grabbed them and rolled them gently while pinching firmly,
Gena nearly came again.

"But... but....."

"Hush, now, or you'll never," Tina said, lowering her hands and
grabbing the zipper at the top of Gena's crotch, "*ever*... feel me...
my finger... and my tongue..." she continued, unzipping the crotch
just enough to slip in a finger, "teach you who to serve."

Before Gena could ask what that meant, Tina's finger entered her, and
she came so hard she nearly fell down.  Every gentle movement of
Tina's finger brought about another climax, each more powerful than
the last.  Finally, Gena *did* collapse, and Tina knelt between her
legs, licking her pussy slowly.  Her tongue flicked Gena's clit a few
times, but spent a lot of time just probing her wet folds.  Gena was,
by now, in a constant state of bliss, unable to tell when one climax
ended and another began.

All she knew is that her nurse's tongue was the center of her
universe, at least at the moment.

After an eternity (for Gena), Tina got up and hit a few more buttons
on the computer.  Gena was just coming down from her high, and
suddenly, everything went black.

When Gena came to, she was kneeling, and licking something that was
delicious, warm, and moist.  The smell was familiar, like the strange
perfume the nurse had been wearing... kind of a muskier version of
that... then it hit her: the nurse!  Something had happened, and she
passed out, and now she was....

Gena opened her eyes, and saw what she was licking.  It was the shaved
pussy of her owner.  She didn't know how she knew this was her owner,
but it was undeniable.  The taste of her owner coated her tongue, and
she couldn't imagine making it through a single day without that
taste.

Hands gripped her hair, and she was forced to look up.  Mistress Tina,
as Gena somehow knew her to be, was naked, and glowing from Gena's
efforts.  "Ah, I see you're awake," she said.  "You've been at it for
awhile now... I must say the programming works quite well, you're more
talented than you know.  You got me off quite a few times. I was about
to take a break, *slave*."

The word "slave" rattled around in Gena's skull like a .22 caliber
bullet coated in dripping sex, shredding any remnants of any other
sense of identity as it tore through her mind.  "Slave" became her
name, a more fitting name than Gena could ever be again.

Tina let go of her slave's hair and walked over to the bed in the
middle of the large room.  She pointed to her newest slave, and
immediately the slave formerly known as Gena got up and came to her
owner, kneeling as quickly as she could.  She saw her owner point to
another of the many women in the room, and that woman came over and
knelt.  Tina got on the bed, and once she was on her back, she spread
her legs.  Again, Tina pointed to her newest latex-clad slave.  And
she knew exactly what to do.

As she lapped honey from the center of her universe--conveniently
located between her owner's legs--she felt the zipper over her pussy
being opened, and the slave behind her started licking and fingering
her.  It wasn't as good as when Tina had done it earlier, but it was
still better than any sex she'd had with any man.

At least, better than any sex with with any man that she could
remember.  Words like "owner," "slave," and "serve" kept rattling
inside her head, destroying those superfluous parts of her mind that
weren't devoted to serving at her owner's whim.  She wiggled her hips
in appreciation of the slave who was pleasuring her, hoping she'd get
her off soon.

"Slave, your days as 'Gena' are over.  The good doctor has already
faked your death; if it makes you feel better, you died of a delayed
case of anaphylaxis on the drive home; they'll probably find your car
in the river in a few days, the door open... and your body nowhere to
be found.

"The paperwork is being done now, and since I have a slave or two in
the police department, there will be no hint of foul play.  This means
that you will have to stay with me... forever.  Are you alright with
that, slave?  Please speak your answer."

She looked up from Tina's sex, seeing her owner propping her head up
just enough to make eye contact.  The slave thought about the question
for a moment, realizing that she now had a better body that nobody
would recognize, and she wasn't exactly a huge success on her own,
what with a job at a hospital that barely paid the bills... and it
occurred to her that if she did go back to her old life, how could she
serve her owner properly?

"If it makes you happy, isn't that all that matters?" she heard
herself say.  "You're better at making decisions than I am, I'm happy
to do whatever you decide I should do... Owner?"

Tina smiled ear-to-ear.  "'Mistress' will be fine.  And you're the
fastest-learning slave I've acquired yet.  I'll have to send three
slaves a week over to serve the good doctor from now on as a reward
for his hard work.  His system certainly has some interesting side
effects... like immunity to various allergens... but damn, his
Pheromone and Electronic Slave Imprinting System is amazing... and
you're proof."

Laying back down, she added, "For giving such a good answer, you can
cum as often as you want today, without asking me first.  Now...
continue licking.  And let's see how well you can use those fingers."

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2007, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.