"Come. Quickly."
"Why hurry? I have a great view from here."
Through the woods, a lithe deer trotted. His small, slender frame only served to bolster the desire felt by the one who followed. Dael was the name of the escorted admirer; a tall, imposing buck, striding confidently through the forest, tailing his lover. Each clomp of Dael's broad hooves sent a wave of rumbling through nearby foliage — the undergrowth shook and from the tops of tall trees, a flurry of birds took flight.
"Mmmm," he purred, "take as long as you like, my love."
The smaller male tittered, stepping carefully to avoid muddying his coat. As he moved, Zen — for that was the lesser's name — wiggled his behind, his short tail dancing atop soft, round cheeks. Dael licked his lips as he closed the distance, spurring Zen to pick up the pace.
"We're not there yet," he teased.
Dael had little appetite to wait. Already unclothed, his jewels dangling free between his powerful thighs, loincloth scrunched in hand. He was ready to visit himself upon his dainty love.
"We're here!" Zen turned around to see Dael in full. Emerging from the green- shrouded terrain, the great buck cut a figure most pleasing to the eye. Wide and sturdy antlers lay perched atop his head. Rich fields of tawny fur caressed his form in the breeze, beige- and chocolate-coloured. His supple body bound toned muscle, bone, and sinew into a single breathtaking package. He was dotted with tribal markings, inked by the elders and denoting his status and lineage. Zen's prize dangled naked to the world — the smaller buck salivating at the prospect of taking his lover once more. Proudly erect, Dael's member jutted out from his solid core, fertile orbs snug beneath his raging flesh.
"It is good to come here again," Dael commented, taking slow steps towards Zen, "many memories we have made on this sacred soil." Their chosen glade was far from the camps of their kind, secluded yet accessible enough to be a place of fond times for them and them alone.
Dael reached Zen, who remained still, his breathing staccato. Zen placed his hands on his lover's rippling chest, running them through his fur. His eyes closed, anticipation clouding his senses. "Then let us add to that sweet collection of memories."
Dael bent over, his stature a full three heads taller than Zen. Their lips met, muzzles crashing together, saliva dripping from their merger. At long last Zen placed his hands on Dael's cock, feeling the hot meat pulse in his grip. His strength...his maleness...the thick rod poked Zen's chest when Dael adjusted his posture for better reach. The bigger cervine enjoyed their foreplay — lips nursing the aches of the day, letting their woes melt away, a satisfying end to hours of upholding the traditions of great warriors.
They separated. Zen teared up, his eyes moistened. The other male sighed. "You have missed me." It had been many weeks since last they saw one another. He didn't wait for a reply — instead grabbing and spinning around Zen, surprised at the sudden forcefulness.
"Shouldn't I taste you?" he asked nervously.
"No," Dael commanded, his sterner side showing, "I want to feel your tightness right now!" He pushed Zen down, angling him so that his rear faced the warrior-buck's crotch. Zen felt a tingle of excitement. He loved to be dominated, and he knew Dael — a careful, considerate partner — would ensure things did not get out of hand.
Bringing his fingers to his mouth, Dael sucked them, wetting the hard-capped digits. "Mmmm," he said, slobbering over his fingertips. He brought his newly- soaked hand to Zen's backside, lifting his plump tail and exposing his soft pucker. Not wasting any time he inserted one finger. Zen squealed, then silenced himself, embarrassed to have made such a noise. Dael laughed at the face of Zen looking over his shoulder, timid reserve couldn't hide the blushing of exposed skin in the ears and where the fur thinned on his adorable snout.
More fingers followed. Sucked into his tail-hole, stretching it in preparation for his enormous spear. Slick sounds made hair stand on end. Once done, he withdrew his hand, letting Zen contract. Granting him a brief while to relax and ready himself.
"I'm taking what I _need,_ " Dael snarled, positioning his enlarged tip at his lover's hole. There was something about males he'd always liked. Something about how the lesser deer-folk bowed to his will, accepting his cock with submissive ease. Zen was one who mustered that feeling so effectively, it stood to reason Dael chose him as a permanent partner.
"Yes," Zen uttered, his body breathless.
Dael pushed his hips forward, his cock-head pressing against the damp pucker. Squeezing the first inch in, he paused, hands gripping Zen's sides, the shivering mass in front of him waiting to be fucked. "Aaah!" Zen cried, his ass opening up to accommodate the plump intruder.
"YES! TAKE IT!" Dael snarled, feral instincts driving him to push deeper. He sensed Zen's body stretch around him, drawing his penis in. The turgid mass of cervine meat made it half-way before the submissive deer cried out in pain. Dael paused. Zen wasn't able to take much more than that right now...a shame, but no bother. The feel of his lover's walls constricting around his cock was plenty, regardless of what remained unsheathed by venison. He now worked himself into a rhythm, pumping his hips, sliding his maleness in-and-out of Zen's saliva-coated tail-hole. His spit was enough to lubricate, allowing him to piston up to the half-way point on his shaft with glee.
" _Mmmmpf_...yes...make me yours!"
" _Grrakh_."
"Please...dominate me...I am yours..."
Zen experienced every thrust as an intense mix of agony and bliss. Dael's pounding forced the warrior-buck deeper, his pumping becoming erratic as he lost himself to the red mist of pleasure. A hunger, only seen during the height of the yearly rut, boiled within him. Dael was an animal in need of satisfaction — who was he to argue with a powerful alpha male? Zen merely whined at the majestic buck's onslaught, delighting in his rough attention.
"That's it, my love! I am nothing compared to you!"
" _Grrrr_."
"I... _guh_...cannot com-c-compare with a big strong buck like yourself."
"That's right!" Dael bellowed, his cock spearing Zen's asshole. "Bow to me and feel my power!" He barely contained a giggle at his play-acting, something Zen was also having a hard time holding back on.
Over time, Dael was able to press his luck and insert himself almost to the hilt, pendulous balls wobbling inches from Zen's fuzzy rear. Stars above, he hadn't felt this good in weeks. It was a treat to once again find himself entwined in Zen's romantic schemes. "You know how to excite me," he huffed, thrusting all the while.
"I know," Zen replied with a stammering moan shortly after. Dael was holding him tight, arms wrapped around his torso, sealing them together as his hips gyrated with mindless abandon.
His end was close. Dael sped up, hoping to build intensity before heaven collapsed in around him. Short, sharp strokes. Plunging his cock into Zen's guts, making the little male squeal.
"I'm...I'm..." he blurted.
"Fill me," Zen cried out in adamant demand, "fill me!"
Dael finally climaxed in a rush of endorphins. The sweet simmering feel of his orgasm coursing through the buck's body collided with the burning urge to release his seed — into another male, in defiance of nature's reproductive intent. Warm life-essence coated his partner's insides. Fresh volumes of liquid love spurted from his aching cock. Dael emptied himself.
"GRRAAGGHH!!!"
Pressing down on Zen, Dael forced him to the ground, mashing him against the dry soil. Semen spilled from his pucker's seal and pooled on the dirt alongside the shaking couple.
Zen bit his lip to stifle the pain. "Stars above!"
The exhausted deer rested, his shaft withdrawn, from his lover.
Lying in the warrior-buck's arms, Zen pressed himself close to Dael's steadfast body, his nerves tingling in the aftermath of their lovemaking. Dael's arms held him tight, his softening member snug against Zen's thigh, leaking seed. "Mmmm...that was wonderful, my love," he moaned to the larger deer. Dael reached for his manhood. "You sure you don't want to feel good?" he asked, caressing Zen's erection.
"No," he breathed, "this time was for you."
Dael sniffed, nuzzling Zen's neck-fur. "I do not deserve a love such as you."
"Dael," he whispered, "why the sadness? I will forever be yours."
"That's the problem," said Dael, his head falling as a tinge of shame came over him, "I cannot say it will always be like that..."
Zen's ear flicked. He turned and asked his lover why.
"The Keepers chose me today."
The pit of Zen's stomach churned. Being accepted into the ranks of the Royal Keepers — an enormously prestigious position, bodyguard to the King himself — meant changes. He would no longer be able to keep his relationship with Zen, a lowly male born on the periphery of the Forest Kingdom. Both knew the implications. But he would be a fool to refuse.
Despite the news, Zen smiled. "I am gladdened."
"Don't be. Get angry. Fight to keep us together...why are you okay with this?"
A small hand curled around Dael's, pulling him closer. His cock found its way between Zen's pert cheeks, the cheeky deer squeezing his spent flesh. "You deserve it. It's wrong for me to take that from you."
Dew pooled the corner of Dael's eyes. He swore then to never set eyes upon another, despite the pain of loss. "I do not — I cannot — believe you are that forgiving...I-I truly love you..."
"As do I."
Their lips met for what may be the last time.

Moons crossed the sky, pushing far from sight the face of his lover Zen. Now settled as a full member of the Forest King's elite, Dael reclined. The Royal Keepers' tent had been pitched on the far side of the great woods, accompanying their sovereign's entourage. On occasion a lucky subordinate might see the King himself, accompanied by his Queen, Aela, her belly swelling with the first child of their union. Watch-Bucks, recruited from the ranks of lesser deer-folk, patrolled the outer limits, leaving the strongest and proudest warriors with aught to do but enjoy their time at ease.
Around him, his mighty comrades ate and rested. Servants and admirers from the lower castes were found among their number. Opposite Dael sat Kaen, an older veteran — but not by many years. He sat, legs open, a young male nuzzling his furry sac, every now-and-then breaking his routine with a furtive lick of the powerful buck's hardening shaft. An apprentice to a herbalist, who so readily abandoned his role for the glamour of the Keeper's tent, and the company therein. Such was the renown of the Royal Keepers that deer-folk would discard their futures to taste of their physical majesty.
Kaen chuckled as his convert supped greedily at the well of his manhood. He noticed Dael's eyes upon him. "This one I like, I like a lot!"
Dael smiled. A distant, forlorn grimace.
"Friend, what ails you?" Kaen asked, his nude patterned form bristling as a rush of air passed through the tent. His hand stroked his servant's head, the lustful male admirer sighing happily as he pleasured his master.
Dael waylaid any attempt to inquire. His comrade shrugged and returned to coaxing his young lover onward.
An absence lay at the core of his being. A seeping, festering want...
An absence whose shadow was Zen's.
Lost in memory, he noticed not the entrance of Artir, First of the Royal Keepers. A towering presence, even among they. He cast a glance around the tent interior, surveying his company. An experienced eye found itself locked on Dael, alone...and without merriment.
"Newblood," Artir addressed Dael by his nascency, "why aren't you indulging your status?"
Dael blinked. He watched his commander approach. Kaen grinned from the corner of his mouth upon seeing unwelcome attention visited upon his comrade — a smile that spoke volumes about his sense of schadenfreude.
"Look around you!" the great one bellowed, his arms outstretched, reaching even the height of the tent, "fellow warriors are enjoying the ripest fruits of both buck and doe, and you do not?"
In truth, he had been tempted. There were many beauties in the crowd that followed, fame-ridden and hungry for attention from on high. But it was not for him.
"I have no wish to break a promise I made."
"So be it," the massive male grumbled and walked away.
Kaen leaned close, the male at his shaft staring in awe at the handsome pair, scant attention devoted to the conversation over their physiques. "This promise, was it to someone...close to you?"
"Very."
He scratched his snout. "I understand now," he said knowingly.

"You have not told me why I must follow."
"Quiet is all you should be, warbrother. In time, you'll learn and be thankful."
Kaen led Dael through a crowd of his fellow fighters. Some jeered, others offered encouragement as he passed. Broad hands patted his back. Perhaps this was some form of initiation?
"What is this?"
The veteran smirked. "A Keeper who doesn't take advantage of his position to bed at least one gorgeous deer is no Keeper at all!" Resounding cheer filled the tent. Raised ale-horns, filled to the brim, splashed their nectar over the assembled crowd.
"I told you — I will not take part in that!" Dael whispered, angered at his comrade's ploy.
"You will change your mind."
"I won't."
"Oh, you will..." Dael was brought to a tent-curtain — such a meagre measure of privacy. "This one's yours," he said, pulling back the threshold, " _for life..._ "
Stepping through the veiled entrance, the lonely buck was greeted with a sight he never expected. Atop silken bedding — with fur neatly-groomed, delicate body adorned with gold-trimmed finery, luxurious sheer fabric swaddling the tender figure — he saw and understood:
"ZEN!?"
The sensually-clothed deer turned his head to face him, allowing the semi- transparent sheets to fall down his back, exposing his body to a greater extent than what his attire teased. The commotion outside faded into nothingness...
"Hello. My love."