Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Slime From Outer Space Chapter Two: MILF's Naughty Alien Encounter
Summary: Shannon's mother is about to have her own encounter with the futa-slime!
Keywords: Hf HF Hh oral wife cheat bodymod monster

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Shannon Mathers

Ruru covered me. The futa-slime just draped my body. She wasn't gooey or sticky or disgusting. She was rather warm, almost hugging me. After fucking me with her girl-dick, she had lost her shapewhich was a hairless imitation of meand melted into a soft pile.

Hey, guess who still hasn't shown up yet? Raquel asked. My girlfriend. I winced. I had just cheated on her with an alien futa-slime that had fallen out of the sky. I was just the absolute worst girlfriend in the world.

Your mom? I asked, though I already knew the answer.

Yep, that little shit lied, Raquel growled. Fucking little whore busted up our fun, pretty girl.

That little whore and little shit was Calista, Raquel's little sister. She had busted in on us in the middle of our fun. Raquel was just about to sit on my face so I could eat her yummy pussy. She claimed that Mrs. Santiago, my friend's homophobic mother, was about to be home. So we had to break it up.

Calista was just lusting after me. That fourteen-year-old brat wanted to sit on my face. To seduce me to prove she was better than Raquel or some dumb shit like that. It was so infuriating.

So it's her fault, I muttered, glancing at Ruru. The pink slime hardly moved. She was just luxuriating in orgasmic bliss. She had pumped me full of her futa-cum. 

What? Raquel asked. Did something happen on your walk home?

I hesitated. How could I tell my friend that an alien egg fell from the sky and burst open to release Ruru the futa-slime? Let alone the part where I cheated on Raquel and let Ruru just fuck me hard with her big futa-dick.

I couldn't.

This was all too insane.

I didn't even get it, and it happened to me. I lived it.

I got startled by a deer in the woods, fell, and ruined my jeans, I lied. If she hadn't busted us up, I wouldn't have had my accident.

Damn straight, pretty girl, Raquel said, her voice heated. She had all that Latin heat. Mmm, so what are you wearing?

I glanced down at the pink slime draped over my naked body. Uhh... a nightie. That pink one you like. It was currently on the floor. No panties.

Nice, she purred. Mmm, you always look so sexy in it. I can just picture you flouncing around, the skirt fluttering about those gorgeous, pale thighs. Mmm, and what naughty thing are you doing in your nightie?

God, she wanted to have fun sex. 

I swallowed, thinking. My nipples felt so good embraced by Ruru's flesh, and her dick filled my pussy. It was soft, but it was still warm and nice in me. I'm... pulling out the new dildo I bought from where I hid it so my mom and little sister wouldn't find it.

Ooh, describe it, purred Raquel. Tell me just what it looks like.

It's pink, I said, struggling to picture it. All I could see was Ruru's futa-dick thrusting from the folds of her pussy she copied from me. And long and thick. It's so big, you wouldn't think I could fit it in me.

But you can, she purred. You love it stretching out your pussy. Ooh, I can see it. What's it made of? Hard plastic?

Gel, I said. It wiggles a lot. You can squeeze it. There's even a cute, pink heart in the middle of it. Ruru had a pink heart in the middle of her. 

Hot, she said. Are you going to suck on it? Get it all nice and wet for your pussy?

Oh, yes, Raquel, I moaned. I thrust out my tongue and licked the air. Getting the tip all nice and wet. It's so big. It's really going to stretch my pussy out. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

The alien was talking so much on her communication device. I didn't understand any of it. So many sounds. Not just ru. That was all you needed. Ru. You could string it together that, when used with the thirty-seven different tones, let you say anything.

Itsreallygoingtostretchmypussyout, she said, her words all flowing together. Imgoingtothrustitinsodeepintomycunt.

She was growing excited. Her pussy squeezed about my clit-dick. I had pumped her full of my cum. Maybe I should clean her up. It was just so wonderful to finally cum. I had just let myself relax and pour over her.

I gathered myself up into the form of her. I had examined every bit of her. Other than her useless hairs that were all over her body, especially her head, I could recreate her. I had more than enough mass. 

She froze, staring at me. I could hear chirping the other end. She spoke with another alien. 

Yeahsorry, the alien said, her green eyes staring down at me. She had pale skin, pink nipples, and red string sprouting fine from her head. It was a very fetching color. I liked it. Ikeepsuckingonit. Gettingitniceandwet. Goingtofuckmycunthard.

I was hearing repeated sounds. I wanted to learn her language, but I needed to hear more. Experience more. She needed to grow her girl-cock and spurt all her salty cum in me. Then I could examine her genetic information and copy her even better. She was a carbon-based lifeform like me.

Imrubbingitonmynipple, she said as I flowed down her body and knelt between her legs. I stared at her pussy. She gasped open and my pink girl-cunt leaked out. Yeahyeahitfeelsgreatonmynips!

I smacked my lips together and bent down. I had created a mouth like hers full of all the taste buds. My nose was working, too. I could smell my salty cum and this tangy scent that was her pussy. It was a heady aroma. 

I kissed her pussy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

Holy shit! I gasped as Ruru licked at my pussy. She stroked her tongue through my folds and made me shiver from the contact. That's... On my fucking god!

What? Raquel moaned. Ooh, tell me, my fingers are just thrusting in and out of my cunt. I'm having such a fun time frigging myself.

It's... my toy. I shuddered at that tongue lapping at my pussy. I'm rubbing my nipple and you're... You're licking my pussy.

Fuck, yes, I am, pretty girl! moaned Raquel. I could hear her fingers squelching as she frigged her cunt. I am going to town on that tangy poon. Just licking you all over.

I feel it, I moaned, my face contorting from Ruru's naughty tongue. She slid through my folds, brushing my labia and clit as she lapped up her own cum leaking out of me. You're licking up all the... the pussy cream that's pouring out of me. And it feels so good.

Damn straight, I am, my girlfriend purred. You know I am going to town on that twat. Just eating your pie.

A creampie. 

Your tongue is reaching so deep into me, I whimpered, my orgasm building as I described what Ruru did to me as if Raquel was doing it. This was so wrong, but I couldn't stop myself. I just loved what that naughty futa-slime did to me. Just wiggling around in me. Stirring me up.

Raquel groaned, her fingers thrusting in and out of her pussy while the futa-slime ate me out. She thrust her tongue into my cunt and scooped out the cum she found in me. She gathered it up into her hungry mouth. I shuddered, loving every moment of it.

My thighs squeezed about her head. I held her to my cunt as I groaned, My boobs jiggle and bounced. My heart pounded as I loved this pleasure. It was incredible. My face contorted with this wondrous delight as she devoured me.

She ate me with such passion. She devoured me with everything that she had. I gasped into the phone as my orgasm built and built. The futa-slime's naughty tongue flicked up to my clit. She suckled it into her mouth.

She... you're sucking so hard on my clit, Raquel, I moaned. Just nursing on it. Your naughty lips are nibbling on mine.

And you're fucking the dildo so fast in and out of my cunt, Raquel moaned. Oh, shit, yes, yes, just keep stirring up my cunt with it. I'm going to cum.

Cum! I moaned, my pussy clenching. The slime fluttered her tongue around my bud. Then she suckled so hard.

I... I... Yes, pretty girl! My girlfriend howled on the other side of the line as she came hard.

I shuddered, my toes curling. Ruru's nursing mouth felt amazing. Her gelatinous cheeks hollowed as she nursed on my bud. My cunt clenched, the pressure building and building. I couldn't take much more of this. My face contorted.

Yes! I howled as I burst with delight. I'm cumming, too!

My girlfriend had no idea why I was cumming. She just moaned with me while Ruru licked and lapped at my clit. She fluttered her tongue over my bud. I whimpered, my eyes squeezing shut as the delight washed over me. I quivered through this amazing bliss.

Ruru drank my pussy cream as I moaned and shuddered, My boobs jiggled. My mind drowned in the rapturous delight. I quivered through my orgasm. I hit the peak of bliss as the naughty futa-slime nibbled on my bud.

Sounded like it was good for you, too Raquel purred.

Shame burned across my cheeks. Yeah. I mean, not like as good as when you do it.

Only it was. Ruru really knew what she was doing.

Mmm, we should buy a dildo. A pink gelatinous one. Raquel giggled. Wouldn't that be naughty to use on each other?

Yeah, if we can ever get the alone time to use it on each other, I said, squirming. My family was in the house. What if they heard something? 

Well, I have to go. Mom is finally home. I need to get dressed. She won't be too mad about me masturbating, but...

If she found out you were flicking your bean to a girl, you'd be busted, I said, shuddering as Ruru was flicking my bean with her tongue. She was prodding it. A shiver ran through me at how good that felt.

Well, I have to go, Raquel said. Love you.

Love you, too, I said, cheeks burning with shame. I had cheated on her with an alien. A futa-slime that was making my clit feel just amazing. Ruru, what are you doing? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

Ruru, the alien said, addressing me, whatareyoudoing?

Rurururururu, I said, telling her that I was examining her clit and wondering why it didn't transform into a cock. Rururururu?

Thatdoesntmakeanysense!

I had no idea what she said, but I sensed she was as frustrated as I was by our language barrier. I was beginning to suspect that she wasn't a hermaphrodite like me. She couldn't turn her clit into a cock. Had I fallen on a world where the genders were split? That wasn't good. I would have to do something about that. There were poor creatures on this planet that didn't have pussies. Just cocks.

And having a pussy was better than a cock. What were they called...?

Males.

Males and females. Female was better than male. Hermaphrodites were like females with cocks. Clit-cocks. That was the best way to go. To have boobs and a pussy and a dick you could grow and no balls. Balls were just annoying. Like those silky strands she had.

Fur! That was the name for it. She had fur. On her arms, too, but not as much as her head. Poor thing. Maybe I could shave her? No, no, best not to do that. What if she liked her hair? Well, I had to do something about this terrible situation. I had to make her into a futa. I just needed to modify my sperm. 

I concentrated on modifying my semen, using the pussy cream I swallowed to give me clues on her genetic information. Oh, yes, she had sex chromosomes. Definitely a species with two genders. I felt the changes taking effect and smiled. 

Now I just had to get her to suck my dick. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

She had stopped flicking my clit and now she just sat there, her look vacant. I blinked. Ruru?

She didn't answer me. Had something broken in her? I hoped not. I didn't want her to be hurt. I didn't know what I wanted from her. I was worried I would have sex with her and worried that I wouldn't. I mean, I didn't want to cheat on Raquel, but that futa-dick...

Oh, my, wasn't that just a delicious delight? How thick it was. How amazing it felt pumping away in me. I shuddered at just how wonderful it was feeling her plunging into me. My pussy felt so full. She stretched me out in ways fingers and hairbrush handles never had.

Rururururu! she gasped and rose to her feet, looking triumphant. Her futa-dick bobbed before her while her pink heart seemed to pulse in delight. Rurururu!

What's up, Ruru? I asked, staring at her. 

She put her hands on her hips and thrust forward. Rurururu!

It was like she was asking me to do something. I leaned back on my head and spread my legs apart. Did she want to fuck me again? Her brow furrowed. She pursed her lips together. It was so weird staring at my own self shown in her.

Ru! She shook her head. Then she opened her mouth and stuck two fingers into them. She suckled on them, bobbing her head.

A blowjob, Ruru? I frowned. Do you want me to... suck your clit-dick?

I stared at the futa-slime's pink cock. A clear liquid was beading at the slit. Precum, I think, it was called. Lubrication for fucking. She suckled hard on her digits. It was clear that she wanted me to do naughty thighs to her cock.

I mean... It was sort of exciting. She was me with a dick. It almost was like the wildest form of masturbation. It was a girl's dick, too. So it was still sort of lezzie, right. And... Maybe it was rude not to suck her dick. She did come from another planet. I couldn't be a poor host.

Yeah, that was right. I had to be a... goodwill ambassador from Earth and suck the alien's dick. No real choice in the manner. I slipped off the bed and knelt before her. I stared at that cock that twitched before my eyes. I swallowed. 

I opened my mouth and slid my lips over her girl-dick. She was so warm in my mouth. My tongue swabbed over her crown. She gasped, ripping her fingers out of her mouth. Her round boobs jiggled in such an enticing way.

I did have great tits, didn't I?

Rurururu! she cooed in delight.

I winked at her, liking the sweet flavor of the precum. It was good. My pussy clenched and I took my first suckle. Her cock throbbed in my mouth. The salty scent of her pussy filled my nose. That was a wonderful combination. 

Growing more and more used to this, I suckled on her. More of that sweet precum spilled over my tongue. It made me want to suck her even harder. To nurse on her with all my might and make her cum. I bet her girl-jizz would taste amazing.

I had heard boys' cum was salty and bitter, but a futa-slime, yummy.

I nursed on her and started bobbing my head. That made her moan louder. I slid my mouth down her cock until she brushed the back of my throat. Then I worked back up her, my lips sealed tight and massaging her gelatinous member. It was incredible to nurse on her and taste her precum. 

I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down her girl-dick faster. I was so eager to make her cum. I hungered to taste the real deal. To find out if it was as good as this wonderful and sweet precum that leaked out of her mouth.

Rurururu! she groaned in encouragement. She smiled down at me. 

I winked at her.

She winked back. 

I loved it. I suckled hard on her alien futa-dick. I nursed with passion, my right hand cupping her pussy. I rubbed at those familiar pussy lips. I had masturbated this cunt so many times. I knew it intimately. I thrust my fingers inside.

And found the exact same texture I was used to. That was incredible. I quivered in delight, so glad that I could feel something this wonderful in her. I worked my digits in and out of her cunt. She groaned, her head tossing from side to side.

I swirled my tongue around her cock and fingered her cunt. I nursed on her hard. She gasped, her futa-dick throbbing in my mouth. I loved this so much. Her pussy clenched about my digits as I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down her girl-dick.

Rururururu! she gasped. Rurururu!

Going to cum, huh? Good.

She smiled down at me. It was clear she loved what I did other. I was so happy to do this to her. So thrilled to make her feel so good. She tossed her head from side to side, her tits swaying. Her pussy juices ran down the back of my hand.

I swirled my tongue around her dick, making her shudder, her cunt clamping down on me. I pumped away faster at her, eager to feel her twat convulsing. Would her orgasm feel like mine? I hoped so. I wanted her to have such delight.

She whimpered, her head throwing back. Her pussy clamped down on me. Finally, her cock erupted.

RURURURU!

Sweet futa-cum pumped into my mouth. I groaned and gulped down that wonderful jizz. It was thicker than Raquel's pussy cream. I shuddered, loving it. My throat worked as I swallowed every drop that rushed out of her.

At the same time, juices gushed out of her spasming cunt and soaked my hand. Her spicy musk swelled in intensity in my nose. I loved it as I breathed in. More and more of her futa-cum flooded my mouth and poured down my throat.

Rurururu, she panted as he fired the last blast. A big smile spread on her lips. Rururururu.

I slid my mouth off her girl-cock. You're welcome, Ruru. It was so yummy and... I blinked. It was... I... 

A wave of dizziness fell on me. I stared at her, wondering if her cum was making me sleepy. I managed to rise and sit my naked ass on the bed. She smiled at me and cupped my cheeks. She stroked me as sleep fell on me like a thick, warm, snugly blanket.

Darkness crashed over me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

She passed out. Well, I knew she would be fine. I was curious about this domicile that she brought me into. I heard footsteps moving outside the door. I melted into my natural form of a blob and extended my pseudopodia before me to move along to the door. There was a crack in it. I squeezed beneath it and spotted something purple vanishing into another room.

I heard a musical sound. Was she singing? Or was that another form of their conversation? Then I heard water splashing. It sounded like a basin was being filled up. Was it a bath? I loved soaking in warm water, nearly dissolving into nothing. It just felt so amazing.

The water was filling up. I saw steam. Hot water.

That had to be a bath. Ooh, I just had to get in it. And if that was another female, I could play with her, too. The alien was passed out, but that didn't mean I couldn't enjoy another. I oozed through the crack beneath the door onto the fuzzy floor covering. They sure liked fur.

I made it out and thrust my pseudopodia before me, pulling myself along the fuzzy surface to this new room. There was more steam rising from a white vessel that looked big enough for the aliens to immerse in. This was a bath. I slid onto the smooth floor made of tiles that formed geometric patterns. 

I reached the vessel and thrust my two pseudopodia up at it. I grabbed the rounded lip and peered down. There were bubbles across the surface. Something sweet was in the air. Some sort of chemical added to it? The frothy mess would hide me.

I tumbled in and quivered in delight.

I let myself stretch out, growing almost diffused in it, my body broken up into strands that were held together. I filled it all up and quivered in delight. All that warmth around me. I could just fall asleep like this. 

What a wonderful discovery! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

I hummed as I headed back to the bathroom, eager for a nice, relaxing bath. Shannon was in her room. I hoped she wouldn't masturbate so loudly. I understood what it was like being her age, but the sounds that were coming from her room...

They were so embarrassing. I didn't want to talk to her about it, that would only humiliate my daughter. Maybe a subtle way. Mention how thin the walls were or something. Her siblings didn't seem to notice. They were busy playing their video game. And I hoped my husband hadn't realized those sounds, but I was a woman. A mother. 

Well, it was quiet now.

I slipped into the bathroom and undid my robe. I was now naked beneath having stripped off my nightie in my bedroom. I draped my bathrobe across the counter. The tub was nice and full, the water steaming and the sweet scent of rose and lavender filling the air. I turned off the lights, the only illumination coming from a small plug-in nightlight.

Just enough to let me relax.

I slipped into the tub. The water was so warm but it also felt so... thick. I frowned. Had I put in too much of the bath bubbles? It felt pleasant, though, so I kept sinking into it. I shuddered as I settled into it, feeling this warmth engulf my legs and crotch. Then it rose my stomach to my breasts. I leaned back, my large boobs bobbing on the surface.

I rested my head against the back. I had bought this tub because it was just so comfortable to lie in. I closed my eyes and let the heat engulf my body. It was so relaxing. A heavy, contented sigh escaped my lips.

I started to doze, letting the day's stresses melt away along with the soreness in my feet. I was on my feet all day as a nurse. But this bath was just a pure delight. It felt even better than normal. Like I had added Epsom salts to it.

In fact, it felt so nice, I almost imagined something fluttering against my pussy lips. Almost like a little tongue licking me. I quivered in naughty delight as this wanton warmth suffused me. The hunky movie star Jason Momoa filled my thoughts. 

Wouldn't it be wild for him to eat my pussy?

That fantasy filled me. I imagined him licking and lapping at my cunt, just stroking his tongue up and down my folds. He brushed my clit. I could almost feel the sparks bursting from my bud. It felt so real. My toes curled.

Mmmmm, I sighed.

My nipples hardened. They ached as my boobs bobbed on the surface of the bath. The warmth of the steam crept over them. Almost like Jason Momoa's hands were stroking them. Squeezing them. I groaned again, so turned on.

If my husband asked for sex tonight, he would get it.

Then my nipples throbbed. I could feel his fingers massaging them. Rolling them. I gasped, my body shuddering in the tub. I didn't know what was going on with my body, but I loved everything that was happening to me so far.

Yes, I sighed. Oh, yes, Jason.

The tongue thrust into my pussy. I could feel it swirling around in me. This was so real. I groaned, my eyes fluttering. The tongue fluttered in my cunt, stroking me. It was so amazing. Then the fingers were like mouths sucking on my nipples.

Oh, my god, what is this?

I felt too good to care what was happening to my body. Was it menopause? I was only forty-one. It had to be too early for that. But what else could this be but a hot flash? A sensual and sexy hot flash that had my body bursting with delight.

Water splashed around my boobs as I shuddered. The tongue was licking with such intensity at my pussy. My nipples throbbed beneath that sucking pressure. This was insane. I wasn't even touching myself, and yet I felt amazing. A big smile spread on my lips.

The tongue flicked up to my clit. I felt lip nibbling at my clit. Then something entered me. Fingers. Two or three of them. God, something was happening to me. I was either going insane, or there was something in the bath doing things to me.

I felt too good to care.

The fingers pumped in and out of me. I shuddered as the mouth suckled on my clit while those digits pumped in and out of my cunt. I whimpered, clamping my pussy cunt down around those naughty fingers. 

They fucked me faster and faster while my nipples throbbed. They were being sucked on in such exciting ways. I quivered in delight. The pleasure built and built in me so fast. I shuddered, loving everything that was happening to me.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, my pussy clamping down on those digits. They were churning me up. You're going to make me cum.

Was it a ghost? Was I being molested by a spirit?

They were so good at eating pussy. My body spasmed in the water as my orgasm swelled in me faster and faster. Water sloshed over the rim and splashed on the floor. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest.

The lips suckled hard on my clit. They felt amazing. I squealed in delight as my back arched. My boobs jiggled. The unseen entity squeezed them with such warm grips. Pleasure shot down to my twat being reamed by those fingers.

Yes, yes, yes! I squealed and came.

My pussy convulsed around the digits as waves of delight rushed through my body.

I groaned, my boobs bouncing and jiggling. The unseen force played with them as the fingers ripped out of my cunt. Then the lips sealed over my twat. Water splashed as I bucked through the bliss racing through me.

It was incredible. Intense.

Oh, my god! I whimpered.

I loved every second of the entity drinking the pussy cream that gushed out of me. I quivered in delight, my legs twitching. I tossed my head, stars dancing through the mostly dark bathroom. I hit the peak, quivering there.

Oh, my god, what are you? I moaned. That was incredible.

I fluttered my eyes open as I felt something moving in the water. Then the bubbly surface broke. A head emerged. A pink, gelatinous head. I panted, staring at her. She had no hair but a feminine face. God, I just had lesbian sex with a poltergeist.

That must be ectoplasm or something. That was what they called it in Ghostbusters. Not Melissa McCarthy's best film by a long shot. My husband said the original was so much better.

You were amazing, I breathed, feeling too good to be scared. 

The bubbles slid off shoulders then breasts appeared. They were round and perky, made of the same pink ectoplasm. Hands were squeezing my tits. She had been molesting me the entire time. She leaned over me, staring down at me.

Rurururu!

Her breasts pressed in my large, soft tits. I felt so good from the orgasm, I didn't care. Let the ghost molest me. Was it even cheating when a spiritual entity molested me? I closed my eyes as her lips came closer. As I did, her face sort of looked like Shannon's.

But that had to just be a trick of the low light.

Her lips met mine. They were so soft and feminine. I shuddered as her tongue thrust into my lips. I faintly tasted my tangy pussy cream on her mouth. I shuddered as her arms went around me. My nipples throbbed against her tits.

This was so different. She was so soft and gelatinous. There was nothing hard or hairy about her. No stubble on my lips. I groaned, my cunt clenching. The heat swept through me. I kissed her with such hunger, unable to resist her. 

She humped against my pussy. I felt her trying to... to... whatever the word was when lesbians ground pussies. I couldn't think of it right now. My clit throbbed, my body feeling so amazing. The water sloshed around us. More spilled onto the floor.

I groaned, savoring this delight.

My tongue played with hers. The ghost's tongue swirled around mine, dancing about in such an exciting way. I shuddered beneath her, my heart racing. My hands slid down her back. I found her ass. I squeezed her perky rump.

I burned.

I needed to cum. I pulled her harder against my pussy, wanting to see if I could climax from this... tribbing. That was it. Tribbing. I wanted to come from tribbing with the ghost. Hell, didn't care how I came. I just wanted to burst with delight.

Something pressed into my pussy. I froze as I felt this long, swelling part of her entering me. It was like her clit was expanding into me like a cock. I shuddered. I didn't even know how to describe this. How could her clit become a dick?

Was it a dildo?

Was the ghost making a strap-on dildo to fuck me with? I had used dildos, but they were never so warm. I could feel it growing thicker and longer. My eyes widened for a moment. Then I groaned as she stretched out my pussy more than my husband did. I quivered beneath her, water sloshing around us.

Her dildo reached almost to my cervix. My cunt squeezed around her. I loved it. I could feel her girth. The warmth. It had a spongy quality. Like firm jelly just like the rest of the spirit. She whimpered into my kiss and drew back.

I broke the kiss and gasped. Oh, my god!

Rurururu, the ghost moaned as if it felt just as good for it. 

She thrust her dildo back into my cunt. My pussy clenched about it. This wonderful rush of delight swept through me. It washed through my body. I loved every second of filling it in me. I groaned, savoring that delight pumping away at me. 

The water sloshed more with her energetic thrusts. She pumped in and out of me with such force. She buried into my cunt hard. I loved it. I savored that delight slamming into my snatch. She churned me up.

I came closer and closer to cumming. I loved every second of this delight. She churned me up with her dildo, her boobs rubbing into mine. I loved how soft they were on my tits, her nipples nearly as fat as mine.

When they brushed, sparks flared.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, the water splashing around us. Oh, you naughty ghost. Fuck me with that dildo.

Rururu, she groaned, her voice sounding almost like Shannon's. So girlish and delicious.

My fingers dug into her flexing ass, feeling her gelatinous flesh jiggling beneath my kneading digits as he slammed her dildo into my twat. She buried hard and fast, stretching me out with every plunge. It was amazing.

The best sex I had in a long time.

Yes, yes, that's it, I whimpered, my cunt loving every second of her burying into me. It was wondrous to have her burying into me. I squeezed my cunt around her. I'm going to cum on your big dildo! Just burst with delight.

Rurururu! The joy in her voice was so clear. She was going to cum, too.

I loved it. I squeezed my cunt around her dildo to increase the delight building in me. My orgasm swelled, about to burst in me. Just a few more strokes from her, and I would detonate. I wanted it so much. I was eager to burst with my pleasure.

She churned me up with her naughty thrusts. She buried into me over and over again. I loved it. I squeezed my cunt around her big dildo slamming into me. She fucked me harder and faster. She plunged that amazing shaft into me again and again.

I quivered then she plunged all the way in me.

Yes! I squealed and came on the ghost's ectoplasmic dildo.

My pussy convulsed around her thick dildo. The spasms set rapture surging through me. The flood of bliss swept through my body and drowned my mind. I quivered in delight, my married flesh writhing around her shaft as she drew back.

Oh, my god, you naughty ghost! I gasped as she slammed her dildo back into me.

Something erupted into me.

My eyes widened as I felt hot cum. Somehow, this female spirit was cumming in me.

I burst with even more rapture, my orgasm exploding with more fervor. A girl-ghost was spurting jizz into my married pussy. A tsunami of lust slammed into my mind. Stars exploded through the dark bathroom.

Water splashed around us, the levels so low now. I quivered, my pussy milking her spurting dildo. No, no, her girl-dick. I milked her jizz. It flooded into me. I gasped, my orgasm drowning me in such ecstatic delight.

I hit the peak then slumped in the tub. I panted, my pussy squeezing about her girl-dick. I loved her girth in me. It was amazing to feel. Her cock twitched in me, firing a last spurt of her cum while I just drifted in a haze of delight.

I couldn't move. I was so stunned by the bliss. I felt her sliding out of me. Off of me. I watched her in a bemused daze spill over the edge of the tub and splash on the floor. She formed a pile of pink slime that oozed towards the door.

I closed my eyes, feeling her girl-spunk leaking out of me.

That was incredible, I whimpered.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

What a lovely bath! That woman had felt so wonderful to fuck. She had bigger boobs and hair around her pussy. I wondered what that meant. I oozed beneath the door, eager to see if my modified sperm had worked on the first alien I met.

I was so eager to suck on her girl-dick. I crossed the hallway and its fuzzy flooring and oozed beneath her door. The stairs creaked. Another alien came up. This one had heavy steps. I flowed all the way beneath the door.

Stillinthebathhoney? this alien asked in a much deeper voice.

I oozed across the room and saw the alien twitching. Was she coming awake? I hoped so. I was so intrigued to see if she was a futa or not. I wished I had swept all the way over the woman in the bath, but I would just have to mirror this alien's form. For now. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

I came groggily awake. That sort of post-nap haze where you still felt sleepy but you also were awake again. I blinked and set up to find Ruru kneeling before me wearing my form again. She had a big smile on her face.

Sorry, I said. I must have fallen asleep. I hope you were a good slime and didn't go anywhere.

Rururururu! she said and nuzzled her face between my thighs. 

God, she wanted to eat me out again. I breathed in and smelled the sweet scent of rose and lavender. Mom must have taken her bath. God, that meant she was just across the hallway, so I had to be quiet. No loud noises.

Ruru, I said as her gelatinous head pressed between my thighs, her mouth coming closer to my pussy, maybe now's not a good time.

But Ruru didn't understand English. The alien just pressed her mouth against my pussy lips and latched onto my clit. I gasped as she went straight for my bud and suckled on it. I gasped and fell back on my bed.

Fuck! burst from my lips before I could stop myself. I was not ready for such direct clitoral stimulation. 

My bud throbbed. It felt so much more sensitive than usual. I squirmed on the bed, panting and shuddering. She kept nursing on me, my clit aching in her mouth. Her lips sealed about it. Her tongue swirled about the tip. I felt so much of her mouth around me.

It was almost like I was growing into her mouth. Like my clit was expanding into... a...

Ruru, did you make me into a futa? I gasped, bolting up. I stared down at her lips as they were sealed around something... wider than my clit. I could feel myself growing into her mouth. Holy fucking shit, you did! You made me into a dickgirl!

Shannon, what's going on in there? Dad asked. He knocked on the door.

I'm trying on some new clothes, I gasped. But they don't fit like they should. So don't come in!

Okay, he said. Try not to shout so loudly. You need to think of the others who live here.

Yes, Daddy! I said, my heart beating a mile a minute in my chest. 

Ruru kept sucking my growing dick. I could see it through her gelatinous, translucent flesh. It was such a wild sight to witness her sucking on my girl-dick. I was huge, half of my cock not even in her mouth now. I was thick, too.

God, are dicks really that huge? I asked in shock. Wasn't the average like... seven inches or something? That was... Was that a futa of girl-dick? I must be as big as Ruru.

She bobbed her head, working her jelly-soft lips up and down my girl-dick. My eyes bulged at the feeling of her sucking the entire time. It was such an intense pleasure. It almost knocked me on my ass. I groaned at the feeling of her sucking like this.

It was intense. Incredible.

I gasped, my pussy clenching. I fell back on my bed, my toes curling from her section. The sensation of her nursing reached right into the depths of my snatch. I could feel it pulling on these two hard points in me.

I didn't know what was going on, but this pressure was building and building at the tip. I whimpered and squirmed, my round breast jiggling as she nursed on me with such hunger. With all this force. She swirled her tongue about my new cock.

Ruru, I whimpered. Oh, my god, Ruru. This is... I mean... Ruru!

She suckled on my dick. She nursed with such hunger. It was outstanding. I groaned, my face contorting with the delight of this moment. She suckled with such passion on me, bobbing her head and nursing on me with everything that she had. 

I couldn't believe how great this felt. How amazing it was to have her suckling on me like this. 

I loved having a girl-dick.

Oh, my god, I whimpered. Oh, Ruru. That's incredible.

She moaned around my dick.

Yes, yes, you know what you're doing to me! 

I groaned as she nursed on me with such hunger. She suckled with all this force. My pussy clenched every time she did that. The pressure swelled in my depths. I squirmed on my bed, my toes curled in delight.

It was such an incredible sensation to have her nursing on me. I loved every moment of it. How had she done this?

Alien, duh. She could do lots of things. My pussy clenched as I realized Raquel might like my girl-dick. Surely she would forgive me for having my little unplanned fling with the futa-slime. It wasn't like I meant for this to happen.

God, this is so good, I groaned.

Ruru moaned again.

 I liked when she did that. The humming buzzed around my dick, making the ache grow there. This wonderful itch would have me exploding with my new orgasm. My pussy grew hotter and hotter as she bobbed her head. 

The ache built and built at the tip. I couldn't stop it. Something in me had to erupt. My futa-cum had to burst out of my girl-dick and shower her mouth. I wanted to last longer, but I must be like a virgin boy. I just... 

Exploded.

My futa-cock erupted. I bucked on the bed and squealed out in delight as I fired blast after blast of jizz into the futa-slime's mouth. I basted her with my cum. Stars burst across my vision. So much delight shot through my body. I quivered through this bliss, my pussy convulsing.

I was cumming with my twat and my futa-dick at the same time.

I felt the dual delights rushing through my body. My bed creaked as I whimpered out the delight. This was intense. Amazing. I loved every second of the intense rapture firing from my dick mixing with the waves of delight rushing out of my cunt. 

Ruru! I moaned, stars twinkling across my vision.

The alien gulped down my futa-cum. She drank it with such hunger. She swallowed every drop of it she could find. I shuddered in shock, my heart pounding. My face contorted with the delight that fired out of my clit-dick and washed out of my cunt.

Oh, my god, I panted, my round breasts jiggling.

Ruru suckled on my girl-cock. I shuddered, sitting up to see her mouth was full of my salty cum. It swirled about in there. Then she swallowed it. My eyes widened. I watched it travel down to her belly. I quivered, witnessing it slowly dissolving.

Did she get sustenance from it?

If I came in her pussy, could she ingest my cum, too?

I gasped and grabbed her shoulders, pushing her mouth off my cock. She slid up it, sucking the entire way. Her lips popped off my dick. It waved back and forth. I stared at her in shock, my entire body trembling. 

Ruru! I whimpered. I have to fuck you!

I pushed down on her shoulders, shoving her to the floor. She smiled at me, her futa-cock slapping into my belly with a wet smack. Her flesh rippled with the impact. I was so eager to ram into her.

To enjoy her. 

My cock pressed into hers as I settled between her thighs. I shifted my hips, dragging my dick down her shaft. She twitched and throbbed against me. A quiver of excitement ran through me. My breath came in such ragged inhalations. I was doing this. I was about to fuck her so hard.

I slipped my futa-dick down to her pussy. My tip nuzzled into her gelatinous folds. It was like I was about to fuck my own cunt. I shuddered as I pressed forward. My dick sank into her folds. This heady rush ran through me.

Yes! I squealed. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

As I lay in the bathtub in a daze, my breasts were rising and falling. I could feel the ghost's ectoplasmic cum in me. She was a hermaphrodite. She had both girl and boy parts. That was so insane. I couldn't believe this had just happened to me.

I felt so amazing, though.

I had cheated on my husband, and I wasn't even feeling guilty. How could I? 

I was floating in this daze as the water slowly got colder and colder around me. I shuddered and finally had to get out before it robbed me of this amazing feeling. I climbed out and stepped onto the soggy floor mat. 

I threw that over the shower rod to dry. I grabbed a towel and rubbed it over my body. I felt her cum leaking out of me. I scooped the thick and creamy cum from my bush and popped it into my mouth, tasting my own tangy delight mixed with it.

A hermaphrodite ghost. What a strange occurrence! I used my towel to mop up the rest of the water on the floor and tossed it into the hamper. I drew on my bath towel and slipped out of the bathroom. I could hear my youngest and oldest still playing their video game. Shannon was still in her room.

Ruru! she gasped. I have to fuck you!

I froze at that. Ruru? Fuck? Was the poltergeist in there molesting my daughter? 

I couldn't let that happen. 

Yes!

I lunged for the door and grabbed the knob. I twisted it and threw it open to see my daughter thrusting a girl-dick into the pink ghost's flesh. Shannon's head shot up and locked on me. She trembled in shock as I stared at what she had.

A cock. My daughter was a hermaphrodite, too?

Mom! she shrieked.


To be continued...