Bachelor Party
by strywriter

Chapter 1 - Bachelor Party

Diana and Ellen talked some more and Reba told her she didn’t think she could do Vegas due to budgetary constraints but her sister was a bartender at a private club that catered to the public for private events like birthday parties. “One of their biggest draws was bachelor and bachelorette parties and she said if you ever wanted to get laid by more than one guy that is the place to do it.”

“So, what, we’re supposed to be the entertainment?”

“Yes, we can be guest entertainers but the real strippers will be there too.” Thresa has done it a few times and she said it is just outrageous how excited the guys get and how wet you get dancing naked in front of them.

“I don’t dance that well, Diana laughed.”

“Me neither, but at least you look good enough to be the entertainment; I look like a tired but horny nurse who is married and hasn’t’ stayed in shape, but we can’t fix that right now. Anyway, from what my sister says these parties can get really raunchy as in group sex on the stage, with the audience.

“So, who is having sex with whom?” “I mean aren’t bachelor parties stag?”

“No, they use to be, but now women go to, and strippers who will do extra things for extra money, and then from what she says there are girlfriends that want to get wild with the guest of honor and others. So, it turns into a big orgy.

“Wow, I had no idea.”

“She says you should see the bachelorette parties.” “Holly shit they are all out fuck fests with the girls sucking and screwing male dancers and eating one another.”

“Wow, look what we missed!”

“Yeah, tell me about it, anyway she invited us to come check it out.” “We can help her behind the bar and then if we are interested in joining in the party after the strippers leave, we are free to. What do you think?

“Sounds scary, but what the hell, we looking for adventure and that sounds pretty damn adventuresome! “When is it?”

“This I think it is next weekend and then there is another one the following weekend, in case the first one is a bust, how’s that work with your cycle?”

“Fine, I’m on now but almost done, you?”

“Last week, so I’m good.”

Ellen and Diana went over to meet with Ellen’s sister, Reba, so she could fill them in on how the parties worked. Reba was just an inch or so taller than Ellen so, maybe 5’ 7” and 130-ish. She had good sized breasts and a little more waist and hips than she probably wanted but working in a bar, around food and drink, is not the best job if you are trying to watch your weight.

Reba made them all the latest cocktail, a Pink Lady, and they settled down in the living room. Reba opened a photo album with showing some of the parties the club had hosted; everything from 50th wedding anniversaries, to birthday parties, to bachelor and bachelorette parties.

“Oh, I like the strippers,” Diana commented, looking at the bachelorette section.

“Very nice Ellen said looking over her shoulder.”

“Yeah, they are VERY NICE Reba said holding her hand about a foot apart, and they are very friendly.”

“Ellen and Diana laughed and Ellen said, oh, and how do you know that little sister?”

Reba laughed, “well someone has to oversee the hired help.” They all laughed.

“Have you actually been with one?” Ellen asked.

“Oh, hell yeah, one, two, three, it’s funny, how easy it is to get laid when you run a bar and hold people’s bar tabs.”

They all laughed and Diana said, “I never thought of using that trick, I have always resorted to the accidentally forgetting to wear panties and opening my legs.”

“Ah, the tried and true never fails us, said Reba, direct, but efficient and if that doesn’t work then you don’t want them in bed!” More laughter.

“So anyway, you guys will be helping me as bar-backs, getting beers and shots while I mix the cocktails, if anyone actually wants a cocktail, this is a bachelor party and a lot of younger guys stick to beer or beer and shooters.” “Also, you may need to help the waitress deliver drinks, but there is nothing to that.”

“What should we wear Ellen asked?”

“Your shortest black skirt or dress and stockings are always a hit with the guys, especially if you wear a garter so they can see the straps when you bend over.” “In short, the more T and A they see the more we get tipped and we all share the tips. The house includes a tip in the bill, but the guys are free to tip the waitress’ and girls on stage and I keep a big jar glued to the bar for the guys who don’t want to wait for the waitress to come around.” “And believe me it all adds up pretty quick.”

“Once dinner is done the strippers come on and then the party really gets rolling. When they are done, it’s the after party if they are that type of crowd. And don’t worry we keep bouncers all night who escort us to our cars when we leave just in case some Romeo is waiting in the parking lot.”

“So, when do we jump the strippers or party goers Ellen asked, thinking the direct approach was best since Reba knew she wanted to get laid by several men.”

“Reba laughed and said wow, straight to the point, I like that.” “Ok sis, you said you wanted to get laid but you haven’t told me by whom, strippers or regular guys?”

“Both, Ellen answered with a big grin.” “I never thought of male strippers before so now I want both. “

“Alright then, the party that is coming up is a small bachelor party, which is perfect for your first foray into the wonderful world of sluting.” “There should be around 15 to 25 guys and most will be young but a few may be older brothers or even a dad or two.” “The strippers will get the boys all worked up and we pounce at closing time.”

“How, Ellen asked?”

I normally hand out colored chips to the guys who we want to invite to the after party and the guys show the chips to the bouncers and the bouncers let them stay in the club and then when the doors are locked, we party down.

What do the bouncers do, watch? Diana asked.

Reba laughed and said, “yeah, they do a lot of the time, but sometimes they join in and believe me they are worth their weight in gold.” “They are not only big but what they are packing is big if you like that sort of thing?” “And if the guys try to get rough then they are worth ten times what they are paid!”

“Oh yeah Diana said and all the girls laughed.”

Ellen was staring at the Black bouncer, Joe, “so, have you been with Joe one on one?”

“Oh yeah, a number of times, both in group sex and one on one.”

“Well, is it as good as we dreamed it would be back when we were in high school Jilling in our bedroom?”

“Better!” Reba laughed, “and you don’t have to worry about mom catching you picking her cucumbers or zucchinis.” “But he isn’t as big as some of those were either.” They both laughed

“What’s the deal with back in high school, Diana asked?”

“Oh, we used to share a bedroom and the other two shared a bedroom and Ellen and I used to she-bop with various things, but our favorite was straight from the garden!” More laughter from all of them.

“Yeah, then the hard thing was distracting mom to either put the veggies in the kitchen or throw them away when they got soft!”

“Ellen added, we would make up stories about being abducted by a gang of black guys and they would use us for sex slaves, while working our kitties.”

“Yeah, even back then we the thought, long, hard, dark and big around!”

“Who doesn’t, Diana laughed, but I haven’t had that pleasure yet, so I may just have to join Ellen in experiencing the pleasures of dark meat!”

“Oh, you should definitely, you won’t be disappointed I assure you.” “And as the saying goes, size doesn’t matter, but bigger is better!” More laughter.

On Saturday night Diana kissed John at home and said, “don’t wait up because I won’t be home, I’m spending the night with Ellen and Reba at Reba’s, because it’s close to the club and we may be too drunk to drive.” “Ok?”

“Got it!”

“Good, love you!”

“Love you too!” “Have fun, but please be careful!”

“I will, bye,” she said on the way out the door. Diana was wearing a very short black leather skirt that had a zipper up the front that went 2/3’s of the way to the top of the skirt that made it even more sexy when opened, as it was tonight! Over the skirt she wore a sheer white blouse with a lacy red bra and matching red garter belt and black and red stockings. She had ordered several pair of G-string panties recently to tease the guys at work while still being able to say she was wearing panties. She took some new ones she hadn’t worn for Ellen to try if she wanted to.

“I love them, Ellen squealed! the front is covered but the butt is exposed. But I’m afraid my butt isn’t as firm as yours, maybe I better pass for now.”

“What, no way, these guys are horny and they aren’t going to be judging the firmness of our butts and if they do, well then, they aren’t getting any!”

“Ok, you talked me into it!” Ellen exclaimed jumping up and down like a teenager getting ready for a date. She was standing in her bedroom naked and Diana could see she had spent the afternoon getting ready. Her hair looked amazing and she had trimmed her pubic hair into a heart shape on top and trimmed the lower portion short.

She pulled on a red G-string and red fishnet stockings. Then a short black pleated mini skirt that was really sexy and showed off her legs and butt well. Over it she two wore a sheer white blouse and white lacy bra that, like Diana’s, let her boobs bounce. She topped it off with red heels.

“Wow, you look amazing Ellen, Diana remarked; the guys are going to go crazy over you.” “How many do you think you want the first time out?”

““I don’t know, more than two, because we have done that with our husbands; what do you think?”

“Well, each of us is different, but I think I would limit it to four or five if they are all going to fuck you, especially if you’re giving up ass tonight.” “At least for me, too much ass fucking, especially with big cocked men makes it hard to sit for a day or two.” “But even three can be fun if they are good at what they do and then when you are more comfortable with doing multiple men you can increase the number.”

“OK, sounds reasonable.” “How about you, how many are you looking to do tonight, Ellen asked?”

“Tonight, is all about you!” “I’ll take whatever you don’t want or can’t handle.” “But I don’t want to go hog wild again and do 10 or 12 or John will pull my hall pass and lock me in my room.”

“We don’t want that Ellen said laughing.”

“Oh, HELL NO!” Diana laughed too.”

They arrived at the club a little early and got acquainted with the rest of the staff; Bob, who was about 6’4” and 225 of solid muscle and Joe, who was even a little taller, broader and black, the bouncers; Sally one of the fulltime waitresses and Stella the owner of the club. The guys started arriving around 7:30 and they were typical young men full of themselves and looking to party. At least they were all clean-cut guys and didn’t appear to be perverts or nut bags.

Around 8pm the guy MC’ing the show took to the floor and introduced the man of the hour and everyone yelled and carried on. Then they had dinner and the MC told some stupid stories about the groom to be. As dinner was wrapping up the guys in the audience got a chance to tell an embarrassing story or something funny about the groom and then it was time for the strippers but the girls had not shown up yet.

Stella came out and called the crew together for a huddle. “We have a problem folks the girls who were scheduled to strip tonight were in a car accident on their way here and aren’t going to make it and I can’t find any replacements.” “So, when I tell these guys that they are going to be majorly pissed!”

“Oh shit, said Sally, does this mean what I think it does?”

“Afraid so, honey, said Stella, you know I would do it in a heartbeat but they don’t want to see this old train wreck without clothes and although we all appreciate Bob and Jose naked, they won’t, so it falls to you ladies if you are willing to take the challenge?”

Sally said, “OK, but this really screws up my plans for tonight.”

“Thank you, I won’t forget this.” “What about you ladies, Stella asked?”

“I don’t know, I don’t mind getting naked for them but I don’t dance all that well Diana said.”

“Ellen agreed with Diana.”

“Well, you both look beautiful and you’re both dressed for it, and considering your plan is to get laid, I can’t think of a better way to achieve that then to show a little T and A on stage.”

“What the hell, a new adventure Diana said.” “OK, what do I do?”

Stella looked at Ellen and she nodded ok. “Good Bob will escort you back stage so you can pee and pick your music for your portion of the show.” “I’ll cover the bar; just follow Reba and Sally’s lead and you will do fine.”

The girls met Reba and Sally back stage and Sally was ratting her hair to give it some body and Reba was changing into a skimpy outfit she had in her locker.

“I take it this has happen before Ellen asked.”

“Oh yeah, not often because strippers need the money as much as we do, but it happens, so this isn’t our first stage appearance.” “Don’t worry, it’s not hard and no one out there cares whether you can dance or not as long as you take off your clothes.”

“Good Diana said, I’m not much of a dancer and I have never danced like this!”

“It’s not all that hard, believe me, I danced my way through under graduate studies, Sally said, just move around and let their cat calls and yelling lead you to what they like and take your clothes off slowly, that way we keep them interested longer and heighten their anticipation.” “And above all, DO NOT THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU ARE DOING!” “Just pick out a cute guy or two and stare at them when you are down to the last couple of pieces of clothing.” “I like to think that I’m going to fuck the cute guy afterward and that makes it seem cool, not dirty or raunchy.”

“You usually do fuck the cute guy Reba laughed.”

“Well yeah, that’s why I like to think I am going to fuck the cute guy just before I take the last bit off.” “For me, thinking about it makes me horny, if I am horny, I want to fuck, and you should undress to do that!” Sally laughed and so did the other girls.

“If it’s that easy how come you looked so disappointed when we were told the strippers were not coming, Ellen asked?”

“Oh, I’m working on my masters in economics and I hopped to get home early tonight so I could work on my report that is due on Monday. But now there is a good chance I’ll get home late, covered in cum and hungover in the morning! But a little richer and not horny! Everyone laughed at the visual.

“Yeah, that was kinda my hope for tomorrow too Ellen said.”

“Well then you came on the right night, we’ll be lucky if we can walk by the time that horny crowd is done with us.” “Help yourselves to any of the clothes or props we keep them here just for nights like this.” “I better get out there and warm them up a little.”

“Reba, have you ever done this before Ellen asked?”

“Yeah, a few times but not too much, normally Sally and the other waitress do this but she isn’t here tonight and we are using temps.” “But don’t worry, the guys are more interested in seeing you naked and maybe getting a BJ or laid than in grading your dancing skills.” “Just keep moving and slowly remove clothing items.”

“Oh, and we usually rotate so like Sally will warm them up, then I’ll go on, then each of you for a few minutes and then we’ll rotate again until we are all naked and on stage together and they are panting and hard as rocks.” “Then, if you want, we can go down in the crowd and engage in a little fun or invite some of them up on stage.” “If you’re an exhibitionist and aren’t all women, there is no bigger thrill than fucking on stage with an audience!”

“We won’t get in trouble doing that with everyone here Diana asked?”

“No, we are a private club and not open to the public.” “We cater a swing club here every mouth and do other sex parties.” “Anyway, sounds like the guys are happy with Sally so I better get out there and shake it.”

“How do we get into these things Diana asked as she looked at the stuff to put on?”

“Beats me, but if we survive the dancing, I guess we’re sure to get laid.”

“Yeah, there is that.” “You know, we look really hot like we are and judging by the number of times a guy has run his hand up my leg tonight they like what we are wearing.” “What say we go out as a team and just dance in these?”

“Ok, Ellen nodded her head, I think I would be less afraid of that than putting on one of these costumes.”

“The girls made their way to the side of the curtain where Sally was trying to catch her breath. She turned to look at them with a quizzical look.”

“We are going to dance in this if that’s ok?”

“She smiled and said sure, good idea, you two look hot, now remember don’t throw anything into the crowd because you won’t get it back and you don’t want to go home naked!”

“Got it.”

“They watched Reba work the floor and then she worked her way back and it was Show Time for the girls.”


Chapter 2 - Show Time

Diana held Ellen’s hand and they bravely ran onto stage and stood side by side and began with the same moves they had just worked out a few minutes ago. The guys went wild!

“Now for your entertainment we have two more hot ladies, give a big warm welcome to your two waitresses, Diana and Ellen,” Stella yelled into the mic when she introduced them. “Now remember boys, none of tonight’s entertainment are regular dancers so be kind.” “Also, if you want to see skin you are going to have to yell, clap and tip a lot!”

Diana and Ellen were relieved the guys didn’t boo them off the stage and they were really excited when they came back stage to get a drink and catch their breath. “Wow, that was interesting Diana said breathless.”

“Yes, and a lot of FUN!” Ellen added. They watched the other two girls and worked on another opening move and then they were back out on the floor loving the catcalls and squatting down with their legs wide open to accept tips from the guys and then wiggling and gyrating back up on their feet only to repeat it again. Then it was back stage for another quick shot and a big drink of water and back out again.

Diana was up front just after Ellen had finished her moves by removing her blouse and Diana was teasing the guys asking if they wanted her to remove hers too. After she did, she looked down and saw a really cute guy trying to tip her and she squatted down in front of him and when he tried to hand her the tip, she shook her head and asked for his beer. He handed it to her and she immediately took the longneck bottle and licked the frost and water from it then took it and slowly inserted it in her mouth like a cock and went down on it. The guys went crazy calling “blow the bottle” and she stood up and took a big drink, swallowed the cool liquid and then poured the rest over first one breast then the other. Her nipples were already on high beam but the cold beer made them stand up all the more. She gave the boys a little more bouncing boob show and then moved back with Ellen and they retreated off stage.

“That was awesome,” Reba said when they returned, “you are naturals at this.”

The show continued with each girl upping the ante by removing another piece of clothing and becoming more risqué with each outing until they were down to nothing but panties, which for Diana and Ellen were G-strings.

Diana turned her back to the guys and bent over and looked between her legs smiling at the guys and letting the string become lodged in her ample crack. When she stood up, she pulled up on the front of the panty thereby pulling the string portion to part her big, beautiful pussy lips, which were majorly puffy right now. She danced towards the front of the stage giving the boys a really good view of what she had to offer and they were very pleased! When she got to the front of the stage she squatted down and allowed the guys to put money in her panties and when the top of the string was full, she asked, “where’s the groom?”

Everyone pointed at the cute kid that was just behind the horny guys.

She then pulled on the string exposing her pussy and said, “nothing smaller than a $5 but he has to place it under the string.” “If it’s a $20 then he gets to use his teeth to pull open the string.”

Twenties suddenly appeared from everywhere and the soon to be groom leaned over the stage and gently took her string in his teeth and pulled it back and put a $20 in and let it go – pop! “Ouch!” Diana said not really meaning it. He put another and another until there was over a $100 in there. The guys were yelling for him to lick it. He looked up at Diana with an expression that just begged to lick it.

She smiled back at him smiled and shook her head yes!”

His smile increased ten times as he went down and licked her swollen pussy lips several times. It was like an electrical shock going through her groin and she allowed her face to show the guys in the audience how great it felt!

The guys went crazy and Diana closed her legs and got up and waved to the crowd as she went back stage.

Sally was back stage pouring shots for everyone while Stella worked the crowd into an even greater frenzy by suggesting they may be in for a really rare and sweet treat tonight if they were good tippers and had wet tongues and hard cocks!

“Ok ladies, drink up, I think it is about to get really crazy.” Clearly this crowd is up for a fucking and that is what you ladies said you came for, so here’s to waking up with a hangover and covered in fresh cum!”

They all did a couple of shots and then one by one they each ran out on stage and Stella introduced them individually.

“Gentlemen I give you Dirty Ellen, Nasty Diana, Home Wrecker Reba and Ride Sally Ride!” “Ladies if you please show the gentlemen what they have been waiting for!” With that the girls all turned around and bent over and then removed their panties. When they had them off, they turned back around and slingshot them into the crowd and Stella announced that whoever caught them could go up on stage along with the groom to be and his best men!”

Six guys came up on stage and the girls began dancing with them, rubbing up against them and groping their packages. Sally and Reba took the lead and each undressed one or two guys and then Diana and Ellen knew what to do and began doing the same. When they had those guys undressed, they started on the others until everyone on stage was naked and the guys left in the crowd were screaming for the girls to suck them.

Stella called out over the mic for the guys to line up in row. They did sort of drunkenly but close enough and then she told the groom to step forward. He was the guest of honor and would get a BJ by all four ladies but only one would get the prize and the guys could bet on which one.

The groom to be was standing closest to Ellen so she went to her knees and singled him forward. She looked at his hard cock and then placed her mouth over it and looking up at him went all the way down it. He wasn’t real big so going to the base wasn’t any great accomplishment but the guys were impressed nonetheless and huge roar went up. Ellen continued sucking him until Stella called switch and then it was on to Diana, who loved sucking cock and really worked his over. Then on to Reba and lastly to Sally and then back to Ellen. She had only sucked him up and down once or twice when he moaned loudly and took her head in his hands and began face fucking her. Ellen knew what that meant and was tickled to receive the prize they had all wanted – the grooms last free man cum!

She held his ass in both hands like he would try to get away and let him pump his sperm down her throat swallowing every drop of it. The crowd roared and the groom to be stepped back and looked like he was about to fall down.

“Someone please help him off the stage,” Stella laughed into the mic. Guys helped him off stage and the girls got down to business with the other guys on stage. The guy directly in front of Diana had a nice but average cock, which when you are faced with as many cocks as the girls were tonight was a good thing! The guy didn’t last long and quickly filled her mouth with his sticky, goo. Her first of the night! She blew a few more and then asked if anyone else’s knees were getting sore?

Oh yeah, came from all the girls. Time for a switch Diana told the next guy or we aren’t going to last. Ask the guys down below to pass up some chairs. The guys did and the girls all sat down and went back to sucking. The guys liked this because they could now play with their tits and all four girls had great boobs. Finally, Diana was presented with something much more than average!

“Whoa there, big boy, where did you come from?”

The guy smiled at her. “Texas, he said, and a lot of ladies have that reaction when they see what it the first time.”

“Just how much cock do you have?” Diana inquired, knowing that guys pretend not to know but have been measuring it since puberty, just like girls measure the boobs.

“Just over eight inches, he replied, think you can handle it?”

“Oh yeah, I can handle it,” she said remembering the guys on the boat. She loved that it was not only long but thick as well and his balls were massive. She began by sucking and nipping on his balls while looking up at him before moving to his big, mushroom cock head. She loved the way it was turning purple with desire for her mouth and the ridge line around the head was super thick. Once she had his cock rock-hard she could see that he had a really big cock! She worked the head like the expert she was and then worked her way down his magnificent cock until the head was at the entrance to her throat and then she slowly lowered her head a little more until the head was firmly in her throat!

“OH, FUCK he groaned loudly!”

“UNHHHHH,” Diana moaned herself knowing the vibration would enhance his pleasure and he damn near jammed his big fucking cock all the way down her throat! She felt another inch slip into her throat and although she was quite sure he loved the feeling she found it hard to breathe and his cock head had swelled even more and it was cutting off her air! She gripped his hips with her hands and gently pulled him back while raising her head and felt the rib of his mushroom headed cock pop past the entrance to her throat!

Wow, that was as deep as she could remember anyone going, except maybe when she was totally drunk and half numb. She came up off this wonderful cock to catch her breath and see what all the cheering was about and she saw that everyone was watching her. Ellen smiled knowing how good Diana was at cock sucking form watching her work Don, Ellen’s husband and a few others.

Reba looked at Sally and mouthed the words, “who da champ” and Reba started to chant, “who da champ Cock Sucker?” “Who’s the champion Cock Sucker, who da the champ Cock Sucker!” “GIVE US SOME COCKS SO WE CAN SEE WHO THE BEST IS!”

Ellen had an equally big cock, in fact perhaps a little thicker than Diana’s and the other girls and all of the guys were chanting, “SUCK THAT FAT COCK, SUCK THAT FAT COCK, MAKE THAT BIG FAT COCK CUM!”

Diana smiled knowing that this was just the sort of thing Ellen had hoped for. Good ol nasty fucking and sucking! Diana watched Ellen work her magic on his magic wand and was impressed. She turned back to her guy and said, “you ready to cum in my mouth?”

“No, I want to fuck you!” He looked down at her with a big lopsided grin that fit him to a tee.

She smiled back at him, “OK, we can do that.”

She got up and turned around and spread her legs wide so he could take her from the rear. He moved into position and rubbed his cock head up and down her slit to moisten it more and then put just the head in. She waited a second but he didn’t move so she pushed steadily back on his cock until it was balls deep in her cunt, moaning “AAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGG” at the end. “Oh, FUCK, I NEEDED THIS,” she said to no one in particular. She began rocking back and forth and up and down on his massive fuck stick, treating it like a dildo.

He slowly increased his motion until they were slam fucking and she was moaning and groaning and yelling fuck and he was sweating and grunting like a wild animal. His big cum filled balls had at first been slapping the front of her pussy causing a delightful sensation in her clit but now they had swelled and tighten so she knew he was getting closer to cumming but she couldn’t worry about that because she could feel her own orgasm building and she just let herself go and fell into that space between reality and orgasmic bliss! “OF FUCK I’M CUMMINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG,” she screamed out loud and the crowd roared its approval. She was in the throes of her orgasm when she felt the powerful blast of his ejaculation erupt deep in her cunt! “OH GOD YES!” “CUM IN ME BABY, CUM IN ME!” She wailed. “OH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUCKKKKKKKK!”

And the young man didn’t disappoint, she wanted her pussy full of cum and he delivered! He shot rope after rope of hot, sticky man cum deeper into her cunt than most men she had ever been with! After the last shot he continued to fuck in and out of her milking the last of his cum into her. When he pulled out he surprised her by moving around to the front.

“Suck my messy fuck, bitch!”

Well that was rude but what the hell, she would be happy to clean him off. She no sooner had his cock in her mouth and was beginning to suck it when she felt another cock invade her cunt from the rear! And it felt incredible to take back-to-back cocks!

At one point when Diana needed a break she sat down on the chair and asked for something to drink. One of the guys gave her a beer and she down it, she was so thirsty. Another guy handed her another and she drink about half of that one and then a shot and finished off the beer. About this time guys began dragging the mats for the back out onto the stage Everyone could get comfortable!

Ok, lets get this line moving boys, she said smiling at the guys as she laid down on the mat and held her arms up, come on guys, let’s get this gangbang on!!!
 
