Shown Off
bysarah_shriner©

The slut gets more eyes on her nude body.

Chapter 12: Family dinner and a movie

Both Josh and I ate dinner awkwardly as my parents pestered him with questions. I'd finally worked up the nerve to tell them that I'd been dating a boy.

My very religious parents were of course resistant but surprisingly, they seemed to understand that they couldn't really dictate my life anymore.

So I pretended Josh had asked me out for the first time and they insisted he come over for dinner to meet them.

Much to my relief, Josh was charming as ever. I could tell my mom really liked him. After grilling him a bit more, they seemed to relax.

Once dinner was over, we were about to head out for the movie when my dad pulled Josh aside and started talking to him privately. I nervously waited with my mom until they returned.

As we walked to Josh's truck holding hands, I asked him what that was about.

"Your dad just said that I better keep my hands to myself and to bring you back home at 10 pm sharp. Or he'll be getting his shotgun out."

I cringed from my dad's embarrassing behavior.

"I just told him he was too late and that his daughter has been swallowing my cock from both ends for a while now." Josh must have felt my hand tense up when he laughed.

"I'm just joking babe!" He chuckled at his own joke.

"That's not funny Josh!"

I had a sudden urge to kiss his goofy face right there but I knew my parents were watching from the living room window. He looked really handsome in his church clothes and I loved that he tried his best to impress my parents.

We got into the truck and headed to the drive-in movie theater. The ticket attendant used his flashlight to shine on our faces to make sure it was just the two of us. He handed the speaker to us through Josh's window.

"Enjoy the movie kids!" He said as he waved us in.

The drive-in was packed. The movie was supposed to be great but I wouldn't know since we spent most of it making out in the back. I loved french kissing Josh. His lips were so soft.

Once the movie ended, we went back to the front seats. I was still under such a high from the kissing that Josh's voice sounded distant.

"Strip."

That definitely brought me back to earth. I looked over at Josh. He had a serious look on his face. He meant it.

I swallowed and slowly took my dress off from over my head. I sat there bottomless and with my bra on.

"Everything." His voice was raspy and low.

I took my bra off with trembling hands. He leaned over and kissed me as his hands roamed over my body. I gasped as he tugged on breasts by pulling my already hard nipples. I watched him play with my chest as my eyes kept darting outside, hoping no one was looking. He was enraptured by my young breasts as he fondled them like toys.

He stopped abruptly and started the truck.

"Hands behind your head." The deep tenor of his voice was hard to disobey.

We drove towards the exit, joining the queue of cars leaving. The same man was collecting the speakers at the booth.

"Whatever happens, keep your hands there and keep looking straight." I barely managed a whimper in acknowledgement. I was terrified.

The truck slowed to a halt at the exit.

"Hope you enjoyed the movie kids." The man was not even looking at us as he held out his hand towards the truck window.

"We did sir," Josh replied cheerfully as though he was oblivious to his naked girlfriend next to him.

"Now I just need those speakers...."

The man suddenly stopped speaking. He must've seen me. I heard him clear his throat as he clicked his flashlight on.

I was momentarily blinded as the light shone on my face. I almost screamed from being startled. I was really wound up with nerves.

The light travelled from my face slowly to my heaving breasts. I heard the man click approvingly.

The light then started going lower and lower before it stopped on my bare pubic mound. I squeezed my legs tighter as if it would protect my non-existent modesty.

Josh slowly pushed his hand between my legs and grabbed my right thigh. I saw his face get overtaken with lust. He used his strong grip to gently pry my legs wide open.

The light that was previously hovering my belly button darted down. My glistening pussy lips were now under a spotlight. I turned red as I stared ahead, trying to will time to go faster. It felt like an eternity as I felt four eyes focused on my slit, which was betraying me by getting flush with excitement.

After a too long 10 seconds filled with awkward silence, the flashlight clicked off.

"You kids have a good night now!" The ticket attendant winked at Josh.

The truck peeled onto the road. Josh had the cheesiest grin on his face.

"That was fucking wild babe! You made that guy's night I bet."

He reached over and plunged two fingers into me.

"Sopping wet," he laughed. He was right, my pussy was already leaking. What had I become?

"Keep your hands where they are," he ordered when he saw me lowering my arms. I promptly put them behind my head again. He had a bizarre power over me.

He toyed with my pussy the whole way home as my naked breasts jiggled with every bump on the road. Several cars drove past. Josh laughed and commented how my pussy tightened up as each one drove by.

We finally made it to my street. I reached for my bra when Josh stopped me.

"Not so fast baby.."

He took my dress and bra and stepped out of the truck. He came over to my side and opened the door.

"Here you go my lady." He held out his hand to help me out.

It was like a prince helping his princess out of a carriage. Except my pussy was dripping and I was nude save for my three inch heels.

This was insanity. This was preposterous. This was...something I knew I didn't have a choice in.

I got out nimbly. I nervously looked across the street at my neighbor's house. Their lights were on.

Josh took my hand and led me towards my house. My clothes were tucked under his other arm as we walked in silence. The light outside my front door was on. My mom probably left it on for me.

Josh pretended to ring the bell which caused me to almost yell out in fear. That seemed to amuse him a lot.

He suddenly hugged me close, pressing my entire naked body against his clothed one. He reached down and squeezed my ass cheeks.

"Josh, please, give me my dress...," I pleaded desperately.

"Only after my good night kiss baby."

I sighed exasperatedly. I pursed my lips and leaned forward hurriedly only to be stopped by Josh.

"Not that kind of kiss silly," Josh chuckled.

My eyes bugged wildly as he pushed me down. Because of my heels I had to squat in an obscenely whore-like position. My legs were spread wide, exposing my pussy completely.

He pulled his zipper down and struggled to pull his rock hard cock and balls out. It always looked threateningly big in this angle.

"Ok, ready for my goodnight kiss now!" He whispered almost too loudly.

I knew my only way to safety was to end this as quickly as possible. I lunged forward and took his cock as deep as I could. He moaned gently.

"God damn, you are so hungry for cock I fucking love it."

I used every trick I'd learnt in the past few months. I got his cock sloppy and wet. I tried to take it deeper and deeper each time. I bobbed on his cock like I was desperate for it. Like those sluts in the porn tape we watched together. I even licked and sucked his balls while looking up at him, just like he taught me.

"Oh fuck baby. That's it. Show everyone what you can do. Show all your neighbors how much you love sucking cock. Show them how good you are at making me cum. Come on baby. Show them why you're the best girlfriend in the world."

His dirty talk was getting to me. I involuntarily reached down between my spread legs and started playing with my pussy. I started sucking him nastier than before. His cock head was breaching past my tonsils repeatedly.

"Oh fuck.." he whispered appreciatively.

I felt Josh gather up my hair in his hand. I held on to his muscular thighs and braced myself.

I wonder if any of my neighbors saw me that night. If they had, they would've been truly shocked. The girl they'd seen grow up, shy and demure, with overly strict parents. A girl who had always been impossibly polite.

That same girl was nude and fingering her pussy like a slut in heat, all while getting face fucked by her hung, athletic boyfriend. That too out in the open.

How surprised would they have been to see that same girl having her throat pounded like it was a pussy. They would've never guessed I'd turn out like this. Hell, I didn't expect to become this way.

Josh shoved all the way in, his trimmed pubes were touching my nose. I held on tight, desperately trying to ignore my gag reflex. He moaned much too loudly for comfort.

That's when I felt his thick cock pulsating. I felt hot, thick cum being shot straight down my throat into my stomach. It was one of his larger loads.

He was covering his mouth to be quiet as he came. He slowly pulled out the cock lodged in my throat. There was a flicker of pride inside me for being able to satiate that demanding penis.

I got up and started putting on the bra and dress Josh handed me. Once I was done, Josh used his shirt to clean up my face. He was so gentle now.

Once it wasn't obvious that I'd been recently choking on cock, Josh kissed me deep. His tongue danced with mine.

"That was the actual goodnight kiss."

I melted into a puddle. I watched Josh ring the bell for real this time. My father answered.

"Hi Mr. Myers, I got her home exactly at 10, just as I promised!"

"Good lad Josh. I appreciate that. The movie was good I hope?"

"Oh it was amazing," came the cheeky reply.

I cringed as my father shook the same hand that had been inside my pussy.

"Good night Susan."

"Good night Josh."

We spoke with a formality to ensure my father didn't suspect how intimate we'd actually gotten.

He gave me a wink as my father turned to go back inside. I have no idea how he was so confident and fearless. But it turned me on extremely. I ran upstairs, took off my dress once more and fingered my horny pussy until I made a damn mess.


Chapter 13: Advice from wiser men

I was tanning myself regularly at Josh's place now. I would go twice a week to maintain the light golden hue he adored. And I was doing it nude like he wanted me too.

Fortunately, Josh's mom worked the afternoon shift and was never home or she'd have told my parents immediately. Unfortunately, Josh's stepfather Mr. Daniels was always around. He understood though and kept my presence secret.

But he had no qualms ogling my body in the skimpy bikini. And he was always there waiting for me as I either left or entered the house.

I would grimace as he'd say "looking good Susan!"

I'd complained about it to Josh once. I told him how the bikini was too revealing to wear around other people.

"Come on Susan. He's seen you cum on my fingers with your legs spread wide open. You really think he cares about seeing you in a swimsuit?"

I turned bright red from embarrassment when Josh had said that. I remembered that day. I couldn't even get out my retort about him calling glorified lingerie a swimsuit.

"You have a beautiful fucking body babe. Of course guys are going to look. We can't help it. Especially when it's someone as gorgeous as you." His flattery somewhat placated me. But deep inside, I knew I didn't really have any say in the matter.

On that particular afternoon, I had just reached Josh's place and changed into the bikini. Josh got called down and came back with an annoyed look on his face.

"Mom forgot her purse. I need to get it to her. Wait for me ok?"

He gave me a peck on the lips and left. That was an hour drive each way so he'd be gone a while.

I resolved to get the tan over with and headed out back. I must've turned white as a sheet as I saw Mr. Daniels and the same two friends from last time having beers on the patio.

They erupted in cheers as they saw me. I wanted to run back inside but I didn't want to embarrass myself further. So I decided to pretend like it didn't bother me and walked past them briskly.

I went to the very back of the yard, hid myself properly behind a tree and proceeded to tan myself nude as usual.

Once I was done, I got dressed, wrapped my towel around myself, and tried to scurry past the men back into the house. Unfortunately, Mr. Daniels chose that moment to start a conversation.

"Where are you running off to, young lady?"

I wanted to ignore him but the manners indoctrinated in me prevented me from doing so.

"Just looking to rinse off inside and wait for Josh, Mr Daniels." The impatient tone in my voice was blatant.

"Wait for his cock you mean", one of the men retorted crudely, causing all three of them to laugh.

I was beyond embarrassed. I wanted to run inside but Mr. Daniels piped up again.

"Why don't you make our day and grace us with your company for a while Susan?"

He pulled a fourth chair over and patted it expectantly. I looked around nervously, wishing Josh was here to save me.

"Come on, we don't bite." But judging from the looks on their faces, I was not too sure about that.

I didn't want to be rude, so I sat down and covered myself with the towel as best I could. I felt myself blushing as I saw all three men eyeing me.

"So how's it going with your first boyfriend Susan? I feel like it was only yesterday that we were seeing you ride your bikes around town with your little friends."

"It's going good Mr Daniels, Josh is really sweet"

"I bet he is. He's always raving about what an amazing girlfriend you are "

My stomach fluttered knowing Josh was saying such nice things about me. I smiled without realizing it.

"Oh yeah, he says you've become an expert at making him cum. I still can't believe a girl who looks as innocent as you has done even half the stuff he's told me."

My smile instantly vanished.

"He tells you about what we do?" I asked in disbelief.

"Of course! My son, like all other growing boys, sought advice from his father."

The other men smirked and nodded in agreement. I was naive enough to be satisfied by that explanation.

"Although...Josh has mentioned a few things that maybe I should tell you. You know, so you can be a better girlfriend."

That certainly got my interest. I leaned in and spoke in a whisper.

"What did he say?"

"Now now Dave, it seems very unfair that she get this invaluable information for free," one of Mr. Daniel's friends quipped.

"Oh yes, very true. What do we think Miss Susan should pay us with boys?"

"I think she should lose the towel so we have a reason to stick around and help her with her boy troubles."

"Oh yes! That would do the trick."

I opened my mouth in protest only to be cut-off.

"Unless of course, you don't want to know what your boyfriend had to say..."

I shut up immediately. My foolish curiosity had gotten the better of me. I hung my head and slowly pulled the towel off me. One of the men all too eagerly snatched it away, as though they were afraid I would change my mind.

"Fuck me look at that beautiful body."

"Perfect jugs. That bikini sure makes them pop."

"Yea, the nips poke right through."

"I can't believe Brian Meyers has been hiding that at home."

"Clearly not hiding her well enough."

The men laughed at their vulgar jokes as I sat blushing head to toe. I cleared my throat gently.

'Umm...Mr Daniels, about what Josh said?"

"Oh yes my dear girl. Don't be too worried. You've been doing marvelously so far. Your holes have made Josh very happy. Not many boys can say they have lost their virginity without wearing a condom."

"They've been rawdogging it this whole time? That boy is a lucky bastard."

"Oh yes, that pussy has been taking load after load. She's been swallowing too. Just like a good girlfriend should."

My blush refused to subside as the three men discussed my sex life.

"Brian has been so annoying with his church bullshit. But his own little girl has become the perfect little sex kitten."

My ears pricked slightly as they mentioned my father.

"Much more than a sex kitten. She's been deepthroating and letting that little hole between her legs get totally beat up. I've heard the pounding all the way downstairs. Her pussy is being put through the ringer. And that's not even to mention the thick dildo she's been riding regularly. She's learnt to fuck like a total pro."

"You know about the dildo?" I asked in shock.

"Who do you think got it for Josh?"

I was stunned. This was incredibly humiliating. Mr. Daniels was privy to the most intimate of details.

"But it's not wrong Susan. In fact, you are doing something incredible. As Josh's first girlfriend, it's your duty to help him mature healthily."

"How so?" I inquired with curiosity.

"Well, Josh is at an age where holding his cum inside can be dangerous. As his girlfriend, you need to help him release it so he doesn't get sick. You're basically saving his life."

A sense of pride swelled in me while the men chuckled at my ignorance.

"You're even teaching him to fuck like a man. It's your responsibility to let him use your cunt for practise."

"That's good I suppose...,' I quietly replied.

"That's more than good. That's amazing. As soon as Josh pops a boner, you should always make your mouth or cunt available to him. Slobber on that cock and keep him drained."

I nodded shyly.

"Ok..but what else did Josh say?"

I needed to know what I had to improve on.

"Well, I don't know how to say it without getting Josh in trouble with you." Mr. Daniels winked at me slyly.

"No I promise I won't tell him you told me."

"So it'll be our secret?"

"Yes, definitely."

"Well, he thinks you're still too shy. I think he is getting frustrated that you resist so often."

"Really? He said that?"

"Yes he did. And you know what? I actually agree with him. What do you have to be embarrassed for? You are stunningly gorgeous. and you have a body that's just amazing. If your boyfriend wants to show you off, you should totally let him."

"I suppose I could try harder to be more comfortable with it."

"That's the spirit! If your boyfriend enjoys showing off his sexy girlfriend, who are you to say no?"

The other men murmured in agreement.

"You just need to practice."

I nodded silently.

"In fact, why don't we try now?" The grin on Mr.Daniel's face was growing wide.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you're sitting here with your tits practically hanging out in front of three guys. Why don't you just lose the top completely? It's not like we have seen it all already."

I felt my face turning red again. The words stung. Everything about the situation felt wrong. But it appeared that my upbringing and my recent experiences with Josh had left me increasingly compliant.

When they didn't see me disagree, one of the men casually reached behind me and undid my top.

The scraps of fabric fell onto my lap. I felt three pairs of eyes zero in on my heaving chest. I instinctively wanted to cover myself up. but I knew that would defeat the purpose of this exercise.

"Jesus Christ! look at those perfect tits. Makes you just want to motorboat them all day."

"Pink perfect nips too. Just right for sucking."

"That's it Susan. Be proud of your body. There's nothing to be ashamed of. Breasts like that need to be on display at all times."

I was dying inside. I don't know what possessed me to agree to this. I was just about to run back into the house when Mr. Daniels interjected again.

"And now the bottoms." My eyes grew as wide as saucers. Surely he wasn't suggesting what I thought he was.

But before I knew what was happening, Mr. Daniels had reached forward, hooked either side of my bottoms with his fingers and swiftly yanked them down.

I immediately covered up my pussy with my hands as the men started hollering and cheering with perverted glee.

"Now now Susan. remember what we talked about. Don't you want to make Josh happy? We are older and more experienced. We know what we're doing. We need to get you used to this."

I was so sheltered and naive that I fell for the flimsy story. I took a deep breath, closed my eyes and slowly moved my hands to the arm rests of the chair. I felt hands on either knee gently pry my legs open.

This unleashed a new wave of vulgar comments towards me.

"Fuck me look at that shaved pussy."

"You sure it's been getting fucked? Looks brand new."

"That tiny thing has been swallowing cock everyday? That's amazing."

I heard the men pull in their chairs closer to me. My eyes were still squeezed shut as I repeated to myself that I was doing this for Josh.

I let them visually molest me for another 5 minutes. They made nastier and nastier comments about me that would make the biggest pervert blush. But I endured it because I was convinced this would help me get over my shyness. Unsurprisingly, it wasn't working.

Eventually the chatter died down. Mr. Daniels cleared his throat.

"Well uh.. look here Susan. You did really really well. Practicing like this will get rid of your shyness in no time. But Josh is going to be here soon. You should probably get your sexy little butt upstairs and get ready for him. He's going to want to drill you out."

I nodded quietly and took my stuff and got up.

"You want to really drive him wild?"

I nodded again.

"Go upstairs to Josh's room, get the dildo. Get on your hands and knees. Ass up, face down with your fuck hole facing the door. When Josh opens the door, it would drive him crazy to see you pounding yourself with a nice thick toy. Show him what a cock loving slut you are. Show him how much you want his meat ramming you. Let him know how much you crave guzzling his cum."

The men laughed at the vivid description while I flinched at the filthy language. But Mr. Daniels obviously knew what guys wanted more than me. Who was I to argue?

"And Susan. This little discussion stays between us. We wouldn't want your boyfriend getting jealous." The men laughed loudly again while I turned beet-red. I went upstairs and got in position as directed. I found myself getting incredibly aroused. After 10 minutes, I heard Josh's footsteps climbing up the stairs.

I immediately started plunging the dildo into me aggressively, just like how Mr. Daniels told me.

I heard the door open. I swayed my hips slightly and started moaning softly. I really wanted to sell it. I didn't want Josh to think I was too shy.

But the door suddenly closed. It didn't take me long to realize that it wasn't Josh. My fears were confirmed as I heard the footsteps continue back out the patio, followed by raucous laughter. I barely registered the humiliation when I heard footsteps coming to the bedroom again.

"Susan?"

I was relieved it was actually Josh this time calling from downstairs. I immediately started fucking myself with the dildo again. I needed to get it right for him.

I heard the door open.

"Oh fuck..."

No pleasantries were exchanged. I heard him practically rip his clothes off. He knelt down behind me and slapped my hands away from the toy. He grabbed it instead and proceeded to absolutely pummel my poor pussy so hard that I almost screamed out.

He abruptly pulled it out and handed it to me.

"Suck it," came the stern order.

I immediately started pleasuring the dildo like it was Josh's own cock. I felt two of his fingers hook into my already open pussy and painfully pull down, gaping me even more.

He spat into my obscenely open hole. It was primal..filthy. One of his hands grabbed my ponytail at the base, while the other held onto my waist firmly.

"I'm going to give your slutty cunt just what you want," he growled sexily.

Even though I was bracing for it, his sudden plunge into me knocked my breath out anyway. He immediately started thrusting into my well lubricated pussy, making me feel the entire length of his cock on every stroke.

I noticed his window was open. I'm sure the men sitting directly underneath it were thrilled to hear the vulgar sounds of sex coming out the bedroom. But I didn't care. I was barely coherent from the fucking that Josh was giving me.

He ravished me that afternoon, although I expected nothing else. In hindsight I was definitely tricked by the older men but they were right about one thing. Availing myself as Josh's personal whore definitely thrilled him like no other.


Chapter 14: An end to the tale

I quietly closed my bedroom window behind me in the dead of night. I was sneaking out again, something I'd gotten very good at. It was going to be one of our last small town trysts before Josh and I left for college 4 hours away.

I tiptoed across the lawn, using the shadows cast by my house to hide myself. Josh's truck was parked at the end of our street as usual. I hurried over to the driver's side door as my chest thumped wildly. Then, without any prompting, I immediately removed my clothes and handed them to Josh who had a heart fluttering smile on his face. He had certainly trained me well.

I was taken aback when he gripped the back of my neck and gave me a long passionate kiss through the door window. My nipples instantly hardened in the night air.

While I was still cognizant of the fact that I was butt naked in the street, I tried to focus on the kiss and let my inhibitions go. I'd come a long way from where I was before. Although I'm sure Josh would've said not far enough.

When he finally broke the kiss, I ran over to the passenger side and got in the truck. His hand immediately found its way to my pussy, eliciting a moan from me. I was surprised when he handed me a blindfold. This was a new development.

"Put it on", he growled in an irresistibly erotic voice.

And like the dutiful girlfriend I was, I did. He started the truck and began driving. Shrouded in total darkness, my heart was racing. His hand never let up on my pussy, getting me incredibly aroused.

After what felt like hours of driving, the truck hit gravel and slowed down. He unbuckled his seatbelt and reached across to kiss me while simultaneously plugging two fingers deep into my hot, slick hole. My eyes rolled into the back of my head with pleasure, although he couldn't have known that with the blindfold on.

"Keep the blindfold on at all times, understand baby?"

I whimpered in acknowledgement as his thick fingers burrowed deeper inside me.

"Tonight, I want you to be the best lay in the world. I want you to show me everything you've learned about how to FUCK."

He plunged his fingers deeper into me to place further emphasis on his last word. I was putty in his hands. I moaned a weak yes.

He got out of the truck and opened the door for me. He guided me down, being careful that I didn't fall due to my blindness. I felt paved ground at my feet. I breathed a sigh of relief. It was likely the same parking lot we frequented regularly.

He pushed me against the truck and groped me like a mad man while remaining dressed himself. The sensations were driving me wild. I felt him press his body against mine as he kissed me with a fury.

His jean-clad bulge pushing into me felt deadly. Before I could touch it, I felt myself being dragged away from the truck. We reached a patch of soft grass, making me realize that this was not the same parking lot.

"Just like we've practiced," he whispered in my ear. I felt him grab the base of my pony tail and lower me. I was forced to squat with my legs splayed open. I felt my wet pussy lips open to the night air and grabbed Josh's muscular thighs in preparation for the oral assault I knew was coming.

But I was determined to show Josh how far I'd come. I unzipped his pants and fished out his cock. I wrapped my lips around his thick member and slowly but surely slowly impaled my mouth on it until I felt my tonsils squeeze his cock head.

Josh moaned loudly into the dark night. Then, I went to work. All my experience of giving countless blowjobs showed that night. I deepthroated him over and over. I kept his cock sloppy with my spit just how he liked. I switched up speeds, I changed up the strength of my mouth's suction, and ran my tongue across his piss slit every so often that always made his knees buckle.

I even kissed and licked his balls like they were the elixir of life. In that moment, they may as well have been. Josh had nothing but praise and pure verbal expressions of pleasure from what I was doing. He didn't even feel compelled to guide the blowjob with his hands like he normally did. Just as I had reached a frenetic pace deepthroating his cock, he pushed himself abruptly away from me.

"Fuck babe. I almost shot my load right down your throat." His ragged breathing was getting me even more aroused.

I composed myself and wiped off my mouth after what had essentially been a cock sucking performance that would have rivaled any porn film. Josh's breathing slowed before he finally let me up. My thighs were on fire from squatting for so long.

He pushed me a few steps backwards until I felt something like a wooden picnic table press into my bare behind. He lifted me up so that I was able to sit with my legs dangling over the table's edge. He got into the table behind me and pulled me back until my head was resting on his chest. He was still dressed but I felt his exposed hard cock pressed between us.

He coaxed my thighs up and out, before finally grabbing my ankles and pulling them back towards my head. He then pulled my legs open obscenely wide. I mentally thanked God for all the cheerleading practice that made me flexible enough to withstand such a whorish position.

"Finger that cunt," he whispered in my ear, sending shivers throughout my body.

I reached down to my spread open pussy. It was engorged with arousal. I started rubbing my pussy opening, immediately feeling shudders of pleasure in my brain.

"I didn't say rub your pussy. I said. Finger. That. Cunt."

I whimpered at his dominant tone. I pushed in two fingers and started the now familiar act of fucking my own hole. A haze filled my head as I rhythmically went in and out.

"Faster."

"Harder."

"Stick a third finger in that slut cunt. I know it can take it."

I felt my opening stretch as I obediently added another digit to it.

"Finger fuck that horny wet hole HARD."

Josh's whispers filled my head and I did my best to obey. It wasn't long before the pleasure became unbearable and I had the first orgasm of the night.

"Aaaargh!" I screamed out as my body convulsed. I pulled my fingers out as my open hole spasmed and gushed from an intense orgasm. Even Josh struggled to keep me spread open with his strong arms.

Once my orgasm subsided, Josh kept holding me wide open. He kissed me deeply as my pussy kept twitching.

"Hold on to your legs just like this, it's my turn now," he snarled into my ear.

I dutifully did as he said and maintained my slut stance. He spat on his right hand crudely and reached down between my legs. He rubbed his spit into my already slippery opening, then plunged two of his masculine thick fingers into me while his left hand started groping my breasts. I moaned loudly without any shame. I was under his spell.

For the next ten minutes, he used and abused my hole like he owned it.

"Say my name is Susan Myers and I love my cunt fingered hard."

I felt embarrassed and whimpered a no.

"Say it."

This time, his request was a command.

"My name is Susan Myers and I love...my cunt fingered hard."

"Louder."

"My name is Susan Myers and I love my cunt fingered hard," I said in a louder tone.

His thick fingers pounded into me with increased tempo. The pleasure in my pussy was reaching a crescendo.

"LOUDER!"

My mind was a scrambled mess. His fingers were dripping with my juices as he completely violated my pussy, treating it like nothing more than a sex toy. He must've sensed the impending event because his fingers pulled out of me viciously as I had my second orgasm of the night and totally lost my inhibitions.

"MY NAME IS SUSAN MYERS AND I LOVE HAVING MY CUNT FINGERED HARD!"

I screamed into the night, completely giving up any semblance of modesty. My gaping pussy gasped and quivered from the pleasure radiating through it.

I was still holding my legs open like an obedient girlfriend. I was in an unknown place and completely blind. And yet Josh had total control over me. What had happened to me?

But before I could process my budding existential crisis, I felt Josh kissing my neck, causing my eyes to roll back. He started growling into my ear as his hands roamed up my body to my breasts.

"Keep your legs open. We put in a lot of work into your cunt. It's been fucked over and over. I've drained my balls into your hot hole so many times it's scary. "

"Look how wet it gets. Look at how much it loves getting touched...fingered...fucked."

I was embarrassed beyond comprehension. But his filthy mouth combined with his tugging of my hard nipples was already building up the pressure inside of me. My pussy wasn't even being touched but it was starting to glisten with anticipation again.

"Now imagine everyone you know standing in front of you. Seeing that cunt. That perfect snatch that just milks my cock like nothing else. Seeing how wet and hot it is."

I whimpered as Josh finally let me put my legs down and slowly pushed me forward and off the table.

He stood up behind me. He gathered my hair into a ponytail again. He pulled my head back until my ear was right next to his mouth.

"Imagine everyone from school watching you right now. What would they think if they saw you like this?"

I started grinding my bare ass into Josh's hard cock pressing into me. At that moment, I was nothing but a whore. Josh chuckled at my display. His grip at the base of my ponytail tightened as he bent me over in half. He kicked my legs open so he had full access to my wet pussy. I bit my lip as I felt his large cockhead barely breach my opening.

"I think you'd like everyone seeing you horned up. Needy for my cock." I whimpered as Josh teased my slit with his cockhead. He was right. I needed him inside me.

"In fact, why don't we show everyone how you can FUCK!"

Before I could understand what was going on, Josh had removed my blindfold while simultaneously spearing me to the hilt with his rock hard cock.

I shrieked with pain and pleasure. I saw stars as my eyes struggled to adjust to the light. My pussy was still spasming at the sudden intrusion when Josh started fucking me with brutal enthusiasm.

As Josh continued pounding me from behind, I started becoming aware of my surroundings. I couldn't recognize the place. What I did know was that Josh and I were completely illuminated by the one street light in the park.

As I squinted into the darkness in front of me, my eyes grew wide as I made out the outline of a car. I looked around wildly and made out another car and a truck that wasn't Josh's. They were all facing us head on from a distance. My heart dropped when I saw the faint orange glow of a lit cigarette held by a hand hanging outside the truck window.

I felt startled and tried to stand up but Josh's vice grip at the base of my hair kept me down. Instead, he grabbed one of my legs and raised it up, never ceasing the vaginal pounding he was inflicting on me. He pulled my head back, making me look straight ahead with my chest exposed. I felt all of my face and body lit up by the literal spotlight above us. Every time he thrust in, my breasts jiggled for the audience watching us.

He was a man possessed. He was intent on showing me off. His girlfriend. His lover. His slut.

And despite this act of filthy exhibition and degradation, my body was on fire with lust. His cock was churning up the pleasure in my pussy for a third climax.

I tried to ignore the anonymous eyes on my body and get into the sex instead. Just as I was able to focus on the relentless pounding, the car in front of us roared to life. I jumped but Josh kept me in my position.

The car's bright headlights were blinding me. And I was mortified when it started inching towards us. The headlights completely shrouded the driver's identity.

"Josh please we need to leave.." I pleaded desperately.

But Josh seemed transfixed on the encroaching car. He had stopped thrusting but he kept me in the same position. My head pulled back. My left leg held straight up and out. His cock lodged balls deep in my pussy.

"Just shut your eyes baby. Please, do this for me. Don't be scared." Knowing I had no other choice, I did just that. I prayed that whoever driving the car did not know who I was.

I heard the car come to a stop. I kept my eyes shut. I could not bear to look. I felt Josh drop my leg and pull himself out of me. I immediately turned around and buried my blushing face in his chest. He was still fully clothed, adding further to my humiliation.

But he grabbed me by my shoulders and turned me around again. He applied pressure onto my back until I found myself bent over the car hood that was apparently only a few inches in front me.

I felt my nipples tingle as they pressed against the warm metal. I put my head on it's side, making my ear flush with the hood. I heard the hum of the recently killed engine.

Josh forced my legs open wide once more and to my embarrassment, I felt that familiar burning of lust stirring inside me again.

I whimpered quietly as I heard car doors open and shut, followed by footsteps crunching over the gravel, heading closer towards us. I kept my eyes squeezed shut.

Then the voices started.

"That's one hot slut you got there kid."

"Is that really the Myers girl holy fuck."

"Did you see how she played with her pussy? She fucking loves it. Sucks cock like a goddamn pro too."

"Brian raised one hot bitch. You think he knows?"

The humiliation was becoming unbearable for me. They knew who I was, although I could not expect anything less from growing up in a small town. I heard three voices but had no idea who they were.

I suddenly felt Josh's cock rubbing up and down my slit. I covered my face with my hand. This was yet another advancement of my corruption. Getting fucked with strangers watching.

"Stick it in her boy. Make her squeal."

This made the men laugh. But Josh was more than happy to oblige the request. He slowly pushed himself into me. I let out an involuntary moan before I could stop myself.

"Fucking hell, it just slid right in. Not her first time, that's for sure."

"No condom too. She must love feeling that bare cock."

More laughter ensued.

"Pound her boy. Make that pussy yours."

They were talking about me like I was a two-bit whore. And I could not even blame them. Josh grunted and grabbed me by the waist. I knew what was coming.

For the next 15 mins, I screamed and moaned through another orgasm. I learned in that moment that there was nothing that made you feel more vulnerable than cumming hard on a cock inside you while strange men cheered you on.

I'd had my fair share of intense fucks with Josh before. But that night, he fully claimed my body as his in front of the men watching. If it weren't for my juices drenching his cock and lubricating, I'm sure we would have started a fire.

"Come on boy. Finish the job."

"Knock the slut up."

"Yea, fill her up."

I felt the familiar tension rising in Josh's grip and braced myself. He roared as he plunged all the way into me and flooded me with his cum. He stayed pressed into me as his cock spasmed over and over inside me. The heat of his seed soothed my sore pussy as I let out a low moan.

The men whooped and hollered in celebration. I heard them slapping his back and congratulating him with "atta boy" proclamations.

I kept my eyes shut. I was overcome with shame. I could bear to see any of their faces.

I stayed in my position, exhausted as Josh slowly pulled himself out of me. The shifting gravel made it clear that the men had now taken position right behind me for a better view. I felt Josh's thick load and my pussy juices slide out my opening. A new wave of chatter and whistles started.

"Would you take a look at that cunt. Just leaking cum everywhere."

"That's one hot gaping teenage twat."

"She took that cock like a fucking champ. She's making her family proud that's for sure."

I continued laying flat out on the car as the men continued their filthy talk. I felt their eyes zeroed in on my still open pussy. Their voices became a buzz in my head as the full gravity of what I'd done hit me.

I was jolted awake from my stupor by the car starting up again. I stood up abruptly and fell back into Josh's open arms. I covered up my face as the car reversed slowly, the headlights still shining brightly on my body. But Josh took my hands and held them behind me.

"Open your eyes...", he gently whispered in my ear.

I slowly peered through my eyes as the headlights blinded me. Then, the other two vehicles also started their ignition, drenching my nude body in even more light. It was so bright I still couldn't make out the drivers. Then one by one, they pulled out of the parking lot and down the country road.

As the last car drove away, I let out an audible sigh of relief. Fear turned to humiliation turned to anger. But before I could make my fury known I found myself swung around and wrapped up in Josh's strong arms.

He kissed me deeply, probing my mouth with his tongue. After what felt like an hour, he hoisted me up by my thighs, making me straddle him. My sore labia pressed into his belt buckle.

He carried me effortlessly back to the picnic table behind us. He perched my bare ass on the edge of the table and held my thighs open as he crouched down between them.

I bit my lip as he kissed my battered pussy.

"I fucking love everything about you baby. I love your laugh, your smile, your breasts, your body, your pussy."

I felt his hot mouth engulf my pussy as he finished his sentence. I felt his tongue squirm and slide all over my lips and clit. He knew exactly what strings to pull on my body. My body had been conditioned to respond immediately to his touch. I couldn't help it.

I felt his mouth finally leave my aching slit.

"I love how you let me do all these as things. How you let me show you off. How you let me do whatever I want to your cunt."

He put extra emphasis on the last word as he spat on my pussy vulgarly and shoved two of his large fingers deep into my hole.

He fingered me slowly. I looked down between my legs as the soreness in my pussy once again gave way to pleasure.

He was looking at me. He gave me his trademark smile that got me into this mess in the first place as he kissed the top of my pussy tenderly.

"I love you baby."

And with that, what little indignation I had melted away. I laid back and surrendered my body to him once more. I was his. But more importantly, he was mine.


Epilogue

Josh never revealed who the men who had watched us were. I think he found it exciting that I would always second guess any man in town as being one of them.

But the two of us left for college not long after and I never had to deal with any scandal.

We remained together for several years which Josh definitely used to push my boundaries even further. But I trusted him completely and we loved each other through it all.

While the relationship did not last, the memories definitely will.