Dave and Emily arrived at Foyet's hideout just as the ambulance rolled up. His heart was pounding in his chest, and he knew it was fear as much as adrenaline or excitement. The two men he cared about most in the world were in that house, and regardless of how things were between him and Derek right now, he couldn't stand the thought of anything happening to him. As for Hotch... Dave wasn't sure he would know how to live without his best friend. They hadn't always been in close contact, had even gone months or years without seeing each other in person. But they had always been there, at the periphery, at least, of each other's worlds. Hotch had been best man in Dave's second wedding. Dave was godfather to Hotch's son.

He stood aside to let the EMTs run into the house, carrying their stretcher and medical kits. A hand touched his arm gently. "Dave, are you okay?"

He looked over at Emily. She was watching him with open concern. "Spencer said they'd got Foyet."

Dave drew in a deep breath and nodded. "And he said that Aaron and Derek were both injured," he said. Then he shook his head. "I'm fine. Let's get in there."

Please, God, he thought, leading the way into the house. The first thing he heard was Derek's voice, exclaiming something. It sounded like it hurt, whatever it was. Dave's chest eased. Derek was well enough to swear. A moment later, his whole body felt weak with relief, as he heard Hotch's voice, a lower murmur, in answer.

Dave burst into the back bedroom of the house just as Spencer said, "Would you please both just sit down? You're bleeding."

Behind Dave, Emily began to laugh, but it was a quiet, happy laughter. Derek and Hotch were hugging fiercely, despite the blood that soaked Derek's left sleeve and the front of Hotch's shirt. Bruises decorated Hotch's face, and one sleeve was ripped, sliding back to exposed a wrist rubbed raw from handcuffs or ties of some sort.

It was the most beautiful sight Dave had ever seen.

"Sit!" he barked, and Derek jerked away from Hotch, looking almost guilty before a smug satisfaction spread across his face.

Aaron smiled at them. "Thank you," he said quietly. "I knew you'd get here in time." He crossed the room to hug Dave, ignoring the noise of distaste Dave made when the bloody shirt contacted his. He'd known Dave long enough to realize he didn't mean it, anyway. Dave held his best friend tightly for a moment. "I knew you'd protect Haley," Aaron whispered.

Then he pulled away and wavered on his feet. Dave and Derek reached out simultaneously to catch him, and they guided him over to the bed. It was soaked in blood and smelled like urine, but Dave couldn't bring himself to care. Aaron was alive.

"You," he said, looking at Derek. Their gazes held for a moment. Derek looked almost defiant. Had he doubted that Dave would care? Dave felt his gaze gentle. "You go sit down," he ordered, his voice quiet. "These nice EMTs want to check you both out, and you're losing blood."

Derek stared at him for a moment longer, then went to sit in the room's only chair. As the EMT announced he would need stitches and dressed the wound, Derek told Dave what had happened.

When he kicked the door open, Foyet had thrown his knife, slicing along Derek's arm in a glancing blow. Foyet must have been expecting Derek to go down, and when Derek rolled forward into the room instead, it caught him off guard. Hotch, seeing Reid appear in the doorway behind Derek, had shouted and rolled off the bed, probably gaining another few bruises on the way. Spencer had taken the shot without hesitation, a quick double-tap to the chest.

"It's the best shot I've ever seen," Derek said.

"Not the best I've seen," Aaron murmured from where he'd been listening. The EMT working on him paused, obviously surprised that he would contradict praise about the man who had undoubtedly saved his life. Then Aaron gave Reid a warm smile. "The second best. The best time was the first time Spencer saved my life."

Reid's cheeks went red and he looked down, making Dave grin. It was amazing how much Aaron could do with a few words of praise. It wasn't that he didn't appreciate his team, but that he had such high standards, they knew he didn't issue praise lightly.

"It was good work," Dave said. "And I can't tell you how grateful I am to find you in one piece."

Aaron shrugged. "Mostly," he said, and held up his right hand, which was bloody. Dave sucked in a gasp as he realized the tip of his pinky finger had been removed from the knuckle.

"He said it would prove to Haley that he had me." Aaron's voice was dry. "I tried to tell him she wouldn't care, but I'm afraid he didn't buy it. I just had to count on the idea that you would have gotten her to safety."

"We didn't get the finger," Dave said weakly.

Aaron shrugged. "At least it's not my left hand," he said. "The rest of it will heal, and this won't interfere with my shooting. Might hurt my golf game a little."

Dave snorted. "All right, wiseass. Let's get you two to the hospital."

***

At the hospital, a doctor put twenty-eight stitches in Derek's arm. They offered him pain medication, but he waved it away. The pain wasn't bad enough to bother with anything stronger than ibuprofen. For that matter, Derek almost welcomed the physical pain. It was easier than dealing with the shit he was going to have to face once he and Rossi were alone together next.

Derek knew Dave had probably made his own guesses about why he had difficulties dealing with the idea of a relationship between them. And he'd put it aside long enough for them to find Hotch, but Derek didn't doubt Dave was going to call him on it now that Hotch was safe and, relatively, intact.

The team had been ushered into a private waiting room, which was where Derek found them once he'd been stitched up and given a scrub shirt to wear in place of his own ruined one. JJ was leaning against Spencer, who actually had an arm around her. He seemed to have lost some of his fear of physical contact once she'd started plopping his godson in his arms every chance she got. Emily and Garcia were sitting next to each other, not talking. Dave was standing, his arms folded across his chest, dividing his attention between the doorway and the team. He looked like a watchful father, Derek thought, and realized that Dave had found his place in the team, after all, and he didn't really need to push Derek out of the way to take it.

"You all right?" Dave murmured as Derek walked in and hesitated next to him.

Derek glanced over and met his gaze. "I'm good," he said quietly. "Reid holding up okay?"

Dave nodded. "He did what he had to do. He realizes that."

Derek nodded too. He paused, not wanting to leave Dave's side. "Hotch?"

"Is going to be fine. They gave him some local while they clean up the sloppy amputation Foyet did." Dave made a face. "I'm just sick over that," he admitted. "If we'd got to him sooner..."

"Where do you think the finger ended up?" Derek asked. His personal opinion was that Foyet had wanted it as a trophy. He'd taken trophies from all the other victims, even if he'd later left them at the next crime scene. Maybe he'd planned to leave it with Haley's body. Maybe he'd just wanted to keep it until his next kill.

"No idea," Dave admitted. "I hope it doesn't disqualify him for field work."

"It won't. He won't let it." Derek glanced over at Dave, offering him a half-smile. "You remember what he was like after the explosion in New York City."

Dave snorted. "Stubborn jackass."

"Well, yeah," Derek said. "You knew that before you came back."

Dave grinned at him, and Derek felt a pulse of pure desire go through him. God, but Dave was an attractive man. And maybe they'd still fight--no, scratch that, of course they'd still fight--but Derek knew for sure he didn't want to walk away from the idea of a real relationship between them.

He wondered if Dave would want the same thing.

"Me too," Dave said quietly. Derek jerked his attention back to the conversation and couldn't remember why Dave would be saying that.

"Huh?"

Dave's grin softened into a warm smile and he nodded faintly. "The look on your face just then," he explained, his words barely a murmur. "I feel it too."

Derek's confusion faded into relief, and he grinned back at Dave. "Why do I get a feeling this isn't going to be as easy as it sounds?" he asked.

"Cause nothing ever is," Dave said. "But we'll figure it out. We make a pretty good team."

Derek nodded slowly. "Yeah," he said. "We do."