This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 22 - Eroji (MFF, cons, magic, oral, impreg?, rom)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

We found a motel because it was late and we needed to park the car somewhere it wouldn't get towed overnight. Plus, we were exhausted from the drive. Well, Kate and I were, anyway. Demie never got tired, it seemed.

Kate opened the Chevelle's trunk and shrieked. I rushed to her side. The trunk was just a trunk now; the portal to her lab was gone!

"How did this happen?" she cried out. "It'll take forever to set the portal back up. For fuck's sake!"

I rubbed her back, since there wasn't much else that I could do for her. She sighed and leaned into me.

We went into the motel room and Kate and I flopped onto the bed. There was just the one, as Demie didn't need to sleep, but she lay down next to us anyway.

"As thanks for coming to help find my brother..." she said, and her form shifted, "...you wanna fuck Kate's pussy?" Then Demie was looking back at me with Kate's eyes, and with Kate's voice she asked, "With your permission, of course." She craned her neck over at the real Kate.

"Hmm..." Kate considered. "Why not?" Then she snapped her fingers and her clothes were gone. I looked back at Demie and now both Kates were naked.

"Oh shit!" I exclaimed. I had been tired, but suddenly I was raring to go, as was my cock. I quickly shucked my clothes and rolled over between Demie-Kate's legs, slipping down so I was looking at her pussy. Yep, it looked like Kate's. I dipped my tongue inside, making her moan. Tasted like Kate's, too.

I knelt back and fed the head of my cock into Demie-Kate's pussy, making her moan, and then pushed. Very tight! I pulled back a bit and then thrust harder.

"Ow!" she exclaimed. I looked at her, horrified, but then she winked at me. Fuck, I thought I had actually deflowered the real Kate for a second there. Then Kate came up behind me and nibbled at my ear, her C-cup boobs pressing into my back. So hot...

I thrust into Demie-Kate again, making headway. Soon I was buried all the way inside her. The real Kate slipped around to my front, turned, and knelt over Demie-Kate's chest. Then she started to kiss me.

This was tremendous! I was fucking Kate's body while kissing Kate, which was simply impossible to do for real without her losing her magic, or me losing my soul if I kissed Demie. Only with both of my lovers working together was this possible.

Demie-Kate pulled Kate's hips backward and the witch gasped as the demon started to lick her pussy. I continued to thrust into Demie-Kate's pussy.

After a minute or so, Kate pushed me back, a bit hard. "I need to lick my own pussy!" she exclaimed, and I fell off the bed, twisting so I landed on my hands instead of my back. There was some grunting, and when I stood back up, both Kates were in a sixty-nine position, lapping at each other's pussies.

Two voluptuous Kates in a sixty-nine! Damn sexy! I climbed back onto the bed next to them, my cock pointing at the ceiling.

After a few minutes, Demie-Kate, the one on the bottom of the sixty-nine, lifted her face and eyed my Tommy Gun. "I need cock!" she exclaimed, and Kate shifted position to lay beside me as Demie-Kate climbed astride me. As I felt her rub the head of my cock between her pussy lips I pulled Kate to me for a kiss.

Smack! She had slapped me!

"You wanna die, dummy?"

I had tried to kiss Demie! They must have swapped positions when I fell off of the bed, so the Kate that was about to sink her pussy down on my cock was...

"Kate, no!" I sat up, but she had trapped my legs with her own. The head of my cock had separated her pussy lips but it wasn't deep enough inside to break her hymen yet.

She looked at me with longing. "But I want it...after seeing you fuck her looking like me...pleeaase..."

"Come here," I urged her, laying back. "Kiss me."

She did, but she didn't pull off of my cock, but neither did she push down either. As we kissed I felt Demie grasp my cock, stroking it. She had moved to the bottom of the bed, behind Kate. I moaned into Kate's mouth.

Kate pulled back. "Ohh...she's keeping me from moving...she's playing with my clit, Tom..." She gasped.

I felt Demie licking at just under the head of my cock as she stroked me. The sexy, dangerous situation was too much for me and I groaned as I came.

"Oh!" Kate gasped as my cum spurted into her. In my mind I pictured the thin barrier of her hymen getting blasted with my seed, my sperm slipping through the natural perforations in it and moving deeper into her 19-year-old body.

"Fuuucckkk..." Kate moaned as she also came.

I spurted inside her again and again. My body wanted to thrust my hips up, to get deeper inside her, but we were both held fast by demonic strength.

Then it was over, and our bodies relaxed. Kate fell forward, freeing my cock, and I could feel Demie licking up the leftover sperm.

"I love you..." Kate murmured into my ear.

"Yeah," I replied.

"I'm sorry, Tom," she said as she rolled to the side, "I tricked you and you not only almost took my virginity, but you almost lost your soul. I didn't even consider that you'd try to kiss Demie while she looked like me." She looked sick with guilt.

"It's okay," I replied, "no harm done." My cheek stung a little from the slap, though.

She was quiet, lost in thought for the rest of the evening after Demie left to go feed, and eventually we fell asleep next to each other.

---

In the morning we drove out to where we had been told Demie's brother Eros was being held. I figured the large white split level house we pulled up to was probably built in the 1940's.

Kate frowned. "Wait...have we been here before?"

Demie and I looked at each other. I had felt some sort of deja vu when we pulled up, and she nodded.

"Something's not right." Kate started moving her arms, muttering words that my mind wouldn't acknowledge, much less remember.

She concentrated. "Some sort of mind control. I'll have to stay out here to see what I can do to counter it. If I get too close then it'll affect me again as well."

"Again?" I asked, "So we have been here before?" She nodded.

After a moment I felt some memories returning. We had been here yesterday...there were a couple of teenagers... No, that was all I could recall so far.

"Let's head around back," Demie suggested.

I remembered that's what we had done the last time. It had worked then, so once again Demie transformed her arm and used it to unlock the back door. We remembered where to go, and headed straight into the living room.

Plugged into the TV was a Playstation 4, and on the screen showed a mottled brown logo that said "Eroji" in a strange flowing script.

The room suddenly darkened and the air got warmer. My memories of the previous day came flooding back. "NO!" Demie and I both yelled, but...

'Time to play...Eroji!' showed on the screen, accompanied by booming orchestral theme music. The screen changed, reading, 'It's just a game. You need to finish it.'

We were trapped, again!

---

Outside, Kate winced. Something had just happened inside the house, something bad. Worried, she intensified her counterspell...

---

Neither Demie nor I could move, held fast by the power of the game Eroji, which was actually Demie's brother Eros. We had to play the game.

On screen, virtual avatars for Demie and myself flew down to a phenomenally rendered game board. As they touched down, a male demonic face appeared on screen. I had seen this face before, in a dream...

"Hey sis," Eros said, "guess you're just going to keep coming back, no matter how many times I take your memory away, huh?"

"Mom's worried about you, Eros," she replied, "please come home."

"No thanks, sis," he said, and then concentrated. "Where is THAT coming from?" He looked off to the side, out the front window, at the Chevelle. "Ah, wondered where the witch had gotten to. Can't have her interfering...it'll take a lot of power, but I've got it to spare now." He winked, the TV crackled with electricity, and then the house shook.

---

Kate gasped and stopped her spell. "Tom!" She exited the Chevelle and ran up to the house, blowing the front door off of its hinges with a wave of her arm.

The living room was empty. Tom, Demie, and Eros were gone.

---

The house stopped shaking and I looked out front again. The Chevelle was gone! Kate! Without her casting her spell to stop the mind control, I felt my mind slipping back under Eros' power. I heard Demie grunt, and realized it was the same for her.

On screen, Eros' demonic face smiled. "Stupid witches and wizards, stuck in their three-dimensional thinking. Now, let's get this over with, shall we? I have an Internet to take over."

He noticed my eyes widen. "Oh, yeah, Tom. I transformed from board game to video game not long ago, and on this new game console I can sense the Internet connection...so many people out there...all ready for me to play with..."

"...I just need to take care of you two..."

Eros' face vanished, and I couldn't stop myself as I reached forward for the controller on the coffee table. I pressed the X button, a virtual die rolled a 5, and my avatar moved forward. A virtual card showed 'General Card', and as it flipped, it showed...

'Kiss the player to your left for 30 seconds.'

NO! NO! I couldn't fight the command, and Demie turned to me, her lips pursed, her demonic persona reasserting itself for the kill as our lips came together.

I felt myself orgasm in my pants as our lips touched, the pleasure of Demie's lips overwhelming me. I felt my life force -- ME -- being sucked out of my body, and then I was gone.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)