Title: Innocence Lost and Pleasure Gained




Summary: A daughter's loss of innocence opens a world of pleasure. 



Keywords:inc,fic,erotic,hot,firsttime





There it was again, that quick glance that she wasn't even sure was there. She had been watching out of the corner of here eye when it came. His eyes would travel the length of her smooth legs to the hem of her night gown. Part of her wanted to scream at him to stop, while part of her felt strange warmth inside.

She had been noticing over the last month or so the looks he gave her. At first, she had dismissed them as her imagination, but she began to watch. In time, she realized it really was happening. They would come when her mother wasn't in the room, or paying attention at the moment.

She had been startled by the sheer hunger she saw in his eyes when he looked at her. They caused a flutter deep in her belly. She knew all about the birds and the bees, after all she was eighteen. She had heard the bragging of the other girls, who they slept with, how they rated each boy. She had even found porn on her laptop, though most of the time she really wasn't into watching two professionals who get paid to have sex together.

This was different, this wasn't some hormone driven eighteen year old boy, or even some sixty year old pervert. This was her father for Gods' sake; and he was all but drooling over her. She glanced over at her mother sitting in her recliner, eyes glued to the television. NCIS was on tonight, and a stick of dynamite wouldn't pull her from the chair.

She stretched her long legs out in front of herself, feeling the hem of her night shirt sliding slightly up her bare thighs. She could almost feel the burning of his stare on her. She rose from the couch and walked across the living room, heading for the bathroom. Glancing up at the china hutch, she saw his eyes staring after her in the reflection.

There it was again, that hungry look, almost needy; as he stared at her swaying ass outlined by the cloth of her night shirt. Ignoring his gaze, she walked down the short hall, entered the bathroom and closed the door. Lowering her panties, she sat on the toilet seat.

She was surprised to find the crotch of her panties damp. She couldn't be excited over her father staring at her body...could she? Angry at the way her body was reacting, she wanted to march back out there and confront him, then another thought occurred to her. Finishing using the toilet, she let her panties fall to the floor as she stood. She discarded the damp cloth into the laundry hamper, ands slowly headed back.

She couldn't believe what she was about to do, she almost backed out half way across the living room. Then, reaching the couch; she folded one leg under her as she sat. The move caused the hem of the night shirt to rise even further, letting an expanse of her smooth thigh come into view. She knew he was watching she could feel his hot eyes on her. Slowly, she raised her knee until her foot rested flat on the couch, just slightly off to the side. She knew the action caused the front edge of her shirt to raise straight up, when she felt the cool air of the room wash across her pubic area.

She didn't dare look at him, to see if he had noticed yet. When she heard the soft strangled gasp, she knew he had finally seen. Slowly turning her head, she stared straight at him from where she sat. She could see him sitting almost rigid in his own recliner, his eyes wide as he stared at her, his eyes glued to the opening of her night shirt.

It had been her intent to only give him a peek, but when she saw the growing hunger in his look; she felt that flutter in her tummy grow, and her heartrate jumped. Not sure why, she let her knee slowly drift outward, opening the gap between her thighs. His eyes grew even wider, and then rose to meet hers.

She stared back silently, nothing hidden, they both knew. She let the leg that now dangled off the front of the couch, creep outward. She could feel the growing moisture between her thighs as his glance moved down once again. She held the pose, making sure he got a good clear and unobstructed view of her.

God, what was she doing; exposing herself to her own father; while her mother sat only a few feet away? The feelings coursing through her were foreign and almost overwhelming; the need for him to see her. She let her own eyes travel down his body and over the slight paunch age had given him; until they rested on the loose cargo shorts he wore.

She almost gasped at the vision of the lump that was evident in his shorts. Not only was he staring at his own daughter, she realized, he was hard. The fact that he had gotten aroused staring at her, did something inside her.

When the commercial ended, and the show started back up; she rose from the couch, letting the night shirt fall back into place. She said she was getting a drink in the kitchen; her father only stared silently at her, while her mother almost grunted at the intrusion to her show.

Walking to the kitchen door, she stood in the archway, behind her mothers' chair. Turning back, she was in full view of her father. Her eyes locked silently to his as her hands reached down. Gripping the hem of her night shirt, she slowly pulled to cloth upward. She watched his eyes grow again as her smooth thighs came into view, raising more, she slid the cloth to her waist as her smooth, bare womanhood filled his vision. She watched him shudder at the sight, feeling a knot tighten in her belly. Continuing to pull upward, she bunched the cloth at her neck, as her 36C breasts slid into view.

She stood there for what could only have been a few seconds, but felt like an eternity; as a look of almost feral need passed over his face. Then, dropping the cloth back into place, she turned and walked into the kitchen.

She got a glass from the cupboard, and then stood facing the sink as she filled the glass and slowly took a drink. Her throat was actually parched dry from what she had just done. She wondered how he would react to her action. Just as she set the glass on the counter beside the sink, she felt him behind her.

She bit her lip as she felt his distinct bulge press into her from behind. Even through his thick cargo shorts and her night shirt, she could tell how hard he was. The idea that she was the one, who had elicited that reaction, sent a thrill through her body. She felt his hands grip her shoulders, and slowly turn her around until she faced him.

She silently watched as he slid to his knees in front of her. The light coming into the kitchen from the living room doorway barely illuminated the room, but she could still see the hunger in his eyes. She watched as his trembling hands reached up to the hem of her night shirt.

Not saying a word as she felt the cloth slowly rising; her silence was a tactic agreement to what was happening. She could more feel than see as he bunched her shirt at her waist, and then gripped her hips through the cloth. She glanced at the doorway to the living room, listening to the television.

She started to look back down, wondering what he was doing. What did he have in mind? The suddenness of his mouth closing over her sent a shudder through her young body. His mouth was on her, his warm tongue on her most private part. She knew about oral sex, but had never experienced anything like what poured through her body at that moment.

She barely suppressed the moan as his tongue slid between her wet folds, probing inside her. While her mind screamed this should not be happening, this was her father; her body erupted in unknown pleasure. Her hips pushed forward of their own device, grinding her pelvis into his searching mouth. Hearing the soft sucking noises sent shivers down her spine.

Her hands dropped to his shoulders, her fingers digging into his skin through his thin shirt. She pulled him tighter into herself, letting him know that what he was doing was driving her body insane. She had heard the girls at school talk about their boyfriends performing oral sex on them; she had thought the act somehow dirty.

Now, standing here in her own kitchen, with her fathers' tongue buried inside her, she wondered if she could ever bear without it again. She could feel the tightness deep in her belly building, her fingers tightening into his shoulders to signal him what was happening.

She couldn't believe how incredible this felt, until his mouth closed over her sensitive clit. As he sucked gently on the throbbing bud, her eyes rolled back and her body jerked. A soft grunt was the only sound she gave in the half dark room, as he body exploded in a white heat.

She had masturbated a few times before, but nothing compared to what was happening to her right now. Her body shook and trembled as he attacked her clit. She wanted to scream out her pleasure, as she felt her juices pour out from between her thighs, to coat his face. The fact he was actually drinking her, consuming her essence, sent waves through her belly.

She felt her body slowly coming back down, as his tongue gently dragged along her now engorged lips. When he finally pulled his face away from her, she leaned against the sink in a warm afterglow. She watched him stand in front of her, as her night shirt dropped back into place. She could see her juices glisten on his face in the half light.

Without making any attempt to remove her from his face, he silently turned and walked back into the kitchen. She stayed in the kitchen a few more moments, still catching her breath. She could feel the ache in the pit of her stomach, a new and definite hunger. She needed more.

The next night, when they gathered in the living room again, she made no pretense this time. Sitting on the couch, she immediately placed both feet up on the cushions. She had made sure this time to wear a slightly shorter night shirt. So, when her legs came up, she let him fully see her wet lips, swollen with need.

The fact the made no attempt to hide his staring glances, only pushed her further down the road. She stared at the growing lump in the light gym shorts he wore tonight; seeing the evidence of his desire for her.

She silently waited, poised, as her mother became engrossed in the television. This time, she made no comments, as she rose and walked to the kitchen. Stopping at the doorway, she turned and stared back at him, letting him see the hunger in her own eyes.

Entering the kitchen, this time she stood silently by the door in the half light, and waited. It seemed like forever, and then she watched him step into the room. Her hands instantly went to his, gripping them tightly. He stared into her face, a puzzled look in his eyes, as she led him towards the sink. This time, it was HER turn, she had decided.

A look of shock crossed his face as she backed him up to the sink, and then slowly slid to her knees in front of him. He tried to pull her back to her feet, but she shrugged off his hands to show him what she wanted.

Reaching up, her fingers gripped the elastic of the waistband of his shorts. Slowly, she pulled the fabric down. He had half turned so the light from the doorway fell across his body, so when his cock slid into view, she got her first look.

He wasn't hung like a porn star, perhaps seven inches in length. No fancy curve or piercing. To her it was a magnificent sight as he eyes traveled over him. Reaching up tentatively, she wrapped her fingers around him. She marveled at how soft his skin felt, while his hardness throbbed in her grip.

That this was the first real cock she had ever seen and she wanted to learn every inch of it. That it was also her father; sent a shudder through her body, causing a warm gush of fluids from between her thighs.

She heard him softly moan as her tongue dragged up his length. From his balls to the tip she tasted all of him. The texture sliding across her tongue, as the scent of him filled her nostrils. Feeling him tremble under her hands at his hips, thrilled her to know she could make him feel as good as she had felt before.

Her mouth opened, as she drew his bulbous head inside, gently sucking on him. She felt his fingers wrap in her hair as she slid her mouth further down his throbbing shaft. Like a possessed woman, her head began to slowly bob up and down on him. His cock sliding further and further into her mouth.

Reaching down one hand, she cupped his balls. Feeling their weight in her palm, as she realized that inside them, was the sweet essence she craved. She felt his fingers tighten in her hair, as his hips started to move; pumping his cock in and out of her mouth. That's it, she thought, use my mouth; fuck my needy mouth.

For ten minutes she sucked and teased his cock. Her entire mouth was bathed in his scent. She felt his hips start to spasm as he began to lose his rhythm. She felt his throb against her tongue with each stroke, and she knew he was close.

Pulling her mouth back until only the head rested inside, she continued to gently suck on his, as her tongue teased the crown head. Just as her jaw began to ache, she heard a soft grunt, and then his cock jerked inside her mouth. Hot, thick seed pumped into her waiting mouth; the salty taste covering her tongue. First one rope, then a second filled her mouth. She held him inside her mouth as she felt him empty himself into her.

The shock of what she was going, with her mother in the next room. The realization this was her father who had just cum in her mouth; sent a shock through her belly. She felt her own body shudder as your juices gushed out of her; dripping to the kitchen floor under her spread knees.

She could feel him starting to soften in her mouth as she released her lips from him. She kept the thick warm liquid in her mouth as she rose to her feet. Staring into his eyes, she slowly opened her mouth, letting him see his own cum, coating her tongue. Then, silently, she swallowed the salty gift her father had given her.

She could see his eyes grow with surprise and lust at her wanton act. Without a word, she turned and walked from the kitchen. She could still feel the hunger in her belly, but that would have to wait for another day.

Another day turned into three before the pair could make another encounter happen. This time, it was almost as impromptu as the first time.

Saturday morning, and she slowly crawled out of bed. Padding down the hall towards the kitchen, she passed her parents' bedroom. Glancing in, she saw her mothers' form still curled beneath the sheets. On Saturday and Sunday mornings her mother made up for lost sleep, as she called it. Her usual weekend routine included taking sleeping medication on Friday and Saturday nights, to ensure she slept extra.

Barefoot and still in her night shirt, she stepped into the kitchen. He sat at the small table, coffee cup in hand, the morning newspaper on the table in front of him. With the top half of his robe, open to the belt at his waist, her eyes scanned his chest. She could feel an instant heat start between her thighs.

Any other morning, she would head for the pantry cupboard and get her morning cereal. Today, she wanted something different for breakfast; she wanted him. Slowly she walked over to stand by him, and then waited as he turned in his chair to face her. He opened his mouth to speak, but her fingers at his lips silenced him.

Reaching down, she tugged at the belt at his waist, as the knot came undone; the fabric opened fully, his semi flaccid cock lying quietly in his lap. She wanted him hard, no she needed him hard.

Standing upright, she drew her night shirt over her head, setting the cloth on the table over his now ignored morning newspaper. She watched his fevered gaze take in her body, now only a foot from him. Her firm young breasts jutting out, capped with hard aching nipples that were surrounded by a puffy areole. She felt the growing moisture over the swollen bare lips as he looked between her thighs.

She watched in wonder as his cock began to thicken and lengthen in his lap. Seeing it grow, it amazed her that she could stir such a reaction in any man, let alone her own father. Bending at the waist, her breasts only inches from his face, she cupped his balls and gently squeezed, and then wrapped her fingers around his length. She watched his eyes glaze over as she slowly stroked his hardening cock.

When she was satisfied with his hardness, she eased forward, straddling his thighs. Her hand held his cock upright, as her knees bent, lowering herself to him. Her eyes locked silently to his, as she saw them widen with surprise, the realization of what she was about to do hitting him.

When his engorged head lodged between her soaked lips, her body shuddered with desire. There was a gush of liquids seeping out to coat him, proof to her that this is what she wanted more than anything. What she needed to satisfy that knot of pleasure growing deep inside her belly.

She couldn't help the small gasp as she lowered further, feeling him stretch her tight walls. The sensation of his cock filling her was sending waves through her. She fought the urge to slam down hard, instead, continuing her slow journey to heaven. Inch by inch she could feel him sliding inside.

His hands rested on her bare hips as he softly moaned. Feeling her velvet vise grip him, she was unbelievably hot and tight around him. It was almost as if she was...his eyes widened as he realized what his daughter was about to do, what she was about to give him.

She paused, feeling his swollen cock head pressing against that thin barrier inside her. Pressing down further, she felt it stretch inside her, sending a small jolt of pain through her tummy. She felt his grip on her hips tighten, as if he would pull her back up, and silently she shook her head. She stared into his eyes as she gritted her teeth, and then dropped down onto him; letting her own weight drive him past that barrier.

Her small squeak of pain was the only sound in the kitchen as she settled onto him. Holding still, she let her body try to adjust to this new invasion. She looked down between them, at their joined bodies. She could see the small trickle of blood that seeped out onto his groin.

It was done, she was a woman now, and she was his woman. She had let him claim her body in a way no other man ever had, or ever would again. She shuddered with the thought her own father had just completed her passage to true adulthood.

Planting her bae feet on the kitchen floor, she pushed upward; feeling him partially slide back out, then let herself drift back down. The sensation of his thick cock dragging along her walls was sending a spasm through her body. How she had ever thought this act was dirty, or unimportant she dismissed quickly. Each stroke stretched and filled her over and over as her pleasure mounted. Everything now centered right here, right now, as she rode his lap.

His fingers tightened at her hips, digging into her soft skin. She let him take control as he began to guide her up and down. His marvelous cock was pumping into her again and again. Her eyes glazing over with lust she let him own her body. She knew this was the first, but could never be the last time they coupled like this.

He watched her face transform from an innocent young girl, to the lust filled vision of a woman in need. He slowly began to pick up the speed as he drove up into her harder and deeper. The sound of their labored filling the room, as the scent of their sex permeated the air. Wet squelching sounds as her soaked sex sucked him in more and more.

When the swollen head of his cock pressed against her spongy cervix, his eyes opened wide. He was inside his daughter, bareback and unprotected. He couldn't come in her he thought. He desperately tried to pull back as he felt the growing tightness in his balls.

She felt his resistance, and knew instantly why. Her hands gripped his biceps, nails digging into his flesh. She stared into his face, her eyes glowing with hunger. She shook her head violently, her long auburn hair cascading around her shoulders. Now, she took over; as she rose and fell on him, slamming down hard onto his lap as the slapping of skin was added to the sounds of their breathing.

She knew what he had realized, and she didn't care. In fact, there was nothing more that she wanted right then, than to feel his hot seed filling her belly. Regardless of what that meant. For the first time since they had started the journey together days ago, she spoke.

"Please don't stop" she whispered. "Cum in me Daddy"

Her words inflamed him beyond caring, as he pounded up into her young body. The tension in his balls hit the breaking point within a few more strokes. A primal grunt escaped him, as his whole body jerked. The first jet of his hot cream splashed along her walls deep inside her as he released himself.

Her eyes rolled back as an incredible heat swelled in her belly. Stars exploded behind her eyes as her first real orgasm tore through her. What he had done to her that night with his mouth, paled into comparison to what now ravaged through her.

Her head fell back as her sightless eyes stared at the ceiling, a soft keening noise as her body began to violently shake. When she felt a second thick, hot rope coating her cervix; a white hot explosion ripped through her as a second orgasm exploded, blending with the first into rolling waves.

He watched in wonder as her body shook and convulsed on his lap. Feeling her hot juices gush out of her to soak his groin and balls. The intensity of her orgasm stunned him as she reveled in this new found pleasure.

As her body still shuddered, her eyes refocused to stare into his. She gave a weak smile as the afterglow wrapped around her. Rising up on quivering legs, she felt a thick glob of his cream ooze out of her, to land with a soft splatter onto his bare thigh. Her hand gently caressed her full belly.

With a wet slurp his cock slid free to lay on his lap, coated in their mixed cum. Every fantasy he had ever had paled to what had just happened. He looked into her face as she bent to pick up her discarded night shirt from the kitchen floor. She softly kissed his cheek as she drew back.

What had he done? He had just ravaged his own daughter, right here in their kitchen, while her mother slept upstairs. What kind of an animal was he? He watched as she silently headed back towards the hall to her bedroom.

Just when she was about to leave the kitchen, she turned and looked at him, he could see the evidence of their passion slowly trickle down her thighs, with the small taint of pink as evidence of her ultimate gift to him.

He waited as she stood there for a moment. He expected her to yell at him, curse him for what he had done. Instead, her single sentence, spoken softly, burned into his mind.

"Thank you" she said softly. "Oh and next time daddy" she added. "I want you on top." Then, she turned and was gone.





For Pics visit:---->>>  https://bit.ly/2ReHUJI 