A Wife, Mistress, and Me 

By JSR


This story, though fictitious, is close to reality.

Before we were married, my wife June and I never discussed items like how many children we would want, where we would like to be financially in a few years and other mundane things like this.

We lived in an apartment for a couple of years, then decided to buy a house. We had different ideas about where we wanted to buy, she wanted to be near downtown, and I wanted to be near my work. We finally compromised and bought a house half way in between. It was a quiet neighborhood, but neither of us really liked it. She wanted the hustle and bustle of the city, and I wanted the piece and quiet of the countryside.

After a year in the house, I finally convinced her that out in the countryside would be a better place to live. We spent almost a year looking for just the right place. We found a house that had 5 bedrooms and two bath's. After we moved in, she said it would be great for entertaining, and I said it should be a great place to raise our family. She said what family, I do want to have any kids. I did not think that she really meant that, but found out later that she was adamant about it.

I ask her to stop taking the pill, so we could start our family, and she refused. It became a sore point between us. She slowly started discouraging my attempts to fuck her. We went from having sex 4 times a week, to 3, then 2 and then only on Fridays. 

Then six months later, she stopped fucking me at all. She became frigid. I said something to her one night and she told me that if I wanted to fuck someone to get a mistress, as she was done with sex, for good. Thinking that she was joking, I said and can I bring her here to live? I almost lost it when she said, yes you two can use one of the other bedrooms.

This completely shocked me. I then ask do you want a divorce? She said NO. I just do not want to fuck anymore. If you get a mistress, then your needs can be taken care of, and I will know that you are safe. But the mistress you choose should be willing to have your children. I will even help take care of the now and then, but I do not want to be tied down with them.

 And just where do you think I am going to find a woman who would live under those conditions? We will find you one she said. Oh,  I said, now you are going to pick out my lover, I ask? No she answered we will pick her out together. She also has to be someone I can live with also.

I still did not think she was serious, so I let the subject drop, and went to sleep.

On Friday night, I got home from work, and she told me to get cleaned up, that we were going out for supper. I ask what was the occasion, and she said we are going to find you a mistress. Again I thought she was just continuing the joke.

In the restaurant, she kept pointing out waitresses and patrons that appeared single, and kept suggesting that I talk to them to see if they were free. I ask why and she said so you can date them to see if they are fit to be your mistress. I shook my head in disbelief. A young woman came in and was seated at the table next to us. June started a conversation with her. After getting some of the girls stats, June ask her if she would be interested in being her husbands mistress. The girl almost choked on her glass of water, shook her head no, then got up and left the restaurant. I was beginning to believe she was serious.

When we left the restaurant, June said, lets go to the Twilight bar, a lot of young ladies go there on Friday nights, so we did. We took a small table near the bar, where we could see most of the ladies going to get their drinks. She told me to go sit at the bar and see if I could get to know some of them. 

At the bar, I ask a couple of girls to join me, but they were with friends. A little later, another well built young lady came and sat beside me. I struck up a conversation with her. She was really stacked. We talked for about 10 minutes, and I ask if she wanted to go someplace with me. She pointed to my wedding ring and said, what would your wife say? I pointed to June and said that is my wife, and she wants me to get a mistress. She said either you are kidding, or your wife is crazy. I said probably both. 

The two of us joined June at the table, and they started talking. She told June that if we were really looking for a mistress, that I should not wear my wedding ring. She reached into her purse and pulled out a wedding ring and said, I am looking for someone to fuck me tonight, thats why my ring is in my purse. She got up and returned to the bar.

Every Friday and Saturday night for the next month, we went out looking for a mistress. Each night I ended up talking to several girls, but none that wanted to become a mistress. June however, was not worried, she just kept saying we will meet the right girl sooner or later.

A few days later, I came home from work, and June met me at the door. She was nude, and dancing around like it was a May Day dance off. She was beaming, and said I found the perfect mistress for you. Even mom and dad like her. I said you let you parents know what you are trying to do? Yes, she said, and they offered no objection, especially when I told them who your new mistress is.

Now wait a minute, I said. I think that I should be the one to select my own mistress. June said you will love her, you already do. I said, I think you have gone off the deep end, this time. Just wait until we get to mom's house, she said. Now lets go. I looked at her and said the way we are dressed? (I was still in my work clothing, and she was still nude.) It was surprising to see her nude, as she would always put something on even with just the two of us in the house. Now she wanted me to drive her to her mom's totally nude? She must have had a stroke or she finally lost all of her marbles.

The phone rang, and I answered. It was her mom, she ask how soon we would be there. I said your daughter insists that she is going, but she is nude and will not get dressed. I think she has lost all of her marbles. Her mom said bring her like she is, then. I said all right, be there in about 20 minutes.

June said, lets take the convertible. I looked at her and my mouth dropped open, as she got into it. I said, the sedan will be more comfortable. She shook her head no, and sat up on the back of the back seat. I muttered to myself, I hope no cops see us. We had to go right through down town, and she sat there waving at people, like she was a home coming queen.

At her parents house, we had to park several doors down from their home, as the area was full of parked vehicles. She got out of the car and walked to their house, again waving at everyone. I usually knock when I get there, but this time I just opened the door and got her inside as fast as possible.

Inside, June went up to talk to her sister (Cassie). I started to explain to her father what was going on. He said it is all my fault. How so I ask? This morning June and Cassie were upstairs talking, and when they came down, June explained what she wanted. It seems like she has cut you off, sexually, and wants Cassie to be your live in mistress. Cassie is to have all of your children. When she ask if we would approve the plan, I said when you get your husband, to drive you all the way here and back with you totally nude, I will.Knowing how she gets upset if someone gets a glance at her tits, I figured that there was no way that she would do that. I guess I was wrong.

The girls came downstairs, and Cassie was carrying her suitcase. I said Cassie, are you going along with this crazy proposal that your sister came up with? Her answer was, for you, I would do anything.

June said Daddy, you promised that you would do it if I came here nude. Are you going to keep your promise? He said June, did you really think that I meant what I said? Yes, she said and I am going to hold you to that promise. Cassie, their dad ask, did you believe it? No, she said, but when she did it, I figured that you had no choice but to approve it. Also, we are both adults, and we could do it anyway with out your consent, but we preferred to have it.

Their mom said, I guess they have got us. Either way it seems like they both want to do it. John, how does this sound to you? I said I think that both of them have lost all their marbles. However if you two give your approval, I guess I will have to go along with it, at least for a while.

He dad then said, I will approve it only if both of you girls go home nude. That means that you Cassie will also have to be nude to leave this house, and John will have to call us once you get home and confirm that both of you rode all the way nude, and you both have to make sure that people along the way can see that you are nude.

Both girls went over and kissed there dad, and then Cassie stripped in front of all of us. Her dad said that is the first time I have seen Cassie nude in 20 years, and when she walked in tonight is the first time I have seen June nude since she was 3 years old.

Both girls walked out the front door, nude, and over to the car. I carried Cassie's suitcase, and put it in the trunk. Both girls were sitting on the top of the back seat like beauty queens in a parade. Thinking that I might persuade them to sit down on the back seat, I told them that there were several cop cars coming our way. They both just sat there and said I hope they like the view. I took a very long way home, going through down town, the city park and any place I thought there might be a lot of people to see them. They just smiled and waved. I had never seen my wife so intent on having people see her nude. She was usually very reserved, and complained about Cassie showing to much of her body. Now here was both of them showing them selves like a couple of whores advertising. The only problem was that they were behind me and I could not see them. I looked in the rear view mirror, but could only glance at them, due to the traffic.

When we got home, both of them got lawn chairs and sat in the front yard, still nude. When it got to dark for people to see them, they came inside. I ask what was going on with the way they were acting, and June said that Cassie only agreed if I would loosen up and start showing my self off, and I had to continue to do so, from now on. On the way to mom and dad's house, I got a big charge out of it, and I will be showing off more. I know that should please you.

Needless to say, I was flabbergasted. 

Cassie ask about sleeping arrangements. June said I sleep in this room, the two of you can decide which room you get, that is where he will fuck you. I said whoa, I said. I fuck in the bed I sleep in, so I guess our bed just got crowded. She can sleep next to me, and you on the other side. This started a discussion as to why it should be that way. I ended the debate by saying, we can get a bigger bed, but for tonight, we will just have to be a little crowded. You came up with this plan of yours, now you are going to have to modify it to suite my wants as well.

June said, you two should be alone when you fuck. I said no you want me to have a mistress, all right, but you are going to have to lay there and watch and/or hear us, every time we do. Otherwise, it will not happen. I hope that does not upset Cassie, but that is the only way I will do it. Cassie said I will take what ever you give me, any place, and I do not care if sis sees us or not since she suggested it.

June finally said, all right, as long as you do not try to get me involved. I said since you are my wife, I will still try to play with you, and since you seem to like nudity, from now on both of you are to remain nude at all times that you are on our property. That means inside and outside, and no exceptions. 

June ask what do you mean by playing with me? I answered, I will still kiss you, play with your tits, and suck your nipples, when ever I feel like it. I will respect your wish not to be fucked, but everything else is fare game, that includes blow jobs. I turned to Cassie and said, that goes for you too, anything I want to do to you will be open and available to me at all times. I will not use condoms, and you are forbidden to use any type of birth control, is that acceptable to you? Cassie got on her knees in front of me and pulled my cock out of my pants, and started licking it. I said I guess your answer is yes. She bobbed her head up and down to indicate yes, and continued to give me a great blow job.

I picked up Cassie and laid her on the bed beside June. I got on top of Cassie, and started playing with her. June rolled over on her side and said now maybe you have enough room. I slid between them and was sucking Cassie's nipples and had one hand between her legs, playing with her clit. I slipped a finger into her pussy and started to finger fuck her, when I felt an obstruction. I could feel Cassie flinch when I hit the obstruction. I looked at her face and touched it again, with the same reaction. I sat up on the bed, and ask Cassie are you a virgin? Her face got red and she shook her head yes.

I looked at June and said; you want me to take your sisters cherry? June just replied ask her about it. It's her cherry.

I ask, Cassie, what is going on? I want the truth this time, and no games, or lies, just the truth, else you are going home right now.

She said, June and I were talking a few weeks ago, and I was telling her how lucky she was to have a hunk like you. The only guys that would date me were ones I did not like, and the ones I did like were already taken, and I was already in love with you. We came up with this idea to get you to take my cherry and give me a baby, (so that I could have a part of you always) then June would revert to letting you fuck her, and then she could have the children that you want. 

And just how were you going to convince me and your parents that she somehow tolerate being fucked when she could not before? We thought that we could figure out something, later.

I said since you both have convinced them, they are going to stay convinced. I will take your cherry, tonight, and you will get pregnant sooner or later. But June, I will fuck you, but you will not, I say again, you will not have a baby. Otherwise your parents will be told the whole story. 

June, you will be the woman of the house, and Cassie, you will be available to me at all times and you will not have any men visitors, who are not family. The nudity rule will be in force, as stated earlier. And one other thing, June, after Cassie has at least 3 kids, I will consider letting you have one, but no more. 

Cassie said I could not hope for a better way to live with you. June said, we did it to ourselves, so I guess this is the way we will have to go, so take her cherry and lets get some sleep.

I told Cassie, I am a little angry at how I was manipulated into this situation, so I am not going to be very easy on you. I guess you might call it a rape.

With that, I spread her legs, put my very hard cock into her pussy and shoved with all my strength into her hole. She screamed when my dick ruptured her hymen, and I plunged ruffly into her canal not stopping until my balls were slapping her on the ass. Then I just fucked her as hard as I could, not caring if it hurt her or not.  I was ramming into her cervix. After about the third or fourth power stroke, she suddenly had an orgasm. She shook and trembled like she was an earthquake. It was so powerful that her pussy clamped onto my cock and I could not move it. I was in her womb on that stroke, and that is where I finally fired off about 5 ropes of cum, directly into her womb. 

She grabbed hold of my head and stuck my mouth on one of her nipples saying rape me anytime, I loved it. She said leave your cock inside me all night, I want this to be our first baby.

I awoke once during the night, and I was still inside of her, just barely, and I got hard immediately. I carefully stroked in and out of her trying not to wake her. I again had a very powerful cum. And I went back to sleep still inside of her.

When my alarm went off, I was laying on top of Cassie, with my dick between her legs, but not in her. I tried to get up without waking her, but she awoke anyway. She said she had the nicest dream, that I had fucked her nice and slow and that I had cum inside her again. I smiled, and said it was not a dream.

When I arrived home from work, the animosity that had developed between June and I seemed to have disappeared. Both June and Cassie met me at the car, both nude, and took turns kissing me. As Cassie was kissing me, June unbuckled my belt and pulled my pants and underwear down and started giving me a blow job, in the driveway. She did not pay any attention to the cars going by and blowing their horns.

Cassie, then took off my shirt and the rest of my clothing. Now I was also nude for the passerby's to see. For someone who had been uptight about being seen nude, June acted like she had been doing it for years. What a way to be greeted coming home from work!

Nine months later, Cassie had a boy. Then 13 months after, our daughter was born. Two years after that, Cassie had a set of identical twins. I now started working on June to get her pregnant.

When we announced June's pregnancy to their parents, I made the girls tell there parents the truth of what went on. They then said, we think you should keep both of them pregnant, as much as possible. I countered by saying that we could not afford to have any more kids.

They said we will give the three of you $30,000, the max allowed by IRS rules for the kids, and when we are gone, you three will inherent a lot of money, and will not have to worry about anything.

Now both my wife and my mistress are both pregnant. It looks like we many have to build an addition onto the house for more bedrooms.


Comments and suggestions are always welcome; storytellerxxx5@gmail.com
