 


 || Author: stHell66 or spankclaire
Oksana

Part 2

2-prelude:(D/s,torture,non- con, gang-rape, incest, humiliation)


A note to readers: if your homophobic you may not want to read this part it involves Oksana being dominated by Cody and his gay lover.

OKsana cried herself to sleep covered in cum and blood. The two young rapist were pretty rough on her. Cody had to come up with a idea. He and his lover Gary, knew that he could go to jail because of his jealous rage to his new bride. He had to break her, make her believe that she deserves it, that it was her fault. He knew that she was quit naive and very religious, it wouldn't be easy for her to leave him, she had rules that she had to follow and it would have to be approved by the Church so she wouldn't go to HELL. Cody Blache had a sadist streak in him, he hated sluts like Oksana: beautiful young and was born into money. He had already lost a full time acting job to Mata. And he had lost other parts to a cunt or a slut before. He was going to make her pay for being young beautiful and rich. He and Gary came up with a sadist plan she would be blackmailed into staying with him and he record all her abuse and rapes. And if she decided that it was too much he would threaten her new life, her soul to heaven and ruin her chances of a acting career that she dreamed of.

Breaking the cunt:

I laid on the mildew Mattress crying, Thinking what did I do to upset him this way. I wanted to get out but ropes around my wrist and ankles I had to stay there with the rapist cum cover me. Did I displease him, I hope that He would forgive me, if he divorced me, I could never go to heaven, I had to deal with it and please my husband. Even those he was gay and I knew now that he was cheating on me, I still had to serve him, he is my husband. The Priest Father Alexander told me that I had to serve him for the rest of my life and if I do not I shall go to HELL.

When he opened the closet door and turned on the light I pleaded and cried "Please my new husband why did you do this, did I displease you, did I humiliate you, my Husband!" I was crying still tied to the mattress.

He stood over he and spit in my face "Your a woman- a slut, a girl.. you don't need to know why and NEVER! question me again cunt." he lifted his hand to back slap me.

I pleaded and begged not to be upset with me. He untied me and grabbed my hair and led me into the kitchen "Cunt make breakfast for us."

He was still mad at me, he didn't even let me put on a dress or anything to cover my abused raped body. I was quit embarrassed my naked body in front of all of Cody's friends. I wasn't allowed to wipe nor clean myself, I was told to fix breakfast for all of them. There I was serving all his gay friends. Naked and ashamed, old cum and blood stains down my thigh, my lips swollen from one of the boys slapping me. And my labia lips swollen too, saying that I have been fucked and raped. There was one of the boys that raped me Ge', the black boy, sitting there ignoring me. He was just laughing smiling with the other boys. I wanted to throw a metal pan at him, But Mr Blache would punish me, and even let Ge' punish me. I had to be obedient and know my place.

After a humiliating lesson at breakfast I was told to report to Maria, to learn my new position in the house, from beautiful wife of a soap-star to the common maid. I would have to mind her and respect her.

.

2-Chores and the maid

Maria the maid, I really didn't think she was a good maid , I ended up doing everything anyway. But Cody was the boss. I want to fire her on the first day that I meet her, when she have me attitude when I asked her to do something. Now I was working for her.

The maid was Cody's ex-girlfriend that he still cared for, they didn't have sex anymore, because he was gay. She was like me, didn't have much self-esteem, and still let Cody run over her. She was much older then him she's in her 40's and I knew that she hated me, because of my youth and beauty. Cody didn't mind that she was mean to me, he even gave her my first chores list, which was cleaning all the toilets, cleaning the trash cans and mowing the lawn. Cody and Maria would inspect all my work and if it didn't pass inspection I would be punished by him or Maria. I leant my position quickly, after I finished cleaning the bathroom, scrubbing the toilet by hand and mopping the floor in one of the guess rooms of one of his young gay boys, which I had to do naked. She came in to inspect my work, she looked fairly impressed, "mmm not bad for a stuck up white cunt." she laughed.

I was about to leave to finish another bathroom.

"wait wait" as she sit on the edge of the toilet and lifted up her maid dress and pissed on my newly mopped floor.

" damn I made a mess, you'll clean that up won't you?"

I cried and tried to run but two of of boys including Ge' stopped me, and forced me into the bathroom, shoving my face into a puddle of urine. They made sure that the camera monitor in the bedroom was on. I was on my knees, with Ge' holding my arms behind of back and the other boy grabbing the back of my neck. Maria with her black high heel pump stepped on my face forcing my face into the piss more.

"I was going to let you just mop the floor again, but you think your better then wiping my piss off the floor don't you? huh?"

I cried and pleaded, her heel stabbed into my face, forcing me to feel and smell her waste on the floor.

"please please I'm sorry Maria."

"That just won't do miss snobby bitch, I want you to lick this mess up as I whip your behind, if I were you? I would hurry, because when I get tired of whipping you, I'll let the boys whip you too." Maria grabbed the toilet brush and started whipping my bottom.

I was forced to lick up all her piss. After finishing licking up most of her piss, the boys grabbed me and tossed me over with my back in the piss. Maria smiled a wicked smile, "I think you need to be taught a lesson, to help you understand your position here."

I tried to struggle against the boys hold on me.

"See this toilet brush to for cleaning toilets, and sense I don't think of you any better then a toilet, you cunt must be a toilet and have to be cleaned. huh?" she got on her knees and spread my labia lips apart.

"No no---AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!" I screamed as she raped my unlubed cunt with the toilet brush.

The boys, over me, french kiss each other as they got out each others cocks and started jerking each other off over my breast and face. The brush stretched my inside, making me bleed, as the boys shoot cum over my breast and face. Maria sat on the toilet again as the boys left, I curled myself in a ball, cramping bleeding, covers in piss,cum and blood. I reached to take off the toilet brush out of my raped and abused cunt.

Maria slapped my hand, to avoid me taking it out," no no snobby ungrateful bitch, the boys got to cum, you got to get fucked, and me nothing!"

She grabs my hair and leads me to her cunt, hairy brownish cunt. She forces me to eat her out. "If you a good cunt licker I may let you keep the brush up your cunt as you finish the chores, of you not, I'll shove another thing up you ass and have you serve as the boys toilet all afternoon till Mr Blache gets home."

I tried my best to lick her, she taught how to please her, spanking my back to guide me what she didn't like.

rules:

Never to speak in the house

head has to be looking down always bowed

Strip when entering the house, get the leash and collar the the chauffer will give you, crawl to the kitchen get the chores list from Ms. Maria(the Maid).

After finishing your chores knee in the pray corner facing the wall and wait for Mr Blache.

When on arrival crawl to meet him at door with your disciple crop in your mouth.

She would have to be the maid for all his guest too All 3 rooms had all his little gay boys in And there were always 3 to 8 boys staying with him, and she would have serve them, clean their rooms and wait on them hand and foot.

Serve my husband's gay lover:

At night I had to fix up the master bedroom (Mr Blanche's and Gary's bedroom)and I had to stay to be humiliated even more. He loved making me watch him have sex with other guys. I had to get on my knees holding a tray of champagne and two chilled glasses and the other hand a few condoms. I had to watch them make-out "my Husband" MR BLache and "his Lover" Gary."Mr Blanche" is what I had to call him, not husband not Cody or any cute Husband name just Mr Blanche.. He made me wear a kinky maid outfit. 5in slitttoe heels, a black nylon g-sting with a matching garter to keep up my knit black thigh highs. A short micro mini PVC skirt that really didn't cover anything and a tight corset that pushed up my small breast. I had to keep my hair in pony-tails. He liked to humiliate me.

"Get me ready" Mr Blache grabbed my hair and forced me to suck on his uncut dick, as he french kissed Gary.

He paid no attention to me as he played with Gary's cock.

"Ok on you knees next to us." as Mr Blache bent Gary over some pillows that I had to puff up and set up.

He grabbed one of the condoms "Lubricate my lover cunt."

I had to put KY on Gary's arse.

Cody wanted me behind him as he fucked Gary. "Hold my balls cunt, hold my balls as I fuck my lover."

His words hurt me, I was having to help him fuck another person, to cheat on me, cheat on me with another guy, what humiliation this was. I had to put my hands under his legs and hold his balls as he fucked.

After he came in the condom he withdrew his cock, The condom stained with his Gary's shit.

"that off my condom, clean my cock off.. suck it off all my cum.. I don't like my cock tool sticky, clean it real good."

I had to hold the used shit stained condom in my hand as I sucked and cleaned the cum off his deflating dick. He had a riding crop ready for any order that I didn't respond quickly enough too. A slap with the riding crop on my ass forced to act quicker and apolized for not serving him will enough.

"Gary, my lover you have KY on your ass." he smiled a wicked smile.

Then he grabbed my hair to lead me to Gary's rear. "You need to lick him clean. It's not polite to have your lover walk around with KY on his ass all-night. LICK IT OFF! CUNT!" he demanded with a quick sting of the riding crop, making sure that I couldn't refuse.

After that he called in one of his boys that like to fuck girls too, to come in and take me to the closet for tonight.

Hostess:

At dinner with his friends I had to get on my knees and wait to be called over to get a refill or fill their plates or suck their cocks if they were not to gay.

My life had changed to the worst, my dreams of being a soap star in the bright light had fated, my Husband was a sadist beast. I called my mother, I hoped that she would talk to Father Alexander and let me leave or get a divorce, but she was to busy in her new land , enjoying everything that L.A. had. She told me to deal with it, that I was his wife now and I had to serve him. I didn't know how to drive, I had was trapped, from the studio to home. Cody had a party planned it was Friday. It was my first day at work, no acting , I had to work on my lines, my character wasn't going come in till next week. As soon as I got in the door that the chauffer opened for her she was trapped. Cody grabbed the back of her neck and led her to the living room were the camera crew that she knew sit on the couch watching her get humiliated.

"Be a good cunt strip down show your fellow workers how pretty you really are?"

"Please Cody, don't humiliate me like this."

"This isn't anything." the smell on his month told her that he was drinking. "The studio has screwed me over, humiliating me.. as they fire some tramp like you." Cody grabbed the top of my beautiful silk dress and ripes it.

"Do you want me to get the belt, bad Oksana, and tell your priest how bad you have been?"

"no no Please don't do this." as the chauffer gets closer if I decides to run.

I cry as she strips off the dress, no bra nor panties, Cody wouldn't allow it, and a bra religion told me that I couldn't.

"Bend over cunt,show everyone your nice young ass." as he insisted his fingers inside my cunt, then two and his thumb up her ass.

He started to play with me, rubbing her insides. In front of all these guys, people that I was going to work with. I tried to ignore it, but my body betrayed me, I was so wet from the humiliation. cunt cream started to run down my thighs. He starting to the other guys about today's business as he continued to humiliate me in front of all these guys.

He grabbed my hair and forced my head to the carpet "Yes guys just a slut, even if their soap stars, pretty cunts... use some force and she is a slut." he laughed.

He forced me on my knees and to crawl, forcing with his fingers inside my ass and cunt.

I would be or embarrassed cumming right in front of anyone there, my sex juices down my thighs.

"Lick my fingers off you dirty cunt, I have to shake hands or something." as he rammed his fingers in my mouth to lick and clean.

"Why don't you cunt crawl over to each guy and kiss their feet, take off their shoes and ask if they want to fuck you."

All the guys there wanted one thing-ME.

In minutes I was on her back in the middle of the living room carpet, Mr Blache laughed "wait wait.. get some towels under her, I just had the carpet cleaned."

I was gang-raped through the night, and through the weekend, guys from work and from his porn friends came over to rape the bitch me. He had a leash chained around my neck chained to a bolt to the floor of the closet . I laid on the mildew mattress waiting for my next "John". I laid naked, bruised, abused, fucked, raped, covered in cum piss and blood. No covers I had to sleep freezing all-night till a guy woke me up to fuck me. The room was bare, only a few cameras and just two bowls with "bitch" on them , one with old still water that one guy spit into and cat food in the other. I was broken ...

part3- the actress

 