Blushing Nympho
by numbsain

Tina grew up in a very sexually repressed family. Her two older sisters are in their thirties and still virgins but Tina couldn't live that way. Not with her libido. So the minute she turned 18 and moved out she wanted to learn everything there was to know about sex. And at 27 she hasn't slowed down a bit. She's fairly insatiable yet she still has this shyness which is incongruous with her extreme sex drive.

Recently she got a job at a strip club and it's one of those places where anything goes. It's off the beaten path so the girls will often smoke or hang out in the parking lot and neglect to put on any clothes at all. Even when It's cold outside you'll see 4 or 5 girls just standing around with hard nipples and goose bumps and nothing on but a open jacket or a micro thong. 

I'd come to pick her up a little early one day and when I pulled into the lot she was standing in the middle of a group of guys bent over spreading her butt cheeks, showing them this little trick she does with her asshole while the guys took turns sticking their finger in her butt. As I walked over she waved to me and said,

"I was just showing these guys my asshole trick and—Oh my God...I can't believe I was just doing that...could I be any more obvious?...Sorry, I just thought they might wanna...see...my—God I'm such a slut."

"It's okay baby," I said, "you were just born hornier than most girls, everyone understands."

As I said this Tina started rubbing her clit vigorously with an embarrassed smile on her face, in fact she was turning red, but as usual she couldn't help masturbating right there in front of everyone. Her legs were apart and bent at the knees and her head was turned to one side trying vainly to hide her face. Her legs started trembling and her hand started moving faster in tight circles while she lightly flicked her nipples with the fingers of her other hand. 

"you guys should start playing with her tits and stuff cause she's about to cum right before your very eyes," I said.

"Don't tell them," she whispered laughing nervously and suddenly her face became strained and her whole body started to convulse.

"Hhhnnng! Hhhnnng! Hhhhnng! (gasp) Oh-HO go-HOD...e-HEX-cu-HUSE me-HEEE...so-HOR-re-HEEE...I'm so-HO ba-HAD!" she said barely able to speak while convulsing violently.

She always apologizes when she comes. Then she just stood there blushing and giggling. The first time I saw her do this I felt bad for her thinking, "aw poor thing can't help herself." But then I realized she's a brazen exhibitionist and there is no bigger thrill for her than completely losing control of her self in a sexual frenzy in front of a crowd of gawking onlookers. The more inappropriate the time and place the more it turns her on. She once pulled up her skirt and fingered herself off while standing on a crowded train because the guy sitting in front of her had his face inches away from her pussy. This was 3 years ago and the guy was me.

She walked back into the club and saw an older man in an expensive suit sitting a few feet away from the stage. She stood in front of him wearing nothing but her 6 inch spiked high heels and started fingering herself and blushing. Trying not to make eye contact, I heard her hem and haw for a minute and then say,

"I'm sorry, I know this is gonna sound really bad but I, I have to ask you, will you please, um fuck me in the mouth, please? Oh god, I'm sorry, I can't help it, I just like it. Is that really stupid? I don't know why I like it so much...I just want you to come in my mouth. Please? Geez, I'm begging, this is so embarrassing."

The man just smiled, got up and they headed over to the darkened couch area for a "lap dance." She held onto his crotch on the way and didn't let go until he sat down.

Then, right out in plain view, she knelt down in front of him, unzipped his pants and began sucking his dick. After a few seconds she stopped and said something to him. Then she slipped a condom over his erection and he grabbed her head with both hands and began slamming his dick into her face. She says she prefers it if the guy just holds her head like that because then she doesn't have to admit that she's doing it. About 15 seconds of that and he shoved the entire length of his shaft down her throat, tensed his whole body, then relaxed, lay back on the couch and handed her a wad of cash.

She got up giggling and red in the face. It was obvious she was embarrassed at what she had just done and that she was turned on by it. She was trying to hide her face and cover her tits and pussy with her hands which wasn't working. She stood in the corner facing the wall in shame for a minute but the idea of it was making her so horny she just started masturbating uncontrollably. When she started to come she looked back to see if anyone was watching. Everyone was so she stood their trembling and squirted the wall. Then she walked out into the audience and did basically the same thing to another guy. After about the fifth one, guys started to catch on to what she was doing so each time she went back to the couch a few more followed. By now she had a little audience going and they soon formed into a line. The whole time she was apologizing to everyone for being so slutty. They usually just smiled and said, "that's okay." 

Another dancer walked over and started talking to her but she didn't look happy. After a brief conversation they began trading off: Tina sucked one, the other girl sucked the next one, back and forth. I could see the other girl watching Tina for pointers and technique.

I was standing there watching my girlfriend suck off guy after guy and I was getting really turned on by it. Just then the cutest little Latina with a sweet face, and a tight little body walked up to me and said,

"Hi, I'm Precious. You've been given a pre paid gift, courtesy of Tina. Can I give you a blow job?" 

"Sure, I haven't had a blow job in so long I forgot what they taste like! Hahaha!" I said trying to be funny.

Precious couldn't quite muster a courtesy laugh but managed a courtesy smile. But that was awfully sweet of Tina. Sometimes she'd take care of me herself in the club, but she knew I had a thing for Mexican girls so this time she hand picked Precious and paid her to do me. She knows that men like variety and no matter how good the vanilla is at home, a little taste of "Dulce de Latina" is always nice to break up the monogamy, er monotony. And when its a gift from the girlfriend it just makes the vanilla that much sweeter.

Precious unzipped my pants and pulled out my johnson which was hardened from watching my girlfriend run around naked asking strangers to fuck her face. Pulling me by the pud with both hands, she led me over to a VIP room and pushed open the door with her butt. Wow! Tina paid Precious to do a VIP with me. The Vip rooms here were the best, a totally private place with everything you need for great sex--they even had showers in there. Inside the room there were two more girls, also of the Hispanic persuasion: Estella was a little chubby (one of my favorite flavors) with a face that was so sweet and adorable I just wanted to grease her up and take her home. Plus she had a bulbous and jiggly caboose that I had big plans for right away. Lucy was taller, more muscular with a high riding Brazilian samba dancer butt and all three girls had large, incredibly firm, perfectly shaped, but not false, teeth...what?...Oh, sorry, I meant to say tits. They were all the cream of the crop, top notch babes and they were all mine for a full hour.

I got naked and Precious led me into the shower which was huge inside. The three girls sponge bathed me from head to toe. I did a really bad job of bathing them, concentrating only on the parts I wanted to wash. So we were all cleaned up and ready get down and dirty. I sat on the edge of the bed and these three sizzling hot mamasitas stood in front of me naked and smiling. 

"Well we're here to make you happy so what would you like us to do?" said Precious.

"I'm kinda tired actually, I think I'll just take a nap," I said. They looked at me like I was crazy. Then I said, "I'm just kidding!" Then they looked at me like I was stupid, which I was...still am come to think of it. But at the moment I didn't really care...never did actually.

"First thing I want is for Estella to set that big beautiful ass of hers right down on my face and you two can have your way with me however you see fit," I said and they all giggled and took their positions. Estella climbed right up and stood over me. Then she grabbed a cheek in each hand, plopped her heavenly little puckered butt-hole right smack dab onto my flattened and extended tongue and sat there wiggling slightly while she fingered her clit. I couldn't see a damn thing, but I could feel Precious and Lucy nuzzle into my crotch and start lapping my nuts and shaft like an ice cream cone. Then one of them took my entire 8 inches (unofficially) in her mouth so deep I could feel her nose pressing against my pubes and she started sucking and moving her tongue around in the most incredible way.

It never ceases to amaze me how, just as no two zebras have the same stripe pattern, every girl somehow manages to find a way to reinvent the blow job and make it a new and unique experience. It's all a part of the natural order in the wild kingdom!

Well needless to say I couldn't take more than a minute or two of that, especially with my face surrounded by that scrumptious ass. I started splooging uncontrollably all down that girls throat and I could feel her swallowing every drop. She kept it there in her throat until I had completely stopped. Then she licked the drips off the tip until I started to soften a bit. Estella had raised up a little so I could breath better because I was panting heavily. But, as I lay there feeling like I could now die a happy man, I noticed little Estella who was still straddling my face, had started to lower herself little by little so that her dripping wet labia were lightly dancing across my lips and nose as she continued to finger herself. That was all it took to get me hard again almost immediately. 

"Rotate!" I shouted. "Estella, grab one of those trojans and slip it over me and then slip yourself over me."

"Wheeeee! she squealed, and we all laughed because it was so cute. Precious was now straddling my head and just smearing her pussy into my face and riding my nose like a jiggely jockey on jrugs. Somehow Lucy managed to position herself in a squat facing Precious and they were making out with each other while taking turns sliding their wet pussies across my face. At one point we had the motion down to where I could run my tongue from one chicks asshole across both pussies to the other girls asshole and back again in one slurp. Man that was some good eating!

Meanwhile, Estella was in impeccable equestrian form as she rode my tool at a full gallop. If I didn't know better I could have sworn she was squeezing her kegel muscles to grip my dick so she wouldn't fly off. Meanwhile Lucy started squeezing my nose with her asshole so tight that she had to have been coming. This made Precious lose control and apparently she was a squirter because suddenly I was drowning in whore-chata. Like dominos they triggered each other. Estella came so hard on my dick that she had to jump up off of me and she just stood there trembling with the cutest little look of confused disbelief on her face and both hands on her crotch.

I rinsed off my face, walked over, bent my knees so I could look her right in the eye and give her a long lingering kiss. It was like, for that moment, we were the only two lovers on Earth. When a working girl can simulate that kind of eternal bonding moment during a VIP, you've got to respect her gift. It's got to take something out of her spiritually...Note to self: big tip for Estella. It made me think of Tina because I still worry about her feelings when I spread my love around like that.

I poked my head out of the VIP room to check on Tina. Now she was on all fours atop an ottoman with a line for her butt-hole and a line for her pie-hole and I could tell by the intensity of her rocking motion that she was in the middle of one of her famous extended orgasms. I've seen them last up to ten full minutes of nonstop climax. 

"Un-be-mother-fuckin-liev-a-ble!," I said and the three girls crowded around the door to get a glimpse. It made us so hot we all looked up at the clock to see if we had any time left. 

"Five minutes? Chinga!" said Lucy with a cute little smile-pout "I didn't get no chorizo in my panocha." I picked her up, carried her to the bed, got on top and pumped her pretty pink panocha for three and a half minutes. Wasn't that sweet of her? You know, at that point, she just wanted to get her money and go home, but like a real pro, she said that and went the extra mile for me. We were washing up and I was putting on my shirt but ol' One-Eyed-Woody was still up at bat. 

"Next time remind me to bust a big fat nut in one of you ladies' back alleys," I said, not expecting a response but then I heard Precious say, "Ahem." I look over and she's leaning over the bed reaching back and spreading her buns with both hands exposing her luscious little dark star.

I looked at the clock! Thirty seconds left! I dropped everything and made a dash for it. 7 of my remaining seconds were well spent plunging my tongue deep into her sweet little ass to make sure it was lubricated properly and to bring my erection to max rigidity. 

"Ready?" I said.

"Ai papi!" she murmered, which translates roughly to, "Yes you silly gringo, would I be exposing my asshole if I didn't want you to ream it?"

"Of course not, how silly of me to ask," I responded. She was a little confused, but when I plunged El Grande Burrito Mojado Supremo deep inside her rump, all thoughts left her mind. And as if by an act of divine synchronicity, with 4 seconds left in the game, for the world championship, I made a dive for the end zone, fully extended, at the buzzer... 

GO-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-A-A-A-L-L-L!

The crowd went wild...Well, they would have. I did get a standing ovation from Estella and Lucy...Well, they were standing by the door waiting to leave. I tipped them each a C-note and I slipped Estella an extra fifty and told her to keep it on the down low. She turned around and gave me an extra kiss on the lips. Yowza! 

The hour went by way too fast but oh what an hour it was and afterward I couldn't wait to thank Tina for my Mexican fiesta. I came bounding out of the VIP room and there was Tina waiting for me with a big smile. I went to kiss her but she recoiled from me with a horrified look on her face and said,

"Not so fast koochie breath, I know exactly where that face has been."

"Don't worry babe, I washed my face thoroughly with plenty of soap and water and I gargled with Listerine," I said.

She looked relieved and went to give me a big open mouth kiss. I backed up and said, "Did you?" She smiled reassuringly and nodded so I gave her a big wet sloppy one.

Then she cheerfully said, "You remember: I washed my face and brushed my teeth this morning!" 

"Ack! Poo! Ptooey! (wretch) Gak! Phoo! (yech) Ptoo!..."

"Just kidding!" she said. "I'm all cleaned up and ready to go home." 

"You're ready to leave? I said noticing she had her waist length jacket on, her knee-high 6-inch-spiked-heel boots, her hat, and no bottom of any kind covering her jiggly white ass and clean shaven honey pot.

"Yup" she said walking out the door. The manager saw her and started to say something, then just shook his head and laughed.

I was wondering if she really didn't notice or if she was purposely not noticing so she could embarrass herself again. This was something she did a lot: pretend she forgot she was naked. We have delivery guys that come to the door regularly asking if our address is the one next door. I've also seen her just strip naked before answering the door! 

Hey if it makes her happy, it's fine with me. Actually its a huge turn-on and okay, I'll admit, I encourage it...a lot. We stopped at the quikie-mart on the way home and I asked her to go in and pick me up a six pack. She jumped out of the car and walked into the store with everything from the waist down showing. She was so casual about it that at first no one noticed but when she got to the counter to pay the guy behind her in line said something. She looked down, her face turned red as a beet and she ran out of the store giggling.

"Oh my gawd why didn't you tell me I had no skirt on? I just exposed myself to everyone in there! They must think I'm the worlds biggest whore. Gosh, do you think maybe I am?" "If you believe in yourself anything is possible," I said. 
