Snuff, necro


A SOLDIERS TALE - THE EXECUTION OF LADY JANE GRAY

As Guildford Dudley's body was brought back from Tower Hill, I was in the room where his wife Lady Jane Grey waited with the Lieutenant of the Tower, Sir John Brydges, his brother and deputy - Thomas Brydges, her two ladies and John Feckenham, Mary I's chaplain and confessor, who had been sent to Jane to prepare her for her death.  She was watched the cart arrive with the body clearly laying in the straw in the back, her husbands head lying at its side. I heard her breath start and clearly she was struggling to contain the emotion.  
At that moment as the time for her own execution was almost on us, the Lieutenant nodded for me to fetch two old ladies who were waiting in the outer room.  These were two midwives and they entered the room and begged Lady Jane's forgiveness which was gifted,  "Let us be done with this" says she as if she were still a queen. She turned her back and her ladies fussed about and took off her house gown.  My duty was to watch her at all times to ensure that she did not try to slip the bounds of justice so while others turned their backs to provide privacy I was left to stare at her as rthe sun light lit her up shining through her under dress showing her form. The ladies fussed at the front of her easing a breast out and squeezing at her teat.  The got close to it and teased it between fingers and looked for any discharge.  
Apparently unsatisfied they asked Lady Jane to lie down.  She was laid down by her ladies and the midwives pulled up her skirts and showed her bare legs up to her thighs.  She lay upon the palliass that was there for this reason, her knees lifted and one of the midwives put her fingers into her cunny and fished round in it.  Jane bit her lip as this was done.  After a few moments the midwives stood and helped Jane to rise.   A simple nod to the Lieutenant "She is not with child."
The lieutenant nodded "Madam I am instructed that the queen in her munificence has said ordered that instead of burning alive that your head should be struck from your body and that the time set for this has arrived and that we are now to proceed."  Lady Jane's attendants commenced to dress her.  Suddenly Lady Jane appeared to loose her  composure.  "Wait, please, a moment I need to use the privy"    "Madam"  The lieutenant said, "I understand but it is hardly necessary Madam, you know that it matters not at all."  Lady Jane  looked agast.  "Am I a common criminal to be left shit myself in death?"  "You will in any case madam, so it matters not.".  Then the priest stepped in,  "Lieutenant, I beg they this is no way to treat a Lady who was your queen, if it matters not let her have some dignity"   The lieutenant thought for a moment , probably about how this Priest was the queens own chaplain and had her ear.  "My apologies my lady, You are of course right.  The privy is out of the question but I will have a bucket brought for you."  She nodded and turned to face the window.   
A bucket was brought in and placed in the centre of the cell.  Lady Jane was assisted by her ladies to squat over the bucket while they held up her skirts.   She started a brown flow like a flux pouring out with farts and gaseous emissions.  It was clear that she was in some distress. But the time was given and she was allowed to continue in this vein for minutes longer.  Eventually it stopped and one of her ladies cleaned her with some linen.  "Is it a long walk" she asked  "Not far madam" the lieutenant replied.  "Then I am ready" she said.  A fine moment except for the stink that filled the cell from the bucket, and the thunderously wet fart that protruded as soon as she moved.
Our small procession then set off.  Lady Jane Grey was led out by the Lieutenant, followed by the others, to a scaffold in Tower Green, where she was to have a private execution, unlike her husband who had been executed on Tower Hill. Jane's ladies wept as they walked but Jane controlled her emotions. 
She was dressed. as she was for her trial, all in black, and carried her prayer book which she read from all the way".    On the way we passed a small room where the body of Guilford lay being attended by the morticians who prepared the body for the grave.  They were taking off his clothes as we passed and he was lying on the stone floor half naked his cock and balls visible.   Lady Jane stopped and stared for a moment. "Please move on madam."  The lieutenant said kindly,   "Is that what waits me? is that how I shall be treated?"  "Madam,"  He said, " it hardly matters does it?"   She shook her head and moved on.
The scaffold was a low platform in the centre of the green. A few short steps leading up to the platform which was edged with a banister and held a large quantity of straw amongst which would be the block.  The executioner stood to the side, wearing a black hood over his head, just his eyes showing, he was wearing leather trews but his top was naked,
As she climbed the scaffold, Jane turned to the  lieutenant.  "May I speak?" She asked.  The lieutenant agreed and she stopped at the head of the scaffold and after looking round at the small group of witnesses began to speak her last thoughts.  While she gabbled on I was getting into position to avoid her being freed by anyone in the small group.  The spectators were all here to see a young girl loose her head and probably were not interested in freeing her or listening to what she has to say.  As I glanced round I could see a few hands in skirts and a few men who's codpieces look a more stretched than normal.  The executioner stepped up onto the platform, his cock stretching his pants in an disfiguring manner.  These were the things that propriety had you avoid seeing.  My own member was pushing hard against my trews, but luckily was hidden by the lower edge of my jerkin.  
It was always like this when you watch the ladies getting stripped for burning, or whipping, or down to their slips to have their heads off, it makes you hard and some of them are grateful for all they can get the night before.  A week before this was the burning of a heretic who was to be whipped and have her baps ripped with hot irons before being dispatched on a slow grill.  The night before she was wild, pulled all her clothes off and begged for it in every hole, all night, till the blood flowed from front and back.  She became engorged with ecstasy and didn't feel anything. As the whip tore into her you would think it a lovers caress, and as her baps were torn off it was a lovers kiss,  I swear that she was squirting her juices onto the griddle and still coming with wild screams even as the flames tickled her.  
Lady Jane finished her jabbering and went down on her knees to bother God a bit. I couldn't see the point because if he was there waiting for her she would be saying it face to face in a few minutes.
She stood then and made a show of thanking her friends and servants who had come this far with her.  It was all for show as those close by could hear her faltering voice 
Then the show started as she pulled off her gloves.   I had seen the like in a tavern where a poor girl would get on the table dressed in finery and solely remove her clothes down to her petticoats in imitation of these things.  It was a throbbing experience and no mistake.  Usually though the tavern girl made a lot of pence as she tried to satisfy the lust of all in the sheds afterwards. 
Lady Jane was fumbling with the ties on her gown The executioner stepped forward and took hold of the gown top ready to remove it.  But she was not ready for this and stepped back with a start.  The situation was retrieved by the lieutenant who acted quickly and waved the executioner back.  "It is customary for him to assist madam, but here let your ladies do it.."   Lady Jane was shaking now and it was clear she was only a moment from loosing control.
The ladies took moments to unlace Lady Jane's gown and then removed it.  She stood then in her slips looking small and innocent and scared as she turned back towards the executioner.  Then we all stood then waiting the Queen's pleasure.  It was custom to wait a short while to give the queen occasion to put aside the passing of the sentence if that was her pleasure.  Jane stood praying her hands clasped before her  and her head cast down,  But you could see her shaking,  No word arrived and the executioner stepped forward. 
 
"Move to the straw if you please."  He said and pointed at the place he wanted her to stand.  Lady Jane moved forward slowly.  Each step seemed laboured and she was looking at the block as if she was seeing it for the first time.
 "Come forward and kneel, madam."  He pointed down to the straw that covered the floor before the block.   


 Jane looked at the executioner, her eyes wide and she was shaking in terror, she spoke quietly in a trembling voice, "I pray you, despatch me quickly" and then she knelt before the block "Will you take it off before I lay me down?". "No, madam"    Lady Jane tossed her head forward, out of the way of her neck, and put on the blindfold. It was then that she started to panic.   She put her arms forward trying to grasp the block but such was her position her knees where caught in her slip and even reaching far forward she could not feel the block.  "What shall I do? Where is it?" she said as she searched frantically for it, and as everyone stood watching she started to loose control and begin to panic.  I could hear bubbling from her back end.  A man in front of the scaffold seeing the distress  stepped forward and tried to help her.  As he did the lieutenant nodded to me to let him be and he came and took her arms and guided them to the edge of the block. She was able to shuffle forward a little and as she did the front of her slip was being pulled down, and as she leaned forward to the block her breasts fell forward and were exposed.   I was so interested in seeing these tits dangling that I almost missed the axe coming down and severing her head.   Her body arched as the axe hit and her legs splayed outwards like a cheep whore over an anvil.   From the stump of her neck a great fountain of blood erupted splashing out over the block, the straw and the front row of the crowd.  And at the back slip rode up her back and her water released. A golden shower of piss shot out of her across the   As the body lay twitching as the axe man lift up her head and showed it to the crowd.
Usually at this point the mortician come forward and move the body down to a cellar where it is cleaned and made ready for burial.  But today there was no warrant to move the body so the priest who was her friend went off to seek permission from the queen to move the body.
The crowd was moved out and the scaffold cleared and I was left there with the mortician waiting for word that she could be moved.  "I hope he's back soo or she will be dry and hard, No swivering then"  He said.  I though I had misheard him so I asked what he meant.  "Perk of the job." he said, "we gets to pull off  her drawers, if she has them on and clean her up wipe round her dungies and sell a look for halfpenny a touch for a penny and five minutes in private for two pence., 
Later a French ambassador was given leave to pass.  He stood for a while, then called to us to cover her.  "She is half naked. No way to leave a queen."  He was told  that we could not do anything until the Queens pleasure was known.  "The blood," He said, "So much blood from such a little corpse." Then he passed on. "I prey your Queens pleasure is quickly made and this child is put to rest."  I thought he was a cock in his fine clothes and wondered what he should be saying to us, who comes from such a bloody land.
 It was three hours before the warrant arrived by that time she had gone stiff and I was told to help the mortician move the body and to lend what assistance I could.  We lifted the body down to the small room and put it up on a table.  The mortician pulled up her slip and patted her arse.  "look at that" he said " what a waste."  He pulled off her slip, leaving just her shat in drawers. "They won't pay for this stink."  He laughed, and had me take one leg and he the other as we strove to pull them open.  She lay then like a cheep whore legs wide open while the mortician cut off her drawers.  Then with a bucket of water and using what I could see was Guilford,s shirt as a rag cloth he began to clean her up.  "Look at that shit hole," he said pushing three fingers into it.  "She and him must have been sodomising  for it to stretch so far.."  He turned her over.  "What a waste, look at the hair on that cunny, not much at all. You forget how few years she was, just a child."    Just a child or not, he pushed the rag into her hole and wiped it out.  "Has to be nice and clean for them that wants to get close, if you know what I mean."  He made a gesture with his arm to indicate a stiff member, and laughed.  I stood watching while he turned her body this way and that as he continued to wipe and scrub while outside a small queue formed and waited.


