



  =====================================================================
       T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E
  All stories in this archive are the property of the author.  They may
  be downloaded and read by private citizens.   They are not to be used
  by commercial web sites.    Persons using this material on commercial
  sites will be vigorously pursued by the hounds from hell, or my legal
  team, whichever is deemed necessary.  (These stories were written for
  adult entertainment and should not be accessed by children.)
  =====================================================================









			  Scroll down to view text



Archive name: ani.txt
Authors name: Homer Vargas
Story title : A NEW INFECTION

------------------------------------------------------
This work is copyrighted to the author (c) 1999.
Please do not remove the author information or make
any changes to this story. You may post freely to non-
commercial "free" sites, or in the "free" area of
commercial sites. Thank you for your consideration.
------------------------------------------------------

A New Infection (MC, Mf, FF, Fm, Cabinet, CNN, 
preg)
By Homer Vargas

	[Note: This story has its origin in "The 
Virus" by The Joker
http://www.mcstories.com/Virus/Virus.html

	That "universe" has been developed by 
several other authors, including Borris 
Ludmenkov.
http://www.mcstories.com/MadmanAndTheGuineaPigs
/MadmanAndTheGuineaPigs.html 

	and A4K Breakfast
http://www.mcstories.com/VirusAmanda/VirusAmand
a.html
http://www.mcstories.com/VirusOrigin/VirusOrigi
n.html

	from whom I took some of the premises of 
this tale.  Of course, I take it in a very 
different direction that is quite subversive of 
the major premises of the "real" Virus stories, 
so you might think of this taking place in a 
parallel "Virus" universe.

	I also acknowledge the help of numerous 
readers who caught many of my stupid mistakes 
before the rest of you could.  I especially 
thank Janey for proofreading, but since I have 
had my filthy word processor on it since she 
cleaned it up, brand new errors no doubt have 
oozed in.

	
A New Infection
By Homer Vargas

	Naturally, a number of myths and 
romanticized stories have grown up even in the 
few short years since the beginning of the New 
Age.  Many of these concern the first critical 
moments that made all the difference.  Did it 
really happen just that way?  Maybe not, but so 
the story goes . . . .

*****

	Dr. Mercedes Cortez was doing a routine 
gene sequence when the wail of the All Seal 
alarm froze her heart.  Putting aside false 
hopes that it was only a drill, the Chief of 
the National Institutes of Health Western 
Biodome looked at the maze of lights and lines 
to see where the emergency originated.  Only 
the gravest accident would require an All Seal, 
which severed all chemical and biological links 
of the Biodome with the outside.  Carved into 
the heart of a mountain, the top secret 
facility was virtually impregnable.  Until they 
unsealed it, Mercedes and the sixteen other of 
the world's elite women scientists working at 
the Biodome were as isolated as if they were on 
the moon.

	Amazingly, the All Seal order had come not 
from one of the laboratories, but from the 
communications center.  Trying to remain calm, 
Mercedes touched the appropriate videocom 
button and asked, "Ayo, what the hell happened?  
Who hit the All Seal switch?"

	The image of a tall black woman filled the 
screen.  "I did, Mechas.  Look at this!"

	Ayo Obkonko patched the television feed to 
the viewscreen in front of Mercedes.  The 
annoying CNN logo and fanfare was at last 
fading and the bearded talking head of Wolf 
Blitzer appeared.  "To recap the breaking news, 
CNN has learned that two days ago scientists 
working for Saddam Hussein released a virus 
into the atmosphere that has already spread 
over Europe and is expected to reach every 
corner of the globe within days.  The virus 
attacks and blends into the human genome, 
producing virtually a new species of human.  
Effects of the disease appear to be sudden 
massive physical, emotional, and intellectual 
change in women and lesser but still major 
changes in men.  Needless to say, there is no 
known cure for the malady and there is little 
chance of one being found, given the rapidity 
with which the virus is spreading and the 
dramatic nature of the effects.  For the most 
recent information, we take you now to our 
correspondent in Baghdad, Christiane Amanpour."

	The scene shifted to a pan of the Central 
Mosque as seen thousands of times from the top 
of the Ministry of Information headquarters, 
the place all the foreign correspondents in 
Iraq go for the most authentic information.  
Then the camera focused in on a gorgeous young 
woman with long, lustrous black hair and 
smoldering, deep-set dark eyes.  Mercedes was 
shocked at what she saw, recognizing CNN's top 
foreign correspondent, but just barely.  The 
image before her and 100 million other viewers 
world wide looked more like a slightly aging 
movie starlet than a serious reporter.  The 
cameraman didn't pass up giving viewers the 
full body shot that showed a luscious woman 
dressed in the shortest mini the religious 
authorities would allow, even on a kaffir, and 
sporting a set of tits that hadn't been seen in 
the Old World since Gina Lolabrigida was a 
filly.

	"Hi, folks," chirped the painted lips of 
the remade journalist.  "They want me to tell 
you about what this virus thingy is doing here 
in . . . uh? . . . here.  So far as I can tell, 
it's doin' lotsa good!  Oops, I shouldn't have 
said that.  It's really going to be a problem, 
I think, the way all us girls are getting sort 
of filled out."  She paused to give her 
knockers a demonstrative little shake for the 
camera.  "How are we going to keep our guys to 
ourselves?" she asked rhetorically.  "Experts 
say . . ."  Here she broke off with a sly grin, 
"I wonder why they couldn't get any real 
'perts' instead of just EX-'perts?'"  The new 
Ms. Amanpour clearly had wandered out of her 
depth.

	"The Vir-us pro-du-ces an extra-ordin-ary 
in-crease in the lib . . .?"  The confused 
young woman stumbled over the text she was 
trying to read, "The libby? . . . the Libby 
Dole?," she giggled.  "That doesn't make any 
sense . . . .  Huh?"  She tossed her locks and 
cocked her head to hear the earphone better.  
"Oh, yeah!  That is sooo RIGHT! . . . .  They 
told me to say it just makes you want to 'do 
it' all the time," she grinned, nodding.

	"Thank goodness Jamie came over here with 
me to sorta keep me in line.  I know last night 
over at the palace talking to Sadammy I got so 
horny I was ready to <BLEEP>him . . . Oh, oh!.  
I guess they don't want me to say the 'F'-
word," she tinkled.  "Well let's just say it 
was hard to worry about what that big sexy guy 
may be hiding out there in the desert when 
you're wondering what he's hiding inside those 
cool 'jammies he wears," allowed the 
internationally famous correspondent, unable to 
suppress another titter.  "Fortunately Jaime 
got me back to the hotel before I did anything 
foolish and just <BLEEP>ed the <BLEEP> out of 
me. . . . Oh damn, I mean he and my producer 
took turns calming me down."

	"Oh, well, I can't think of anything else 
to say right now.  So, this is Crissy Amanpour 
for CNN in . . .?  Well, one of those really 
neat places they send me to!"

	Mercedes was unable to speak for a moment, 
then recovered.  "God!  This is awful.  I see 
why you had to act quickly, Ayo.  Thanks to 
you, at least WE are in no danger of 
infection."

	"Yes, but how long can we keep the seal on 
place?" Ayo asked.

	"We have a vast store of water and several 
months of emergency food rations.  It won't be 
very comfortable, but with power to run 
electrolysis for oxygen and scrubbers to remove 
the CO2 we can hold out her for months."

	"But it's still pretty hopeless, isn't it?  
Sooner or later we will have to unseal the 
facility and then we'll be infected, too.  Oh, 
God!  We'll all become mindless bimbos, like . 
. . her!" Ayo cried.

	"Not necessarily.  We can . . . ."

	"Hey, Mechas!  There's a call coming in on 
the Red Line!" Ayo interrupted.

	"My God!  The President.  Put him on."

	A familiar boyish face appeared on the 
screen.  "Good afternoon, Dr. Cortez."  The 
President paused, looking her over.  "Sorry I 
have to meet you for the first time under these 
circumstances."  As she listened, something 
about the glint in the Commander in Chief's eye 
made Mercedes wonder if he was referring to the 
global crisis or the fact that via TV images, 
certain kinds of intercourse were excluded.

	"Good afternoon, Mr. President.  Oh!" she 
exclaimed when she saw the President was not 
alone.  The camera unzoomed to reveal the 
entire Cabinet in session.  The First Lady and 
the VP's wife were there, too.

	"Dr. Cortez, I have been informed about 
your quick action in sealing the Biodome.  
You're in charge of our best microbiological 
research facility.  I'm afraid the bulk of the 
effort to stop this horrific plague will fall 
on you and your excellent staff.  I'm sure that 
you will rise to this challenge.  Aware of the 
responsibility that our nation, indeed the 
whole world, . . ."  Mercedes tuned out as the 
President was off on a speech about the key 
role of women in the global economy, but her 
attention was jerked back when she heard him 
say, "You know that women are found in various 
positions in my administration!"

	The Secretary of State blanched and the 
Secretary of Labor tried unsuccessfully to keep 
from rolling her eyes at the unfortunate choice 
of words.  Several of the cabinet started to 
snigger, but the First Lady silenced them with 
a murderous glare.  The Vice President, oozing 
earnestness, did not seem to hear anything 
amiss.

	"You can count on us to do everything we 
can, Sir," Mercedes replied keeping a straight 
face.  As the communication broke, Mercedes was 
surprised how attractive she found the 
President --he was a sleezebag, but a sexy 
sleezebag, she thought.

	Within hours Mercedes had reorganized the 
group's work, everything else being pushed 
aside to work on the Virus problem.  As soon as 
things had settled down at the lab, she called 
her boyfriend Robert to tell him she would not 
be coming home for - she wished she knew when 
she could return.

	"OH darling, I'm so proud of you, but does 
this mean we can't . . .?" he asked nervously.

	"Afraid so, Sweetie.  I'll be here until we 
find a cure or we run out of food."

	"There is not way I could . . .?"

	"No, honey.  The dome is completely sealed.  
Not even air, not to mention a probably 
infected male can be allowed to enter."  This 
was not easy for Mercedes to say.  She was 
already missing her lovable if otherworldly 
poet.  He was not a prize catch by many 
standards -- only averagely handsome, certainly 
not rich on his salary from the University -- 
but he wasn't intimidated by Mercedes' fierce 
intelligence and sometimes monomaniacal 
dedication to work.  Under her tutelage, the 
sex was even improving.  She would miss that, 
too.

*****

	A week later things were going better than 
Mercedes had any reason to expect.  Her deputy 
director, Vivian Wu, had identified the Virus 
and determined its lineage -- an ordinary cold-
like virus that lived innocuously in human 
breathing tracts, never causing more than a 
sniffle.  The Virus's creator had chosen well; 
the body had almost no resistance to such a 
virus.  Shireen Kumanundawata had found the 
active sites on the virus that melded with 
human DNA to produce the changes in women's 
(and men's, it turned out) bodies and sex 
drive.

	Interestingly, the parts of the virus that 
effected the somatic changes were not those 
that reduced women's mentality to that of 
oversexed schoolgirls.  Again the Virus's 
creator had worked brilliantly.  Mercedes 
herself was the one who discovered that the 
other business end of the Virus attached itself 
only to the XX (female) chromosomes, leaving 
the XY unaltered.  Diabolical as this was, it 
at least key confirmed what Mercedes had long 
suspected, that men and women were intelligent 
in different ways.  It turned out that at least 
some different genes were involved.

	In other ways things were not going so 
well, however.  Her most recent call had shown 
that Robert was now clearly infected.  As 
Mercedes looked at him on the view screen, her 
heart beat faster.  Robert had grown so 
handsome!  His shoulders were broader, waist 
trimmer, butt tighter, abs flatter; he appeared 
to have gained a couple of inches in height, as 
well.  Damn, he had become a studmuffin and was 
totally out of her reach!  "You're not doing 
anything foolish, are you darling?" she 
inquired.

	"No, honey, but . . ."

	"But what, Robert?  Is it another woman?" 
Mercedes demanded suspiciously.

	"Well, yes, but I haven't DONE anything.  
It's just that Ruth Morris, she's been hinting 
. . . ."

	"Well, let her hint.  You leave her alone,"  
Mercedes replied, feeling some relief she was 
careful not to show.  She knew Ruth Morris, a 
scrawny, red-haired, forty-year-old divorcee 
who taught in Paul's department.  Mercedes 
could not imagine a woman whom she should fear 
less.

	"Don't worry, honey.  I'll keep my hands 
off of her," Robert said, not too convincingly.

	Only after she hung up did her doubts 
return.  After all, Mercedes didn't know how 
the Virus might have affected the mousy 
professor.  And it was not Robert's hands she 
was worried about.

*****

	Weeks later things were getting dicey.

	Events on the outside certainly gave 
Mercedes and her team plenty of motivation.  
The scientists were horrified to see how 
quickly the Virus was turning society upside 
down.  Plastic surgeons were practically out of 
business, except for women of eighty and ninety 
who were desperate to attract younger lovers.  
Surgeons able to reverse tubal ligations and 
vasectomies, on the other hand, had more 
patients than they could handle.  Women who 
decided holding a job was too taxing discovered 
that their husbands or boyfriends had ideas 
about how they could pass their time, ideas 
that involved new additions to the family or 
first babies, even of women in their forties 
and fifties.  Single women gave up waiting for 
Mr. Right and let Mr. Whoever-Was-Handy make 
them pregnant.

	Sales of women's apparel shot up as 
millions of former career women ditched their 
conservative business attire, which no longer 
fit anyway, for slinky skirts, revealing 
blouses and spikey heels, only to have to 
change again as their bulging bellies required 
a hot new maternity wardrobe.

	A new de facto jurisprudence grew up: a 
woman who eliminated a rival for a man's 
attention could almost always get off lightly, 
pleading temporary insanity, if she could show 
she had gone over twenty-four hours without a 
proper fuck.  Women who killed men out of 
jealousy, although very rare, received no 
mercy.

	Outside events, on the other hand, created 
a morale problem for Mercedes as well as the 
others.  Last week, when she had called to 
check up on Robert it was a woman's voice 
crying out, "Yes! Oh, Yes!" that triggered the 
voice-activated videocom link.  Mercedes saw 
all too well why Robert himself had not 
answered.  The automatic camera zoomed in on 
the speaker, a voluptuous woman with long 
flaming red curls riding Robert's upthrust 
prick, crying out and coming repeatedly.  Oh 
God, Mercedes thought, could that be Ruth 
Morris?  As if that were not bad enough, she 
then noted Robert's head, or rather where it 
should have been.  There, grinding her muff 
into Robert's mouth was a younger version of 
Ruth, screaming in orgasms of her own, "Oh Mom, 
he's eating meeeee! . . . He's got his tongue 
in my . . .  Ayyy!  I'm coming so good, Mom."  
Mercedes broke the connection in disgust.

	At the next staff meeting most of the other 
women reported similar problems.  The lack of 
sex had them frustrated, jealous, and bitchy!  
"Dammit, Mechas.  Here we are slaving away like 
nuns for humanity, or at least for femininity, 
and our husbands and boyfriends are off 
screwing everything in sight," Bridgett Lafonte 
exclaimed in ire.  "I'm tired of getting off 
with my hand up my twat night after night.  I 
need a real fuck!"

	"Me, too," added Kimberly Bradshaw.

	"Oh, God, yes!  I need my Leroy," Vivian Wu 
complained.  "I can't think straight without 
that big black python up in me every night!"

	"Now, now, ladies!  Don't go gettin' so hot 
'n bothered," drawled Mary Jo Lipscom, a lanky 
Texan who was the Biodome's Ms. Fixit.  "I like 
a nice hunka raw meat packed into m' pussy's as 
much as the next girl, but let's be practical."  
All eyes turned to the big blonde with her 
boots propped up on the desk in front of her.  
Indeed, she didn't look nearly as uptight as 
the other women.  "I don't like knowin' that m' 
Billy Bob is off bangin' his Aint Josey 'n' her 
girls, but since I cain't do anythang about it 
riot now," she paused long enough to indicate 
that in the future Billy Bob was probably going 
to pay dearly for his fun, "I just make do with 
Billy Bob, Sr."

	There was a gasp of amazement when the 
assembled women saw what Mary Jo was talking 
about.  Leaning forward, she drew out a hugely 
wicked-looking dildo, black as night.  Another 
gasp went around the room when she sat the base 
of the implement on the desk and a low-pitched 
vibration reverberated through the room.  
"Yessir, ever night I jus' slip old Billy Bob 
Sr. in there where he'll do me the most good 
'n' git off a buncha times.  Sleep like a baby.  
If any of you girls would like to drop 'round 
for some help, the US Gummit has put some of 
the finest plastic in-jecshun moldin' equipment 
money can buy in my workshop.  I'd be happy to 
whip you up a personalized set."

	"A set?" someone asked.

	"Well, yeah.  Unless you are ONE lucky 
woman, I'd recommen' startin' with a plastic 
pussy pleaser that's only a teeny bit longer 
and thicker than your current boyfriend's dong.  
Graj'ly. you can work up to a real four- or 
five-inch thick prod that can provide some gen-
you-wine simulated fuckin'."

	"'Course, if ya cain't wait, I could share 
the Hardy Boys with somebody," she said, 
holding up a double-headed dildo with one 
phallus considerably larger than the other.  
For a moment shocked silence reigned, but to 
everyone's surprise Tammy Bostrop, the little 
high-school girl who had been trapped in the 
Biodome while delivering papers, got up and 
slid into a seat next to the big woman.

	"I'm sorry, Ms. Lipscom," the child sobbed, 
"I just miss my Tommy so much."  Mary Jo pulled 
the girl into a comforting embrace and kissed 
her tenderly.  Tammy's sobs died away as Mary 
Jo opened her blouse to release her big boobs 
from confinement and Tammy began gently to 
suckle them.  Soon her sobs turned to little 
whimpers of pleasure as Mary-Jo's hand slipped 
between Tammy's legs and found her clit.  It 
appeared the Hardy Boys would have a busy 
night, or perhaps, again, they would not be 
needed at all.  There was an embarrassed pause 
and more than one hand disappeared beneath the 
table before the meeting turned to the topic of 
microbiology.

	In the next few days, Mary Jo's workshop 
was quite busy.  It didn't take Mercedes long 
to notice the difference, either.  Productivity 
was back up and squabbling almost disappeared, 
although the moans and cries of ecstasy in the 
makeshift quarters at night could make sleeping 
difficult.  Mary Jo had offered to make 
portable devices that could be worn at all 
times, but Mercedes outlawed these, finding 
they reduced tensions altogether TOO much.

	Most of the women unimaginatively named 
their new helpmeets after their most recent 
lover.  A few, however, chose whimsical 
appellations reflecting their personal 
fantasies.  Some of these were obvious, "Miles 
and Miles of Naismith," "Bit-Bard's Big 
Banger," "Frank's Real McCoy," but no one could 
figure out why their intern, Monica Lou Insky, 
named her new companion, "Slick Willie."

*****

	As more weeks wore on, Mercedes was pleased 
with the progress on a number of fronts.  The 
group now knew how the Virus attacked the genes 
to destroy women's intelligence.  There was no 
time to focus on any of its other effects nor, 
Mercedes grinned, much motivation.  The 
conceptual breakthrough came from Vivian Wu, 
who realized that what was needed was not a 
vaccine -- the Virus had already altered the 
DNA of the infected host -- but a new infection 
altogether.  With that insight Mercedes could 
organize efforts to create a new virus that 
would attack the modified DNA of the infected 
host and modify the genes for intelligence in 
women yet again.  This would be merely applied 
lab work.  Another week or so would do the 
trick.

	"Mechas!  A call on the Red Line," Ayo 
informed excitedly.

	The President's broadly smiling face 
appeared on the little screen once more.  He 
looked happy -- entirely too happy, Mercedes 
thought.  "Good morning, Mercedes.  We've been 
thinking about you," the President said.

	"Thank you, Mr. President.  We have been 
doing everything we can to defeat this thing.  
I'm happy to tell you I think we are almost 
there."

	"Well, that's what I wanted to talk to you 
about, Mercedes.  I've had the boys at NSA, 
DIA, OMB, and the FRB looking into this Virus 
business.  We've concluded there's really 
nothing to worry about.  In fact, they tell me 
it's doing the country a lot of good.  Why, the 
new projections for Social Security show that 
the baby explosion we've got going will have 
the Trust Fund in the black for a century.  So, 
I've decided to call off your work out there.  
Of course I really do appreciate what you and 
the girls have been trying to do and I'd like 
you to come to Washington in a few days and let 
me show you just how grateful I am!"

	"The pig!" thought Mercedes.  Yeah, she 
could imagine that "the boys" couldn't see 
anything wrong with a world full of bimbo 
sexpots.  And she could guess how the President 
intended to say, "Thank you," too.  He'd 
probably knock her up if Robert didn't beat him 
to it.

	"Is this an official decision, Sir?" 
Mercedes inquired, playing it straight.

	"Of course, the whole Cabinet agrees, don't 
you, guys?"  The camera panned the oblong table 
where it was obvious there was no dissent.  
Most of the men, trimmer and with more hair 
than before, were nodding agreement.  The 
voluptuous and amazingly rejuvenated Secretary 
of State, though, was not paying much 
attention, apparently too busy pulling aside 
her panties to let the Secretary of Defense 
give her a delightful little finger fuck.

	The Secretary of Labor was similarly 
distracted, holding her miniskirt up to let the 
Secretary Housing and Urban Development inspect 
her tummy.  Proudly he was patting the 
unmistakable little bulge that had resulted 
from a late-night meeting at which had started 
when he undertook the development, but would 
end only when she went into labor.

	The VP's wife was looking down over her 
enormous rack in adoration at her husband who 
oozed earnestness as she ran her fingers 
through his thick blond curls with one hand 
while with the other she fingered her dripping 
pussy.

	The Secretary of Health and Human Services 
had no complaints about the Virus's effects.  
Until a few weeks ago, she hadn't gotten laid 
for years.  Now with her newly cinched waist 
and large firm boobs and having started 
dressing like a woman again, Madam Secretary 
found even her hunky interns giving her the 
eye.  She was pretty sure that Jack, the one 
she had taken home, was just playing out a 
fuck-mommy fantasy every night, but she didn't 
care what he was going on between his ears, so 
long as what going on between his legs kept her 
happy.  She grinned, thinking of his face when 
she told him he had gotten "Mommy" pregnant!

	The Attorney General's mind was elsewhere, 
as well, planning the fiesta for that night.  
She bet she would be the first Cabinet 
Secretary in history to pull a train for the 
entire corps of US Attorneys AND three Special 
Prosecutors.

	Mercedes would have asked the First Lady's 
opinion, but thought better of it when she 
noticed the top of a blonde head bobbing up and 
down between the President's legs.

	"Sir, we have almost finished.  I believe 
we can reverse the worst effects of this bug, 
if you will just let us continue," Mercedes 
pleaded without much hope.

	"Sorry, my dear, I order you to stop work 
and unseal the facility."

	"In the name of humanity, Sir, I refuse."

	"You'll have to open the facility Mercedes.  
We are prepared for your intransigence.  If you 
do not follow my order, I will have the power 
cut.  Soon you will be without breathable air.  
Then you can choose between becoming happy sexy 
women and asphyxiation.  Have a nice day!"  A 
ruthless sleezebag, Mercedes concluded, 
amending her earlier opinion.

	"How long will our backup power last, Mary 
Jo?" Mercedes asked, near desperation as the 
lights dimmed briefly.

	"The BATTERIES will last only about six 
hours, Mechas," the big girl grinned, "But I 
don't think all the President's men remembered 
our flywheel.  It weighs seventeen tons and is 
spinning at 15,000 rpms.  We can draw power 
from that sucker for a week."

	"And even after we open the air vents, we 
will still have a day or so before the 
infection makes us . . . makes us . . . too 
silly to work," Bridgett added.

	"OK ladies.  That gives us ten days.  You 
know what you have to do.  Let's do it!" Mechas 
ordered.

*****

		Ten days later Mercedes called everyone 
together for the final meeting.  Outside air 
had been coming into the Biodome for seventy 
two hours and Mercedes could tell she and all 
her team were infected with the Virus.  The 
physical changes already were evident.  Her own 
bust had increased by two inches at least and a 
growing, giggly horniness made it difficult to 
keep her mind on business.

	"Do you think it'll work?" Ayo asked.  The 
large pretty black woman had always been 
curvaceous, but in the last two days she had 
become mouthwatering.  "I'm not sure I even 
care.  I just want to get home to my Carlos.  
I'm going to see if he still wants to screw 
those high school girls he coaches when he's 
got a real woman."  She smirked and wiggled her 
tight, eyepopping butt.

	"There's only one way to find out, ladies.  
Drink up!" Mercedes indicated the small cups 
distributed around the table and one by one 
each woman drank down the pink liquid.  "And 
that is that!" Mercedes said with finality.  
"With your permission I suggest we wait until 
tomorrow morning to unseal the main entrance.  
Right now there is something I have been 
wanting to do for a long time."  A little cheer 
went up as Mercedes drew the petite but curvy 
form of Vivian Wu into a sizzling kiss that did 
not go unreciprocated.

	The next morning the entrance opened by a 
time device and allowed an armed SWAT team to 
storm into the Biodome.  The men felt 
considerable embarrassment when the most 
threatening thing they found was rooms full of 
semi-naked women lying asleep in each other's 
arms or making slow, passionate love.

*****

	"But, Vivian, can't you see, deconstruction 
of a text ALWAYS requires attention to the 
semiotic conventions of time and place.  I find 
your attempt at a-historical analysis futile, 
at best.  A deeper analysis . . . uuh, yes, a 
little deeper.  DEEPER, Darling.  You KNOW how 
Mommy likes that.  Oh, oooh, OOOOH!," Mercedes 
groaned, not to Vivian, but to Robert, who had 
been dutifully tonguing his wife's snatch to a 
series of gentle orgasms while the two women 
talked.

	This was Monday and Mercedes always started 
the week over at Vivian's house discussing 
literary criticism.  Tuesday was philosophy 
with Ayo and Wednesday she used for quantum 
cosmology with Bridgett.  Thursday was devoted 
to political science with Monica Lou; and on 
Friday she and Mary Jo talked engineering.  
Weekends she kept for herself -- and Robert 
except occasionally when Christiane was out of 
town and she sent Jamie over for safekeeping.

	"Mechas, my dear, you simply fail to 
recognize the importance of STRUCTURE.  A 
hermeneutical exegesis of a messages can no 
more be disguised by convention than can the 
language in which it is transmitted.  With a 
little more time I know I can explain it to 
you.  I'm really so close.  YES!  So CLOSE.  
AYYYYY!" 

	Vivian paused in her discourse to allow a 
thunderous orgasm to take her.  She didn't mind 
the interruption, as she always said a good 
come clears the head and sharpens the analysis.  
Fortunately, in her husband Leroy, Vivian had 
the services of one of the best analysis 
sharpeners in the business.  After a dozen or 
so comes this afternoon she felt quiet well 
honed, but a little sleepy, too.  She looked 
over at the lolling head of the beautiful, 
dark-skinned girl beside her and smiled.  
Notwithstanding her friend's remonstrance, 
Robert had Mercedes nearly orgasmmed out.

	A nod of Vivian's head sent the two men 
away to cook, or change diapers, or whatever it 
was that men did.  Mercedes could see what her 
sexy friend had in mind and scooted her face 
between Vivian's legs.  With a grace that comes 
from frequent practice each woman deftly 
adjusted her pregnant belly so the bulge did 
not prevent the other's easy access to her 
pussy.  Gently, they kissed and sucked each 
other to a last sleepy orgasm of the afternoon.

*****

	In the first interviews with the "Biodome 
Seventeen," as the media dubbed them, Mercedes 
and her team gave the impression they knew 
exactly what they were doing and fully expected 
the results.  Some historians who have looked 
carefully at the lab notes are not so sure the 
investigators realized that the virus they 
created would not only reverse the 
intelligence-destroying effects of the first 
virus, but would actually make women over twice 
as smart as men as it spread through the 
population.  Intended or not, the consequences 
are those that we now see and enjoy.

	Whereas the effects on women's minds are 
clearly the results of the new infection, 
different theories account for the changes in 
men's behavior.  Some think the new virus has 
made males less aggressive and, therefore, 
easier for their women folk to keep at home.  
Supporters of this theory point to the 
disappearance of Bruce Willis and Mel Gibson 
movies, demands from men for sequels to films 
based on Jane Austen novels, and men's utter 
absorption by magazines like "House and 
Garden."  They also adduce changes in sports as 
well.  Football and other contact sports have 
disappeared, but the boys do enjoy watching 
those top-heavy girls try to figure skate.

	Others suggest women have to keep men out 
of public life in order to protect them from 
other women who are not only smarter, but who 
can screw them into submission at the slightest 
disagreement.  Knowing men's vulnerability, 
wives and girlfriends wisely keep them home, 
where they are relatively safe from 
exploitation.  Imagine a man trying to turn 
down a saleslady if his woman were to allow him 
to go out to buy his own clothes!  Why, she 
would just take him in the back of the store 
and fuck him until he didn't know one side of a 
credit card from the other.

	Still other observers point out that men 
stay home because for the first time in human 
history they can have all the sex they want 
without having to go out to slave, lie, steel, 
and kill to get it.  With women in charge, the 
world is so rich and peaceful it hardly 
requires then to work.  Since child rearing and 
household chores are not their concern, women 
can indulge themselves with large families.  
Occasionally, a man may be reluctant to take on 
the burden of another child, but that 
reluctance never lasts long when his woman has 
decided he's going to make her pregnant again.

	Most people, however, feel there is really 
nothing to explain.  Everybody knows men just 
naturally want to let their constantly pregnant 
wives keep them screwed silly while they stay 
home and take care of their burgeoning 
families.  It is just another demonstration of 
the Goodness of our Creator and Her divine 
Providence.

The End

Comments to Homer Vargas
The_story_writer@yahoo.com
