The Video Gamer's Sex Stories
Volume 32: Star Wars: Galactic Battlegrounds - Geonosian Flourish
Rating:    NC-17
Pairings:  Naat Reath/workers, oral, nc, first
Summary:   Jedi padawan Naat Reath is captured by a group of Geonosian
           workers on Sarapin. They'll try to get what they want, but
           will it be worth the risk of pushing the young girl over the
           edge and into the Dark Side?


    The volcanic world of Sarapin was indeed an inhospitable place, but 
neither Echuu Shen-Jon nor his young female apprentice, Naat Reeth, had 
much say in the matter. Both had been ordered to establish a base on 
the planet with which to take back the key energy-producing facilities 
that had been destroyed prior to the Battle of Geonosis. Between the 
loss of power to much of Coruscant and the deaths of many good Jedi, 
Echuu was rapidly spiraling down a hasty path that would ultimately 
lead to his undoing.

    Not even allowing himself time to procure worker droids to assist 
in establishing a beachhead, he landed his transport perilously close 
to one of the few remaining Confederacy camps. The Jedi Master was 
still mourning the loss of his recent padawan, Naat's older brother 
Stam, and foolishly bade her to stay behind while he scouted the area 
for the best possible venue to attack.

    It did not take long for a mounted trooper patrolling the perimeter 
to spot him, weak enough in the Force from so much pent-up grief to 
severely compromise his stealth. In a moment of panic, Echuu rushed 
towards the enemy's headquarters to put even more distance between his 
men and the fight -- saving them but only hastening his own death. Naat 
at once felt her Master's dire shock ripple through the Force and knew 
the overwhelming odds he faced, but the accompanying clone troopers 
wisely held her back from rushing to join him. It would have been a 
futile gesture.

    With the command center's batteries raining down as well as a squad 
of battle droids to contend with, Echuu did not last long. Finally hit 
square in the back by an explosive barrage from the installation's 
turbolasers, his body shuddered out of existence to merge with the 
Force. His robes, free of their corporeal support, drifted gently to 
the floor before being trod upon by a squad of mounted orrays. Naat 
could only stifle her tears, knowing the Republic's failure was nigh.

***

    Despite the defeat of Dooku's army at the hands of the galaxy's 
most skilled warriors, his droid soldiers were far from unintelligent. 
Immediately after neutralizing the Jedi Master, they radiated out from 
the engagement site, knowing that any reinforcements would have no 
chance of escaping the lava-fenced island if they acted quickly.

    Naat's bodyguards battled valiantly, but in vain. Although 
genetically programmed to fight to the last man, seeing the god-like 
Jedi figure fall greatly sapped their spirit. After realizing the 
uselessness of the situation, the remaining men surrendered their arms, 
solemnly allowing themselves to be led at gunpoint towards the enemy's 
Command Center. The teenaged Jedi relinquished her lightsaber, ready to 
follow, when a short, squatty Geonosian suddenly grabbed her by the arm.

    A brief argument ensued, during which the worker and a battle droid 
both insisted on custody of the girl. Eventually, more out of abject 
confusion than anything else, the mechanical combatant gave up. It was 
doubtless unfamiliar with its ally's curious insistence on handling the 
matter, but Naat understood what had transpired with a chilling calm. 
Jedi girls were forbidden to love as part of their oath, and that made 
them highly sought after by those who relished enjoying something that 
had to be taken by force.

    As Naat watched with numbing horror, her cloned compatriots were 
given a cursory strip of all remaining worthy equipment, then swiftly 
herded into one of the camp's prefabricated shelters -- most likely for 
summary liquidation. With a grimace, she wished desperately that her 
training had been advanced enough to perform a force-pull of her 
lightsaber from where it dangled on the Geonosian's waist. If anything, 
she could have at least snapped the blade alive and thrust it through 
her belly, rather than suffering enslavement at the hands of these 
monsters.

    She truly expected to be brought to another of the housing 
structures for 'examination', and was so lost in her own woeful 
thoughts that the Geonosian had dragged her halfway to the animal 
nursery instead before she even noticed. Any curiosity about the odd 
choice to deliver a prisoner was quickly dashed when Naat noticed that 
they were no longer alone. From all over the compound, eager-looking 
workers were dropping their farming implements, carbon extractors, and 
hunting prods to follow. There were at least ten by the time she was 
shoved roughly through the opening of the barn-shaped building, landing 
in a pile against the far wall with only a bed of dirty hay to cushion 
her landing.

    The crowd ambled noisily in after her, not at all paying mind to 
the curious chitter of a spindly Acklay peering out from one of the 
stalls. Their chunky forms obscured most of the starlight from outside, 
and Naat felt her sense of control slipping away as darkness closed in 
around her. She knew this was it -- their dark, sunken eyes radiated 
the same hungry desire she'd read from the mind from every male she'd 
encountered since entering puberty, only magnified by an astounding 
level of unwavering lust.

    Naat expected to be already on her back, getting penetrated in 
every available hole as hard and fast as the aliens could muster, but 
strangely enough they seemed content to watch her cringe like a 
cornered animal for the time being. Clearing room between her and the 
milling crowd, the head of the group approached her with a gentle, but 
insistent gait. The young Jedi tried to force a show of defiance and 
will into her face, but knew he could see her cringing fear through the 
facade regardless. 

    Already the brown-skinned humanoid was lowering his trousers, 
revealing a long, knobby rod that she couldn't help but stare it. It 
was bigger, rougher, and frighteningly thicker than the slim medical 
instrument she had used to take care of her virginity during initial 
training back on Coruscant. Naat wondered with growing dread how she 
would be expected to perform orally on the massive protrusion, and of 
course later have to take it up inside her delicate, unused womanhood.

    As the first one stepped forward, he seemed to trigger a domino 
effect among the others, who took it to mean that they were free to 
approach their female bounty. Naat scooted away until her back was 
firmly pressed against the wall, but the move bought her only a second 
or two more of chastity before the Geonosian was in position. Grabbing 
under her chin, he let one lip curl up in a pleased sneer as his 
earth-toned appendage brushed lazily against her flushed face, to which 
the adolescent was finally able to respond with a look of rage and 
utter contempt.

    Disappointed that the girl was unable to at least deal with her lot 
in a properly subdued manner, the hulking male grunted indifferently, 
gripping the base of his rock-hard erection and pressing it firmly into 
Naat's mouth. She pursed her lips defiantly at the unwelcome intrusion, 
but was able to offer little real resistance as he slowly shoved his 
member into her wet cavity with a feeble, stifled objection in reply.

    Even as the brute savored the sweet feeling of an inexperienced 
juvenile orifice wrapped around his most sensitive area, the Geonisian 
was already working his way into a rhythm of rapid thrusting. His 
anxious comrades were busy as well, creeping underneath their upright 
leader and lashing grubby hands out towards the seated padawan. With a 
mouth stuffed full of cock, the youngster had no choice but to suck 
greedily on the phallus as others began tearing away her clothes.

    First to go were Naat's calf-length black pants. Not exactly ideal 
for the hot clime of Sarapin, the skin-tight material clung amorously 
to her legs even with strong arms pulling at the tapered cuffs. Finally 
giving up in frustration, one of them started groping at her waist, 
digging his fat fingers into the waistband and causing her to tremble 
from feeling a presence so close to her vestal temple. It vanished 
quickly, thankfully, but only because the goon had succeeded in pulling 
the garment down to her ankles in a crude zig-zag fashion, leaving her 
pink underwear draped tantalizingly between the young woman's knees.

    Desperately, Naat brought one slender arm to bear, the other 
unfortunately needed to hold herself upright. Coyly trying to cover 
herself with it, she provoked only jeers and laughter from the zealous 
crowd, and one quickly pried her tiny hand away to twist it painfully 
behind her back while a second slipped her panties the rest of the way 
off. She noticed with disgust that the ones in the back immediately 
began fighting over her undergarments, taking turns pressing the frilly 
material to their nostrils to deeply inhale her musky scent. Still, 
that was inconsequential compared to the knowledge that now there was 
nothing to prevent them from viewing her dainty cunny all they liked.

    The one positive benefit of going down on a huge alien prick became 
apparent as soon as the first whisper of a breeze began flowing over 
Naat's exposed privates. Instantly, her sweaty, glistening thighs and 
untouched vagina became the central focus of her suitors' attention, 
and forceful, insistent fingers began to press into every fold and 
crevice of her delicate loins. The gentle moans which escaped the Jedi 
apprentice's lips every time her inner cheeks were puffed full of meat 
peaked sharply at the first explosive invasion of a harsh digit into 
her lightly-downed passage. Eyes snapping wide-open, Naat let loose a 
mournful, guttural wail as she felt it press deeper within than her own 
probing fingers had ever dared, a single sad tear welling in one eye as 
she bore on giving her first blowjob, hoping it would drown out the 
burning spike ramming her twat open.

    Plowing his mate's mouth with vigor, the cruel worker moved his 
hand from under Naat's chin to the back of her head, thrusting himself 
forward mightily as she let out muffled yelps of protest at having to 
perform so enthusiastically. Helpless to but let him do as he wished, 
the captured Jedi continued to cry out mutely from the abrasive 
treatment her poor slit was receiving. Others were fighting the first 
to get their grubby fingers into her pink snatch, each invasive probe 
lubricated with spit not in an effort to make the going easier, but 
simply to loosen her up a bit. Besides having to put up with that most 
horrendous of abasements, the ensnared female had to deal with the 
relatively cooler temperature in the nursery which constantly blew 
across her pubic mound. Her light-blonde fuzz was standing on end and 
forcing Naat's budding flower to appear even more enticing despite its 
owner's mental aversion.

     Her rasping groans, however, were quickly ensuring that the smug 
Geonosian -- who was gleefully availing himself to a breathtaking (if 
unsophisticated) slobbering of his gnarled penis -- reach his peak with 
little additional stimulation from the teenaged youth. Each plaintive 
sough from Naat upon feeling her spongy vaginal walls give way further 
under the incessant finger-banging of the rest of the horde caused a 
delightful vibrating sensation along the length of the fat phallus 
sliding in-between her lips. In no time at all he was ready to blow his 
creamy load down her throat, but managed to hold it off for just awhile 
longer by easing back and enjoying the sucking sounds of the petite 
lass' unbidden efforts to satisfy him.

    When at last unable to stave off eruption any longer, the devious 
alien managed to resist showing any outward signs of his impending 
climax, desiring greatly to surprise Naat by giving her a first taste 
of cum without any forewarning. When he did begin to shoot ropes of 
creamy sperm into the girl's aware mouth, she was so taken aback by the 
hot, sticky cream coating her tongue that she swallowed the first few 
spurts without thinking. Awareness returning as the viscous fluid set 
off blaring alarms in her head, the shocked padawan immediately spit 
out as much as she could, expending enough force to actually dislodge 
the male organ as well. Coughing and sputtering as his semen flowed out 
and dripped down her chin, she remained blissfully ignorant of another 
imminent surprise.

    Recovering quickly from the spunky little Jedi's reaction to being 
injected with his gooey seed, the worker started pumping his erection 
furiously, determined not to let her resistance ruin what had been the 
best experience of his life. After she finished spitting out all she 
could, Naat raised her head and was greeted with yet more potent cum -- 
this time splashing warmly on her reddened face. She tried to turn away 
and prevent the stuff from getting in her eyes, but each instinctive 
swivel of her neck only allowed him to cover more of her innocent 
features. As the excruciatingly humiliating seconds passed, she soon 
found her cheeks and hair saturated with ejaculate, as well as an 
additional helping making its way in her mouth every time she opened up 
to moan again from a callous digit brushing against her sensitive 
clitoris down below.

    It was over -- the first round at least. Trying not to wallow in 
self-pity as she lay back against the nursery wall, pretty visage 
splattered with torrents of cum while workers continually pushed their 
fingers up her tender crack and the awful leader forced her to clean 
his prick off with her lips, Naat Reath boldly steeled herself for more 
debauchery.

***

    As she sat there, dazed, a few of the Geonosians took advantage of 
the momentary lull to relieve her of the rest of her clothing. Ripping 
the frail woman's blue vest open, they dug in and found the collar, 
cleaving it in two straight down her chest. Thankfully, the brutes 
managed not to choke Naat, but that still didn't save her the flash of 
embarrassment at now having her twin bumps on display as well. Fresh 
hands reached in to feel up the developing mounds, no doubt quite 
unused to the smooth texture of a human female's breasts.

    The less-abashing distraction lasted only briefly before the need 
for carnal gratification gripped another worker into action. A cold 
tingle in the small of her back told Naat that she was surely about to 
go all the way -- a moment longer of being pure before the next thick 
length pried open her nether folds and forced its way in up into her 
womb. Miraculously, that did not happen, and she instead found herself 
being dragged up onto her knees so that her lips could service some 
more cock. Dumbfounded, she accepted of her own volition this time, so 
awestruck that sucking on a few of the bulging alien members was more 
than an adequate trade to remain chaste for a bit longer.

    For the second time in a row, Naat found the aliens more interested 
in her oral charms than those between her legs, and rather at a loss to 
explain it. The next-in-line had just begun disrobing when she caught 
his eye accidentally, and he smiled deviously at her -- no doubt unable 
to believe his luck. It was then that the slim girl noticed how gawking 
the disgusting the creature's mouth was, finally understanding why they 
were so keen for her to suck them off. Female Geonosians must have had 
an abysmal ability to please their men so, and naturally, the chance to 
get an beautiful young Jedi to perform the act would seem foolish to 
pass up. There was hope yet for salvaging her innocence.

    Naat's mouth was still slick from being so recently inundated with 
sperm, so she had no trouble fitting the next (thankfully smaller) 
penis into her overworked oral passage. Just as she began bobbing her 
head back and forth to stimulate the fleshy tool, an additional penis 
popped out in front of her demanding attention. Certainly willing to 
comply if it meant keeping those nasty things out of her tight hole, 
the sexually-inept apprentice brought her hand up and grasped it 
snugly, massaging the knobbed protrusion with as much skill as her 
unpracticed hand could manage. Taking this as a sign that the girl was 
feeling more accommodating, a third Geonosian rubbed his prick casually 
over her slimy features, getting it nice and lubed up before showing 
her exactly where to hold it.

    Juggling three terribly clamorous male instruments was bad enough, 
but each also seemed atrociously intolerant of simply being stroked to 
bliss. Instead, they all vied for the coveted space between Naat's 
cheeks, simply begging to slide forward and enter her rapturous vacuum. 
She was so busy balancing her fragile ministrations -- carefully 
switching off after only a few laborious slurps -- that it didn't even 
occur to her how absolutely exposed she was in this position. If they 
wanted to, the rest of the group could forgo jacking themselves in 
queue, instead taking advantage of her exhibited front and back holes. 
The scary thought of having her quim penetrated was indeed formidable, 
but it couldn't hold a torch next to the terrifying proposition of 
having something that large crammed up her butt.

    If anything, that notion alone was enough to convince the immature 
Jedi to redouble her efforts. Sucking twice as fast and hard enough to 
leave the males breathless as the maroon-colored tips of their rods 
disappeared back into her soothing mouth, it was enough to bring the 
smallest one off in record time. As it wasn't currently his turn, all 
he could do was press his erection hard up against Naat's upper cheek 
and grunt as his semen flowed over her face, gushing across the bridge 
of her nose and streaming down in two rivulets past the adolescent's 
lips. And even though the erotic haze, she found a weak echo of the 
Force make its way into her mind. Knowing that she really held the 
power over these men nearly blew her away, and, lost in the moment, she 
let her mouth gape open in an intense gasp. Getting some more cream 
past her lips was nothing compared to such a revelation.

    The satiated worker was quickly replaced by one of his friends, who 
had been busying himself rubbing her small chest until the pink nipples 
were hard and erect. Naat had actually been nearly unconscious of the 
rest of the Geonosians, who were keeping themselves occupied by running 
fingers through her puffy labia and up and down her slender behind. One 
was even rubbing his prick along her unprotected side, unable to resist 
the gratification of such soft skin against his mottled manhood. She 
reached out, ripping into his mind in a way she'd never been allowed to 
do before. The sheer exhilaration of the situation made Master Yoda's 
warnings about straying too close to the Dark Side seem distant and 
unimportant.

    She knew what he was planning right away. The perverted male was 
only biding his time until fully aroused, and was going to enjoy 
parting her puckered rear opening before embedding himself within her 
up to the hilt. Naat allowed herself a delightful second to let the 
anticipation build, then lashed out purposefully with her mind to exact 
brutal retribution for the impending offense. The alien jolted quite 
suddenly, and she could almost see the dumb grin spreading over his 
face as his genital stump squirted feebly onto her beautiful shoulders 
and upper back. Smiling in tandem as she felt the sticky goo drip down 
her spine, the vengeful teenager simmered in vindication, taking 
distinct pleasure in sensing the lower lifeform stumble back into a 
corner, undeserving of mercy. Even as he collapsed onto the straw floor 
with a crinkling rustle, Naat could perceive the buzzing emptiness 
eating away at the pitiful creature's brain. Dimly, she could make out 
a far-away hum in the back of her own cognizance as well, but decided 
not to trouble herself in even letting the faint signal completely 
register.

    Empowered at not only how easily the ability had come to her, but 
how it made itself harnessable by even one vastly incompetent in the 
more advanced Jedi techniques. Still keeping up an innocent exterior by 
carrying on with the trifling exploitation of her body, Naat settled 
into a calm balance between her physical efforts and that of expanding 
her piercing aura outward. The Geonosians were an unremarkable race in 
the annals of the Republic, and after only a few moments of thieving at 
their thoughts it was plain to see why. They were and egregiously 
unfocused and instinct-driven race, making it teasingly simple to 
control their perceptions in this way. Now that Naat knew she was no 
longer in any danger, she wanted to take her time in wreaking her due 
vengeance, though with as little continuing degradation as possible.

    Winking through an eyelash full of dried sperm at an ogrish 
specimen who didn't even notice the motion, the impassioned apprentice 
snatched his consciousness in her grasp, toying with it and studying 
the amusing expressions before eventually growing weary and exploding 
out her mental energies. The worker shook with the same giddy vertigo 
as his partner had, then surprised her by rushing forward, clearing a 
path towards the serene-looking Jedi girl who he had no idea of knowing 
was behind his sudden loss of control.

    Caught a tad off-guard, but not nearly enough to break her stride, 
Naat merely turned towards him and offered her mostly-pristine forehead 
for him to cum all over -- with an inviting grin to boot. Still melded 
with his consciousness, she sensed another mind suddenly enter the 
link, and understood with a jolt of surprise that his proximity to the 
Genosian pumping her mouth had now bonded the three of them together. 
Sedately guiding this turn of events into an advantage, she forced out 
additional power into driving the two of them over into the dark abyss. 
Gratifyingly, they began to give way without much prodding, just as the 
first jets of gooey paste started splashing thickly down her gullet and 
across her brow. Pushing just a bit more, she forced the fellatee to 
withdraw and join his companion in drenching her sweet face. *That* was 
infinitely preferable to having to gulp down any more of their salty 
seed, and left half the Geonosians effectively incapacitated.

    The last one currently engaged in avariciously imbibing from the 
female padawan's womanly charms stumbled drunkenly, apparently affected 
somehow by the powerful tempest being controlled by Naat. Obliging him 
wearily, she took both hands and wrapped them around his quivering rod, 
pistoning both wildly up and down the fleshy cylinder until it began to 
vibrate much as she'd come to know from recent experience. Rolling her 
eyes back in her head, Naat looked away as she pointed the loaded tool 
towards her bosom. 

    Right away the worker began shooting himself dry, spraying a potent 
trail of ejaculate in lazy, crisscrossing lines as his penis jerked 
spasmodically. Before long, her entire front was soaked with the virile 
mess, streaking her neck, boobs, and stomach alike. There were even a 
few wayward squirts which came dangerously close to slithering down 
between her nether slot and contaminating that most sacred place, but a 
quick swipe of the hand smeared it harmlessly into her flesh. Standing 
up, breathtakingly dripping cum from nearly every inch of her nude 
body, Naat glared challengingly about at the sudden lack of suitors 
trying to fuck her. The soft buzzing in her head was a little louder 
now, making it hard to concentrate, but she couldn't worry about it at 
the moment -- there was business to tend to..

***

    The remaining workers seemed totally absorbed by the siren-like 
radiance Naat was generating. Her newly-found Force powers seemed to 
leak out and affect others even when she tried to precisely direct it, 
and a cursory glance at the floor revealed that to be exactly the case. 
The three lugs she'd just dropped were sinking into a weighty sleep -- 
one she knew they would never emerge from. The previous trio were long 
since beyond saving, rotting away in the depths of their own minds 
before the end finally took them. At least one was too faint to even 
pick up any longer.

    One of the still-living dizzily approached her, holding his firm 
erection like a guiltless child. Reaching into him, she discovered that 
he was anxious to do nothing but pin her against the wall so he could 
ram his unworthy member into her slit over and over again. It was a 
cute, endearing plea, but Naat was quite unwilling to put out for that 
particular demand, or any other for that matter. She was tired of 
degrading herself with their petty requests altogether, and decided it 
was time to end his travesty. Her head was aching hard now -- that 
droning just wouldn't seem to go away -- as if trying to split through 
her skull and escape. It was well past time to end this.

    Extending her hand out sideways, she waited for the mental click 
and felt the cool shaft of her lightsaber slip inside. Not bothering to 
wonder how deceptively easy that was, Naat brought the blade to life 
with a familiar *snap-hiss*, flourishing it confidently. The closest 
Geonosian simply let out a nerveless guffaw before promptly crumpling 
to the ground as his head was cleanly separated from the rest of his 
body. The others were further away, and the savage extinguishing of 
their comrade seemed to lessen the song she'd entranced them with, but 
only by a bit. It was enough for them to get a few nervous steps back, 
but not to prepare themselves for the bright flash of green which tore 
across their midsections. As they fell moaning, she stepped over their 
diminishing forms without even pausing to halt their misery, coldly 
meting out the same punishment as those who had violated her.

    Only one was left -- but by now the abrasive noise in Naat's mind 
had reached a flaming crescendo, burning lucidity and reason alike. 
Infuriated at how the loss of control had boiled so effortlessly as to 
stop her at the moment of triumph, she expended every last bit of 
strength into cutting down the last of the them. Lifting her arm high 
to deliver the killing blow, Naat felt will agonizingly draining out 
her body, and before even reaching the apex of her swing, knew it had 
already dropped. An intense backlash of energy from the Force engulfed 
padawan Reath, darkening all thought before her skull crashed painfully 
against the hard floor.



    She woke up to the worst possible situation that a woman could 
possibly find herself in. Having attempted the comatose state used when 
Knights traveled long distances in space without life support, she was 
thankfully able to implement the emergency measure before passing out 
entirely. Returning to the waking world was as laborious and sluggish a 
procedure as cold-booting a Jedi Starfighter, but even in the vitiated 
state was aware of a vacant empty space in her psyche. Much like the 
curious being Yoda had once used during an important lesson to her and 
fellow younglings, the Force had simply ceased to exist. The most 
frightening part, though, was that she knew a Ysalamiri couldn't be 
here. She could hardly bear to fathom the idea that her little stunt 
might have permanently burned out her abilities.

    To top if off, the last Geonosian seemed to be in perfect shape, 
not even slightly thrown off by the ordeal. If anything, he looked 
stronger and more purposeful than ever -- dangerously so. Naat finally 
caught her bearings, and realized she was lying flat on her back, 
staring up at the loathsome specimen as he stood over her. His dick was 
still nice and hard, pointed right at her like a weapon.

    Understanding at once his intent -- not by the Force or his posture 
but simply the famished look in his vacuous eyes -- Naat raised her arm 
and attempted to simply burn him off the mortal coil with that most 
infamous of Jedi powers. Master Echuu and the others had always warned 
her that trying to summon too much Force Lightning could kill not only 
the victim but the user as well, and she had used enough strength to 
incinerate both the worker and half the building. Feeling nothing -- 
not even an impotent fizzle -- was more heart-rending that she could 
have imagined.

    The Geonosian didn't waste any time. Naat drew her legs up to cover 
her precious quim, but he knew he had the upper hand at this point, and 
easily spread her lower limbs apart again. The desperate girl shrieked 
as he knelt down between her thighs, grabbing both knees to force her 
wide open for entry. It was agonizing being so thoroughly helpless 
after tasting the true nature of the Force, but somehow Naat knew she 
had run out of options. He reached under her, grabbing her taut butt 
and elevating the youngster's honeypot to an ideal level for rough 
penetration.

    Without even needing to guide himself in by hand, the alien easily 
maneuvered his cock just inside her pink labia, letting the thin flaps 
nestle snugly around the head. Then, he leaned forward in such a simple 
gesture, allowing the bulk of his sizeable body weight to impel the 
long instrument forward. Naat's virgin cunny, though still lacking the 
stretched-out nature of a girl who'd already had intercourse, was 
completely unable to combat such a forceful and prompt intrusion. He 
rocketed up her fresh tunnel, directing a sensation of fullness that 
she could never have prepared herself for. Her mouth burst open, 
emitting a wrenching cry that could probably be heard into the next 
parsec. Even as she tensed up, though, arching her back to cope with 
having her private place fully impaled, the Geonosian was already 
pulling out to stab her tight hole a second time.

    Watching her pubic hair bulge outward grotesquely as he pounded her 
crotch again, Naat sobbed loudly as he slid in deeper. The first stroke 
had been well past where her long-since perforated hymen would have 
resided, and now he was far enough past her defenses that every drop of 
cum would be able to soak into her womb when he eventually spilled his 
seed inside her. Hot tears welled in the corners of Naat's eyes as he 
performed another harsh stab, pummeling her loins with so much energy 
that is was clear he wanted to bottom out in her belly with the least 
possible number of thrusts.

    It was beyond humiliating to realize that the selfish animal was 
going to get the best fuck ever out of her. Not only was he reveling in 
being the first to introduce the inexperienced girl to the feeling of a 
strong shaft prying open her womanhood, but the revolting louse was 
able to experience Naat in her tightest and most pristine state. On the 
large side as far as genitalia went, it was likely the unfortunate 
Jedi's prim gash would ever be able to so exquisitely grip and excite 
any future lovers as it was doing right now.

    Her pussy felt worn and abused from the beating it was taking, but 
was growing strangely numb. It didn't hurt nearly as much anymore, and 
soon the battering became a blur of frenzied motion with Naat moaning 
in desperation as the capped pole continuously laid her most sacred 
chamber bare, always pushing forward and always seeking that spot 
within her where life would hopefully blossom one day. In time he was 
no longer able to be content with simply robbing her repeatedly every 
second what she'd spend a lifetime treasuring and started grabbing her 
delicate, peach-sized breasts with insatiable fervor. It was only by 
the introduction of sudden, higher-pitched tones of dismay in her 
ceaseless weeping that alerted Naat to the discovery that he was 
pinching her nipples crimson with each fierce grope. Too stunned to 
even think straight, much less worry about her tits being mauled, she 
simply shut down, lolling her head off to the side and staring intently 
off into space.

    The more the Geonosian despoiled her, the more the young Jedi 
understood that the only way the nightmare would end be with her 
girlhood getting shamelessly blasted full of thick streams of alien 
cum. Somehow, she'd suspected that from the start, even when dabbling 
in those dark areas of the Force. In a way, it would be a relief to 
just give up and let him inseminate her, shooting that disgusting stuff 
all the way up into her belly where it could do its job. When it was 
over, she could simply clean up and get along with her life. It really 
wasn't as big a deal as she was making it out to be, was it?

    Encouraged, Naat forced herself to become more lucid, bracing her 
pelvis for each bestial incursion. If her tender hole was going to be 
dripping torrents of sticky semen in only a few minutes, the least 
should could do was to fight back and not let him simply slip in all 
the way up to her cervix unimpeded. Of course, the increase in friction 
made the ugly brute think he was banging her good enough to get her to 
enjoy her own rape, but Naat knew better. Grinning queerly in an odd 
parallel to the Geonosians whose brains she'd recently fried, the 
ravished youth tried once again to tap her innate abilities -- willing 
him to blast her full of hot spunk. It seemed to be working, and the 
alien's gaping maw of a mouth returned what could only have been a 
responsive smile. Whether it was due to her own efforts or simply 
coincidence, she couldn't tell just yet, but it didn't matter. His 
prick was pulsing softly in her warm channel, and through Naat had 
never before encountered such a sensation, she knew immediately he was 
going to pump her twat full any second.

    Just then, at the height of tension, she heard the unmistakable 
*snap-hiss* of a brandished lightsaber. Fear and doubt mixed in with 
her fragile emotions, and she wondered briefly if all sense of 
restraint was slipping away, but the agonizing sizzle of a Jedi blade 
meeting flesh broke the momentary silence, and then a vivid green beam 
swiftly penetrated the unwitting male right through the chest. He 
stopped copulating immediately, struggling to free himself even as 
every bodily system foundered all at once. And in that moment of 
weakness, Naat's will broke his and he tried to stand -- his softening 
member mercifully popping out of her loose slot.

    The dying organ began discharging its last load of white goo, 
pasting Naat's downy hairs and vulnerable cunny without delay. She let 
him finish -- still dazed from not actually having to endure being 
knocked up -- but mastered her senses rather quickly as the figure of 
Echuu appeared in focus where her partner's brown flesh had previously 
rose up. Before he could speak to her, before anything could happen to 
disrupt the world she'd been lost in since what seemed like time 
immemorial, Naat had one final wrath to purge.

    Pushing him off her naked body with rekindled anger, she flipped 
her hand behind her back and pulled her lightsaber into it, pleased 
beyond description at the deluge of security the simple act brought -- 
the Force was with her again. As Echuu watched on, she ignited the 
blade and gripped it in two hands, sharpening her wits to ensure the 
lunge did not go astray. After feeling the utter calm of the living 
Force descend upon her, she let loose, crouching down and embedding the 
sword clear through the Geonosian's head. Holding it there as sweat 
streamed from her face from being so close to the blinding weapon, she 
watched as concentric circles surrounding the entry wound began to melt 
and fall into a rapidly-expanding hole that was once alive. 

    Only when the heat of the blade had started charring the worker's 
flesh into a black husk did she finally disengage, much to her Master's 
relief. She was able to stand up after such a monumental feat, but only 
for a moment before collapsing into Echuu's arms. He whipped off his 
cloak at once to cover her with, embraced his padawan tightly and 
deeply moved by the tears which sprang from her eyes to help wash away 
the day's scars. They were light marks, however, unable to compare to 
the marring that would have consumed her soul had her conscience not 
fought back against the power of the Dark Side. Against that battle, no 
other mattered.


10/17/04 - VGSS
Please feel free to repost this story.
More stories at http://www1.asstr.org/~vgss/index.html
Backup site: http://vgss.cyberfreehost.com
Email questions, comments, and suggestions to vgss@email.com