
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                               Sangrelysia

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

Seeing

   It was on our way to visit Delphia, in the cool of a clear sunlit
   morning, as we traversed the village cobblestones, that Sylvia
   insisted on a horsie-back ride.

   "Too tired to walk," she complained. "Carry me!"

   "Don't you think you're getting a little old for that? At ten
   years old, you're a bit heavy for me to lift."

   "Pleeeeeze?"

   Exasperated frown.

   Puppy-dog eyes, with erotic hip flick thrown in.

   "Well, all right. Climb on." I stooped down for her to mount.

   "Yay! Horsie back!"

   You may well picture what the town people thought, of the wizened
   Wizard in long grey robes and pointy hat galloping down the
   cobblestones with the deep crimson, purple, and dark green
   velvet-clad Princess on his back.

   On second thought, don't.

   The towering form sauntered out in front of us with a jaunty
   swagger and placed his feet wide, blocking our way. Dressed in
   earthen brown from head to foot, with heavy leather boots and a
   leather vest with a silver star on the front. A sword hung heavy
   at his side, and he wore a sheathed knife strapped to his left
   calf.

   I wheeled and skidded to come to a halt just short of a
   collision.

   "Constable," I greeted cheerily, "Top of the morning to you!"

   "Wizard, I'll get straight to the point. There's been a reward
   posted for your capture, dead or alive. Story goes that you
   kidnapped the Princess."

   "He's giving me a horsie-back ride," chirped Sylvia helpfully
   from my back.

   "The story is a lie," I said evenly. "I saved the Princess from a
   plot to assassinate her."

   "I was figurin' about as much, and you know nobody in this town
   has any quarrel agin' ye, which is more than I can say about the
   King. But beware. Vile men've been asking after you of late, and
   I've heard complaints of townfolk bein' watched and spied upon by
   shifty strangers from other parts. Sinister times are upon us,
   and ye would be well advised to watch your back."

   "Thanks for the warning, constable. I know I can count on you."

   "And Princess," continued the constable, "Don't go to rough on
   him, you hear?"

   "Me? No way!" replied Sylvia. "Giddyap!"
     ____________________________________________________________

   Delphia's house, surrounded by a black wrought-iron fence, was a
   masterpiece of masonry. An anomaly in its neighborhood of trim
   houses and cottages of wood and plaster with thatch and shingle
   roofs, the domes and arches of Delphia's abode rose with playful
   frolic, like a miniature wonderland castle inset with brick,
   stone, colored tile, glass, and whatever materials may have been
   at hand, with absurd orderliness, clumsy elegancy. Oddly shaped
   curves and angles askew cavorted like a troupe of frenzied
   dancers frozen in time.

   Stepping-stone islands in a smooth-pebbled gravel sea led to a
   bright orange front door, with two circular portals placed at a
   diagonal. Odd that someone who was blind would live in a place so
   rich with visual interest.

   We were greeted by a lad of about Sylvia's age, who ushered us
   into the dark, plush interior, rich with scents of aromatic
   spices and herbs.

   "So," Delphia leaned forward in her carmine-cushioned chair, as
   we sat on matching cushions on the floor before her. Through the
   condescending tone, her voice tendered an unaccustomed warmth and
   sympathy. "The Wizard has learned to curse his fate."

   "Wouldn't you say I was entitled?" I began crossly, but stopped
   short. Delphia was ever the expert at pushing those hidden
   buttons.

   She smiled wryly, her blindfold nacreous velveteen blue in the
   soft light that filtered between plush curtains.

   "You must embrace your fate, in order to let go of it. While you
   struggle, it is simply your fate. Once you have accepted it, it
   becomes your destiny."

   My eyes crossed as I attempted to decipher. As usual, she had put
   me a bit on edge. I had not come to hear vague reassuring
   platitudes.

   "Where can I find a dragon's tear?" I asked.

   Her grin was smug and cryptic. "I believe I can sense one in this
   room. Did you bring it with you?"

   "Well, no. I --"

   "Why don't you reach into your pocket?"

   I reached into the pocket of the robe-of-many-pockets, expecting
   the pocket to produce some odd, unusual object. A brine-filled
   eyedropper?

   My fingernail clicked on the familiar surface of the small
   crystalline globe. Laughing disdainfully, I drew it out placing
   it on my palm.

   "See? All I've got is this."

   "Let me see," she reached out her hands, and I placed the cool
   sphere between her palms. She held it up to her wrinkled
   forehead, its clear lens refracting the objects and colors around
   into weirdly stretched shapes.

   Seconds ticked past in the silence. The flame of the tall dark
   blue taper on the table beside her danced seductively.

   "Yes indeed," she muttered, almost to herself alone, "There is
   powerful sorrow in this one. Matched by powerful magic in equal
   measure."

   "What?!" I protested incredulously. "That's a dragon's tear? You
   mean I was carrying around the answer with me all along? Right
   there in my pocket?"

   "Isn't that always the way?" replied Delphia wryly.

   Sylvia wore and expression of puzzled distaste. I guess she would
   just have to make friends with her favorite crystalline globe.

   "So, then," I said. "What do we do with it?"

   Delphia grinned with annoying superiority. "Do not expect a
   dragon's magic to follow any sort of logic or reason that you can
   comprehend. This dragon's tear has found you and brought you here
   by following the laws of many higher dimensions which you cannot
   grasp. Its magic carries it through the twists of fate into the
   hands of one who will hear its sorrow."

   "You mean, it's controlling us?" I protested.

   Again, the infuriating grin. "The Wizard likes to be in charge.
   One studies magic in order to be in control of things. This
   exercise in realizing that you are not may teach that your
   seeming choice and self-determination are always delusional."

   "I'm getting enough of that lately," I muttered.

   "So how do we cure my boyfriend?" demanded Sylvia bluntly.

   "Ah, the Princess speaks. I have heard much about you, my dear,
   from the spirit world. Yes, great destiny awaits you."

   We sat for a minute in awkward silence, before Delphia continued:
   "In order to release the healing power of a dragon's tear, one
   must solve its mystery, to discover the dragon's source of
   sadness. It's like a message in a bottle, you know, that one
   might toss out to sea from a shipwrecked island."

   "So how do we do that?" persisted Sylvia.

   Delphia shifted in her chair, offering back the crystalline
   globe, the dragon's tear. I took it back from her, placing it on
   a pillow in front of me.

   She continued: "It is a great honor to be chosen for such a
   quest. These things do not fall lightly, nor at random. And now,
   the Ancient Mother would like to have a word with you."

   Sylvia frowned at me with an expression of impatience, and I
   shushed her silently with an open hand. For Delphia to channel
   the Ancient Mother herself was a rare event indeed.

   For those who sought to witness the spectacle of spirit
   mediumship, Delphia would often enough channel through the spirit
   of a recently deceased loved one or sage, generally producing
   some dramatic piece of information which could only have been
   known to that individual. Harmless entertainment, for the most
   part.

   The tumult in the spirit world must have been singularly intense,
   for such a primal entity as the Ancient Mother to come forth with
   a message.

   Delphia sat up in her chair, spine straight, hands placed in
   symmetrical mudras on her thighs. I closed my eyes as well in
   meditation.

   For several minutes, nothing happened, save that I could sense
   the approaching consciousness of a great other-worldly light, an
   indescribable iridescent presence of unfathomable caring and
   compassion, rich with the knowledge and history of the millenia,
   an enormous opalescent radiance of limitless love and prismatic
   wisdom, a softness and tender affection.

   I could almost hear with my physical ears the psychic ripples of
   sound, the wooshing of a tornado-like conical vortex, like a
   funnel over our heads as the greater entity drew down into an
   energetic focus that would resonate comfortably with human
   perception.

   "Sylvia, Wizard," came the words from Delphia's lips, but with a
   gentleness and affection I had never before heard in Delphia's
   voice.

   Opening my eyes briefly, I could see that Delphia was gone. Her
   body was still present, of course, but the expression and tone of
   voice were no longer hers.

   "Ancient Mother," I replied hesitantly.

   "Yes, Wizard," she replied tenderly, "It's me."

   The picture that came to my mind's eye starkly contrasted the
   corpulent big-breasted Gaia image typically conjured up by the
   words "Ancient Mother."

   I saw before me a young woman, thin and fair, with long wavy
   blonde hair spread out across her shoulders and chest. She wore a
   long white gown embroidered in gold.

   I knew the image represented only one aspect of the entity known
   as "Ancient Mother," who had a diverse array of physical
   representations, from which she chose the one that would best
   communicate with the person she was appearing to.

   Artists over the centuries had depicted such images in paintings
   and poetry.

   "First," she said to Sylvia, "I want to assure you that your
   mother and father are unharmed. The true King and Queen of
   Sangrelysia are safe."

   Sylvia took the news bravely, swallowing. A tear trickled down
   her cheek. "Where are they?" she asked meekly.

   "Fulfill the quest you are on, and they shall return."

   "What quest do you mean, exactly?" I asked.

   "The tears shed by the red dragon fell on the sandy shores of the
   Lake of the Virgin. It is one of these tears that you now have
   before you.

   "The evil sorcerer named Elwrong stole into the dragon's lair,
   and made off with the egg of her offspring. The Evil one bore the
   egg from its warm nest to the edge of the cold lake, where she
   cast it out into the middle of the frigid depths, into the heart
   of the deep and dark waters.

   "It is rare for a dragon to meet in the union which produces
   offspring, so the egg was precious and dear to the dragon, and
   with its loss came profound and inconsolable sorrow. It is on
   account of this that the red dragon has lapsed into despondancy
   and ceased to patrol the border, as she pines for the new life
   that was nearly hatched. Each of mother and child can feel the
   presence of the other, but without the warmth of the nest the
   young dragon cannot break through the shell and enter into the
   world."

   Now I understood the dark submarine chill I felt while looking
   into the crystalline globe. "So the egg is still alive?"

   "Yes. This was the design of the evil sorcerer: to disarm the
   border sentry in order to allow crossing into our fair and just
   land the poisoned influences of others like herself."

   "So," I said, "Let me get this straight: we're supposed to find
   this lake and retrieve the egg. Then we're supposed to take it
   back to the dragon's lair, which might be a tricky given that
   nobody has ever seen a dragon's lair, except for now Elwrong, who
   might be a bit less than cooperative when it comes to giving us
   any helpful information we could use on the subject."

   "The crystal will show you the way to the lake. It is several
   days journey by foot from your nearby abode, and a pleasant and
   scenic one at that. The rest will be made apparent in due time.

   "I do so praise with enormous gratitude the courage that both of
   you have shown so far. I know it must be difficult, but remember
   that I am always with you, to guide you, no matter how it seems.

   "Many blessings to you on your journey! The angels and light
   beings give their thanks! And remember that I always love you, no
   matter what."

   To hear such words from Delphia's lips, pronounced with such
   tenderness and delicate inflection, was incongruity indeed.

   As if with my ears, I heard what seemed almost an auditory
   whirlwind, the release of an air valve from one parallel universe
   into another, as the swirling prismatic subtle energy arose once
   more into the winged vortex of light above our heads.

   "The Ancient Mother has spoken," sighed Delphia, back in her
   customarily cranky tone.

   "Do you remember any of what she said?" I asked.

   She smirked. "Only that she was thanking you, of all people, for
   your courage. What a state the world is in!"

   "Can you tell us about dragons?" implored Sylvia. "None of the
   Wizard's books have anything, really."

   "Perhaps the Wizard should make it down to the bookseller's a bit
   more often," replied Delphia sardonically.

   I bit my tongue. Such wit. The illumination from the recent
   mystical visit of the higher being of light still persisted in a
   radiance and sense of uplifting that permeated the room, in spite
   of Delphia's cordiality.

   "Seriously," persisted Sylvia, "We need to know." I imagine her
   maximum cuteness factor helped to melt some of Delphia's
   crustiness.

   "The ways and travels of dragons are mysterious. They may arrive
   with thunderous wingbeats, or silently.

   "The dragon's fire can burn like flame, but more often it serves
   a more mystical purpose. It can open a portal to other
   dimensions, or bring about marvelous transformations on the
   things it washes over.

   "When the dragon encounters an intruder, she exhales a long
   snakelike stream of fire which wraps around the surrounds visitor
   and engulfs them, returning them back into the dimension from
   which they came."

   She fell silent. The silence continued, extended, stagnated, grew
   stale, turned awkward, and in brief, became a bit unpleasant.

   Sylvia fidgeted and frowned, until her eye lit upon an object
   lurking in the corner of the room.

   "You have a harp!" she exclaimed.

   "Do you play?" asked Delphia. "How lovely it would be to cheer
   this place up with a little music!"

                                                          Chapter 20

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
