The Arena
by Hstoner

Lovers agree to have sex before an arena crowd.

Sara was about 20 years younger than me. We first met when she came to work at the large law firm I was with at the time. It was Saar's first job out of law school. In addition to being extraordinarily beautiful, Sara was (and is) very intelligent, funny, witty, and has a great attitude towards life. There was something about her that made you think that getting to know her better would be very rewarding.

To this day, I'm not sure what Sara saw in me. However, we became good friends. We shared views on a number of subjects and found each other amusing and entertaining. More importantly, we each learned that we could trust the other person. Because I was, at least arguably, one of her "supervisors," our relationship did not go any deeper than friends while we were at the firm.

Large law firms have intense and complex internal politics. The recession made the environment at a number of firms, including ours, cutthroat. About seven years ago, I decided that I was not thriving in that environment. So, I went out on my own.

Sara stayed behind at the large law firm. One of the few regrets that I had in leaving the firm was my expectation that I would be seeing Sara little, if at all, going forward. Late in the afternoon of the first Friday on which I was in my new office, Sara called, inviting me to dinner. Nothing other than a very pleasant dinner happened that first night. However, we were soon lovers.

To try to expedite a long story, Sara left the large firm about six months after I did and became my law partner. One thing I learned as I got to know Sara better was that she had a genuine interest in nudism, an interest that I shared. Our first trip together, a couple of months after Sara joined my office, was to Club Orient on St. Martin. Club Orient is a great place under any circumstances. Having Sara with me naked made that a truly memorable trip. I'm not sure that a "true nudist" would appreciate this, but, both of us being nude around other people had a very positive effect on our sex life. Several times a day on St. Martin, we'd retreat to the Chalet to fuck, suck, and lick each other. Sara was a vigorous lover anyway; but, the knowledge that every inch of her was on display to anyone who walked by seemed to imbue her with greater sexual energy.

Not long after we got back from St. Martin, Sara came into the office one day and stripped off. She walked into my office completely nude.

"Harry, we spent several days together on St. Martin without putting on a bit of clothes, and we both loved it. I don't see any reason why we can't or shouldn't work naked, at least when no clients are coming in. So, you need to get those clothes off right now."

"What about deliveries?" I asked.

Sara smiled. "What about them?"

That issue was settled. I realized that I didn't have any choice and that it probably would make the office more fun. I stood up. I unbuttoned my shirt and tossed it on a chair. I kicked my shoes off, undid my belt, and pushed my trousers and my boxers down. Sara came around my desk and gave me a naked hug and a kiss.

"I love you," she said.

I had hoped so, but that was the first time she had said it explicitly.

That set the pattern. Sara and I started working nude most of the time. I suspect that the landlord wondered why we kept the thermostat in the suite so high in the winter. It was, however, a warm feeling to be standing in the office window, naked, with Sara naked next to me, watching the snow fall on the city streets.

Our office had been a nude zone (to the point where Sara had put a warning sign on our front door) for about a year when Sara decided that we needed a secretary. I couldn't argue with her because we were both busy and the time we spent on clerical work was time we could otherwise use to make money. Still, I was disappointed. I had gotten used to working with no clothes on, and seeing Sara naked in the office all of the time was the best work environment I could imagine.

"I don't see why we need to start dressing just because we hire a secretary," Sara declared.

"We're not likely to get someone who is willing to work naked, and I'm not sure we could even legally put that as a condition on the job," I responded.

"Who says that our secretary needs to get naked?" Sara retorted. "All we need is someone who is cool with us being naked."

"How do you bring that up in the interview?"

"Let me handle it."

Sara did, at least, agree that we should be clothed to interview any candidates. Given the layoffs firms had made over the last several years, I shouldn't have been surprised that we received a number of resumes, including several from people whom we knew from our old law firm. We agreed that those people were out. It didn't take long for a clear star to emerge: Gwen, a very attractive and intelligent young lady who had a B.A. in art history and her paralegal certificate. She was working at another large law firm, but didn't like the people.

Gwen had been outstanding through her first interview. We had avoided the big issue. Finally, Sara asked what I thought we be the disqualifying question.

"Gwen, there is one thing a little different about this job. Harry and I both work naked most of the time. That means we walk around here most of most days with our butts and genitals, and my tits, fully exposed. Would that be a problem for you?"

Gwen laughed, until she realized that Sara wasn't joking. Then she paused and thought for several minutes.

"Well, I'm very used to being around life models who are naked. I don't want to take my clothes off, but I think I could deal with it."

Sara asked, "Would you be ok if Harry and I undressed right now?"

Gwen nodded. So, Sara and I stood up and both stripped naked in front of her. Sara and I sat back down, both being careful to keep our legs apart so that my dick and Sara's pussy were on full display to Gwen. Gwen looked, but didn't seem bothered. The interview went on to more mundane things like salary and benefits. At one point, we heard the bell on our outside door ring. Naked, Sara left the room to answer it then walked back in holding a UPS package.

"Wow!" Gwen exclaimed.

Somehow, Sara taking a UPS delivery in the nude sealed the deal. Gwen started working for us full -time two weeks later. I guess you could have characterized our office as CFNFNM - one clothed female, one nude female, and one nude male. Surprisingly, it worked very well. Over time, Gwen got to know us well enough that she started making teasing comments about our pubes.

Sara and I had moved in together. About twice a year, we took vacation back to Club Orient, to Caliente, or somewhere else where we could go nude with others. It continued to be the case that Sara's desire for sex and the energy she put into our sex acts, while never low, was very noticeably greater when we were naked around other people.

One evening at home, Sara said "You know I just feel sexier when I know that people have been looking at my bare ass, cunt, and tits. I wonder how I'd feel if I knew that people were watching me fuck."

I didn't know and said so. I thought that her statement was just an expression of intellectual curiosity. I was selling Sara a bit short.

A few weeks later, Sara showed me something she had printed off of a website she played on. It was a very discrete announcement:

WANTED: Committed couple to make love

for an audience. Private event, but large audience

expected. If interested, call...

The ad gave a phone number with an area code I didn't recognize. Sara said that she had looked it up and it was in Texas.

Sara got a special gleam in her eye. "So, lover, would you fuck me in front of a large audience?"

I assumed that the ad was really looking for people who performed in the porn industry, and that Sara would figure that out and lose interest. I thought it best to be mildly supportive. "Call them if you want to. Find out what it is about."

A couple of days later, Sara came in my office. "Remember that post I showed you? Well, I called them. A woman answers the phone '____ County events Center.' Anyway, it is a privately owned arena. The owner is a bit kinky, apparently. He wants to invite about 8,000 'friends and business associates' to his arena to watch a couple fuck. She says that he doesn't want to use sex workers. I asked what I needed to do if I and my partner were interested. She said, 'send us a resume,' so I blanked our names and contact info off of ours and mailed them in a plain envelope. I did give her my cell number to call back."

I said, "You seem excited. Why am I thinking that she called back?"

"She did. She said that the owner liked our resumes, if they're real. They want us to come down to Texas for an interview. They pay the airfare and lodging."

"Oh," I said.

I checked your calendar and you are free next Thursday and Friday. So am I. So, I called the woman back and said we could come down then. She said she'd book our flights and hotel and e-mail tickets."

"Is this just an interview or do we also audition?" I asked.

Sara got that gleam again. "Would it bother you if we have to audition?"

"Well, I can see that the idea has you aroused. I guess that I have to go along with it, whatever it involves."

"No. If it seems too sleazy or unsafe, we just leave," Sara replied.

That explained how Sara and I ended up in a medium sized city in Central-West Texas talking to a complete stranger about fucking in front of 8,000 people. We had flown to DFW and changed to a commuter flight. About an hour later, we were in a small airport where a limo driver was holding a sign with the name "Sara." He drove us into town and stopped in front of what appeared to be a medium-sized sports arena.

We were ushered into an elevator which went up several floors and deposited us outside and executive office suite. Walking in, we were greeted by a truly stunning receptionist.

"You must be the couple about the special event. I'm glad to see you. Mr. French (not his real name) really wants to do this and was getting frustrated that he could not find an acceptable couple. Let me tell him you are here."

A moment later, the beauty ushered us into a huge office. One wall was completely a window which looked out into a dark sports arena. Mr. French was a heavy-set man, expensively dressed, with a thick Texas accent.

"I built this place to get this town on the map. Other than the local Div III college basketball, the best I've had in here was a Spurs exhibition game, once. I figured, shit, its mine. If I'm not making any money from it, I can at least have fun with it."

Then he asked us to sit down.

"What I have in mind is that I know a lot of people. I figured I'd invite them to watch an ordinary couple fuck and suck a bit. Doing it in an arena is different and should make it pretty erotic. I can't charge anything or serve alcohol or it'd be illegal. Same, I can't pay the couple or that'd be illegal. But, I also own that bar across the street, so no one should go thirsty and I should make a couple bucks."

What I'm thinking is that it will be a lot sexier if the audience gets to know the couple some first with their clothes on and then sees then naked and going at it. So, I figured we'd do this on a Saturday night, it's not like I have much booked in here on Saturday nights. I'd have the couple here from, say, Thursday. Thursday night they'd have dinner with a few of my close friends who will be there. Friday, you'd be hanging around downstairs in the lobby for a few hours so the other folks coming to watch you could stop by, say hi, and talk to you a bit; get o know you a little. How does that sound?"

With, to me, obvious sincerity, Sara replied "very exciting."

"Good," Mr. French said. "Now, tell me about yourselves."

We spent the next 45 minutes giving our backgrounds, explaining our relationship, and answering questions. Some were very pointed. Finally, Mr. French said, "Y'all don't mind if I check into what you've told me a bit, do you?"

We shook our heads to indicate that we didn't mind.

French pulled two forms out of a desk drawer. "Good. Just sign these authorizations for release of information. We'll tell anyone who asks that we're doing a background check 'cause we're thinking about hiring you for something real sensitive. You just gotta trust me on that one "

We really didn't have anything to hide, so we signed the forms and handed them back.

French said, "I'll bet that you expect me to ask you to fuck for me or, at least, to get naked. I'm not going to do that. You look like real attractive people. I want to look forward to seeing you naked for the first time out on that floor in front of the audience just like everyone else you're gonna meet."

French took a breath and continued, "I know you've got a flight home tomorrow. I really appreciate you coming down here to talk with me about this. I let you know if you're it after I see your background checks. In the meantime, I'd be honored if you'd have dinner with me and my lady-friend. I'll let you go to your hotel and clean up, say a couple hours?"

Sara spoke up, "Mr. French, are you interviewing anyone else to be your performers?"

"That's a fair question," French replied. "I do have a couple from California scheduled to come in. I'm gonna have Michelle call them and say something has come up. If your background checks are clean, it's your if you want to do it." Looking at Sara, he added "I hope you do. I'd really like to see you naked and going at it."

Sara smiled and, only slightly sarcastically, said "Thank you. I'm flattered."

The limo driver was waiting below and took us and our bags to a nearby Marriott. Once we were in our room, Sara asked "What did you think?"

I smiled. "I know what you thought. By the time French was done talking about what he wanted us to do, your nipples were poking through your top. I'm not as enthused as you are, but it does sound like it would be fun. No one out here in Texas knows us, so this is probably the time and the place to do something like this."

Sara came over and hugged me tightly. "You're ok doing it? Great! I really want to do this." Then she kissed me.

For dinner, Sara put on a very sheer beige dress which did nothing to hide her perfect figure, or to conceal the fact that she was only wearing a garter belt and hose beneath. It was a warm evening, so Sara insisted that I wear a very tight knit shirt she had packed and tight slacks that made my dick very clearly discernible.

"French may not want to see us naked yet but that doesn't mean we can't give him an idea of what he's got to look forward to," Sara explained. Sara did look very beautiful and sexy.

The same limo driver (what were his hours?) took us to a discrete and expensive looking restaurant. A hostess whose dress was almost as revealing as Sara's greeted us.

"You must be Mr. French's guests. I'll show you to our private salon."

We followed the hostess through the main dining room. Every eye in the room followed her and Sara as they walked. We went around a corner to a door with frosted glass. The hostess knocked twice, and then opened the door. At the back of the room was a bar and female bartender. To our right was a table full of hors d'oeurves. Sitting at the table in the center were French and a younger lady with long, straight black hair. French and the woman stood as we entered. French extended his hand to shake.

"Good to see you again. Is the hotel all-right? This place is another of my properties. I decided that we needed one good restaurant in this town. The lady is Vivien, my friend and my accountant. It helps if you accountant is also a good friend."

I noticed that introducing Vivien was French's third priority. Vivien was, maybe, 30. She was very pretty; wearing a maroon dress with a plunging neckline that showed a fair portion of what appeared to b two lovely breasts.

With no hint of a Texas accent, Vivien asked, "How are you? You're the couple whom Howard has gotten to do his sex act?"

We acknowledged that we were.

Vivien smiled. "I actually envy you. I think that would be incredibly erotic. Unfortunately, I can't do it because I live in this town. I only get to watch."

Howard interrupted. "Get yourselves drinks. Edith back there will give you anything you want, except white wine. This is West Texas and we don't do white wine out here."

I had a vodka & tonic. Sara had a dark rum & tonic. Drinks in hand, we sat down at the table.

Vivien picked up where she had left off. "Have you done anything like this before?"

Sara answered, "No. It has just been a fantasy of mine. We have spent a lot of time at nude beaches and resorts, so the nudity part won't be difficult."

Vivien shot French a look. "These folks go to nude beaches. They don't seem weird to me." Turning to us, Vivien explained "I've asked Howard several times if we could vacation at a clothing-optional resort. Howard won't take his clothes off in front of other people. He loves to see other people nude, though. I keep telling him that, if you are going to look, you have to give others something to look at too."

Rather than respond, Howard changed the subject. "I took the liberty of deciding the dinner menu. We're all having grouper. These fish were swimming off the Florida coast this morning."

The dinner conversation continued on in that same pattern. Vivien wanted to talk about our upcoming performance. Howard kept changing the subject and, as I inferred was habit, tried to dominate the conversation. We were able to learn that Vivien, who seemed very intelligent and pleasant, was originally from Illinois.

Howard left the room at one point. Vivien took the opportunity to tell us, "I am a bit of a 'kept woman.' But, Howard's money isn't the sole attraction, he is really a decent guy and he demands very little of me. Basically, I'm here because I'm a good accountant, and honest unlike his last one, and because Howard wants a woman on his arm. He'll get tired of me after a while. That's ok. Howard's 'severance packages' are very generous so I should be set for a long time when I'm 'let go.'"

I'm not sure that I or Sara would have struck Vivien's bargain, but she seemed to be a good person and was certainly good dinner company.

The meal was outstanding. At the end of the evening, French said, "the limo will pick you up at the Marriott about 40 minutes before your flight. The terrorist risk is pretty low here so you move through TSA pretty quick. Now, please excuse me, I need to talk to the manager for a minute."

Vivien escorted us back to the entrance and the long-suffering limo driver. All eyes in a still virtually full dining room followed her and Sara across the room. Sara was clearly the star of the pair, but Vivien was a lot more than honorable mention. Vivien stood with us for a moment at the restaurant door.

"I really hope that you two go through with this," she said. I really do envy you if you do. I'm as kinky as Howard, I guess; but I'd love to do that. Naked in front of several thousand people?" Vivien smiled. "I get wet just thinking about it." After a pause, Vivien added, "I appreciate you both showing off discreetly tonight. I'm looking forward to seeing you both with nothing on."

For some reason, Vivien's comments and her earnestness hit me, and I was getting a bit hard. Vivien smiled and pointed to my crotch.

"I'm really looking forward to seeing that unwrapped and in use."

Sara and I were pawing each other a bit in the limo. It was after 10:00 p.m. but was a warm Texas night.

Back in our room, Sara said, "Let's check out the hotel pool." I agreed. Sara stripped off her dress and garter belt and rolled her stockings down. She grabbed a large t-shirt from her bag and put it on. The hem barely covered her bare ass. Sara tossed me an item she had bought for me a while back: a black satin wrap that went around my waist and covered me to an inch or so below my dick. It fastened with Velcro. I stripped off and put on the wrap. I grabbed a keycard and we headed for the elevator.

The hotel pool was on the roof. It afforded a good view of the town and, in the daylight I assumed, some of the surrounding plains. The pool deck was dark. However, we heard voices. As our eyes adjusted to the dark, we could see two figures in the water.

A female voice with a Texas accent said, a bit timidly, "Are you from the hotel?"

"No," I answered.

The voice giggled. "That's good cause we don't have any clothes on."

Sara and I looked at each other. Sara pulled the t-shirt over her head and I unfastened the Velcro. "Neither do we," I replied.

"In that case, come on in the water," the voice said a bit more confidently.

Sara and I took the concrete steps in the shallow end into the water. We were in water midway up our thighs when two twenty-something girls came up to us. Both were naked.

Both girls looked us up and down. The one who spoke before said, "You sure don't have anything on." She looked at my dick. "That's nice to see."

Sara and I introduced ourselves.

The girl who had spoken said, "I'm Jenny. This is Pat. Don't think we're lesbian just cause we're up here swimming naked. There just isn't much else to do in this town."

Pat spoke for the first time. "There's a hot tub over in the corner. I doubt that they turn it off. Let's try it."

Although it was a warm night, we all four got into the Jacuzzi, which was still working. It was a tight fit. I was sitting shoulder-to-shoulder with Jenny and Sara was shoulder-to-shoulder with Pat. The ladies explained that they were high school volleyball coaches from two adjoining schools near Houston. They were in town for a coaching clinic.

"The clinics are good," Jenny explained. "But, about half the coaches are guys and they just want to get us drunk and get in our pants. Some of the other girls are fun, but they were pairing off tonight. I skin dive, but I don't muff dive. That left Pat and me looking for something to do. The only thing we could come up with is skinny-dipping in the hotel pool."

Jenny paused for a moment. The she started again: "Y'all know, as a high school coach, I've got to be real careful who I mess around with. I make the wrong move and I could lose my job and get blacklisted from coaching anywhere in Texas, maybe in the whole US. Out here, no one knows who I am or what I do."

As she was saying this, I felt Jenny's hand under the water stroking my dick. I thought that I knew where Jenny was headed. Apparently, so did her friend Pat. Pat leaned over and whispered in Jenny's ear. Jenny frowned for a moment. Then her face got a look of resignation.

"Pat reminded me that we've got to be up early, so we've got to go. It was nice meeting y'all." With that, Jenny and Pat stood up and started climbing out of the Jacuzzi.

Pat turned back to look at us. She smiled. "Make sure y'all get a good look."

Jenny and Pat toweled off very thoroughly next to the Jacuzzi, giving us every opportunity to have a very good look. Then they pulled on one-piece suits and went in to the elevator.

Sara giggled. "See. I'm not the only girl who likes to show off a bit." Sara's hand grasped my dick, which was partially hard from Jenny's stroking. "The coach was doing a bit of therapy?" Sara asking jokingly. "Well, I don't want to waste this."

With that comment, Sara stood up, straddled me, and lowered herself down into my lap. Sara guided me into her. For a few moments, Sara just lay against me with her head on my shoulder. We were both savoring our coital connection. Then Sara began to ride.

We had been home for almost two weeks when Vivien called Sara. Sara called me into her office and put Vivien on speaker.

"You two passed all of Howard's checks," Vivien informed us. "If you are still willing to do this, you are the couple."

I could see Sara's nipples hardening. Sara replied for us both. "Of course, we'd love to do it."

We then discussed a date. French's arena was no as devoid of events as he claimed. Between the arena schedule and our schedules, we finally found a Saturday six weeks out.

Vivien explained a few of the details. "We'll fly you in on Friday morning. As you know, it takes a good part of the day to get here. You should be in the hotel by 3:00 p.m. That will give you some time to rest. You'll be at the same Marriott. Howard wants you at his house at 7:00 Friday night. He'll be giving a cocktail party for a few of his high-roller friends who will be watching you Saturday. He wants them to meet you. You'll keep your clothes on for the cocktail party."

Vivien went on. "The show will be at 8:30 Saturday night. We know that there are physical limitations, especially for Harry; but, if you can, try to make it last about an hour. Harry wants you in the lobby of the arena, dressed, at 5:30 p.m. He's having a reception for everyone attending. The idea is to get as much of the audience as possible to meet you with your clothes on."

Sara responded, "That's fine with us. Should we shave?"

Vivien laughed. "I'll leave that up to you. Whatever you think will look best under the bright lights."

Sara said, "Thank you. We're really looking forward to it."

After the call ended, we looked up and realized that Gwen had been standing in the door of Sara's office. This was a bit embarrassing because the thought of what we'd agreed to do had us both a bit aroused. Sara's nipples and my penis were both hard. We also didn't know how much Gwen had heard.

Gwen quickly made clear that she had heard enough. "The audience is going to meet you with your clothes on? I assume that means they'll be seeing you 'under the bright lights' with your clothes off. What are you two up to?"

Busted by our secretary. In a spirit of candor, Sara explained what we had agreed to do. When she finished, Gwen was silent for a moment.

"Wow! That's pretty brave. It is also pretty kinky. I guess you're safe enough doing it in Texas that no one here will find out. Wow. I couldn't do that." Gwen paused again. Then she added, "I couldn't do that, but I'd like to watch." Gwen pulled out her Idiot phone and scrolled through something. "Shit! I can't go out of town that weekend. Will you bring me a video?"

Sara replied, "I'll see what we can do."

The six weeks passed both agonizingly slowly and in no time. I have to admit the being more than a bit nervous as we boarded the plane for DFW. Sara was nervous, but also excited. I had not realized how big a fantasy public sex was for her. Now, she would get to live it out.

Rather than the overworked limo driver, Vivien picked us up at the Marriott. As she drove, she explained, "Howard had a place, he calls it his ranch, just outside town. It's a nice place, but the only thing reminiscent of cattle on it is Howard's BS. Anyway, he's invited about 50 of his 'good friends' to meet you two. I've met most of these people before. They're a lot like Howard. They'll probably treat you like Howard's hired strippers. There may be a few crude remarks as Howard's bourbon supply is depleted, but nothing worse than that I expect."

Vivien drove on in silence for a few moments. Then she said, "You remember that I said I expected that Howard would let me go at some point?"

We made affirmative noises.

"I preempted him. He was good about it though. I've got a two-years consulting agreement that obligates me to give him ten hours per month. In return, I get $50,000 per month whether he uses me or not. I'm out of here next week. Taking care of you two is basically my last assignment for Howard."

Another pause. "Oh, by the way, in case you're curious, Howard and I never had sex. Not that I objected. Like I told you, Howard will not take his clothes off in sight of other people. My time here has been two years of chastity."

Of course, Sara and I both assumed that Vivien was fucking Howard. I decided to leave that topic alone. Instead, I said, "That is a pretty good deal. What are you going to do now?"

"I'm not sure. I am a damn good accountant and business advisor. Do you have any suggestions?"

I looked at Sara, who nodded. "Well, we might be able to connect you to some people, but our contacts are all in the Midwest."

"That would be fine with me. Thank you. I would really appreciate that."

Soon enough, we were at French's "ranch." It was light enough that I could see a lot of flat landed fenced in, several outbuildings, and a main house that reminded me of "Southfork" on the old "Dallas" series.

Vivien led us inside and through a large crowd into a large room that opened out to a patio and pool. Whatever furniture was usually there had been moved. Along the walls were tables of food. A bar and bartender were in one corner. French waived us towards him with a broad gesture. At the same time, he grabbed one of the young ladies serving canapés and said something to her. In almost an instant, two young men came into the room carrying a small riser.

French motioned for us to get on the riser. Sara and I stood there with most of our torsos above the guests' heads while French picked up a microphone. I could hear French's voice through speakers that must have been built into the walls or ceiling.

"If y'all'd give me your attention, I'd like you to meet our featured performers for tomorrow night, Bill and Yvonne (we'd agreed with French to use assumed names). Their Yankees, but they seem to be pretty good looking and I'm sure they'll give us a good show. I'm going to ask them to mingle. Say hello. I thought it would be more exciting if you get to know them a bit like regular folks before you see them naked and going at it. Thanks. Oh, and there's plenty of booze and food. Don't go home hungry or sober."

French motioned for us to get off of the risers. As we did, he walked away. A middle-aged couple came up to us.

"Right nice to meet you," the man said.

"We don't meet many folks in your line of work," the lady said.

"What line of work is that," Sara asked.

"You know, porn, sex workers," the woman responded.

"Actually, we're both lawyers," Sara retorted.

The couple walked away shaking their heads as if we were crazy. Maybe we were, but not the way they thought.

A younger man, who had been drinking a bit, came up, ogling Sara.

"How'd they pair the two of you up?"

"Actually, we are a couple. We've been together about seven years now," I replied.

The man took another swig of whiskey and ran his eyes over Sara.

"Before you ask," Sara said, "I don't hire out, not at any price."

The man looked miffed and walked away. Behind us, I heard female laughter. It was Vivien.

"You pegged him. That guy has offered me $5,000 to give him a blow job eight or nine times," Vivien said. "He refuses to believe that I'm not a hooker. He just thinks Howard has me on an exclusive retainer."

We met a lot of people that night. Not everyone was as boorish. One couple we talked to seemed genuinely interested in what our motivation was to put on our display.

The wife of the couple said, "Bill and I have been looking for ways to add excitement to our sex lives. Thinking about doing what you're going to be doing gets me aroused, but I couldn't bring myself to do it."

At one point in the evening, Sara and I were standing by ourselves. A very beautiful girl, probably about 21, came up to us.

"Hello. I'm Heather Smith (not her real name). Mr. French is friends with my parents. When I heard what was happening and that he had invited my parents, I talked them into bringing me and my boyfriend too. I admire you for doing this. I'd love for Greg and me to take your place, but my parents would shit if they knew that I like to have people see me naked. There's an unofficial nude beach down on South Padre. Greg and I go two or three times a year. We both love being naked. We've had several couples next to each other on the beach all doing it at the same time. We sort of see each other and that's fun. A whole arena full of people would be scary, but that's part of the thrill, right?"

I had to think that, whoever Greg was, he had lucked out. We chatted with the girl for a few minutes, sharing stories of social nudity.

Finally, Vivien collected us and drove us back to the hotel. "I think Howard's plan has worked. There does seem to be some serious anticipation for seeing the two of you naked having sex."

We slept late the next morning, and then headed to the hotel "fitness room" to do as hard a workout as facilities permitted. Both Sara and I had been working out hard since we decided to do this. If we were going to be naked in front of several thousand people, we wanted to be a buff as possible. Naturally, Sara had succeeded much better than me.

After our workout, Sara and I went back to our room and showered. Then we shaved each other's pubes. Might as well be as bare as possible.

Vivien picked us up to go to the arena around 5:00 p.m. Although it was fall, it was still quite warm in this part of Texas. Sara wore her form-fitting beige dress. Sara is sexy and beautiful any time, but, in the dress, she automatically induces a hard-on. At Sara's insistence, I was in a very tight polo shirt and tight slacks. I felt like I was wearing Spandex. At least, I wasn't worried about what people might see. Showing off everything was the whole point of the evening.

The arena lobby was packed. Vivien explained, "Howard has a lot of friends. Also, don't worry about the law. Howard cleared this beforehand with the Sheriff and District Attorney. They are both here tonight."

The lobby was so crowded that you could only move by rubbing against people. I felt more than a few hands touch my package. Sara told me later that she had many hands on her tits and ass.

Everyone seemed to know that we were THE couple. We received a number of comments. Some a bit crude, but none hostile. The most common was how the speaker was looking forward to seeing us naked. I suppose that having us mingle while dressed increased the audience's anticipation. It had an effect on us. Talking to a complete stranger knowing that, in an hour or so, you would be in front of the stranger again completely naked and then fucking was a surprisingly erotic experience.

At one point, Sara leaned against me and whispered, "I'm so horny. I'm going to explode when we get out there."

My level of arousal was increasing dramatically also.

Finally, Vivien pulled us out of the crowd. "You've got about 45 minutes," she said. She led us down a hall and into a locker room. "You'll strip off in here. That door leads out onto the main floor. I'll gather your clothes so you get them back."

Sara looked at me. "We'd better strip off now so we don't have any clothes marks in our skin." Of course, neither of us had worn any underwear for exactly that reason.

We stripped with Vivien standing there. When she saw pronounced tan lines, she said, "I thought that you two are nudists."

"We are," Sara replied. "It was a pain tanning with suits on, but we thought that tan lines would focus attention where it ought to be."

We talked and paced for what seemed like a long time. Then there was a knock on the door. Vivien opened it and had a short conversation with the man who had knocked. Turning to us, Vivien asked, "Ready?"

Completely naked and bare foot, Sara and I walked through the door. It was fairly dark and I was conscious of people seated in the stands on both sides of us.

As we walked, hand-in-hand, to point where the stands lowered to the floor, the bright light of a follow spot hit us. The arena seemed full. Everyone could see us now. I looked at Sara. The expression on her face told me that she was thrilled. We stopped, turned to each other, hugged, and shared a long kiss, with lots of tongue. As we broke our embrace, the crowd was applauding. At that moment, I was incredibly proud and happy to be standing there naked with Sara.

We slowly walked to the center of the arena floor. Just before we went up the steps onto the stage, I looked to my right. Seated in the front row, with an older couple to her left and a handsome young man to her right, was Heather whom we had talked with the night before. She looked right at me, winked, and then raised a hand with her fingers forming the "ok" ring.

Sara and I climbed onto the stage to more applause. There were people seated on all four sides of us, so we walked to each edge of the stage, waving and giving everyone our full frontals. When we reached that side of the stage, I looked at Heather again. She and the guy I presumed was her boyfriend were applauding vigorously. After winking again, Heather leaned and said something to her boyfriend. Then he kissed her.

Sara and I had thought long about how to drag things out to give French the hour he desired. To start, we made a second circle of the stage. This time, however, Sara turned her back to the audience, spread her legs, and bent over. Each side of the arena got the full pussy and asshole view of Sara. Probably the most beautiful thing ever seen in Texas.

After Sara had held her bent pose for several moments, she would straighten up, face the audience, and give them her 100,000 watt smile. Then she would lean over in front of me and stroke my dick a few times, as if to make me hard; although I was already hard. Then Sara would lift my dick up to show the audience my shaved balls. After everyone got their fill of testicles, Sara would gesture for me to turn around. I did and bent over. Sara would spread my cheeks to show the assembled my asshole. We did that routine once for each side of the stage. Hopefully, everyone saw all of us both.

At center stage, at our request, was a piece of furniture like a large divan covered with a red satin cloth. There was also a metal frame made of four vertical legs with horizontal bars at the top and half-way down holding it together. This had required some measurement. Sara went inside the frame and climbed up so that, with her hands on the top horizontals, her feet were on the middle ones. The frame was shaped like an inverted cone so that Sara's legs were spread apart but she could easily rest against any of the top horizontal bars.

I walked into the frame. Sara was positioned so my face was level with her mound. I stood very close to Sara. I could see her fluid dripping off of her cunt lips. I began licking it up, and then started to eat Sara properly. I put my arms around her, grabbing a handful of each cheek. We had, sort of, rehearsed this. The plan was for me to go slowly, but to get Sara off orally once.

I worked slowly but steadily. I loved the taste of Sara on my tongue. It took probably about 15 minutes, but the Sara came forcefully and loudly. She wrapped her legs around my head and neck. I let her rest on me while my face was buried in her shaven patch.

After regaining herself, Sara said "now." With that, she let go of the top horizontals and fell down through the frame into my arms. We hugged each other by our asses and had another very long kiss. Then Sara took my hand and led me out of the frame.

Sara led me to the divan. She lay down on her back with her legs spread as far apart as she could without straining. I stood beside the divan with my dick so hard that it hurt. This part was French's idea. The divan was on a turntable which began to slowly rotate so that each part of the arena could view us from each angle.

After we had done two rotations, I mounted Sara and entered her. She was so wet, I slid in easily. As I did, Sara leaned up and said in my ear, "This is the best moment of my life. I love you."

Sara and I had practiced (a sacrifice, right?) and could fuck for a long time without coming if we kept it slow and easy. That is what we did for about another 15 or 20 minutes. I made my thrusts somewhat exaggerated so it was clear in the top row exactly what we were doing. I glanced as the stage rotated by them. Heather and her boyfriend had their hands in each other's laps.

Finally, Sara decided that it was time to get serious. She pinched my ass, which was the signal to change position. We figured that it would be more appealing if we came with Sara on top. I pulled out and rolled off to Sara's left side. That put me on my back with my hard on sticking up. Sara kneeled beside me. She took my dickhead between her left thumb and forefinger, holding me straight up, while her right hand gestured for the audience to look at my dick, glistening with her fluid.

Finally, Sara straddled me and slid down onto me. Sara's face, stunning at any time, is especially beautiful during sex. The look on her face at that moment was probably the sexiest thing I have ever seen. That coupled with feeling her all around my dick almost caused me to come right then. I hastily reminded myself that I had a job to do.

Sara also had a job to do and she went at it like a fury, riding me vigorously. It was quickly apparent that Sara had lost control. I let myself go too. Fuck French's time limits. My whole world shrank to Sara above me and the extraordinary sensations in my dick.

I knew that Sara had come again when she shrieked, convulsed, and collapsed on me. Just then, I had the most powerful eruption in my life. So forceful that it hurt, putting me squarely at the intersection of pleasure and pain. That was the last thing I remembered for, I'm told, several minutes. I came to and realized that I had passed out naked on a stage in an arena full of people with my dick in my lover. Sara still lay on top of me. After another moment, her eyes opened, she smiled, and gave me a third very long kiss.

Somewhat weakly, we stood up from the divan and faced the audience. Everything was silent. Then Sara ran a hand between her legs. She put a finger covered with my come and her fluid to my lips. I took her finger in my mouth and sucked it. Then we faced each other, embraced, and had our fourth very long kiss.

As we broke that embrace, the audience started their applause which quickly grew exponentially in volume. We stood, waving at the audience as the center of the stage continued to rotate. As we rotated back to face Heather, she and her boyfriend were standing (as was most of the audience now). Her boyfriend's pants were unzipped and his hard-on was sticking out. Heather grabbed the hem of her dress and lifted it way up, showing us that she wore nothing underneath.

The stage did another full rotation, and then stopped when we were facing the steps. We climbed down and, still in the spotlight, walked back through the stands to the locker room.

Vivien was waiting just inside the door, breathing a little hard. "That was probably the most arousing thing I've seen," she said. "I couldn't help it. I got myself off while I watched you."

Sara and I each kissed Vivien on a cheek. "We're glad that you could share some of the pleasure," Sara said. "I hope that we will share pleasure more intimately with you in the future."

Vivien looked at us both for a second. "I'd really like that, "she answered. "Now, there is a shower in there. You probably want to shower, but don't get dressed. I've got your clothes. Howard is entertaining his high-rollers in the luxury boxes. Screw Howard. I've talked to a few people and we've rented a bar a couple blocks from here for a private party. You're appropriately dressed already. I think you'll enjoy it."

Sara and I were both exhausted and exhilarated. We stood under the hot water holding each other for several minutes. Finally, Sara smiled and asked, "Was it worth the trip?"

"Definitely," I responded. "Of course, anywhere with you is worth the trip." That earned me another kiss.

We toweled off and spent some time drying and combing our hair. Vivien had duffel with our clothes over one shoulder. We followed her outside to her car, naked in the Texas night. She went by a nice-looking bar which had its windows covered over, turned, and parked behind the bar. Still naked, we followed her into the bar.

Inside were about 25 people. Michelle, French's gorgeous receptionist was there as was the middle-aged couple we had talked with at French's house the night before. Towards the back, to my surprise, stood Heather and her boyfriend along with a handsome couple who appeared to be roughly my age.

A cute redhead stood behind the bar. "I didn't get to watch you, but I applaud what you did. Your drinks are on the house." All I wanted then was a beer. Sara had a shot of rum and a large ice water.

The bar was small, clean, and cozy. A football game played silently on a big screen TV behind the bar. Jazz music played in the background.

Vivien moved to the center of the small room. "This whole thing was Howard French's idea. We all know Howard and we know that he's very rich and very strange. For once, Howard had a great idea. We all enjoyed what you did tonight and respect you for doing it." Vivien looked around the room and applause broke out.

Vivien continued. "Part of Howard's strangeness is that he cannot stand to be seen naked by anyone. Not all of us suffer from that problem. You two have shown all of yourselves to Texas tonight, so we thought you ought to see a bit of Texas too."

With that, Vivien kicked off her shoes and began unbuttoning her blouse. Looking around, I saw that everyone in the room was undressing. Soon, there were 27 naked people in the room. I turned and looked behind the bar. 28. The cute redheaded barmaid was now wearing only her skin too.

Vivien clothed was a very attractive lady. However, clothed was not how Vivien should be. Naked she was almost as beautiful as Sara. Unfortunately, the same could not be said about Michelle. While every lady is beautiful naked, Michelle's apparent beauty clothed relied heavily on external support.

Sara and I sat naked on barstools while a quiet, convivial party went on around us. Heather walked up with her boyfriend and the older couple, all four completely naked. All four looked good naked and I did not see a tan line among them.

Heather looked at us. "Thank you very much for this evening." She hugged and kissed me and then hugged and kissed Sara. Gesturing to the young man, Heather said, "This is my boyfriend Greg." Greg and I shook hands.

Greg and Heather separated and Heather gestured the older couple forward. Both were quite fit and looked great naked.

Heather made another introduction. "These are my parents, John and Amy."

John extended his hand to shake. "We enjoyed the evening. You were very courageous. I hope that it was as much fun as it appeared to be."

Sara answered him, "It was better for us than you can possibly imagine."

Amy, who was a lovely lady, spoke up. "We have more to thank you for. John and I have been going to Club Orient at least annually for years. We love being nude. We kept that hidden from Heather because we thought she was the prude. In talking to her about why she wanted to be here tonight, we found out that she's been going nude and South Padre while we've been going nude on St. Martin. Now, the family can be nude together."

Heather interjected, "Mom and Dad are going to Club Orient for Thanksgiving and their taking Greg and me. Turkey and pie with no clothes on should be great." We were happy to help bring Heather and her parents together as a clothes-free family.

Vivien came back just then, looking wonderful in only her skin. Looking at Sara, she said, "I have a question. Of course, you wouldn't use condoms for something like this, but what birth control do you use?"

Sara laughed. "Ordinarily, I'm on the pill. I went off of it a few weeks ago. We haven't had sex since we were last down here. Harry and I thought that the chance of conceiving a child in front of 8,000 people was too good an opportunity to miss. We'll see if it happened. I'll go back on tomorrow."

Amy, Heather's mother, laughed and clapped. "I really like how you Yankees think."

