Story - Just Out Of The Shower

Written by Blab

--

I was sitting on the bed, watching something on TV. All I was wearing was shorts - we'd just come in from a swim. She returned from the shower and smiled to see me sitting on the bed. She dropped her towel, revealing her soft warm tanned skin, beclothed only with the clear pale tanlines from her bikini. "Wow," I said. "You take my breath away."

"Your breath is only one of the things I want from you." She smiled as she said it, with the side of her mouth a little crooked. The only thing she loves more than compliments is teasing me. She walked up to the bed, and I wrapped my arm around her naked body and drew her close.

Her skin was hot from the shower, still steamy with the hot water she had stepped out of minutes before. She curled into my arms and sat down between my legs on the bed. Her hair smelled faintly of grapefruit (her conditioner I learned later). I lightly nuzzled my face in her neck, smelling the grapefruit smell of her hair and the hot, clean smell of her skin. I held her in my arms and kissed her neck softly, gently brushing my lips and then extending the tip of my tongue between them to taste her.

Wanting to take a little time with her, I pointed out what was on the television. Notting Hill, which we'd both seen. We sat chatting, exploring each other's memory and impression of the harmless film. While I listened to her I would move my hands over her body, trying to elicit that interruption in her speech that came with a little gasp when I struck the right chord with her body. When I did, perhaps by softly stroking the soft underside of her breast with my fingers, and she gasped, I would repeat the motion once or twice more, then move on.

Soon we turned off the television. It's hard not to deliberately seek out those moans, those sweet gasps and indrawn breaths. I could only tease for so long. Keeping her on the bed between my legs, I ran one hand up and down her side, and around over her stomach. I slid my fingers into her hair and bent in to kiss her as my other hand moved down between her legs. 

When my fingers lightly stroked the soft skin on the inside of her thigh, she groaned loudly. Her hands clutched at my arm, but she didn't try to move it at all. She gave me the impression of just wanting to hold on. That thought sent a bolt of passion straight through my body, and my hard cock throbbed in my shorts. I think she felt it move against her back, and she clutched my arm tighter and moaned softly.

I was incensed, and I had to take control of her, take her completely. I slid my fingers down the inside of her thigh, zeroing slowly but steadily on the folds between her legs. She spread her legs for me as my fingertips touched her outer lips, and the word, "Yes...", formed in her mouth. I stroked my fingers up and down, slowly still, and whispered into her ear, "Oh yes, I love touching you." I breathed heavily myself as I parted her wet lips and moved a finger along between them. I felt her oily juices on my fingers and I couldn't resist lifting my hand to taste them. She had her eyes closed so I made a slight sucking noise as I pulled my fingers from my mouth - she knew exactly what I was doing and groaned a little more.

It didn't seem possible, but she was even wetter still when I returned my fingers to the pink swollen flesh between her legs. I loved how soft and silky her thick outer lips felt between my fingers as I lightly stroked them. I slipped a fingertip inside for a second and was immediately rewarded by a reflexive squeeze with her hands around my arm. I moved that finger back out and up to flick gently past her clit, then pushed it between again and a little deeper. This time I didn't pull my finger out, I merely held it still as I pulled her tightly against me with my other arm. 

Then very slowly I pushed inside a little more, stopping after I penetrated her another centimeter. Her opening was tight around my finger. I held still until she couldn't wait any longer, and she pushed her hips forward. I obliged by pushing my finger inside of her, as far as I could. It felt like all the heat in her body was focused around my finger. I started stroking it in and out, slowly, sometimes circling up and around her clit and then back in. Before long I had two fingers inside of her, without remembering exactly when I had started with the second one. My entire consciousness was focused on my fingers inside of her, her hands clutching my bicep, and her moans near my ear. I moved my fingers faster, curling slightly up and down every couple of strokes. Her hips were moving now, forward and back, and her hands were no longer neutral on my arm. She pulled and pushed with her hands as my fingers slid in to meet her hips. She started to say, "Now, now," softly, with each breath. I knew she was on the verge of cumming, and I held her tighter to me with my other arm as I deliberately slowed my fingers to a slower, steadier, stronger rhythm. As she started to cum I felt her gush into my hand, and she opened her mouth to let out a loud, "Oooooohhhhh." The added juices between my fingers turned me on beyond all reason, and I fucked her solidly with my fingers through her spasms until she pushed my arm away.
