He walked into Will’s quarters, the lights on their usual low setting. The only difference was that Will wasn’t there. He was on an away mission that kept him off of the ship for a few nights.

Last night, Wesley had stayed in his own bed. He still did that sometimes, but it was becoming less frequent. It wasn’t even for anything sexual, though Wesley did enjoy doing those things, but it was the only time they got to be together and actually be a couple. Public conversations had to be kept to normal things, there couldn’t be any lingering looks, or hand holding, or anything of the sort.

Tonight he had decided to spend the night in Will’s bed. He stripped down and crawled under the covers. The sheets smelled like Will. They shouldn’t. Wesley had been there when Will had taken the sheets of yesterday morning before he had left.

It hadn’t been that many months, but Will knew him well. Will must have known that Wesley would sneak into his quarters, even though he wasn’t there. He must have spritzed the sheets with his cologne after Wesley had left for the day.

Wesley absolutely did not tear up. He did, however, sleep extraordinarily well that night.

*******

It had been another long day on the bridge. He hated that Will wasn’t sitting right behind him. It was a comfort to know he was there.

Will could be in danger now, and it could be something they wouldn’t find out about for a while.

He was in Ten Forward now, sitting at his favorite table near one of the windows and sipping on water. He wasn’t much in the mood for anything else.

He wished he could talk to someone about his worries over Will, or about the loneliness he felt when Will was away.

He wasn’t surprised when Guinan took a seat next to him.

“Something bothering you?”

“No, I’m okay.” They sat for a couple of minutes in silence, but he could feel Guinan’s eyes on him.

“You know Wesley, Will is going to be just fine.” Wesley turned to look at Guinan.

“I’m not worried about Will.” Guinan raised her eyebrows, but said nothing, and Wesley turned to look back out the window.

“Listen, Wesley. I’m not a gossip, but after a few years working in a place like this, you see many things, things that everyone else misses. That, along with being a good judge of character, I see things for what they are. Do you understand what I’m saying, Wes?”

Wesley didn’t answer. He hardly dared to breathe. If he was hearing her right, and he was pretty sure he was, then Guinan knew about him and Will. He felt Guinan place a hand on his shoulder.

“Don’t worry, Wes. I told you I’m not a gossip. I’m here if you want to talk though, about anything. And, just for the record, you both seem extremely happy.”

He finally turned to look at her. She was smiling at him. He opened his mouth to say something when he heard a familiar voice near the bar. Will was back early. He forced himself to not turn around to look at Will. Guinan gave him a knowing look, squeezed his shoulder, and got up to go back to the bar.

Wesley sat there, processing what Guinan had said, and waited for Will to join him. He didn’t have long to wait before Will was sliding into the seat next to him and giving him one of those smiles that warmed Wesley’s heart.

“Miss me?”

“How could I miss you when your bed smelled like you?” He laughed when Will blushed. It was usually Wesley that blushed, not Will.

“I liked it, Will. It was sweet and I slept really well.” Will gave him a quick smile.

“Wes, I ran into your mother before I came here.”

“Let me guess, she finally asked you about the older guy.”

“She did.”

“What did you tell her?”

“What could I tell her? I said he was a good guy and that she had nothing to worry about. I think she just wants you to talk to her, even if you don’t give any specifics.”

Wesley groaned and Will gave him a sympathetic look and got up.

“I’m sorry I can’t stay. I have work to finish. I just wanted to say hi. Will I see you tonight?”

“Of course,” he replied, smiling up at him. He watched Will walk out of Ten Forward. He was glad that Will was back and that he couldn’t have to spend the night alone.

******

Wesley got to Will’s quarters at a decent hour, way too excited to wait to sneak out. Will was already lying in bed, reading, when he got there. He stripped down and climbed in next to Will.

He let out a soft sigh. He loved the warmth and the comfort that being pressed against Will provided. He hummed in approval when Will ran one of his hands along Wesley’s back. He closed his eyes and just relaxed as he waited for Will to finish what he was reading and give Wesley his full attention.

He didn’t have long to wait before Will put down his reading material and scooted further down the bed, lining up with Wesley.

“You’re back early and in once piece. I take it things went well?”

“Oh, you’re good Wes.” Wesley just grinned at him. “Brat.”

Wesley smiled and moved in to kiss Will. They could spend the rest of the night kissing and Will wouldn’t complain or push. He was lucky, he knew. Really lucky. Still, tonight he wanted to try something new, so when Will’s hand moved between them, Wesley knocked it away.

Will rolled Wesley onto his back, and propped himself up. Will looked down at him, the hint of a smile on his face. He knew what Will was going to say.

“What do you want, Wes?”

“Will,” Wesley groaned out as he closed his eyes. He didn’t want to ask. He hated asking, even though he knew part of the reason for it was Will not wanting to do something that Wesley wasn’t comfortable with.

Since Wesley wasn’t talking, it seemed Will had decided to torture him. He knew every sensitive spot on Wesley’s neck, and took his time on each spot, being careful not to leave any marks, but still enough to drive Wesley crazy. It was working. He needed…

“Okay, okay.”

Will left his neck and placed a quick kiss to Wesley’s lips, and then just looked at him, smiling and waiting. Wesley could feel the color rising in his cheeks. As his blush deepened, Will’s smile grew until he was finally chuckling.

“Come on Wesley. It’s just the two of us.”

“I know, but that doesn’t make it any easier. I just…oh damn it. Fine Will. I want your mouth on me.” Wesley had squeezed his eyes closed when he had said that and could feel his cheeks burning.

He heard what could only be described as a low growl emanating from Will’s throat. His eyes snapped open and the look on his face perfectly matched the growl. He looked hungry and a bit predatory.

Wesley licked his lips in anticipation. He knew it was something that Will had been dying to do. For some reason, Will not being allowed to do this particular act had been harder on him than not being able to do anything else.

He wanted to get lost in the sensations, but he wanted to pay attention so that he would have an idea of what to do when he did this for Will. Will really did know him too well and was suddenly back looking at him.

“Let go, Wes. There’s plenty of time to learn. Just let go for me now.” Will gave him a short bruising kiss before moving back down his body and once again engulfing him in wet heat.

Wesley did what Will had wanted. He lost himself to the sensations of Will’s mouth, one hand tangled in Will’s hair, and the other grasping at the sheets. He was babbling incoherently, not sure if he was even forming actual words.

He had just enough brainpower left to notice that it was Will’s name on his lips when he came so hard he nearly blacked out. He lay there in a daze, barely aware of Will leaving sticky kisses along his body.

He hadn’t had anywhere near enough time to recover before Will was kissing him and he was drowning in sensations again. He was vaguely aware of his taste in Will’s mouth. It was disgusting, though probably not as much as it should have been, but he found himself not caring.

He managed to break off the kiss.

“Will, please.” Once again, Wesley was thankful that Will knew him as well as he did. Will moved to Wesley’s side and gathered him in his arms, one hand gently stroking Wesley’s back.

“Just don’t fall asleep on me, Wes.” Wesley snorted and melted into Will’s embrace, his breathing slowly returning to normal. When his brain functions returned, Wesley noticed that Will was pressed completely against him, yet something was obviously missing.

He shot Will a questioning look, and for the second time that day, Will blushed.

“Sorry, I, um, I already…” Will trailed off and wouldn’t look Wesley in the eye. He knew he probably shouldn’t, be he couldn’t resist. He chuckled.

“Geez Will. Did you even have to touch yourself?” Wesley grinned at him and Will blushed even deeper.

“Barely,” came the whispered reply. And because Will was just too cute this way, Wesley had to kiss him.

Reluctantly, he pulled away. They needed to talk.

“Guinan knows.” It may not have been the best way to start the conversation, but it was short and to the point. He felt Will stiffen. He used the hand that was lying on Will’s chest to trace out patterns and to gently run his fingers through Will’s chest hair in an attempt to soothe him.

“She said that I could talk to her whenever I needed to, and that she’s not a gossip, and that she only figured it out from her years of working there and seeing things like that all of the time.”

Will still didn’t say anything. Wesley didn’t really want to tell him the rest, but Will needed to know how Wesley felt. He knew that Will would want to know.

“I thought about not telling you because I was afraid you would say that we couldn’t do this anymore or that if we still did this, then we couldn’t do things like have lunch together anymore. But I couldn’t not tell you, I couldn’t do that to you.”

Wesley could feel his heart racing again, but for a completely different reason this time. He really hadn’t wanted to tell Will about Guinan. He really was afraid of how he’d react, and maybe he had been right to be worried because Will still hadn’t said anything.

Wesley could feel tears beginning to form. He propped himself up and looked down at Will. He cleared his throat and swallowed hard, wanting to make sure that his voice remained steady.

“Will? Will, please talk to me.” Will wasn’t even looking at him. Wesley felt a few of the tears flow down his cheeks, and watched as one fell on Will. That seemed to shake Will out of his reverie though.

Will finally looked at Wesley. He grabbed Wesley’s face with his hands and kissed him once before wrapping his arms around him and pulling him close. Wesley felt the tension ease out of both of them.

“I’m sorry, I just…”

“I know.”

“We’ll be okay with Guinan. She really isn’t a gossip, and she has nothing to gain by saying anything. Still, I’ll talk to her the next time I’m there.” Will placed a kiss to the top of Wesley’s head. “Also, you don’t have to worry about…what you were worried about. I wouldn’t do that.”

“Even if we were found out or about to be found out by…”

“Even then,” Will whispered, almost as if he had been surprised by the fact that he cared about Wesley enough to admit something like that.

There were butterflies, the good kind, and his heart skipped a few beats, and there were a few more tears. He kissed Will, and wished that he never had to stop kissing Will.

When they finally did break apart, Wesley buried his face in Will’s neck, inhaling deeply and letting out a long satisfied sigh.

He could feel and hear the unspoken words between them with every exhalation. It was there for the both of them, but it was too soon, it was too soon to voice these feelings.

He fell asleep feeling it and hearing it in every one of Will’s exhalations, and he knew that Will was feeling and hearing the exact same thing with every one of Wesley’s exhalations.