A dream within a dream?

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Cove, Chapter 4 (mF, cons, interr, magic, mc, nc, parody, impreg?, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

A few minutes later, the naked couple were under the shower head in Cove's bathroom.

"This is amazing!" Ignis marveled, blinking as she looked up at the spray of water. "Normally water would cool my fire and petrify my flesh, but this is delightful!"

What was delightful to Cove was Julie's hot body, which the lava being Ignis had possessed due to an accident with her magic black marble. As he beheld his naked housekeeper before him, his cock started to get hard again. He reached around and moved his hands to her C-cup breasts.

"Oh! You desire me again, my champion?" she asked as he ground his hardness into her butt. "Yes, give me more of your lava..." She leaned forward and pressed her hands against the tile of the shower, making it easy for him to direct his hard but average-sized cock into her sultry depths from behind. "Yess.."

Cove could feel the remains of his previous cum lubricating the inside of her pussy, allowing him to immediately start stroking into her. He knew he'd last longer this time because of it.

"You are...deeper this time..." she moaned as he slammed into her.

Cove had had a crush on Julie for a while now. Never in his wildest dreams -- well, his wildest dreams up until a couple days ago -- had he thought that he'd have a chance with the gorgeous blonde housekeeper. Ignis had said that Julie found him attractive! He thrilled at that, and lightly pinched her nipples, making her gasp again as he continued to thrust into her.

"That...feels...gooood..." she moaned, and came. "Un-hh-hh..."

Cove felt Ignis' borrowed pussy clamp down on his cock, and despite his certainty that he would last longer this time, it urged him into his own orgasm. "Oh shit! Unhh!" He rammed into the possessed woman's orgasming body and felt his second cum of the morning splash into her unprotected depths.

"Ohh...ohhh..." Ignis moaned as she continued to cum, her cervix spasming open as Cove's sperm-filled semen pelted it, several drops slipping inside Julie's womb.

Cove pulled out and staggered back, bumping into the shower wall. He had worn himself out!

"Mmm!" Ignis moaned as she stood up and let the shower flow over her as she massaged her borrowed breasts. "I feel so good, Cove! I have never known such pleasure before."

Cove felt some pride at hearing that. He figured that maybe he was instinctually good at sex? But then he realized that, as a lava creature, Ignis probably had never had sex before him, so he was only the best she'd ever had.

They finished their shower and got dressed. Cove had to help Ignis get Julie's bra back on. She had tried to convince him to allow her to keep it off, but her nipples were very visible through her tank top without it!

Then Cove took the black marble, paused for a moment, and at Ignis' nod, swallowed it.

---

A little later, Ignis paused. "I feel odd."

"Odd like what?"

"Like I may have a sexual release again, but it is a pressure, here." She indicated her lower stomach. "Should I release it?"

"NO!" Cove realized that she had pointed to her guts, or maybe her bladder, but either way...he took her to the bathroom and helped her figure it out over the toilet...it was actually both #1 and 2.

Afterward, Ignis wrinkled Julie's nose. "I am less enchanted with flesh now."

---

Cove was glad that his Mom had gone out with her girlfriends. He helped Ignis do the rest of Julie's job, changing the other bed, washing the dishes, taking out the garbage, and dusting. Due to the pair of them working together, they finished early.

"Can I take you out to see my world?" Cove asked.

---

Ignis was overwhelmed. Cars, so many people...she was glad to enter a cool restaurant to fill what she called "an uncomfortable emptiness" in her midsection. Thankfully, Cove didn't have to show her much of eating; she got the hang of it pretty quick, and it was just burgers, so they ate with their hands. However, Julie's tank top had ketchup stains on it afterward.

Looking at the red stains on her chest as they walked to Julie's house, Cove had a sudden thought. He had killed four murderous assholes in Ignis' world, and since he had assumed that it was all in a dream, it hadn't mattered. "Ignis? Did I actually kill those people in your world?"

She turned to regard him. "You feel remorse? It does you credit, Cove, but they were beyond redemption, using their gifts to hurt others."

"But couldn't I have just used the marble to take their power away? Then they couldn't hurt anyone."

"The orb's ability to take their power is not permanent, so you must complete the process and end them, my champion. I'm sorry, but there is no other way." They had reached Julie's apartment building, and Cove used her keys to let them inside. As they entered Julie's apartment, he kind of felt like an intruder in her life, strangely even more so than the couple times that he had sex with her possessed body.

They watched TV on her couch for a while, but Ignis got bored and focused on Cove, putting her feet into his lap. He reached down and massaged her dainty toes. "Mmm..." she sighed and smiled. Soon her heel was pressing into his crotch, causing his penis to fill with blood. "Come to me..." she commanded him, and opened her legs wide.

He rushed forward and pressed his lips to hers. Soon their clothes were gone, and he slipped his hard cock back into her very wet pussy.

"Yesss..." she moaned as she angled her hips up into his thrusts, "I need it...give it to me..."

She came twice before Cove filled Julie's vulnerable reproductive system up with another load of potent sperm, making Ignis moan in pleasure.

Then they fell asleep in each other's arms.

---

Cove woke to find himself in Ignis' cavern again. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the marble. "Yes!"

The lava moved, pulling up into Ignis' feminine form. "You return, my champion."

He relaxed and picked up the black knife from its usual place at the edge of the caldera. "Oh, good, you're back."

"Where else would I be?"

Cove paused, confused. "Still in Julie."

Ignis cocked her head. "Who?"

And then Cove realized that something was very, very wrong.

---

Cove stared at the lava woman. This didn't make any sense! He had accidentally brought the onyx marble to his own world, where it had allowed Ignis to possess his housekeeper, Julie, and they had incredible sex, several times. Then, when he brought the marble back to Ignis' world, she seemed to have no memory of being in his world.

"Um, never mind...what have you been doing since the last time you saw me?" he asked her carefully.

She tilted her head. "Patiently awaiting your return, my champion. I am limited in my movements due to my nature." She waved a fiery arm to encompass the pool of lava that was her home.

Cove thought quickly. If she hadn't gone to his world, then what had happened? Then he had it: he had fallen asleep in this world, so his trip 'home' had actually just been another dream within this one, like that Christopher Nolan movie! That discussion with Julie/Ignis about him actually killing people had just been his own fear. He smiled, proud that he had figured it all out.

"Cove?"

He snapped back to the present. "Right! Do you have another asshole for me to take out?"

---

This time Cove had to delve deep into the earth (he wondered if it could be called earth if he was no longer on Earth?), into great caverns with tall, carved pillars that seemed familiar. There were chittering sounds echoing from all around him, but he couldn't see from what. Even though there were more of those glowing crystals lining the walls and pillars, as in the other subterranean places in this world, their light was faint here, making the shadows around him deep and dark.

Suddenly, a boom rang out from further down the huge, long corridor he found himself in, and a reddish-orange glow started to fill the far end. Something dark, fiery and huge was there, coming toward him...

"RUN!" A man and a woman rushed past him, the well-muscled man carrying a large sword and the lithe woman a couple of daggers in hand. He hadn't noticed them due to being distracted by the massive glowing figure approaching. Caught up in their fear, Cove hesitated and then ran after them.

As they approached the end of the tunnel, the man went down from an arrow in the leg from somewhere out of the darkness. Cove and the woman turned to help him, but then another arrow blossomed in the man's throat and he died gurgling on his own blood. The woman shrieked in fury but ran on, Cove following.

Out of the main cavern but still underground, he found himself crossing a narrow stone bridge without handrails, the expanse below dark and seemingly endless. The woman was already across and racing toward a bright exit, but as Cove reached the middle of the expanse, he felt the heat upon his back as something massive stamped down behind him. Realizing why this seemed so familiar, he turned and looked up...waaay up. "You shall not pass?"

Before him was a massive fiery demon, 40 feet tall, shadow and flame personified. It bellowed its rage at him.

Cove fished the marble out of his pocket. He had to be careful, because if he missed, his only method to de-power this beast would fall into the crevasse below. Swallowing his fear (and the considerable saliva in his throat), he rushed forward. The demon swung its claw through the air where Cove would have been if he had stood his ground, but it had been taken by surprise, and now the young man was too close for such an attack.

Cove felt the blistering heat emanating from the creature's body, reminding him of Ignis, and threw the marble point blank. There was a flash, and suddenly there was a naked, bald older man there, still furious. The man, whose face seemed sort of familiar, quickly recovered from the sudden size change and punched Cove in the face.

"OW! Fuck, dude!" That had actually hurt his nose, and he pulled the obsidian blade from his belt as the man, who seemed spry for his middle age, leapt at him.

The man grabbed Cove's knife arm with a strong grip and brought his face close. "Angleeskee?" he asked.

Cove froze. "What...?"

The man brought a knee up and slammed it painfully into Cove's side, knocking the teen down, perilously close to the edge of the abyss. The knife skittered to the side, out of reach. The man advanced menacingly on Cove.

Then the hilt of a dagger was sticking out of the middle of the man's chest. He looked down at it, gave a little laugh, as if he didn't believe it, and then dropped to his knees. The woman crossed the rest of the bridge and readied her other dagger.

"Wait!" Cove yelled, and she paused. Cove grabbed the black knife and gave it to her. "Use this."

She gave the obsidian blade a moment's consideration, shrugged, and cut the man's throat. He fell to the stone floor, and seconds later, his body transformed into those strange sparkles that were absorbed into the ground.

The woman handed Cove back the black knife and he managed to find the marble where it had fallen. Then he heard that chittering sound again, and arrows flew out of the darkness past him and the woman. They ran for the exit.

Safe in the light of day, they headed out of arrow range down a hill and around a boulder, where they found a nice meadow. "Gandalf ain't got nothin' on us. Thanks," he said to her, and she nodded. "I'm Cove."

"Mistralle," she responded, and as she pulled back her cloak he could see long brunette hair and pointed ears...she was an elf!

She gave him a measured look. "How did you transform the demon into a man, Cove?"

"My magic marble." He pulled it out for her inspection, but then put it away into his pocket again. After what had happened with Julie, no matter if it had just been a dream, he didn't want to force women to be possessed by Ignis, even if that would get him his 'reward'.

Mistralle came close. "I should thank you properly for saving me." Then she put one hand on his chest as she examined his face, her pupils dark and measuring.

Cove was quite happy to be rewarded without Ignis having to co-opt someone's body. "Yeah? Well, you saved me too, but I'm not arguing." The slim elf was quite beautiful, and her face came close as her hands roamed his body.

Suddenly she stiffened, and Cove was confused at the sudden change in her energy. "You okay?"

"I am well, my champion." She looked back at him as Ignis would, and then held out the marble for him.

"How...?" Cove goggled. "Oh, she was trying to steal it!" Well, she did it to herself, he realized as he returned the small ebon orb to his pocket.

They found a bedroll in Mistralle's pack and unrolled it, and then Ignis and Cove removed their clothes before laying down in the sunny meadow, the serene vista an incredible juxtaposition from the dark, murderous cavern. Cove couldn't take his eyes from the slim woman's body. She had less curves than Julie, but was athletic, with an attractive muscle tone. He took one of her small breasts in hand and sucked on a pointy nipple.

"Oh-hh..." Ignis moaned as she closed her eyes and smiled. "So many parts of fleshy bodies can feel pleasure...it is amazing...but come, fill me with your lava..." She opened her legs and Cove moved his hard cock down between them. "Yesss..." she hissed as he slipped inside her.

Cove was amazed at how similar and yet different each woman felt inside. Mistralle's athletic body gripped him as Ignis arched her back in pleasure. He moved to her other nipple, and she groaned as he sucked it into his mouth while continuing to thrust into her.

"I will have...an eruption...soon..." she moaned as she thrust her hips up at him. "Harder...harder..."

Cove was getting close as well, and redoubled his movements. His shaft was tingling, his scrotum drawing closer to his core for the release, and then he was there: "Unh! UHH!" he cried out as his teen cum splashed into the elf's unprotected depths.

"Yeeesss..." Ignis/Mistralle moaned, and Cove felt her possessed body's insides grip him, urging all the sperm that he could produce from his balls. "Fill me with your lava...huhh..."

Then the sex was over, and Cove rolled off of her, feeling euphoric. "Oh man..."

"I will see you soon, my champion."

"Hm?" Cove could see his body fading again. "Oh...yeah, later..."

---

Cove woke up alone in the dark, covered in the results from another wet dream. He shook his head at the weird dream-within-a-dream he had experienced. Of course his dream lover hadn't somehow possessed his hot housekeeper! Dreams were dreams and reality was...

His arm bumped into the back of a couch. He realized that he wasn't in his bed! He sat up quickly and grabbed his phone to activate its flashlight. He was on Julie's couch! He felt a slight breeze and spied a shadowed form on the balcony through the open sliding door. "Julie?"

"No."

"Ignis." Cove rose and made his way to her.

She turned and he could see that she had been crying.

"Hey, it's okay..." he told her, taking her shoulders and turning her nude form to him. "You're here with me, your champion. But...I'm really confused. Is this real?"

She nodded. "Does *she* know about me?"

"She who?" Cove took a moment before he understood the question. "The 'you' over there? No. I thought that maybe the 'you' here was a dream. How can you be here and there at the same time? And why didn't you go back with me?"

She hugged herself, shivering. The air was cooler that night. "I didn't think that it would work, but I hoped."

"Couldn't you just do whatever you do back in your world after you take someone over?"

She looked up into Cove's eyes and down again. "Not without the knife."

Cove blinked. "The knife? Well, I can't swallow that!" he joked. Then he considered. "Wait, what do you do with the knife?"

She leveled an intense gaze at him. "I have lied to you, Cove. The women I previously possessed are all dead now."

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)