It all started the day I got the phone call from the university I wanted to transfer to got had an opening mid semester, I arrived late on a rainy day and had class right away. I dumped my bags in my dorm room and headed straight over to my first class with Professor McDonald the head of the art department who was teaching the class about compositions and colours. I was drenched from the rain when I ran in to class with a black parka on with low-rise jeans and white ripped tank top and no underwear on which left nothing to the imagination, my hair started to curl with the wetness although a bit messed looked not to bad.

I handed him my transfer slip just before he was about to give me into trouble for being late, that's when he got the phone call, which looked to be a disturbing one at that and excused himself from the studio to his office to continue his conversation. 

When he returned he looked upset, not his usual composed self and had forgotten completely to yell at me. All the class continued with their compositions but it appeared to me that he was looking more and more unhinged as the minutes past. 

'Continue with your composition I shall be back in a little while' he said and he walked back into his office closing the door behind him. 

I took a seat at an empty canvas and easel, I removed my coat and sat waiting on his return for instructions. When he hadn't returned I decided to go and check on him being that he looked so upset, just to make sure nothing was too untoward after his strange phone call also trying to get myself off the hook for being late.

#Let me tell you about Professor McDonald before we continue into the events that are about to unfold, he is around fifty but boy does he look good, if you didn't know you would think he was maybe forty, he is around 6 foot, well built, muscles, just a touch of grey in the sides of his black hair, piercing blue eyes, well groomed and impeccable taste in clothes, women, food, art, gifts and cars. #

I knocked on his office door with no reply I opened the door slowly and quietly to see Professor McDonald quietly sobbing on the couch in the corner of his office, I walked in cautiously. 

'Sir, are you okay?' I said calmly as I approach with caution. 

He looked up at me with a deer in the headlights look of not only being caught crying but by one of his new younger students. He jumped up and hurried over to close the door behind me, but stumbled on a red and black persian rug in the process and pushed me against the door closing it and pining me in-between. His arms at my shoulders pushed on the door with me held in-between, I froze not sure of what to do. 

His face was only inches from mine, I felt his breath on my face, the minty coolness of his breath, and I looked up at him with uncertainty and wanting. We stood like this for what felt like an hour but was possible more like five minutes, just as I am was about to say something he leaned down kissing me in the most passionate way I have ever been kissed. His hands moved from the door to my shoulders and my back as they started to tremble he reaches down to the waistband of my low-rise jeans, his hands roamed furiously over my ass as he grabed my ass and lifted me up, automatically I wrapped my long toned legs around him, I can feel hard throbbing cock pressed against the crotch of my jeans as he grinded against me pushing me hard on the steel cold door. 

My hands were running through his hair as we kiss so passionately, he shoved his tongue in my mouth, our tongues danced together, tasting mint and coffee as they do. I started unbuttoning his black shirt as I am getting into the atmosphere of what happened, he suddenly broke the lip lock session and headed south, reaching my heaving chest he pulled my t-shirt off and started to tease my already erect nipples, twirling his tongue around the pale pink of my areolas, sucking on my nipple and even nibbling on them ever so gently, as I start to moan he realises who he is with and pulled away from my breasts, letting go of my ass as he has to figured out what he had just done. 

He backed away from me, leaving me leaning against the door breathing heavy, covering my breasts with my arm as I picked up my tank top and fixing my lip-gloss, he spoke so quietly.

'I'm sorry, so sorry. I'm sorry, so sorry.' he said repeated only those four words over and over again.

He sat on the couch that he was just sobbing on fifteen minutes previous to what had just happened. I stood up and walked towards him stopping to fix the crumpled up persian rug he had stumbled over making sure nothing was out of place incase anyone were to walk in. I stood in front of him my crotch at his face level, I looked down at him waiting for an explanation for what had just happened.

He looked at my crotch then looked up at me and asked me to sit next to him on the brown leather couch, I do as he asked and sat beside him facing him with my legs folded under my butt and my hands on my lap. He turned to me and placed his hand atop mine, 

'What we have just done was a mistake and was inappropriate, it was my fault Lexi not yours, I was swept up in my emotions and you came into my office with your sweet smiling face to check on me' He said as he tried to reassure me and himself I suspect.

He went onto rub my hand and then rested his hand on my thigh. 

'What was the phone call was about sir?' I asked him innocently.

'Call me Andrew', he looked at me with a sadness in his eyes.

'My daughter has been rushed into hospital because she lost her baby whilst she was on holiday to Canada.' he sighed with teary eyes.

By this time all I could hear was the rain battering on the window as he was now stroking my thigh, my eyes glazed over and I went into my mind thinking 'what he is going to do next and how could he do that when thinking about his daughter?' But the next thing I knew there's a knock at the door before anything else can happen The Dean of the university entered.

I had never seen Professor McDonald move so quickly to get away from me in all the time I had been at the university as he did at that moment The Dean came into his office. The Dean asked me to leave so she could talk to Professor McDonald, so I got up from the sofa and left them to it. 

#Let me give you a little description of The Dean she is in her mid forties, a good looking woman for her age, she has light blonde hair, about 5'5 in height, medium build, I'd say she's maybe 38B, and did I mention the Professor McDonald and The Dean are married? Didn't think I did. As you have probably guessed they have a daughter of 21 together Anna, we went to high school together not that we were ever friends though. The Dean couldn't even tell her husband about their daughter face to face she had to phone him, which lead to the events between him and I. Not a great marriage I would say.#

As I walk out his office everyone looked up at me, have you ever wondered what its like for everyone to be staring at you? Well I now know.

I went over to where I was sitting and started on my composition, just at the moment The Dean stormed out of Professor McDonald office red in the face stared at me, then Professor McDonald came out looking quiet smug about something or another. 

He then went on to say 'class is over for today everyone leave immediately, except for you Lexi' pointing at me. *I go red in the face* as everyone goes 'Ohh the new girls in trouble, Lexi's in trouble' then I was alone with Professor McDonald.

I was still sat at my workspace waiting on what the Professor was going to say or even do, as I thought this he walked to the studio door and locked it, placing the key in the left hand pocket of his tight jeans. He went into the wardrobe cupboard where all the outfits were kept for when we had to sketch live models, and I wondered what the hell is going on?! He reappeared some ten minutes later with a little black dress and a pair of six inch dominatrix black patent shoes; I furrowed my brow not knowing what he was expecting from me and that outfit. He motioned for me to follow him into his office I followed him warily inside, by this time he has placed the dress and shoes on the leather couch.

'Get changed into the dress and shoes now Lexi!' he commanded. 

I didn't know whether it was shock or fright maybe even a little submission on my part but I did as I was told for the first time in my life.

He left me in his office to change, I removed my hot pink doc martin boots first, then my tank top, I pulled the tight material of the dress over my milky white 36C breasts and blush coloured erect nipples, it stretched over them looking like the dress was painted on my body, then I pulled it down to the top of my jeans, unbuttoned those and slid them down over my toned thighs they hit the floor with a thud, finally I pulled the dress down under my ass cheeks the dress just covered them. 

'What a day not to wear any underwear' I thought. 

As I was about to walk out I remember the shoes and went back for them, I pulled them on and buckled the three straps to the buckles on each shoe, I teetered out to the Professor, as I don't normally wear high heels, he was sitting at his desk across the room. 

I stopped as I saw him looking up from his book he had been reading while I changed. He got up and walked over to a red velvet chaise long and said 'Sit there Lexi and I'll change your position in a moment'.

He motioned me to sit for him, I nodded and done as I was asked not wanting to upset anything after all I was late and he wanted to paint me. I sat down and he hurried over to a covered canvas that was placed on an easel in the corner of the room, slowly he pulled the dust sheet from it, he had already painted the chaise and was just waiting on the right muse to finish the painting. I guess I was that muse. 

I pulled the dress down trying to keep everything covered and my modesty in tact since after all it was my first day. He came back over to me and positioned me the way he would like me to lay, by this point my bald pussy was out on show as he had placed one leg over the side of the chaise and the other dangling over the edge. My head was on a white leather pillow and my left arm placed under my left breast with the left hand placed gently atop my right breast whilst my right arm was draped falling off the chaise and onto the floor. 

As I laid there I started to wonder if this was how university professors normally do business and I asked Professor McDonald.

'I don't think this is appropriate Professor McDonald, shouldn't you have a model or something for this?'

'How do you think you got in to this university mid semester Lexi? Did you really think it is because of your genius creativity and brilliant use of compositions? Of course not, you silly girl I'm the reason your here. I WANT YOU!!! I NEED YOU!!! I remember when I first saw you at school with my daughter Heather, and I knew from that moment I would have you as my muse!' he said with a sadistic look upon his face. 

I sat up and looked at him stunned with my mouth open willing for the words to come forth. 

'Pppprofessor McDonald you mean you put my application through? I always thought you were staring at me but I just figured it was just my imagination because I always had a crush on you when I was in high school. I can't believe you brought me here on scholarship so you could use me for your muse and guilty pleasures!' I stuttered.

As I went to get up he blocked my path to the office where my clothes were, he held my shoulders then kissed me like before hard and fast, passionate and dirty. Pushing me back onto the chaise I laid back for him, he pushed between my legs and laid on top of me still kissing me holding my hands above my head. As we were laying there his hand wandered down to my breasts, he started to tweak my nipples, still with my arms held above my head, his hand travelled again down to between my legs, he found my rosebud clit and started to rub gently but picked up speed as I started to moan softly arching my back. I bit my bottom lip and closed my eyes as Professor McDonald started using his tongue on my nipples, still rubbing at my clit, he slipped a finger in my slit. 

He released my arms and unbuttoned his denims, pushed them down letting his thick 6 inch cock pop out and hit my clit, he rubbed the mushroom head of his cock against my lips, feeling my wetness he pushed and slid half the way in, I opened my eyes wide realising what was happening.

'Oh god Lexi you're so tight and wet' He said and gasped.

He pushed more, inching in little by little till he was all the way inside. He grunted as he slid in and out of the warmth of my tight pussy, I wrapped my legs around him locking them under his ass, the heels of my shoes digging into his thighs, I pulled his shirt off and run my freed hands down his back dragging my nails I heard him moan, he grabbed my arms and pinned them above my head again using them as an anchor as he started to pick up pace and fuck me hard. 

I closed my eyes moving my hips to meet his thrusts as our pelvic bones collided, he lowered his head to rest on my neck, I could feel his heavy breath against my skin, I nibbled on his ear making him almost cum instantly, he looked up grunting as he started to give me an orgasm he came inside me, he kept rocking back and forth till he was spent. 

He got off me pulling his trousers up as he walked over to the canvas he shouted 'don't dare move Lexi!', I lay there spent no able to move anyway, he started to paint me as his spent muse laying there surrounded by the smell of sex. 

Dress around my waist no longer did it even resemble a dress more like a corset for the waist, my legs apart on either side of the chaise, arms above my head still in place, I turned my head ever so slightly to look at him with bedroom eyes and a slight pouted smirk, he painted for an hour or so then told me 'get cleaned up, there is a shower in my office.' I unbuckled the shoes and swayed into his office sliding the dress off as I walked. I left it laying the middle of the studio floor as I entered his office.

I went into the bathroom and as I turned the shower on I felt a presence in the room, it was Professor McDonald back for round two in the shower, he pushed me against the glass wall and was about to enter me from behind when we heared his wife, The Dean in the studio calling 'Andrew, Andrew?' he rushed out to meet her leaving me in the shower unsure what to do so I cleaned up and hurried to get dressed trying to make my hair look as dry as possible. 

I crouched hiding behind the leather couch in his office just encase The Dean and him came in, the door opened I peek under the couch to see just Professor McDonalds feet I stood up from behind the couch, he looked at me with sadness and wanting in his eyes. 

'Professor that's was close, too close' 

'I told you to call me Andrew' 

'Ok Andrew that was close, too close. Better?'

'I have a private studio downtown Lexi maybe I could paint you there instead? The address is unit 12 on Church St, do you know it?' I nodded writing my phone number down leaving it on his desk then I grabbed my coat and bag, I left him there watching me leave. 

***************************

My phone rang around eleven am, I let the answering machine pick it up, four days of hiding in my room alone and not going to class, Professor McDonald phoned and left a me a message saying 

'Why have you not been attending class this week Lexi? I need to see you ASAP! Phone me back right away.'

I ignored the message like the four before it and fell back to sleep, I woke up to hearing my door being knocked, not thinking straight having been awoken from my sleep I rushed over to get it and fall over various items of clothing I had left laying on the floor. As I reached the door I saw Professor McDonald through the spy hole I gasped and put my back against the door sliding down to the floor. I could hear him asking people that were passing if they had seen me lately, he didn't get anywhere asking people so left a package at the front door. I stood back up as he was walking away, I looked through the spy hole till I seen him leave then I went to the window and seen him getting into his car before I opened the door to get the package which turned out to be a box with a bow on top.

I picked up the package that was placed at my door and took it inside, placing it on the coffee table I sat looking at for about twenty minutes unsure whether to open it or not. Eventually I plucked up the courage to open the box to see what was inside, it was the little black dress, the three buckle six inch black patent dominatrix shoes and an envelope. I left the dress and shoes inside the box and took the envelope out sitting it next to the package, I looked at it wondering what the heck it was about, I went and make a cup of sweet tea, taking a sip I came back to the table I lifted the envelope and opened it slowly. As a pulled the letter out a key fell on to the floor with a clatter, I reached down picking the key up and put it on the table, I continued to open the letter to see what it had to say. 

The letter read, 

'To my dearest Lexi, please talk to me or meet me in a public place, I just need to see you, to smell your sweet smell and see you beautiful face. Inside is a key to my studio the one we spoke about I will be there from five pm till 12 midnight everyday this week waiting on you. Always yours, Andrew X'. 

I sat down in the armchair with the letter in one hand and the key in the other, pondering what to do. I thought to myself 'Should I go or just call him? What does he really want? Do I want this to go any further?'. 

Eventually I decided to call him on his mobile number that was on the header of the letter. The phone rang twice and he answered.

'Lexi? Is that you?' 

'Yes Profess...Andrew, its me.' 

'Lexi will you meet me now? Please!' 

'Um...I can't, I don't think we should meet outside of class again, I mean you're my professor and I'm your student it should stay that way shouldn't it?' he paused thinking about what he could do to persuade me to change my mind. 

'Well Lexi, lets try meeting in public because it cannot just be a professional relationship as we have went this far now.' I started thinking about what he had just said and the tone he said it in is sounding very sinister right at that moment. 

'Fine I will meet you, where do you want to meet?' 

'How about the train station it is as public as you can get, platform 3, four pm?' 

'Ok that's fine I will be sitting on a bench waiting.' 

'Oh Lexi could you please wear the dress and shoes? Please?! Pleaase!' I paused thinking no harm could come from that since we were going to be in a public place. 

'Ok, you have a deal Andrew, four pm at the station.' 

'Thank you Lexi' I hung up the phone and threw it on the table. 

I looked at the clock it was three pm already I rushed in a shower to get ready to meet him, I tied my hair up in a pony tail to save me time washing it. I came out of the shower, I put on my underwear, then that little black dress and finally the black patent shoes, which I could not walk in but I said I would so I wore them. I thought to myself should I put a coat on or not I looked at the clock realising it was quarter to four and the station was twenty minutes away, no time for a coat I called a taxi to get me there on time.

I arrived at the station dead on four pm, I hurried out of the taxi and into the station trying to move as quickly as possible to get to the platform but in those shoes it was impossible. I got the escalators to platform three as I got up there was no one around, I walked over to a bench in the middle of the platform and sat down to wait on Andrew. I thought to myself 'he would pick the one platform which only one train a day goes into knowing there wont be anyone around except the people going to the monument.'

I looked over at the clock on the wall of the platform it was now twenty past four, I looked down at my hands thinking how could I have been so stupid to come here like this when I heard footsteps, I glanced to my left and it was Andrew. I looked at him disgusted for being late and leaving me sitting here dressed like this for thirty minutes. He sat next to me, placing his hand on my thigh he grasped at my flesh making it redden.

'Why do you not have a coat on Lexi?'

'I was running late and didn't have time to pick one up, but by yours standards I was very early!' his hand moves up my thigh till he reaches my underwear and he has a puzzled look on his face.

'Why do you have underwear on?'

'Because we are meeting in public and we are not going there again.'

He edged closer to me grabbing my face to kiss me, I pushed him away as I hear a train coming in.

'Don't!, I do not want this with you.'

'Well Lexi I'm not sorry for doing it and I will do it again if I get the chance to'

As I was about to answer him The Dean came along the platform toward us, stopping in front of me, she looked down at me and grabbed Andrew's hand leading him away from me.

He followed behind her looking back at me as I looked at him from the bench.