Hi ! I'm Ramesh & am studying in College. Initially it felt very awkward to describe my own sex escapades to everyone like an open book, but as I read more of the stories I decided to share my experience with all of you in this popular Human Digest Site.

It all started when I was in my 12th class & was having my Pre-Board exams. It was the last exam & I had 45 days preparatory holiday to prepare for my Final Board exams. It was evening and my maman & ammayi (Uncle & Aunty) had just arrived from Bangalore.

Let me tell you about my aunty. She has the most voluptuous body I have ever seen. Typical Indian beauty - had big breasts that seem to always swell whenever she wore her tight blouses had a very sexy smile but the best part was her ass.

God I must have dreamt a thousand times of it. I would always take a seat behind her whenever we watched T.V. & would pray that someone would call her so that as soon as she gets up I catch a glimpse of her wide buttocks with her saree

being tucked in her crack & the way she would innocently pull the piece of her saree with her thumb & index finger. I would just rush to the bathroom & help myself off dreaming of it & hoping to actually caress her ass someday.

But I simply didn't had the guts to do anything more than just watch. My parents who are both working go to the office in the morning & my Uncle (mama) would depart for his business work with them only as my dad would drop him at his workplace.

So that left only me & my aunt alone for the rest of the day. Now I am a late riser & as soon as I wake up I go to the toilet to pee. when I have pissed & wash my hands in the washbasin which is just adjacent to our bathroom I would always hear my aunt's voice

coming from inside as she usually humms a song or two while bathing. The very feeling that she is naked inside makes me hard & I jack off. This went on for 4-5 days till I became bold enough to pierce 5 well concealed holes in the door so that I could get to watch her body

from all corners. Oh that was the best moment of my life seeing her naked taking bath & singing. I soon discovered that she had a very hairy pussy but couldn't still catch a glimpse of her vagina.

It went on for few days & I had decided that I would try to come as close to her as I can. Instead of myself watching cricket I would watch film songs etc. so that she too can join me. Slowly I became so open with her that we would talk about my girlfriends etc.

She had always liked me & always kissed my cheeks since childhood. So now whenever she gave me a kiss I would instantly return her on her dimpled cheek. The first time she was taken aback but took it as if I did it just innocently.

Soon I became so bold that I would kiss her every now and then. It was noon and she was pleading me to let her watch the movie "Kala Pani" on our cable but I was watching cricket. I said okay give me 10 kisses & I would. She agreed, taking it lightly as

I always played with her that way. After she kissed me I started returning it one by one but she was engrossed in the movie. I would every now & then inch closer to her lips,she would just smile & say you naughty boy stop doing it but that made me further bold & I licked her cheek.

She gave a groan & got up to sit on the other sofa. We exchanged glances & few smiles for the next 20 mins. & then the kissing scene in the movie came. That made both of us laugh I got up & sat close to her & this time kissed her on her lips.

She said that save your kisses for future. But who was going to listen I started flattering her saying that she is still very pretty even after marriage & still manages to attract glances from men. She just smiled & I put my hand on her face saying that her skin

is very soft & appreciating her fair complexion I slowly lowered my hand down to her neck & then as I was moving to touch her cleavage she dragged my hand off. But I can't say I was so hot that I just touched her heavy breasts & said that they are very soft & lovely

she didn't knew what to say & just was surprised to see me so bold. I kissed her again caressing her breasts from outside her blouse.She left a groan & that emboldened me to touch her thighs.

As I moved my hands caressing her silken soft thighs towards her inner thighs she stopped me & said that it wasn't good for me to do that. But I was now just out of control & forced my hands towards her crotch.

She said please, don't proceed but she being elder to me & more experienced herself knew that I won't be able to control myself & she said - Ramesh its all a matter of few minutes & you might feel guilty later so why not you just go to the bathroom & "discharge".

I was completely surprised to hear it,my aunty telling me to go and masturbate. I found it a good opportunity & said I could but do it I will have to excite myself so that my penis is fully erect (though it was already the hardest & longest I had ever felt before).

So I told her please let me see your boobs. She agreed after much coaxing. As soon as she removed her blouse, her boobs swelled under her bra & I just grabbed them. She screamed "pathukkeee vethanikkunnu...." (slowly, paining) whereas she had repeatedly

told me before not to touch them. Now I started playing with them & started sucking them one by one.Her hand pulled my head but she was herself hot enough & I soon realised this as she put my head closer to her left breast.

I started sucking her left boob while caressing her other boob & pinched her nipples that were erect. She was groaning heavily "Aah! Aah! mathiii. mathiii Aah! Aah!.I knowing that she didn't actually wanted me to stop, I stopped & looked into her eyes, they were full of lust & she

without wasting any time hugged me & started kissing me. I also caressed her back & moved my hands towards her ass. God was it soft or what.I became so excited that I lifted her saree touching her legs & moving towards her pussy.

She stopped me but I overpowered her & said it will be fun for both of us & she gave up. I touched her crotch,It was very hairy she was sought of embarrassed with my look when I touched her pubic hairs.

Since I had never seen a pussy in real before I tried to lifted her saree but she didn't allow me to see it. So I had to roam my hands inside to find the hole. Finding me unable to locate it she took my hand & guided it their. I pushed my index finger in & it slipped in.

It was very wet & hot inside, she breathed heavily as I worked my finger in & out of her vagina. I inserted my three fingers & she left out a cry that made me almost cum in my pants. I stood up & guided her hands towards my penis but she blushed & turned her head away.

She said that she couldn't so I rushed to the bathroom & jacked myself off. When I returned she was in the kitchen cooking lunch. I went behind her & grabbed her breast from behind & clinged to her body tightly tightly.

My now semi-soft penis was hard in a flash & was pressing against her crack over her saree. She was all the time just blushing & stirring the Curry over the gas. I moved my hands slowly down & sat down on the floor.

Then touching her ankles, I moved my hands up beneath her saree to wards her pussy & then lifted her saree to see her ass. It was very big,the ass cheeks were very soft,I pinched one & it became red.It made me so excited that I started kneading her buttocks.

Her pussy was visible from behind between her legs. It was so wet that I could see drops of her juice on her pussy hairs.Caressing her inner thighs & buttocks I moved the thumb of my both hands towards her pussy& slightly parted the lips.

She threw her head up & groaned slightly parting her legs. I was now fully convinced that she can't stop me from fucking her. So I pulled her from her hand to the bedroom & pushed her on the bed.She lay there in front of me all fours & breathing heavily.

I pulled her saree off & in my excitement tore open her blouse. She sent a naughty smile & pulled my head closed to her breasts repeatedly murmuring "suck it,lick it, bite my nipples". She told me to circle my tongue on her tits.

She was massaging my head vigorously & pooling me from my hairs to her mouth to kiss me. Then I unzipped my pants & lowered my Underwear to expose her my nice hard cock & jumped to enter her. She smilingly said wait.

She now made me lie down on the bed & she stood up. The sight of her breasts bouncing when she stood up made me very hot. She touched my penis & said so you are a big boy now. She rubbed it up & down

Squeezing it very hard which made few droplets of pre-cum ooze out on the tip of my penis. She looking me in my eyes slowly just touched her tongue to my pre-cum & then licked it. She fondled my balls & squeezed my penis.

I told her that I would cum before I entered her. She said she wanted that I should first cum in her mouth so that she can make me hard again & then let me fuck her as that way I would be able to fuck her for long time without cumming quickly.

She licked my balls & with her tip of tongue licked the inner site of my cock to it tip. Finally she took the cock head in her mouth & sucked hard making slurping noise.She would take the entire cock till her throat & bring it out then rub it for few seconds & would again take it in.

She sensing that I was about to cum concentrated only on sucking.The slurping sound of her made me cum loudly in her mouth.That day I might have cummed for almost a minute as if sending a gallon of cum in her.

She swallowed it in & started licking my cock clean.I was too exhausted to look at her while she was cleaning me. When I looked at her I saw a drop or two of my semen dripping down the corner of her lips. That made my cock spring up.

She was surprised & looked at me I pointed her mouth which she understood & licked her lips of all the semen in such an erotic way that I soon found myself hard again. I grabbed her & pushed her on the bed.

Parted her legs & guided my now fully erect cock in her pussy she let out a moan.Slowly & slowly my entire cock slipped into her wet pussy. I started pumping in & out slowly. She started pushing herself up matching my strokes.

It continued for few minutes until she started screaming out "Vegam..ummm vegam". I obliged her by giving fast & deep thrusts.She let out a scream as she threw herself back on the bed & tried to catch some breath.

I too seeing her cum again and fell on her side of the bed. We both were very exhausted. Espescially me as I cum in one day what I could cum in a month. She caressed my face & kissed me.

We lay there naked for half an hour & then she stood up to clear the mess on the bed. She washed the bed sheets & we even had a bath together. We both soaped each other clean & enjoyed. I afterwards fucked her many times during her stay but would still never forget that day.















