The sun always came too early in the morning. Treize yawned as he dressed in his uniform. Wufei was still asleep. Poor boy, he thought, Treize had kept the Dragon up late last night. Although to be fair, Wufei had been the one who woke him up in the middle of the night.

But unfortunately, unlike ex-Gundam pilots, OZ generals were required to get up and go to work come the morning. Treize looked over to the bed to where the sleeping boy laid, hair all mussed and limbs askew. If he couldn't spend the morning in bed, he didn't see any reason why Wufei should.

Sauntering back to the boy's side, a wicked smile on his face, Treize sat down on the edge of the large bed and shook one exposed shoulder. "Wake up, sleepy head, time to get up."

Wufei made an annoyed sound from his throat and burrowed deeper into the bedclothes. Treize attempted to pull the cover off, but Wufei squirmed and held on to the sheets for dear life, grunting something that sounded suspiciously like a curse.

Making a strategic retreat, Treize went to the tray pour a cup of fresh hot coffee from the breakfast tray that had been brought in. He put the cup in front of the tip of the boy's nose; the effect was instantaneous. One dark bleary eye opened and locked on to the source of the aroma and two hands shot out to grab it before he completely woke up.

Trezie held onto the cup, not wishing to anything to spill and burn the boy. "Come on, get up, Dragon," Treize cajoled. "The sun is up."

Wufei reluctantly sat up and took the offered cup, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply. An absolutely blissful look adorned his face as he took a sip; tipped his head back and savoured its taste.

He looked adorable. Trezie couldn't help but further mess up the sleep-tousled hair, and smiled as Wufei shot him a half-hearted glare.

Wufei sighed in contentment. He didn't feel alive before he had his first cup of real coffee. And there was Treize looking at him with fond indulgence.

It was quite… pleasant.

Immediately on the heel of that thought came shame: the shame that he could feel like this about his captor, a man who had destroyed all that was dear to him. With shame came anger: anger at this façade of domesticity, this tender little scene of morning ritual between two lovers, and anger at his easy capitulation to a little warmth and thoughtfulness.

"What's the hurry?" Taking refuge in familiar sarcasm and raising a perfect brow, he asked petulantly, "It's not like I have any big plans for today." Wufei wasn't even allowed to go outside of Treize's chambers.

Treize got up and fetched the breakfast tray for Wufei. He was a little annoyed that the boy deliberately ruined the good mood of this morning.

"Eat it before it gets cold, I don't want you to skip breakfast again." He set the tray on the bed beside Wufei, who looked up at him with a decidedly stubborn look on his face.

Treize shook his head in irritation and began to butter a piece of toast for the boy.

Who was the master here, anyway?

"I received some news just before you woke up," Treize said causally, watching Wufei's reactions from the corner of his eye. "We have your comrade," there was the slight tensing of the boy's body that would go unnoticed by anyone else, "pilot 02. I believe his name is Maxwell."

Wufei's eyes widened, "Duo? How?" Inside of him, he was screaming, ‘No, no, not another one!’

How many of them are left?

And how did everything fall apart so fast? Just a year ago, there had been still five of them: Heero, Duo, Trowa, Quatre and Wufei. Then, there were Duo, Trowa and Quatre. Now, it would only be Trowa and Quatre who are still free and fighting.

Even Relena was gone and much to Wufei's surprise, for a girl that he had never considered as anything other than an annoyance, her death shook the world.

Perhaps the Gundam pilots lost heart after Heero died, but the fundamental common people lost faith after Relena was assassinated. The future looked bleak and hopeless. There seemed to be no reason to fight for anything anymore.

And just how had Duo gotten captured? Had he been trying to rescue Wufei? Treize had announced pilot 05 dead, but could his fellow pilots have discovered the truth? Was Duo's capture his fault?

"He wasn't here for you," Treize answered Wufei’s unvoiced question. He hated the fact that the OZ general could read him like a book. "Pilot 02 was captured trying to infiltrate one of our other bases."

"What are you going to do with him?" Wufei demanded before he thought better of it. ‘Stupid, stupid boy,’ he thought, ‘what did you think was going to happen?’

Treize looked amused. "What we usually do with prisoners of war. I have great hope that he could inform us of where he has hidden his Gundam."

Duo would never tell you anything. The sharp retort was on the tip of Wufei's tongue. However, the past six months had taught him that anyone could be broken, provided time and expertise.

"What's the matter?" Treize asked mildly. "Are you afraid that I would make the same offer to him that I made to you?" One long elegant finger traced the curve of the gold band around Wufei's throat, a small smile tugging at the corner of his lips.

"No!" Wufei denied hotly, not wanting to remember the crazy bargain he had made on the day his fate was sealed.

The first time he ever saw the gold collar…

----------

The sun glinted off the smooth surface of the slender gold band, beautiful and elegant in Treize's hand.

"What is it?" Wufei asked, although he suspected that he didn't want to know.

After he got captured during his last mission, the mission where everything that could possibly go wrong did go wrong, the OZ soldiers had taken him to Treize's private chambers. Instead of interrogating him, Treize offered him a sword and proposed a rematch.

And held out what could only be described as a slave collar.

"The prize of failure." Treize tapped his rapier against one long booted leg, looking as unflappable as ever.

Wufei's stomach clenched, his hand unconsciously tightened on his own sword. "And if I win?"

"Then you are free to go," Treize promised.

It was a crazy proposition - giving a deadly enemy a chance to get free - and only Treize would propose it. But then, why not? Wufei's lips curved into a bitter little smile. Treize could afford the stakes if he should lose.

Wufei adjusted his footing, testing his muscles for readiness. Despite the disaster of the mission and the rough handling of his captors, he had obtained no serious damage. He was covered in grime and bloodstains from head to toe and his clothing was torn but otherwise he was fine.

He had as much a chance of beating Treize as any other time. And this time he would win.

Failure a second time was just too horrible to contemplate.

Facing Treize Khushrenada across drawn blades for the second time, they saluted to each other. The duel had begun.

Wufei could honestly say that it was the best fight he had ever fought. He did not make the mistake he had made the last time he fought Treize; he had kept his temper and stayed focused and in control throughout the fight.

Lunge, parry, coule, retreat, side-step, feint…The universe seemed to of contracted, to have compressed into the small space between him and his opponent, into the glaring of the gleaming blades, of the clanking sounds when the two swords met. He forgot everything else, the reason of the duel and the consequences of failure. The only thing mattered was the next charge of the sword and the rhythm of the fight.

When, at the end, after his sword was knocked out of his hand and the cold steel of Treize's rapier pressed against his vulnerable neck, Wufei closed his eyes, and despair welled inside his heart.

He had failed. Again.

"Kill me," he demanded. It was the same demand he had made the last time when he lost a duel to this man.

But like the last time, the cold steel was lifted from his neck.

"I think not," Treize replied.

Wufei opened his eyes. There was a flash of gold, as the collar landed in front of his feet.

"I believe we had an agreement, Dragon."

Wufei's eyes fixed on the collar in morbid fascination. He couldn't move, couldn't do anything but stare. Laughter bubbled up inside of him, but he pushed it down firmly. Chang Wufei had never been the hysterical type. He was not about to start now.

Even when Heaven was merciless and the Fates conspired against him.

Absently, he heard Treize tapping his sword gently against his long boot. Tap, tap, tap. Consistent, insistent, like the ticking of a clock. Slowly, Wufei reached out his hand to pick up the collar; the slender circle was the heaviest weight he had ever held.

He had lost.

His fingers were shaking when he lifted the collar to fit it around his own neck and, try as he might, he couldn't connect the lock. A pair of larger hands covered his own and with a small 'click' the band locked around his neck.

He had lost everything.

Strong arms encircled his waist, warms lips kissing his neck at the point where the hard collar met soft skin. The arms tightened, imprisoning him, and in his ear Treize's voice was warm and satisfied. "Welcome to my life, Dragon."

----------

Treize poured two glasses of red wine and handed one to Wufei. Wufei took the glass without a word, the dark liquid shone like precious ruby.

"What happens now?" he asked.

"Now we're going to have a little wine." Treize smiled. "You'll like this. Leoville Las Cases AC 138. It's a very good year."

"In honour of your victory?" Wufei's voice was hollow.

Treize lifted his eyes to Wufei’s face, "To strength and sacrifice."

Wufei's own eyes shadowed and he hung his head. "I don't believe I am worthy of such a toast." He shook the wine in hand, mesmerised by the swirling red liquid. Finally, Wufei shook his head, taking his eyes off the ruby liquid and looked up to Treize, marshalling his remain strength. "Why don't we stop playing at this charade? Why don't you tell me, plainly, what you want of me?"

Treize was silent for a time, putting away his wineglass and crossing the room to stand in front of Wufei, standing so close that Wufei had to look up to see into his eyes.

"I thought," Treize began, "that you understood the terms." He traced a finger along the smooth curve of the collar. "But I see that you need clarification."

Wufei watched, paralysed, as Treize's face came closer and closer until finally, after an eternity of dreaded anticipation, Treize's lips covered his own.

The kiss tasted strangely like betrayal.

Before that moment, despite the heat in Treize's eyes and the implications of his words, despite the insinuation presented by the gold collar, Wufei hadn't really believed this of
Treize, couldn't believe it of someone he thought of as honourable, no matter how tainted that honour was.

The hot, hungry mouth busy that was devouring his own drove away any lingering doubts; an agile tongue ruthlessly exploring his mouth, intrusive and possessive. Wufei was sickened, pushing Treize's heavy body away and taking a quick step back.

Treize's face was flushed, his eyes bright with a strange intensity. He looked nothing like the calm, collected OZ commander Wufei had thought he had known.

"Why?"

Masks descended over the cornflower blue eyes in a blink, making them as inscrutable as ever. "Why not?"

Abruptly, Treize turned and crossed the room to retrieve his wine, taking a large swallow. With his back towards Wufei he cautioned the boy, "The collar is fitted with a tracker and a small bomb. It tracks every movement you make and it is programmed to explode the second you set foot outside this base. It also acts as a pain administrator, delivering electric impulses to the nerve centre by remote control."

Ah, so it was a multi-functional slave collar.

A small part of Wufei still couldn't believe that he was being made into a slave - Treize's slave - with a slave-collar to match. "Should I be honoured by this state of art equipment?" he asked bitterly. "All this to humiliate me?"

"No," Treize denied, sounding tired. "All this to keep you." He turned around, facing Wufei. "You asked me to speak plainly, so I shall. Are you going to be difficult, or will you co-operate?"

Co-operate? In my own rape? Wufei felt the urge to laugh hysterically bubbling up again. "If I don't?"

"Then I'll call for the guards outside."

How perfectly humiliating! Wufei did laugh this time. He could just imagine the scene, the burly guards dragging him kicking and screaming to the bed and tying him down, all ready for the Master's pleasure. It wasn't as if Wufei didn't know the inevitable outcome of that confrontation, so he would just save himself the trouble and indignity.

"That won't be necessary," Wufei answered with a quiet defiance, dark eyes blazing. "I'll come quietly." There was even a brittle smile on his lips.

Treize looked startled, but he recovered quickly and tapped the wineglass. "Drink your wine."

His wine? He had forgotten he was still holding it. The deep red of the wine reminded him of a cup of blood and he grimaced. "Why? Did you drug it?"

A pause, then, "Yes."

Wufei stared at the ruby liquid in his hand for a long second, then took a long swallow, draining the glass dry.

Putting the wineglass aside, he looked into Treize's eyes, "Shall we start then, Master?"

----------

The fierce black eyes looked up at him in defiance even now, when they should be clouded with fear and defeat. He still looked every inch the warrior, beaten, but unbowed. Treize's heart swelled with pride.

/Everything I ever wanted…/

Treize finished his own drink and put down his own drink. His hands were steady despite the nervous flutter of excitement in his stomach. He held out his arms and Wufei stepped into them without hesitation, determined to see this through. He felt so right in Treize's arms, soft and slender, like he was made for Treize's embrace.

Treize ran a finger down a caramel cheek, the skin so smooth. Black lashes fluttered and fathomless dark pools met Treize's gaze. Such expressive eyes, eyes that spoke more eloquently than any words ever could. And the lips, red and half-parted in an invitation for a kiss... When Treize took up the unspoken invitation and tasted those lips, he discovered that they were warm and soft and the mouth tasted of the unique sweetness of his dragon.

The boy was passive and compliant at first, allowing Treize to take without reciprocation as Treize explored every surface of the warm coven of the exquisite mouth, sliding against the boy's tongue languidly. Then all of a sudden, the boy kissed him back, pushing his tongue clumsily but forcefully into Treize's mouth, duelling with the older man's own. Wufei's hand grasped onto Treize's dress shirt, standing on tiptoes to get a better purchase. Electricity crackled between them, heating the blood running through their veins and igniting the passion pounding inside their hearts.

Wufei felt hot, his body flushed from inside out. Treize's hands roving on his back sent shivers down his spine. He moaned as those same hands stole inside his loose fitting pants and kneaded his buttocks. Desire, new and powerful, burned inside him as his cock hardened and he plastered himself against the older man, surprised by his own excitement.

There was a new urgency in Wufei's kiss as he humped against Treize's legs, his small hands were busy trying to find a way inside Treize's shirt. Treize's fragile control broke away and the onslaught of passion made his head dizzy, his cock so hard it hurt. He took hold of the boy's tank top and savagely ripped it in half, and moved down to untie the sash around the boy's waist.

Wufei, startled by Treize's actions, pushed the older man away and hastily backed up. He was panting, breathless with desire, but behind the haze of lust, an uneasiness signalled for alarm. "What exactly did you give me?"

"Just something to help you lose your inhibitions." It was a mild aphrodisiac combined with a muscle relaxant.

Wufei closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, trying to clam down his frantic heartbeats. He sighed in relief. "Then this isn't real."

Treize was stung.

It was no more than what he expected, but a part of him, the very part that ordered men to kill or die without regret, wanted to lash back at the boy for the purposeful hurt. He grabbed the boy's arms and caught his mouth in an angry, brutal kiss. He hissed viciously, "Then let's make this real!"

He untied the sash around the small waist, roughly pushing down the silk pants and underwear. Wufei, startled by the sudden violence and weakened by the drug, wasn't quick enough to defend himself against the onslaught.

Treize pushed the boy down to the floor, flipping him over to tie the boy's hands behind his back with his own sash and using his superior weight to keep Wufei immobile. The boy bucked under him, trying to throw Treize off, his fear and anger giving him strength. But Treize remained unmoveable, sitting on the boy's legs, keeping him still, riding out the wild struggle.

A small part of Treize's mind was screaming at him to stop, telling him that this wasn't supposed to happen. But the larger part of him, the part steeped in darkness, revelled in the violence and in the fear pouring off the boy. Wufei himself had agreed to the stakes, he had known what would happen and he had no right to protest now. He had wanted this to be 'real', and so it would be. The reality was that Treize had no need to coerce when he could just take.

The boy was getting tired underneath him, as the drug making his muscles easily exhausted, the bucking reduced to squirming and trembling. A thin film of sweat covered Wufei's naked back, making the skin glow in the darkening light of the twilight. Bending down, Treize kneaded the muscled flesh of one tight buttock and took a vicious bite, hearing the boy cry out in sudden pain.

/I could easily became addicted to the sound of your cries./

His hands roved over the naked body beneath him, sliding over the sharp shoulder blades, the smooth back, the slender thighs, spreading open the tight buttocks and licking the small opening with his tongue. Wufei abruptly stilled, frozen under the sudden invasion. All his earlier arousal had gone during the ugly struggle.

Treize moved off the boy's legs, spreading the firm thighs open and kneeling between them. Wufei lay still, not moving a muscle, his spine a line of resignation. Treize undid his breeches, pushing them down only enough to let out his stiff cock. Roughly, he pushed two fingers inside the small opening.

Wufei gasped, which quickly turning into a sob as he buried his face in the floor, biting on his lower lip to stop the tears from escaping his tightly closed eyelids, his hands clenching and unclenching spasmodically behind his back.

/I will not cry. I will not cry. I will not cry…/

The fingers were withdrawn but were quickly followed by the thick cock. He cried out in pain as he was breached, delicate membranes tearing under the rough assault. Blood sliding down his thighs, easing the way as Treize shoved in with so much force Wufei was sure he had been split in two.

/It hurt. It hurts. Ithurtsithurtsithurtsithurts…/

He had never felt such agony. The pain blindsided him, slicing him open and turning him inside out.

/I will not cry. I will not cry. I will not cry. I will not cry…/

He had bitten his lip completely through, silver tears sliding down his dirtied cheeks against his very will. It hurt so much. Part of his mind was telling him that he was being hysterical, and that the tearing he was receiving couldn't possibly be so bad for the pain to be so overwhelming. But the larger part of him was riding on the sharp blade of agony, trying desperately to shut his mind off from ongoing assault. 

Treize was relentless, pulling out only to push in with another brutal thrust. Wufei sobbed into the carpet, no longer caring about pride or dignity, just pleading for the pain to go away.

/Stop it. Stop it. Stopitstopitstopitstopit…/

But Treize just continued thrust after painful thrust, pounding into Wufei's broken body. The agony continued for an eternity, until Treize shoved in so hard that Wufei felt it in his throat, and climaxed inside his body.

It wasn't sex. It wasn't love. It was simply the winner claiming the spoils, the conqueror dominating the conquered, the strong triumphing over the weak.

It was rape.

Wufei had stopped crying. His eyes were open, but he wasn't seeing anything. He didn't notice as Treize pulled out of his body, untied his wrists, and leaned over to lick along the still-wet tear tracks.

Trieze took the small, partly opened mouth in a gentle kiss, so incongruous with his earlier violence.

"Mine," he whispered into one small, exquisite ear.

Finally mine.

----------

"Are you going to make him the same offer?" Wufei asked, feeling his stomach knot up.

"No."

"Why not?" Wufei looked surprised. "Duo is very attractive." He flushed red as soon as the words were out of his mouth. What on earth had possessed him to say that? Wufei the pimp - was this what he had degraded into?

But Treize was looking at him strangely, his voice soft. "You have no idea how special you are, do you?" he asked as he caressed one smooth cheek of Wufei’s. "No, I won't make that offer to anyone else, no matter how attractive they are," kissing him gently, Treize added, "You are the one I want."

Wufei leaned into the kiss, tears pricking behind closed eyelids. "I hate you," he breathed helplessly.

Treize's smile was sad, "I know."

----------

The next morning, Treize woke up first; Wufei was still asleep, too exhausted by last night's exertion and the emotional upheavals to be awake.

As Treize watched the boy asleep, a rare contentment washed through him. Finally Wufei was here, in his bed, in his life. He was his completely and absolutely.

He got up quietly and went through his morning routine. He'd love to spend the day with his Dragon, but it would be better to give Wufei some space after the drama of last night.

He took some silk cords from the bedside drawer and carefully tied the boy's wrists to the headboard of the bed. Wufei looked so small and fragile lying there, brows knotted in a frown, dried tear tracks on his cheeks. A wave of tenderness washed through Treize and he brushed the errant hair away from the beautiful face.

The dark satin brought out the dark gold of the boy's skin, and the black silk of his hair lying in a curtain on the sheets. He lay bare on the bed, arms bound together above his head as if in prayer, open and vulnerable, an offering made to a God.

It was difficult to leave that morning.

----------

When he went back, barely an hour later, after security had alerted him that Wufei had escaped his bonds, he found Wufei standing and staring at the pile of clothing that was set out for him.

Shirts, vests, pants, scarves… They were made of the sheerest silk, rich velvet and supple leather… all the colours of rainbow, shimmering prettily in the morning light. It was a wardrobe that would do any pleasure boy proud.

Wufei whirled around and the hatred in his eyes, newly born and shining, took Treize's breath away. For one second, Treize regretted the course he had chosen and mourned over the lost possibilities. But there was no point in regrets, he told himself. What was done was done.

He smiled wryly. "You don't like my gifts, Dragon?"

Wufei snarled, picking up the nearest weapon at hand, which happened to be Treize's rapier. He pointed the sword at Treize, barely stopping himself from running an unarmed Treize through where he stood.

Treize just looked at him, nodded at the sword. "I believe that belongs to me."

"I'll keep it, if you don't mind," Wufei retorted sarcastically, stalking close to press the tip of the rapier to the base of Treize's throat. He had to keep himself from trembling, from anger and from shameful fear. "Pick your weapon," he hissed, piercing the skin of Treize's neck to demonstrate the point. A drop of blood slid down the pale neck, staining the pristine white shirt.

"No."

"No?" A brief surprise flickered in the dark eyes, but then the anger was back. "Don't think I won't kill you where you stand, weapon or no."

Something very like remorse crossed Treize's face. "Then let me say this first- I didn't mean to hurt you last night."

Wufei stared at him in disbelief, then he smiled, a bitter little smile. "Liar," he accused softly, voice finely waved silk wrapping around the sharp edges of a polished knife. The air around him heavy with suppressed emotion, "You wanted to hurt me." 

Treize inclined his head, acknowledging the truth in those words. "I didn't plan it out that way, but yes, as things progressed, I wanted to hurt you."

The rapier wavered, Wufei's dark eyes illuminated with tears. He blinked hard, his hands steadied again by the sheer force of will. "Pick. Up. Your. Weapon."

"You can't kill me, Dragon."

Wufei laughed, a dry, hollow sound. "You are an egotistical bastard, Treize. Are you really so sure?"

Treize's countenance was serene, not revealing a trace of his thoughts. He opened his hands, slowly, calmly, walking into the tip of the blade. Wufei snarled, withdraw the blade, and then thrust it forward with all his might…

The rapier dropped out of nerveless fingers as Wufei collapsed on the floor, sharp pain shooting through the nerve endings all over his body. He felt hollow, transparent, sliced open with hot burning knives. His mouth opened, screaming in soundless agony.

Treize watched as the boy's body dropped to the floor, convulsing in spasms, and resolutely pushed aside the unwelcome sense of guilt. It was a lesson the boy needed to learn.

He kneeled beside the toy, laying a soothing hand on the frigid spine, his voice gentle. "This is why you can't kill me, Dragon, or anyone else for that matter." His fingers slid over the cool metal collar. "Our newest invention. It is programmed to administer pain to the nervous centre whenever the wearer attacks with the intention to harm. Once it is activated, it takes about six hours to map out the new wearer's brain pattern." It had been long over six hours since Wufei had put on the collar.

He held the boy in his arms, gently rocking him. Long minutes passed, and Wufei had finally stopped convulsing, but his muscles still twitched now and then. Treize wiped the perspiration from Wufei's brow and brushed the stray hair away from his face. Wufei's breathing was shallow, his face pale and his eyes clouded in a haze.

But even now he was still beautiful, still able to take Treize's breath away.

/I need him./

Looking at the boy, Treize was surprised anew by the knowledge. He had hundreds, thousands of people willing to do his bidding, willing to live or die by his command, yet it was the strong spirit inside this fragile body in his arms that captured his heart.

He was going to do things right this time. This time, he would not let the one he loved slip away. Picking the boy up, he carried Wufei to the bed. Every step firmed his resolution. He would have the boy in his life. He would make Wufei understand. He would make sure that Treize would not be betrayed, ever again.

He lay the boy down on the huge bed and pulled the cover over him. He went to pour a glass of water for the boy and dissolved a sedative inside as well. When he got back he found Wufei's eyes open and staring at him. The dark eyes were still hazy with pain, but more alert than before.

"Why?" the boy asked tiredly.

"Because you are mine."

Wufei shook his head, his voice a weak whisper. "Never."

"Never is a long time, Dragon." He pressed the drink to Wufei's lips. "Now drink this."

Wufei pressed his lips together in stubbornness and turned his head away. Treize sighed in mild exasperation. "It's only a sleeping pill, Dragon. It's this or a needle, your choice."

Wufei drank the drugged water with obvious distaste and fell asleep in seconds. His hazy mind only had an impression of something soft and warm sliding over his lips, as Treize took one last kiss, nor did he hear the sound of door shut as Treize left and closed the door behind him.

"Sweet dreams, my Dragon."

----------

Treize took hold of the boy's chin, leaned in and took possession once more of the sweet mouth. The grip steeled as the boy tried to pull away. A dark, ominous threat loomed in the cornflower blue eyes, his voice velvety steel, he said, "But it doesn't matter whether you love me or hate me, Dragon, as long as you understand that you belong to me."

And I'll never let you go.

End of Chapter One.