/* Disclaimer.
 * This story is entirely fiction. It does not relate to any real
 * person, living or dead. Any similarity to a real person, whether living or dead,
 * is purely coincidental and completely unintended. While actual places are
 * occasionally mentioned in this story, such mention is not to be a basis for
 * conclusion that any part of this story is real, or ever happened.
 * The following story is a work of fiction containing graphic descriptions of
 * sexual acts between adults and minors. All of the sex depicted is consensual;
 * The story written purely for entertainment purposes only. Those who are offended
 * by such material are strongly encouraged not to read this. Those who are
 * searching for  material which they would proscribe for others should search
 * elsewhere. If you are constrained by law or local authority from reading graphic
 * descriptions of fictional sexual acts between adults and minors, you are required
 * to not proceed further.
 *
 * Pursuant to the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic
 * Works, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless
 * explicitly indicated otherwise.
 *
 * This story is protected under S.A. and international copyright law and may not
 * be reprinted, reposted, or otherwise reproduced without express written
 * permission. This story may be posted to appropriate USENET newsgroups for non-
 * commercial use only, and only as long as it remains entirely intact and
 * unmodified, including all copyright messages and this disclaimer.
 */
                                                                                                                    
/* Codes.
 * MF, anal, cons, oral
 */

Chapter 4.  

Down in the jacuzzi, June was frustrated, she had spent the entire day around 
Sally, for some reason their conversation was always sexually charged, Although a 
relationship with a woman was nothing knew to her it was not something they had 
done in a long time. By the time Rob got home she was ready to bang him on the 
table in front of the children, the Playton's and Aimee if need be. She had taken 
him to the bedroom and given him a teaser blow job to make sure that he knew what 
he was in for, now just as she had been about to go down on him again the light in 
the upstairs bathroom had come on. Rob had jumped down into the pool in order to 
hide his erection, they had both held their breaths to make sure that whichever son 
it was had not seen or heard them. When the light turned off June had attacked her 
husband.

"Honey, don't you think we should wait a bit to be sure?" Said Rob.
"No, Rob if I don't get off soon I think I'm going to scream" came June's reply. 
With that she pulled at his sides to get him to sit on the edge of the jacuzzi, his
cock had shrunken a bit as they waited for the light to turn off, June clicked with 
her tongue as if impatient and sucked the entire length of Robs 9" cock into her 
mouth. While it wasn't hard she could fit it into her mouth, as it grew in thickness 
and length it forced it's way out of her mouth. She moaned deep in here throat as 
the bottom two inches forced their way out. She began to bob her head up and down 
the now saliva slick shaft. 

"God, you give great head" Rob moaned. He had once only half joked that he had 
married her because she was the best head giver in the world. 

She moaned deeply again and took his cock out of her mouth. Licking the tip and 
then just sucking the head into her mouth and swirling her tongue around the head 
she heard him moan. She dropped her lips down his shaft feeling the head of his 
cock push against the back of here throat, while in varsity she could deep throat 
most of her boyfriends but her husband was a lot thicker than most and his cock 
just stopped at a point no matter how hard she pushed. She continued to give him 
head until she felt his balls start to tighten. 

"There is no ways I am letting him cum without having gotten off" she thought.  

She quickly pulled her cock out of her mouth and got out of the jacuzzi. She took 
one of the lounger cushions off the it's chair and lay it down next to the jacuzzi, 
she then pulled Rob to into the jacuzzi and lay down on her back her wet cunt open 
and waiting for her husbands tongue.

"Demanding tonight aren't we?" He teased as he dropped his hand between her legs 
and quickly found her clit with his finger. She moaned in reply and arched he back. 
June had had half a bottle of wine during dinner and then had a quiet whiskey with 
the playtons while they talked of this and that, so she was feeling no pain, it was 
also a combination of alcohol that seemed to make her more adventurous than usual. 
She was a fiery lover by nature. In fact it was safe to say that she loved sex, but 
on occasion it almost seemed like she could not get enough of it. Tonight was one 
of those nights. 

Rob dropped his head and began to lick around her dripping hole. She hissed at 
him, trying to move her pussy onto his mouth, Rob was a strong man and held her 
easily in his big hands. 

"Please Rob" She begged giving up trying move her hips. 
"Please what?" Rob asked, stopping his kissing"
"Please....." 
"Please what?"
"Please suck ... me"
"Suck you? Suck you where?" Rob knew that this drove her over the edge, into the 
place where he wanted her tonight, he wanted the slut in her to come out. A couple 
of months of hard work was almost over and he felt like ruff sex.

"Please... Please... suck my.. uhhhhh"
"Come on baby, the sooner you say it the sooner it can happen"
"Oh god, Rob, Suck my clit PLEASE. Stick your tongue in my cunt, make me cum, I'm 
dying to cum!"

With that Rob bent his head and sucked his wife's clit into his mouth he flicked as 
it with his tongue. At the same time he pushed to fingers into her sopping pussy. 
Pushing them up and then pulling them towards his chin he found the spot full of 
nerve endings, he pulled his fingers towards his chin gently. 

"Oh fuck yes, baby. Suck my clit .. uhnnn that feels so good" Rob kept at it. He 
settled into a rhythm as his wife grew more and more exited. Soon she stopped 
talking, her breath began to catch. Rob knew his wife orgasm was close and started 
flicking her clit faster, slipping in a 3rd finger into her pussy. She gasped one 
last time and came powerfully. Her hips bucking as her walls tensed around his 3 
fingers. Rob stopped licking with his tongue as her clit was normally very 
sensitive once she had a clitoral orgasm. As soon as she felt Rob's tongue leave 
her clit June flipped on her hands and knees.

Looking back at her husband she started to coach him into her.  "Come on, honey, 
Stick you fat hard cock into my slippery pussy. I want to feel you as deep as you 
can get. Make me your woman. Fuck me hard. Fast baby. .  please"

Rob stood up and asked "Is this what you want?" As he slammed into her. She was so 
wet he felt almost no resistance. 
"Oh baby. Yes", she hissed

She pushed back onto his cock. God she loved the feeling of the cock sliding in and 
out of her. Tonight she was on fire and Rob felt her pussy clamping and releasing 
as they got into a rhythm, every thrust was met with a low moan or yes or a harder. 
Rob loved to watch his fat cock disappear in and out of his wife even in the dimmed 
lights of the pool he could see his wife's pussy parting to accommodate him, his 
balls where beginning to tighten as he began to pick up the pace. 

"Oh baby, fuck me in the ass. Please baby" He thought her heard his wife say. Sure 
that he misheard, it was not something they had tried in years and the previous 
attempt had not been a good experience. 

"Please baby... " slap as his hips hit ass "I... " slap "want..." slap "you... " 
slap "to.." slap "fuck.. " slap "me... " slap "in..."  slap "the... " slap " ASS"

Rob pulled his cock out of June's tight cunt and positioned his head at the rose 
of her ass. She pushed back slowly, Rob had the presence of mind to hold still, 
his wife stopped when the head parted her sphincter.

"Ah fuck you are so big!" She exclaimed. His petite wife gathered herself and 
pushed back harder, Robs entire length sank deep into her hot ass. 

"Oh my fucking god" they exclaimed together.
"Give me a sec." June panted.
"OK, my love" Rob said through gritted teeth, he had not felt a feeling this tight 
around his cock in one hell of a long time. Slowly he felt June relax around him 
and start to move backwards and forwards, Rob made sure he did not move, gently 
putting his hands on his wifes hips so that she could concentrate on moving 
backwards and forwards and now worry about the angle. 

"Please baby, faster. Oh fuck this is so naughty. Please fuck me harder." June 
panted.  "I want you to cum inside me, I want to be dirty with you, ah yes back 
this feels so fucking good. baby I want you to video tape your cock slipping into
 my ass. Please baby. Make me watch it while I suck you baby... "

Rob could not take it any more and buried his cock deep inside his wife. Spurt 
after spurt erupted from his swollen head. His wife's ass spasm'd around his dick, 
she cried out with pleasure and the collapsed onto the cushion. Rob gently eased 
out of his wife and shrank back into the jacuzzi. In the mellow light he watched 
the thick cream of his cum start to run out of his wife ass. 

"I wonder where that came from" He wondered.
"I wonder where that came from" June wondered herself. "Must have been something 
to do with watching Aimee flirting with Stephen as well as Sally,  she always ended 
up being horny after a day spent with Sally, there were issues there that needed 
exploration, "sooner rather than later" June added for her own benefit. 
"What was that hun?" Came the call from over here shoulder.
"Nothing babes, thank you for that I was so horny"
"I could tell! Want to turn in?"
"mmmm yes, can we take a shower together?"
"Sure thing."
With that they got up and with a intimacy that belied their 20 year marriage 
helped each other up to the shower. 

