Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 18)

Lucy ate dinner in just her cowboy boots and belt. She made quite an attractive if unusual sight being a mostly naked cowgirl eating a modern slice of pepperoni pizza but wearing accessories from the old west. It gave me a good opportunity to gauge her arousal level. She had calmed down since the Ferris wheel. Maybe staying in character distracted her from thinking about having to go back out in public later. From what I could determine, her diamond factory looked to be under control for the moment.

I was a little surprised how comfortable and at ease she was acting around Cowboy Dave. She didn't seem overly concerned about standing around letting him see her naughty bits. He was sure getting his money's worth in this deal! She was such a natural in front of the camera. She took direction well and brought such an effortless charisma to every photo. Her lack of clothing certainly seemed less of a concern when she was in character.

Speaking of lack of clothing, I wondered how Dave was going to be able to use photos so prominently featuring a scandalously under-clothed young lady in his promotionals. But that was his problem to figure out. Perhaps he intended to employ a little creative editing. Who knows?

When dinner was over, it was time to get back to work on the final act. The next few scenes I had written depicted the settler girl's total descent into a life of crime. The naked bandit robbed carriages and stagecoaches. Then she started to target businesses and merchants in town. She was always naked but wore a mask to cover her face and hide her identity. When she robbed her first bank, she reenacted what had happened to her when she was younger. She made everyone inside strip naked and hand over their clothes, including their underwear. I had to play the role of an unlucky bank customer and strip naked for that shot. I handed over my clothes while carefully holding my junk for the photo. I didn't have to act embarrassed or nervous because I actually was. Lucy got a big kick out of that scene.

Unfortunately for the girl in the story, after the bank robbery, the townsfolk had had enough. They formed a posse and hired a professional to track her down and locate her hideout. By now she was wanted dead or alive and there was a substantial bounty on her head.

Her crime spree ended after another dramatic shootout in a box canyon where the girl was finally captured. For the next scene, Lucy was supposed to be bound in cuffs and escorted back into town. When Dave handed her a pair of period-accurate handcuffs, her eyes went wide.

It's kind of a long story, but Lucy actually has some experience playing the role of a girl who is bound against her will. The last time was for a school presentation where she played the part of a roman slave girl. She gave an entire presentation to her school's history club with her hands and feet bound in a most embarrassing way and her private parts on display for the lucky boys.

As she fingered Dave's heavy iron cuffs, she looked to be remembering the humiliating ordeal in front of her classmates. She tilted her legs together as a blush formed on her cheeks. Something about those cuffs awakened her factory once again. When she hesitated a little too long, I stepped up and helped her put them on before she could think about backing out. When I pulled her arms behind her, she shivered noticeably. And when the cuffs locked closed over her wrists with a ratcheting click, her eyes fluttered.

As a dangerous outlaw, her gun belt was confiscated when she was captured, and she was forced to march into town in only her boots. She was led behind a horse with a rope around her neck. Lucy’s blush grew as she was paraded down the middle of main street completely naked with her arms bound behind her back. She was only watched by lifeless mannequins, but something about the situation was getting to her. For the first time, she seemed bothered to have Dave's camera shutter clicking away capturing every humiliating step.

The girl was taken to the jail and handed over to the sheriff for safe keeping. I got to play the role of the sheriff with a gleaming star badge on my shirt. I got to confiscate her boots and mask and place her in a small cell with very real iron bars. Her handcuffs were removed, but since she could not be trusted, her hands were affixed to shackles hanging from the wall which forced her to remain standing.

Her legs were destined for a ball and chain to ensure she couldn't escape. When I bent over to attach her ankle shackles, I noticed her pussy lips gleaming with moisture. Her time in bondage was definitely affecting her down there.

After spending the night bound in jail, the utterly humiliated girl was delivered to the courtroom for the penultimate scene. She was placed in stocks for her short frontier trial. She was forced to remain bent over at the waist with her entire naked bottom mooning the angry crowd while the jury judged her to be guilty of all accused crimes.

In the final climactic scene, naked bandit was led out to the gallows to be publicly hanged. But the girl proved too smart to be captured and punished that easily. In a dramatic twist, she managed to create a distraction and escape on her trusty steed at the last minute. The naked bandit lived to ride again!

Cowboy Dave was more than satisfied with my story and Lucy's spectacular performance. He got our address and promised the deluxe package containing all the prints would be mailed to our house at a later date free of charge. He rolled up my favorite wanted poster of the naked bandit and put it in a cardboard tube for us to take with us as an immediate memento.

Lucy's euphoria at playing dress-up in the old west faded as the weight of the task ahead of her loomed. It was time to ride off into the sunset and her lost swimsuit was back in the forefront of her mind.

She peered nervously through the window at the street. The foot traffic had slowed to a trickle. Most shoppers had gone home or returned to their hotels already and only a few brave stragglers remained despite the continued threat of rain. That was little comfort to a girl expected to walk among them with no clothes on. I could tell she needed a pep talk. As I sidled up to her, my suspicions were confirmed.

"I just can't do it, Mikey," she said, "It's just too far. Maybe we can ask Mr. Dave to give me that dress I was wearing earlier. Just until we get back to the beach. Then I'll take it off, I promise...please?"

The fact that she was calmly discussing her predicament with me, brainstorming solutions, and not blubbering in panic, spoke louder than her words. If I insisted, she would figure out a way to get through. And she would do it without a dress.

I shook my head regretfully and replied, "You know I can't let you do that, Lucy. I already told you you're not getting any more clothes tonight. But I know you can do this. You're overthinking it."

Motioning out toward the street, I continued, "I understand from your perspective, the journey may feel like a never ending humiliation. But remember, for each person you meet, it will only be for a few seconds. And you will never even see that person again. Just keep telling yourself that and it will get easier with each step you take."

Sill not convinced; she hummed anxiously through a conflicted frown. With a stricter voice, I made my expectations for her clear.

"This is not a negotiation. You can do this, and you will. Or I can put those handcuffs and that rope back on you and drag you out there like the girl in the story. It's your choice."

Her eyes bulged. But when she didn't budge, I added to my threat. I walked over to the horse carriage display that was sitting in the lobby and retrieved the compact buggy whip. "I'm sure Mr. Dave won't mind letting me use this to keep you moving." Then I made a warning swing.

Lucy yipped in fear as the wicked whip cracked through the air. Despite her naked state, her fear of having her hands bound uselessly behind her back being driven along by a scary crop was great enough to send her scurrying outside into the night. Dave waived goodbye to me with a wink and I set out after her; leaving the whip behind but being sure to gather up both the wanted poster and my shaving kit.

I caught up to her walking with her hands clenched and her eyes downcast. She was whispering a mantra to herself with every step, "never again...never again," squeezing whatever comfort she could from the fact that she was never going to see these strangers again.

I trailed behind letting her walk where she wanted as long as we were making progress toward our destination. she kept to the shadows as much as possible and walked faster when passing through a lighted area. The same reaction repeated itself with every encounter. I lost count of how many jaws dropped as the gorgeous naked girl made her way down the avenue chanting to herself as she walked. The wind, which had earlier died down, returned with a vengeance as we reached the outskirts of the entertainment district. At least this time she didn't have to worry about holding her wrap closed against the gusts.

We passed over into Skipper's Bay which was practically deserted. The day fishermen had all docked and the night fishermen stayed away due to the approaching storm. After a while, I saw her hands unclench and she gave up seeking out dark places and walked straight.

We had been on our feet all day and our trek back facing into the strong wind took everything out of me. I was worn out and relieved by the time we reached the Royal Contessa and found mom's lounge spot. The umbrellas had all been packed away in anticipation of high winds overnight.

I was not surprised to find mom's chair unoccupied. She had likely been drinking too much and had once again wandered into Sharky's Revenge to party the night away. I was, however, surprised to find her bikini top lying in the sand beside the chair. It raised some titillating questions. Had mom spent the day on the Redneck Riviera beach sunbathing topless? More importantly, did that mean she was dancing topless at the bar right now? With a smirk, I kicked sand over her top to hide it and left it behind. If mom couldn't be bothered to bring it with her into the bar, why should I?

The bar was just as raucous tonight as ever, despite the threat of rain. I let Lucy cover her little boobies with her hands but forbid her from touching below her waist. Telling herself "never again" over and over, she followed behind me into the bar. I found mom the first place I looked; on the dance floor. She was really squeezing every last drop out of her last night of vacation. Although she had removed her bikini top, she still had her bottoms and still wore the wrap she had bought at Mermaid's Treasures. As strange as it sounds, she didn't look that out of place and wasn't the least dressed woman on the dance floor. But her massive, thinly veiled breasts certainly attracted their fair share of attention.

With mom and Lucy in tow, we exited the bar and started the tedious journey back to the rental hut. Mom spun and danced to a song that was only in her head as we walked. She frequently lost her balance and almost fell down. We all were struggling to stay upright from fatigue and the wind now coming in heavy gusts. Her excessive drinking had to be a large factor in her tipsiness, though.

Having left the beachfront area, our pilgrimage was not interrupted. At one point, after crossing the highway and entering the first neighborhood, she finally noticed her daughter wasn't wearing anything and asked about her nudity. She wanted to know what happened to the wrap she had bought Lucy. When Lucy would only say she had lost it, mom generously untied her own wrap intending to loan it to her naked daughter. Of course, just then a big wind gust came up.

The wrap was ripped from mom's grasp and dragged along the sidewalk. I laughed out loud as she tried to drunkenly chase after it, while also hilariously trying to keep her boobs covered for some reason. From previous experience, I knew how good those wraps were at riding on the wind. And before she could catch up to it, it was swept up and lifted high into the air like a kite. It hovered uncertainly in the swirling wind and looked for a moment like it was going to drop back down. But before it did, another gust pushed it to one side, and it got wrapped around a branch in the very top of a large tree.

When she saw we weren't going to be able to retrieve it, mom shrugged and went back to dancing. I started to think maybe she had been served something stronger than alcohol at the bar. I had never seen her so relaxed and carefree as to shrug off something as extreme as sudden toplessness. Normally, she would be freaking out and trying everything she could think of to get her wrap back. But instead, she just danced on down the road with her bared breasts swinging and jiggling freely.


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 19)

The rain barely held off and we made it to our hut without further incident. Mom collapsed into her cot without even changing into pajamas. But when I went to change into a pair of boxers for sleeping, I discovered something terrible. Our suitcases weren't there!

I looked around frantically until reality dawned on me. We had been robbed! Knowing it had to have been someone from the apartments, I peered out into the cloudy night as if I was going to just then catch someone dragging two suitcases along behind them. But it was futile. I had to face reality. I sat down tiredly on my cot and took inventory. We still had my backpack, which we had been using as a beach bag and luckily had been storing the rest of our money. Then there were the three souvenirs we had collected so far; Surfer Dave's miracle cream, my fancy shaving kit, and Lucy's wanted poster.

Other than that, we had nothing. I had my swim trunks, but mom was topless, and Lucy was completely naked! Fatigue caught up to me and I yawned and wanted to lay down. But I forced myself to stay upright and at least count the money first. We had $110 left: enough for the taxi rides and meals. We still had some groceries. If we made sandwiches to take with us on the flight instead, we could avoid the expensive airport restaurants and might be able to scrounge around enough for a few souvenirs. But what about the girls? They were practically naked and had no clothes left. They couldn't fly dressed like that! Yawning again, I decided I was too tired to figure it all out right then. After a good night's sleep, I would have enough brain energy to tackle our remaining problems.

But before I could lay down to sleep, Lucy walked over and picked up the sun balm. She asked if I would please give her another treatment before bed. As tired as I was, I wasn't about to pass up the opportunity to massage a girl’s breasts.

She sat down on my lap and wiggled her naked bottom until my legs parted and she was sitting on the cot. She leaned back into me and raised her arms to hold her hair out of the way. I couldn’t help but notice how much skin-to-skin contact there was in that position. My legs felt hers all the way down and her back was pressed against my bare chest. She sat patiently, her whole front side accessible and ready for my comforting touch. Coating my hands with the slimy green cream, I reached around her torso to encase her heavenly orbs. Lucy sighed contentedly and melted into my comforting embrace as I completely massaged the outside of her breasts before gradually making my way inward to her pointy tips.

The rain began loudly falling all around us in warm drops as I continued my massage. She was putty in my hands. I'm pretty sure Dave included some strong aphrodisiacs in his recipe. Because by the time I reached her plump nipples, she was cooing and wiggling excitedly. Every time she wiggled her bare bottom against me, I grew a little more excited, too.

When I was finished, I forced my hands to let go and laid down in my cot. Lucy immediately cuddled up next to me without even asking. The rain had grown steadily stronger, drowning out the world beyond and making it seem like she and I were the only things in existence. Even mom snoozing quietly nearby felt impossibly far away compared to the naked girl snuggling up so intimately.

When I wondered aloud what she thought about her day, she lifted her head which had been resting on my chest and smiled.

"I can't believe I did it, Mikey!" she said, "I can't believe...everything! I lost my swimsuit and then…the fishing shop. Feel how soft my legs are!"

I did not hesitate to run my hands up and down her bare legs and feel her impossibly soft skin. Sailor Dave sure knew how to give a close shave. I was looking forward to learning how to use that kit properly when I got home.

As my hands came to rest on her exceptionally smooth bottom, I asked her another question. "How did you like the pier?"

"Mmmm...it was nice," she cooed with her eyes closed, clearly enjoying what my hands were doing. I would not have allowed her to touch herself down there. But she was using me as a loophole. Pretty soon, I felt the toned muscles of her butt slowly flexing up and down in my palms in what I recognized as a humping motion. It's a long story, but I actually had some experience with another naked girl humping my leg in my bed, so I knew what it felt like.

Her relaxing snuggle was rapidly turning into something else entirely and it was partially my fault. As much fun as I was having, I decided I had better take control of the situation. Gripping her buttocks gently but firmly enough to get her attention, I said "Lucy, stop moving around so much."

She apologized and halted her humping. I patted her ripe bottom in approval. I know I should have let go of her ass at that point. To keep fondling her there was sending mixed signals. Did I want her to settle down and sleep or not? But her tight ass was just begging to be cradled and made the perfect resting spot for my hands. I honestly had nowhere else convenient to put them, I swear!

"What about the Ferris wheel and walking back naked?" I asked teasingly, "did you like that?"

I felt her body shudder against me as she thought back on the humiliating ordeal.

"No, never again...never again" she replied, repeating her mantra, "but I'm glad it's all over now...hey, what are you going to get me to wear on the plane tomorrow?"

"Who said anything about getting you something for the plane?" I asked in amusement. She opened her eyes and looked up at me with confusion. I continued, "and who said it was all over? Your dare is not finished until we get home, remember? I think, after all you've been through, that you can handle flying back naked."

Her whole body stiffened, and her eyes fluttered. "What?! Mikey, you wouldn't make me...You can't!"

"Of course I can, Lucy," I insisted, "I'll just tell them you lost your swimsuit and our luggage got stolen. I'm sure they will make an exception and let you fly naked. I mean you basically did it before on the flight here, right? It may be a little awkward walking all over the airport without any clothes on. But how is that any different than what you did today at Riviera Pier? Think of all the people who have already seen your naked body. What's a few hundred more? Maybe we'll even meet a cute boy on the flight."

Lucy started breathing more heavily as a mild panic set in. Perhaps the mention of flying naked with a cute boy was a bridge too far. A roll of thunder pealed overhead. The curtains of rain pattering all around us would have made the perfect accompaniment to a restful sleep, like the world's greatest white noise machine. But I couldn't sleep because Lucy had resumed her anxious wriggling.

"Lucy, knock it off. OR ELSE." I said, but she didn't stop this time.

"I can't...help it" was her desperate reply as she continued rubbing up and down against the muscle of my leg. She was straddling my thigh and I could feel the heat building between her legs. "Please Mikey....I can't sleep until..."

A storm of arousal was raging within her amazing little body to rival the one above us. It was quickly growing beyond her ability to control it. If I didn't step in, it would keep growing in intensity until it had extracted its orgasmic toll from her. But I couldn't allow that. When she was in the middle of a dare, it had to come on my terms. If I let her bend the rules now, even a little, she would bend them a little more next time until everything was completely twisted to her advantage.

"No, Lucy, you know the rules," I said more forcefully while also letting go of her bottom, "stop it, this is your last warning."

But this time, I'm not sure she even tried to stop. Looking down, I saw her eyes were glazed over and unfocused. I could tell she was too far gone to even hear me; swept up in the throes of her own impending rapture.

Driven into a rage at being ignored, I wound up and smacked her bottom smartly just as a lightning bold cracked overhead. That got her attention. She cried out in alarm at having been so suddenly and severely disciplined, but her cry was drowned out by the thunder echoing through the low clouds.

I stood abruptly. She yipped in surprise at having been dumped out of my warm cot onto the wet ground. If you're wondering why the ground was wet inside the hut, the poorly maintained roof was unsurprisingly leaky, and water was dripping everywhere and forming puddles.

"Lucy Marie Jenkins," I roared over the steady din of falling rain, "will you ever learn not to ignore my warnings?"

She knew she had screwed up, but her arousal was overpowering her every rational thought.

"I'm sorry," she said, "but please! I'm so close, Mikey! Just give me thirty seconds. Just thirty more seconds!"

In a blatant act of disobedience, she started to move a hand down between her legs. Her body's need for release in that moment was so great that she would risk openly defying me. I knew right then that she couldn't be trusted and would need help controlling herself tonight; at least until she could cool down a bit.

I slapped her on the hand then pulled her to her feet. She had officially lost her cot sharing privileges. I dragged her empty cot over to the corner and pushed the head of it up against the post of the tiki hut. Then I lowered her down onto the cot so that she was laying on her back. Using some excess rope that could be strung up if people needed an extra clothesline, I pulled her hands around the post to the far side and tied her wrists to each other using one of the knots Sailor Dave had taught me.

"Mikey, please!" she begged. But she wasn't begging to be freed from her bonds. No. She was begging for another kind of release. She rubbed her silky-smooth thighs urgently against each other. I couldn't believe it! Even with her hands tied uselessly above her head, she was still trying to somehow get herself off.

If she rolled over during the night, I feared she would use the cot frame itself to finish the job. So, I grabbed her feet next and tied her ankles to each other under the cot. That forced her to stay on her back and caused her legs to spread wide. In that position, forced wide open, there was no way she could stimulate her needy little pussy.

Purely by accident, when I leaned over to make sure her feet were secure, I felt drops of water falling on my back and discovered I had placed her cot under an active leak. Looking up, I easily located the hole in the ceiling which was lower here in the corner of the hut. I absent-mindedly poked my finger into the thatch which temporarily plugged the hole. But that only made things worse. When I removed my finger, a steady stream of water flowed through the quarter sized hole.

The water from the leak fell directly from the ceiling onto her cot. I wasn't worried about ruining the cot itself. It was a camping style and made to survive the elements. But I felt bad for Lucy. Who wants to be stuck sleeping directly beneath an annoying leak? I was going to rotate her to a drier spot. But when I looked down, I noticed something unusual. The water was splashing directly between her legs. In fact, she was had tilted her pelvis so that her spread and unprotected pussy mound was directly in its path.

Standing back up, with amusement and a little disbelief, I watched Lucy squirm and whimper under the steady stream of unrelenting water. She was actually encouraging the mild stimulation. But her whimpers were more often the frustrated kind than those of pleasure. She whipped her head back and forth and moaned incoherently, arching her back repeatedly and bucking her shaved pelvis uselessly into the gentle flow of water. She offered her body to the storm gods; begging them to make love to her and bring her that sweet release her body so desperately needed.

But treating her like a spurned lover, the storm’s only response was to send a constant sprinkle of drops to kiss her little pink petals over and over. Breathing heavily, she dropped back to the cot. But she could only remain still for a few seconds. Then, the constant stimulation between her legs drove her to rise up and offer her little body once again. I watched her repeat this process several times, and every time she fell back to the cot in spent failure without her elusive diamond.

Stuck in limbo between peace and release, she tried everything, including writhing against her unyielding bonds. But she could not free her arms or legs to aid in the effort. Eventually, she cried out to the heavens in complete sexual frustration. She gave up trying, cursing the maddening and unending flow of fickle water, only to rise up a few seconds later and make yet another futile attempt.

Exhausted and satisfied with her fitting punishment, I returned to my cot and the promise of an uninterrupted and much needed rest. Lucy was afforded no such luxury and could not relax as the unconsummated arousal burned within her. But every frantic moan and hopeless cry she made was drowned out by the crashing thunder and pattering rain. Rolling over, I drifted off to sleep deeply, alone and in peace.

