"Stan, Julie, how are we feeling today?"
Stan jolted upright. They'd been waiting for ten minutes in Dr. Saunders's office after waiting thirty minutes in his waiting room and it had sunken him into a grumpy slouch. Stan grabbed his wife's hand and squeezed it. "We're fine, just fine."
"Good!" Saunders moved around to the other side of the desk, dropping one stack of folders and turning his attention to another. The man seemed to be constantly an hour behind and up to his neck in work, but never looked tired. Stan thought it was amazingly irritating, especially since he always looked and felt exhausted. But, from the look of him, Dr. Saunders somehow found time to get to the gym and eat salads and go on long therapeutic walks. Stan, on the other hand, slept late, ate garbage, and spent his few minutes of free time either drinking or playing video games. Stan self consciously smoothed out his shirt, trying unsuccessfully to flatten out the small pudge growing on his midsection. Saunders found their file and began to read through it. "Sorry about the wait," he murmured.
Julie smiled and pulled her hand away from her husband, "The nurse told us you were caught in a delivery. I didn't think you actually did that part."
Saunders leaned back in his chair with their file held out in front of him, as though he were reading a newspaper. "Normally, no. Well, I have several patients that I assist until they deliver, but I'm not usually the one doing the delivery. We partner with Dr. May who oversees the...results, shall we say. But, yes, I apologize. One of our clients went into labor this morning and Dr. May was caught in an unfortunate timing snafu, so I had to fill in for a while. Not that we do too much on that end except run the clock and make sure nothing goes wrong. Now, I'm just reading your test results here and I have good news."
Julie's hand grabbed Stan's again, squeezing tighter. He looked over at his wife, her face full of joy. "So, we don't have any...plumbing...problems?"
Saunders dropped the file on his desk and waved his hand over it, "All the numbers look within the range for conception. Stan your count is a little low for a man your age, but still above what we would consider alarming." He shut the file and looked up at them, grey eyes suddenly focused acutely. "That said, we first saw you almost fifteen months ago and so far you've not had any luck. We've talked about lifestyle changes and you've said that you're making an effort on that front. Right?"
Again Julie's hand slipped away. "I have," she said. "I've been exercising more and eating better. I've even lost a few pounds. Stan, though, has...well, work is difficult and honestly without his job then we wouldn't even be here."
Saunders held up his hand before Julie or Stan could explain further. "Don't worry, I understand completely. We've reached a bit of a self-perpetuating cycle, unfortunately. You need to be healthier and less stressed in order to achieve a goal that the lack of achieving is causing you stress which leads to unhealthy living and more stress. Julie, I think you're seeing more success in your efforts because the goal is a lot more tangible to you, and to any mother really. Many fathers, on the other hand, can remain distant or not emotionally invested in pregnancy up until the actual birth. Don't get me wrong here, I'm not saying that Stan doesn't want kids, just the opposite actually. The issue for Stan, and don't let me put too many words in your mouth, is that conceptualizing the result is more difficult. You've mentioned before, Stan, that you were the youngest in your family, right?"
Stan shifted in his seat, growing more uncomfortable under the steely gaze. "Right."
"So I'm guessing your exposure to infants and young children in general has been pretty limited."
"I think so."
"That's a good indicator then. I can tell you all day about how wonderful having kids can be, but until that clicks in your brain, you're not going to have a real goal to achieve."
Stan sighed and leaned forward onto his knees. He loved Julie more than anything and wanted kids as much as he knew how, but something about Saunders's assessment hit close to home. "So what do we do next. I go to therapy?"
Saunders's gaze broke into a warm smile, "No, I don't think you need therapy. At least not about this. Instead, I think its come time to consider some alternative approaches. Now, most folk think we jump straight to the big ones like IVF. Traditionally when we get into that conversation, we're talking about some fertility drugs that facilitate the various parts of ovulation, making conception more likely. Some of that leads into IVF, some doesn't. And we can go that route if you want, but it is exceptionally expensive even with your insurance and I don't think its the best path available to us at this point."
The doctor shot up out his chair and went over to a filing cabinet in the corner. He entered a passcode and the drawers opened with a loud click. Saunders hummed to himself as he flipped through the different files before withdrawing one and shutting the cabinet back with another clank and click. "Ferrosyfetalin," he said. "Mouthful, isn't it. And that's the short version. The full version is about forty two letters long and doesn't make a lick of sense. This is a brand new drug, well brand new type of drug. I first heard about it about seven years ago and then earlier in the year our clinic got contacted as one of the places trials could take place. We've used it with three couples and all three conceived within two months."
"Hell, why didn't we start with that then," Stan blurted out.
Saunders grinned. "It's not without risk. The mechanism for it is unique among this drug class. It induces in the body, both for men and women, a state of hyper reproductivity. For women that can mean increased ovulation windows, for example. More receptive hormonal environments for successful conception. For men, an increase in sperm count and general sperm health. For each of you, that's only the start though. Your bodies would be very eager to reproduce which means..."
"We'll be super horny?" Julie asked, flatly.
"In so many words, yes," Saunders said with a nod. "Might not sound like a bad deal at first. But with this first round of testing, one couple reported a debilitating need to...find release. It led to some significant problems for them, though it was temporary."
Stan raised his hand slightly and Saunders paused to give him the floor, "Are you saying that the effect could be permanent?"
"We don't know. And that's the biggest risk, that we don't know what will happen. Every level of testing has come back with positive results. I've run your vitals already for this and you are both ideal candidates in the ideal situation for the trial. With that previous case in mind, we suggest scheduling a vacation to not interfere with work. The pill regimen comes in week long sets, so you'd need about that much time off. Most of the test subjects report the effects fading quickly once the regimen has been completed."
"Other than the...need to release, what are the possible side effects?"
"Ah, well. Flu like symptoms seem to be the most common and largest negative. Fatigue mainly and it tends to pass by the third day. Study indicates that its a manifestation of your body lagging behind and reacting a little to its own immune system. More akin to getting a flu shot or a bad hangover. For women, there may be some tissue swelling, akin to the fluctuation you might see going on or off hormonal birth control. Weight gain, weight loss. All the normal things. For men, we've actually seen some hair growth and skin conditions improving."
"No growth for me then," Stan said with a smirk.
"Not that's been observed," the doctor replied, his tone much more serious than Stan expected.
Julie sat forward in her chair, "You think this is the best thing for us..ferrosawhatever."
"We call it Drive for short. Sex drive, you see. At least until someone slaps a copyright on it. But yes, I think this is your best option. With this drug, I expect you'll have a bouncing baby in less than a year."
Stan and Julie looked at one another. Julie gave a curt nod. Stan answered, "Let's do it then."
Saunders clapped his hands. "Hope you two like paperwork!"

"There are three of these, well six," Stan said. He was standing at the dresser in their bedroom with the box from Dr. Saunders's office laid out in front of him between his keys and wallet. Two blisterpack sheets, each with three rows of seven small, red pills. "I thought it was meant to be just a one week thing."
The sink in the bathroom turned off and Julie's head popped around the door frame. "No, we get three tries, its just that you do it one week at a time. Hormone cycle, or something like that. Didn't you pay attention."
"No, once he said your boobs might get bigger I tuned out." Stan pulled one of the strips off each of the packs and put them to the side. The rest he returned to the small plastic case and placed it on the back of the dresser. Then he turned his attention to getting undressed, looking forward to the feeling of taking his socks off.
He'd had another long day after two straight weeks of long days. As soon as he got to his office after their appointment with Dr. Saunders, he'd asked for a week off. He had the time built up, but that didn't magically solve all of his outstanding clients and their incessant demands. So, he'd picked the end of the month for his and Julie's pill regimen, then put all of his effort into clearing his schedule. It had meant very early mornings and very long nights. Neither of which was helped by Julie's insistence on him eating better and getting in twenty minutes on the treadmill each day. As he slipped off his socks and let his feet rest on the cold hardwood, he did feel very satisfied with himself. Two weeks of hell hardly seemed to matter when looking ahead at the next eight days of sex and relaxation.
Julie had done her own part preparing for their week together. She'd planned out their meals, loaded them up on wine, and picked out movies and games to help pass the time shacked up together. She'd also bought more than one outfit to help spur him on, which Stan appreciated even though he rarely needed much motivation when he actually had a proper night's sleep. And that's what he was truly looking forward to. A whole week without alarms. A whole week waking up next to his wife who, if the wonder drug worked as it was meant to, would want to spend most of their morning screwing like teenagers.
But that was due to start tomorrow. Even with work finally done, his job still loomed over the day. Stan had left the house at five that morning and gotten home sixteen hours later to a lukewarm supper and twenty minutes of conversation before wanting to head to bed. They were due for their first dose after dinner and then a long, blissful sleep. He unbuckled his pants and let them fall off, not worrying about hanging them up properly. Crawling into bed, he wrapped his arms around the pillow and the tendrils of sleep threatened to take him immediately.
"Hang on, you haven't actually taken it yet," Julie chided him. She handed him a glass of water and popped the pills from their container. "Let's make a baby," she said, knocking her own glass of water against his as she tossed the pill in her mouth. Stan did the same and it went down easily with the icy cold water causing a chill in his gut. Julie kissed his forehead. "Finish getting undressed. And hang up the shirt at least. I don't want to spend half the week ironing your clothes."
Stan groaned, but crawled back to his feet and put his things away. A few minutes later, he slid into the bed beside his wife. Julie had put a baking show on the television, but her eyes had already started to drift closed. She was just as exhausted by Stan's schedule as he was, he realized. Stan kissed her cheek and put his arm across her as he buried his face in the pillow. Within minutes, he was asleep.

Julie woke at midnight covered in sweat. She barely managed to crawl out of bed as he legs and arms felt like jelly. Stan seemed fine, snoring loudly from his side of the bed. She took a gulp of water and that settled her a little. Scurrying to the bathroom, she turned on the light and looked at herself in the mirror expecting...something. As her eyes adjusted, she saw her same old self looking back, perhaps a little paler than when she'd gone to bed. She ran a fresh glass of water and guzzled it down before refilling it a second time and doing the same thing. Dehydration, Saunders had warned them, was a major cause of discomfort from the medication. Julie had never felt so thirsty in her life. More bizarrely, the water seemed to have a near instantaneous effect. Her fatigue vanished and the underlying nausea with it.
The snoring from the bedroom stopped and a muffled moan rattled out of Stan's throat. Opening the bathroom door, she saw that he'd made it to the edge of the bed and slumped forward. "Julie? I feel fucking awful."
She brought him the water and watched him chug it down. He had a line of sweat across his forehead and was hot to the touch. She refilled the glass and made him drink it again. He too showed almost immediate signs of improvement. "We need to drink more water. I'm putting a fresh glass beside the bed. If you wake up again, drink that first."
Stan nodded as he collapsed back to the pillow. Before Julie turned off the light, he was snoring once again. She returned to the bed a little alarmed, but sleep took her just as easily.

Stan woke with a feeling of hard pressure between his legs. At first, he thought he had to pee and fought away the intrusion into his sleep. Julie was moving beside him and as her skin brushed against his, he realized that he was rock hard. Sleep evaporated immediately. He rolled onto his back and his hand moved down to feel his cock and the strange pressure building at its base.
"Oh thank god you're awake," Julie said and her hand met Stan's on his cock. Her fingers were wet and wiggled through the gap in his boxers to start stroking his dick immediately. "Can we fuck?"
"God, yes." He kicked back the covers as Julie wriggled out of her underwear. Stan managed to push down his boxers before Julie climbed on top of him. With his cock in her hand, she positioned the head against her drenched pussy and dropped onto his full length with a deep sigh. Stan moved to hold onto her hips, but she grabbed his wrists and forced them back onto the bed. Julie bent her body against him. He wanted to pull off her t-shirt and suck her nipples into his mouth. He wanted his hands free to pull at her ass or throw her onto her back and fuck her properly, but she held him fast and began to slowly move up and down his cock.
Julie's mouth drifted to his ear and her tongue swirled around his earlobe. "I've been up for ten minutes playing with my pussy, wondering when you would wake up. I was lying there in the dark thinking about what you'd do to me if you found me with my fingers all wet. Would you pull my hand away and shove your cock inside me. I was wet enough for it. I woke up nearly begging for it, Stan." Each of her sentences was punctuated by the glorious feeling of his cock sliding inside her. Her body twitched from side to side as ripples of pleasure radiated through her. Julie's breath was hot on his ear and it drove him wild, but she still held him firm, wanting to go at her own, painfully teasing pace.
Her mouth moved up to his. Their lips met in a passionate kiss as Julie began to moan and gasp nearly silently. Finally, her grip slackened and her hands moved to stroke Stan's face. Stan wrapped his arms around her back, pulling her against him with each thrust. Julie leaned her head back down beside his. Stan buried his face in her neck, spreading kisses across her shoulder as they started to build speed. His hands went lower, grabbing hold of her naked ass and feeling it bounce up and down on his cock. The electric feeling of impending orgasm hit him and he slowed her hips, making his strokes longer and deeper until he erupted.
Julie screamed out in ecstasy. Her pussy clamped hard on his cock as cum gushed into her. The strange pressure Stan had felt when he woke started to subside as his cock pulsed with orgasmic pleasure and what felt like a gallon of cum sprayed deep inside his wife. His body seized as he held Julie against him, each of them blinded by white intensity of pleasure. Cum started oozing out around his cock, but he was still hard and twitching small spurts into her. Their bodies finally relaxed and she slumped against him as his cock stayed inside of her, not as hard but still fully erect. "Jesus Christ," she breathed. "That was the best orgasm I've ever fucking had. By the Lake Michigan of cum down there, I guess it was good for you too?"
"Fuck yeah," Stan answered and they lapsed into a fit of giggles.
When it subsided, Julie sat back on her calves and squeezed her pelvic muscles, gripping Stan's cock tightly inside of her. "Seems like its still open for business. Think they put some Viagra in that drug?"
Resting a hand on her thigh, Stan shook his head. "Dunno. I don't exactly feel like I have an erection. And yeah, that sounds fucking nuts since I'm actively inside you right now. Just sort of feels...normal, I guess."
"Not too normal for me," Julie said with a content sigh. She lifted herself off of him in a clumsy motion and a huge glob of cum oozed out of her and onto Stan's thigh. In a quick motion, she scooped it up with her fingers and brought it to her mouth. A moment passed with Stan staring at her in the low light and Julie's face falling as she realized what she'd done. "Oh god, why the fuck did I do that." She jumped off the bed and grabbed the water from Stan's nightstand. Moments later she spat it out in the bathroom while Stan giggled on the bed.
"Honey, don't freak out. Saunders said the drug can make you do some weird stuff. And it's not like you haven't had my cum in your mouth before."
"I haven't ate cum that fell out of me either, Stan, that's fucked up. And even if it wasn't, I...I don't know why I did it." She stepped back into the frame of the bathroom and leaned against it. "The second I saw it, I knew I wanted to taste it. Its like I didn't have control of myself any more for that one second. I just needed that inside me somehow. God, it was fucking weird."
Julie's alarm had soured the moment enough that Stan had finally started to wilt. He climbed out of bed and went over to hug her, being careful to keep his soaked cock away from squashing against her. "It's alright. Compulsive behavior was one of the specific side effects listed. It's no big deal. Kinda hot actually." She thumped him hard on the shoulder, but laughed. "C'mere," he said, pulling her lips to his in a long kiss. "Hey, you know its not so bad."
"Shut the fuck up," she said with a laugh. Pushing him out of the way, she went over to the bed and sighed. "We need new sheets."

The sound of the shower turning off woke Stan the next morning. Rolling over, he saw that Julie was standing beside the bed entirely naked and with damp hair. "You're awake?" she said, her voice a little odd.
"Good morning, beautiful. What's up?"
She pulled back the covers and sat beside him on the bed. She'd shaved bare, that was unusual. Stan's cock stirred as he resisted the urge to reach out and stroke her pussy. "I took a shower to try and distract myself. It didn't really work though." Her hand went to his cock and started rubbing it through his boxers. It responded immediately. "I think I want to suck you off."
"I'm not going to tell you no," he said sheepishly. "But that's not exactly why we're on the meds, remember."  
"Yeah, that's what I've been thinking since I woke up. I just need to get it out of the way, I think. It's stuck in my head for some reason. We'll just do it once and then we can get back to...well, you know the normal stuff. That ok?"
"Course. But, I'd like a little breakfast too."
She smiled at him and turned around, crawling on top of him as she pushed down his boxers. Her legs swung over his head as she positioned her pussy directly in front of his mouth. The scent of her drove him wild. His hands grabbed hold of her thighs as she enveloped his cock in her mouth and his tongue brushed against her lower lips. Stan began long slow licks, teasing her with interrupting kisses along her inner thighs. Julie wasn't holding back though. He lips stayed firmly wrapped around his cock as her head bobbed up and down. He could feel the head of his dick hitting the back of her throat and still she pressed down, seemingly desiring to bury her nose in his balls. It felt glorious, but Stan couldn't dismiss the fact that Julie had never been this enthusiastic about a blowjob ever before. Too enthusiastic for it to last very long, actually.
He tried to slow her, even attempted to ask her but his words became a guttural moan of pleasure that only spurred her on. Her hips pushed down against his mouth, grinding her sex on his lips as his body started to seize with orgasm. His load erupted into her mouth and she swallowed it greedily, continuing to lick and suck the full length. As the flood of cum subsided, Stan realized that she was rubbing his cock on her face and moaning luridly. Determined to bring her the same pleasure, he renewed his efforts, but she came easily only a few seconds later, shivering as her eyes squeezed out unwanted tears of pleasure.
Stan rolled her off him and turned himself around to lie beside her, drawing her into his arms with several slow, long kisses. "Feel better?" he asked, thinking the question was odd.
Julie sighed. "Yes. Thanks and sorry. I know it's a little weird. Good weird, but still weird. That pill is doing a number on me. You fell asleep right after we changed the sheets, but I stayed up and masturbated. When I did get to sleep, I dreamed of fucking you. Then I woke up and had to masturbate again. It's crazy Stan. I had to masturbate or I would have gone fucking insane, I think. Then a cold shower and I immediately want to suck your dick. It was your cum I think. I got that taste of it last night and I just couldn't stop thinking about it."
He held her in silence for a little while, attempting to keep his fresh erection away from her. Stan didn't know exactly what to do. Julie seemed worried, but not exactly upset. She sounded fascinated more than alarmed, but he didn't want to press the issue. Even so, he could feel a new pressure building in his cock already. If she was having to masturbate three times since they fucked, he thought he might actually explode if he didn't get regular release. The doctor had warned about that too. "You feel better now, though? Back in control of yourself?"
His wife nodded, her head sliding up and down on his shoulder. "I think so."
"Good, then let me take a shower. You get dressed and we'll go down to have some breakfast. Then we can get out in the garden and I'll help with your plants. Doesn't have to be sex constantly. Besides, if one pill did this, the second one might not let us out of the bed all week."
"That wouldn't be terrible," she said, kissing his shoulder.
"No, it wouldn't."