Kates Evening Out
byAllstar7©

"Okay, and now!" Kate didn't move.

"Okay and now!" She still didn't move.

"Okay, how about now!?" Kate groaned as she still didn't move, she was still firmly planted behind her front door, nude.

Now being nude in her own home was nothing new to Kate. Since her 'night out' a few weeks ago, where she had streaked through an entire park and drove home in the buff, she had learned to be more comfortable in her own skin. With her dyed blonde hair, her smaller breast, big butt, and yes even her mismatching pubic hair, she was super comfortable in her own skin. In fact, a lot in her life had improved since, she learned more and embraced herself in her ENF kink, and even worked up the courage to ask out her office crush Diane. It was actually both of those reasons why Kate found herself in her current predicament.

Diane and she had been dating for a few weeks now, even became official just the other day, she was smart, beautiful, could match her drink for drink. She excelled with the 'goth look' with her pale skin, dark hair, and her tits were huge! Okay, maybe Kate was a little jealous because of her tiny breasts, but it just meant there was more to enjoy of Diane! But Moving on! Despite the fact the sex and romance were great, she still felt like she was holding back a piece of herself. She figured now was the right time to share with her girlfriend her ENF kink.

However, her stupid brain or loins had the brilliant idea to leave her home nude, drive all the way to Diane's house and knock on her door....naked. It combined everything she enjoyed, streaking outside her home, and hopefully leading to a great time with Diane. She had to bite her lip as even the image of doing that was making herself aroused.

Oh it was so easy to plan this out days in advance but now the day had arrived, and she was panicking. It was only 5 pm and so freaking bright out, the last time she streaked it was in the middle of the night. Kate started to worry if one of her neighbors saw her, how would she explain herself? Maybe she could do this another time? Diane had no idea what she was planning.

A ping from her phone got her attention, that and her car keys were the only things she was bringing with her.

Nicole: You better not be backing out, you owe me for humiliating me during my apartment fire drill.



Oh right, Kate did tell someone, her friend Nicole. The two of them had been sharing each other's ENF fantasies, even pushed each other to go out streaking. She was quite surprised and hugely turned on when Nicole shared that as she was streaking through her apartment building the fire alarm went off, it didn't end well, and Nicole felt that she was a big part to blame for having pushed her to streak that night.

Nicole: Well?



Kate: No!... Just preparing myself. It is a little chilly, maybe I should do this when it's warmer, like next summer!



Kate had to bite her lip, she knew Nicole wouldn't be happy about this, probably trying to make her go ahead with this idea. The redhead always had a way of convincing her to do things she wouldn't normally do.



Nicole: If you aren't comfortable doing this then that's fine.



That was unexpected, maybe Nicole was losing her touch?

Nicole: I guess you'll just have to keep imagining how Diane would react if she saw you at her door naked.



Kate had to close her eyes in frustration, oh it would be so hot!

Nicole: I mean showing up at her door nude, at that point she has to sleep with you, what other way could she respond?



That was true, this was probably the ultimate form of a booty call Kate could make, maybe she should go....wait a minute. Was Nicole trying to use reverse psychology on her?

Nicole: Just driving with your bare butt on the leather seat of your car, you might just cum on the ride over there.



That bitch. Nicole was purposely sending her images of how this night could be, she could end up bent over a cop car and getting fucked in the ass again, but it was worth it if she actually streaked to Diane's!

Kate: Fine! I'm going!



Before Kate could second guess herself she reached the door handle and whipped the door wide open. She took a step, her bare feet meeting the rough surface of her wooden porch. She nervously moved the rest of her body outside. Luckily no one was outside. Running on pure instincts she locked her door and started running towards her car on the driveway. Her arm shielding her breasts and her hand holding her phone covering her dark bush.

"Fuck me, fuck me," Kate said under her breath as she reached the side of her car.

She glanced over her shoulder and started to hear voices from the next door. Her neighbors were coming out! She finally unlocked the door and climbed inside, a moment later she saw her neighbor step out. He looked over and waved over to her. She hesitantly waved back as she slouched in her seat trying to hide her nude state.

Kate's heart felt like it was about to beat out of her chest, and she could already feel herself leaking on her seat, if she was a moment slower her neighbor would've gotten an eyeful of her firm butt. Oh god, she was only in her car and she was already so horny!

She took a deep breath and turned the car on and pulled out of her driveway.

"Oh, Kate got a moment dear?" Kate turned her head and saw her elderly neighbor walking over to her from across the street.

Oh god, how would she explain to her why she was naked in her car!? Kate felt her face blush as she shook her head no, and started to pull away.

"So-sorry! I-I'm in a rush!" Kate shouted as she drove off faster then she should've in a quiet neighborhood, leaving her stunned neighbor in the dust.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Kate muttered as she continued driving, barely a minute streaking and she had two close calls! She should've turned back, realized how stupid idea this was, someone was bound to see her, but as she stopped at a red light and glanced down she could see she was spilling honey all over her leather seat!

"Oh, the smell is never going to come off," Kate said out loud but at the same time, she wanted nothing more than to start playing with herself.

She knew she'd be turned on by streaking but didn't think she'd be ready to cum already! She bit her lip as she moved her right hand off the wheel and down her body. Her pussy was aching so much, maybe just a few quick flicks while she had a moment.

*HONK*

Kate jumped in her seat as she heard someone behind her honk. She glanced up and saw the light was green and holding up a couple of cars behind her. Her face flushed, whether, in embarrassment or the fact she was about to finger herself in the middle of traffic, she sped off towards Diane.

She was finding it harder to concentrate, her pussy was aching so much to be touched. She tried closing her legs shut hoping it would help but all it did was make her rub her honey-soaked thighs against one another. The squishing sound telling her how wet she was caused her to moan quietly.

She soon reached Diane's home. She cursed out loud as the street parking in front of her house was already taken, and that forced her to park a minute down the road. She took a deep breath and turned off her car. She was so close, but it was a quick jog to Diane's front door. The sun was setting but it was still fairly bright out, she would be exposed at best for only a minute. Just the thought alone was making her crazy, she had to squeeze her legs with her hands in order to make sure they didn't go anywhere she didn't want them too.

A ping from her phone got her attention.

Nicole: So did you woo Diane by showing up nude, or are you hiding in your car?



Oh, that damn woman knew her too well.

Kate: Just waiting for the right time. Don't you have something better to do? Like masturbating in front of all your neighbors? Oh, right you already did that.



Oh, that felt good, no matter how much control Nicole may have she at least could hold that over her head. Another ping was heard, and Kate started to panic, oh no why did she have to say that!?



Nicole: I'll let you have that one....but only one. And for your info, I'm about to go downstairs in my building to do laundry, so I won't be able to bother you anymore. Good luck!

Once the coast was clear, she made her move. She quickly got out of her car and stayed low. She covered both breasts with her hands and started running down the sidewalk. She felt her heart racing, she was streaking in a place she'd never been before, all she had on her was her keys and phone, she truly was vulnerable. She squirmed as each house she passed risked someone catching her outside their window. However, that just caused her to feel even more aroused, the more exposed, and at-risk she was, the more the fire inside of her burned. Kate's eyes widened as she felt a familiar pit in her stomach, oh no, she was about to orgasm!

She nearly crashed into Diane's door as she started banging on her door.

"Fuck me, fuck me," Kate said nervously as she tried to hold in a moan, oh god she was so close! She heard the door's lock being turned and soon saw her beautiful girlfriend pop out.

XXX

Diane's expression was one of shock as she saw her trembling and very surprising nude girlfriend standing in front of her. She didn't know how to react, she appreciated seeing her and naked as well, but when she'd suggested hanging out at her house she kinda expected her date to be clothed.

"Um..?" Diane was truly at a loss for words, she didn't know whether to look at her or turn around.

"C-can I-I-I -com-come in!" Kate pleaded as she was glancing behind her, making sure no one got an unobstructed view of her large butt.

Diane wanted to say yes, but this was just too weird. "Why are you nude Kate?"

Diane was surprised that instead of an answer she heard Kate moan, her first instinct was to help but the moan sounded familiar, it wasn't of pain....but pleasure?

"Diane, please let me in!" Kate begged, as she bit her lip and closed her eyes, she seemed to be holding back.

Diane knew Kate well enough to know that this was her "I'm about to cum beware everyone in the splash zone". Before Diane could tell Kate to come in the older women gasped and fell onto her knees on her welcome mat.

Kate tilted her head back and moaned out loud as she came right in front of Diane. The older woman who Diane found to take charge in the bedroom due to her experience was air humping her welcome mat and cumming right in front of her like a common street whore.

Diane pulled her girlfriend inside, but Kate was still cumming so it was more dragging her inside. She closed her door and pulled Kate to her living room. The womans moan getting quieter and quieter until all she could hear was heavy breathing. She was so confused and had so many questions. Was she mugged? Or worse...raped?

XXX

Kate had her eyes closed as she continued to enjoy her post-orgasm bliss. From reading ENF erotic fiction she'd been aware of 'ENF orgasm' an orgasm created from being in an ENF situation without even touching yourself, but she never actually thought her body was capable of it. She could feel her walls constrict as she started to cum, it was odd cumming while neither her fingers of her vibrator was inside of her.

It was then her other senses started to come back, first, she smelled of something really sweet, a familiar perfume, then she could feel another hand on top of hers, stroking her arm with their thumb.

Kate's eyes immediately opened and she jumped a little as she realized she was no longer on Diane's front porch, she turned to her side and saw her girlfriend sitting beside, a small frown on her face. Oh god, how would she explain this? Her face heated up and her mouth opened and closed but no words came out of her mouth, she already had trouble planning to explain to Diane how she has an ENF kink, but now how do you explain showing up at your girlfriend's door naked and on your knee's cumming on their front door!?

"I-I-I, um, ah how do I-" Kate's stumbled speech was interrupted by Diane leaning over and kissing her on the lips.

Kate immediately melted into the kiss, oh she needed this. Before the kiss could move any further Diane pulled away, much to the whimper of Kate.

"Are you okay?" Diane asked.

Not trusting her voice yet Kate simply nodded, giving Diane's hand a firm squeeze.

"Do you want some clothes, maybe need me to call the cops?" Diane continued to speak.

Cops, COPS!? Kate started to panic again, she knew there was a chance Diane wouldn't appreciate this gesture but calling the cops on her was a bit extreme.

"NO!" Kate yelled, surprising the dark-haired woman.

Diane looked at Kate a little uneasy as she glanced at her cell phone then back to her nude girlfriend. "Is that a no to the clothes or the cops?"

"Both." Kate squeaked her face still very much red.

"Um alright, why don't you explain whats going on then. Because I'm very confused and worried Kate." Diane said.

Kate nodded, okay she sucked at planning, sucked worse at actually following through on her plan, maybe winging it would be best.

"You agree that since we've been having sex its been amazing right?" Diane nodded along to her words. "Well, you showed me your toys last time, and it got me thinking, I wanted to show you one of my kinks." Kate could feel heart racing a mile a minute, but she could do this. "So my kink was showing up at your door, naked." Oh, she could feel her face heat up just saying that out loud.

She didn't want to look at Diane's face but she needed to know how the younger woman was taking this odd fetish.

"So you get off on showing off your body?" Diane asked.

"Not exactly, it's more the thrill of trying not to be caught " Kate tried to explain.

"So you get off on not showing off your body?" The goth looked very confused.

"...not exactly?" God, why was this so difficult!? "It's called ENF, stands for embarrassed, nude, female. Basically it's a fetish in which people get sexual pleasure from being naked and exposed in places they are normally supposed to wear clothes at." Kate could finally see the wheels turning in Diane's head as she started to explain ENF a bit more.

"Oh! So you get horny from exposing your tiny boobies outside your home?" God, when Diane said it like that it sounds so humiliating. She felt herself crossing her arms over her small chest.

"Well I wouldn't use those words but yes." Kate agreed, somewhat.

"That would explain why I opened my door to find you having an orgasm on my 'welcome' mat." Oh if Kate could jump in a hole she would.

"I didn't plan for that to happen, but I got so worked up that I couldn't control myself," Kate responded shyly. "Sorry I freaked you out and sorry for...ruining your mat." She said as she looked down at her lap.

She could feel Diane's hand on her face as she twisted her to look in her direction. "Nothing to be sorry about, if anything it's a compliment you wanted to open your world to me." A small smile forming on Diane's face.

Kate could feel her own smile forming as well, Diane was her first partner she ever told about her ENF kink, and she was accepting of it! Oh, she could kiss Diane at this moment...well why wasn't she!?

Kate leaned in softly placed her lips onto Diane's. The younger woman was eager to reciprocate as she leaned into the kiss. Kate could start to feel her racing as she could feel Diane place her soft hands on her bare body. It was such a strange feeling being completely naked while your partner was fully clothed, it sent tingles down her body knowing she should be feeling a little shy because of it, but if anything it turned her on more.

She pushed herself over so that she was straddling her. She slid her tongue across Diane's lips and the other woman was eager to accept as she opened her mouth to let it in. Her hands were just as active as she rubbed them across the younger woman's body, excited to feel every inch of it, there were just a few things in the way.

Her hands reached down to Diane's jeans, she unbuttoned and unzipped them, the sound making her smile. Willing to help, Diane lifted her lower body and Kate easily pulled the pants down the woman's leg.

Kate soon broke the kiss and started to move her way down the goths neck, she was all too willing and leaned her head back to open more access. She planted small kisses along her jawline and further down, a soft moan escaping Diane's mouth.

Taking advantage of the amount of cleavage her shirt was giving Kate started to plant kisses along her chest, she could feel Diane jump a little at the attention her body was getting. Kate had to admit Diane's breasts were one of the biggest she'd ever seen, she could spend so much time giving them the attention they needed, but Kate felt like eating something first.

Kate slid down to kneel on the floor between Diane's legs. She gently placed her hands on the insides of the horny girl's quivering thighs, feeling the softness of her skin, she pushed them further apart so that Diane's legs were now spread obscenely wide. Then the blonde took a second to admire the view from close. The sheer panties were stained with juices, changing the material from sheer to transparent, showing off every detail of Diane's pristine pussy.

Kate looked up to see Diane looking to her side away from her, a small blush on her face. She found it cute no matter how many times they slept together the younger woman always seemed to be a little shy when it came to sex.

She smiled devilishly and gave her a wink before she lowered her mouth and planted a kiss on Diane's lips through the panties, making the dark-haired beauty throw her head back in pleasure. The blonde let her tongue run along the contours of her slit for a second before she reached for the waistband of her panties. It didn't take much force to rip the flimsy material apart, leaving Diane's dripping pussy completely bare.

She tugged the shreds out from under her girlfriend's ass, leaving her naked from the waist down, and threw the remains onto the floor with a flick of her wrist. Then she dived in, having wasted enough time on teasing she now felt the need to taste this girl. She felt her jump as her lips locked around the clit and she applied suction.

"Holy Fuck!!!" Diane yelled out as she felt the older woman's tongue flick over her sensitive spot, her back arching off the couch at the sensation.

The blonde then used the thumbs of both hands to pull Diane's labia apart, exposing the inner pinkness of her pussy and her tight opening and pushed her tongue as deep into the velvety channel as it would go.

A quick glance up and Kate could see Diane reached up, cupping her own heaving breasts through her shirt with her hands and began to tweak and twist her nipples while she was orally serviced. Kate smirked as her tongue ran over a sensitive spot.

The sudden jolt went through the goths body and her eyes opened wide, staring down at the blonde, who grinned cheekily while she inserted two fingers into her pussy, rapidly finger-fucking her. "Cum, Diane" she whispered before locking her lips around her clit again.

Diane bucked and thrashed on the couch, quickly losing control over her own body. Her legs clamped together over Kate's ears as the blonde furiously fingered her. "Oh my god... oh... Oh... OOOOOOH!" she yelled on the top of her lungs, throwing her head back as she came over the girl's hand and face. Her whole body tensed and shuddered as her pussy exploded over Kate's fingers. "Fuuuuck..."

Suddenly all tension left Diane. Her body felt like jelly. Breathlessly she slumped back on the couch, panting, her knees dropping apart, letting Kate's head free. "... shit," she mouthed.

Kate chuckled silently. She gave Diane's pussy a last lick, lapping up her honey from her slit before slowly crawling up on top of her. Softly she kissed her on her lips, making her taste her own juices. "Nice show!" she whispered, winking at the exhausted woman.

Diane whimpered in response, unable to form any words.

As comfortable as the couch was Kate knew the bedroom was where the main show needed to be. She gently tugged Diane's arm until she stood up. She wobbled a bit as she was still recovering from her orgasm.

"Oh, why did you rip my underwear? Those were one of my favorite pairs of panties?" Diane whined when she saw her undergarment ripped in two.

Kate had the decency to blush, she may have gotten a little TOO in the moment. "Sorry." She said while they both walked upstairs to her bedroom. "How about next week we go shopping and I can find you something nice to wear to repay you?" She batted her eyes a bit for extra emphasis.

Diane giggled at the older woman's antics, she was always a sucker for Kate. "Sure we can go shopping. At the local mall?"

"Right." Kate nodded, oh her girlfriend was so unaware of what she had planned for her at the mall, but as she walked behind Diane and finally got a good look at her bottomless state, her cute butt jiggling with each step, all logic went out the window.

Diane had barely walked into the bedroom when she gasped in surprise as Kate started attacking her neck. Pecking at every inch of the dark beauties neck. She bit her lip as she could also feel Kate's hands grabbing a handful of her butt. Soon the hands circled around her and started to tug at her shirt.

"As much as I fucking love seeing you bottomless, it's time to get you naked," Kate said each word spoken between a kiss on the neck.

Diane merely nodded and lifted her hands to allow Kate to lift her shirt over her head and thrown to the floor, now only wearing her bra.

Kate's hand soon attacked Diane's large breasts, groping them over her bra. Even though she'd just come Diane could already feel her pussy moistening from the attention.

Eager to continue Kate snaked her sands underneath Diane's bra, eager to finally play with her two favorite toys. Everyone at their office didn't nickname her DDiane for nothing.

Diane moaned out loud as her thumb brushed over her left nipple. She then used both of her index fingers and started circling her nipples, getting the woman to shudder. She soon used her thumb and finger and pinched, eliciting another moan. Soon Kate started pinching and lightly tugging them.

"Oooooh, Kate!" A louder cry escaping the goth's lips.

Kate smirked, god just hearing her girlfriend moan her name was making her wet. She went up to her ear and gave it a small bite. The biting mixed in with her nipples being pinched caused Diane's body to shake, almost dropping onto the bed if it wasn't for Kates's own hands.

"Oh FUCK KATE!" Diane cried out, her own hands went up to her own breasts and grabbing Kate's hand.

"Are you about to cum for me?" Kate whispered in her ear.

"Yeah," Diane said quietly, nodding.

Before Diane could say anything she felt Kate's hands move out of her bra, she was about to whine about why she stopped before she felt Kate push her, bending her over her bed. She felt the blonde's hands on her bra and unclasped them, and pulled them off her, leaving her naked just like Kate.

"Where is it?" Kate demanded.

Diane knew what she was referring to "Top drawer, left dresser."

Diane could hear Kate opening the drawer. She felt her face heat up at what was about to happen. Not trusting her legs to give out again she crawled onto the bed and laid on all fours ready to be fucked.

Diane soon heard something behind her. She turned her head and her heart started to race even more as she saw Kate behind her, a strap on being worn.

"I trust you don't need lubrication?" Kate teased, a small smirk on her face. Diane nodded not trusting her voice to answer, as it was fairly obvious how wet Kate had made her. She just wiggled her ass inviting her to come in.

Diane could feel Kate crawl in the bed behind her. She bit her lip as she could feel the strap on poking at her hot core, just a few more inches.

*SMACK*

Diane cried out and almost fell on her face as she felt her rear get smacked, she was about to turn her head before Kate slapped her ass again.

"I asked you a question Diane, not have you shake your ass at me like a horny idiot," Kate growled out, her dominant sexual personal fully coming out. Oh, Diane loved it when Kate dominated her like this, maybe it was because she was younger, or less experienced but either way she loved this.

"N-NO!" Diane yelled out

Another hand smacked her left butt cheek. It was so hard she nearly felled over, her breasts swung wildly smacking her in the face.

"No what?" Kate said her hand raised to give another slap.

"N-no, i-it doe-doesn't need to be lub-lubricated!" Diane was getting desperate, her pussy was aching to be filled, she wanted no needed Kate to fuck her now!

"Please Kate!" Diane started to beg. Her girlfriend's only answer was another spank to her now quite red rear.

"How bad do you want this fake dick in your pussy?" Kate demanded.

Diane whimpered as her girlfriend gave another smack. "Very badly! If we were at work and you bent me over my desk I'd be so happy for you to fuck me!

Kate smiled at that answer, she may have to try that work then. She grabbed the quivering girl's waist and positioned the strap on at Diane's leaking entrance. She gently slid the peak along the slit. Diane moaned out at the touch, arching her back trying to push her pussy into it.

Soon Kate started to push inside Diane's walls, she smiled as there wasn't much resistance, the poor girl must have been soaked while she teased her. The entire length of the strap on was in, she stayed still for a moment to let Diane soak it in. Her heavy breathing was a sign she was in her own world.

She pulled out a little before slamming it in, a cry escaping Diane's lips from the force. Kate pulled out even more and put it back in, and soon she started to have a rhythm. Each time she pushed it back in Diane would push her butt out to meet it.

Kate could hear Diane's breathing quickening. She exhaled loudly as she slipped deeper inside. Her cunt clamped down tightly around the shaft. She slowly slid it back and forth inside her. Hands gripped her hips tighter trying to keep their rhythm

The room was silent except for Diane's heavy breathing and the suction sound of strapon moving back and forth inside her pussy. Feeling bold Kate leaned in and circled her arms and with each hand grabbed a handful of Diane's swinging breasts. That caused the goth to cry out even louder as Kate started to play with her nipples.

"Oh, oh, oh, Oh, Oh, OH!" Diane started to pant, she was close to cumming.

Kate picked up the pace and started thrusting harder and faster.

"Oh, Oh, I-I'm about to-to CUM!" Diane tilted her back and started to orgasm loudly as Kate gave one final thrust into her. Her body shook as she moaned out, her pussy started to squirt her honey all over Kate's torso and onto the bed. She could feel her body still shaking in her arms as she remained on the spit of the shaft.

The room was quiet except for the sound of our breathing. Diane remained standing on all fours. Kate slowly removed the shaft from out of her, it was completely coated in her juices. She got off of Diane and laid down on the bed, the younger woman following suit.

"That...was amazing Kate," Diane said, with each word taking heavier breaths.

Kate just smiled as she took the moment of peace to admire her girlfriend. Sweat glistened all of Diane's body, her face was flushed red, and with each breath, she saw her large breasts moving up and down, it was almost hypnotic. Not even to mention the dark bush and the rest of her legs were just coated in her own cum. Diane was a hot mess, and Kate loved it.

"I'm glad you liked it, hope I wasn't too harsh on you?" Sometimes Kate could get lost in the moment, she hated to think she may have gone too far.

"No, it's fine um.." Diane's cheeks starting to pinken as she bit her lip. "I like it when you dominate me." She admitted quietly.

Kate smiled at her words. "I'm glad, I kinda enjoy it actually."

"Well as much as I enjoy it I think it's only fair I get to fuck you now," Diane said as she started to reach out for the strap on.

Kate moved it back out of Diane's reach, the pale girl looked at her a little confused. "I prefer to use it clean, and as you can see you came all over it."

Diane's eyes realized what she meant, she leaned in with her face and licked the shaft from the bottom, all the way to the tip. She then opened her mouth and slowly moved in, Kate was impressed that she was able to deep throat the entire length. Diane bobbed her head up and down making sure to drink in every bit of her honey. Once she was satisfied her mouth popped as she removed it from her mouth.

"Good enough?" She asked.

"I don't know, you seemed to be enjoying it, are you sure you like women?" Kate teased, only to laugh as her girlfriend gave her a playful smack.

She removed the strap and handed it over while she got ready on all fours ready for her turn.

"I'm guessing you want to do anal?" Diane asked as she lubriacated the strp on, an unsure look on her face.

Kate nodded happily, ever since Stephanie tried to insert her baton into her ass she'd gotten curious about anal and tried doing it with a few toys of her own, she now felt ready to try it with her partner.

"Okay, just tell me if it hurts." The dark-haired woman said as she stood up behind Kate.

Diane concentrated as she raised the shaft and lined it up between those gorgeous ass cheeks.

"Ooh you dirty girl," Diane said as she pushed it headfirst slowly between them. Kate groaned a little as she found her puckered little pink asshole giving some resistance. Having never done anything like this, she thought for a moment there was no way it would fit. Diane continued to push forward and with some difficulty, her asshole surprisingly began to yield to the invading member. Again she let out a groan as still holding the base she pushed harder against it. Then all of a sudden the tip of the shaft popped inside.

"Gosh you're tight," Diane said struggling to continue, she sighed as she drove forward forcing it deeper inside. Kate expected to be screaming in pain but instead, she just moaned and even gave her ass a little wiggle to assist him in his efforts. Slowly she drew it back before driving it back into her,

"ooh fuck, fuck, fuck!" She groaned as she felt the tightness of the shaft like it had never been before.

Diane quickly built up speed and was soon ramming it roughly into her driving it up to the hilt, her thighs hitting her firm round cheeks. Kate couldn't believe she was being fucked in the ass, and she was getting very turned on by it! Every time her partner thrust into her, her body felt tingles all over her skin, as if it was her pussy getting the attention. She arched her back further in a gesture that told her she was actually enjoying it.

She could feel an orgasm building, it was almost overwhelming how much it was sneaking up on her. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" Kate cried out.

She must've been close as she could hear and feel Diane having trouble fucking her at a fast pace. Suddenly her pussy started to constrict and Kate started to cum right there, she felt no control over her body as she squirted all over the bed and let out an intense roar of sexual pleasure. Her body shook immensely as it shot through her, it almost felt animalistic. She lost the strength in her arms and fell face-first onto the bed, the mattress doing little to lessen her orgasmic cry.

Soon the sensation started to die down and Kate started to gasp heavily as she tried to recover. She never felt so exhausted after an orgasm like it. She could feel Diane pulling the shaft out of her ass, soon it was put away and she laid right next to her.

"Are you okay? I didn't hurt you right?" Diane asked a bit concerned.

"No, it was a little uncomfortable but fuck it felt so good." Kate responded, having a little trouble speaking.

Diane smiled as she leaned in a placed a soft kiss on her lips.

"Why don't we just stay in bed and watch a movie?" The goth suggested.

"That sounds nice." Kate said as she moved over and cuddled with her girlfriend, she sighed blissfully as she laid her head on Diane's soft breasts, of she could lay like this all night.

XXX

Kate nervously squirmed as she stood in front of the doorway with Diane. They had a fabulous night together and her showing up nude had definitely been worth it. However, there was a problem, Kate in her sex filled mind didn't think of. Getting home.

She looked outside to see it was broad daylight, the morning after she came over, and saw people outside milling about, some walking down the sidewalk, others on their front lawns. Kate gulped at the thought of now walking past all of them to her car, completely naked.

"Um, Diane?" Kate asked nervously, glancing back at her lovely and generous girlfriend.

"Yes, Kate?" Diane answered, a small smirk on her face as she had obviously pieced together the same thing Kate was worried about.

"Could I, by any chance borrow an outfit from you?" Kate squirmed a little as Diane's smirk turned into a full smile.

Diane pressed a finger on her lip and tilted her head up to ponder Kate's request. She 'hmmed' as she kept "thinking".

"There's a problem with that Kate, my clothes don't fit you." She finally answered, and Kate could feel herself getting wet as her nightmare was slowly becoming a reality.

"Bu- but you do fit me!" Kate tried to convince her.

Diane sighed sadly at her nude girlfriend. "Really Kate?" Diane motioned to her large DD breasts, and then towards Kate tiny boobies. The size was vastly different.

"Were not the same size sorry," Diane said as she started pushing Kate toward the door.

"but, but, but not even pants!?" Kate begged as Diane opened the door and she was hit with the bright light.

"Nope!" Diane said as she shoved Kate through the door, and outside.

Kate was like a wild animal frozen in fear. All around her were potential problems, everyone here could see her nude and laugh and poke fun at her nude expense. Maybe while they hadn't noticed her yet she could sne-

"BYE KATE THANKS FOR CUMMING!" Diane yelled and soon followed by a heavy slam of her front door.

Kate cried out as every single person's eyes landed on her, some confused, others hollering and whistling at the naked women in front of her. Kate was so frozen with fear she hadn't ever moved her hands in front of her to cover herself. Everyone was getting a great view of her small chest, and her very dark bush, which did not match her blonde hair at all.

A sudden flash of a camera broke her trance, and she hastily covered her boobs and bush with her hands and ran.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Kate muttered as she continued to run, she passed by a woman playing with her kids and both of them were shocked to see a nude woman run in front of me.

"You whore get out of her!" She yelled at her, that only caused a larger commotion.

Kate just kept her head down, her face extremely red, she'd never been this humiliated in her life, and yes to her horror quite aroused.

She knew her car was close, she just had to get in, drive home, and never come back to this neighborhood again, simple plan.

Unfortunately, Kate didn't see until the last moment a person appear in front of her, she bumped into them headfirst and bounced back landing on her back on the pavement. She could still hear some commotion but she was a bit dazed. Her vision started to come back and she saw someone standing in front of her, it was a police officer.

"Well, well, well, I didn't expect to see you so soon, and naked as well." The officer said a smirk on her face as she stared down at Kate who had her legs wide open as if she was asking to be fucked.

Kate gulped as she realized this was Stephanie, the same police officer who busted her from streaking a few weeks ago. The same officer who bent her over her car and fucked her with her baton. The same officer who was now standing between her wide open legs, with a predatory smile on her face.

"Fuck me." 