Author: mypenname3000
Title: Winning a Genie Harem Chapter 4: Schoolgirl's Submissive Lesson
Summary: Corey teaches a submissive schoolgirl a new trick.
Keywords: mF mf harem anal nun inter A2M 1st public school

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Characters
Main Characters

Corey Derrickson: High school senior, friend of Kyle Unmei, given the chance to marry one of four genie, each from a different tribe, if he can find them at St. Maria Theodora Catholic School!
Aleah Buckley: Corey's first sex slave. High school senior. He claimed her after Kyle suggested she'd be a good canidate for starting Corey's harem.
Tania Buckley: Aleah's younger sister. Corey's second sex slave. High school sophomore. Seduced into the harem by Aleah.

Students

Asra Duff: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and PE.
Bettie Black: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and History classes. A spoiled princess dripping for a man to take her in hand. 
Briana Hamilton: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and PE classes.
Brenda Nevada: A senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes.
Debbie Goffe: Sophomore at St. Maria Theodora.
Franny Keighley: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Jennifer Nielson: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Hallie Hunt: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and Chemistry classes.
Havva Najjar: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class. After eating her pussy and seeing her submissive nature, Corey suspects she is the Jann.
In'am Alfarsi: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Lisa Comstock: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Megan Scrivenor: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Nadia Rivers: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's PE class.
Natiqua Osbourne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Regina Florence: Girl who moved in next door to Corey, sophomore at St. Maria Theodora. In Tania's math class.
Pita Reyes: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and Chemistry class.
Ritsuko Takayama: A Sophmore at St. Maria Theodora.
Rita Pickle: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Sheila Thorne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's History and PE class.
Tammy Fredrick: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and PE Class
Ursula Bannister: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Chemistry class.
Vanessa Shearer: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes. Wants a private study session with Corey.
Zahia Qadir: A Junior at St. Maria Theodora.

Faculty

Mrs. Abigail Reynolds: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Ms. Allie Reid: Corey's English teacher and the librarian at St. Maria Theodora. A naughty teacher doing wicked things with Corey.
Coach Denise Bennett: Corey's PE teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Mrs. Donna Blackwood: A philosophy teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Anna Petra: A nun and Corey's Chemistry teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Doris Suzette: A nun and teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Ester Sarah: A nun and Corey's Math teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Francis Jean: A nun and Corey's History teacher at St. Maria Theodora. Suspects Corey of having sex at school. Not happy about it.
Sister Nova Victoria: A nun and new headmistress at St. Maria Theodora. Corey suspects she's the Ifrit after she initiates a sexual relationship with him.
Ms. Valerie Terrence: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.

Corey Derrickson  Tuesday, September 8th

Where was Sister Francis Jean taking me?

The nun was pissed at me for showing up late to her class on the first day of school at St. Maria Theodora. She clearly suspected that I'd been fucking a submissive and slutty girl named Bettie Black. I was. I had a hot threesome with the flirty girl and one of my sex slaves in the restroom. It had been a hot time. 

I was letting all this attention go to my head. All the girls who were horny for me were making it known. I was the only guy on campus and the naughty, Catholic schoolgirls were panting for me. Some were bold, slipping me their panties, while others were asking me to study or get coffee. Bettie was the most aggressive and the most submissive. She wanted to be my sex slave, so I gave her a taste.

She hadn't disappointed.

The nun stalked ahead of me wrapped up in her black habit. I followed after in my school uniform. The red-and-green tartan tie was tight around my neck. I wasn't used to wearing it. The color matched the skirts of the girls. They all looked so delicious in them. 

My friend Kyle was the greatest guy in the world for using his genie's magic to send me here.

I had two candidates for the four genies I was here to find and woo. I could pick one for my wife, and that would be hard. Already the two I'd met were delicious in different ways. The innocent and submissive Havva was begging to have her cherry popped by me. Innocent, pretending to come from a sheltered home, the Jann was ripe for the plucking. The other was the new headmistress, a nun named Sister Nova Victoria. The Middle-Eastern woman was fiery and passionate, aggressive and a mature beauty, the Ifrit.

That was where Sister Francis was taking me. 

I smiled, knowing that the Arab woman would want more of my cock. She was either a horny nun who had gone fifteen years without getting laid and needing dick so bad, or she was the Ifrit and wanting to make a strong impression. I hoped it was the latter.

Sister Francis Jean led us around the corner to the administration office. She opened the door into the office. The school seemed to forgo using a proper secretary and instead used students. For a week, during a period a day, a student would have to work as a secretary.

Last time, it had been this girl named Jennifer. This time, it was an Arab girl. The headscarf she wore wrapped around her dusky face had the same tartan pattern as her skirt. She wore the same white blouse as the other girls, the tails of her bow tie falling down her chest. She had glasses perched on her face. They were dark-rimmed, making her look intelligent and cute at the same time.

She looked up and blinked. She stared at me, interest in her eyes. I couldn't help but smile back. She shifted in her chair and looked away. Was this the Marid girl? I hoped so. That would be wonderful to find her, too.

I need to see the headmistress, Sister Francis snapped, her voice tight with anger.

Oh, uh, yes, Sister, the potential Marid said. She grabbed a phone and hit a button. She glanced at me again and then looked away as she brought the receiver to her ear. After a moment, she said, Sister Francis needs to see you right away. She, uh, has the new student with her. The Arab girl bit her lower lip. Okay, Sister. She set the phone and nodded her head.

Sister Francis swept back and I followed after. She swept down a hallway, reached the headmistress's door, and knocked hard before thrusting the door open. Sister Nova Victoria stood up, her wimple framing her dusky face not unlike the headscarf the girl at the desk wore. She smoothed her black habit, an amused puzzlement on her face.

Has Mr. Derrickson gotten himself in trouble already? she asked, her large breast swelling the front of her habit. I'm surprised. He seemed such a good boy when I spoke to him.

He was late to my class, Sister Francis said. Fifteen minutes. He arrived with another student.

Bettie needed some help, I glibly said. She was having some personal problems and needed someone to guide her. I made her feel better than brought her to class. I shrugged. Sorry for being late.

Hmm, said the headmistress. That seems reasonable enough.

I know you're new, but you can't be nave, said Sister Francis. They both were flushed. Glowing.

It was an emotional release for Bettie, I said. She needed it.

I'll speak with him, said Sister Nova.

He needs to be punished, the nun said. He shouldn't even be here. I know this is a trial to have a boy here, but he is already leading one of our students astray.

Do you have proof that they were engaged in inappropriate behavior?

I have my eyes and a decade around hormonal teenage girls, she said, glancing at me. 

I will take care of it, Sister Nova Victoria said, her eyes growing hard. I will interrogate him and determine what to do. You can go back to your class and resume teaching your students.

Sister Francis swelled up for a moment. She looked about to object, but there was a hard flame in Sister Nova's eyes. The teacher sighed and nodded. Then she whirled around and ripped open the door. She stalked out.

Amusement flicked across Sister Nova's face. The headmistress shook her head, her veil rustling around her shoulders. Fucking other girls already?

Yes. I gave her a bold grin. And that makes you hot, doesn't it. Gets that naughty nun cunt wet.

A flirty smile flitted across her lips. Well, you've confessed to corrupting one of my sweet and innocent lambs.

I laughed. Trust me, there was nothing innocent about Bettie. She was dripping for it. Like you were.

Mmm, she purred. So now I need to discipline you?

You're not, I said. Having two sex slaves for six months had taught me to be comfortable dominating girls. Because you'd rather bend over and let me fuck that ass. You're aching for my dick to sodomize your wicked bowels.

God forgive me, I do, she moaned. I'm such a naughty and kinky nun. I'm the one that should be punished. Leading my lamb into such sinful acts.

You were hardly dragging me along, I said, my dick hard. Bend over. You have any lube.

Lotion, she moaned as she bent over her desk. Bottom drawer. Pound me hard. We don't have much time. I need that cock in me. I've been thinking about you, getting hotter and hotter.

Just flaming, right? I said, moving around her desk. Her ass wiggled, her black habit fell over her rump. You like it hot, don't you? Like playing with fire?

Mmm, it makes things so much more fun if there's a chance you can get burned, she moaned. I have a meeting with the board. If they catch us, we'll be in so much trouble.

But you need it, I said, bending down and opening her drawer. She had a bottle of lotion, Jergens in an ivory bottle. I placed it beside her. I grabbed her habit and drew it up, revealing more and more of her thigh-high stockings cladding her legs. They were gorgeous. You need my big dick to plunder your asshole.

I flipped the skirt over her rump. Her ass was cupped by those naughty panties, her rump looking so delicious. The crotch was a mess, soaked and stained with my cum leaking out of her pussy. I hooked her panties and pulled them down just enough to expose her curving ass. Between those beautiful butt-cheeks, in that tight crack, her asshole waited.

I unbuckled my belt and undid my pants. The gray slacks fell down around my ankles. My dick throbbed in my boxers. I shoved those down, my cock popping out and smacking her naked rump. Her dusky skin looked so delicious against my pale-beige cock.

Oh, god, I need your cock in my sinful asshole, she moaned. Bugger me! Make me as wicked as those depraved inhabitants of Sodom.

I pressed on the lotion bottle's pump, coating my hand in the ivory cream. I smeared it over my cock, soaking my shaft. I pumped it up and down, greasing me. I stared at her ass, wanting to eat her out, but she didn't have time.

That made this hot. 

Beg, I told her, draping my greased cock over the crack of her ass, feeling the silky-smooth grace of her rump. She felt amazing against me. Beg for my cock to slip into your asshole.

Please, please, Corey! she moaned. I'm such a wicked and wanton whore. I need your dick to slide into my asshole and fuck me hard!

I smiled at her passion. I pressed my cock's tip down into her crack. I slid down to her sphincter. I pressed against it. You want my cock to slip into your asshole? What sort of nun does that?

A dirty, filthy, kinky nun! she moaned, squeezing her butt-cheeks around my cock. One sick of her chastity. I want your cock in me. Slide that big, young cock in me and fuck me hard!

I thrust.

The greased head of my cock pressed on her asshole. She was tight. I could tell I was breaking in her sphincter. Her tight bowels stretched and stretched around my bowels. I groaned at the feel of her tight ring sliding over my cock. The pleasure surged around my dick. It was amazing. This wonderful, velvety heat that slid over my tip.

I popped into her bowels. She gasped. Her virgin flesh clung about me. I pushed into the nun, loving how she groaned. Her back arched as I slid deeper and deeper into her asshole. I pressed into that wonderful heaven, inch after inch of my cock vanishing into her anal sheath.

Oh, Lord, I am such a sinner, she moaned. That's incredible. I've always wanted to do this.

You're going to do all manner of sinful things this year, I groaned, leaning over the desk. I bet you want to lick out a girl's cunt. One of your innocent and pure schoolgirls.

Oh, my Lord, that's wicked, she moaned, her bowels clenching around my dick. I bottomed out in her. I've never wanted to do that.

But you're going to, I said and drew back my dick. You're going to press your face between her young thighs and nuzzle into her delicious pussy. You're going to eat her while I fuck you from behind. She might have my cum in her. You'll have to lick her clean.

That would make me such a wicked nun, she moaned as I drew back my cock. She shuddered. Lord, save me, I want to do that. Make me eat their cunts! Force me to devour them!

Her hot bowels massaged my cock as her words echoed through the room. I thrust back into her asshole. I buried to the hilt in her bowels. My crotch smacked into her butt-cheeks. The slap echoed through the room. The pleasure surged through me. I groaned. My balls tightened. I rammed hard into her. 

I slammed into her hard. I buried into her bowels and groaned, slapping into her ass again and again. My balls smacked her taint. She squeezed around my dick, her velvety flesh gripping me. The mature and naughty nun massaged my cock with every thrust into her asshole.

Her hot sheath fueled the heat in my balls. The growing flames brought my nuts closer and closer to a boil. I slammed into her bowels, her lotion lubing the way. She gasped and groaned, her hands gripping the edge of her desk. Her black veil rustled about her head.

Yes, yes, yes! she hissed. You're fucking my ass so hard.

You keep making noise, I groaned, burying my dick deep into her bowels before drawing back out, that cutie out there will hear us.

Miss Qadir? she gasped, her asshole clenching velvety tight around my cock. The pleasure rippled through me. 

If she does, she might get curious, I groaned. She might check up on you. I pounded her asshole, my crotch smacking into her butt-cheeks. She might find us, and then what? Will I have to seduce her. Will I have to make you eat her pussy to keep her quiet.

Oh, my Lord God, you would! she moaned, throwing back her head. Yes, yes, we'd have to seduce her to keep our filthy, naughty secret.

Her asshole grew hotter around my dick. Her moans echoed through her office as I fucked her. My balls smacked into her taint over and over. The heat swelled in my balls. The ache grew at the tip of my dick, every plunge into her tight sheath brought us closer and closer to exploding.

I'd have to lick her schoolgirl pussy! she moaned. I'd have to eat her out! Oh, my God, yes!

Her asshole rippled around my plunging dick. I savored the feel of her rippling bowels. The heat danced around me. I buried into her anal sheath hard as she came. Her asshole sucked at my cock. That wonderful, convulsing flesh brought me closer and closer to cumming in her.

I pounded her. My nuts ached. I buried to the hilt in her spasming asshole again and again. Blood pumped hot through my veins. I stared at the door, hoping Miss Qadir would enter the room. To have a threesome with two of the genie candidates would be so hot.

Beg for me to cum in your asshole! I snarled, wanting to make more noise, on the verge of erupting.

Yes, yes, cum in my slutty, sinful, dirty ass! the Ifrit nun moaned. Fire that jizz in me! I'm such a wicked nun! Lord, help me. Give me your jizz, Mr. Derrickson!

I slammed into her and erupted.

My cum spurted hot and hard into her bowels. The powerful blasts of jizz fired into her. The pleasure slammed into my mind. Sparks exploded across my thoughts. I groaned as my dick erupted over and over. The ecstasy surged through my body.

God fucking damn, you're amazing! I snarled as her hot flesh massaged my erupting cock.

Every spurt shot rapture into my mind. I shuddered as my balls unloaded in her. She moaned, her bowels wringing my cock dry. I hit the pinnacle of ecstasy and hung there for a wondrous heartbeat. Then I panted, my orgasm passed.

Mr. Derrickson, she whimpered. She breathed heavily, her asshole's rippling slowing around my cock. Oh, Lord, I needed that. It was better than I'd imagined.

Than all those depraved fantasies you had while lying alone in your bed, I whispered, masturbating that hot and naughty nun-cunt.

Yes, she moaned, the potential Ifrit committed to this fiction that she was a nun. Oh, Lord, you're going to make the school year wicked. I wish I could keep you.

We'll see, I said as I pulled out my cock. Maybe I'll choose you.

She just gasped as my cock popped out of her asshole. Her sphincter squeezed shut, trapping my cum in her. I drew up her panties and grinned. Then I pulled up my boxers and pants, getting myself straightened up while she stood and smoothed her habit.

Well, we didn't get caught, she said, taking my arm and leading me to the door.

This time, I told her. Maybe Miss Qadir heard everything and is fingering her pussy right now.

Ooh, let's find out. She grabbed the door and ripped it open, gazing down the hall.

Peeking around the corner, the front desk out of sight, appeared Miss Qadir's face, wrapped up in her headscarf. She blinked behind her glasses at the sight of us. Any instructions, headmistress?

Yes, escort Mr. Derrickson back to his class, the headmistress said, her hand sliding down my back to squeeze my ass. Let's make sure our only male student doesn't get lost. We need to take care of him. He's special.

Of course, headmistress, she said, her dusky cheeks looking a little darker. A scarlet tinge to her face. She pushed up her glasses and stepped out, her skirts flowing around her knees. She wore black tights beneath. Mr. Derrickson, if you would...

I broke away from the nun and sauntered to the Arab schoolgirl. I held up my arm to her. Miss Qadir.

She bit her lip and took my arm. Her cheeks were even brighter. I escorted her to the door, holding it open for her, and then we were in the hallway. She had a pleasant smell around her, something fresh and refreshing. Pure even.

You, uh, are causing quite the stir, Mr. Derrickson, she said.

Corey, I said. Call me Corey, Miss Qadir.

Zahia. She glanced at me and then looked away, her glasses shifting on her nose. That's my first name.

Beautiful name, I said. Fits you. Arabic.

She nodded.

And how did a cute Muslim girl end up at a Catholic school? Unless you just wanted to wear that tartan skirt. I glanced down at her legs. You do look great in it.

Corey, she said, shaking her head, you are supposed to be comporting yourself with decorum. The headmistress said so.

So I shouldn't say that those glasses set off your dark eyes and the blush to your cheeks make you look enchanting? I asked. Or that your headscarf gives you this alluring grace?

Her cheeks blushed darker. 

You didn't answer my question, but tried to distract me with your feminine blushes, I said.

Hmm? She blinked her eyes. Oh, yes, I'm not Muslim. Not all Arabs are. Some of us are Christians. After all, the Holy Lands used to be Christian before the Muslim conquest. Not everyone converted. She lifted her head with pride.

That's great, I said. I didn't know that. You're good at helping people out.

Tutoring? She nodded. I am skilled at that.

Yeah, an intelligent girl. Always out to learn new things, too, aren't you? A cute sponge soaking up all the knowledge you can.

I suppose, she said. Are you needing help?

I do. If she was the Marid, there would be no way she wouldn't want to please me. The four were competing to be the one I chose. That was part of the game Kyle had set up. You see, I fucked the headmistress up the ass, and I need you to clean my cock for me.

It turned out that she could blush brighter. Her cheeks blazed scarlet, setting off the dusky hue of her skin. She squirmed. She clasped her hands together and then rubbed them like she was washing them. Her shoulders squirmed from side to side.

You are not suggesting... Her nose twitched. You and the headmistress...

Yeah, I said, unbuckling my belt right here. The hallway was clear. We had time before classes would be out. You ever sucked a cock before?

She shook her head, squirming more. She looked so cute. So alluring. Her tongue flicked over her dark-red lips. She had a dainty nose, and those glasses were so fetching. 

But you want to learn, don't you? I grinned at her and cupped her chin. I lifted her head to meet her dark eyes. You like learning, right?

I... do... she said, her voice strained.

My thumb swept over her lips. I pressed into her mouth. Her lips sealed on it for a moment. Her eyes widened. I pulled it out and said, This is your chance to acquire new knowledge and to help me out. To take care of me, just like the headmistress commanded.

She didn't mean this, she whimpered.

I fucked her up the ass, I said. She was making noise hoping you'd catch us so she could learn how to lick pussy. Your pussy.

The girl trembled. 

My left hand shot down to my pants. I shoved them down along with my boxers. My hard cock popped out. The empty hallways echoed with the rustling of my clothes. With her heavy breathing. Her eyes were dewy behind her glasses, wet and glossy. Passion brimmed in her dark depths.

It's time for you to learn not only how to suck a cock, but to clean it. I smiled at her. You have to be able to take care of me just like the headmistress said.

She glanced down at my cock. Her breathing quickened. She clasped her hands tighter before her. She let out a whimper. This cute and adorable sound. Then she looked up at me. Here?

I smiled. I had her.

Here, I said.

There's a restroom. It's right there.

Right here, I said. I slid my hand from her chin. I grabbed the top of her head. I pushed down on her. 

She didn't fight me. She sank down to her knees. I reveled in this power. This was incredible. Kyle and Aaliyah had created something special here. Something amazing. I would revel in this. I would enjoy every moment at this all-girls' high school.

She reached out with a trembling hand and grabbed my cock. She held me. Her tongue flicked across her lips. She leaned forward. Her dainty nose twitched as she breathed in. She glanced up at me, eyes wide.

You really did... do that to the headmistress, she moaned, her eyes wide. There was something almost like awe in them.

Yes, I fucked her up the ass, I said, smiling at her. Now, just run that tongue up and down my shaft. Clean off that sour flavor. You're going to love it. My hand on her head tightened, the headscarf feeling soft beneath my hand. You're made for this, Zahia. You're going to love learning this skill.

She swallowed and then she leaned in. She closed her eyes as she neared.

You need them open to see, I said. Stare at my cock as you clean it. Lick up and down it and revel in what you're doing. Be proud of your task. In learning your new skill.

Yes, Corey, she said, her voice as soft as a flowing brook.

Her pink tongue thrust out. She brushed the bottom of my cock. She licked. Not long, just a quick flick. She shuddered and let out a little whimper. That slut hidden in every girl, that wanton desire that could take them all over, swelled in her. She licked again. Her warm tongue dragged up my cock, polishing my pole.

It was incredible to feel. Right here, in the middle of the hallway, she licked my dirty dick clean. Her glasses shifted on her nose as she licked. Seeing her face framed by the modest headscarf only made this hotter. My dick throbbed and ached at the tip. She bathed my shaft with her warm saliva.

Like this, Corey? she asked in that soft voice.

Yeah, just like that, I said. Don't be afraid to nibble with your lips. Even suck a bit, but don't swallow the tip. Not until you've licked everywhere. Then I'll finish in your mouth.

You mean... you're going to ejaculate?

Zahia, I'm going to pump that cute mouth of yours full of my cum. You're going to swallow every drop and love it. 

Yes, Corey, she moaned, her voice throatier, her excitement mounting.

Her tongue licked and lapped up and down my cock. She dragged her tongue up it. Her wet warmth bathed me. She cleansed me. I loved it. She shifted her grip to lick around the root. She moaned as she did, savoring the flavor of my cock.

She was gorgeous, maybe sixteen. Zahia blossomed into that slut before my eyes. It was amazing to witness. She flowed with my lust, letting me guide her. Now a torrent of passion welled through her. I stared into the depths of her dark eyes as she ran that wet tongue up and down my cock.

You like that flavor, don't you? I asked. Another woman's ass on my cock?

I do, she moaned. She turned her head. She licked and lapped around the tip of my cock. She sealed her lips on the shaft and sucked on the edge.

I groaned as she nibbled up my cock, buffing me clean with those soft lips. She came closer and closer to the tip. My precum bubbled out. The ache in my balls swelled and swelled with everything she did to me.

She reached my tip.

She flicked her tongue across the spongy crown of my dick. She caressed the pink tip. My precum spilled over her mouth. She flicked her tongue across it. pleasure shot down my cock. She sucked on the sides, cleaning off all of the headmistress's mature and fiery ass.

Corey, she moaned. She sucked on the other side. You're dick's clean. I should suck you now? Blow you?

Just slide those lips over my cock, I groaned. Watch your teeth. Don't bite. Seal your lips and suck.

She nodded, her eyes as glassy as the surface of a dark, deep lake. She slid her lips over my cock, her glasses shifting. She engulfed my dick with hunger. Her lips slid over my cock. The pleasure surged down my dick. Wet and wonderful bliss engulfed my tip. Her tongue rubbed along the bottom of my crown. 

Her pink lips sealed around my shaft. She sucked hard. My dick throbbed in her mouth. My balls twitched, the cum wanting to spurt into her mouth. I groaned, my passion echoing down the hallway back at us.

That's it, I panted. I ran my hand across her headscarf. Just suck on my dick now. Mmm, like that.

The pressure was incredible. She nursed on it, making cute, slurping sounds. Her eyes stared up at me for approval. I grinned down at her as she learned her new skill. She was a natural at it. My balls tightened in her hungry mouth.

You're doing great, I said.

She sucked harder. Pleasure shot down my shaft to my balls. 

Now you want to bob your head, I panted. You want to slide your lips up and down my shaft.

She moved her head, her soft, wet lips caressing down my cock. Her tongue rubbed warm along the bottom of my shaft. I reached the back of her throat and she moved back. Her headscarf rustled as she sucked, her blushing cheeks hollowing.

Yeah, I panted, the pleasure surging through me. And don't be shy with your tongue. Move it. Dance it around my cock.

Zahia whimpered and sucked. She danced her tongue around my dick. She caressed me as she bobbed and sucked. She was a fast learner. My dick throbbed and swelled, coming closer and closer to erupting into her hungry mouth. 

I would dump so much cum into her mouth. I would flood her. Soak her in my cum. She would gulp it all down. It would be incredible. My chest rose and fell as she loved me. Her tongue danced around the crown of my dick. The pleasure ran through my body. 

My balls tensed. Her head bobbed faster and faster. She sucked hard with her naughty mouth. Her tongue danced around my cock. The pleasure surged through my body. I groaned, loving every moment of her hungry mouth working on my dick.

That's it, I said. Now your hands. One should stroke the base of the cock. The other should play with my balls. Lightly. You want to massage the cum out of them. You want to swallow my jizz.

She moaned around my cock, sucking hard. She slurped on me, teasing me. Her mouth bobbed faster and faster as her hand snagged my cock. She fisted the base of my dick, adding a small delight. Then she cupped my balls. She massaged me. Her fingers were gentle.

I groaned.

She teased me with those soft digits. My nuts tightened as jolts of delight fired up to the tip of my cock. She brought me closer and closer to exploding. I would spurt all my jizz. Just flood her mouth with every drop of my cum. 

Damn, I groaned, the pressure rising. Get ready. I'm almost there.

She moaned around my cock. Her tongue danced, her fingers massaged, and she sucked. Hard. The sensations shot down to the bottom of my cock. I groaned and then I erupted. My head threw back as my cum fired into her mouth.

Every blast of jizz sent that wonderful ecstasy slamming into my mind. I gripped the top of her head as I pumped her full of my cum. I fired every last drop of jizz into her mouth, filling her up with my passion. My chest rose and fell. My heart thundered as the pleasure jolted through me.

Damn! I groaned.

She swallowed. I heard her throat working as I fired my cum into her hot mouth. Zahia's fingers massaged my nuts. They spilled the last of my cum into her mouth. The pleasure descended to that buzzing bliss. She kept nursing, hungry for more.

That's what I needed, I groaned, my heart pounding. That was amazing, Zahia. You gave a great blowjob.

Her lips slid off and she had this pleased and yet embarrassed smile on her lips. I really did that.

Yes, you did, I said, nodding my head. Mmm, you're definitely in the running.

For? she asked.

You know what, I said. The one I'm going to pick. Damn, that was good. Shame I have to go to class, but I'll give you more lessons. I held out my hand. She took it and I helped her stand. She had a bit of cum on her mouth, so I kissed her forehead. Mmm, you're going to learn more amazing things.

I... I look forward to it, Corey, she whispered.

My class is right there, so you report back to the headmistress and tell her everything you did for me. Let her know you followed her orders.

Yes, Corey, she breathed, her voice full of the awakened, liquid passion. 

She scurried down the hall, her black-clad legs flashing beneath her red-and-green tartan skirt. It fell over her cute rump. I smiled. Zahia, Havva, and Sister Nova. I had one more genie to find. I think I'd seen her. Another Arab girl who must be the Si'lat. The flirty and vivacious and whorish one.

I spun around and wrenched open the door to the classroom. Sister Francis glanced at me. I smiled at her, giving her a bold nod. So I can sit anywhere?

She glared at me. What did the headmistress say?

I told her about Bettie's problem and she understood, I said, heading to the desk. I don't think it's appropriate to share the details before the others.

Bettie fixed me with her hazel eyes. She had a fertile smile on her regal lips. The submissive rich girl squirmed in her seat, clearly impressed by me. I winked at her and took a free seat beside the athletic girl with the glossy flow of black hair. She glanced at me, an amused smile on her lips. As she looked ahead, she moved with that liquid grace of an athlete, someone who knew her body fully.

I admired her toned legs beneath her desk. What would those feel like wrapped around my body?

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Tania Buckley

Tania!

My new friend Regina darted up to me, her blonde pigtails dancing around her shoulders. She was a sophomore like me, fifteen and in her second year. I grinned and gave her a friendly hug. She felt a little stiff in my arms, her fair cheeks blushing with her embarrassment. Her airy perfume filled my nose.

I see you found the cafeteria, I said as I broke the embrace and hooked her arm.

She breathed in and said, I just followed the scents wafting on the breeze.

It did smell good. Maybe a private school had better quality food then the public high school I had been attending with my sister and our Master, Corey. Regina was so adorable. Her virginal innocence made my pussy wet, my thighs getting soaked with my excitement.

 Like a good sex slave, I wasn't wearing panties beneath my skirt.

We got in line to get our food, a bustle of girls around us all in the same skirts and blouses and bow ties. Despite the uniforms, there was a great deal of originality in sockssome girls had knee-high ones like me, others ankle socks with lace, or they wore black or white tightsand the shoes were a range of black flats from saddle buckles to polished dress shoes to cute Mary Janes like mine. Hair was the other great divide. Some girls had theirs shoulder lengthen, others long. Braids and ponytails, curly or flat. Some had bangs, others had barrettes to hold back their hair. One girl even had a headscarf on, a Muslim girl with glasses and this dazed look on her face.

There were so many cuties. As we moved through the line, I saw them everywhere. This athletic girl flowed by, her hair black and regal. A girl with dark-brown hair and a winsome smile swept past, another with sandy-blonde hair gathered in a braid, or the Asian girl with the blue-black hair falling sleek down her back. 

So many cuties. 

I chatted with Regina as we made our way to the food. I wanted to seduce her so badly. She would be my first gift to my Master. The first of the schoolgirls I would bring to his bed. I wanted him to fuck as many as he could in his search for the four genies.

It made me so wet. I was such a wicked girl.

Aleah had texted me about her romp with Corey and this new submissive girl Bettie. She sounded delicious. A virgin slut. Well, in the pussy. She was a pro at taking cocks in her mouth and asshole, but she was Catholic, so she'd saved her cherry for the right guy.

I hoped Master put his collar around her neck like he'd done with Aleah and me.

And maybe Regina.

Where should we sit? Regina asked once we had our food. It was an Asian theme with soba noodles in a rich broth and pork cutlets on a bed of brown rice. It was definitely a step up in the food department. 

There's my Master, I said and led her to Corey. He had his food. He sat between Aleah and this Arabic girl I didn't know. She had the same innocence about her as Regina. The girl with the burnished-brown hair sitting across from Corey must be this Bettie. I have to sit with him.

Oh, sure, said Regina. She trembled. He won't mind if I'm there.

A cutie like you, I said. Of course not.

We rushed over and I sat down beside the girl I thought was Bettie. It put me across from the Arab girl. She had a delicate, dusky face and her braid of plaited, black hair draped over her right shoulder, falling down her crisp, white blouse. Her round eyes flicked to me.

Master, I said. Having fun at school?

Oh, I'm keeping myself amused, he said. He was such a handsome, young man. Seventeen and confident. His red hair was cut short and combed, his chin chiseled. His brown eyes flicked to Regina. You making friends?

We're going to study math after school, I said. Is that okay, Master?

That sounds perfect, he said. 

So the second one's arrived, the girl beside me said. She had a rich, fertile timber to her voice. There was something imperial in her gaze. The way she looked at me was almost dismissive like I was a servant or something. The other sex slave.

Regina choked on her food.

Mmm, and you're the potential third, I said. Bettie, right?

We'll see, she said. Corey's certainly interested, but I might want more than to wear a choker.

You should be honored to wear it.

Aleah smiled across from me. My sister had her auburn hair gathered in identical pigtails to mine, tied with tartan ribbons. She had a more modest bosom than me, her breasts hardly making an impression on her blouse. Mine were obvious, nice and round.

This is Havva, added Corey, nodding to the Arab girl. She's also interested.

Havva blushed and pushed around the soba noodles with her chopsticks.

I bet you'll be amazing, I told her and winked.

Regina squirmed beside me. She then started eating her food, her shoulders hunched. Her embarrassment was so cute. I would have so much fun studying with her. I was glad to have her at the table with me.

Can I join you? a quiet voice asked, her words like the soft babble of a brook.

Of course, Zahia, said Corey.

Another Arab girl, the one with glasses and the headscarf, took the seat on the other side of Bettie. She sank down with grace. I shuddered. Were two of the genies here at our table? The virginal Jann and the intelligent Marid? This was incredible. My Master was a stud.

I taught Zahia something new today, said Corey. She was a quick learner. Very enthusiastic.

I was, the girl said, her voice breaking. I, uh, look forward to more lessons.

Aleah beamed in delight. I looked around and smiled. This was the start of his expanded harem. The girls he was interested in. He'd have to choose between Havva, Zahia, and the remaining two genies, but he could have Bettie and Regina without any issues. They would both look hot with his collar on.

I felt mine tight about my throat beneath my blouse's collar and bow tie.

What's it like being a sex slave with your sister? Bettie asked me. She nudged my shoulder.

Regina stiffened beside me while Zahia peered around Bettie to glance at me. Havva's eyes flicked to me for a moment before she took a bite of her grilled chicken covered in the soy sauce. She was having the kosher/halal. 

Oh, it's the best thing in the world, I said, stretching my back. I mean, the things Aleah and I do for each other to please Corey are amazing.

How did this happen? Zahia asked, her voice quiet. I thought monogamy was the rule in Western countries. But you share your man with your sister?

Right, Arab guys can have what, four wives.

Havva nodded.

Muslim guys can, said Zahia. But not Christian men. Are you not Christian, Corey?

I'm agnostic, he said and shrugged. My friend Kyle pointed out Aleah to me. He thought she would be perfect. He was getting his own harem of girls at our school.

I was soooo perfect, Aleah said. I had these feelings in me awakened by what Kyle was doing. They must have always been simmering inside, then Corey came up and unleashed them. It was like... She bit her lip. I was a tea kettle full of water. The pressure had no way to get out of me. Not until Corey lit the fires beneath me. Then I steamed for him. I became his sex slave.

She made a gift out of me, I said brightly, an incestuous rush shooting through me. She told me all about her first time serving her Master. Not her boyfriend, but her Master. How she sucked his cock and then he tied her to the bed and ate her pussy before popping her cherry. I guess I was a tea kettle, too, because her words lit that fire. She saw me steaming, and knew I needed a hotter flame. She asked if I could help her out. If I could be a gift to her Master and I melted through my panties. I'd seen him at school, and I wanted to share. We'd always been close, but now we're united.

Bettie nodded her head, smiling. That's hot. Sisters. What a treat for you, Corey.

I'm a lucky guy, he said and glanced around the table. I hope to get luckier.

Havva had this shy, excited smile on her lips for a moment. Then it vanished as she snagged another piece of chicken with her chopsticks. I couldn't wait for more girls to join the harem. I wanted my Master to be happy.

That was the best part of being a submissive. In giving yourself to another and taking joy in their pleasure. No different than a mother delighting in making a sandwich for her son.

We ate lunch and talked about classes. Regina and Havva were silent while Bettie enjoyed drinking in all the attention, soaking it up like rain landing on dry soil. She kept a flirty eye on Corey, clearly wet to be his. Zahia chimed in from time to time, making a comment, and Aleah laughed a lot. I just had fun, enjoying my noodles, and the pork cutlets were just delicious with soy sauce on them. 

Best school lunch ever, I declared at the end of the meal. 

It's fine, Bettie said. She pulled out her compact and stared at her reflection. She pursed her lips.

I ignored her and glanced at my sister. Why did we ever stick in public schools for so long?

Our parents couldn't afford it, said Aleah.

Right, I said and grimaced. Money. I glanced at Bettie. She clearly came from money. A rich girl wanting to play at being a sex slave.

Corey wouldn't put up with a poser. She would be his submissive in truth or kick her bitchy ass to the curb. 

Hey, Corey, a girl with brown hair said. She looked sixteen or so. A junior. We still on with the coffee?

Corey grinned at her. Hey, Jennifer. Think I forgot about you?

She glanced around at the girls and then at Havva. Well, you are growing a little clique here.

After school, you're going to show me this coffee place. I'm expecting it to be amazing.

She blushed and nodded. I'll meet you out front then.

It's a date.

Jennifer beamed and then she darted away to a group of girls. They were all whispering and giggling. Bettie snapped her compact close and arched an eyebrow at Corey, an amused smile on her lips.

She didn't say a word though.

Have fun on your date, Master, I said. She looks yummy. Could you eat her out for me?

I'll do more than that, he said.

Regina swallowed beside me. Was that too far. I glanced at her and gave her a reassuring smile. She was blushing so prettily. Ooh, I was going to have so much fun with her at her house. Our study sessions would turn so naughty. 

I was glad she moved in next door yesterday. How lucky for us.

Havva, I want you to meet up with Aleah after school, Corey said as pushed his tray to Aleah. She put hers atop it. She'll get you ready for me once I'm done with Jennifer.

Yes, Sir, Havva whispered, her voice soft and beautiful. 

I beamed at my Master. He was having so much fun at the all-girls' school. I was so happy for him. It made me so wet. I would make sure that he had the best experience at this school. That he got the most girls and had the most amount of sex he could in his hunt for the four genies.

I would make sure he had the biggest harem of hot girls all eager to please him. A harem to rival Kyle's. And that guy had so many beauties with him when he showed up a few months back. 

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Corey Derrickson

Aleah took my tray to the collection place by the garbage cans while I nursed the last of my Pepsi. I glanced at my growing harem. Zahia showing up was promising. She wanted to win me as much as Havva. 

My dick was hard. I had my date with Jennifer, my fun with Havva planned, and I still had the number of Natiqua in my pocket, written on her panties in lipstick. Plus, Vanessa wanted math tutoring of her own.

Maybe I could arrange a double study date with Tania, Regina, and Vanessa. A nice foursome. That would be a hot way to bring the virgin blonde into the fun while having fun with flirty Vanessa and my younger sex slave.

Tania stood up with Regina. My sex slave winked a green eye at me, excitement brimming in her smile. She was eager to seduce Regina for me. The little minx would be working on the girl this afternoon.

I couldn't wait.

The bell rang, lunch over. Everyone was standing up to head to fourth period. I sauntered to the restroom to piss before heading to my next class, Philosophy with Mrs. Blackwood. As I headed through the throng of admiring girls, one turned on the bench at her table. She wore fishnet stockings. The sight arrested my gaze. She had pale skin, lips painted a glossy black, her mascara heavy. Of course, her fingernails were also black and long. She crossed her legs, wearing combat boots instead of normal shoes. They were black and polished to a gleam. I could see my reflection in them.

You're not going to get away with it, she said, her eyes narrowing at me.

With what? I asked, confused by this goth girl's hostility. I felt the deep, simmering rage from her.

Being the only boy here. She stood up. She was almost my height. This is a girl's only place. You're polluting it.

I shrugged. Someone wants me here. The rest of the girls don't seem to mind.

Her black lips curled back in a sneer. They don't know what they want. They're just bottled hormones reacting to the only outlet they think they have.

I leaned in. I won't take them all. There'll be a few for you to play with.

She hissed and then shouldered past me. I didn't flinch, forcing her to twist her body to pass. Then she stomped off, her black hair swaying down her back. She wore her skirt as short as possible, her pale legs looking delicious in the fishnet stockings.

Shame she was some sort of man-hating lesbian. I'd be more than happy to share with her if she wasn't being a bitch.

The other girls were friendly. Smiling, blushing, and giggling with each other. I loved the attention. I had that giddy glee you could only get when you were surrounded by everything you wanted and could indulge.

God, I wanted to.

Pissing was hard with my erection, but I managed. Aleah was waiting for me. We had the same class next. She took my arm and held me tight, smiling at all the girls we passed. She was having so much fun being mine.

I reached Mrs. Blackwood's class with Aleah. We sauntered in. The teacher, the African-American woman who was returning from her sabbatical, gave me an inquiring look. She was a mature woman, her bronze blouse hugging her large breasts while her skirt gave her hips a bell shape. It flared around her knees. 

The goth girl was here. She glared at me as I sauntered by with Aleah. 

She's not a fan, Aleah whispered and shivered. 

No, but the rest are.

I grinned at them as I took my seat. I was a good boy for philosophy. It actually sounded interesting. What was the morality of being the only guy at an all-girls' school where most of them wanted to fuck me? Was it right to make them into my sex slaves? I had no idea. I wouldn't care if it was wrong, but the class intrigued me.

The teacher was attractive, her wedding ring glinting on her dark hand.

Aleah and I had Chemistry next together. I was glad we had some of the same classes. The goth girl stalked off in the other direction. I hoped we only had one class together. She had a negativity about her that could kill the mood. She needed to get her cunt licked.

Maybe I should set her up with a girl to distract her.

Halfway to chemistry, Zahia appeared. She hurried over to me and pressed against me. Can I suck your cock again?

Aleah arched an eyebrow. I see your lesson made an impression.

It did, Zahia whispered. She shuddered. Please, we have a few minutes before class.

Do you want to be more than my student? I asked her. I leaned down to her ear. My tongue flicked over her earlobe. Huh?

I don't know, she whispered. I just... You have me so turned on. I want to learn about these feelings. Study them. With you.

I grinned then glanced at Aleah and said, I'll catch up.

Yes, Master, she said and broke away. Have fun with your private tutoring.

I hooked Zahia's arm, looked into her liquid eyes and asked, Are you a virgin?

To be continued...
