Three

Xander had to hoof it to the job site, nearly three miles away. That meant walking through Sunnydale during pre-dawn hours. He carefully did not look in any of the alleys he passed, he didn’t encounter any mangled vampires or other problems, and he got to work on time.

And he had a really good day.

He’d always been handy with tools. It came naturally to him, Christ knew from where, because Tony couldn’t wield a wrench to save his life, and Jessica probably didn’t know the difference between a hammer and a two-by-four. In any case, he’d been doing home repairs before he was in first grade. And he liked doing construction work, because he could stop thinking and worrying and babbling and just get into the flow, letting his body do its thing.

He’d never tackled anything as big as building a strip mall, of course, but nails were nails, he figured. The other guys were mostly willing to show him what to do, and they became more willing when they realized that he picked things up quickly and was prepared to work his butt off. A few of them even chatted with him a little over lunch, which is when he discovered that one of them, a guy named Jay Franklin, lived about three blocks from his new apartment, and Franklin offered to let Xander ride along with him to and from work.

Some of his new co-workers asked him about himself. Xander provided a few details, but of course he had to be a little evasive about certain things. Like being buddies with a Slayer and a witch, or his years spent patrolling cemeteries, or playing single parent to a brain-damaged vampire.

By the end of the day, Xander was sore and sweaty and really wiped, not to mention preoccupied with thoughts of how Spike and Anya’s day had gone. But Landeros made a point of slapping him on the back and saying, “Well done, Harris. Keep it up and the job’s definitely yours.” So Xander felt pretty damn happy as Franklin dropped him off in front of his building.

He was actually a little afraid to enter the apartment. At least the place was still standing.

But things were pretty peaceful inside. Anya was sitting on the couch, eating apple slices and watching MSNBC. Xander grunted a greeting to her and ran past to check on Spike. Spike had kicked the covers off and was curled on his side, sucking his thumb again. He had some fabric clutched in one hand. His eyes lit up when he saw Xander and he reached out and smiled. It was the first time he’d smiled since he was brained.

Xander sat beside him on the bed, and Spike squirmed close and inhaled deeply and with much satisfaction. Xander stroked the vampire’s hair.

Anya appeared in the doorway a moment later. “You didn’t get fired?”

“Not yet. How’d it go around here?”

“He cried for a while after you left. So I gave him your t-shirt from yesterday, because I thought it might soothe him. It did. I fed him twice, but mostly he slept.”

“My dirty laundry made him stop crying? Usually it has the opposite effect on people.”

She rolled her eyes. “It was your scent, dummy. Demons are big on scent.”

“Oh.” It occurred to him then that Anya might have been a particularly apt choice for a babysitter. “Well, thanks.”

“I’m going out now.”

“Yeah? Where to?”

“The Bronze, I think. I feel like dancing, maybe meeting someone.”

Xander felt a twinge of regret over his lost social life. “Have fun.”

The apartment seemed very quiet after she was gone. Xander propped Spike up on some pillows and gave him some blood. Spike’s eyes never left Xander’s face as he fed. For his part, Xander noticed that Spike’s body wasn’t quite as floppy as it had been, that the vampire was actually supporting himself upright a little. He also noticed that Spike was dirty. Spike didn’t seem to sweat, and of course he was missing most other human bodily functions as well. But still, grime had settled in the creases of his skin, and the swipes of a damp towel Xander had been giving him hadn’t eliminated all the bits of dried blood. And Spike’s hair was a snarled mess that threatened to morph into dreadlocks any moment.

“Hey, I don’t feel sorry for myself. Who cares if my friends and former girlfriend get to spend their evening dancing or chasing nasties or doing other exciting, grown-up stuff? I get to bathe a vampire. Lucky me.”

He wasn’t sure what temperature of water to use. Did the cold-blooded set prefer their baths hotter or cooler than the living tended to? He decided on going slightly towards the warm side, figuring that at least he didn’t have to worry about scalding Spike. Probably.

Xander’s poor, abused back protested as he lifted Spike again. “I hope you learn to crawl soon,” he said as he carried Spike into the bathroom. “Or maybe not. I have no clue how to vamp-proof an apartment.”

Getting Spike into the tub was a lot like trying to bathe a cat. He squawked and struggled—once Xander was fairly certain he actually hissed—and by the time Spike was finally sitting in the waist-deep water, Xander was almost as wet as he was. But then Spike blinked at the water and waved his hands around a little, splashing, and finally relaxed. Xander was again reminded of a cat as he ran the soap and washcloth over Spike’s milky skin and Spike pushed up a little to meet the pressure and practically purred.

“See? I knew you’d like this. I wonder when’s the last time you took a bath? I mean, aside from the bondage deal in Giles’s tub. I don’t think most of the places you’ve stayed in have amenities like plumbing.”

As always, Spike clearly didn’t understand a word, but he seemed to like to listen to Xander babble, and when Xander held up a soap bubble and blew it towards Spike, Spike grabbed clumsily for it and actually laughed in delight when it popped. Xander couldn’t help but laugh, too.

He continued scrubbing gently until the obvious happened and he got to Spike’s groin. Xander had seen a whole lot of naked Spike recently. But he had been able to avoid touching Spike’s, uh, more intimate parts. Until now. With an aggrieved sigh, Xander very carefully ran the washcloth over Spike’s penis and scrotum. Spike looked down in some surprise as Xander did so, as if the vampire hadn’t up until that point been aware that he possessed those parts. But when he made a funny little whining noise and Xander felt the flesh beneath his hand begin to grow firmer, Xander snatched his hand away as quickly as if he’d been bitten.

“Uh, no. Not going to…. That’s so deeply disturbing in so many ways I can’t even count them.” Not the least disturbing of which was his sudden urge to keep on with the naughty touching. Spike whined again.

“Time for a shampoo! Yes, definitely time for a shampoo.”

Spike was less sanguine about that part. He refused to let Xander duck his head under—“But you don’t need to breathe, Fangless!”—so Xander ended up having to pour cupfuls of water over the indignant vampire’s head. Spike splashed around a lot, further soaking Xander, and Xander practically had to climb into the tub with him to finish the job, but at last Spike’s hair was wet enough. Spike liked the actual shampooing part much better. He seemed to enjoy the feeling of Xander’s fingers on his scalp. Xander sculpted Spike’s sudsy hair into devil horns and wished he had a camera. He laughed so hard he was snorting, and then laughed even harder when Spike giggled along with him.

Rinsing the shampoo out involved more trauma.

By the time Spike was dried and combed and tucked into bed, Xander’s dirty t-shirt in his hand and thumb once again firmly in his mouth, Xander was almost staggering from exhaustion. He stripped off his damp clothing and climbed into bed, and he was asleep almost instantly.

***

Even a strange life could become routine, it seemed.

For two weeks, Xander got up early and fed Spike and got dressed and hitched a ride with Franklin and hammered and sawed and carried things around and then got a ride home and checked in with Anya and hugged Spike and showered and fed Spike and gave Spike a bath and found ways to entertain the increasingly interactive vampire and fed him again and then collapsed into bed. Sometimes it wasn’t until his eyes had closed that he realized that he’d forgotten to eat any dinner himself.

Weekends were for chores. He did his laundry. He cleaned the apartment. He went to the grocery store for food for him, and then by Willy’s for blood for Spike. He bought Spike some sweatpants and a couple t-shirts and had a long and protracted and sweaty battle getting them on the struggling demon. Xander won the battle, but Spike sulked about it.

In short, Xander went through his life in a haze of exhaustion.

The thing was, though, he wasn’t miserable. Partly that was because he knew he was doing well at work, and it gave him a real high to have others appreciate him for a change. And partly it was because when he’d get home in the evening, Spike would obviously be delighted to see him, smiling and laughing and making strange babbling noises that were almost words. Nobody had ever been that glad to see Xander before.

Xander didn’t encounter Anya very often. She was still sleeping when he left. She’d be there when he got home, of course, but she usually left soon afterwards. She was taking business classes at night. And on weekends, she locked herself in her own room because she’d taken on some kind of work-from-home telemarketing job. She went out to the Bronze sometimes, too, but if she ever brought anyone home, Xander didn’t see him.

He was too busy to care that he wasn’t hearing much from Willow and Buffy either. Willow called a couple of times, and that was it. Apparently Buffy was busy with a new boyfriend and Willow had been spending most of her spare time practicing her magic. If Buffy had found out who attacked Spike, she hadn’t shared that information with Willow, and she didn’t pass it on to Xander either.

At the end of the second week at the new job, Landeros pulled Xander aside, shook his hand heartily, and informed him that the position and the raise and benefits were formally his. “You keep up the good work, and you’ll move up to supervisor in no time at all, Xander.” Xander smiled so widely he was a little afraid the top of his head would fall off.

The others gathered round to congratulate him and welcome him to the team. “Hey,” Franklin said, “how about if we go out and celebrate? We can catch happy hour at Dave’s, you can come hang out with me and some of my buds after.”

“Thanks,” Xander replied with real regret. “But I gotta get home.”

“Got a ball and chain waiting for you?” asked Phillips, a short guy with a shaved head.

“Nope. Still blissfully single. But I have….” Shit. How to explain what he had? “There’s this old, um, friend. He got hurt really, really badly, and I take care of him. My roommate’s on duty while I’m here, but the rest of the time, he’s all mine.”

“Man, you must be pretty good friends,” said Phillips.

Xander winced a little. “Um…not really. I mean, we weren’t. But he didn’t have anyone else.”

The other guys shook their heads, probably trying to decide whether he was crazy or just a great big dupe.

Franklin did insist on stopping at Rocky’s BBQ on the way home, and buying Xander a half rack of baby back ribs with all the fixings. He offered to buy dinner for Spike, too, but Xander explained that his friend was on a liquid diet. The food smelled wonderful as it warmed Xander’s lap through the paper bag.

Anya was waiting anxiously for him when he got home. “Spike’s been restless and a little cranky all day and you’re late and I have a date!” she said, all in one breath, before she started for the door.

“Hey! Wait! Can’t you just deal with him a few more minutes while I eat?”

She crossed her arms. “Our agreement was that I watch him while you’re at work. You’re not at work anymore.”

“But—”

“I have a date, Xander. He’s a very handsome law student and his hands are almost as big as yours, which probably means his penis is large, too.”

Xander blushed a little. “Fine. Go. Have enough sex for the both of us, because Zeus knows I’m never getting any again.”

She sort of snorted at him, and then she left.

Xander put the food down on the coffee table and almost tiptoed into his bedroom. Spike’s eyes were red and watery-looking, and he’d somehow managed to pull his t-shirt most of the way off, so that it was bunched around his neck like a scarf. But he’d obviously heard Xander’s voice and been waiting for him, because Spike was sitting up in bed, holding his arms out and speaking his almost-words.

Xander sighed and sank to the mattress beside him. Spike immediately plastered himself to Xander. “Hey, Fangless, had a hard day? I’m sorry. It’s gotta suck, being cooped up in here all the time. But I have good news. I’m official now with F&J, which means I can continue to keep you in the style to which you’ve become accustomed. The Xan-Man is now officially a company man.”

Spike pulled his head away from Xander’s neck and looked at him with a little frown.

“What’s the matter, Spike?”

Spike licked his lips and then, in a hoarse, tiny version of his usual baritone, said, “Xan?”