You're not surprised when Tyra pushes off of Tim and runs toward the lake -- and Lyla-- leaving a trail of clothes behind. She shrieks when she hits the water but it doesn't slow her down. Soon, all you can see is their heads bobbing in the distance. They're swimming, close, closer; they're close enough to kiss now. You'll have to thank Lyla for taking the initiative, you'd been plotting how to get everyone naked since you handed over the bottle of rum.

"What do you want to do?"

Tim's standing, pulling his shirt over his head and toeing off his shoes, attention focused on the girls. "I want to get in the water and get my hands on Tyra. Maybe see if she'll kiss Lyla. Get my hands on her too, if she'll let me, and you don't care." He looks contemplative as he scratches a mosquito bite on his arm. "Get off."

"Again?"

He's naked now. You don't have to look to know how perfect his body is, you see it nearly every day: in the locker room, in his bedroom, in yours. "Always."

And he's gone, sprinting across the beach, out into the water until it's deep enough to swim. He ducks under and disappears. You know better than to worry, he may have been drinking but he's not anywhere near drunk and Tim swims like a fish. One short scream pierces the air and then another and the girls' heads disappear under the water.

That's Timmy, always knows how to get his hands on a girl, especially when they're naked. This won't be the Bacchanalian orgy of your dreams -- no amount of drinking could induce Lyla to fuck any guy but you, especially without a condom -- but it's not bad for a bunch of teenagers.

The water is cooler than the air and you bite back a gasp, but as soon as in you're in up to your shoulders you've adjusted. Tim's carousing around splashing, dunking, and teasing the girls, they're giggling and shrieking and yeah, this is probably going to be fucked up tomorrow and probably worse the day after that, but that's not stopping you.

Nothing could.

You dive under and swim up behind Tyra, grab her by the ankle and pull her under. She lands two good kicks, one to your hip and the other to your sternum but you don't let go. Instead, you wrap your arms around her waist and roll, she grabs hold of you and hangs on tight. When you finally surface she's wrapped around you -- arms and legs -- and you've got both your hands on her ass. She's breathing heavy, chest heaving and this is it. This is when you make your move. You move in, pausing just a second - the timing has to be perfect. Small hands caress your shoulder and bam!

You're under water.

You come up spitting, sputtering and ready to cuss. You wipe the water out of your eyes and turn toward where the girls are and gasp at the sight. It's better than anything you've ever imagined.

Lyla's cupping Tyra's face and licking at her lips, coaxing them open, diving inside. Tyra's gasping into her mouth and from the whimpers Lyla's making between kisses you wish you could see below the surface of the water. You're sure she's twisting a nipple and teasing her clit to make Lyla sound like that.

Tim's behind you, arms around your waist, chin resting on your shoulder. "Jesus." He sounds awestruck. You know it's effecting him as much as it is you, because he's rubbing his dick along the crack of your ass, slow and sweet, down under your balls. A barely there tease, while you're treading water, holding both of you up.

Lyla's only an arm length away, you wrap one hand around her arm and pull them toward the shore, if this is going to work you're all going to have to be standing, not swimming. She doesn't complain, doesn't slow her kisses, both her hands are under water and if you ever get a chance to do this again (please god, please), you're going to make damn sure you're on dry land and there's some light so you can see.

Tim glides around you, runs a hand down Lyla's arm and leans in to join the kiss. She twists so Tim can touch but not kiss. Tyra leans back so Lyla can lick down her throat and turns to Tim for a kiss.

You know the rules now, how it's going to work, who's allowed to touch where. Oh yeah, you can work with this. So can Tim. He's pulling away from Tyra and whispering in Lyla's ear. "That's it girl, she's close I can tell. Show me Lyla. Show me how you can bring her off. Show me how to do it right."

Lyla's expression closes in. Her eyes are squeezed tight, forehead resting on Tyra's shoulder and her arm's moving slow and steady in the water, leaving tiny ripples in its wake. Tyra's gasping for breath, making hitching little moans, clutching desperately at Tim's shoulder for support.

"Lyla!" Short, breathy, almost a whisper and they're kissing again. Lyla's hands come up out of the water and Tim grabs both of them and sucks on her fingers one by one.

"Sweet. Always taste so sweet. Can I fuck you baby?" The words are garbled around Lyla's finger, he kisses the tip of one and sucks another one all the way down. Tyra's nodding into Lyla's kiss and Tim pulls them to him. "Angle's bad." He grunts around Lyla's fingers. The girls are kissing hot and heavy and you figure that's your cue, time to get in the game.

You move in behind Tim, tug him closer to the shore, you're only about chest deep now, and that's exactly where you want to be. He's shifting Tyra around, trying to get a better angle but it's not working the way he wants it to. He's not complaining though, especially after you lick the back of his neck and bite across his shoulders, keeping one hand on his hip, the other reaching around to feel where he's joined with Tyra. "Jay?"

He sounds a little lost and a lot desperate so you reach around further, see what's going on. "Tyra, put your legs down. Stand up." She does so, reluctantly and you reach down and join your fingers with Lyla's circling her clit. She spreads her legs a little further and Tim hisses, "yeah, baby, that's it."

You stand back a little and watch as your best friend fucks his girl while your girlfriend helps. It's a damn good thing you already got off or you'd be coming just from this. Lyla's got one hand under the water and is sucking Tyra's nipples one at a time, pausing every once in a while to kiss her when you finally move in behind her. You reach down to rub her clit – but Tyra's already there so you push a finger inside her instead. She's ready to fuck, hot and molten even in the water and you don't ask, just press into her until you bottom out and stay there, not moving at all.

You can feel where Tyra's rubbing Lyla with her thumb, feel Lyla squeezing around your dick tighter and tighter, she's clenching and coming and that's when you start to thrust. You can't go fast, the water won't let you, but it only takes a second and one look at Tim to meet his rhythm. The girls are kissing and gasping, and Lyla keens when she clenches around you again. It's unexpected and takes you right over the edge.

You're a little disappointed. You wanted to last longer, draw it out, as it's likely the only chance you're ever going to get to do this. Then Tyra pulls off of Tim. "Help me hold her up." She says and Tim, ever obedient puts an arm beneath Lyla and brings her up out of the water. Tyra wraps Lyla's legs over her shoulder, and rubs her face in Lyla's sweet little pussy, and sucks her clit.

Maybe it isn't over. Not yet. Your dick twitches back to life. You can't believe Tyra's eating your come out of your girlfriend and Lyla's floating on her back, letting Tim hold her up and play with her breasts. He leans across her and presses his lips to yours. "Jay." He breathes against your mouth. "Want you."

You move behind him, take his dick in hand and thrust between his legs, sliding over his entrance, down behind his balls. Lyla's making helpless little moans, Tim's grunting with every stroke of your hand, Tyra spreads her legs when you reach between them, soft and hot in the cool water of the lake.

It can't last much longer, you're riding the edge and soon the sun will come up and you know Lyla's going to freak. But right now, right this minute – your eyes are clear, your heart is full, and you feel like you could never lose.