                                        Infidelity
                                      By Lust 4 Life

A married man and a married woman, each missing sexual satisfaction in their marriages 
meet to find the satisfaction they are missing. MF preg.

Intro

Dave was frustrated. When he first met his future wife, their sex life had been great: wild, 
frequent, uninhibited. And it had continued after their marriage. But sometime after their 
first child, it had gone downhill. Sex had become an infrequent affair, and when they did 
make love, it was a quick, unexciting coupling of two bodies: a bit of thrusting in the 
dark and a transfer of genetic material from one body to the other. He had tried,  and 
tried to liven things up, but to no avail. Finally, in desperation, he decided to seek 
satisfaction elsewhere.

As a college girl, Natalie had been wild. However, eventually her biological clock began 
ringing and she chose the stability of marriage to a hard working, up & coming 
professional. After their first child, she realized something was missing. Their sex life 
was dull and infrequent. Her husband was too busy with work to notice her, and when 
they did have sex, as with Dave, it was a quick transfer of genetic material, which seemed 
to satisfy him but left her unsatisfied and frustrated. She had had two brief affairs, but 
they had ended when her young studs wanted more than just sex. She too decided it was 
time to find satisfaction outside of her marriage.

They met through an on-line swingers web site. Their courtship was brief: they each 
established that they were married, committed to marriage, but looking for sexual 
satisfaction. They exchanged pictures and established the basic biological interest. And 
decided to meet at a hotel  no preliminary get to know each other social meeting. This 
was a purely physical relationship, male and female coming together to mate.

They were both eagerly looking forward to their meeting, the joining of bodies. They had 
arranged to meet during the day at a hotel. The night before and that morning, Dave was 
distracted, thinking what it would be like to once again be with a passionate, eager 
woman, to feel his prick embedded in a new pussy after all of these years. Natalie was 
also distracted anticipating a new lover, the feel of a strange new cock sliding into her 
body. But she was also debating what approach to take with birth control. She wanted 
another child, and given her current sex life with her husband, the chances were not good. 
But should she give this strange man she was going to meet an opportunity to impregnate 
her, or should she make him use a condom? In her previous affairs she had usually made 
her lovers wear a condom, but she much preferred the feeling of flesh on flesh, taking her 
lover bareback, and she loved the feeling of a man shooting his sperm in her. Unable to 
make up her mind, the night before she went to the pharmacy and bought a pack of 
condoms so she would at least have a choice.

Meeting

The big day arrived. In their respective houses, Dave and Natalie each got up, 
anticipation driving each of them as they went through their morning routines, showering, 
shaving, picking nice clothes but nothing that would arose suspicion, and then heading 
off to work. As the appointed time neared, Dave excused himself for an off-site 
meeting and drove to the appointed hotel. After checking in, he called Natalie on her 
cell phone to give her the room number. This was the first time they had spoken or heard 
each others voices but each could hear the excitement in the others voice. Natalie felt 
her pussy twinge when she heard Daves deep, sexy voice and she thought how soon she 
would be meeting this strange man for the first time, playing with his reproductive 
organs, exciting him with her body, and then fucking him. She had still not made up her 
mind whether to let him have her unprotected or not. It was near her fertile time of the 
month, she wanted a baby, and taking a strange man between her legs would be 
extremely exciting, but she was married. It was one thing to have an affair, quite another 
to have another mans child. Meanwhile, Dave too felt his prick jump in anticipation as 
he heard Natalies voice for the first time, and as he told her what room number he was 
in, so she could come up and fuck him. While waiting for her, he turned down the covers 
on the bed. He debated stripping off his clothes and meeting her naked, but decided 
against it.

Meanwhile Natalie had arrived, parked, and taken the elevator to his floor. She stopped at 
his door, thinking, This is it. I am about to meet this total stranger for the first time, and 
we are going to fuck. She felt her pussy twinge again and get a bit damp in anticipation. 
She lifted her hand and knocked lightly on the door. This is it! thought Dave as he 
heard the knock and moved eagerly to the door. He opened it and they both stood for a 
moment, looking at each other in person for the first time, at the person they were soon 
going to mate with. Dave was a rugged, handsome man, well build, about 6 tall, dark 
wavy hair (and as Natalie knew from the pictures, well muscled, a little bit of hair in the 
center of his chest but not too much), a broad chest, long fingers, and sparkling blue eyes. 
As she looked him up and down, she could see a slight bulge in his pants. Natalie stood 
about 55, had shoulder length brown hair, brown eyes, a good figure, not a girls stick 
figure, but a womans rounded figure with full breasts and wide flared hips for child 
bearing, but still retaining an hour glass figure.

After a moment, Dave stepped back saying, Come on in. Natalie stepped across the 
threshold, letting the door close behind her, and melted into his arms. There was no doubt 
what they were here for, there would be no preliminaries, no chit-chat. They were here to 
savor each others bodies, to extract as much pleasure from each other as they could, to 
turn each other on, drive themselves wild, and have the best sex either had had in a long 
time. Their lips locked, their tongues began to eagerly explore each others mouths as 
their bodies pressed together, and their hands started to roam. Natalie pressed her breasts 
against Dave, sending waves of pleasure through her body as she felt them mashed 
against his chest. They ground their crotches against each other, circling their hips in 
unison, in anticipation of a more intimate melding to come and each grabbed the others 
ass to pull them closer together in their lewd embrace.

They each felt a tingling in their body as the excitement started to build, as their bodies 
started releasing hormones into their systems in response to the stimulation, hormones 
signaling their bodies to start preparing to mate. Daves hands now wandered freely over 
Natalies body and soon found her lush, full breasts, squeezing them, sending more 
waves of pleasure washing through her body as she in turn ran her hand down over the 
growing bulge in his pants, making him throb and grow still larger. Oh, Ive been 
looking forward to this all week Natalie husked. Your picture and words turned me on 
so much. I masturbated every day thinking of you, of that magnificent cock of yours!

Appetizer

Now, reluctantly, they broke apart and started to quickly remove their clothes. Soon they 
were both naked. Dave admired her full breasts, her smooth, soft skin, her neatly trimmed 
patch of dark pubic hair and felt his cock jump at the sight of this hot woman. Natalie 
was admiring Daves hard muscular body, the defined muscles in his arms and legs, his 
strong chest, and the semi-erect penis rising from his dark pubic patch, the penis that 
would soon be thrusting inside her, and his balls hanging in their sack full of his seed 
(Would she take his seed in her pussy? Should she take it raw?). They moved quickly to 
the bed where they fell together in another embrace, this time bare flesh on bare flesh. 
They kissed passionately, tongues swirling as their hands ran over each others bodies. 
Natalie groaned as she felt Daves strong hands massaging her breasts, then lightly 
running over her back, teasing her, sliding down her legs, tracing lines close to her pussy, 
but not quite, just tantalizing her, then bypassing and moving around squeezing her ass, 
starting to slide down the crack before again tracing past her pussy, teasing her. 
Meanwhile, her hands were running over his back, his chest, squeezing his nipples, then 
down. She felt his wiry pubic hair and then his cock. Wrapping her hand around it she 
squeezed, eliciting a groan from Dave. Now he finally ran his finger along her slit, 
spreading her lips, and then plunged into her now wet hole. Her body jumped in delight. 
She continued, letting her hand move down, cupping his balls, eliciting groans of 
pleasure from Dave. You like that? You like my hands on your balls? she asked. Oh 
yes. Oh that feels so good.

Daves strong, authoritative touch was driving Natalie wild and the feel of his hard body 
under her hands was sending further signals to her body. They were here to mate and 
their bodies were responding to the stimulation, getting ready. By now, Natalies pussy 
was soaked, her juices glistening on her inner thighs, her labia were puffed and swollen, 
open in invitation, ready to accept a hard cock. Her nipples were hard and sticking out, 
her breasts flushed. Daves body was responding as well. By now his cock was rigid, 
straining out from his body. His balls were drawn up, and releasing their sperm in 
preparation for mating, while his prostate was creating his load of seminal fluid to carry 
his sperm into his mates body.

By unspoken mutual consent, they separated and started nibbling their way down each 
others body, stopping at breasts before continuing on down. Finally they ended up faces 
buried in each others crotches, in a 69 with Dave on his back and Natalie on top. The 
aroma of Natalies sopping pussy rose in Daves nostrils, sending powerful signals 
throughout his body that here was a receptive female, ready to mate with him. He 
enjoyed the tangy taste as he slipped his tongue into her wet hole and the way she 
squirmed as he licked at her erect clit. His face was soon smeared with her juices. 
Meanwhile he was loving the sensations in his crotch from her ministrations at the other 
end. His body was now worked to a reproductive frenzy, ready to sink his shaft into a 
warm pussy and deposit his seed. Meanwhile, Natalie was squirming in delight under 
Daves expert tongue. And at her end, the sight and feel (in her mouth and hands) of 
Daves hard, straining cock and large sperm laden balls was having a strong stimulating 
effect on Natalie. Soon this cock is going to be stretching my pussy, banging against my 
cervix, fucking me. Soon it is going to be pulsing and throbbing inside me, pumping 
sperm from these balls into my womb, trying to impregnate me. And she realized she 
had made up her mind  the excitement of going bareback, playing sperm roulette with 
this strange man was irresistible. The realization that she had made up her mind, that she 
was going to take this man bareback, take his sperm in her unprotected womb sent a thrill 
through her body, making her pussy gush in excitement. She eagerly sucked on his cock, 
bobbing her head up and down, swirling her tongue around the shaft while her fingers ran 
over his sack, caressing his balls and making him moan into her pussy. His masculine 
scent and slightly salty taste filled her senses, and then she tasted a few drops of his pre-
cum leaking out. Her body was on fire. She knew she had brought this man to the peak, 
he was quivering in anticipation, ready to fuck her and fill her with his seed. And her 
body was ready to receive his offering, fully aroused, lubricated, and open, ready for a 
man to mount her.

I cant take any more. I want to cum inside you, not in your mouth Dave moaned. The 
words almost made Natalie come right then. She lifted her head off his cock and gave it a 
last squeeze, forcing a bead of pre-cum to ooze out. Reaching down, she used a finger to 
smear it around the head, thinking, This is his cum that he is going to shoot in me. In 
fact, as soon as he slides in, he will be leaking live sperm inside me. Now she lifted off of 
him, and without letting him up, turned around, straddling him. This is it she thought, 
last chance to make him put a condom on. Otherwise he is going to shoot his seed in my 
bare pussy. Looking down at him her face spread in a wicked smile, I want you to fuck 
me. I want to feel you cock in me fucking and shooting your cum in me.

The Final Act

Now at last, she brought their eager genitals into contact, rubbing her pussy along his 
rigid cock as his hands reached up and massaged her breasts. The feel of his hard shaft 
sliding along her pussy slit felt great, stimulating both of them while her pussy juices 
flowed down, lubricating his cock for easy entry. Now she rose up and placed the 
straining head between her lips, at the entrance to her hole, and lowered herself, sliding 
down, feeling his cock sliding up inside her until it was in all the way and she was resting 
on his body. She ground her hips against her lover, enjoying the feel of his hard shaft 
fully embedded in her pussy, knowing that even now it was leaking sperm at the entrance 
to her womb. Dave loved the tight feel of her pussy squeezing his cock, the feel of her 
breasts in his hands, the knowledge that he was embedded in this hot woman, ready to 
spew his seed.

Now she began to ride him, rising up and down, feeling the head of his penis stretching 
her passage on each inward stroke, angling her pussy to get the most friction on her 
clitoris. Soon she was bouncing up and down, gasping as the waves of pleasure grew 
larger. Everything else faded from her mind but the pleasure between her legs and the 
glow suffusing her body as she approached orgasm. Dave watched in awe as she rode his 
cock, stimulating his cock with her pussy, stimulating his eyes with the sight of her body 
rising and falling, head thrown back in ecstasy, moaning, and knowing that he was doing 
this to her. Natalie kept going until her orgasm hit her and she bucked and drove herself 
down hard on Dave as she came. Finally her orgasm passed, leaving a pleasant tingling 
feeling throughout her body, and a need for still more. Looking down at him she smiled, 
Now I want you on top.

With that they rolled over, still joined, penis in vagina, until Dave lay on top of Natalie, 
their pubic hair tangled together, his balls hanging against her ass. They looked into each 
others eyes and both knew that now it was going to be full out, raw fucking, no holding 
back, until he erupted in her, planting his seed. Looking down between them, Dave 
withdrew a bit so they could both see his shaft, glistening with her juices, disappearing 
into her pussy. Yes, give it to me. Fuck me hard! Fill me up stud she whispered to him. 
She reached around and massaged his balls, Empty your balls in my pussy.

Dave began thrusting, withdrawing, then plunging back in, fucking. Natalie spread her 
legs wide, pulled back to give him maximum penetration. The needs of their bodies drove 
the lovers on to ever more frantic coupling, each seeking to maximize their pleasure and 
coax the sperm from Daves balls into Natalies fertile, waiting womb. Dave drove his 
cock into Natalies cunt, massaging her inner walls, stretching her delightfully with each 
thrust, driving her toward another orgasm. Her pussy massaged and milked his cock, 
urging him on, urging him to cum, to spurt out his life giving fluid at entrance to her 
womb. Cock in cunt, the ancient act of procreation, their bodies controlled by their 
hormones and the need to reproduce, they continued to drive at each other, moaning in 
pleasure.

Dave loved the feel of her soft pussy massaging his cock, the feel of his balls slapping on 
her ass with each stroke, the sound of her moans as he fucked into her, knowing that soon 
he would be shooting his seed deep inside her. He could feel his body preparing for 
ejaculation, the sperm starting to gather as his cock got harder. Natalie was in ecstasy 
feeling her cunt stretch around Daves rampaging cock as it drove into her, the head 
bumping her cervix, his balls against her ass, his grunting as he fucked into her. She 
knew he was getting ready to shoot his cum at the entrance of her womb, she knew she 
was fertile and completely unprotected, open and ready to receive his sperm. The waves 
were washing over her as her orgasm built, causing her to thrust her hips up at her lover. 
Oh yes! Yes! Faster! Fuck me! Give it to me! More! Oh I love that cock! she moaned. 
Stimulated by her words, Dave moaned back, Oh yes! Your pussy is so good! You make 
me so hard! Oh I want to cum in you, shoot my load in you! Natalie reached between 
her legs to massage his balls, stimulating him further. She loved the moans of pleasure 
she was eliciting from him and the fact that she was stimulating his testicles, urging them 
to pump his life giving seed into her.

As his cock continued to pound into her, they could both sense that the end was near. 
Natalie could feel his urgency, his cock growing super-hard, filling her so that no semen 
could leak out. She knew he was in his final strokes before ejaculation, that she couldnt 
stop him now even she wanted to. His body had taken over and was going to finish the 
job it was intended to do, was going to deposit his seed at the entrance to her unprotected 
womb. She knew he was probably already leaking a steady stream of cum from the tip of 
his penis. And her body went wild in anticipation, jerking on his shaft, her pussy 
clenching, massaging it, urging him on. She abandoned herself completely to the act of 
pro-creation, to the goal of getting her mate to empty his load as deep inside her as 
possible. Dave could feel his orgasm building, knew that he was just moments from 
cuming in this hot, mature woman, filling her with his seed. As she started going wild on 
his cock he knew he had just a few more strokes left.

Suddenly Natalie felt his cock throb heavily inside her and she knew he had just shot his 
first stream of cum on her cervix. Then she felt him jam his body against hers, holding 
himself deeply inside her, the head of his penis at the entrance to her womb, and she felt 
his penis pulsing as he gasped, Ah, Im cuming! She knew he was spurting jet after jet 
of his hot semen inside her, coating her insides, and soon she felt a liquid warmth 
spreading inside her.

Dave had continued fucking, trying to hold out as long as possible as he felt his prick 
plunging repeatedly into Natalies tight channel, into her hot silky grip. He could feel the 
sperm building at the base of his prick, the swelling as he tensed getting ready to shoot, 
and then suddenly he felt the wonderful zip of his cum hurtling through his cock and 
blasting into this eagerly waiting woman. With a cry he jammed his hips against hers and 
felt his penis throbbing, filling and shooting jet after jet of his vital essence. The lovers 
ground against each other as his penis delivered his sperm deep in her body, each lost in 
the bliss of orgasm.

Finally the sensations slowed. They remained locked together, enjoying a few residual 
pulses as Daves penis tried to deposit a few last drops of cum in Natalies receptive 
pussy. Ah that felt so good. I thought Id never stop cuming! I feel completely drained 
sighed Dave. I know. I felt you pumping all of your sperm in me. I can feel it all gooey 
inside me Natalie responded. Finally Dave leaned back, pulling his now deflated cock 
from her. They looked down. It was shriveled and coated with a mixture of their cum.

Dressing, they quickly hurried on their way, but for the rest of the day, Natalie could feel 
Daves deposit squishing inside her, some of it leaking out onto her thighs, but she knew 
that most of it was swimming inside her, looking for an egg to fertilize.

