Harry licked his lips again. His conscience was warring with his libido. Something was clearly wrong with Snape, something more than a couple of swigs of liquor - regardless of the alcohol content. The good little witch that sat on his right shoulder - who looked suspiciously like Hermione Granger - was telling Harry that taking advantage of Snape in this condition was just wrong. The evil little wizard that sat on his left shoulder - who, unsurprisingly, bore a remarkable resemblance to Draco Malfoy - was whispering that not taking advantage of Snape in this condition was not only wrong (the man was clearly gagging for it) but stupid. How long have you been waiting for this opportunity?

Harry looked at Snape's long, lean form. Thin and wiry. Decent arse. Lovely,lovely cock and a splendid pair of balls. But, the man was still wet and shivering. Harry cursed the good little witch.

"I couldn't find any towels, or any spare clothes. So, we're just going to have to make do." With that, Harry peeled off his woolen shirt and then his T-shirt, grateful that the weather in Scotland had been even colder than it was here, prompting him into winter Mugglewear. It actually wasn't all that cold here - wherever here was - given the raging storm. Tomorrow would be time enough to worry about where they were and how they would get back. Right now, there was a wet, naked and shivering Potions master standing in a drafty, nearly barren room.

Harry walked up to Snape, his T-shirt wadded up in one hand. "Let's get you dry. Maybe that will stop the shivering."

"Thank you, Master."

"Here now - cut that out! You're giving me the creeps. And turning me on," he continued under his breath. "Call me Harry. Hell, call me Potter if you want. Just stop this 'Master' shit. Although," Harry paused and gave Snape a considering look, "'Sir' doesn't sound half bad." He grinned and his green eyes flashed with amusement.

"I serve at your pleasure, Sir."

Harry rolled his eyes and adjusted himself with a wince. "You're not making this easy."

He knelt down in front of Snape and started drying his legs. It probably would have made more sense to start at the top but if he was standing, he wouldn't be looking at that mouthwatering set of cock and balls. A lovely thick cock that was sticking straight out from its nest of wiry black curls. Harry worked slowly and not very conscientiously. Snape would have the driest ankles in wherever the hell they were.

Gradually Harry remembered what he was doing. He pulled his tongue back into his mouth, wiped off the drool, and began to dry Snape's calves and thighs. Good legs, he thought. Must be from hours and hours of stalking the corridors. But walking isn't what made that muscle so over-developed. I bet he could lift weights with that thing.