DELIVERANCE

A dark and sadistic tale set in England during the Second World War

Written by Dickins 

This story is a work of erotic fiction. All names, characters, places and 
incidents are either a product of the author's imagination or are used 
here fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locals or persons, 
living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Story Codes: ped, medical, incest, bdsm and mild torture

Chapter 6, Cruel Research

Daniel and Rachel Ackerman had always been in the habit of rising early. 
As students, it had given them extra time in which to study and, at work, 
the opportunity to be first to book the laboratory. 

Now though, sharing a room together for the first time since they were 
children, they were able to turn to each other before rising, renewing 
their love. In warmth and comfort, with no need to hide their love for 
each other, brother and sister came together. 

Wordlessly, but with perfect understanding, they changed positions and 
rode each other, admiring each other's naked bodies and gauging each 
other's pleasure before adopting yet another position.  

As if having to make up for the years of missed opportunities, their 
lovemaking would last several minutes, extended by frequent stops for 
fondling, kissing and changes of position until they cried out with 
pleasure, and their bodies arched into each other's, their genitals 
clasped together.

Their passions sated, Daniel and Rachel stepped into shorts and tops to 
step outside and begin their morning ritual of running around the estate. 

Few but the local farmers saw them that early in the morning as they 
jogged along the tree lined avenues, keeping up a pace few could have 
sustained for that length of time.

Returning to their shared accommodation, they helped each other shed 
their sweaty clothes and, as their passions rose once again, stepped 
jointly under the shower.

Eighteen months apart yet so alike physically, the couple alternated in 
holding each other to the tiled walls, kissing and fondling each other's 
bodies, and sucking each other's genitals in preparation for yet another 
round of pleasure. 

Despite having climaxed earlier, their lovemaking was just as hard and 
strong, as they worked hard to bring about further mind-blowing orgasms.

******

It had taken several weeks to obtain all the equipment they wanted and 
needed. 

Then, there was all the other equipment Simon insisted upon having; the 
cameras and lighting needed to catch every detail of the cruel research, 
the tape recorder on which even the slightest groan would be heard, and 
then played back for their pleasure.

Slowly, as the weeks went by, the equipment arrived and technical 
problems were overcome. Even without the equipment, the Ackerman's were 
able to examine the children and note their observations in their 
journals. 

As such, they began discussing their approach.

"Should we limit our research to one sex?" Daniel asked his sister.

Rachel considered the point and then shook her head. "No! I believe that 
we can accurately deduce the response to pain in the different sexes 
quite quickly, and then of course our employer's will want us to 
experiment on both," she admitted.

Daniel smiled and nodded. "We agree then! That we should concentrate all 
our research on their ability to cope with genital pain?" Daniel 
murmured.

Rachel nodded, her cheeks beginning to burn, and blushed that much 
brighter when she saw Daniel was looking at her. "So it excites me.  
Doesn't it you?" she pressed.

Daniel smiled. "Yes! But we must be careful our excitement doesn't 
interfere with our research," he warned. 

"Then! We must pace ourselves," Rachel argued, with a smile.

******
	
Items of equipment arrived daily from the various suppliers and, for the 
first few weeks, Daniel and Rachel were kept busy installing each item 
and doing what tests they could to ensure each piece would stand up to 
the rigours of its intended use. 

Victoria and Simon were eager to help, but they could do very little as 
it was so technical. The Ackerman's knew how eager their employers were 
to see the equipment being used, but whilst they shared in their 
eagerness, they had to consider the importance of installing all the 
equipment correctly. 

On the third week after the Ackerman's arrival, the staff sat down to 
review the children's journals. In addition to the notes, there were now 
explicit photographs, recording their response to the punishments and 
systematic sexual and medical abuse. 

Armed with this information, Daniel and Rachel felt they were ready to 
argue their concerns with their employers.

"The problem is that these children have been brought up too softly, so 
when I attach an alligator clip to a girl's clitoris, she feints and when 
I pass electricity through wires attached to a boy's cock and balls, 
after the first shock, he screams whenever I go near the switch," Daniel 
argued.

"They're weaklings!" Rachel spat, blushing brightly as she realised how 
closely she had become to sounding like the very people trying to 
eradicate her Jewish background. 

"What we require are children who can withstand real pain. We would then 
be able to measure their responses much more effectively," she 
proclaimed.

"I see! Well, I might be able to do something about that for you, but in 
the meantime, you can improve the children's ability to take pain by 
using the special lemonade that my mother passed down to us." She 
suggested.

"Special lemonade?" Daniel murmured.

"Yes! A lemonade that contains drugs, which ensures co-operation and 
significantly increases their sensitivity to both pain and pleasure," 
Victoria explained. 

"But that will ruin our research!" Rachel complained.

"We are in this for much more than your research," Simon reminded her 
quietly. "At the moment, I have a company ready to copy the films you 
make, with a guarantee of selling at least one hundred of them at two 
guineas each," he explained.

"Wow!" Mary exclaimed.

"Are there any children who stand out?" Daniel asked.

"Yes! Samantha and Sophia the twins, and Richard would be ideal for your 
research," Mary told them. 

Daniel and Rachel looked at each other, a smile slowly creeping over 
their faces.

"Anyone else?" Rachel asked excitedly. 

"Yes! Charlotte Williams," Miss Baker suggested, opening the girl's 
journal so that they could see all the photographs of the naked girl 
standing face on, to the side and with her back to the camera.

"What makes her so special?" Victoria asked.

"She's a little tart! Always pleasuring herself," Mary interrupted.

"Her father left years ago, just turns up now and again when he needs 
money or a place to sleep. Her mother likes her gin more than the men she 
brings home to pay for it. So they aren't going to notice if her clitoris 
has been trimmed when she returns home," Miss Baker argued, her face 
flushed with the very thought of it.

"Well! There are various ways we can do that, some of which can be done 
in stages, allowing each stage of the surgery to be enjoyed by everyone 
before we undertake the next," Daniel told them, Rachel nodding and 
licking her lips.

"We saw similar experiments in Germany," Rachel said, her excitement 
communicating to those listening. "Experiments to alter the anatomy, 
specifically the genitals" she murmured, her breath loud and fast. 

Daniel moaned, his eyes glazing over with the memory. 

Those around the table licked their lips; their imagination filling in 
all the details that Daniel and Rachel seemed disinclined to talk about.

******

Finally, satisfied that all was ready, the couple put on their white 
doctor's coats and waited excitedly for their first patient. 

It wasn't very long before Miss Baker marched a nervous little girl into 
the room.

"This is Charlotte Williams," Miss Baker announced.

Looking at the photographs in her journal, Rachel noticed that not only 
had the child's hair grown since her arrival but that she had put on a 
little weight, yet she still remained very attractive.  

"How old are you, Charlotte?" Rachel asked.

"Twelve, Miss," she answered nervously.

"Did you drink all the lemonade?" Rachel asked, with a smile.

"Oh Yes! Thank you, Miss," Charlotte replied.

"Come now! We have to get you ready," Rachel told the child, smiling to 
put her at ease as she led her into the surgery leaving Daniel to thank 
Miss Baker. 

The cameras, some of them hidden, some not, came on when the lights in 
the surgery were switched on and needed no further attention. 

"Has she been prepared?" Daniel asked Miss Baker.

"Yes! I've plucked out the few pubic hairs she had grown," Miss Baker 
told him, with a broad grin.

"Good!" Daniel said, as he turned to enter the surgery.

Charlotte was half undressed when Daniel entered, and hesitated for a 
moment before continuing to undress and reveal a lovely bottom and a 
hairless pubis.

"Do you plan to use an anaesthetic?" Rachel asked.

"No! I don't see the point, not now she has had the lemonade," Daniel 
argued.

Rachel went to a cabinet and returned with the various clamps; knives and 
swabs required placed on a covered trolley, whilst Daniel helped the girl 
to mount the leather surgical chair. 

Wriggling her little bottom down the contoured seat Charlotte placed her 
knees into the hollows of the metal extensions, allowing him to draw her 
thighs wide apart and leave access to her exposed pubis.

"She is pretty, isn't she Daniel?" Rachel asked, caressing the girl's 
nipples and looking wantonly into her eyes.

"Yes! She certainly is," Daniel, replied, moving away so that the cameras 
could capture the child's loveliness.

"We have chosen well for our first patient," Rachel said, as Daniel 
pressed the outer edges of the girl's labia so they swelled outwards to 
see how mature her inner labia had become.

"What are you going to do to me?" Charlotte asked timidly.

"Something to make you feel better!" Rachel said, smiling assuredly as 
she slipped a blindfold over the child's eyes and secured her to the 
chair so she wouldn't fall out, but more importantly so that she couldn't 
interfere.

"But I feel alright now," Charlotte said, her voice little more than a 
whimper as she tested her bonds, her nervousness starting to grow as she 
realised that there was no escape.

"Well! This will make you feel even better," Daniel said, stepping aside 
so that he could tilt the chair back, then alter the angle of her thighs 
so they were not only slightly raised at her knees but, more importantly, 
angled out so that they weren't in the way.

"Please don't," Charlotte begged, intuitively knowing it was going to 
hurt. Tears started to appear from under her blindfold; tears Daniel and 
Rachel both hoped that the cameras were catching.

Sitting on a low stool between her parted thighs, Daniel started to rub 
surgical alcohol into the recently plucked pubis, smiling when she gasped 
and struggled with the sting.

"Keep still!" he ordered.

"Should we gag her?" he asked his sister.

"No! I don't see the point," she replied, with a shrug. "The surgery is 
soundproofed," Rachel said, as she passed her brother the first of the 
five scissor-like clamps from the trolley.

Daniel took the clamp and then secured it over one side of the labia, 
letting it's weight drag her puffy lip back before doing the same to her 
other side. Charlotte panted with nervousness, trying desperately to 
close her thighs and defend herself.

"Do you know what 'circumcision' means Charlotte?" he asked, applying 
more alcohol to the uncovered area of her vulva, using the next two, 
smaller, clamps, to hold back her Labia Minora. 

Charlotte shook her head, her blindfold stopping her from seeing the 
little scissors that Rachel held ready to pass to her brother. Fright 
compressed her breasts, but the sudden patting of Daniel's finger on her 
clitoris hood made her breath explode. Intense and hot sensations raced 
through her belly, where a moment before it had been cold with fear.

"Is it rising?" Rachel asked, leaning forward for a closer look.

Daniel tapped the hood a second time and nodded, his critical eyes 
noticing the new glow to her flesh and the swelling that accompanied it. 
Daniel took the scissors from Rachel and inhaled, excited by the girl's 
crying and her attempts to struggle free.

"Be ready with swab and clamp," he murmured, ignoring the hot bar of iron 
between his legs as he concentrated on the thick hood of flesh that, even 
in her arousal, obscured all but the gleaming match-head of her clitoris.

Rachel nodded and felt her own cunt bloom. The scissors hovered as Daniel 
elected to draw the thick hood forward, drawing it out until it was taut, 
until Charlotte had made to lift her pelvis within her restraints and sob 
with the pressure he had created. 

At that point, he placed the scissors at the apex of the hood and smartly 
cut through the hole. Charlotte's screams filled the small room and her 
lurch backwards almost moved the heavy chair she was fastened to. 

Blood quickly flowed away to show Daniel how much he had cut, and he slid 
the scissors down, electing to cut deeper along the hood.

Then, with the hood cut open, he cut along the base; travelling round the 
clitoris to remove each flap of skin at the point they opened to become 
her Labia Minora.

He reached up and his sister replaced the scissors with a swab. He swept 
blood away, the newly applied alcohol bringing a fresh ear-piercing 
scream from the sobbing young girl.

Daniel ignored her and reached up for the last clamp, one that would fit 
loosely over her clitoris, but enough to compress the cut flesh and 
reduce the bleeding until it could naturally clot. With that in place he 
sighed and looked up. 

Charlotte's tear stained face met his as she shook her head from side to 
side, trying to rid herself of the blindfold so she could look down and 
see what he had done. Rachel helped Charlotte to get down from the chair 
but the girl feinted and had to be carried through to the infirmary.

******

Samantha and Sophia walked hand in hand along the short path to the 
infirmary where Rachel was waiting at the door.

"I hope you're not too frightened," she said, noticing how nervous they 
looked.

"A little bit, Miss," Sophia, admitted. 

She often spoke for the two of them, as Samantha would often be seen 
whispering in her sister's ear.

"Well! You'll soon get over that," Rachel said as she escorted them 
through to the surgery where Daniel was waiting.

"These pretty little girls are Samantha and Sophia, and they are the 
identical twins that we have heard so much about," Rachel announced, 
pushing them both forward so her brother could see them better.

"Hello!" Daniel said.

They looked so sweet as they nervously looked round the surgery at all 
the strange equipment and furniture and the tools and devices that were 
openly displayed in the glass cabinets.

"How old are you?" Daniel asked.

"Eleven, Sir" Sophia replied, the only distinguishing feature between 
them being the brightly coloured clips they wore to hold their unruly 
hair back.
 
"Have you had your lemonade?" Rachel asked them.

"Oh yes! Thank you, Miss," they chorused.

"Well! What do you think of my office?" Daniel asked.

"It's a bit strange," Sophia told him.

"Yes it is, isn't it, but it's ideal for playing games," Daniel replied.

"Games!" Samantha exclaimed, more with surprise than anything else.

"I am told that you are always getting into trouble, is that true?" 
Rachel asked.

"Yes! Miss Baker punishes us both at the same time because she says she 
finds it difficult to be sure which one of us has been naughty," Sophia 
replied.

"I see! When were last punished?" Daniel asked, not at all surprised that 
Miss Baker would think of such a wonderful excuse.

"Last night, Sir," Sophia replied.

"Why did she punish you?" Daniel asked.

"She told us, that Miss Reed suspected that one of us, she didn't know 
which, was masturbating, when we were supposed to be gardening," Sophia 
replied.  

"I see! How did she punish you?" Rachel asked, excitedly.

"Miss, it was awful! Miss Baker made us masturbate each other, whilst she 
whipped our bottoms and thighs," Sophia said, the signs of tears 
beginning to show on her pretty little face.

"Undress! Daniel ordered.

"You're not going to hurt us, are you?" Sophia asked, as they started to 
remove their clothes, the signs of their recent punishment clearly 
visible on their lovely bottoms and thighs. Finally they were naked and 
vulnerable, and unaware of the nature of the cruel research they were 
about to undergo.

"Stop asking so many questions and do as you are told!" Rachel said, 
curtly.

"Oh Please! Not so soon after our last punishment," Sophia pleaded her 
whimpering starting to make Samantha cry also.

Daniel moved a strange looking object into the centre of the surgery and 
Sophia and Samantha were lifted into the funny seats facing each other, 
the material much like a hammock only supporting their thighs, bottoms 
and backs.

The material held them as well as supported them, so they sat in the 
strange fabric, with their thighs parted by it, and their arms held out 
by their sides, swaying slightly and looking nervously at each other for 
support.

Daniel fetched a covered trolley from the corner of the surgery and 
placed it next to the twins. It was a strange shape and had several wires 
protruding from under the cover.

"Now! There's nothing to worry about," Rachel told a very nervous 
Samantha, as she knelt beside her and inserted a cold glass object into 
her cunt where it nestled between her labia and acted like a wedge.

It quickly warmed up and the flat metal on each side of the wedge went 
unobserved by the child but for the slender wires that led to the object 
on the trolley.

"The cold will soon disappear," Daniel told Sophia as he inserted an 
identical glass object into her little cunt. A quick check that the wires 
wouldn't become loose with all the struggling, and he stepped back to let 
Rachel take over.

Daniel knew that girls tended to trust Rachel more than him, which of 
course was a mistake, as she had a passion for little girls, and was 
often much more sadistic to them than he was. 

He flicked the switch and the machine hummed, dead meters coming to life 
to show a steady main input and zero output.

"Six volts, half an amp," Daniel murmured.

"Now!" she told him, the girl's attention fully on her. A switch was 
flicked and the twins struggled in unison as the current passed into 
their little cunnies. 

Their expressions were a picture as they both experienced the shock at 
the same time.

"Feel it tingle?" Rachel asked.

The girls nodded and stared at her.

Samantha squirmed, a first outward sign of her arousal and one that 
Daniel quickly noted. 

Sophia was next, and seeing her sister doing it, allowed herself to do it 
also, her breath quickening as she released her normal reserve.

"Going to nine and three," Daniel murmured. The dials turned and the 
girls cried out again, their bodies jerking uncontrollably and their 
breaths panting.

"How lovely," Rachel murmured, the glass instruments letting her see just 
how flushed and open the girl's cunnies had become.  

The girls continued to jerk, held by the current continuing to flow 
through them. When it was turned off, they lay panting and gasping, their 
eyes mirroring their surprise and awe.

"Didn't hurt, did it?" Rachel asked.
"No, Miss" They chorused.

"Up three, plus two," he murmured to himself, working the dials and 
taking notes. 

Daniel looked towards Rachel and then pressed the switch. With little 
squeals, the twins jerked their bottoms up into the air and held them 
there, shaking like leaves as the torrent of sensations flooded their 
innocent little cunts. When the power was turned off, they collapsed into 
their seats, panting, both with flesh flushes of excitement.

"We'll need photographic evidence," Daniel said.

Rachel nodded and eagerly leant over Samantha to withdraw the glass 
instrument from her. Daniel did the same with Sophia and both adults then 
looked pleasurably upon the moist and swollen cunts of the two little 
girls.

Lifting the girls up under their bottoms, they held them up so the 
cameras could fully record how excited the twins had become by this part 
of their research.

"See how dilated their vagina's have become?" Daniel murmured, his 
fingers on the edge, framing it for the cameras.

"Yes! You can see their hymens," Rachel marvelled.

"Look how their clitorises have become swollen," Daniel said. Their long 
hoods had swollen outward and still their clitorises protruded, bright 
and swollen with flooded blood.

"We'll have to devise a means of measuring them at their peek," Rachel 
breathed.

"We need a less visible means of keeping them from jerking upwards as 
well," he murmured.

"Perhaps! A hook fastened to the chair and slid into their anuses?" 
Rachel wondered, still gazing adorably at the little pink cunts in front 
of her, marvelling at how wet they had become.

"We will find a way," he reasoned while the girls slowly recovered and 
looked towards the adults, their young eyes begging for more naughty 
games to play.

"You liked that, didn't you?" Rachel asked them, reaching out to draw 
Samantha to her to cuddle the girl and stroke her marvellously smooth 
skin.

"Yes! It was a nice feeling, Miss," Samantha agreed timidly.

"Do you want to play another game?" Daniel asked.

Samantha glanced at her sister and Sophia looked towards the glass object 
that had given her so much pleasure. "Alright," she said, a finger 
innocently going down to hook into the apex of her cunt and gently pull 
at it. 

Daniel and Rachel looked at each other excitedly and then placed the 
glass objects back into their aroused little cunts.

"Now listen! This game will last for ten minutes. The winner will be the 
one who keeps the glass object in the longest," Daniel told them. 

The twins giggled and grinned towards one another, both eager to beat 
each other at this naughty game. Daniel handed his sister a clipboard so 
she could note Samantha's responses to their cruel research whilst he 
noted Sophia's.

"Are you ready?" Daniel asked. 

The girls nodded and he flicked the switch. 

Sophia gripped the glass toy and squealed, her eyes and mouth held wide 
as the current rushed through her. Seconds passed before she started to 
jerk and pant for breath, her body continuing to shake with all the 
pleasurable sensations deep in her cunt.

Samantha stared at her sister's reaction and looked down at her own toy, 
a glimmer of nervousness in her eyes.

"You don't want to lose, do you?" Rachel urged. 

Like her sister, the electricity rushing through her cunt was making her 
jerk and squeal until she pushed the toy out, dragging in breath and 
staring dazedly at her sister.

"Did you orgasm?" Sophia asked, a word she had picked up since coming to 
the Priory and was starting to use more and more.

"Who's winning?" Samantha asked, as she blushed and shook her head.

"I don't know," Daniel told them.

"We'll compare notes when the ten minutes are up," Rachel told them.

The glass toy replaced, Samantha jerked and stiffened as the torrent of 
sensations raced through her cunt, driving her harshly towards an orgasm.

Sophia whimpered as she watched Samantha racing away with the prize. 

Daniel and Rachel watched spellbound as the twins gritted their teeth and 
stared at each other, their bodies shaking with the electricity rushing 
through their tender little cunts, their cries now becoming shrill 
screams as their toes curled and powerful orgasms threatened to engulf 
them.  

Then they were there, Sophia first, screaming as the massive orgasm tore 
through her. Then Samantha, her scream ending abruptly to begin a new 
one, long and drawn out as she fell backwards, by chance her thighs 
remaining open so that the camera could capture the lovely spurt of juice 
that then flowed down to gleam around her bottom.

"Good girls! You did well," Rachel told them both, joining Daniel in 
giving them both a big hug and then making sure that the cameras had 
captured every moment of the twins ordeal.

******

The Ackerman's were busy reviewing their research when a feint knock 
interrupted them, and a young boy popped his head around the surgery 
door.

"Come in!" Rachel told him.

"Please, Miss! I've been sent by Miss Park," he explained.

"What's your name?" Daniel asked.

"Richard Carter, Sir" he replied nervously.

Opening the boy's journal, Daniel read the notes and looked with some 
excitement at his photographs, whilst Rachel smiled and helped to put the 
boy at ease.

"How old are you?" Rachel asked.

"Thirteen, Miss" Richard replied.

"So! Why has Miss Park sent you?" Daniel asked.

"Please, Miss! She told me to give you this," Richard said, passing a 
sealed note to Rachel.

Rachel read the note and then passed it to her brother with a smile.

"Richard! Miss Park says in her note that when you masturbate you find it 
difficult to ejaculate even though your balls are full to bursting, is 
that correct?" Daniel asked.

"Yes, Sir," Richard replied, his head lowered in embarrassment.

"Well my boy! That's nothing to be embarrassed about, but it is going to 
require some drastic treatment," Daniel said, as he looked at his sister 
who was trying her best to comfort the nervous boy.

"Please, Sir! What are you going to do?" Richard asked nervously.
  
"Never you mind! Just you do as you are told, do you understand?" Daniel 
snapped.

"Yes, Sir" Richard replied. 

"Right! Let's get a better look at you," Rachel said, pulling the boy out 
of the way so that Daniel could drag a wooden horse complete with saddle 
and stirrups and a covered trolley out into the middle of the surgery. 

Rachel smiled as she pulled the nervous boy's shorts and pants down so 
that she could see the problem. Within seconds his handsome cock had 
become erect from her rough handling and she was indeed able to see that 
his balls were painful swollen.

"Do you know what this is?" Daniel asked the boy.

"Yes, Sir! It's a masturbation saddle," Richard answered.

"Have you ridden one before, Richard?" Rachel asked. 

"Yes, Miss," Richard, replied.

"Mount!" Rachel ordered.

Richard mounted the horse and placed his feet firmly in the stirrups 
before settling down into the saddle. The wide girth ensured that his 
thighs were widely parted so that his anus was accessible between his 
bottom cheeks.

"Now! Lift your bottom up," Daniel ordered, placing a metal anal plug 
with a wire attached to it up against his anus and pushing it firmly 
until it came into contact with the boy's sensitive prostate gland.

"What's that for?" Richard asked nervously, the cold metal having the 
effect of making him want to expel it urgently.

"Never you mind!" Daniel told him sharply, connecting the wire to the 
machine on the trolley.

"Now Richard! Place your cock through the hole in the saddle," Rachel 
told him.
 
"Good! Now masturbate," Daniel ordered. 

Richard's face was a picture of youthful excitement as he masturbated his 
cock back and forth through the hole in the saddle. 

"You have a handsome cock," Rachel whispered, trying to feed on his pride 
to help increase his pleasure.

Licking his lips, he began to ride now, doing his best to ignore the 
rough leather of the saddle that was rubbing painfully against his 
bottom. 

"Don't slow down," Daniel ordered, turning the dial to send pulses of 
electricity into his prostate, causing him to jerk uncontrollably.

Rachel spanked his lovely bottom with one hand and squeezed his balls 
with the other, and it wasn't very long before the pain of the cruel 
treatment had the desired effect.

Eyes and mouth wide, Richard shook as he ejaculated, the pain helping to 
stimulate his balls to empty. His seed raced upwards, burning him like 
never before as he jerked uncontrollably astride the horse.

Daniel helped the boy dismount and Rachel helped him clean up before they 
sent him back to Miss Park content that they had indeed cured him, for 
the time being at least. 

Like in all their research, the cameras captured the boy's treatment and 
notes were entered into his journal for future use.  

******

Charlotte timidly knocked on the door of the surgery and stepped in, her 
heart quickening when Mr Ackerman pointed to the leather chair.

"Up you get!" Daniel told her, waiting until she was in the correct 
position before tilting it back and then pulling his stool between her 
widely parted thighs to examine her recent surgery.

"How long has it been since your last visit, two weeks?" Rachel asked.

"Yes Miss," Charlotte replied, her breath starting to catch as she felt 
her clitoris grow under the rough inspection.
 
It was like that now, swelling and growing at the least provocation, the 
highly sensitive length of flesh making it difficult for her to do 
anything but touch herself until the waves of pleasure had come, enough 
to numb it and then send it shrinking again, until next time.

It was embarrassing, having to do it wherever it occurred, no matter 
where or with whom she was with. Much to her dreadful embarrassment, 
friends would call to each other, urging them to come watch the show, and 
all she could do was turn her head away, trying to ignore them while 
concentrating on satisfying the little knob of flesh that now ruled her 
life.

Daniel had the perfect view of it swelling. Without a hood to hide or 
protect it, her clitoris quickly swelled and stiffened, the soft and 
tender flesh darkening with the blood that entered it. 

"Masturbate!" Daniel ordered her.

Charlotte was already panting in her arousal and quickly licked two 
fingers wet before sending them directly to her unprotected clitoris.

Daniel and Rachel watched, amazed, as Charlotte rapidly rubbed her two 
fingers back and forth over her unprotected clitoris. In moments her 
thighs were rising as the tension of her orgasm came upon her, stiffening 
her in its hold as it raced upwards to claim her.

Then, as suddenly as it had arrived, it had gone and Charlotte was 
licking her fingers and looking up at them expectantly, her thighs open 
so they could admire how her clitoris had seemingly dissolved and shrunk.

"So, what do you think?" Daniel asked his sister.

Rachel leant over the girl to run her fingers over the child's outer 
labia. She prodded the flesh, and then gripped the apex between her 
finger and thumb, gauging the limits of the thick lips.

"Should be easy enough," she commented.

"Would you like to do it?" he asked.

Rachel gasped and looked at her brother excitedly.

"Oh, yes please!" she gasped. 

They lay the girl down, lifting her with a pad beneath her bottom, then 
fastened and restrained her before wiping her pubis and vulva with an 
alcohol swab.

Charlotte's little whimpering grew louder as she watched knives of 
various sizes and surgical compresses being taken from cabinets and 
placed ready on a tray.

"You won't feel a thing Charlotte," Rachel told her, preparing a local 
anaesthetic in two syringes, one for each puffy lipped labia.

"But it will hurt, I know it will," Charlotte complained, her body 
struggling as she tested her bonds.

"It will! If you don't co-operate," Daniel told her, coming across with 
the tray and tightening the straps that crossed her waist and held her 
thighs and ankles secure. 

He wasn't too worried about her struggling, in fact, that would look more 
exciting to those watching the film. Just as long as her little cunt was 
held steady so the cutting away of her labia majora would be clean and 
straightforward.

"Right!" Rachel sucked in a deep and steadying breath, then took up the 
first syringe and plunged it into one side of the child's cunt.

Charlotte gasped, her eyes widening as she felt the sharp pain of the 
needle being inserted into her sensitive labia. Then with a rush of hot 
liquid fanning through her, it made her want to open her thighs even 
wider.

"Look! Her clitoris is growing again," Rachel giggled, flushed with her 
own excitement.

"Don't worry! Prepare the other side," Daniel instructed, peering over 
her for a better look at the swelling morsel of flesh.

Rachel plunged the other needle into Charlotte's vulva and emptied the 
contents of the local anaesthetic, smiling as she saw the girl's clitoris 
stop growing and reverse as the anaesthetic left her numb.

"Looks good!" Daniel complemented her. "Is she ready?" he asked.

Rachel took hold of the girl's clitoris and pinched hard, but she 
continued to pant as if nothing had happened, her whole crotch now numb 
to her.

"Good! Now proceed," Daniel told her, passing the smallest of the knives.

Seeing the knife, Charlotte stiffened in anticipation of the pain, but 
felt nothing as Rachel used the sharp blade to cut around the flesh she 
intended to exorcise, leaving just the inner side uncut.

Bright blood sprung up around the fine cut that outlined the area to be 
removed. She did the same to the other side, drawing flesh from the 
girl's inner labia to ensure a close division between the two, then held 
her hand out for a pad.

"That looks good!" Daniel murmured, eyeing the cut critically while 
ignoring the wails and loud screams from their patient. "We now want to 
draw the skin away so we can use it to cover the wound after the labia's 
removal," he reminded her.

Rachel nodded and took a fresh knife for the paring process, cutting 
under the flesh as she drew it away until the sobbing, wailing girl's 
labia was just red meat to either side of her slit, and two wings of 
flesh hung from her, ready to be sewn back afterwards. 

With some more cotton wool, she cleaned away the blood and stood to one 
side so the camera would have a perfect view of the raw vulva, ready for 
dissecting.

"Get to know it by feel, so that you can judge what to part," Daniel 
suggested as Charlotte gave up her struggling to just lie back and cry. 

Seated between her thighs, Rachel paid attention to her brother and slid 
her fingers over the curved meat of the child's vulva, feeling it's 
contours and judging, by pulling on it, where to cut.

"Ready," she told him, a hand held out for a fresh knife.

"Smoothly," Daniel urged.

Charlotte, seeing the passing of the knife, wailed anew, once more trying 
in vein to escape. Scream followed scream as she continued to fight for 
breath, her upper body thrashing inside the limits of her bonds while her 
cunt remained perfectly presented.

Rachel pulled the girl's resilient flesh, holding it tightly, and then 
cutting beneath. Charlotte shrieked, feeling no pain, but just the sudden 
release of tension that told her something had been cut away. 

Pulling continuously, Rachel cut lower and lower, finally cutting the 
tail of her left sex lip to pass it to the plate her brother held out to 
her.

"Very nice," he breathed, watching her wipe away the free flowing blood 
to reveal flat meat beneath it. She laid the flap of skin upon it, and 
then reached for the remaining labia, pulling on it as she had the last.

Exhausted, Charlotte lay, bound on her back, sobbing and crying as the 
feeling of detachment came over her again. Rachel leaned away to let the 
camera record the knife sliding smoothly between labia and crotch, 
removing the flesh to leave flat meat behind.  

With the second piece of labia joining the first on the plate, Rachel 
carefully arranged the flap of skin over Charlotte's raw wounds and 
pulled it flat before sewing it in place. 

When she stepped away, the camera recorded the girl's new cunt; the shaft 
of her clitoris protruding from a flat base of pale skin while, directly 
behind it, slim inner labia, coral pink, were now totally nude, no longer 
half hidden by their thicker, prouder outer lips that were now gone.

"That's going to look so good, once the stitches are removed," Daniel 
breathed, complementing his sister.

"Please," Rachel panted, her hands covered in blood. "Take me, now, like 
this!" she panted.

With a feral grin Daniel jumped upon his sister, carrying her to the 
floor as he ripped her doctor's coat open and mauled her in front of the 
wide-eyed child.

Crying out, she spread her thighs and thrust her crotch up at him, 
welcoming his rough caresses as she lifted her blood sticky fingers to 
her mouth and licked them. 

In her imagination, her brother had circumcised her then ravished her 
whilst she was still bloody and raw, thrusting his hard cock into her 
time and time again.
