Part 3

Vin was dirty and tired, thinking about the ten miles they had to cover yet to get home. His day had begun with him opening his eyes to find a scorpion perched about three inches from his nose, and he had been counting the miles until he was back home ever since. He wanted to clean up, eat, and sack out for the night somewhere he wouldn’t have to share his bedroll with rocks, sand, or scorpions. He hated the damned things; it hurt like hell when they stung him and always made him feel poorly for days afterwards. As far as he was concerned, the only things worse were wasps and hornets. At least a scorpion couldn’t fly.

A sudden explosion of driving rain over them was shock enough to jerk Vin out of his thoughts. He cringed away from the unexpected shower of cold water, some of which had managed to go down the back of his neck, and he thought some very uncomplimentary things about Mother Nature. It had been dark and cloudy all morning, hot and muggy as the sky kept making vague rumblings threatening a real springtime gully-washer, but Vin still hadn’t expected the sky to cut loose with such ferocity.

After a few minutes of squirming in his saddle because the rain dribbling down his back was so cold after the heat of the morning, Vin glanced at Chris. Chris glanced over and met his gaze an instant later and then suddenly they were both laughing. They looked pitiful covered in reddish dust that had quickly gone to mud, and their horses weren’t any better off. They were more than a mile from the nearest shelter, surrounded by the rocky edge of the desert they had followed the outlaws into days before, and there was no chance they’d be getting out of the rain any time soon.

Vin was still snickering when Chris suddenly reined Pony to a halt and threw his hat back to hang from the stampede string, tipping his head back as he closed his eyes. Vin halted Peso and watched with amusement, wondering what was going through Chris’ head. Despite how easily he understood Chris most of the time, this was definitely one of those rare times he just couldn’t tell what Chris might be thinking.

Chris just sat there and let the rain wash over his face a moment before he shook the rain out of his eyes and grinned at Vin. “I dunno about you, but I could use a bath.”

Vin laughed and nodded, easily controlling Peso when the gelding began fidgeting restlessly at being stopped in the middle of a storm. “Reckon you could.”

Chris grinned a little wider. “And I still smell better ’n you do.”

Vin laughed again. “Prob’ly. You're the one used that fancy-smellin’ soap to shave this mornin’. It could likely make a skunk smell good if you slathered enough on it.”

Chris swung out of the saddle, ground tying Pony and then hanging his hat from the saddle horn. He looked over the saddle at Vin, smirking as he took off his duster. “I’ll have to remember to get you some for your birthday.”

Vin grinned, wondering how Chris planned to give him a birthday gift since he didn’t know the date he was born. He knew which year and the month, or thereabouts, but there were a lot of days to pick from in September. “I’d just as soon not smell like flowers, cowboy. Buy me a steak instead.”

“Likely do that anyway, the way you're always broke.” Chris tipped his head slightly, flipping his duster across the saddle and smirking up at Vin. “You gonna join me? We’re gonna get soaked anyway, might as well get this dust off while we’re at it.”

Vin blinked, surprised, and then he grinned. He couldn’t help liking the sound of that idea, even if it was practically begging for trouble. “Hell, why not.”

Vin slid out of the saddle and dropped one of Peso’s reins to ground tie him, getting an irritated glare from the gelding and a nip on his shoulder for his troubles. Peso wouldn’t have argued if there were greenery close by, but stopping in the edge of a rocky desert that was quickly going to mud just wasn’t something he enjoyed, not when he was on familiar ground so close to home. The black mustang was grouchy after days on the trail and nights of grazing on mesquite, sagebrush, and weeds, and Vin knew he was long past ready to get home to the grassy meadow that Peso knew was waiting on him a few miles away.

Peso swung his head to bite again, ears pinned, and Vin tried to hit his muzzle. “Quit it.”

Peso snorted and easily avoided the blow, just as Vin had known he would, and shifted away slightly before he settled down to glare. Vin snickered and shook his head as he began slowly stripping out of his clothes, starting with the fringed coat that he wore as much to protect him from Peso’s teeth as anything else. The roar of the rain masked any sound outside of the immediate area as he scanned their surroundings over Peso’s back, and Vin’s innate caution wouldn’t let him relax without at least trying to look around first.

It didn’t take long to make sure there wasn’t anything in sight bigger than a bush except a low mesa just to the northwest and the treeline where the hilly edge of the desert gave way to brushy hill country and then woodlands to the northeast. He took off his hat to pull his shirt over his head, then flipped his soaked shirt over his saddle and coat before he reached for his gunbelt to remove it as well, unbuckling the tie-down and then unfastening the belt buckle. He buckled the belt again to hang it over his saddle horn and then he turned to check out the other side of the trail, opening his mouth to speak to Chris as he moved.

Whatever he had intended to say – and after he turned around he couldn’t remember what that was to save his life – never actually made it out of his mouth.

Chris had left his hat, duster, shirt, and gunbelt on Pony’s saddle and then moved to stand on a wide flat rock a short distance from the muddy trail, and his pants and boots were already piled near his feet. He was standing almost facing the trail and seemed oblivious to his audience, his head tipped back as he ran his fingers through his hair and then just let the rain wash over him. His eyes were closed and he had a rare relaxed smile on his face that made it obvious he enjoyed the feel of the cool rain on his skin after their long hot ride.

Vin hadn’t seen anything so completely mesmerizing in a long time.

Vin stared for several minutes with one hand still on his saddle and his mouth open slightly as he found his gaze following the path the water was taking down Chris’ throat. His attention wandered lower, following the rivulets tinged rusty brown by dust as they streamed down Chris’ chest and belly to disappear into the dense thatch of hair below. He swallowed hard when he finally saw that Chris’ cock was past half-mast and rising steadily. He had seen Chris fully hard only once, but he’d been too worried he’d get caught looking then to get much more than a glimpse. It was just as nice as he remembered though, and left no doubt in Vin’s mind why the working ladies in Purgatorio and Eagle Bend were always so pleased to see Chris ride in.

“Like what you see?” Chris asked suddenly, raising his voice just enough to be heard over the rain.

Vin jerked his gaze back up to Chris’ face, wide-eyed and blushing so hotly it felt like the rain hitting him should be turning to steam on contact. He couldn’t even begin to find the words to try and talk his way out of this one. Looking a little too long in the bathhouse when there wasn’t much else to do was one thing, but being caught staring at Chris’ cock like a starving man was something else again. There just wasn’t a good reason for it that didn’t include him wishing for something he couldn’t have.

It took a while for Vin to realize that Chris didn’t look angry, instead giving him a familiar barely-there smirk. Vin was so relieved that he didn’t even try to hide it, letting out a breath he hadn’t even noticed he was holding as he relaxed slightly. If Chris wasn’t mad they could get through it. He likely wouldn’t enjoy it, and he’d make a fool of himself too like as not, but he could live with that.

Chris started towards Vin a moment later, walking slowly as he said, “I think you do. I’m also thinkin’ it’s not my imagination you always feel most like takin’ a bath whenever I’m in the bathhouse.”

Vin felt his face grow hotter again and finally looked away, his gaze finding a boulder far down their backtrail that looked kind of like a sleeping buffalo, if buffalo were ten feet tall. “I didn’t—“ he broke off, not willing to lie and not sure what to say if he didn’t, and then suddenly he realized that there was no going back.

Chris had obviously caught him before and seemed not to mind that Vin liked what he saw, acted in fact like he might honestly like the idea. If Vin was ever going to have a chance, he couldn’t ask for one much better than this one. Chris was in a good mood and seemed accepting of the idea Vin wanted him, and Vin realized he’d be a damned fool to deny it. Chris hated to be lied to and that was what Vin would have to do to get out of the situation he was in without admitting he wanted Chris more than he’d ever wanted anyone or anything in his life.

Vin took a deep breath and finally made himself meet Chris’ gaze again, unsuccessfully willing the tremble he could feel in his hands to still itself. He was rock steady facing a gun, even a dozen guns, but admitting to Chris how he felt just about scared him to death and had him shaking like a leaf. “An’ if I have?”

Chris continued past Pony to stop just a few feet away from Vin before he spoke, that lingering hint of a smirk making him look a little wicked. “If you have, you might’ve noticed me takin’ my baths when I know you’re around to keep me company.”

Vin’s eyes widened even further and he stared into Chris’ familiar dark grey-green eyes, speechless. He hadn’t been able to resist the temptation of watching Chris in the bathhouse. The man didn’t have a shy bone in his body and put himself on display every time he bathed without even seeming to notice it. Vin liked to watch a lot more than he figured he should, but he had never expected to hear that Chris welcomed the attention. He’d been sure he was careful about stealing glimpses while Chris was distracted with bathing or getting dressed, but he should have known he couldn’t hide anything from Chris. Chris really could read his mind sometimes, seemed like.

Chris’ smirk finally slipped away as he took a step towards Vin, then another as he murmured, “And if you weren’t in such an all-fired rush to hide in a tub or behind a bath sheet, you might’ve noticed I’ve been lookin’ a little myself.” He lifted one hand, moving slow and deliberate as if he were trying not to scare Vin into moving away. It seemed like an eternity to Vin before Chris’ fingers rested lightly against his jaw and throat, his thumb tracing Vin’s lower lip. “I can’t say I ever wondered before I met you, but I’ve been havin’ thoughts about you that could get me shot if I didn’t think maybe you’ve been thinkin’ about those same things.”

Vin blinked away rainwater that had run down his forehead into his eyes as he leaned into Chris’ touch. He shivered slightly when Chris’ thumb ghosted across his lower lip again, but it wasn’t because of the rain. The storm was beginning to slack off and the rain didn’t really seem cold anymore, just pleasantly cool against his skin. He swallowed hard, still staring into Chris’ eyes, and admitted almost too quiet for Chris to hear, “I reckon we don’t want exactly the same thing, but maybe close enough to get by.” He felt like his skin was on fire from his hairline on down his neck to past his collarbone, he was blushing so hard, but hope made him bold. “I’ve been wantin’ somethin’ from you I kinda doubt you’ll be wantin’ me to do t’ you.”

Chris’ little smirk was back as his thumb stroked along Vin’s lip again, stepping just a bit closer as he placed his other hand on Vin’s waist. “Oh yeah?” he purred softly, leaning closer so their faces were only inches apart. “And what’d that be?”

Vin licked his lips and the tip of Chris’ thumb, tasting rain and dust and a hint of sweat, then hesitantly settled his hands on Chris’ bare hips as he whispered, “I want you to fuck me.” He caught Chris’ thumb between his lips and teeth before he could be tempted to say any more, tongue swirling around the callused skin as he sucked on it slow and steady.

~*~*~*~

It had been way too long since Chris was with anyone who really mattered, and the intensity of his feelings when he finally let himself act on them surprised him. He had almost forgotten how it felt to touch someone he cared for, someone that wasn’t just a conveniently willing body.

Simply running his thumb along Vin's lip was enough to make Chris’ pulse speed up and his breathing hitch, and the look in Vin’s eyes made him feel as if his heart might explode. He knew how tough and capable Vin was, but cradling Vin’s jaw in his palm and looking into those shining blue eyes he found himself thinking that Vin was as delicate as blown glass. He knew suddenly that he could shatter Vin if he said the wrong thing, and the knowledge scared him. The last thing he ever wanted to do was hurt Vin, so he'd have to be careful just how fast he pushed and what he said.

Chris felt Vin’s hands settle on his hips then, the touch so light and hesitant it might not have been there at all, and then Vin finally spoke again. “I want you to fuck me,” he whispered, and then he was sucking on Chris’ thumb like it was a stick of candy.

Chris felt like something in his brain shorted out as he made a low strangled noise, cock twitching against his belly. Vin’s mouth was warm and wet and that tongue swirling against his skin was talented as hell, flicking and stroking like maybe he had an extra one in there somehow. Chris had no trouble imagining that enticing mouth on his cock, and just the idea was almost enough to make him come.

Chris’ cock gave another little jerk and he shuddered slightly, barely aware he spoke as he breathed out, “Oh yeah.” He pulled his thumb free of Vin's lips and slid his hand from Vin’s jaw to curve around the back of his neck, tugging him closer, and then suddenly they were kissing with the rain still coming down steady over their bodies.

Vin’s agile tongue was just as talented at kissing, his hands roaming up Chris’ slick back to curl around his shoulders and hold on, and Chris kicked himself for waiting so long. All the reasons he had waited for Vin to feel safe enough to make the first move suddenly seemed like a complete waste of time they could have had together. Vin had been hesitant to admit how he felt, but Chris finally realized it hadn’t been because Vin wasn’t sure what he wanted. Vin hadn’t been sure what Chris wanted, probably because Chris hadn’t made any attempt to claim what he finally realized was his for the taking. Chris was seldom as patient about anything as he had been while he thought he was waiting for Vin.

Chris let out another low noise as he pulled Vin against him, hips jerking slightly when the head of his cock nudged against the slick warm skin of Vin’s belly. The sodden trousers were rough against the length of Chris’ cock, right on the edge of painful without quite going there, and the sharp contrast of smooth warm skin against the crown of his cock and wet canvas against the rest made his hips twitch again.

Vin made a hungry little noise and pressed even closer, and then Chris could feel the cloth-covered length of Vin’s cock pressed against his upper thigh. He tore his lips away from Vin’s and muttered huskily, “You gotta get rid of them britches before one of us hurts somethin’ we’d rather not.”

Vin let out a low laugh, breathing shallow and ragged. “Have to let go of me for that, but I’m sure willin’.”

Chris realized he still had one hand in Vin’s hair while the other was low at the small of Vin’s back, holding Vin against him so tight that it would have been near impossible to get a hand between them. “Might help, huh?” He loosened his grip to step back before he suddenly decided he didn’t want to let Vin go, even to strip. He grinned as he reached for Vin’s britches, murmuring, “Maybe I should just get rid of ‘em myself.”

“Might make things go faster at that,” Vin agreed with a sudden grin, blue eyes sparkling as he steadied himself on Chris’ shoulders and toed out of his worn old boots.

Chris made short work of Vin’s buttons despite the pants being waterlogged, and Vin’s cock sprang free as soon as Chris began to shove the sodden canvas down, his gaze intent and wicked. “Always did think you had the right of it, leavin’ off your drawers when it’s warm out.” His hands slid down Vin’s thighs, marveling at how pale Vin’s skin was as he crouched to push the britches down the rest of the way. He suddenly noticed that Vin’s cock was only inches from his mouth and stared at it even as he lifted one of Vin’s feet to tug off the pants and Vin’s muddy sock, then moved to the other foot.

Vin’s hands tightened on Chris’ shoulders as he let Chris strip away the last of his clothing, looking nervous. “I never expected this to really happen,” he blurted suddenly, making Chris look up at him. “Figured it was just me wanted it.”

“You figured wrong,” Chris said, staring up into Vin’s eyes a moment as he wondered if it was desire that made them seem such a vivid shade of blue or if it was the light playing tricks because of the storm. His hands slid slowly back up Vin’s legs to his hips, thumbs stroking along Vin’s sharp hipbones as he let his gaze fall to Vin’s cock again. “I reckon I figured a few things wrong too, though,” he added softly. “Never expected I’d want to try this near as much as I do.”

Instinct had always worked for everything else Chris did in bed, and he figured if he just leapt right off in the deep end with Vin he’d figure it out pretty quick. He’d had his cock sucked enough to know that even an inept attempt was pretty nice as long as no teeth were involved, so he figured he could do well enough to get by. He had the advantage of knowing what he liked himself, after all, and he knew it had been a hell of a long time since Vin got laid. He was sure that as hard and ready as Vin was, it wasn't going to take much.

Chris leaned in closer, one hand shifting to encircle Vin’s cock to gently ease back the foreskin and then hold it as he took a good look and tried to decide how to begin. After a moment he licked slowly across the head of Vin’s cock, equal parts curious about the taste and wanting to see what Vin’s reaction would be. He looked up along Vin’s body as he swirled his tongue slowly, and if his mouth hadn’t been occupied he would have smirked at the way Vin whimpered and his whole body shuddered. He did it again and Vin’s cock pulsed against his tongue, making him groan softly at the taste that flooded his mouth.

Chris had tasted himself before, usually in a lady's mouth after she did a particularly good bit of cocksucking, but it had never tasted quite like Vin did. Chris’ own juices were salty and often bitter with a metallic aftertaste that really didn’t entice much at all, though not the worst thing he had gotten a taste of during sex, for sure. He had teased a whore once for making faces at the way he tasted, and he had gotten a lecture about how what a man took in could make his seed taste downright terrible. The whore had been pointedly glaring at the cheroot and cheap whiskey that Chris had been enjoying that night, and tried telling him to lay off the beef and beans, too.

Chris had just laughed and thought she was nuts then, but now he wondered if maybe she wasn’t on to something. He figured it couldn’t be the beef and beans, mostly because that was about all he and Vin had eaten in the last week, but he did wonder if Vin was sneaking candy on the sly to be so salty-sweet. It would make a sort of twisted sense, and explain a bit about why Buck was so popular with the ladies.

Buck didn’t have just one sweet tooth; he had a whole mouth full and always had a stick of candy or a chunk of horehound tucked in a pocket somewhere.

~*~*~*~

The rain had nearly stopped, but the sky was still so dark there was no doubt there would be more on the way. The breeze kicked up by the spring storm kept the temperature cooler than it had been even at dawn that morning. It was almost too cool to be outdoors naked, but Chris and Vin were too wrapped up in each other to notice what the weather was doing, or anything else for that matter.

The horses could have high-tailed it for town and their riders probably wouldn’t have noticed, but the two black geldings still stood to either side of them, waiting for their riders to remember them. Pony didn’t really care what the men were doing, patient enough to stand where Chris had left him as long as he was asked to. His rider hadn’t ever done anything like he was doing just then, but he knew it must be important for his rider and the man with the nice hands to stop in a storm. He would wait as long as they needed him to and trusted that they would get him to shelter and food when they could. He often didn’t understand why people did the things they did, but he had learned young to trust even when it made no sense.

Unlike Pony, Peso was annoyed to be standing in the rain. He kept his ears pinned as he looked around between glances at his rider and the man they rode with, but he didn’t make any move to interrupt them or run off. He had seen his rider make similar noises with another man when they were first getting to know each other and knew his rider would have a fit if he bothered them unless they were in danger. Peso knew he would have to be the one to guard if they were to stay safe, so he kept watch on the surrounding area even though he would have much rather headed home. He could have left his rider to walk for being so stupid as to stop in the rain, but he wouldn’t. His rider had earned his loyalty, even in the rain.

The three Calhoun horses were tired enough that they were willing to stand quietly even in the rain. Peso wouldn’t let a horse he didn’t know well get too close while Vin was on his back, so Pony had been leading the liberated stock since the outlaws were killed. The sorrel was closest to Pony, tied to Pony’s rear cinch ring and standing with his head low and one front foot well ahead of the other so his weight stayed off that leg. He might have fidgeted and put up a fight about standing in a storm another time, but just then he was too tired and sore to bother. The rest was welcome, despite the rain, and he would stand while the sky fell if it meant not having to move for a while.

The bay mare wasn’t quite as patient as Pony or as tired as the sorrel. She was used to quiet, respectful people who treated her well and left her alone in a stall or a pasture when she wasn’t working, and being tied to other horses wasn’t really to her liking. She wasn’t sure she liked Chris or Vin either for that matter, and kept jerking her head when either of them made a noise, ears flicking back nervously. She wasn’t used to people acting like they were and she didn’t much like it, but she was tired enough not to try to bolt. The two men who had taken her from the ones who made her run so hard weren’t mean, but she still preferred her own man and the little one who was always so nice to her.

The paint mare was less tired than either the bay or the sorrel, and very interested in what Chris and Vin were doing. Her ears flicked each time they made a sound but she didn’t fidget or act nervous, her gaze never leaving the two men for a moment. She had been with men since she was still a nursing foal, but she had never seen any act like these two did. Still, they were good men, much better than the last one to ride her, and they treated her well enough that she was perfectly happy to stay with them. Their strange ways fascinated her so much that she was content to watch them even in the rain, her head lowered and stretched towards them curiously.

~*~*~*~

Vin could hardly believe what was happening as he bit his lower lip almost hard enough to draw blood and stared down at Chris. He was holding on to Chris’ shoulders so hard he was sure there’d be bruises later, but he knew better than to let go unless he wanted to wind up in the mud. His knees felt like they were turning to water as he watched Chris licking almost thoughtfully at the tip of his cock. Vin hadn’t ever dared to even fantasize about Chris doing such a thing, and he had no idea how he would keep from shooting all over Chris’ face if he kept it up much longer.

Chris’ grip tightened on Vin’s hip and the base of his cock after a few slow sweeps of his tongue, drawing another needy little noise from Vin. Chris looked up to meet Vin’s gaze, his eyes suddenly wicked and shining, and then Chris’ mouth was wrapped around the head of Vin’s cock and he was sucking like his life depended on it.

Vin cried out softly, unable to help it, muscles jumping as his knees buckled slightly and he tried to thrust even though Chris easily held him still. Vin gasped for breath, his gaze focused on Chris’ lips wrapped around his cock, and then Chris pulled off with a pop. Vin almost wound up in the mud despite the death grip on Chris’ shoulders as he shuddered and gasped, “Fuck.”

“That’s next,” Chris said cheerfully, that wicked glint still bright in his eyes. He licked his lips and then added with a smirk, “I want to finish this first, though.”

Vin whimpered and leaned heavily on Chris’ shoulders, praying he could stay on his feet for a little more of that exquisite torture Chris was doling out. Vin had never quite mastered the whole standing up for sex thing, too prone to losing his knees when he got wound up to even try it more than a few times, but damned if he wanted to wind up in that mud Chris was kneeling in.

Chris shifted the hand on Vin’s cock to hold his hip instead and then licked along Vin’s cock like a kid with a stick of candy, root to tip. Vin’s cock pulsed again just before Chris’ tongue reached the slit, and then Chris’ cheeks were hollowing as he took a few inches of Vin’s cock into his mouth and began to suck again with a low rumbling groan.

Vin shuddered like a leaf in a high wind, muscles jumping as his hips reflexively tried to thrust despite his intent to keep still, and another throb of his cock had a wave of tingling heat washing through him and coiling tight low in his belly. “Chris,” he gasped out softly, wanting to warn him that he was close, but he couldn’t gather enough wits or breath for another word before it was too late, his body jerking and tensing up as every muscle went rigid.

~*~*~*~

Chris choked a little when Vin’s cock throbbed and his throat filled suddenly with thick salty fluid a lot more bitter than it had been, and he had instinctively pulled away before he stopped himself with the crown of Vin’s cock barely in his mouth. Another spurt filled his mouth while he was still trying to swallow the first, and he began concentrating on just swallowing all he could, holding Vin’s hips steady as he looked upwards. He was pretty sure his attempt at cocksucking hadn’t been very good at all, but a glance upwards said he must have done better than he thought. Vin’s eyes were barely open as Vin gasped and shuddered, their color shifted to a deeper blue than Chris had ever seen them as Vin stared down at him.

Chris’ lips curved against Vin’s cock and he moved one hand to stroke the shaft slowly as he sucked gently on the crown, swallowing just a few more times as the pulses of fluid slowed and then stopped. Chris stilled his hand then but he didn’t stop licking at Vin’s cock, cleaning up a few stray droplets of seed that had escaped his mouth. The sweetness definitely wasn’t there anymore, but Chris figured it still wasn’t all that bad. He’d tasted worse, for sure, and it was worth it to put that look in Vin’s eyes. Sometimes his cooking did leave a lot to be desired, after all, and Vin’s coffee could blister paint if Chris forgot to dilute it with water before he tried to drink it.

Vin just watched Chris for a while, gasping like he had run a mile flat-out, and then he suddenly reached for Chris’ chin, tugging Chris away from his cock. Vin dropped to crouch in front of him, just staring into his eyes for a moment before he kissed Chris like he wanted to devour him.

Chris groaned as he returned the kiss with just as much hunger and need, settling back onto his haunches and pulling Vin closer. Vin’s arms slid around his neck and then Vin was in his lap, warm and willing and feeling like pure sin as his thighs wrapped around Chris’ hips. Vin trapped Chris’ cock between them and began to move against him, never breaking the kiss as he set a steady, insistent rhythm. Chris’ hips jerked and the hand that wasn’t tangled in Vin’s hair slid down to palm the small of Vin’s back again, holding him just a bit closer as Chris began to thrust.

Their bodies were slick with rain and sweat, and Chris’ cock was so firmly pressed between them that he knew it wouldn’t be long before he was coming too. He was already so close that he felt like every nerve in his body was thrumming, and then Vin made a low noise in his throat that was almost a whine as he pressed even closer, legs tightening around him. Chris thrust once more and then threw back his head with a low groan, hips jerking with each pulse of his cock as he came.