
THE AFTERMATH
(OR WHAT FOLLOWS NEXT)
Chapter 1: "Into the Pens"

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years.

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission"

Chapter 1: "Into the Pens"

As the sound of Andy's rickshaw fades into the distance, Toby's
anguished pleading to his master subsides into soft sobbing.
Unbelieving, Toby wonders why his beloved master has abandoned
him in such a cruel fashion. He is both shocked and panicked by
this sudden reversal of fortune. He is, of course, unaware that
he has been sacrificed to his master's need for the new statue.
Over the next few days, leading up to his sale, he'll become more
aware of Andy's callous betrayal and indifference to his fate. .

It's true to say that when they left the farm this morning; Andy
hadn't any notion of selling Toby; that would have been the last
thing on his mind. Andy would have thought it incomprehensible
that he would ever consider parting with Toby, his ever loyal
slave, who had served him faithfully for nearly twenty years.

In the days leading up to Toby's sale, Andy will experience some
remorse. However, he'll rationalise this with the argument that
Toby is, after all, only a slave whose purpose it is to serve his
master's best interests and these will be determined by the
master. And of course, if it wasn't for the depressed price of
slaves, he wouldn't have needed to sell Toby - would he? So
really it's not his fault.

He doesn't know it, but he will pay a high price for this
recklessness in selling his loyal and capable steward. Without
Toby's expertise and common-sense,  his own fortunes will go into
a gradual decline.

Shackled to their posts, the four slaves remain on their knees
with their heads bowed. They are unaware of long they have been
in this position, or for how much longer they'll stay chained up.
The sun beats down on their naked bodies causing them to
perspire.  Slowly, at first, the beads of sweat glisten on their
sun-darkened skins and then, gathering momentum, begin to trickle
down their bodies. With their hands fastened behind their backs,
they are unable to stop the sweat from
stinging their eyes or dripping from the ends of their noses.
Now, perspiring profusely, rivulets of sweat work their way down
over their chests and bellies to dampen and darken the hair
around their cocks and balls. Toby feels the sweat trickling down
his back and the valley between his buttocks.

Kneeling in the dust of the courtyard, Toby cries noisily and his
tears fall to the ground to mix with the sweat beneath his bowed
head. Bewildered and suffering, the other three slaves join in.
Fearing their master's anger, the steward and the yard slaves try
unsuccessfully to calm and quieten the four slaves.

Too late, Dave Matheson storms into the yard.

"WHAT"S ALL THIS NOISE ABOUT?" He shouts angrily at the
distraught slaves.  "SHUT THE FUCK UP!"

With an easy expertise born out much practise, he wields his whip
over the slaves' heads without making contact with their bodies.
His intention is to gain their attention without actually marking
their bodies. He is aware that a whip-marked slave doesn't
present well to a prospective buyer and he wants them to be in
immaculate condition for their private viewings. The crack of his
whip has the desired effect and all four slaves quieten down.

"That's better. You slaves need to stay calm. As long as you do
that, no harm will come to you."

Once again, his whip crackles into life above their heads and
gains their attention as he speaks.

"Now let me tell you what is to happen to you. Your master has
decided to sell you and he has appointed me to act as his agent.
You're scheduled to be sold at next Saturday's auction unless you
sell before then. For now, you'll be placed in a holding pen to
rest as the next two days will be very busy ones. You must accept
that your master hasn't any further use for you and that is why
he is selling you. My advice to you; forget your old lives and to
look forward to serving your new masters."

Matheson moves out of earshot of Toby and the other slaves and
summons his steward to follow.

"I want you to place these slaves in a holding pen on their own
and not mix them with the other stock. You're to make sure their
securely fastened; with ankle chains and their wrists fastened
behind their backs. I don't want them playing with their cocks
during the night. We need to keep them primed and ready for
pumping at their inspections. First feed and water them and then
gag them. We don't want them kicking up a fuss during the night
disturbing the other slaves and, of course, the gags will stop
them sucking dick. Before that, however, I want you to milk, the
oldest slave. We need to test his semen and sperm count. I'll
need the results as soon as possible so that a copy of the report
is available for the clients at his inspections."

"Very well, master". The steward replies "What about tomorrow?
What would you have us do with them?"

"Oh, I think just the usual preparation for a private inspection.
Make sure their faces are cleanly shaven and their bodies washed
and scented; I don't want any unpleasant or distracting odours as
they are being handled. And, of course, flush them out till they
run clean. Then lube them as I know my clients will want to
inspect their arses and out of respect for them, I don't want any
unwelcome leakage. Luckily, they have all been `cut' so there
won't be any skinning back required. Their cockheads will be on
full display."

"And should they be temporarily ringed, master?"

"Yes, of course! I think just a simple, brass, display ring
around the base of their genitals will be sufficient. They all
have large cocks and balls and the rings should force them all
into prominent displays. Prospective buyers always like to see a
slave's prick thrust forward and nestling on top of his balls."

"Yes master. After they are prepared, then what will I do with
them?"

"After they are ready, take the oldest slave and the younger,
blacked haired slave to separate inspection rooms and chain them
to a viewing platform. To date, I have scheduled two inspections
for the older slave; the first at 11.30 AM and the second 4.00 PM
- he'll need the time in between to recharge. The younger slave
only has one inspection at 1.00 PM. I expect him to sell
immediately and then be on his way with his new master shortly
after. While they wait to be inspected I want an overseer with
them at all times to keep them calm; I don't want any displays of
temperament. It can have a negative effect on the potential buyer
if they see the slave they're interested is acting up."

"And what about the two, blond slaves, master? What is to be done
with them?"

"Unfortunately, I have nothing scheduled for them at this stage.
I'm trying to create some interest in them as a matched pair. To
date, my efforts have been in vain. At this stage, it appears
they'll be going to auction on Saturday. However, have then ready
for a quick inspection; you just never know?"

"Yes, master."

"Good! Then, I'll leave you to attend to all this. I need to go
to the sale yards to arrange the public viewing of today's stock
and to organise this afternoon's auction. I don't expect be back
until 6.00 PM. "

With the dealer gone, the steward and his two assistants return
to where the four slaves are still kneeling. Unfastening the
chains holding them to their individual posts, the slaves are
ordered to stand, one behind the other, in a single file. The
steward points them towards a door in one of the walls and orders
them to walk towards it. Constrained by their ankle chains, the
slaves begin an awkward shuffle forward. The door opens and they
are driven through it into the shadowy interior of the slave
holding pens.

As his eyes adjust to the gloom, Toby is assailed by an all too
familiar smell. He recognises it as the same smell of the field
and heavy duty slaves' stable at his master's farm. It is the
nauseating smell of naked, unwashed bodies, fear induced sweat,
excrement, urine and vomit; only here it is infinitely worse than
at the farm. Invisible and potent, this smell permeates the whole
of the building and corrupts everything it touches. Toby breathes
it through his nostrils and he tastes it in his mouth. Its
foulness envelops his body and is absorbed into his skin; it
clings to the hair on his head and body. It is inescapable. It
has accumulated over many years and has been added to by the
numberless, wretched slaves who have passed through the pens in
transit'

It is the stink of the slave pens; the stench of slavery!

Toby looks in horror at the sight before him. Running down both
sides of the building are ten cages with barred, open fronts
opening onto the central passage-way. Each cage has a capacity to
hold ten slaves (although this number can increase with large
shipments of new stock) and is devoid of any fittings. The only
concession to the slaves' comfort is a layer of straw spread over
the floor. Running through each pen is an open drain, forty-five
centimetres wide and of a similar depth. This is where the slaves
urinate and defecate by straddling and squatting. Twice a day the
drain is automatically flushed out. For the rest of the time the
ordure in the drains adds to the overall stench of the place.

Shuffling down the passage-way, Toby sees that some of the pens
are occupied by naked men wearing the accoutrements of slavery.
Each wears a heavy metal collar around his neck as well wrist
manacles and ankle chains. These are more of the prisoners from
the two warring factions to the north and they are scheduled to
be sold with Toby and the three, young slaves at Saturday's
auction. Most are either dejected or sullen; but all are fearful
of their fate. Recently inducted into their slavery, they all
suffer from the angry, red wounds where the letter S is branded
onto their left flanks.

These new slaves are separated into two distinct ethnic groupings
and as mortal enemies they are penned separately. .

One group have dark- blond hair and are, on average, 1.85 metres
tall and weigh approximately 83 kilograms. They all have a
defined musculature with strong chests and broad shoulders. Their
long legs and muscled thighs support their firm, well-rounded
buttocks. They are considered to be ideally suited to the task of
pulling rickshaws and other similar means of transport;
consequently they attract firm bidding at auction. With the
current oversupply of slaves and the low prices, there is a
developing tread amongst the nouveau-riche and the more
flamboyant elements of society to use these slaves as
litter-bearers. Older money considers this ostentatious use of
slaves as crass and decadent.

The second grouping of slaves has black hair and swarthy
complexions. At 1.55 metres and approximately 75 kilograms, they
are shorter and lighter. However, their strong bodies and lasting
endurance, make them ideal workers with a strong capacity for
hard, physical labour. Consequently, they are enthusiastically
bought as agricultural workers or for the quarries and mines.

Out of boredom both groups crowd to the front of their pens to
watch as the new arrivals stumble their way down the passageway
to a waiting, empty pen. Here, Toby and his three fellow slaves
are roughly thrust inside and the pen door locked.

"You relieve yourselves in that drain," the steward instructs
them, pointing to the drain "and you DON'T foul the straw bedding
otherwise you'll sleeping in your own piss and shit. I know it'll
be difficult as your hands are fastened behind your backs.
Shortly, the guards will untie your wrists so that they can feed
and water you. At the same time you'll be able to empty your
bowels and bladder. I suggest you do so then, because, once
you're fed and watered, your hands will be retied behind your
backs and you'll be gagged. And there won't be another chance to
piss or crap until the morning. And one other thing - YOU DON"T
TOUCH YOUR OWN OR ANOTHER'S COCK! UNDERSTAND? The guards will be
watching you all through the night to make sure you don't. Should
you be foolish enough to try, the guards won't think twice about
using  goads on you."

The three, young slaves move to a back corner of the pen.
Dejectedly, they huddle together for mutual support and comfort.
They ignore Toby, who they still see as a figure of authority set
over them by their master. Toby for his part moves to the front
of the pen and stares out through the bars.

Looking out, he sees the occupants of the other pens listlessly
moving around or sitting, resignedly, on the straw covered floor.
Keeping watch over them are two guards.

These guards are slaves, but as a mark of their special standing,
they, like the steward, wear dirty loincloths. Their badges of
authority are the battery powered slave goads they wear strapped
around their waists and the long, vicious whips they carry.

Forbidden to use the whips for fear of damaging the new, unmarked
stock - they can be used only in the direst of circumstances -
they nevertheless take pleasure in tormenting the new slaves by
frequently and noisily cracking their whips through the air. They
laugh as the see the slaves flinch and cower into the back
corners of the pens.

Within a few days, these slaves will learn that the whip is now a
major part of their lives. All of them, without exception, will
feel the whips caressing their naked backs either urging them to
greater effort in their owners' interests or as punishments
ordered by their masters.

As Toby watches he wonders what the future holds for him. Will
his master really sell him or will he have second thoughts and
come back and remove him from of this horrible place? His mind
can't process all that is happening and he genuinely believes
that Andy will soon return to take him back to the familiar
security of the farm and his master's bedroom. These thoughts are
interrupted by the return of the steward and his two assistants.

Removed for his pen Toby is made to stand in the middle of the
passageway as the two assistants milk him. For the second time
today, an assistant holds a glass container over the head of his
cock. The new slaves move to the front of their pens to watch as
the other assistant takes Toby's prick in one hand and his balls
in another. With one hand he quickly works Toby to a full
erection and at the time he churns the balls in an effort to
produce more semen. Toby blushes at the degradation of these
actions and wills his body to resist.

Masturbation for Toby has always been a pleasurable act and has
only ever been as a result of his own right hand or that of his
master's. It has always been part of the incredible sex that he
and Andy enjoyed together. This however is different. What is
happening to him now is mechanical and devoid of any intimacy.
And he is powerless to stop it. As a slave Toby has never
questioned
his master's right to use his body in whatever manner he chooses.
That is until now. For the first time in his slavery he feels he
is being abused. Suddenly and for the first time he feels shame.

In vain, Toby fights the manipulation of his penis. He knows he
is fighting a losing battle. As his dick hardens and lengthens,
his hips begin an involuntary movement in unison with the hand
sliding up and down it. His pace quickens in response to the hand
movements and soon his thrusting becomes more urgent. His body
trembles and his legs weaken; such is the intensity of the
moment. The timing of the hand strokes speeds up and the churning
of his balls becomes more frenetic. Now, with a sudden
exclamation, he is pumping his semen into the glass container. He
continues to grunt with each ejaculation and, even as these
subside, the hand continues to squeeze his balls in an effort to
milk out every last drop of his seed.

Now spent, Toby is placed back into his pen to recover for his
special viewings  on the morrow.



To be continued.......















