Lauren's Medical Exam
by Schlank

A young woman's intimate medical exam.

My name is Lauren.

I'm twenty-two years old, and for almost half my life, I've suffered from a rare skin condition known as dermainflammatus.

This rare medical ailment results in painful red marks appearing spontaneously on my skin. These red marks throb with scalding pain and to the uninformed, they can look like the marks were caused by somebody beating me with a whip or a leather belt. The first time I visited a doctor for treatment, that's exactly what he thought happened to me. To make matters even more humiliating, these marks usually appear on my buttocks or thighs, thus making it more likely that people believe I've been spanked.

After multiple visits to the doctor, it was discovered that I have microscopic organisms living on my skin. Most of the time, they've not a serious problem, but at least once or twice a year, they go crazy and attack the skin that they live upon, and I end up with red marks or abrasions that sting and throb and make it look as if I've been the victim of a harsh spanking or whipping or something.

In the beginning, my doctors treated my flare ups with prescription strength painkillers and topical creams, however, I recently started seeing Doctor Hirsch and she said she could prevent these flare ups entirely by having me come in for monthly exams and if she encountered anything suspicious, she could use something called dormienti gel to make the microscopic organisms go dormant before they could do any noticeable harm.

My first appointment with Doctor Hirsch for one of these exams was on June the 20th at the Lago County Medical Center. I arrived there early and sat in the waiting room, eager for somebody to call my name. Dermainflammatus had caused me a great deal of pain and embarrassment over the years. It seemed almost too good to be true, that those painful flare ups on my skin would soon become a thing of the past. After an eternity of watching the clock and picking through old issues of People Magazine, an attractive nurse in medical scrubs popped her head into the waiting room and called out, "Ms. Bonner?"

I practically catapulted out of my chair and called out, "That's me!"

The nurse smiled at me and led me back to where they had me step on a scale and checked my height. "Five foot, six and one-hundred-twenty pounds," the nurse announced, and then she took my temperature; she didn't announce my body temperature, but I'm assuming it was normal.

Then I was taken to an examination room. It was your typical examination room with an exam table with the padded surface at the top, so the patients weren't too uncomfortable when they laid down on it.

I was there for a medical exam, but I couldn't help but notice that the nurse an attractive woman. She looked to be in her late twenties, she stood about 5'7", had long legs, a slender waist, flawless skin, an oval-shaped face, high cheekbones, and a friendly smile that could light up a room.

The nurse checked my blood pressure and asked me a series of medical questions. She recorded all my answers on some sort of computerized device that looked like the PADDs they used in Star Trek, and then she told me the doctor would be in shortly, and that I needed to take off all my clothes.

"What?" I blurted out, shocked at the instruction.

"Dermainflammatus is a skin condition," the nurse explained, "The doctor needs to examine your skin, from your shoulders all the way down to the soles of your feet. How do you expect her to do that if you're wearing your clothes?"

I, um," I said, suddenly feeling flustered, "I was so thrilled when I was told there was a way to control my skin condition, I guess I never stopped to think what the treatment might entail."

"Well, take a few seconds to think about it," the nurse advised, "and then get out of those clothes, so the doctor can do her job."

What the nurse said made sense, but I had issues with nudity that made it awkward for me to take my clothes off in front of...well, just about anybody. The instant I exposed my naked skin to the air, my body responded by becoming sexually aroused. My nipples hardened and my pussy would throb and become wet. It didn't matter if I was naked in the shower, naked in a fitting room or naked in a doctor's examination room, my nipples got erect and my clit got swollen. In a detailed medical examination, it was going to be impossible to hide my sexual arousal.

I averted my eyes from the nurse's gaze as I unbuttoned my blouse. I had dressed in a hurry that morning and had left the house without a bra. Maybe it was my imagination, but it seemed that I could feel the nurse's eyes burning holes through me as I draped my blouse across a chair.

My nipples began to stiffen and get hard almost immediately. My skirt was tight, and I had to struggle to get it to slither over my hips. My skirt ended up in the chair, on top of my blouse. I kicked off my shoes and slid them underneath the chair before I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my panties and pulled them down to my ankles.

When I was fully naked, I turned back to the nurse. She was writing something on her PADD-looking device. When she looked back up and made eye contact with me, she said, "The doctor should be in shortly. You can hop up on the exam table now. She'll want to get started as soon as she gets here."

The nurse was friendly and polite, but something about the way she looked at me made me think of the way a cat watches a bird as it's waiting for the right moment to pounce. I felt so exposed and submissive with the nurse watching me. There she was, nicely dressed in contrast to me. I was naked and my shaved loins were shamelessly on display. The stark contrast between my status and hers made me feel totally submissive to her, and that in turn increased my feelings of sexual arousal.

I stood facing her, with my back to the exam table, my bald pubes and my erect nipples exposed to her gaze. My nipples were pointing directly at her, and I pointedly refused to look down at my pubic lips as I was certain that they were embarrassingly visible, plump and glistening with moisture.

I raised my arms and crossed them over my breasts to conceal my erect nipples from her gaze, when the door opened, and Doctor Hirsch entered the room. She was a middle-aged woman who stood about 5'8" and wore a white lab coat over her regular clothes. I could feel authority radiating off her and felt even more exposed and submissive as I met her gaze than I did with the nurse.

"Lauren?" she asked as she stepped forward and shut the door behind her. This was my first time meeting her and I'm sure she met with a great number of patients each day. It made sense to make certain which patient she was dealing with before attempting treatment or diagnosis.

"I'm Doctor Hirsch," she said, and she held out her hand for me to shake. Of course, I had to take my hand away from my breasts and expose my nipples once again in order to grip her hand in mine.

Doctor Hirsch explained what sort of treatment she had planned. There was a medical device called a megascope that allowed her to view my skin at 400 times magnification. At magnification levels that high, she'd be able to see any microscopic organisms living on my skin and determine if they were going to engage in behavior that would be harmful. And if they were up to no good, there were ways that she could neutralize them.

"Now, get up on the examination table, and we'll get started," she said, and I climbed up onto the table while two fully dressed women watched me.

"According to your file, your flare-ups usually occur on your buttocks and the backs of your thighs," Doctor Hirsch commented. Then she added, "Flip over and we'll start your examination there."

Showing my ass was humiliating, however, I had to concede it was medically necessary for Doctor Hirsch to examine every inch of my naked skin if she was going to determine which parts of my skin (if any) were in danger of a flare up in the near future.

Doctor Hirsch held her megascope up close to my ass and examined my skin through the lens of her high tech device. She clicked it on, and it made an intense humming sound as she examined me. The way the doctor was examining my so intensely made me feel more naked than naked. And of course, the nurse was standing just a few inches from the doctor, getting a good view of my naked body as well.

"Nurse Price, there's a massing of cutis inimicus here, here and here," she said as she brushed a fingertip across my right buttock three times, marking a horizontal line each time. Then she brushed her fingertip across the back of my right thigh and said that the little, microscopic pests were massing there as well.

Then, I felt my face flush hot with feelings of humiliation as Doctor Hirsch said, "Lauren, spread your legs apart and raise your hips up off the table. I need to examine your inner thighs and your perineum."

I assumed the shaming position the doctor demanded. With my hips raised and my legs open, it meant that my anus and my bald pubes were clearly in view, indecently pink and exposed, blatantly revealing to both Doctor Hirsch and Nurse Price, the swollen and moist state of my pubic lips.

I felt the doctor's finger gently trace a line across the sensitive flesh of one of my inner thighs and then several more lines across my perineum. My breathing became labored, and I felt shamefully aroused as the doctor's fingers came within a fraction of an inch of touching my labia. I felt exposed, vulnerable and more naked than I had ever felt before in my life.

Then, just as I felt I couldn't feel any more mortified and naked, Doctor Hirsch said, "Nurse Prince, hold her buttocks apart for me. I need to examine her anus."

There was an intense flash of mortification, fear and sexual excitement that surged violently through my entire body as the doctor told her nurse that she wanted to examine my anus. Then I felt the nurse's hands grab my buttocks and pull them apart, leaving my pink, delicate anus pornographically exposed to both women standing over me.

I was shamefully exposed, and I felt powerless as the two fully dressed women examined my anal opening and made me feel more naked than I'd ever felt in my entire life. There was a frightful feeling of helplessness as the megascope hummed and the delicate, pink flesh of my anus was examined with an intensity that made me feel as if any dignity I might ever have possessed in the past was being stolen away from me forever.

I tried and failed to suppress a groan. I was naked and being examined in a way that made me feel objectified. To make matters worse, my whole body was pulsing with sexual excitement. The experience of being, naked, exposed and examined like a slave on the auction block was rousing my libido in an unprecedented manner. I had never felt feelings this intense before. My whole body was feverish with sexual heat and my heart was pounding in my chest as if it could burst through my ribcage.

"There's a dense infestation here," Doctor Hirsch said as her fingertip gently touched my exposed asshole, "This whole area."

Then she took her finger away and said, "Lauren, have you ever had a flare up there before?"

I struggled to get my vocal cords to work. My throat felt thick, and I could feel my pulse pounding in my throat. I swallowed hard and weakly replied, "No, Doctor."

"It's good that you came in today," Doctor Hirsch assured me, "That's an extremely sensitive area. A flare up there would have been very painful and unpleasant."

I whimpered and shifted my weight, pressing it into the padded surface of the exam table and using one of my arms to help cover my eyes.

Of course, the rest of my body had to be examined. My thighs, my calves, my ankles, my heels, the soles of my feet, etc. For a while, the examination became less demoralizing, and I began to feel more like a human being and less like a naked sex object.

However, at a certain point I was ordered to flip over so the doctor could examine the front of my body. My nipples were embarrassingly hard and erect, a fact that neither Doctor Hirsch nor Nurse Price could fail to notice. Mercifully, they were both too polite to comment on the blatantly roused state of my nipples.

I was filled with a sense of dread, knowing that at some point she'd have to examine the swollen pink folds between my legs. She seemed to save that part of my exam for last. The suspense was emotionally taxing and my whole body was tense with the anxiety and apprehension of knowing my inevitable, humiliating fate was coming.

"Lauren spread your legs please," Doctor Hirsch said in that polite, yet authoritative tone she had. Then she added, "Wider than that. And lift your hips up off the table."

With my legs spread pornographically wide and my shaved loins blatantly on display for Doctor Hirsch to examine, I felt an intense wave of submissiveness wash over me. Unexpectedly I felt myself entangled in the idea that I should be naked and exposed and objectified. It was like, I reached a point where instead of rebelling at the idea of being treated like a naked plaything, my mind latched onto the idea that I should be treated like a naked plaything. I can't explain why it happened, but my emotions went dramatically sideways, and without thinking, I thrust my crotch up higher as if I were offering up my vagina to her as a sacrifice.

It seemed somehow inescapable that the densest cluster of cutis inimicus would be on my pubic lips. Doctor Hirsch said it was the most impressive mob of the skin parasites she'd ever seen on any of her patients.

With my pink slit indecently exposed, the doctor looked up from her megascope, briefly made eye contact with me and explained, "When they cluster together in dense groups like this, it indicates they're getting ready to do horrendous things to your skin. If you hadn't come in and gotten examined today, you'd have had a nasty flare-up either tomorrow or the next day."

There was a humming from her megascope as she closely examined my swollen pubic lips once again and then she added, "And you'd be especially sore, as this time they're clustered on mucous membranes like your clitoris, clitoral hood and labia minora. Those areas are much more sensitive and once they begin to damage the tissues there, the pain would be much more intense and take longer to heal."

I closed my eyes, nodded my head as if in some sort of agreement with what she said and replied, "Thank you, Doctor."

Once she had mapped out the locations of all the trouble spots on my body, she opened a drawer and produced a tube of something she called dormienti gel.

"This will stop the flare ups before they start," she explained. She began to unscrew the cap, but then the door to the examination room opened and we were interrupted.

The woman who had burst in was young, my age or slightly older. She wasn't dressed like a doctor. I was guessing she was a member of the office staff. Her eyes briefly focused on me, and my feelings of helplessness and vulnerability increased a thousandfold. There I was naked with my legs spread obscenely far apart and my pink, swollen pubic lips were shamelessly on display and glistening with moisture.

My own feelings of submissiveness kept me from using my hands to cover up my nudity. I had gone too deeply into the masochistic fantasy mode, and I simply embraced my feelings of mortification and shame as if that were my due.

I wanted to be stripped of my clothes and my dignity and examined like a piece of meat. I wanted clothed women to rape me with their probing, relentless gazes. My pulse raced, my breathing quickened, and my pussy throbbed. I experienced a rollercoaster of emotions as my smooth, naked body was laid out wide open and exposed and total strangers who got to stare and examine every inch of me.

"Doctor Hirsch," the young woman exclaimed, "I have Kim Tilden on the phone. She insists on speaking with you immediately!"

"Dammit, Bernice," Doctor Hirsch exclaimed, "I'm with a patient! She's just going to have to wait!"

"I already told her that," Bernice insisted, "she says he can't wait. She says it's an emergency."

Doctor Hirsch glared and muttered something under her breath. Then she turned to the nurse and said, "Nurse Price, can you finish up here?"

The nurse nodded and assured the doctor she'd be able to finish up with me

Doctor Hirsch glared and muttered something under her breath. Then she turned to the nurse and said, "Nurse Price, can you finish up here?"

The nurse nodded and assured the doctor she'd be able to finish up with me. Then Doctor Hirsch stormed out of the room, leaving me alone with Nurse Price.

Once I was alone in the room with Nurse Price, it seemed to me that the room thrummed with sexual energy. Nurse Price seemed taller, more intimidating and more beautiful than before.

"Okay, Lauren," she said, "I'm going to start with your hindquarters, so I need you to turn over and get on your hands and knees just like before."

Maybe it was my imagination, but it seemed to me that her voice had become firmer. I turned over and assumed the shaming position with my head down, my ass up and my legs pornographically far apart. I felt deliciously submissive, exposed and objectified and felt a soft, wet throbbing in my sex as I imagined what we looked like: One fully clothed, authoritative woman standing over a naked female with her hairless anus and glistening, moist pubic lips shockingly on display. The way I envisioned it, it was a very erotic scene of dominance and submission. I was a naked plaything, leaving myself vulnerable to be abused and objectified.

I trembled slightly when Nurse Price rubbed the cold gel across my naked ass and the back of my thigh. Then she stopped and said, "Sorry. I know it's unpleasant, but it'll be over soon."

The submissive part of me didn't want this erotic moment to end, and I almost surprised myself when I heard my own small voice say, "That's okay. Take all the time you need. Rub it in thoroughly. I don't want you to miss any spots."

I don't know if the nurse realized I was deeply immersed in a submissive sexual fantasy at this point, but her ministrations slowed dramatically after that, as if she realized I wanted to savor this delicious experience and she decided that she was willing to help. I gasped when I felt the coldness of the gel against my anus, but kept my legs spread wide. I closed my eyes and drifted into a fantasy where I was a naked slave and Nurse Price was a prospective buyer who was examining me before determining if she should purchase me.

I embraced delicious feelings of helplessness as my anus was touched. The fully dressed nurse spread the moisture, working it thoroughly into the furrow between my buttocks and then she spent an inordinate amount of time rubbing it into my anus itself as I bit my lower lip and tried not to moan. The fingertips were gentle on my asshole at first, but they became bolder and more forceful as she rubbed the gel into my delicate, pink flesh and made me wish she would spear my asshole with her fingers and thrust her way deep inside of me.

I reveled in my submissive feelings as one of the most intimate and delicate parts of my anatomy were examined and touched, but then Nurse Price informed me that she wanted me to turn over so she could apply her medicinal get to my pubic lips.

Sitting on my ass, I spread my legs wide and gave the nurse an unrestricted view of my tumescent pubic lips. I felt the strain in my inner-thigh muscles as I was very nearly doing a dancer's split. I wanted to expose myself like a slave on the auction block, showing off the most private parts of her female anatomy to bidders in the crowd.

I felt tingly and deliciously alive as I held my naked body wide open for Nurse Price. I watched with rapt interest as she squeezed another glob of medicinal gel onto her fingertips and then I held my breath as she reached between my legs and rubbed the gel into the smooth flesh between my anus and vagina.

I had never thought of the perineum as a sexual part of a woman's anatomy, but as the nurse touched me there and rubbed her fingertips across it, I felt an intense throbbing deep within my sex. My breathing became ragged, and my breasts rose and fell as those wonderful fingers touched me and rubbed that gel deep into my skin. It had to be obvious to Nurse Price that I was sexually aroused and feverish with sexual desire, but she very politely declined to call attention to my aroused state. She was very polite and never said a single word about it. I shamelessly squirmed my hips in a lewd suggestion manner and then Nurse Price grabbed one of my swollen pubic lips and pulled it out, stretching it taut.

"I'm not hurting you, am I?" the nurse asked, and I shook my head in negation.

"I'm fine," I insisted, trying to suppress a moan. My legs were stretched out trembling as my body was suffused with sexual tension. My pussy throbbed and it would take so little for me to go over the edge, but I couldn't just say that to Nurse Price. My sex was already gaping and dripping my fluids onto the examination table. How much more humiliating would it be to tell the nurse that her fingertips were just seconds away from bringing me to a powerful orgasm?

I was hoping to suppress my climax until after I left the doctor's office and then masturbate furiously after I got home, however, it turned out that I wasn't going to be able to hold back my body from reaching sexual climax.

At some point the nurse's thumb brushed the hood back from my clitoris and dormienti gel was rubbed directly into my swollen clitoris. I gasped and could no longer hold back. My orgasm broke loose, and with Nurse Price watching me intently, my pleasure flooded explosively through me. My vagina spasmed and I panted and gasped violently as my pelvis squirmed in a lewd, shameless manner.

Nurse Price knew that my body was in the throes of orgasm. The way I was writhing and gasping in orgasmic ecstasy, there's no way she could mistake actions for anything else. Wave after magnificent wave of wanton, libidinous pleasure rocketed through me and overpowered me. I bit my lower lip and tried to keep from screaming, but it was too much, and multiple, shameless cries of passionate sexual release were ripped out of me.

When it was over, I collapsed limp and boneless onto the table. My whole body went slack, and I couldn't seem to move. Nurse Price just watched me without saying anything and waited for my breathing to return to normal.

I was lying there, naked and satiated when Nurse Price spoke again. She didn't mention my boisterous orgasm, but rather said, "Okay, Lauren, you can get dressed now. We want to see you here again in about a month. See the lady at the front desk to make a follow up appointment."

My eyes were still closed, but I nodded in agreement. I seriously doubted my second visit would be as deliciously erotic at the first, but who could say for certain?

