I'm waiting for him just like he instructed... In our bedroom, naked, kneeling with my hands positioned and clasped behind my head. He told me to face away from the door and to keep my eyes closed unless he tells me otherwise.
I hear the front door close and I feel my insides tighten in anticipation. My ears are straining and I finally hear his steps on the stairs. The bedroom door opens. I'm barely breathing so I don't miss any little sound that might tell me what he's about to do to me. He doesn't say anything and it's incredible how silence can be deafening. Finally, I hear him walk across the room and open a dresser drawer. His steps come toward me and I go perfectly still. I feel something slip around my neck... gradually tighten. He finishes fastening my collar and I feel goosebumps rush over my skin. I remain in position like a good girl.
I feel something slip over my face and is secured behind my head. The object stays over the top half of my face and I realize it's a blindfold. I shift my focus away from keeping my eyes closed and refocus on what he's doing next. He's testing the blindfold to make sure it's tight enough. I feel a little trickle of nerves when I find myself questioning if it's even him standing behind me right now. He hasn't said a word yet.
I'm being pulled and led by my collar. I feel the edge of the bed and the collar continues applying pressure. I climb onto the bed staying on my hands and knees. His hand releases my collar and he begins slowly stroking down my back with his fingertips. My whole body shudders in response. His hand leaves my skin and I bite back a whimper. His fingers are back sliding up the inside of my leg. I arch my back sticking my ass and pussy further out for his touch. He slide up just to the edge of my pussy lips and then pulls away again. This time I do whimper and give a frustrated little wiggle. My frustration is rewarded with a sharp ass spank. I yelp but I know better than to move again.
He rubs my ass over what I'm sure is a bright pink handprint already. He turns me toward the edge of the bed where he's standing. His cock slips between my lips and down my throat. I moan around him and start sliding my mouth up and down. Fuck I love the taste of his precum. It has to be him in my mouth, no one else tastes this good. I'm loving his cock in me and the sound of my wet sloppy throat being fucked. He pushes deep and holds his cock there while he starts spanking my ass repeatedly. I whimper and try to pull back off his cock. He doesn't let me, he holds the back of my head with one hand while he keeps spanking each ass cheek with the other hand. He's holding his cock deep and only moving in and out an inch or two as he gags me hard. Suddenly he pulls away from me completely. I'm shaking and in need already. "Please..."
I'm flipped onto my back so quickly that it's disorienting. Something is being secured around my wrists. I hear him moving around the bed and then he's lifting and bending my leg. I feel more restraints being secured around each bent leg behind the knee. When he's done I realize that the restraints are connected and I am unable to comfortably extend or close my legs. If I attempt to lift my arm up toward my face, the strap pulls my knees up toward my face also.
He's gone quiet and I force myself to be still. I hear him moving close again and what sounds faintly like music as he steps closer. He slides something over my ears and I'm blasted with music. Hypno porn music with a driving rhythm overwhelms me. I can't hear or see anything and somehow it makes me feel so much more vulnerable.
I feel his mouth on my nipple and I gasp, arching hard into him. He catches my nipple between his teeth and pulls. I scream. At least I think I do, I can't hear myself anymore. I feel him bite my tit hard. I freeze for just a second before convulsing. Something closes over my nipple and sucks it hard. I assume it's his mouth again until I feel the same sensation on my other nipple. He spreads my pussy lips and uses the pumps on my clit and both nipples. He gets to work sensitizing my skin next.
I feel the kiss of a flogger on my body. He mixes up the areas he uses it on me. Some hits have more pop to them so that my skin turns pink and more sensitive. The music has me almost in a trance and the sharp sensations he gives me are even more shocking as a result. I feel something pressing against my lips, he presses my jaw down and it partially slides in my mouth. I feel him fastening another object behind my head and I realize even though this is my first time using one, that I'm wearing a ball gag. I attempt to speak but can't use my tongue properly. I can't hear myself but I can feel my vocal cords working. I feel a dark thrill over my complete helplessness. If I wanted to use a safeword right now I couldn't. My lust for him... my absolute trust in him has me wanting more and fuck the risk.
I feel the cold push against my asshole and I can tell by the hard feel that it's my glass plug he's inserting. I feel my ass resist and he gradually fucks me with the plug. It takes several minutes but my ass swallows the plug and my body starts to relax. I squeeze around the plug, enjoying it's hardness and the stretch it gives me. I feel him insert a finger in me and all my tension is back. I'm dripping wet and I immediately start squirming with his finger pumping in and out of my cunt. He adds another finger and my hips are pushing down on his hand, greedy for more. I'm moaning behind my ball gag. Whimpering because I'm so close to cumming. As he fucks me with his fingers, he pulls off each pump from my nipples and then my clit. I jump and shake when the pumps release my sensitized skin.
His tongue passes between my pussy lips in a casual lick. My response is in no fucking way casual. It's immediate and almost violent. He licks me again and I start fighting my restraints. He did too good of a job securing me. His mouth sucking on my swollen clit is driving me mad. It's so much... too much. I'm so desperate. I can't hold on. I cum hard and I can fucking feel the sound he makes as he eats me, when he feels me cumming. He disappears again and I'm left anticipating his next touch.
I wasn't fucking ready for it. Shockingly cold so I gasp around the gag. He trails an ice cube around my nipple. He trails it across my body and I imagine him watching my tortured response. I thrash my head around and test my restraints again. I feel ice at the entrance of my cunt and everything contracts. I can't move away though. He pushes an ice cube inside of me and I try to yelp around my gag. His warm mouth descends on me again. Soothing the shocking cold. He pulls away and the torture has broken me. I need his cock deep in me, fucking me and breaking me.
I can't hear his return but I suddenly feel intense heat on my nipple. Fuck. Wax. I've never played with it before but I like the almost burning feeling. He sucks one nipple with ice in his mouth, while he pours hot wax on the other. I'm trying to beg him to fuck me behind my gag. I feel a sharp stinging sensation on my clit. I pause and don't move. Again, a sharp sensation that has me almost jumping off the bed. He's smacking my clit but I can't quite tell if he's using a belt or his hand. I'm utterly helpless. I can't defend myself, can't anticipate the blow, can't beg him to stop, or even use my safewords. He smacks my clit 3 more times in a row and then he disappears again.
It takes me about a full minute to stop anticipating the next clit smack. He's dripping hot wax on my thighs... Running dangerously close to my pussy. His hands grab my tits roughly and I moan when he pulls my nipples. He starts smacking my nipples with sharp slaps over and over. They're already so sensitive from the pumps but I love the tit torture. I feel a hard pinch on my nipples and no relief. Both nipples are being pulled while his thumb finds my clit. I whimper behind my gag. My cunt is painfully empty and I need his cock so bad. I realize that he must have the clamps on my nipples and he's pulling the chain.
Suddenly, he pulls away completely and I'm left alone with the hypno porn and my body restrained and throbbing. My nipples and ass become the focus of my body's throbbing due to the clamps and plug. I feel the bed move slightly with his weight as he positions himself between my legs. Still he don't touch me. I don't know what to anticipate and it's driving me insane. It could be a sharp slap on my sensitive clit, more ice cubes, hot wax, something gentle.
A minute later I feel him pressing something into my cunt. I feel the bed move with his thrust and I moan behind my gag. Fuck yes, his cock is in me and my pussy is literally dripping wet. He pushes deep and my cunt swallows his cock. I picture the view he has of that big cock fucking my soaked little pussy. My body laid out for him, for whatever torture he devises. He only lets me have the sensation of his cock sliding in and out of me. I love it... I love him... Fuck.
He's always felt so right. His slow deep fucking is starting to drive me crazy. I try to thrust my hips up as he fucks me. He pulls on the chain to my clamps in warning. I try to scream behind my ball gag. My nipples are on fire as he continues pulling my chain. My cunt grips his cock tighter. Finally he starts fucking me harder. My senses are overwhelmed and I can feel myself getting teary eyed. I need... Ughh fuck, I just need him... more of him. I plead in my mind.
He pulls almost all the way out and I'm whimpering in frustration. Trying to wiggle my hips down and take more of his cock. This earns me a sharp clit slap. He pulls out and smacks my clit with his wet cock and as I'm reacting to that, he pulls my chain. He pulls it steady and hard and I'm squirming in pleasure/pain. I feel the clamps slide off... pinching hard as they do. He fastens the clamps back on my throbbing nipples.
I'm almost incoherent now. He starts fucking me hard and I do start crying. Tears of relief. He can't see them under my blindfold as he fucks me brutally hard. He pulls back again and I've lost my damn mind. I fight my restraints in earnest. He's rubbing his cock between my soaked pussy lips and I can't stop shaking and whimpering. His cock slides back in deep and something presses on my clit. My clit is suddenly exploding with sensation... Oh fuck fuck fuck... It's the wand. I'm forced to feel everything. Every inch of that big delicious cock. How each thrust puts more pressure on the plug in my ass. That fucking wand making me feel like I'm a live wire of nerves. My throbbing nipples from the clamps.
I can't hold back... I cum and I cum hard. Convulsions that have me bathing his cock in my lust. He. Doesn't. Fucking. Stop. He keeps making me cum and there's nothing I can do about it. My whimpers turn to sobs. My orgasms come again and again like tsunami waves. Finally... blissfully... I feel his cock swell and go rock hard. His cock is pulsing and shooting his cum deep inside me. I cum again from the feeling of it.
He's still inside me as he reaches up to my face and undoes the ball gag. I give a little whimper as it slips off. He takes off my headphones and my ears adjust after a minute. I can hear both of us still breathing hard. He removes my blindfold. God, I love the sight of him. I lock eyes with him and I know he can read me. I'm raw in ever sense of the word. He takes everything from me and somehow gives me the only fucking thing that matters in this world.
I shake my wrists and grit out... "Take these off." He removes the restraints from my wrists and I wrap my arms around him. I fucking cling to him. Hold him tight. His cock is still in me and I'm still shaking. I kiss him slow and deep... soothing the rawness we both feel. He slips his cock out of me and lies down on the bed. I remove the rest of the restraints and place my head on his shoulder as I cuddle and run my hands over his body. I have no words. I'm still somewhat in a place where touch is the only thing that exists... The only communication needed. I reach down and hold his hand, interlocking our fingers.