I have had a fantasy about eating a woman who had just been fucked by another man and then having sex with her myself. That sounds simple enough - and it sure is kinky - but finding a woman who wants to screw some other guy and then screw me right away isn't the easiest thing in the world to do. This little situation just sort of landed in my lap a number of years ago.
I got to know Ricquie through some friends. We dated for a few months, and then she moved into my condo with me. She worked for a large company that was expanding into this city, and she sold their product; some large industrial equipment with some pretty hefty price tags. Most of the time it was just the usual eight to five job, but once in a while there were late nights where she had to look after some customer from out of town. I never questioned what those late nights involved, and just assumed that it was the usual dinner and drinks thing and otherwise schmoozing with the customer. When she made a sale, she got a pretty good commission check from it. Otherwise, her plain salary would hardly keep a cat in food. We were having sex pretty often, but not every night. Usually if she had a late night with a customer she claimed she was tired and just wanted to get to have a quick shower and get to sleep. Since we had been living together, there were only a few of these kinds of nights. Every once in a while she would come home after being with a customer and she wasn't too tired and wanted me.
One night Ricquie was out late with a customer, and I had gone off with a couple of guys and we had ended up at a strip club for a few hours. After that I was horny as hell and wanted sex with Ricquie no matter how late she was out or how tired she was. I just needed her.
Ricquie came home a little later than usual that night, and proceeded to get ready for bed. She explained that she had been with two customers, men, who were a little harder to get to sign the contract than usual. She claimed that she was really tired and just wanted to get to bed.
"Look, I know you're tired, but I am really horny tonight and need you real bad," I begged. Begging wasn't usually my thing, but I really wanted sex with her.
"I don't know, it was a long day and evening; how about tomorrow night?"
I fessed up and told her who I had been out with and where we had gone. I wasn't sure if she would be pissed, or happy that I hadn't done anything with any other woman and had come home to her.
She gave me one of those "you-were-doing-what looks?" sighed, and then said, "Okay, how about just a quickie then?"
"That works!" I said happily. I had no intention of making it too quick, but I wasn't going to tell her that now. I was horny, but I liked to make it last with her too.
"No, I mean it," she said. "Just a quickie. I saw that look in your eye."
"What look?"
"You know which one. If you want me, it's going to be just a quick romp in the sack and then I take a shower and get to sleep."
"Yea, okay, that's what I said."
"That's what you said, but that's not what you meant." She quickly slipped out of her clothes and was down to her bra and panties.
They came off as I finished getting undressed. She slipped into bed and pulled the covers over her as I got in next to her. Ricquie reached under the covers and found my semi-hard cock and began to stroke it. I got very hard very quickly tonight; not that she can't get me that way any other night, but I was quicker than usual tonight. Pretty soon the cock head was slick with my pre- cum.
"My, you are horny tonight aren't you? After seeing some naked women and now getting to play with the real thing gets to you doesn't it?" She parted her legs good and wide and pulled me over on top of her. "Put it in me lover," she whispered in my ear, "Give me your nice hard cock and fill me with your hot sperm. Make me come all over your hard cock too."
God I love it when she talks like that! I usually reach between us and aim my cock at her pussy, but tonight she had her hand on it before I had a chance to and positioned the swollen tip right at her entrance. I shoved hard, and slid all the way into her. She was really wet! For someone who was supposed to be tired, it didn't slow her sex down. That told me that she was pretty horny too. I pumped slowly in and out of her a few times, and couldn't believe how really wet she was. I was getting soaked with her juices, much more so that usual. It was like the times when we make love more than once in an evening and there is a lot of my sperm still inside her. Finally, I decided that if she was really that hot, that I might as well give her the full treatment and eat her to her first orgasm. She gets off so well that way and it makes the actual fucking even better. So, I slid out of her and started kissing my way down between her breasts, over her stomach and started down to her sex. Just about then she stopped me.
"No!" she said surprisingly loud, "You said this was just going to be a quickie."
"Yea, but you get off so well when I eat you, and you are so wet, you just have to be about as horny as I am. So, what's the problem? You'll probably get off in a flash anyway. It's not like this is going to be an all nighter." I move a little further down on her, even as she was trying to pull my head back up.
"No," she repeated. "First of all, you said this was going to be a quickie, and then I'm not feeling all that fresh down there. I'd rather not be eaten tonight."
Just about then, I smelled her pussy, and had to wonder. It certainly smelled like it does when I have had her just a few hours before. "Have you been with another guy?" I asked her rather bluntly.
"NO!" she shouted.
"Kinda smells like it," I said without lifting my head up. "And, we haven't had sex in a day or so."
"Oh shit," she said going limp on the bed. "Okay, yea, I was with the customer in bed at his hotel room. Look, before you get pissed, you have to understand how it is out there in the sales business."
"Oh, so tell me," I said looking at her face. "I suppose you get them to sign the sales order by sleeping with them? Is that about it?" I probably sounded pretty pissed, but I wasn't really all that mad. After all, she had come home to me, and sorta wanted sex with me. And, I was about to be able to fuck her after she had been with another guy. Actually, I had been fucking her after she had been with another guy, I was just about to get a pretty kinky fantasy of mine fulfilled by eating her with another guys sperm running out of her. No, I wasn't all that mad, more like surprised by all of this than anything.
"Pretty much. I do a lot better than most of the male sales reps in the office, even though they take customers out to dinner at expensive places too. I just have that little advantage and I use it. I never tell anyone, but it does work. And…" she said defiantly, "I didn't make up the rules; I just have to live with them. A lot of those assholes won't take a woman seriously, but if I fuck them they suddenly sign on the dotted line."
I just looked at her and didn't say anything.
"Look, it's just business and not love or really even sex for that matter. I don't get into it, I just let them have their way with me for a short time and then I'm out of there. I come home to you because you're the one I want to be with and you're the one I really have sex with."
"I think you had sex tonight with the customer, maybe both of them."
"No, it was more like he fucked me. And, there was only one. The older guy called it a night early on and left it all up to the other one. I was just the slightly younger prick I had to play hardball with. I hardly got wet and it was over in no time. He was a little overweight, had a short dick, and got off way too quick for me to have been satisfied. If he's married, I'll bet she plays around a lot when he's out of town. It's either that or she doesn't like sex."
"Okay," I said. "I guess it's okay if that what you have to do."
"You aren't ready to kill me or dump me?" she asked, sounding rather surprised.
"No, a little shocked, but otherwise I'm okay." I leaned down and kissed her tummy, then started heading toward her pussy again.
"You're going to eat me after another man put his come in me?" she asked in disbelief.
"Well, I've eaten you after I have had you. It probably isn't much different." It may not have been much different, but there was a mental thing about it, and it sure as hell was turning me on!
"This isn't the same thing!"
"It's okay, really." I arrived at the top of her damp pussy and gave it a lick. Yup, I could definitely smell and taste sperm there. Nice fresh sperm. I was really hard now. I think if she had been able to grab my cock, I would have shot a load in her hand just from that stimulation alone. I couldn't believe how hot this was getting me.
"I've hear of this," she said, and then groaned as my tongue licked her clit for the first time tonight. "Oh God yes Dave, EAT ME! I can't believe how hot this had gotten me!"
"It's called a cream pie," I said as I sucked on her sopping pussy. Now I really got into it. I could taste the other guy on her pussy, and smell it, the fresh sperm leaking out of her. There wasn't much of it, as it had been too long, but the taste and smell of him was still there. If we had started making love a lot sooner, maybe some his actual thick come would be still there for the tasting. But, this was better than nothing.
"I know. And to think that after being with a customer who was a lousy lay as most of them are, I could have come home horny and had a good fucking. Instead I pretended to be too tired and went to bed horny and had to get myself off after you went to sleep or in the bathroom."
I sucked on her inner lips, licked her clit, and tasted the flavorful juices leaking out of her. She was so hot that in no time she was ready to come and gush all over my face.
"Oh yea," she moaned as I started to lick her swollen clit with a little more determination. "Right there. Lick it lover, lick it!
I sucked on that swollen sex bud, firmly licked it and began to feel it pulse.
"OH SHIT YEA!" she screamed. "That's it, I'm COMING!"
As her comes went - this was a good one. She pressed her smooth thighs firmly against my head, her tight little ass came up off the bed, and she screamed as she shook with her orgasm. I got her off with my tongue all right and very well at that. I was rewarded with even more of her tainted juices flowing out of her cunt as I continued to lick her down there as she came down from her come. Now I wanted to add my sperm to the mess.
"That was so good," she gasped. "So good. Now, give me your hard cock and give me a good fucking like you know I like it. Not like that other useless prick did."
I was happy to do her, fuck her, and make her come again. I moved up between her legs, over her sexy body again, and swiftly reentered her. Her legs wrapped around my back and moved them up high, raising her sexy ass off the bed, making sure that I went all the way into her as her fingers scratched my back.
"Fuck me good Dave," she whispered in my ear. "Make me come and scream for you. Fuck me nice and hard."
I began moving in and out of her, fucking her fast and hard. Somehow, I managed to hold off and made it last some. We were getting close to getting off when she suddenly decided she wanted to be on top.
"Okay," I agreed, "you know I like it like that."
"Then you'll love this," she said as she sat down on top of me and pushed my hard cock all the way back into her creamy pussy. She put her hands near my shoulders and started fucking me like she never had before. She was fast, determined, and very good!
I put my hands on her hips and met her thrust with one of my own. She was really getting screwed now. Before long we both had a huge come. It was one of those comes that just lasts and lasts and I felt like I was pumping a quart of my hot thick come into her.
When we were both finally done, she sat up some and pushed her body down on me hard, keeping my softening cock in her as far as she could. "I think you made quite a mess in me," she said with a wicked grin.
"It sure felt like a lot."
"Oh, I think it was too. I could feel you throbbing away in me. I think you gave me more than you usually do, and that's quite a bit." Now she moved her feet up next to my hips and was really squatting on me. My cock was still insider her, acting as a plug, keeping all that juice from the two of us bottled up inside her.
I pulled her hips firmly down on me, sinking my shrinking cock as deep as I could. "I guess there will be quite a flood when you get off of me."
"Yea," Ricquie said with a grin, "and someone has to clean it up."
"I think I know what you have in mind," I said as I moved my hands from her hips to under her ass.
"Yea, if you love cream pie, you are going to love this!" Saying that, she quickly moved forward and planted her gushing pussy right over my mouth. "Clean this mess up," she commanded. "You made it."
A mixture of my come and hers ran out of her cunt, dripped all the way from my cock to my mouth with the majority of it gushing into my waiting mouth. I licked and sucked it up as fast as I could, trying to get it all. There was my come, her juices, and yes, I suppose there was still a little of that other guys sperm there too. I started immediately getting hard again as I cleaned her up, licking up every last drop that come out of her sex hole, and then licking the sexy pussy lips, getting them all nice and clean too.
She took a shower soon after that and then she slipped back into bed with me. She told me that she was really happy to know that she could fuck a customer to get him to sign a contract, then come right home and get a proper fucking with a real lover. And, as it turns out, the ones she has to fuck to get the contract signed don't get as good a deal as they could have had. She has all sorts of discounts that she could give them, but doesn't if there is sex involved. So, they fuck her and she screws them!
We didn't talk much about that incident for the next few days. Then she called me at work one day and said that she had two customers that were being a little stubborn and this could be a big sale, a really big one. "I may have to fuck them both," she explained, "and since I have dealt with these two before, I think they both want me one right after the other - sort of a gang bang."
"Are they any good?" I asked with a laugh.
"Nope, but they sure think they are. But, I have a plan."
"A plan for what?"
"Us, after I'm done with them."
"And what would that be?" I imagined it must have something to do with me getting another cream pie treat from her.
"Well," she began, "They are staying at the Stewart Hotel on the ninth floor. How about you get a room on that floor?"
"Hmm…I get it, and then when you are done with them, you just come over to my room?"
"Yea, and then I will give you a nice fresh cream pie from another guy. Only this one should be a lot juicer than the last one I gave you several nights ago."
God I was hot now! I got a few details about when she thought she would be done with them and so on. I hung up and called the Stewart hotel, fed them a line, and got a room on the ninth floor - which turned out to be a lot easier than I thought it would be. As it turns out, my room was all of two doors down from where one of her customers was staying. I had no idea where the other one was staying, but it really didn't matter. They gave me two keys, as I said I would need one for my wife who would be meeting me a little later. Then I took the spare key, put it in an envelope and ran it over to Ricquie's office. It was getting a little complicated, but so far all was well.
I killed the time between getting off of work myself and the time when I was supposed to meet Ricquie. Believe me, it wasn't easy. I wanted to be with her so bad right then. I got something to eat, though I wasn't that hungry. About an hour before I was supposed to meet her, I went to the hotel bar, got a small table off to the side and nursed a beer. I wondered if I might see her with the two guys, and get a glimpse of what she was going to screw, but either they never came into the bar or they were already up in the customer's room.
A little before the appointed rendezvous time, I went up to my room. I paced around for a little bit, flipped through the channels on the TV, then decided to get undressed and get into the bed. According to her plan, she would be here soon.
Well, with the best laid plans of men and mice and all that, it was over an hour past her time before I heard the key in the door.
"Hi!" she said with a big grin. "Are you ready for a real messy cream pie?"
"Yea!" I said throwing the cover off of me. I was stark naked and ready for her.
Ricquie threw her purse in the chair in the corner of the room and then nearly ripped her blouse and bra off. I was getting hard when those beautiful tits came into view, and was really hard when she slipped the skirt off - she didn't have her panties on!
   "I left my panties off so they wouldn't soak up everything," she explained as she rushed over to me. I lay flat on the bed and she quickly grabbed the headboard (such as they are in a hotel these days) and squatted over my waiting mouth just like she had the other night. Sure enough, quite a large drip of her customer's come oozed out of her hot little love opening and dripped straight into my mouth. I now tasted the fresh sperm of a guy who had just shot his load into Ricquie not more than ten minutes ago. I licked and sucked, and otherwise cleaned her up until there was nothing coming out of her and no trace of this other guy's sperm on her pussy. I was also so hard and wanted her so bad!
"Lick my clit lover," she begged, "make me come right here like this."
Now I paid a lot of attention to her clit. I also reached up and gently pinched and pulled on her erect nipples. Soon she was groaning and getting very close to coming. "Tell me," I said, taking a short break, "did you fuck both of them?"
"Yea, I said I would."
I gave her a few more licks, square on her aching clit, and then asked, "One after the other?"
"Yea, that's the way they wanted me. They don't know it, but they really paid for it - big-time!"
I gave that marvelous clit a few more licks and a gentle suck "They weren't much fun?"
"No, they had no idea how to please a woman. Now, make me come, okay?"
For setting this up, she deserved to not only come, but have a good one at that. I licked and sucked until she was almost ready to come, the teased her a little with my tongue by keeping her there but not making her come. Finally I kept up the pressure on her sex and she really got off. She had to keep the noise down, which was a bit of a chore for her, but come she did! I was rewarded with another copious flow of her tainted fluids gushing into my mouth. Once again I could taste the traces of the other guys.
When she was finally done, she got off of me and lay next to me. "Now fuck me like only you can," she said. "Those guys didn't have a clue."
I moved over on top of her and was deep inside her in a second. "Did they take you this way or doggie style?"
"Doggie style. Talk about impersonal for a first time with someone."
"First the one and then the other?"
"Yea, the fatter one first. The other guy wanted me to blow him some while his buddy was fucking me."
"Did you?" I was now moving in and out of her in long but fast strokes, smashing our two bodies together with each stroke. She was matching my movements, making it a hard fast fuck for both of us. Once again, her legs were around me and high up on my back so she could take me in as deep as she could get me.
"I tried to, but it wasn't easy. Oh yea baby, this is it, this is really good. Keep fucking me nice and hard. Make me come all over your nice cock."  
"Then the other guy had you?"
"Yup, he even made a lewd remark about having sloppy seconds, like I wouldn't be as good for him. Oh God, I'm gonna come so good for you."
"Did you come for them?" I was getting even more turned on hearing about it all.
"Fuck no. they were too busy getting themselves off to worry about me." Her fingernails raked my back. "Fuck me nice and hard, give my all your hot cum and wash theirs out of me. Come nice and deep in me baby. I'm gonna come real soon baby, real soon….Ohhhhhhhhhh…"
The way she was positioned under me, there wasn't any way I wasn't. Her ass was off the bed, her legs were spread wide, and she was taking me as deep as she could.
Finally I couldn't take it any longer. "Here I come baby," I whispered in her ear. "Here's all my hot sperm for you. I'll put it in nice and deep for you." I shoved in nice and deep and that first huge blast of my come shot out of my throbbing cock and sprayed her waiting cervix. "OH GOD….YES!" I shouted. "I'M COMING IN YOU!!"
There was a loud grunt from Ricquie and her orgasm started too. Now her fingernails raked my back with a real determination. She screamed something unintelligible, and started thrashing under me, making sure that my throbbing cock stayed deep inside her clasping pussy.
Just like the other night when I found out that I was having sex with her after she had been with another guy, I pumped a huge amount of my own cum into her. By the time we were done, there was cum leaking out of her pussy, down over her asshole, and up her back until it hit the bed. When we parted, even more leaked out. We were too tired by then to worry about the mess we had must made or to have me clean her up. We just lay there gasping trying to catch our breath.
There's good sex and great comes, but there is nothing like having a woman just after she has been with another guy to make you come buckets.
Now when she has to "work late," we either have some great sex when she gets home, or now and then we meet like this in the same hotel and I get a very fresh cream pie. I suppose the only thing hotter would be to watch the guy fuck her and then have her myself - after I clean her up of course. But, you can't have everything. At least I'm getting fresh cream pie these days!