Forced Bottomless Plus Jellyfish Equals Embarrassment
by BlueMenace 

The eighteen year-old Alice was not like the other girls and if you are now considering leaving because that's just a huge cliche to say that then go ahead, nobody likes you anyway here.

So let us get back to the business. What I was saying is that the girl whose name was Alice was not like the other girls and there were many reasons for that. First of all she… uhm… let me think… oh I got it! Actually nevermind, forget that. I meant to say she was… hmmm. She was… why is this so hard?!

Actually she was just like the other girls, yeah. She was like every single pretty white girl ever. Average grades, lots of friends, some closer than others, and good looks. Now I could hop into an endless cycle of describing her looks and breast size, by clever metaphors and rhymes but who actually cares about that shit. I know why you're here and so do you.

Basically Alice had blonde hair and blue eyes. How original. Big butt that boys lusted after and perfectly perky and cute tits were also included in the package. Sounds good already? Well let's add yet something little to the body of hers. Maybe braces? Nah. I say let's make her have badass sunglasses. Yeah that's more how I like it.

So the story starts out at the beach, naturally, with a very generic and more importantly boring weather. The sun is shining and fucking burning everyones skin red while it's unbearably hot. Luckily the sea water is cool and very very nice by all means.

The teen girl, Alice, stood in the low water near the beach while staring at some kids who were playing with each other a distance away from her. Alice, even if she didn't show it, was kind of annoyed by having to come all the way here with her family. If she had had the choice would she be spending her time in a place completely different from this hell on earth. The only warming though inside her cute head was that she looked good in her bikini, damn good.

But she wasn't the only one who had noticed how great her body looked. A group of boys. Around the ages of twelve and thirteen were currently staring at the pretty blonde from a short distance away, “Wouldn't it be fun to undo her bikini bottoms. It's holding on from only that one small hitch”, one of the boys laughed but wasn't expecting the idea to actually gain any traction. Surprise surprise it actually did gain a lot of traction and soon the kids were sneakily approaching Alice from the behind.

The girl who hadn't noticed the kids was absolutely shocked when she realized what had happened. Her bottoms came off in seconds, leaving her round butt and shaved pussy wide exposed to everyone, and were now in the hands of the younger girls and boys. Alice immediately tried to hide under the water and cover up but all the kids had surely already seen her ass in great detail. Luckily only the ass, for now…

“Give those back!” the bottomless girl shouted but it was helpless as the boys were throwing the bikini bottoms around in the air clearly having no kind of intentions of giving them back, at least not anytime soon.

“Give us your swimming bra first and we might give your bottoms back.”
That was not going to happen and after some time the kids got tired of the girl who was seemingly going to stay still for eternity. The most important thing still was for the kids that they had at least succeeded in stealing the bottoms and got a perfect view of maybe the best ass in the whole beach.

After Alice had thought that everything was now okay for a while the worst happened. Suddenly from out of nowhere she felt a pain in her leg. Very big and burning pain that took over her whole lower body. When she looked down she saw a medusa floating very close to her and she knew she had to hurry.

Running back to the beach she tried to cover her privates but it was all for nothing as the poison soon kicked in and crippled her body making her fall on ground. Didn't take long before there was a huge crowd around her wondering what had happened and who was this bottomless girl who was currently flashing her butt to everyone as she laid there in the ground. Alice herself was actually still fully conscious but not capable of moving an inch of her body. Currently she was only wishing that nothing too much was visible between her legs but as she couldnt move she had no way to check out if something was potentially showing off.

“Someone help her she has been attacked by medusa!”

“Dont worry Im a paramedic”, a young man who had now appeared said confidently.

“Please don't turn me around. Please don't turn me around”, Alice begged inside her mind but it naturally wasn't all that helpful.

When the man rolled the teen around Alice’s embarrassment reached completely new heights. Her completely shaved pussy was now exposed to everyone watching and the crown of people who were watching was definitely big. Her lips, wet from the water, were slightly opened up and gave the most explicit view imaginable to anyone who just wished to look. At least her tits were still covered but the idea wasn't very helpful at all when Alice's pussy was exposed.

The jellyfish’s sting point was in the girl's inner thigh uncomfortably close to her cunt. The paramedic pulled out a bottle of vinegar that he carefully started to apply to the thigh.

“This is so embarrassing. Stop Im begging you!” Alice wanted to shout but couldn't.

“I think she can't breathe!” someone shouted and was partly right but the reason for that wasn't the sting. The reason was that Alice was simply too embarrassed and almost fainting out.

The paramedic of course was scared by the idea of this girl dying and decided to act immediately. He ripped her bra off, to allow her breath more ‘freely’, so everyone could now see her perfect round tits and now from all the touching rock hard perky teen nipples. This felt like an end of the world to the poor Alice but the crowd seemed to enjoy the sight. Many younger boys and girls laughed and took photos of the naked teen to share them on social media. Meanwhile the older people found the whole thing quite amusing as well but some of them were scared about the girl's health.

When the sting had finally been treated Alice soon woke up in the car of her parents who were taking her to home. Alice's brother and sisters right next to her were all trying to hold their laughter at the sight of the still naked girl. Well why was Alice still naked? The reason for that is that her parents, after seeing the wound, decided that the best way to let it heal would be for Alice to stay naked for maybe a few weeks. After all, the weather was generically warm and there was no real need for clothes. Why could the parents decide what an eighteen year-old can wear? Lets just say that the fictional country they live in has the legal age being twenty instead of eighteen.

