Tarrant Hightopp, a had-been Mad Hatter who had once lead a Resistance and who is now the Royal Haberdasher to the White Queen of Underland, is most definitely a Morning Person. 

This is Alice ’s first thought as she wakes to the feel of his arm wrapped around her waist, his hand cupping her breast. His longer and heavier leg had been thrown over both of hers and... 

Yes, she knows what that is pressing hotly, mindlessly into her hip. 

There is no denying the Facts: her husband is a Morning Person. 

She, herself, is not. This could be a problem, she muzzily considers... Luckily, she’s willing to let him do his best to convince her to change her habits. She shifts against him, rolling from her side onto her back. This causes Tarrant’s head to slip off of the tower of pillows that had assembled themselves beneath his head during the night. He comes awake with a snort and a start... a startled twitch that rubs his hardness against her flesh even more insistently. 

“Al... Alice?” 

“Hm,” she replies, amused despite both the early hour and the fact that there is not a single steaming teapot to be had in the room. 

He scrambles away from her, clutching the sheet to his middle. Alice finds it highly amusing that of the two of them – neither of which are wearing a single stitch of clothing – he is the one who seems shocked and embarrassed. “I’m sorry!” he gasps, clearly referring to the liberties that that rather unruly part of him had been taking on her person. 

Alice merely smiles, reaches over and pulls the sheet from his grasp, tosses it toward the end of the bed, and wraps the same hand around his neck. 

It would have been – should have been – harder to convince him to roll back toward her had he truly meant that apology. Alice doesn ’t mind the insincerity so much, not while she’s remembering the feel of his mouth on her skin and the thrusts of his body within hers and... 

She shivers. 

Tarrant probably would have chastised her for tossing away the sheet and allowing herself to catch a chill except he is busy gasping instead. Alice applies her mouth to his chest; she had wanted to taste his dark nipples last night but, somehow, hadn’t taken the opportunity to do so. 

She throws a leg over his hip – her thigh muscles protesting mightily at the aerobic gesture – hooks an arm around his shoulder and hums appreciatively as it takes very little actual effort to persuade him to cover her with his body, to lean over her with his hardness pressing against her and his hips in the cradle of hers. 

In all honesty, she might like to reverse their positions at some point, but as he is a Morning Person and she is not... well... it ’s only fair that he put that energy to Good Use, isn’t it? 

“ Alice...?” he rumbles as she nuzzles her way from his shoulder to his neck and then that very private place just beneath his ear. He swallows. She feels his Adam ’s apple bob against her chin. “ You are...?” 

Loving the rasping, needy quality of his voice, she rubs herself against his chest, drags a foot up the back of his thigh. “Ready,” she replies, rolling her hips against him. 

He groans, reaching between them and smoothing his palm from the inside of her knee up her thigh to... “Ahh...” he gasps. She thrusts back against his questing fingers. “Ye are sae... ” 

She had suspected as much, but she feels a thrill of feminine pride at the observation. Yes, she Wants him. Her body and her mind and her heart are all in agreement on that. 

He shivers and braces himself. Looks down at her and she loves him for his tousled hair and ungroomed eyebrows and gob smacked, lustful expression. 

She holds onto his shoulders as he begins to ease his hardness into her softness, her wetness, her warmth. He moves into her as he had last night, fills her, with such gentleness and care she feels her nails digging into his flesh. She wants more but she holds still. This is as new to him as it is to her. She does not know her limits anymore than she knows his. 

“Are you all right?” she whispers and he nods. 

“Alice...” and his hips give a small, hesitant thrust which makes him gasp and whine quite involuntarily. 

The hot sound of his pleasure, the feel of him within her again, has her arcing against him, helpless to restrain herself. “Please,” she whispers. 

“Again?” he confirms, pulling away slowly and – maddeningly – pausing. “One more time?” 

She shakes her head, her hands scrabbling against his skin, her hips seeking his with restless movements. “Many times,” she corrects him, hooking her heels behind his knees and pulling herself toward him. He gasps and she moans, “Many, many, many, many times, Tarrant. Please...” 

“ Ngh ...!” The whine is even more expressive than his groans. He is giving in. “Oh, Alice... as many as you wish.” And then he thrusts. 

She gasps, grabs for him, opens to him and he moves again, faster, more insistently, more confidently. He leans back until he is sitting upright and her hands find their way to his chest. She can see him clearly, can watch as his stomach muscles bunch beneath his pale skin with every forward motion of his hips. 

“Tarrant...” she pants as he gently presses her legs open a bit more and looks down at where their bodies are joined, watches himself disappear within her... then pull out... and press back in again. 

“Alice...” he replies, entranced by the sight of them coming together. Alice wishes that she could see it, but suddenly something within her tightens, swells... He feels harder within her although that can ’t be the case. It is she who has— 

“ Alice! Ngh... !” 

It is she who is clamping down on him and she doesn’t want this sensation to end although she knows it must! If it doesn’t her heart will burst and her lungs will flatten and she will lose her mind—! 

The scream forces itself out between her clenched teeth. Her eyes close and her toes tingle and her arms drop to the bed, limp and useless. She breathes. That and no more. 

“Alice?” he whispers worriedly after a moment. She summons the strength to open her eyes before he can pull out of her. She most definitely does not wish to make him believe that he should stop! She can still feel him, hard and inside and... 

“More...” she requests, her fingers stealing up his arms and her hips tilting in invitation. “More, Tarrant.” 

“Aye, m’wife,” he murmurs, moving again, slowly at first but with increasing speed with every encouraging murmur and caress she gives him. 

The second time she finds her release, it is to the sight of his face, lost in what must be a sensation so exquisite it steals every thought from his mind, and to the feel of his hips snapping uncontrollably against her body, and she does not feel it when he empties himself into her, but she hears the catch in his voice as he calls her name, sees the blank stare in his unfocused eyes as he falls into the pleasure she has given him... 

Her own pleasure rolls through her an instant before his thumb brushes against that small coil of sensitive flesh between her legs and that amplifies everything ... 

And by the sound of his gasp, he feels it, too. White noise – the sound of her own blood rushing – fills her ears as her body shudders again. When she finally manages to open her eyes, gasping for both breath and thought, her husband is there, gasping with her, glowing with happiness and his own well-deserved serving of pride. (Pride of the masculine, variety, obviously.) 

“Underland save us,” she mutters, shifting and ignoring the screaming of her thigh muscles. “If we are this good now... how... in the future... are we ever going to survive becoming more... proficient?” 

He giggles breathlessly and, leaning down, kisses her good morning. “With practice, I should think, my Alice. With a great deal of practice.” 

She groans at the thought. Dear tea trays and table cloths but marrying Tarrant Hightopp is, without a doubt, the best decision she has ever made. Sighing, happily, she accepts Tarrant ’s weight against her. He nibbles her collarbone and caresses her arms with his large, warm hands until she wishes he would... or rather, she wants to... well... but they’d just...! 

“Again, my Alice?” he murmurs as her hips nudge upward in helpless reaction to the attention he is paying her neck with his lips and breath and the touch of his palm drawing circles on her hip. 

“I...” How does she say yes to that without sounding ungrateful for all he’d given her already? 

He huffs against her ear. “I’m sorry, I can’t...” His pause is significant and Alice realizes he’s talking about the fact that he’s not... hard anymore. “But, I can ...” he suggests, leaning heavily on his left elbow and smoothing his right hand up over her hip and toward her pelvis. 

“Hnn...” she moans in thanks as he touches her again. Alice begins to doubt her insistence that she is not a Morning Person herself as she responds to his increasingly-skillful touch. Her third release is not as dramatic as the others, but it is satisfying. Unfortunately, the tensing of her body pushes him out of her. 

“I’m sorry,” she pants as he scrambles for a clean corner of sheet. 

“Ne’er,” he says, swooping down to kiss her thoroughly, “apologize for such beauty, Alice.” 

“But I... three times !” 

“Aye,” he agrees with a smirk that Alice thinks looks quite tasty. “I noticed.” 

Alice narrows her eyes at him in playful warning. “That can’t be... normal. ” 

“Would you be disappointed if it were?” he quizzes, lying down beside her and pressing kisses to her temple, her hair, her cheek. 

She laughs. “I suppose not.” She turns toward him and teases, “Do you think you can keep up with your wife’s demands?” 

His brows arc with abject shock. “And if I cannot?” 

Alice sighs. “I guess it will fall to me to... inspire you.” 

“Alice,” he breathes, gently nipping her jaw. “You do that without even trying. I am not sure I can survive an intentional effort.” 

She giggles and squirms closer to him. She ignores the sunlight coming through the window: a new day has begun and yet they are both still bare and tangled in sheets that smell of their... activities. Alice knows that the reality of employment, friends, and responsibility beckon them; for the moment, she doesn ’ t care. In languid motions, her fingers tickle a trail across Tarrant ’ s chest, dancing through the sparse hairs to be found there, continuing upward to trace his collarbone. He giggles, and she smiles against the warm curve of his neck. 

“We don ’ t have to go back to the castle... quite yet, do we, Tarrant?” 

He sighs and she looks up into green eyes lit with a peace Alice has never seen in them. Her husband replies huskily, “Nay, no ’ quite yet, my Alice. We have... a bit o ’ time yet... ”