The Bonobo Girls
by HalfAsleep

The Bonobo Girls Pt. 01

A group of women go to Burning Man. Self discovery ensues.

The first morning is always the craziest. There are tents to put up, the kitchen that needs tending, bags to unpack, and all the while the air is resonating with music and laughter.

This was their first time camping together at Burning Man. For four of them, it was the first time at Burning Man at all. Sarah had become the de facto leader, the only one in the group with a previous experience here under her belt. She had laid out the plan and all of them were dutifully following it.

The RV was one side of the little square of land they had claimed for themselves. Anne's car blocked the street side, while the kitchen tent, the shade structure and the outdoor shower closed off the other two sides. Susan, Carol and Sammy had set up their small tents in the back.

The five women finally gathered in the middle of their camp, dusty and tired. They collapsed on the camping chairs that had been scattered around.

Sarah addressed them all.

"Ladies, that was awesome. I say we have a bite to eat, get nice and hydrated, and then we hit the Playa!"

They all cheered.

"But first," Sarah continued, "we all need to change. You're at Burning Man, bitches, time to look like we belong!"

She smiled broadly at the seated women around her. They were all covered in dust, wearing simple shorts and T-shirts, hair heavy with sweat and grime. They were not close friends yet, but she had high hopes for this trip. They were co-workers, and this year had been Hell. It was Carol who had brought up the idea of the trip as a way to decompress. Sarah was going to go anyway, and as she had told them all stories from her trip last year, they had been excited to come. This was going to be cool, she hoped.

They ranged in age, from Sammy barely in her twenties, to Anne in her forties. They were all single, pretty, fit, bored, horny, tense, heartbroken, sad, burned out at the job, burned by the dating life, hopeful, dreaming of love, all the feelings that five women could share between them. This was going to be an adventure, the adventure to shake the cobwebs and maybe light that fire up again.

So far her girls, as Sarah had started calling them in her head, had done great and set up the camp with no complaint, with good cheer even.

Anne and Sarah shared the RV, each taking a bunk in the back. They stripped off their dusty work clothes and threw on more colorful clothing. Sarah noticed from the corner of her eye that Anne had stripped to her bra and panties before putting on colorful shorts and loose shirt. Anne was a tall blonde, her body in good shape even if her heavy breasts were not as perky as they might have been in the past, and her tummy not quite as flat. But she had a pretty face, kind, and the crow's feet nesting at the corner of her eyes gave her a wise look.

Sarah stripped naked, tossing the dusty and sweaty underpants to the side. She slipped on a pair of pink booty shorts, tight and comfy. She slipped a tight T shirt over her head, plopped a hat on her head and considered herself ready. She was in her early thirties, tight-bodied with small perky breasts, her black hair cut short in a edgy version of a bob. A smile was always on the edge of her full lips.

She headed back out of the RV to corral the rest of the girls. It was time to go explore!

The rest of the afternoon was spent riding around on their bicycles, exploring the campgrounds and the open spaces where the massive artworks were on display.

Sarah continued in her unofficial role as a tour guide as the rest of the girls gazed in awe at the art, the space and the people. The horse-shoe shaped campground enclosed the Playa, a mile wide circle of flat desert where large sculptures were on display. The Man, a three stories tall wooden structure in the middle of it served as the reference point for the whole thing.

But the people...that was the real exhibition. People came dressed in all manners of costumes, clothing, or nothing at all. Everything was colorful, sexy, playful, sometimes downright silly. Incredible hand-made costumes mingled with thrift store finds, creating a rainbow of happy, beautiful people.

And music. Everywhere music was blaring out of speakers from dance camps, from art cars gliding by, from live bands throwing impromptu concerts in some large domed structure. The girls were in awe, and giggling like schoolgirls.

The next two days passed quickly as the girls went out, sometime as a group and sometimes alone, exploring the vast space. Dinner time was when everyone regrouped to share a meal and talk about their day. By now they had all gotten into the groove and where all wearing skimpier and more outlandish outfits. There was always great excitement about the coming night since that was the cue for a change of clothing, another chance to play dress-up.

They were clearing out the dishes when Carol spoke up.

"So.." She said hesitantly, "Sammy and I were wondering if you guys would be comfortable with us being topless."

"We don't want to make anyone uncomfortable", piped in Sammy.

Carol and Sammy were sitting at the table looking at the other women. They were both in their late twenties, Carol a usually preppy-looking brunette, petite and slim. Sammy had long and curly dark blond hair, currently pulled back in a pony tail that fell to her lower back. She was curvy, blessed with full breasts and wide hips that gave her an hourglass figure.

"Yeah", said Sarah, "why would we care?"

"I dunno", replied Carol, "some people find it offensive I guess."

"Fuck that!" Cried Susan, "we're at motherfuckin' Burning Man! Have you seen what's out there? I don't think people are going to notice a pair of naked titties."

Susan gave an exaggerated swing of her hips to make her point, snapping her fingers. She smiled broadly, her curly black hair falling over her shoulders. She was in her early thirties, of average height and build, cute more than pretty, but her outsized personality and shit-eating grin always made her shine.

"We were talking about you guys", said Carol.

"Oh dear God", said Sarah, "tonight is the night. Tonight is the night we are getting fucked up, we are getting ugly, there is going to be vomit, and tears, and we are never going to be ashamed of being ourselves in front of each other. Deal? If you want to walk around naked, go for it. This is a no-judgement, no-shame zone."

"I am not throwing up", said Anne, "that's one bad habit I kicked a long time ago."

"How about tears?" Said Susan,"can we have tears?"

"You make me cry every day," replied Anne.

Everyone laughed.

"I...", said Carol dramatically, "have a gift. For everyone. Hold on."

She ran back to her tent. She promptly came back, unrolling a ziplock bag filled with what looked like aspirins.

"I have an ungodly amount of Molly, and maybe this is the night we should all take some."

"What's Molly?" Asked Anne.

"Ecstasy, darling." Said Sarah.

Carol broke the little pills in half and started passing them around.

"We can start with half doses and see how everyone does," she said.

"I haven't done drugs since college", said Anne, eying the little pill suspiciously. "Is this going to fuck me up?"

"You will love it" said Carol, "mild, smooth, it'll just make you feel great."

The women all took their pill at the same time, giggling.

"I don't feel anything" said Anne.

"It takes a while to kick in", said Sarah, "how about we change and meet here in ten minutes?"

Twenty minutes later the women were gathered back in the dining area in the middle of their little camp. The sun had set and the temperature had dropped, so they were wearing more layers now, colorful tights and yoga pants, vests and shirts under long coats. Sarah was passing around glow sticks for the girls to tie to their coats.

Susan was sitting in a folding chair, hugging herself. Sarah approached her.

"You okay?" She asked.

Susan looked up, a broad smile on her face. "Oh yeah", she said as she ran her fingers across the fake fur of her coat.

Well I guess the drugs are kicking in, thought Sarah. The world did seem a little brighter than usual...

"Okay my beautiful bitches", said Sarah, "I'm guessing we are all feeling goooood. We're going to hit the Playa, we're gonna dance, we're gonna have fun...but First!" She exclaimed, taking a dramatic pause, "I want to hear a secret. We're sisters now, I wan to know you. I love you all already, but I want to love the real you, not the bullshit you from work."

Everybody awed and oohed. Sarah felt a wave of love and appreciation wash over her. That Molly was really kicking in.

"I'll start", she said, " I...sometimes eat way too much over the weekend, and I spend the next three days obsessing about my diet, and that's why I'm bitchy sometimes, because actually I'm really hungry."

Carol stood up and gave Sarah a hug. "You're not bitchy.."

"I can spend all weekend not talking to anyone, and I'm happy with that," piped up Sammy.

"Oh for fuck's sake!" Exclaimed Susan, "who the fuck cares?I thought we were sharing secrets, not recipes for sad cakes. You said no judgement, right, no shame? So okay, here's something shameful no one knows about me, I'm the kind of girl that will blow a guy on a first date because, A, it's a quick way to really know someone, and B, I really like the feel of a dick in my mouth."

The little camp erupted in hoots and hollers.

"I love to tease guys by showing off a bit of skin", said Sammy.

"I love it when a guy pulls on my hair when he's riding me from behind," said Carol.

There was a chorus of "ooh, yeah" and hoots of laughter.

"You guys are so full of shit," said Anne.

A silence fell.

"You say you want secrets? How about telling a secret you keep even from yourself? The stuff you won't even admit to yourself. No judgement, no shame." As she continued to speak, Anne's voice cracked a bit, as if deep emotions had been stirred in her that were now slowly rising to the surface, threatening to break her composure. "My marriage ended because I was bored, and I was scared that I would never feel again the way I felt when I was younger. That last year before the divorce I was looking at every man in the street and wanting so bad to fuck all of them. I wanted to feel that hunger again, you know, when your body is on fire from wanting to touch and feel and be touched. And I'm still terrified I'm never going to feel that way ever again. If I could I would walk up to every man I saw and just..touch him. And have him touch me."

A silence settled over the gathered women.

"If I could I would be naked all the time. I want to watch men jerk off as they look at my naked body, " said Sammy, almost shyly.

"When I was in college...when I was in college I was at a frat party. I ended up in one of the guys room upstairs, and he and his frat brothers took turns fucking me. It only happened once, but that night I must have been fucked by like, five guys. I was covered in cum. The next day I pretended that I had been drunk, that I didn't remember what had happened. I didn't want them to think I was a slut. But that memory stayed with me..it's still the hottest thing that has ever happened to me," said Carol.

All eyes turned to Sarah.

Damn, she thought. The drug, the situation, something had opened these women up. Now it was Sarah's turn, and she was terrified to open her mouth. She didn't know I she could stop herself from babbling the truth.

She heard herself start to talk.

"I'm really sexual. I exercise a lot to burn off the energy, because otherwise I'd.., I dunno, bring a different guy home every night. But I don't want to get a reputation. So I just exercise and masturbate. A lot. And I'm bi. But I haven't been with a girl in ages. But I like how sex feels, how my body feels, I like to play with it. I've put a lot of things in my pussy. And ass. I just like, it's like, my body is this great instrument, and I like to play with it. But I always think I'm weird, some kind of freak for feeling this way, that I shouldn't be so obsessed with something so dirty."

They all sat in the silent darkness.

"I read this book," said Susan, finally breaking the silence."It was about sex in the past, like sex history or something. About how we evolved to have lots of different partners, like, in the same day. Something about the head of the dick is shaped to suck the other guy's sperm out of the vagina or something. Anyway, in the book they talked about the Bonobos. They're like cousins to the Chimps, you know, monkeys."

"Apes," corrected Anne.

"Yeah, anyway, these Bonobos are our cousins, in terms of evolution. And they solve their problems with sex. Like any conflict. And like the female bonobos are the leaders, and they're constantly rubbing each other's pussy, or sucking off the other males. And the males are super chill because they get steady sex. It's like, when sex is easy, the males relax and everyone is happy, but the sex is easy because the females are doing it. Its not the males fucking the females. Its the females going out there and fucking everyone. And I was thinking about this when you were all talking. We are Bonobos. Society teaches us to be like, all prudish and everything, but we are made to fuck. Like, all the time. A woman can take on five guys, but one guy can't satisfy five women. We're the sexual engine, not the guys."

"So..?" Said Sammy.

"I dunno. No judgement, no shame. Isn't that what you guys just described? Susan wants a dick in her mouth, Anne wants to touch everyone, Sarah's like, a sex freak, and I mean that in a good way. What if we really lived by that, just for the next few days? What happens if there's really no judgment, or shame, and we actually do what we want to do? What if we were more like the Bonobos?" Said Susan.

"We can call our camp that. The Bonobo Girls," said Sarah.

"The Bonobo Girls. I like that!" Said Carol.


The Bonobo Girls Pt. 02

Friends start to push their limits at Burning Man.

The rest of the evening was strangely subdued. They still went out as group, moving from dance camps to tiny home-made bars to chill lounges. The larger dance camps could be huge, hundreds of dancers under a dome bouncing in front of a stage where a professional DJ is throwing beats. Others were tiny; sometimes literally some guy with a computer on a folding table, hooked up to a couple speakers, while three people bopped their heads in time with the tunes.

The Bonobo Girls enjoyed themselves, but it was as if they were all distracted that evening. They would often huddle in twos and threes, talking in low voices. Lots of hugging, and some giggling. They each went to bed alone that night.

The morning found Anne and Sarah biking together towards Center Camp. Center Camp was the huge communal tent at the center of the campground, and the only place where you could buy coffee.

Sarah had thrown on a black bikini top and slipped on a pair of shorts. Anne had a tank top on, and a pair of loose and poofy pants. This was morning, pre-coffee. Whatever clothing was on hand was the guiding principle. Sara had pulled back her blonde hair in a loose ponytail and thrown on a sun hat. But no bra, Sarah noticed.

They were standing in the short line for coffee when Sarah finally brought up the topic of the other night's discussion.

"So, have you thought much about it?" she asked.

Anne, of course, knew what she was talking about.

"You know, it was fantastic to say these things out loud. But, what does it mean? What am I supposed to do? I can't go around groping guys, it's not what I want anyway."

"What do you want?" asked Sarah.

"I don't know. Some kind of connection. Yeah, a touch, physical contact. But not just that. But I also don't want to have to spend an afternoon talking to some guy. The whole point is that it's different from what we did before. I've been on dates. It sucked then, and I don't want to do that now. So maybe we should just forget it?" Replied Anne.

Sarah was silent for a while. A part of her agreed with Anne, agreed that it was hopeless to think they could be as free as they had described. Free of shame and judgement. But another part of her was screaming silently, screaming that if they could not be free at Burning Man then what chance of being free, ever. The thought of coming home to her apartment, never having even tried to loosen the shackles that held her back, that thought squeezed her heart like a fist, stealing her breath.

They moved in the line, ordered their coffees and walked towards a clump of dusty couches that had been set up nearby.

"Or...", said Sarah, taking a sip of her coffee,"we apply our new principles to everyone. What if you were totally honest with a guy. If you told him exactly what you wanted. He can say no, or you can say no if he acts like a douche."

Anne looked unconvinced, but nervous. Sarah knew a storm of thoughts and emotions were swirling in Anne's head. Sarah looked around, taking in the thin crowd that wandered around Center Camp. Her eyes fell on something.

"Come on," said Sarah, getting up and offering her hand to help Anne up.

She led Anne towards a deeper corner, to a set of padded benches that had been set up close to the edge of the tent, where the fabric met the ground. It was not a private space, but it was away from the main flow of people.

Seated on a bench was her target. A young man was seated there, in his late twenties, handsome in a hippy way, with a mass of dark curls pulled back in a short ponytail, dressed only in loose-fitting tie-dye pants.

She made Anne sit on one side of him as she sat on the other.

"Hello," she said, smiling brightly. "My friend has something to ask you."

Anne laughed softly, shaking her head in disbelief. But she looked up and found the young man's eyes. Sarah saw a new resolve build in Anne.

"If you don't mind, I would like to touch you. Just to feel your face, maybe your chest. Just that, " said Anne.

The young man smiled. "Sure."

Anne reached out with her right hand and brushed his cheek with the tip of her fingers. She traced the line of his jaw, curling around his ear.

"Should I do anything?" He asked.

"No," replied Anne softly. "do you mind?"

"No. It's kind of relaxing. A little weird too, but it's cool," he replied.

Sarah watched, sipping her coffee.

Anne followed the curve of his neck down his shoulder, then running her hand down his arm, lingering on the swell of muscles. She took his hand in hers, feeling the strong sinews that moved beneath the skin. She brought his hand to her face, gently placing it on her cheek.

"You can touch me too if you want," she said.

The young man squared up to Anne on the bench. They both were gliding their fingertips over each other's arms and shoulders, staring in each other's eyes. Their other hand rested on each other's knee.

Anne's fingers traced a a long arc across his chest, tripping across his ribs, following the fold of his waist before resting on his sternum.

After a hesitation, he did the same, though his fingers by necessity traced the underside of her heavy breasts on their way down. He too rested his hand on her sternum, his hand nestled between the warm cushions of her bosom.

Anne was starting to breath heavy, her eyes still locked on his. She could feel her nipples tighten, pushing against the fabric of her tank top. Her hand drifted to the side, her little finger brushing against his small nipple.

He mirrored her, his hand dropping to the side to cup her breast, his fingers bumping against her hard and thick nipple. He couldn't resist a quick look down, taking in the deep cleavage her shirt revealed, and the hard nipples pushing against the fabric of her shirt. His hand gently hefted the weight of her breast, his thumb brushing against her nipple again.

Anne moaned.

"Stop," she murmured.

"Sorry," he said quickly.

"No, it's good. I want to focus, you're too distracting," she said with a grin.

She took his hand and placed it on her other knee, giving it a squeeze to make sure it stayed in place.

"Is this still okay? Are you enjoying yourself?" she asked him.

He gave a short laugh. "Yes, I am enjoying myself."

Anne looked down at the tent that had formed in his pants. She smiled.

She brought both hands to his chest, her arms between his. She felt his breath under her palms. She started to slowly drag her fingertips down, across his chest and belly. Her eyes were locked on his, watching as a nervous hunger swept over his face, his lips curling a bit, his eyelids fluttering.

Her hands rested on his hip bones. She could feel the edge of his pants under her hands. She looked down, her eyes drawn to the distended fabric that hid his erection. She saw the knot that tied his pants closed. With nimble fingers, she pulled the strings, undoing the knot.

"There's people around," he said faintly, his breath short.

"It's okay," said Sarah as she moved to crouch next to them, her back to the crowd, giving them a tiny amount of privacy. Her eyes were fixed on Anne's fingers.

Anne pulled the pants slightly away from his belly. With one hand she fished his hard cock out, enjoying the softness of the skin as it moved over the hardness of his shaft. She touched him, not to please him but to explore the textures of his erection, to trace the features of his desire.

Her eyes were still locked on his, watching the changes in his expression.

She gripped his shaft. He had a decent sized cock, nothing enormous, but nothing to be ashamed off. She started to gently move her hand up and down, stroking the smooth head, spreading the bubble of pre-cum that had emerged from the tip.

"Do you want to cum?" Anne asked the young man.

"Yes," He panted.

"What do you like? Do you want me to go faster?" she asked.

"Yeah..I, I might need lube..." he stuttered in reply.

Anne barely hesitated. She folded down and took his cock in her mouth. He moaned as the sudden wet warmth engulfed the tip of his cock. Anne echoed his moan, a shiver of pleasure rising in her pussy. Anne swirled her tongue around it, bringing out as much saliva as she could. She stood right back up as if nothing had happened, her hand still on his cock. She could still feel the heat of it on her tongue though, and to have it here, with all these people around, the imprint of a cock whose owner she did not even know the name...She resisted the urge to move forward and mount him right there.

Instead she increased the pace of her stroke, using the new slickness on his cock to slide her hand from tip to base.

The young man tried to move his hand off her knee, to reach for her sex, but she stopped him.

"Don't move," she quickly ordered.

His hand froze, settled back on her knee. His eyes grew wide, his breath shorter.

"Are you going to cum?" she asked, still staring into his eyes.

"Yes."

"Soon?"

"Yes."

"Where do you wan to cum?"

The young man hesitated.

"Tell me, where do you want to cum?" Anne insisted.

"Your tits," he finally answered.

Anne pulled away her hands and in a split second had pulled her tank top over her head, tossing it aside for Sarah to catch. She immediately went back to the hard cock in front of her, her hand pumping up and down even faster.

The young man broke her gaze to stare down. Anne's heavy breasts swayed as her arm moved, her thick brown nipples tracing circles in the hot air between them. Sarah couldn't help but stare as well. They might not be as perky as they once were, but Anne still had an amazing pair of breasts, round and full and heavy, her nipples dark and thick.

The young man gasped. Shuddered.

A jet of cum erupted from his cock, arcing up to splash against Anne's bare breasts. She held his cock aimed at her tits as a second, then a third stream of cum covered her. Both Anne and Sarah were transfixed by the sight of the spasming cock, delighted smiles on their faces, as if the young man had just performed a magic trick.

The young man stopped spasming and a silence settled. The sounds of Center Camp flooded back to the awareness of the trio, suddenly aware of how public their experience had been. But no one was watching, no one seemed to have seen anything.

Anne leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on the young man's lips.

"Thank you," she said.

"Jesus, thank you! That was the hottest thing ever," he stammered.

"I'm glad you had fun. Thank you for letting me play," said Anne.

Anne turned to the still crouching Sarah.

"Shall we?"

Sarah stood up as Anne got up from the bench and turned away from the young man.

Sarah held up Anne's tank top, which she had been holding in her hand.

"Do you want this or are you going to go back like that?" Asked Sarah.

Anne looked down at her bare breasts, where ropes of jism arched between the globes of her tits.

"I'm good," she finally said, and walked away.

Sarah waved at the young man who was still sitting on the bench, his softening cock still outside of his pants, a content but confused look on his face. "I love Burning Man!" he giggled to himself.

Sarah caught up with Anne, who was walking confidently through the crowd, ignoring the occasional double takes from people as they stared at her stained and naked breasts.

They made it outside and found their bikes among the hundreds of other. Anne mounted hers and paused, her head low. Her body started to shake. For a second Sarah thought she might be crying, but she noticed the wave-like motion of Anne's hips. She was rubbing her clit against the bicycle seat, making herself cum, finally releasing the sexual tension that had been building up ever since they met the young man.

Sarah had to admit that her own pussy was moist, wet even. She unconsciously rocked her hips to put pressure on her clit, but stopped herself. She was enjoying the torture.

Anne let out a deep sigh.

"Feel better?" Asked Sarah.

Anne laughed. "Yeah." She grinned.

"You're a terrible influence on me," continued Anne. "Thank you."

"So, is that a yes for the Bonobo Girls?" Asked Sarah.

"Hell yeah. This place is not ready for what's coming," she said dramatically.

"Hopefully, that would be us, doing the cumming," replied Sarah.

Anne whooped.

The two women biked back to their camp, sipping their coffee as they leisurely made their way through the campground. Anne delighted in the feeling of freedom she felt as she biked topless down the dusty roads. Her clit throbbed whenever a stream of cum oozed down her breasts and onto her belly. "What a mess", she thought, "what a delicious mess."

They made it back to camp just in time to find Sammy and Carol walking back in. They looked disheveled, each sporting a big grin.

"What have you been up to?" asked Sarah.

"We went to the porte-potties and on the way back we saw that we're near the Orgy Dome. Did you know about that place?" Asked Carol. "It's a dome, where they have orgies! Only couples are allowed, so we talked to these two guys who were hanging around and convinced them to pretend to be our dates so we could get in. "

"You guys had an orgy?!" said Anne.

"Yeah, it was awesome," answered Sammy. "Apparently it was really mellow because it's the morning so not many people were there, but we still fucked, like, three dudes each. It was awesome!"

"What did you do?" asked Carol." Is that cum on your tits?"

"We got coffee," answered Anne, "and I want to hear about this Orgy Dome. Give me details."

The four women settled in the kitchen area to hear Carol and Sammy's tale of their adventure in the Orgy Dome.

Susan, meanwhile, was just now waking up. She emerged from her tent just in time to hear Carol's first words.

"So, of course first we started blowing our fake dates to thank them for getting us into the Orgy Dome."

"What the fuck?!" exclaimed Susan. "It's not even ten o'clock!"

Carol continued her story, ignoring Susan...


The Bonobo Girls Pt. 03

There's and Orgy Dome at Burning Man?

Carol had woken Sammy up by kicking her tent. She didn't want to go pee by herself, and Sammy's tent was conveniently placed within kicking distance.

Sammy, squinting in the harsh morning light, crawled out of her tent and grumbled something about having to pee too. So off they went.

Carol had wrapped a large sarong around herself, tying it behind her neck so that it fell around her like a loose dress. Her brown hair was piled on top of her head in a loose bun, strands of it falling across her face. Plastic flip-flops smacked happily against her heels as she walked to the porte-potty.

Having just emerged out of her tent, Sammy slipped on her furry boots, tied her curly blond hair in a loose ponytail, and headed out.

The boots and the elastic in her hair were her only bit of clothing.

Carol grinned at the curvy naked Sammy walking besides her.

"Good for you. I don't think I would have the guts," she told her, smiling.

"Give it a day. It feels fan-tas-tic!" said Sammy, stretching her arms up to get rid of the morning muscle aches.

Her breasts moved up with her arms, becoming perfect large round globes tipped with pale pink nipples.

A young man on a bicycle was passing by, caught sight of the naked Sammy and those perfect breasts, and nearly fell into a tent. He wobbled away, looking over his shoulder at her retreating ass, which happened to be just as round and perfect as her breasts.

The trip to the porte-potty was fairly short and pleasant. The air was still cool from the night, though the sun was bright and shining in the blue sky. They were walking along one of the broad and curving streets that had been set-up by the organizers of the festival. Tents, cars, RVs, and colorful home-made shade structures lined the street. Many campers had set themselves up with a gleeful desire to make their desert environment as vibrant as possible, planting pink flamingos, draping flags and colorful fabrics across poles and guide-lines, or even setting up entire living rooms, complete with couches and table lamps.

Carol and Sammy took it all in, laughing at the ridiculous decorations, waving to the few people who were awake. Their full bladders forced them to refuse an offer of pancakes.

Sammy, of course, was in heaven. At first she had been pleasantly nervous, her nipples tight as she stepped onto the street to start her walk. But she quickly relaxed, and was now completely comfortable in her naked state. Though every time she felt someone's eyes trace the curves of her body, or fall into the Y of her hips that led to her shaved little pussy, an electrical tingle shot through her body. She felt herself becoming moist. She wanted that feeling to continue forever, and decided there and then not to wear clothing for the rest of her trip.

Carol just watched and chuckled as every man they passed tried to unhinge his head in order watch her go by. But no one whistled or made comments. They just received smiles, from men and women alike.

And then they reached one of the line of porte-potties that was scattered throughout the campground. That was less pleasant, but the morning pee was a ritual that could not be ignored.

Feeling lighter and relaxed, they headed back to their camp.

Walking in the opposite direction revealed new sights they had not noticed before, because somehow that's how Burning Man works. At the street corner, they noticed a large red dome, with a scattering of other smaller domes and tents attached to it. A large sign was attached over the entrance, and in big letters were the words "Orgy Dome."

They both stopped and stared.

"You're kidding," said Carol.

A big rectangular tent, a carport really, was set-up in front of the dome itself. It seemed to serve as the antechamber, with bags and piles of clothes scattered around underneath it. People were obviously inside.

Carol stared wide-eyed at it. A slight tremor ran though her body.

"Wanna try it?" Asked Sammy.

Carol turned to her, her eyes wide with an excitement that almost scared her.

"Really?" She breathed.

"When the fuck are we going to have a chance to do something like this again?" exclaimed Sammy.

Carol stopped two young men who were walking by. They had noticed Sammy, and gladly stopped to talk.

"Do you guys know what that is?" asked Carol.

"That's the Orgy Dome," replied one of the guys, a skinny blond dressed only in a pair of shorts, his bronzed body hinting at a life spent on a beach or a surf board.

"Do you need tickets of anything? I mean, is it really, like..." stammered Carol.

"A dome where they have orgies? yeah. It's couples-only though. Otherwise I think you can just go in" he replied.

"Have you guys ever been in it? Is it cool?" Asked Sammy.

"No, we don't have girlfriends...why, are you interested?" asked the other guy, who sported a fizzy brown afro, and happened to be wearing a pink bathrobe.

"Yeah..." said Carol, almost under her breath.

"Like..now?" Asked the brown hair guy.

"You guys up for it?" asked Sammy.

The two guys exchanged a quick glance before looking at Carol and Sammy again. Sammy was glorious, curvy in the right way, her body full but still firm with the energy of youth. Carol, despite the sarong that covered her body, was obviously pretty and in shape, and the perky breasts that pushed against the thin fabric promised to be delightful.

The young blond guy became suddenly very agitated.

"Okay, you guys have to stay right here, just, give me two minutes! One minute! I'll be right back!"

He took off running for the porte-potties.

"He really had to pee, hu," said Carol.

"Yeah," replied the brown haired, pink bathrobe wearing young man. He was darker than his friend, brown instead of tan, his features fuller, almost Middle Eastern.

"Do you have to pee?" asked Sammy.

"Yeah, but I can wait," he replied, tense.

"That's going to be uncomfortable once we're in there. You sure you don't want to go?" asked Carol, pointing at the nearby Porte-potties.

A wave of dread flooded the young man.

"Are you guys punking us? Are you going to leave if I go?" He asked, nervously.

"We'll be right here, I promise, " said Carol.

The young man started moving towards the porte-potty. "Promise?" he asked, slightly panicky.

Sammy pushed her breasts together and pouted.

"Just hurry," she said.

He took off like a shot. His friend was already running back, pulling up his shorts. They high-fived as they crossed path.

"Are you sure?" Carol asked Sammy, before the blond dude was within earshot.

"Hell yeah. And if we don't like it, we just walk away. But we stick together, right?" replied Sammy.

"Absolutely. You promise you're not going to think less of me or something? If we do stuff in there? What if I act like a huge slut?" asked Carol nervously.

Sammy chuckled.

"No judgement, no shame. Make me proud, " she replied.

Getting in was easy. They simply dropped their shoes in a pile, and after a brief lecture about hygiene and consent by a smiling attendant, they were let in. It was rather surreal, since all the while the attendant was casually sipping his coffee and telling them about the towels, Carol's mind was grabbing her by the ovaries and shouting "YOU ARE ABOUT TO HAVE AN ORGY!"

The inside of the tent was warm already, the air tinted red by the overhead fabric. The floor was a jumble of carpets on top of which pillows and a few low couches were scattered. There was no sound, apart for the heavy breathing and gentle moaning of a naked woman who was sitting on the couch, legs spread, while a man was gently nibbling at her clit.

Two other naked couples were lounging on the couches, watching, lazily touching each other. It was both intensely erotic and completely relaxed. They turned to look at the new arrivals before retuning their gaze to the moaning woman.

One of the men kept his eyes fixed on Sammy, which immediately turned her on. She was no longer nude on the street, she was naked in front of a stranger.

"Wow.." said the blond dude, under his breath, as he took in the scene.

Carol felt oddly and immediately comfortable. This was home, this was the place where no one was going to judge her for what she was about to do. She felt centered and calm, sure of her next actions, sure of her desires.

After a quick exchange of glances with Sammy, Carol took their dates by the hand, leading them towards the center of the dome. She turned to face them, draping her arms around their shoulders. She kissed the blond on the mouth, then the other young man. She returned to the blond, kissing him more deeply now, her tongue pushing his mouth open. Their hands started to roam across her body, pushing the sarong open, revealing long slivers of naked flesh. Carol went from one to the other, kissing them, pressing her body against them.

Finally she dropped to her knees.

Carol pulled down the shorts of the young blond man, and pushed off the ridiculous pink bathrobe off the other. She found two hard cocks bobbing in front of her face. Carol licked her lips before tentatively touching them, taking a cock in each hand.

Sammy sat a few feet away, watching. She opened her legs, making sure the other man was still watching her, making sure he had a clear line of sight to her pussy. She let her fingers flutter across the lips of her pussy.

One of the guys put his hand on Carol's head, pulling her towards his cock. She ducked under the hand, refusing the pressure. Instead she took long licks, from balls to tip, of each of the cocks, tasting them as if they were ice cream cones. She started a slow stroking of the two cocks, her eyes fixed on the pink shafts in front of her face, her hand moving smoothly up and down, cupping the sensitive tips.

Sammy had locked eyes with the man across the dome, who was watching her while idly stroking the belly of his female companion. He was lying on his side, propped up on his elbow, her lying on her back, head resting on her folded arm. Sammy could see his flaccid cock begin to thicken. His eyes were locked on her pussy. She pulled the lips of her sex apart, exposing the darker pink folds within it. Her finger tip grazed her clit, sending a shudder through her.

The young men were stroking Carol's shoulders, her back. One untied the sarong and it fell to the ground, revealing her body. She was petite, her body toned, her breasts high and round, tipped with brown little nipples. Her skin was tanned and smooth, apart from the triangles of pale untanned flesh that framed her breasts and pubis, evidence of her tanning habit, highlighting the small dark fan of fur that crowned the slit of her pussy.

The young blond man reached down and started to play with her breast.

Carol looked up at the two of them.

"I want you to fuck me," she said softly.

She laid back, right there in the middle of the dome, and spread her legs open. Her pussy blossomed open, revealing the wetness that oozed already from her depth.

The brown-haired guy ran towards a basket of condoms that had been thoughtfully left by the attendant. He tossed one to his blond friend.

Within seconds he was on his knees, properly sheathed, and placing the purple head of his cock at the entrance of Carol's wet pussy. She reached out to him, wrapping her legs around his waist, and pulled him in. They both cried out with pleasure.

He got the hint and started pumping in and out of her. Carol relaxed, letting her arms and legs drop. She looked at the other young man, reaching out to him. He approached, and she guided his hips to her face, his cock to her mouth. He groaned as her lips closed over the tip of his cock, her moans muffled by his cock as it slid deeper into her mouth. With one hand on his skinny ass, she pushed his cock into her mouth, sucking it hungrily.

Sammy had been distracted by that, and had momentarily forgotten her audience. It was incredibly hot to watch Carol, a friend, someone she had worked with for a few years now, so hungrily devour those cocks.

She was not the only one who was distracted. Everyone in the dome was watching Carol and her two studs. Even the woman who had been so pleasantly serviced was now cuddling with her man, watching.

One of the couple on the side moved. The woman, a tall and skinny brunette, crawled over to Carol. She laid on her stomach and took one of Carol's nipples in her mouth. Carol arched her back, shuddering at the new sensation. The woman started licking and sucking that little nipple, drawing it out with her teeth and lips, which made Carol squirm even more.

The brunette's partner moved forward, sitting on her legs. He was stroking and impressive cock back to full rigidity, watching Carol with that cock in her mouth, the other in her pussy.

He tilted his hips and slid his hard cock in his partner's pussy, from behind. She moaned, moving her hips in response. They started a slow rhythm as she continued to suck on Carol's nipple.

Sammy watched, legs wide open, her fingers flying over her clit, now completely caught up in the scene unfolding in front of her. Her large breasts heaved as her breath quickened.

The other coupe had shifted. It was obvious that he had slipped his cock into his partner's pussy, fucking her slowly from behind, watching hungrily over her shoulder as Carol and Sammy continued their show.

The woman on the couch crawled over to Sammy.

"Can I?" she asked softly.

Before she could fully understand the question, Sammy nodded yes. The woman crawled closer and dipped her head between Sammy's thighs. Her soft lips replaced Sammy's fingers on her clit. A warm tongue parted the slick lips of her pussy, making Sammy cry out. It was the first time a woman's tongue had been on her pussy. The moment, the feeling , the public nature of it all almost made her cum. The woman pushed deeper into her, pushing Sammy's legs wider open, digging her tongue deeper into Sammy's small and bald pink pussy.

The woman's partner approached. He lifted her hips up, placed his cock at the entrance of her pussy and started to push, hard, fucking her. Ass up and face down, the woman was pushed into Sammy's pussy with every thrust. Sammy could only lay back and enjoy as wave after wave of pleasure shot from her clit across her body. Sammy grabbed one of her own breasts and started tugging at her nipple. An orgasm was building, quickly, and it was going to be huge.

The dome was silent except for the wet sounds of flesh on flesh and ragged breathing.

The blond dude pumping away in Carol grunted, hunched over her, and came. He staggered back, pulling out of her with a wet plop. Carol moaned in disappointment. She immediately pushed the cock out of her mouth and pulled it towards her pussy, forcing the young man attached to it to scamper over her and place himself between her legs. He unrolled a condom and pushed in, his thin cock swallowed by the plump lips of her sex.

Carol moaned in pleasure. She kept her eyes screwed shut, focussed on her pleasure. She tugged at the head resting on her chest, pulling the woman up to her face, kissing her hungrily. They two women kissed and licked at each other's tongue, Carol holding on to the woman's face with both hands. The young man between her legs held on to her splayed knees, pushing them back, pushing deeper in to her pussy with each thrust. Carol moaned into the woman's mouth. He pushed harder, faster. He wasn't going to last much longer.

The woman's partner was barely moving, just slowly sliding his cock in her pussy, keeping hard. The young man between Carol's legs grunted and finished. He pulled back, dropping Carol's knees. Carol started to move her hips, her opened pussy like a hungry mouth looking for more food. Her thighs were streaked with lines of moist dust, her pussy opened, red and dripping wet.

That was the sign for the other man to move. He pulled out of his partner and stepped between Carol's legs. He knelt, pulling her hips to him. HIs partner stopped kissing Carol to turn her head and watch as he rolled a condom on his large cock. He placed the tip of it against Carol's pussy. She gasped. He pushed a bit, the thick head of his cock popping inside of her. His dick was thick, spreading her apart. His partner snaked a hand across Carol's belly, through her little patch of pubic hair and onto her pussy. She started to rub Carol's clit. He pushed. The whole length of his cock was swallowed by Carol's sex, her pussy lips distending around it.

Carol cried out. "Oh, fuuuuck.."

The man started to push back and forth, a deep long rhythm that he could easily sustain, a plowing that sent Carol in another world. Her back arched, her eyes rolled in the back of her head and she started emitting a low continuous moan.

Sammy was not watching anymore. She had grabbed hold of the woman's head and pulled it deeper onto her pussy. Sammy was shaking uncontrollably, orgasm after orgasm shooting from her pussy to her head, to her feet, and everything in between. The rest of the world had stopped existing as her body glowed and pulsed with pleasure.

The woman's partner was hanging on to her hips, pounding his cock into her from behind. A final burst of pleasure shook Sammy, her clit now on fire, over-sensitive.

Sammy had to finally pull the woman off of her pussy, kissing her, tasting her own pussy juices on the woman's tongue. They held each other as Sammy caught her breath. The woman collapsed on top of her, her man still pounding her from behind. Sammy held her in her arms, feeling her body shake with every thrust. Finally an orgasm racked the woman's body as her man clutched her hips, spasmed, came deep inside of her before collapsing to the side.

The three became a sweaty entangled mass of arms and legs, their breath ragged and heavy. They played there for a few moments, calming down. Sammy turned her head to watch what Carol was up to,

Carol was digging her fingernails into the man's chest as he pounded her pussy with his large cock. The woman's hand was flying across Carol's clit as she whispered words of encouragements to her. But Carol didn't need any encouragements. Her head was thrown back and her mouth wide open, almost as open as her legs. She had wrapped them around the man's waist, pulling him deeper inside of her, fucking herself with his large cock. Suddenly she shook and flayed around as if hit by an electric shock, convulsing over and over again.

The guy pulled out, whipping the condom off his cock. He placed his cock against the outside of the wet lips of Carol's pussy, the shaft sliding back and forth on her clit. Carol gasped. The woman moved down from Carol's nipple to take her man's cock in her mouth. He thrusts once, twice, before sending jets of cum down her throat. Carol curled into a ball, pulling herself off that cock that had so thoroughly speared her, that was now pressed against her clit. She fell in a fetal position on her side, trembling.

The two young men they had walked in with were sitting on the couch, still naked, watching Carol recover. They looked both aroused and shocked, hesitant but hungry for more.

Sammy giggled.

She got up slowly, extricating herself from the pile of happy sweaty people she was under.

She crossed over to Carol to stroke her back. Carol was breathing deep, but seemed utterly relaxed.

Sammy continued over to the two guys on the couch, finally standing in front of them. She leaned over and, first one, then the other, held their head in her hands and kissed them on the lips, slow and deep. She made sure her breasts brushed against their chests as she did so.

"Thank you," she said. "We need to go back to our friends now."

"Where are you guys camping?" asked the brown hair lad.

Sammy hesitated.

"This was a lot of fun, so let's keep it as a great memory, okay?" she said. "Who knows, maybe we'll run into each other again."

"Fuck yeah," blurted the blond.

Sammy stood in front of them for a second, a small grin on her lips. She ran her hands over her curves, pushing her tits together, pulling at her nipples.

She placed a foot on the couch, on the side of the seated young dudes, exposing her pink pussy fully. Her hands drifted down, her fingers pulling her sex open, playing in the wet folds.

"Just remember this next time you jerk off.." she said, her voice low.

And with that she turned away, leaving the two young men with raging erections.

She helped Carol to her feet, grabbed the crumpled sarong, and waved goodbye to everyone.

The sun was a shock after the subdued red light inside the dome. The walk back was not a walk of shame, hardly. Sammy had a big grin on her face, her body tingling. Part of her wanted to fuck those boys, but another part felt more powerful now. Her sexual pleasure was hers, not something she had to share. The looks she got as she walked back to the camp, still naked, streaks of wet dust on her thighs, sent little electric bolts from nipples to clit.

Carol...well Carol was trying to walk normally. She had tied her sarong back around her neck, more by habit than anything. She felt utterly relaxed, exhausted physically but her mind racing. She felt slightly frightened that all she could think about was going back there. She could have taken more, had wanted more. She took a deep breath to try to calm herself. There would be other occasions. And anyway her pussy was sore and needed a break.

They arrived at the camp just as Anne And Sarah were bicycling back to camp. Anne was topless, her big heavy breasts swinging as she pedaled. What looked suspiciously like traces of cum were splattered across them.

"What have you been up to?" Asked Sarah as she dismounted from her bike. Of the four of them she was the only one who looked fresh and clean. No trace of sperm on her.

Carol launched excitedly on a retelling of their morning adventure as they walked into the shelter of their camp.

Sammy thought about pancakes. It was time for breakfast and she had developed an appetite. They had all day ahead of them, plenty of time for more fun.
