The Empress sat in perfect seiza with two of her handmaidens beside her. Like Crawford’s twins, the handmaidens were dressed in the same colours of kimono, each contrasting the other, so where one was red trimmed in gold, the other was gold trimmed in red, but both were completely different colourings. The one to the right of the empress had large dark eyes and long black hair, where the one to her left was honey blonde with large blue eyes. The empress herself wore brilliant midnight blue worked with silver and lilac and other colours that shimmered in the candle light. She wore her hair shorter than even the field workers, shorter even than Rukia wore hers, perhaps only as much as finger width in length. It suggested that she often wore wigs and that she found this shorter length preferable.

Naoe had, as was his own want, made Aya beautiful. There had even been new tabi, because Naoe had decided that the ones he usually wore for formal occasions, and Aya couldn’t remember one of those, were looking a bit yellowed. Aya had thought them brilliant white, but it had not been enough for Naoe, you are meeting the empress, he hissed. The same socks had been perfect, however, for meeting the emperor, hush up you, Naoe had said, he’ll be picturing you without your clothes on anyway.

If the emperor’s hungry gaze had made Aya uncomfortable, he belonged to Crawford and in many ways expected Crawford to protect his virtue, but the empress’ gaze was cold. “Aya no Bara,” she said, and her voice was rich and deep, “of course you know my handmaidens, Rei and Minako.” She gestured with a slight nod of her head to first the dark girl and then the blonde.

“No, majesty,” Aya said quietly, “I have not had the pleasure. My master keeps me close so I do not know the stars of your court.” He did not raise his eyes from the tatami, which was hard and new, because there would be nothing but the very best for the empress.

“You intrigue me, Aya no Bara,” she said then, “if for no more reason than you are clearly the centre of the current storm of politics, but you do no even seem to raise your eyes. I wonder then if you are as magnificent in bed as the rumours claim, that so many powerful men are willing to kill and die in your name.”

“I belong only to my master, he is jealous of my attentions. These men who speak of my prowess are lying, for my master does not and I have lain with no other.” There was a thread of anger in his voice and she noticed it for she smiled with lips painted the colour of old blood. “My attentions and affections belong only to him.”

The empress laughed. “Even forbidden fruits get plucked, and roses, no matter how sharp their thorns, left on the branch wither and die.”

“Perhaps, majesty,” Aya said finally raising his eyes to meet her, “but are they not still beautiful whilst their petals brown, and is it not then that they smell the most sweet.”

“I could have your head for your impertinence, boy.” The Empress said in a voice like ice.

“Yes,” Aya said, “but I am Crawford’s toy, and if you took my head you would make of him an enemy who can see the future, someone who would happily take years to bring about your downfall and you would lie awake at night knowing that it was coming but never knowing when, and it would eat at you until your beauty was no more than a rose hip on a branch with thorns and never know if only that was to be his revenge.”

Minako-hime laughed and clapped her hands together delightedly. “Rukia was right,” she said with a brilliant, blinding grin on her unpainted lips, “there is a pair of balls under all that silk.”

Rei-hime flicked her companion a dark gaze and then rolled her eyes. It seemed the two were opposites in temper as well as looks. “Mina,” she chided softly, “we must remember Heika is pissed at the boy, we must not be seen to be encouraging him, you know how she gets.”

“Yes,” Minako-hime said and her tone was sweet and fond, “she can be quite unbearable.” Her smile then was a conspirator’s offering Aya an intimacy but Aya had known Hikarin and she had seemed sweet and fond until Aya lay dying. Women used fond and sweet until they got what they wanted, Rukia did it, why shouldn’t Minako-hime.”I am my master’s servant, what people do in my name is not of my choosing.” Aya’s tone was careful, though inside he was seething. He wanted very little more than to take one of the knives from the table in front of him and to stab her. This woman was keeping his sister from him, because she could.

“Then it is not because you are a scion of the House of Sleep.”

Aya snorted. “Milady, you are mistaken, I cannot help you.”

The empress slammed her tea cup down hard on the table. “You will do as I wish, and you dare to presume what it is that I want.”

“It is not that I presume what you want.” Aya said calmly, “it is that I know you cannot offer her anything in exchange. That is how I dare, milady, you have heard of the House of Sleep, you have heard of it’s miracles.” He did his best to keep his tone even, “but most of those are lies, I have been to the House of Sleep, and I know some of it’s mysteries, but I think you need to understand that she is a priestess with the magic of the god of death. In exchange for those miracles she takes pain and she engraves it upon her person, so she wears the pain and grief of others, and the miracle she offers is that she takes it, that it becomes hers, and when she has run out of skin then they will engrave it on her eyes, and take her down into the earth where she will be bound in sleep, like all the other priestesses before her, and because of her sacrifice, because of her pain, Izanami keeps the doors to the Underworld open for those who die. That is her miracle, milady, if you were sick then she might be able to take your sickness. If you were grieving then she could take your grief. There are three such temples, the House of Light, the House of Sleep and the House of Noise and thunder. Can neither of those offer what it is you wish?”

The empress threw her tea cup but Aya did not flinch, even when the tea splattered against his chest.

“He is either very brave, or very stupid.” Rei-hime said.

“I am inclined to stupid." Minako-hime chimed to her left.

“My master said that I am not bright, that the gods were kind only to my form.” Aya answered calmly.

“Crawford-onmyoji is certainly clever enough for both of you.” The Empress said, leaning back against the arms of her chair. It was merely arms and a back, that she might sit on her pillow and rule. “But it is not like him to dally with trinkets or to be distracted by something as simple as beauty.”

“Though I may presume to speak for Rao-sama, as my kinswoman, I dare not presume to speak such for my master, for he is not as kind as she who speaks for the Lady of Death." He kept his posture still, like a matsuri doll, like the dolls left behind in the Fujimiya house. In his head he repeated over and over a mantra of still, silent, like a matsuri doll, still, silent, like a matsuri doll.

“And if I asked her for beauty?” The Empress asked.

“Milady is very beautiful.” Aya answered calmly, “why would she wish for more when she is already thus blessed?”

“And if I asked her for power?” The empress asked.

“Milady is the empress,” he said, “why would you want more?” That question at least was genuine.

“You have met my husband, you have met his doxies, you are aware of his predilections.” It was not a question. “How am I to compare with the beauty of a young boy?”

“By giving him a son." Aya answered, “for such is your second duty, your first must be to serve as a bridge between your husband and your people, the second must be to provide him with an heir, both of which you fulfil admirably, what does it matter if your husband lies with boys, they do not threaten your son. Do you not also have lovers with which you cannot have children?” He sounded genuine but truly he was fishing for information, Crawford had told him to bring back everything he learned, and he intended to, but first he had to learn something. The way both Rei-hime and Minako-hime blushed Aya knew that was true. “It is not forbidden, is that what you wish for my lady, Rao? For she is lovely also, and in a life engraved upon her in pain a little kindness would be a great gift.” He was trying to keep his voice even, behaving like he was his mother, like he was Hikarin.

Yet the empress had seen through him once, it was likely that she would again.

When Omemie had asked for Aya to kill her it was the empress who had known that he both could and would.

“Are you just a trinket, Aya no Bara, or are you a stone on this board?”

“I play go with my master because it amuses him.” He answered, tilting his head like he had seen the courtesans do, the way that Hikarin had when she had played the men in Crawford’s court, the way she had when she had played at being stupid. “He always beats me.” That didn’t need to be a lie. Crawford did always win.

“There are very few men alive who could beat Crawford at go," Minako-hime said quietly, “he has a very unfair advantage.” Rei-hime laughed.

“Did he tell you your future, my lady?” he asked tilting his head in that feline manner, the soft gesture of it, before he licked at the rouge on his lips. “For he will not tell me mine.”

“I am told,” Rei-hime said with a lilt in her voice, “that there is no joy in a world that holds no surprises and only sorrow in it’s wake. but there are many things which hold no surprise, we know that come spring that the cherry blossoms will come, and winter will bring the snow, we know that when a woman lies with a man her belly might quicken with child, and thus she is given value in his eyes past when her beauty is faded. We know that that which is written will outlive us all, and the emperor loses patience in the beauty of his concubines long before it has faded and they rise into the wisdom of men.”

“You assume men have wisdom.” Minako-hime said and poured sake into her cup with a delicate flash of white forearm. It was an elegant and almost unconscious gesture of sexuality. “and they are worth more than their seed.”

“Perhaps,” The empress said with an arched brow, holding out a sake bowl for Minako-hime to fill it, “they can see the future.”