A Day at the Pool
by Draggo469©

It was a sadistically hot summer afternoon – the kind of relentless, 
steaming-hot furnace that provided a taste of what hell should be like. Hot – 
incredibly fucking hot. The entire world seemed hushed and muted, as even the 
birds sought refuge from the rippling waves of heat that scorched everything 
they touched.

It was perfect, absolutely perfect.

Cindy's skin was moist with perspiration in an instant as she walked from her 
car across the parking lot to the entrance to the swimming pool at the country 
club. The heat boiling up from the asphalt hit her like a sledgehammer after the 
cool, air-conditioned interior of her car. The hot breeze played with her long 
dark hair, giving her a steamy, wanton, on-the-prowl look.

Her tight, cropped white T-shirt clung perfectly to her skin as if painted on, 
without a single wrinkle to mar the seductive curves of her body. The swell of 
her breasts and her nipples were clearly outlined through the taut fabric; 
proudly visible through the thin cotton. 

She walked slowly, savoring the heat, and the anticipation.

Cindy's short, tight, black spandex microskirt provided a distinct contrast to 
the white T-shirt and the deeply tanned flesh of her body. It hugged her ass 
like a second skin, while the indecently high hemline barely touched the tops of 
her thighs.

Heads turned and eyes locked onto her body as she made her entrance into the 
clubhouse; each man mentally undressing her minimal outfit, and each woman 
viewing her with disdain - or as formidable competition for those hungry, 
devouring male eyes. Her mere presence roiled the languid, heat-suffused 
atmosphere in the clubhouse into sudden alertness, and the mental shock waves 
rippled outwards like the circular waves expanding from where a pebble had been 
tossed at the glassy surface of a pond. Only the children were oblivious to the 
incredible, completely sexual creature in their midst.

Cindy made eye contact with each of the men as she passed; smiling that 
patented, yet indescribable, combination of innocence and seduction at each one.

Good afternoon, Sir. I know you want me. Is that your wife over there, watching 
you – watching me?

Oh, look at the two of you! I know you're talking about me. You both want me. Do 
you want to do me together? Two hard cocks for this little wisp of a girl? Mmmm, 
I think I'm the lucky one today.

Hi there, baby. Would you like to fuck me today? You do? In the ass? How wicked 
is that?

She wondered if any of them realized that she had absolutely nothing on under 
the tiny black skirt, with her smooth-shaven pussy being caressed by the hot, 
swirling breeze as it blew puffs of hot air up between her legs. She guessed, 
not. Who would be so bold as to wear such a dangerously short skirt with no 
panties, not even a thong?

As she entered the women's locker room her nipples jumped up, fully erect, as 
the cool air-conditioned atmosphere hit her body. Going to a locker, she 
gracefully peeled off her shirt and then slid the snug skirt down over her hips 
in a single, long, fluid motion; and wiggling her ass in a slow demonstration of 
her talents as a shameless flirt.

Anything for an audience.

Cindy heard a murmur of disapproval from the other women in the locker room as 
they watched her place the two tiny pieces of fabric in a pile on the bench. 
Naked now, she stretched provocatively, daring them to check out her deep brown, 
all-over tan, unmarked by a single bikini line, zero in on her smooth, bald, and 
also deeply tanned pussy. Everything she did, veering form subtle to overt, told 
the story that she was a woman who was frequently nude, and who was very 
comfortable with displaying her body in front of others.

While she stood there, still completely nude, Cindy reached into her purse and 
took out the ankle bracelets that he had given her. She fastened the elegant 
silver chains around each ankle, the small diamonds flashing and sparkling in 
the light.

Then she took her new swimsuit out of her purse, and put her clothes and the 
small pouch into the locker. This was her newest, most daring bikini ever; the 
one he had bought for her on their recent shopping trip, when she had spent the 
entire afternoon modeling a variety of provocative attire for his approving eye. 
This had been one of his selections, an immediate, erection-producing hit when 
she had modeled it for him in the swimwear boutique, in front of his and the 
other patrons' admiring gaze.

It was a brilliant white color, a hue that helped to draw even more attention, 
if that was possible, to her flawless, deeply tanned skin and her lithe, 
succulent young woman's body.

Cindy stepped into the tiny string bikini-style thong bottom and pulled it up 
over her pussy and ass. The strings rose up at an angle on the sides to rest on 
top of her slender hips. The small triangle of fabric in front barely covered 
her mound, so small, in fact, that it would be apparent to everyone that she was 
clean-shaven. It would be hard for more than a small wisp of hair to hide under 
the tiny patch of cloth. 

The rear of the bikini was adjustable, permitting her to either stretch the 
fabric out on the string to cover close to half of her ass cheeks when fully 
smoothed out; or it could be scrunched, accordion style, to just barely fill and 
cover the lovely valley between the firm, rounded hills of her ass.

Cindy decided to be "demure" for now, and she smoothed the seat of the bikini 
out over her ass. It would still be the most daring bikini bottom at the club, 
by far, even at the "modesty" setting.

The top consisted of nothing more than a couple of strings and two tiny 
triangular, concave-shaped cups for her breasts. Like the bikini bottom, the 
cups were adjustable. They were able to slide inwards and outwards on their 
string, and the bottom of the cups could also be stretched or scrunched, for 
either a daring, or a barely-holding-anything-in setting. As Cindy snugged her 
perfectly-shaped, little-girl tits into the top and adjusted the strings, she 
selected a "modesty" setting. Even so, her nipples were just barely hidden 
behind the hem near the tops of the fabric triangles.

As Cindy prepared to make her entrance into the pool area, she gave herself a 
long look in the full-length mirror in the locker room. One of the things he had 
insisted upon when specifying their requirements to the saleswoman at the 
swimwear store was that the bikini had to be unlined, and made of a thin, 
clinging body-revealing fabric; that exposed and highlighted every curve and 
contour of her flesh, beneath the minimal coverage of the suit.

Cindy remembered how hot and wet she had gotten just hearing his word tell the 
woman how he wanted her bikini to look, while she stood next to him, her arm in 
his, in the shop. "I want something that will hide nothing, and highlight and 
accent every nuance of her body. Something shameless and sinful and daring. I 
want Original Sin – in spandex and nylon."

Modeling it that first time, in the boutique, had been incredibly thrilling – 
better than being naked - almost. The shop girl had blushed beet-red when she 
took the bikini from her to wrap up in the pretty gold-colored box after he had 
pronounced it to be perfect. It had been that wet.

Now, as she stood there, combing her hair, Cindy could see the outline of her 
pussy lips and her slit clearly defined between her legs. Her nipples and her 
rings were also visible behind the tiny cups of the top, and even the dark 
circles of her aureoles were discernable under the gauzy, translucent fabric. 

She smiled back at the lovely sensual visage from the mirror. When she emerged 
from the water of the pool, she would, literally, be a dripping wet 
advertisement for sex; sure to elicit a painful erection from every man within a 
hundred feet of her.

Cindy put on her dark, impenetrable sunglasses and picked up her beach towel, 
her tanning oil, and her cell phone. She was ready to fuck with the minds of 
every man at the pool.

Stepping out from the shadows of the locker room into the bright sun of the pool 
deck area, she made her entrance. 

She paused there, in the middle of the milling group of people congregated 
there, to ostentatiously adjust the strings to her bikini bottom and to make a 
show of separating her bra cups a little bit farther apart; to expose a bit more 
of her breasts from where they nestled precariously behind the tiny swaths of 
fabric.

It was as if time stood still for a single, infinitely long moment. 
Conversations stopped in mid-sentence. Heads turned. Eyes widened. And a woman 
walked right into a man who had stopped dead in his tracks, like a deer caught 
in the headlights of an onrushing car, cursing him under her breath when she 
realized what had happened to him.

And the curtain comes up.

Following her dramatic entrance, Cindy made a complete circuit of the pool desk, 
looking for the perfect lounger to stretch out on to soak up the sun and to 
display herself. She moved slowly and deliberately, while feigning a casual, 
disinterested air. 

It wouldn't do to be obvious about it. The aura of an innocent who hadn't the 
slightest idea of the commotion she was causing – improbable as it was – was the 
effect she wanted. And she played the role flawlessly, the perfect balance 
between innocence and shamelessness, conveyed without a hint of the crass or the 
lewd. 

Several times, she stopped to slip a finger beneath the seat of her bikini 
bottom to adjust its fit. However, unlike most women, she did not tug the edge 
of the seat to increase the coverage on her ass. Instead, she playfully ran her 
finger under the hem, and slid it a millimeter or so inwards, towards her ass 
crease, to ratchet upwards the amount of flesh that was displayed.

Cindy finally decided on a recliner near the lifeguard tower, where a solidly 
built young man in a pair of tight bikini trunks was perched, scanning the pool 
for misbehaving little kids. It was partially screened by a swath of flowering 
shrubbery from the frenzied activity in the pool – the perfect location. 

She took a spot right in front of a handsome older man sitting on a recliner, 
who pretended to read a magazine. She knew that he was really taking in every 
inch of her proudly flaunted body, and imagining what was hidden behind those 
few scraps of cloth.

Moving with the elegance and grace of a dancer, Cindy spread out her blanket, 
and sat on the recliner, facing the man with the magazine, her legs straddling 
the seat. Looking the man directly in the eyes through her dark, nearly opaque 
sunglasses; she watched him as his eyes shifted repeatedly between her cunt, her 
tits, and her face. Then she opened her bottle of tanning oil and began to 
massage the oil into her skin, turning her flesh into a glistening, shimmering 
vision of sensuality.

After she had covered every inch of exposed skin with a generous application of 
oil, Cindy smiled briefly at the man to hook his attention – as if he wasn't 
already completely overcome with his fantasies of having her. Still looking 
directly at him, she poured more oil onto her hand, and then proceeded to oil 
her nipples and her tits behind the tiny bra. 

Sighing deeply, she massaged the oil into her skin and teased her nipples into a 
visibly excited state. Then, she cupped her hand and splashed more oil into her 
palm. Pausing a moment for dramatic effect and to ensure that she had his 
complete attention, her hand descended to the center of her womanhood, where her three middle fingers disappeared behind the small triangle of fabric. Her thumb 
and her pinkie finger framed the white cloth, as it was far too narrow to cover 
all five of her fingers.

Cindy slid her fingers up and down her pussy, as she lubricated herself with the 
oil.

The man watched, mesmerized, as his eyes followed the outlines of Cindy's 
fingers as they undulated and slithered beneath the wet and now-sheer fabric of 
the thong. Bolder now, she briefly dipped a finger into her cunt, to draw her 
own lubricant out, while she masturbated with her slippery, well-oiled fingers.

Then, knowing that she had him in the palm of her hand – no, he's hold it in his 
hand - she turned away from the man to lay down on her belly, her feet and ass 
pointed at the bulging cock that she saw outlined in his boxer style trunks. 

Now, let the show really begin.

As she settled into a comfortable position, Cindy spread her legs apart and 
dangled her feet over the sides of the recliner. The man now had a clear view of 
her minimally covered pussy, and the outlines of her labia and her slit, showing 
wetly through the sheer, wet fabric of her thong. She made a show of unfastening 
the strings on her top, to avoid getting even the slightest hint of a tan line on her back and neck.

Now. He's mine now. Completely mine.

She began her show, to tease and torture her helpless victim.

Like an insect stuck on a pin, on a display board. Nailed into place and unable 
to escape – pinned there by his cock.

First, she placed her hands on the strings of her bikini bottom. She pulled them 
higher over her hips, stretching the already taut fabric covering her pussy even 
tighter. The slender swath of cloth covering her labia contracted a bit more, 
narrowing the coverage between her legs. Then, she placed the index fingers of 
her hand under the sheer white cloth that was struggling to cover her nut-brown, 
flawless ass, and slid it further into the crack between her luscious globes, 
transforming the thong bottom into more of a G-string than a bikini.

Without even a glance over her shoulder, Cindy knew with complete certainty that 
he was fantasizing about what was hidden behind that scrap of fabric, and on how 
much he wanted to touch it, kiss it, lick it – and fuck it.

Do you like that? You want to ram your cock into my cunt, don't you? I know you 
want to.

Cindy lifted up her ass and placed her arms underneath her belly, her hands 
resting under the mound of her pussy. Feigning sleepiness, she pretended to nap. 
To everyone except the man directly behind her, she was dozing in the sun, 
oblivious to everyone around her who was gawking at how she so wantonly, yet 
casually, displayed her hard, brown body.

Visible only to him, her fingers began to play with her pussy. 

She started to masturbate, running her fingers lightly over the outside of the 
cloth that now barely covered her clean-shaven pussy. Her index finger danced 
provocatively up and down the now sharply defined relief of her cunt lips while 
her other hand was under her mound, fingering her clit. 

Mmmm, yeah, Mister, watch this. I'm doing this all for you, you know. I'm your 
private show, your secret fantasy-fuck, for you and nobody else.

Cindy slowly clenched and unclenched her ass cheeks to heighten the wickedly 
sinful sensations she was arousing in her body. The sun beat down on her nearly 
naked flesh, the oil and the sweat on her skin combining to make her as slickly 
wet on the outside as she was on the inside now.

You could be my daddy, you know. I bet you have a daughter, probably just about 
my age, too. Would you like to fuck someone the same age as your little girl?

Cindy was very turned on now, and utterly uninhibited from the magical effect 
that her fingers were having on her now very-wet pussy. The knowledge that she 
was masturbating for this unknown man was a powerful aphrodisiac. She did truly 
enjoy playing the part of the wanton slut and of the cock-teaser.

Feeling bolder and empowered by her lust, Cindy refastened the strings on her 
top, and rolled over. She raised the back of the recliner, so she was sitting up 
and facing the man, who by now had given up any pretense of reading his 
magazine. He pretended to be sleeping, behind the sunglasses he was now wearing, but the immense erection in his trunks betrayed him.

Emboldened by her heat-fueled lust, Cindy decided to take the step from 
cock-teaser to cock-torturer. This was going to be an afternoon this man would 
never forget.

Water Torture

Deciding to surprise him, Cindy swung her feet to the ground, facing him, and 
rose to her feet. She stretched her arms above her head accompanied by an 
exaggerated yawn; and then bent forward from the waist, pretending to adjust her 
ankle jewelry while she watched her target out of the corner of her eye. 

His gaze was locked onto her lewdly swaying, almost-naked breasts. After 
adjusting her chains, Cindy straightened up, moving ever so slowly and running 
her hands up her legs. When her fingers reached her pussy, she took two fingers 
on one hand and reached inside her tiny thong and pulled it down slightly, as if 
she needed to smooth it out over her cunt. 

The tiny triangle of cloth was so small that her fingernails extended out the 
other side of the thong. Instead of adjusting the fabric that had been pulled up 
into her slit, Cindy slipped a finger into her pussy to get it wet with her 
juices. Then she tugged on the strings to pull the thong even higher and tighter 
over her labia.

Then, still looking directly at her victim, she sucked the finger she had just 
withdrawn from her pussy into her mouth, thrusting in and out several times and 
then wagging it at her victim.

Yes, please do. Come with me. I want to play with you. Catch me if you can...

She giggled at the lewd double ententre of her unspoken words. Come with 
me... indeed – if you can.

Then Cindy turned and walked towards the pool, her hips swaying provocatively as 
she paraded in front of the awed onlookers with a slow, sensuous stroll.

She sat on the edge of the pool, waving her feet in the water to test the 
temperature. Then she slipped into the pool, and swam underwater to the other 
side, gliding effortlessly beneath the sun-dappled wavelets. Reaching the other 
side, she surfaced and tossed her golden tresses in the air, sending sun-kissed 
diamonds of water flying in all directions, before sculling over to where an 
underwater jet pulsed freshly circulated water into the pool. 

Backing up so that her ass was directly in front of the turbulent stream of 
water, she calculated her next move, and waited.

She extended her arms out and laid them on the sill trough of the pool to 
support herself as she let her legs float out in front of her. As her body 
floated just beneath the surface; her breasts with their tiny white canopies 
rose out of the water in front of her eyes like soft brown, snow capped islands 
in an azure sea. Cindy flexed her belly muscles to let her toes and her pussy 
undulate in and out of the water, just breaking the surface so she could feel 
the water wash over them as she slowly levered herself up and down.

All the while, Cindy watched the man on the other side of the pool, and the 
lifeguard on his tower. She met the admiring gaze of the young stud sitting on 
the lifeguard chair, and she winked at him to acknowledge his unspoken 
compliment. His hand was in his lap, underneath a strategically placed towel.

Don't fall off your chair, baby.

The man she had been teasing had taken her bait. He was getting up from his 
chair now. He turned away from Cindy momentarily while he attempted to rearrange his cock so that his erection was not so prominent. When he turned back towards her and dropped the towel he had been holding to hide what he had been doing, Cindy saw that it had been an utterly futile attempt at modesty. It appeared 
like he had a long, thick sausage in the front of his suit. She guessed that the 
tip was just barely hidden by the suit, with his penis forced straight downwards 
in his attempt to hide it.

Come to me. Come to me, come and see what I've got for you. I want it. Yes, 
truly, I want it.

She waved her toes and cunt and tits up and down as she rode the small waves 
churned up by the maelstrom of children at the other end of the pool while she 
silently urged him onwards, beckoning him closer to his fate. the pool while she 
silently urged him onwards, beckoning him closer to his fate.


Yes. That's it. Time to get wet....

He eased himself into the pool and began to swim across to Cindy. He swam 
gracelessly, splashing and flailing about, while he pretended that he was 
swimming across the pool as a means of exercise. To avoid a direct advance, he 
aimed for the wall near Cindy, but a few feet away. 

His bow wave washed over Cindy's breasts, inundating their white-covered tips 
with the tsunami of his approach. When he finally reached the wall, he stood to 
shake the water out of his hair and eyes, and then he looked directly at Cindy, 
giving her a tentative smile, not sure exactly what she intended.

Never been seduced by a mermaid before? When was the last time a hot little 
hardbody looked at you like this? Go ahead – pinch yourself. And stroke that 
big, hard cock for me. I can see you doing it, you know. I know what you're 
doing. I'm the one doing that to you. That's my hand holding your cock. Isn't 
that what you want? You want my small, soft hand wrapped around that big, fat 
prick, stroking it. 

Have you ever shot off in a girl's hand underwater? Surrounded by a hundred 
people? You know some of them will be watching. But you don't care, do you? Not 
any more. You can't stop – not now...

Looking slyly in his direction and flashing her gorgeous smile at him again; 
Cindy nodded her head towards the other side of the pool, from where they had 
just come. She propelled her body away from the wall in a slow sinuous glide, 
and dove beneath the surface. Her ass's twin globes, glistening in the sun as 
they rose into the air before she submerged, were the last thing the man saw as 
Cindy's body disappeared beneath the nearly still water.

Halfway across the pool, Cindy surfaced and looked back to see if he had 
followed her. He was slowly floating and stroking his way across the pool in her 
direction, threading his way among the flotilla of small children that suddenly 
coalesced in front of him.

Smiling at him again, Cindy submerged again.

Not knowing which way she had gone underwater, the man stopped and stood in the center of the pool, watching and waiting for her to reappear. 

Unknown to him, Cindy had reversed course, and was swimming back towards him, 
skimming the bottom and zig-zagging around the flailing pairs of small legs 
above her, and watching for his tree trunk legs to appear in the water. When she 
spotted him, she swam directly at him. Flutter kicking harder; she accelerated, 
still completely submerged. She was coming at him from the side, making a flank 
attack. She was sure that he had no idea where she was.

You're mine, now. All mine.

Cindy passed directly behind him. As she glided past him, she reached between 
his legs to squeeze his cock. 

Gotcha! Mmmm, very hard. 

Then, she propelled herself forward with a strong kick, to surface just beyond 
his reach. This time, when she surfaced, she rolled over onto her back, to begin 
a slow backstroke towards the side of the pool again. Her arms floated in the 
water, gently sculling herself while her legs float on the surface, trailing 
behind her. Her breasts and her pussy glided along the surface with the water 
swirling around them and over them like small islands caught in a tidal current. 


Fuck me now, oh god, please fuck me now.

Cindy arched her head backwards so she could see the approaching wall behind 
her. She saw the lifeguard, upside down, on his tower directly above her.

Still a few feet away from the wall, she paused in mid-glide, and reached down 
to her bikini bottom and pulled on the strings to snug it up even higher and 
tighter over her slit and to hide as much of the rear panel in the crease in her 
ass. 

The lifeguard grinned at her as he watched her from behind his dark glasses, his 
hand moving on his lap beneath his towel.

Hi, there. Like the show?

Cindy blew him a kiss as she reached out to touch the wall. Then she hoisted 
herself up to the pool deck next to the lifeguard tower. She stood there for a 
moment, letting the water cascade down her hair and trickle down her body. 
Again, she adjusted her bikini bottom to get the maximum exposure. 

Looking up at the lifeguard, she adjusted her top, lifting and resettling her 
breasts behind the tiny triangles of sheer white fabric, and giving him a brief 
glimpse of her nipples and the flashing silver of her twin rings, as she gently 
tucked each tit into its tiny white cradle. 

She tilted her head back and blew him a kiss. I knew you would like that.

Her suit was even more translucent now that it was wet. The chill of the water 
had turned her nipples into large, prominent, protruding white bullets, poking 
through the thin filmy fabric, and making a shameless display of her rings. And 
her cunt lips and her slit were clearly outlined as well.

Once she was done preening for the lifeguard, Cindy turned her attention back to 
the pool. The man was now at the wall nearby, looking up at her with a look that 
veered from awe and lust to anguish and frustration.

Pretending not to notice him, Cindy walked slowly back to her lounge chair. She 
rolled her hips as she walked, to make a pronounced, lewd display of her ass for 
the man.

Come on. I'm not done with you yet.

She reseated herself on the lounge and toweled the water off her body, and 
combed out her hair.

A minute later he returned to his seat directly across from her.

Cindy saw out of the corner of her eye that he had lost none of his erection's 
vigor in the cool water of the pool. Smiling to herself, she put on her dark 
sunglasses again, raised the back of the lounger to a halfway position, and 
settled down to continue her game.

Moving in for the Kill

Cindy took out her bottle of oil and began to recoat her body. Soon, every inch 
of skin glistened and glowed in the summer sun. Her body was silky soft and 
smooth, and fragrant with the scent of vanilla - a well-lubricated machine, 
finely tuned and ready to be used.

She stretched and relaxed and started to stroke her left nipple through the thin 
fabric covering it. She played with the nipple and its ring, in a slow, almost 
absent-minded manner. She pulled and twisted the silver circle, teasing her 
nipple into an enflamed, extremely sensitive state. The other fingers on her 
hand lightly stroked the exposed skin on the underswell of her breast, beneath 
the tiny bikini top. 

I'm so hot. Hot for you. You know I want it so bad.

The fingers on her other hand traced her thong's string from hip to hip, feeling 
the stretchy nylon gently rub against her flesh as she fondled it, stroking it 
softly to feel every nuance of texture. She lifted the thong's strings up, away 
from her belly, and away from her cunt; so that she could see the soft, pink 
folds of flesh, shaded by the triangular tent suspended above her pussy. 

Cindy tried to imagine what it would look like after her clit had been pierced 
to receive a ring, and a chain. The idea of a round, hard silvery circle of 
metal sticking out from between those sensitive pink lips was intoxicating.

Fuck me. I need to be fucked. You know I want it, so bad.

She felt like she was melting under the relentless force of the sun's rays and 
the hot, still air that surrounded her. Her body had entered a quiet, dream-like 
state from the effects of the oil, the sun, her fingers, and the soft voices and 
splashing sounds coming from the nearby pool. The drone of the cicadas in the 
nearby trees serenaded her, singing quiet rasping songs of insect lust as they 
thrummed and buzzed their mating calls. 

Cindy watched him through heavily lidded eyes. His hand was beneath the towel he 
had draped across his lap. It moved almost imperceptibly, up and down, as he 
fondled his erection. He had had it out – she was sure of it – sticking out of 
his hiked-up boxers like a weapon aimed right at her.

After floating in this dream-like state for a long period of time, Cindy swam 
back up to the surface of consciousness, and decided that it was time to bring 
this little drama to its conclusion. 

It must be getting painful by now. Do you want to come? Do you want to put it in 
me? Are you going to shove it between my legs - in my soft, juicy cunt? Or are 
you going to drill my mouth with it?

Cindy raised her knees and spread them wide so she could apply more oil to her 
feet and legs. She massaged the oil into her skin all the way up to her pussy. 
She was looking right at him, daring him to turn away.

You want to do this, don't you? Your hands on me, kneading my flesh, feeling my 
muscles and my bones beneath your fingers. Your fingers working their way up 
towards my bare, wet, slippery cunt. So you can stick it in me. Those fingers 
that are milking that cock, spreading me, to open me up for your big, hard, fat 
prick. Uh huh, you know that I know what you want. And you know I want it, too. 
Your big dick up inside my fuckhole. Yeah, baby. Work it harder...

Cindy smiled at him, and slipped two well-oiled fingers under the narrow crotch 
of her bikini bottom. She slowly massaged her clit, and then worked her fingers 
down her slit to her pussy. She began to finger fuck herself, sliding the two 
fingers in and out, while she licked her lips and closed her eyes. Her juices 
were flowing freely now, soaking through the thin fabric and mingling with the 
oil and sweat on the insides of her thighs.

After spending fifteen minutes or so exploring the inner recesses of her body, 
Cindy slowly withdrew her fingers and held them up above her body for dramatic 
effect, to admire the frothy mixture and to let a few droplets gather and fall 
from her fingertips onto her tits; before sucking them into her mouth and making 
a show of licking them clean. Then she returned her fingers to her pussy to get 
them dripping wet with her sweet juices again.

At the same time, her other hand was overtly fondling and pulling on her nipple 
rings, alternating between each breast so that each nipple was now rigidly 
erect.

Her audience was riveted by her performance. He was breathing faster now, and 
his hand was moving more forcefully beneath the towel.

Now. Are you ready? Do you want to come for me? Are you going to shoot it into 
that fluffy white towel? I can see it in your eyes. You're so fucking ready.... 
and so am I.

Cindy suddenly got up from the recliner, standing and stretching her arms over 
her head to let the man see every inch of her, front and back, as she turned and 
pirouetted in front of him. Her thong was completely wet, and translucent with 
the wetness seeping out of her. Her nipples were fully erect, making hard, long 
points in the fabric of the indecently small bikini top. She tossed her head 
back to make a show of swirling her long, silky hair around her face and across 
her back.

As she made a show of bending over and picking up her towel, she bumped into her 
bottle of oil with her hip, causing it to roll across the pool deck and under 
the man's recliner. She looked up, acting bewildered, while she pretended to 
search for it beneath her lounger.

Aha! There it is. You naughty man. You've got it!

Grinning a wicked, teasing smile, she slowly walked over to him and knelt down 
next to him. She clumsily stubbed her toe against his chair and tripped. As she 
pretended to catch herself from falling, she slipped her hand underneath his 
towel, and placed it directly on his erection. She held her hand there, 
motionless, as she reached under his recliner with her other hand to retrieve 
her oil. She whispered, "Sorry about that. I hope you don't mind."

The man was silent, struck dumb with astonishment and paralyzed; a motionless 
statue with a huge erection. His body was held rigid and immobile by the 
feather-light weight of Cindy's left hand, resting casually on his cock. His 
mouth gaped open, as if he wanted to say something, but he could not even begin 
to form words, much less sentences.

I was right. You are a naughty man. Sitting here with your cock sticking out of 
your swimsuit while you jerk off. Did I do that to you? Me?

Cindy started to stroke the painfully hard erection sticking out from beneath 
the thin nylon of the man's swimsuit. Her fingertips moved slowly and sensually 
up and down the shaft, using such a light touch that it was as if he was being 
touched with a soft, downy feather. She felt his erection pulse and twitch 
beneath her excruciatingly slow strokes. All the while, she stared into his 
anguished, fearful eyes.

He stared back, and then his eyes darted around, to see if anyone nearby had 
noticed what the lithe, nearly naked young goddess was doing to him right there, 
out in the open. He shuddered and groaned, while Cindy studied his face, her 
eyes round and bright with excitement.

As she grasped the bottle and prepared to stand, she lifted her hand from his 
bulging cock and tossed his towel aside so his erection was revealed to anyone 
looking in his direction. As the shock of what she had done hit him, she 
surprised him again when she forced her wet, fragrant fingers into his open 
mouth.

He just sat there, staring at her, awestruck at the extremely sensual being who 
was teasing him so mercilessly. Without thinking, he sucked on her fingers, 
licking them with his tongue as she slowly retrieved them from between his 
teeth.

Cindy stood up, and then leaned over him, dangling her tits in front of his face 
while she smiled at him and said, "I hope you have a nice day." Squeezing his 
cock one more time, she tossed his towel back over his cock and turned and 
headed for the exit, her mission accomplished.

As she neared the locker room, she looked at her Master, on the other side of 
the pool. He raised his drink to her, in salute and recognition of her performance.

Inside the locker room, she hurried to put on her T-shirt and skirt. She did not 
shower, knowing that her Master would want to take her as she was; hot, sweaty, 
and soaking wet. She strode quickly out into the parking lot, heading directly 
for the last row of cars, near the bushes. Her Master's car would be there, and 
she knew that he was going to lift up her tiny skirt and fuck her right there in 
the parking lot, in the back seat of his car, in broad daylight.

In The Car

Cindy found the large blue Lexus sedan in the last row of the parking lot, a 
shimmering island in a lake of hot, black asphalt. Thankfully, no other cars 
were within several rows of her Master's car. She unlocked the door and got into 
the driver's seat. She started the car and adjusted both the driver's seat and 
the passenger seat to slide them all the way forward, and to make their seat 
backs as vertical as possible. Then she opened the sunroof to let the hot air 
trapped inside the car escape. Her mission accomplished, she turned off the 
ignition.

Then Cindy jumped into the back seat, to wait for him. She tossed her sandals 
onto the floor, and put on the blindfold that was waiting for her, neatly folded 
and tied with a red ribbon, in the center of the seat. As she settled back to 
wait, she spread her legs and placed a hand between them. The hem of the tiny 
black skirt was right at her pussy, giving her fingers easy access to her hot, 
wet slit. Her other hand was busy playing with her nipples through the 
skin-tight, sweat-dampened T-shirt.

I did it. I did it for you. I am so fucking hot, Master. I need to be fucked. 
God, I need to be fucked right now.

Cindy's cunt quickly became as wet and juicy as it was when she was masturbating 
for the man at the pool. As she had done so many times before, she was making 
the leather seat slick with her copiously flowing wetness. She smiled, knowing 
that her Master likened this to a wolf bitch marking her territory with her scent. 

After all, this was one of Cindy's favorite places to fuck.

There was something about being fucked in the back seat of a car, cramped and 
uncomfortable as it was, that was deeply thrilling and erotic. Perhaps, it was 
the combination of being enclosed in such a powerful metallic cocoon, or maybe 
it was the risk of getting caught. She didn't try to analyze it. She only knew 
that it fulfilled a deep, primal need for her; almost as much as belonging to 
her Master did.

And she knew, for a fact, that her Master would always trade the "new car" smell 
for the "just fucked Cindy" smell in his fleet of automobiles. For that was 
exactly what he had done with this one. Cindy had gone to the dealership with 
him to pick it up, and after she had provided a maddening distraction to the 
salesman who had the misfortune of having to perform the delivery checklist for 
him, they had stopped in the first parking lot they had found on the way home; 
to jump in the back seat so he could strip her naked, spank her ass until it was 
bright red and she was squirming under his hand like a bitch in heat, and then 
fuck her hard and passionately. 

She had even been permitted to come, as soon as she was ready, which was a rare 
treat. She had gotten the back seat soaking wet and imbued with her feminine 
essence, to mark it as her personal fuck-nest, before the odometer had reached 
25 miles.

Cindy started to squirm on the seat with arousal and anticipation, as she 
remembered that first fuck in this car, when the door to the rear seat was 
thrown open and a man climbed in beside her.

Just as they had done so many times before, Cindy did not say anything, and 
neither did he. Part of the thrill was in not knowing, for sure, that the man 
sitting next to her, with his hands reaching for her thighs and her breasts was, 
indeed, her Master. The possibility that this was a stranger, to whom she had 
been given by her Master – or an absolute stranger - was a powerful aphrodisiac.

Cindy turned to face the man sitting next to her. His hands were on her tits in 
a flash, his thumbs cupped underneath each firm, rounded breast, lifting them 
up, like a sexy, push-up bra. His fingers wrapped around the sides and top of 
each soft globe, squeezing them up, out, and together.

Please, Sir. Fuck your cunt. I need it now. Please, take me.

She opened her mouth, in expectation of his lips touching hers and his tongue 
entering into her soft, sweet tasting cavern to dance with her own tongue. Right 
on cue, his hot breath was there and then his mouth was feasting on her lips. 
Soon, their tongues were dancing a feverish pas de deux.

Cindy moaned in response to the taste of her Master's lips, knowing now that it 
was, indeed, him; and to his firm, yet gently erotic manhandling of her breasts. 
His thumbs flicked up from beneath her breasts to fondle and tease her pierced 
nipples, the thin cotton and spandex of her T-shirt chafing at her painfully 
erect pink buds.

Then his hands pulled Cindy's T-shirt up above her breasts, to expose her 
luscious tits. He kissed his way down her neck, across the narrow white strip of 
shirt that framed her lewdly displayed breasts, and into the gentle valley 
between the soft, smooth hills on either side. At the same time, Cindy's hands 
left her sides to land in her Master's lap. 

She expertly unzipped his shorts and freed his erect cock, to cradle it in her 
hands. She stroked it lovingly, caressing the long, smooth, hard shaft that she 
knew so well. Then, whispering obscene words of endearment, she gently rubbed 
the palm of her hand across the crown of the large, flaring, head; feeling the 
sudden wetness as his pre-come moistened her hand.

Her Master's lips circled her nipples now, sharpening them into hard, pink 
points. He extended the tip of his tongue to insert it through her nipple rings, 
one after the other, teasing her and turning her into melted butter, just like 
he always did. C

Cindy purred in response to the way he played her body like a virtuoso played a 
violin. Her entire ass was wet and slick with her juices, now that her skirt had 
ridden up far enough that her naked skin was in direct contact with supple, 
fragrant leather of the seat.

After slapping her hard on her hip to signal his intent, he turned Cindy around 
so she faced the rear window. He encircled her waist with his hands and guided 
her into a standing position, her feet on the floor of the car, and angling her 
body backwards to wedge it between the front seats so that her head, shoulders 
and chest were sticking out the sunroof.


Cindy's t-shirt was still pulled up, her naked tan breasts exposed above the 
roof of the car for anybody nearby to see. He grabbed her wrists, and held them 
firmly at her sides. Knowing what he intended to do, Cindy spread her legs as 
wide apart as she could in the tight confines of the car.

His face descended to her naked pussy.

Yes, fuck yes! I am so wet for you. This is your cunt, Sir. Take it!

He teased her by blowing alternately cool and hot puffs of air across her slit. 
A moment later, his tongue snaked out of his mouth and touched her, licking her 
up and down the length of her slippery, wet labia. Cindy tossed her head and 
hair back and around as she urged him on. "Please, Master, lick my hot, wet 
pussy. This cunt is yours, it belongs only to you. Please, suck on my clit. Lap 
up the juices pouring out of my warm, pink cunt. Please let me come, Master."

Saying nothing, he parted her fleshy pink lips with his tongue. He teased her 
hard, engorged clit with the tip of his tongue, circling around it repeatedly, 
and flicking it back and forth across it, in a blur of motion.

Cindy was fighting him now, her arms struggling to get free so she could pull 
his head and mouth even closer to the center of her being. For now, her entire 
existence was focused on her clit, and on the orgasm that she knew was not far 
off. 

But he held her arms tightly, not letting her take control of what he is doing. 
Cindy writhed and twisted back and forth as she fought him.

Sensing that she was finally ready to have him substitute his cock for his 
tongue, he suddenly twisted her around and pulled her down to impale her on his 
cock.

Her wet pussy greeted his penis eagerly. She spread her legs to straddle him, 
and she lowered herself onto the long, hard shaft. Cindy moaned in satisfaction 
as he stretched and filled her cunt. His hands were on her hips as she began a 
slow up and down rhythm. She lifted herself far enough to keep only the tip of 
the cock insider her, before easing herself down the long descent to his belly. 
Again, and again, she slow-fucked the man she belonged to, the man who knew her 
body so well, and who fulfilled her every need, no matter how wicked or deviant 
or scandalous.

"You know me so well, Sir. I am a whore for your cock. I'll do anything for you. 
Anything. Did you like my performance? I was thinking about you the entire time. 
I love being your little cock-teaser and your slut."

As the speed and the sense of urgency of their coupling increased, he released 
her wrists. One of his hands reached around her hip to fondle and tease Cindy's 
swollen clit, nestled in the soft folds of her labia; while the other played 
with her ass cheeks. 

Cindy reached down to grasp the base of the long, hard cock that was turning her 
insides into freshly churned butter, and to fondle the large balls that she so 
dearly loved to hold in her grasp. Holding a man that way – by his cock and his 
balls, while he fucked you – was the ultimate in intimacy. To be able to feel 
him tense and contract and then spurt his orgasm up into her spasming cunt was 
heaven on earth.

Neither of them said a word – this was part of the game – but Cindy's mewing and 
her ragged little cries left no doubt that she was on the edge. His long, deep 
breaths and the way he used his hands on her hips to pull her down onto his cock 
predicted the immediacy of his need.

They were ready, both of them – cunt and cock – to do what this entire afternoon 
had been scripted to deliver.

Knowing that neither of them would last much longer, he took the thumb on his 
right hand and pressed it against Cindy's asshole. Her puckered brown entrance 
resisted at first, and then opened, to admit the insistent visitor. He forced 
his thumb in up to the first knuckle, feeling the pressure as her muscles tried 
to tighten around the invader. He began to slide it in and out, to get her 
asshole well lubricated with her own juices and to loosen her up for what was to 
come. 

Cindy never missed a beat. She maintained her elevator ride up and down his cock 
while her asshole was being breached. She moaned louder now, as the combination 
of the cock in her pussy and the finger in her ass started to dance a duet. His 
finger, now deeply embedded in her ass, massaged her cunt and the cock 
imprisoned within it, through the thin wall of flesh that separated the two 
passages.

She lifted her hands up from his cock to grip the sides of the front seats while 
she levered herself up and down; forcefully ramming her cunt down onto his cock 
while her body pistoned up and down like a sledgehammer. All the while, her head 
and her mane of long, silky hair bobbed up and down through the sunroof.

Anyone within a hundred feet of them would see in an instant that Cindy was 
fucking like an insatiable and utterly shameless slut. The mere sight of her 
face through the sunroof was all the evidence an onlooker would need. But Cindy 
saw no one and would not have cared if she had. Her graphic, profane 
vocalization of her lust, and of her insatiable appetite for the penis that was 
pumping in and out of her pussy, disintegrated into a series of unintelligible 
animal sounds as she neared orgasm. 

Without being told, Cindy knew when they were ready. She lifted herself up and 
held herself with just the cock head within her pussy for a moment. She trembled 
and shook, waiting for the last possible instant. Then, she rammed her cunt 
down, her pussy slapping wetly against his belly, and using her muscles to 
squeeze and milk the cock inside her while grinding her pussy against him in a 
lewd, circular motion.

That was it. The final threshold shredded and torn away.

He cried out and lunged forward, latching onto a nipple ring with the hand that 
had been furiously massaging her clit. His wet, slippery fingers barely managed 
to hold onto the nipple ring, pulling it up and down, and left and right; while 
the thumb in her ass danced a wild tarantella; competing to divert Cindy's 
orgasmic explosion from the firestorm in her cunt. 

At precisely the last moment - plus several slow-motion heartbeats of time - 
when she could bear the intensity no longer, he granted her permission to come.

Cindy instantly careened over the edge of the cliff into the long free-fall of 
an intense, sustained orgasm. Synchronized down to the heartbeat, his cock 
erupted and shot white-hot bullets of come deep into her cunt, seemingly 
shooting all the way to her brain and ricocheting off the insides of her head. 

Cindy screamed loudly as she came again – loud enough to wake the dead. The cock that owned her pussy came again, too, pumping more semen into her now 
sloppily-wet cunt. She gushed a combination of her own juices, come, and sweat 
all over their legs and the car seat as their orgasms cascaded and crashed into 
each other.

Finally, spent, they collapsed into each other's arms in the back seat, and 
rested. It took several minutes for them to regain their composure, for their 
heart rates to return to normal, and for them to disentangle their intertwined 
limbs. When her arms were able to respond to her commands, Cindy pulled her 
T-shirt down over her sweat-soaked chest; and after making a feeble attempt at 
adjusting her skirt, she staggered out of the car and into the front passenger 
seat. 

Not bothering to put his cock back into his pants or zipping up, Cindy's 
stage-master dragged himself around to the driver's seat. And when he started 
the car and prepared to drive her home, she removed her blindfold and leaned 
over to kiss him gently on the lips before snuggling down in his lap to lick his 
cock clean of the deliciously sticky combination of come and cunt juices, just 
as she always did.

As she ended her kiss and slid down his chest towards his lap, Cindy saw the man 
she had teased and tortured at the pool standing next to a nearby car, watching 
them. She smiled at him, while he stared at her. 

Cindy kept looking, and studying his face, as their car approached him. She 
waited to lower her head down onto her Master's lap until they pulled up right 
next to the man.

He stopped the car there, right next to the man; pausing long enough for him to 
look down into their car to watch Cindy sucking and licking his now-stiffening 
cock. 

Cindy raised her lips from the cock, looked up, and smiled again at the man. 

"I hope you have a nice day, Sir."

And then she lowered her head down to resume fellating her Master's cock.

And then they drove away, leaving the man standing there in the parking lot, 
watching the taillights of the car as they turned out into the street into the 
onrushing gloom of the warm summer evening. 







