Lionel looked fretful all through dinner. Myrtle hadn't seen him so uneasy since shortly after they'd left Australia, when it had been months since he'd had a role and his patients were dwindling. The boys were noisy and distracting during the meal, so she waited until Laurie had gone off in search of his latest girlfriend and the younger two were doing homework to corner Lionel by the table where he was scribbling frantically in his diary. "What's wrong, love?"

"Nothing." He knew her well enough to know the speed alone of his reply would give lie to his words. "I just had a difficult day."

"Trouble with a patient?" There was only one patient who could possibly have left him this glum. "Some sort of disagreement?"

Lionel looked up at her from the pages. He knew her well enough to know that she would not let it go until he told her something, and he knew she knew him well enough to have guessed that no minor argument would have left him in such a state.

“You know my patient of whom we never speak?”

Myrtle had to look away to hide a smile. The Duke of York? she wanted to say. But we speak of him all the time when we're alone. If Lionel was upset, teasing would only make matters worse. Still, he seemed to catch her mood, because he sighed and smiled himself.

“I may have done something unforgivable.” The grin faded. “Not only to him. To you.”

She waited, but Lionel did not continue. From the other room she heard Antony calling to Valentine for help with his homework. Stepping in, she told him to look it up, then switched on the radio to make things more private when she returned to Lionel, fetching him a cup of tea before sitting in the chair opposite.

“Now, what happened? Did you quarrel with your patient?” Perhaps he’d offered Lionel quite a lucrative position and Lionel had refused to take it, citing his other patients. Myrtle had been complaining about how expensive things were for the boys.

“Much worse.” Raising an eyebrow, Myrtle blew on her tea, waiting. “I kissed him.”

For a moment she thought Lionel was joking. “If you can’t talk about what really...”

Lionel had raised his fingers to his mouth, touching his lips, seemingly unaware of the gesture. His hand was shaking.

“Sweetheart. You actually kissed...” Now even she couldn’t say the name. “...him?”

Dropping his hand to the table, Lionel nodded. She waited for a moment, then reached to close her own fingers around his.

“Whatever possessed you to do such a thing?”

Her husband laughed mirthlessly. “Well, he was kissing me, at the time.”

Myrtle glanced toward the door that connected the rooms. She could hear the radio, but not the boys. “Just to be sure I understand,” she whispered. “He kissed you, and you kissed him back? That’s your unforgivable confession?”

Swallowing, Lionel nodded. “Yes.”

Unable to help herself, Myrtle laughed. Lionel looked at her in surprise, but she couldn’t stop at first, even though she knew he was genuinely distressed. “Sorry, oh love, I’m sorry,” she said, trying to catch her breath. “I can see where that may make things very awkward with him, but you weren’t expecting me to be angry, were you?”

Lionel was looking at her oddly. “I thought you would be, yes,” he said. “After all your complaining that I wouldn’t even tell you his name.”

She squeezed his fingers. “I’ve only been teasing. I’ve known almost from the beginning who he must be. I know you’re not supposed to talk about it.” There, now her husband looked happier -- relieved, at least. Myrtle lowered her voice again. “But now you must tell me -- he kissed you?”

Now that he knew she wasn’t angry, Lionel looked a bit sheepish. Color crept into his cheeks. “Right in my consulting room.”

“What in the world had possessed him?”

“Tongue twisters, I think. And breathing exercises. Apparently he and his wife -- well, people sometimes get carried away, because it’s a lot of physical focus and some of the exercises require touching another person. One minute I was reassuring him that an increased libido couldn’t possibly be a detriment to his efforts to improve his speech, and the next...”

“...he kissed you,” she finished as he touched his mouth with his other hand. She couldn’t help smiling. “Did he jump up afterward and fly out of the room?”

“He did not. He wasn’t even particularly embarrassed. I was the one sitting there with...”

“A bulge in your trousers?”

“Myrtle! I was going to say with my face beet red.” It was red again now, but Lionel was smiling back at her. Withdrawing her hand, she took a sip of her tea, watching him fondly. “What am I going to do?”

“Why do you need to do anything? If he wasn’t embarrassed, then it sounds like the only problem is in your trousers, excuse me, your head, and you can always bring that home to me.”

Lionel leaned across the table, pressing his forehead against hers. “What am I supposed to do if he does it again?”

“You think he might?” Her husband shrugged. “Did you tell him it’s not usually your policy to kiss patients?” He nodded. “Well...did you like kissing him?”

“I’m afraid I did.” He met her eyes, looking a bit lost.

“In that case, if he does it again, I should think it’s obvious what you need to do.” Lionel smiled hopefully. “You need to be very, very discreet. Perhaps you should put a lock on the door to your consultation room. Just in case."

Now it was clear that he thought she was joking. "Yes, very wise. I may need to bolt the door in case Bertie -- that is, in case some patient or other should have need of my services..."

"You call him Bertie?" she interrupted. Silence, as Lionel lowered his head. "Sweetheart, you and I both know he isn't just any patient. It makes me proud that you have such a patient. It...excites me."

"It excites you?" He glanced back up, his expression speculative.

"Surely you've noticed."

"Just to be very clear..." Lionel cleared his throat. "You are suggesting that I...indulge myself. With him. Not that I believe for a moment that he has any intention of taking things any further..."

"Only if you wish, of course." Myrtle tried to suppress a smile, but didn't quite succeed. She wanted to add, On the condition that you tell me all about it. But that would come in time.

Lionel's eyes darted toward the doors that separated them from their children. He looked embarrassed and nervous and as excited as she'd seen him since they were young. "You're completely mad," he said. She stood, and he followed, creeping from the kitchen with her, letting her pull him into the narrow storage space beside the loo and push his hand under her clothing.