Lilly
by MemoirFantastique

Lilly Ch. 01

Dave lends a hand.

'That was a long slog' Dave thought to himself as he let out a sigh of relief. Dave made his final remarks, saved the document, attached it to an email and pressed 'send'. Looking up at the clock above his desk, he saw that it read 18:48. He didn't normally work this late, but he knew that he was close to the end, so he just pushed on. Time to think about dinner.

Before Dave could even start to review the contents of his pantry in his head, he was startled by an unexpected thumping on his front door.

Before pandemics had necessitated 'working from home', it had been his normal mode of operation for as long as he could remember. At first, printed manuscripts were couriered to his house. Later on, experiments were conducted with 9600bps modems and couriering floppy disks. The modem won out provided that the chapters were saved as individual files so he could just download them from the mainframe as a batch overnight.

These days, the Internet and high-speed broadband meant that the download was as easy as opening an email in the morning. Dave could even give face-to-face feedback via teleconferencing if required.

"Quick Dave. I need your help!" Lilly said in a panic as she grabbed his hand pulling him out of his house.

Lillian, or 'Lilly' (with two Ls) to her friends, was Dave's neighbour, he'd known her since she was a bulge in her mother's abdomen. Dave and Lilly's mother Christine used to be part of the same circle of friends. Group membership was a bit loose, people came and went from time to time. At the core was Christine, Rachel and Dave. Rachel and Christine met in high school and were inseparable. There was also Pete and Rob and sometimes Dave's bother Jim would join them.

Through pure coincidence, Jim and Christine ended up working for the same company after university. Tranh was a regular too. She was Vietnamese but had not taken an anglicised name, she tried to teach them how to pronounce her Vietnamese name, but somehow they just settled on 'Tranh'. Lastly there was 'Blondie'. Her name was actual Rachel too, she was not blond, but she had very light coloured pubic hair so everyone just called her 'Blondie' to avoid confusion.

Way back when, Dave and Christine used to share cab rides home if they both struck out that night. More than once, in fact, Christine and Dave had decided not to let the night end in a total loss and to satisfy each others' needs instead. You can imagine Dave's dread when Christine first told him that she was expecting. Presumably, seeing the blood draining rapidly from his face was enough to prompt Christine into reassuring him that he was not the father. She'd whittled the candidate list down to two chaps and luckily, Dave was not on that list.

"Lilly! What's going on?" Dave protested as she kept insisting that she needed his help.

"Not, now! We've got less that ten minutes." was all she said as she pulled him across their immaculately groomed shared front lawn and into her house.

Lilly had lived alone in the house since the age of sixteen. Unfortunately, Christine died unexpectedly leaving Lilly orphaned. At first, Lilly's grandparents wanted her to go and live with them. However, after unloading some impeccable logic and a bit of shrewd negotiation, Lilly had arranged with her grandparents to stay in the house provided that Dave looked in on her regularly.

Dave was fine with this arrangement because Christine often left Lilly with him if she needed to pop out and do something. They often came over to swim in his pool or just hang out, and for the longest time, he was 'Uncle Dave.'

"Come on, quick!" Lilly insisted as she virtually dragged him along the hallway towards her back room.

Lilly was not sixteen any more, no, she was now a fully grown woman. She'd managed to make it through to the end of high school and graduate with honours. Christine would certainly have been proud of what her daughter had accomplished. Dave would cook Lilly meals on school nights and do some laundry for her once a week, but she was a determined young lady and was able to excel academically with very little need for external encouragement or discipline.

Lilly and Dave would have chats about her mother in the good old days and she'd sleep in his spare room from time to time if she felt tired after one of their movie nights. As she progressed through university, their conversations turned more philosophical and sleepovers less frequent, but they always stayed in touch. She graduated with a double major in commerce and information technology and had set up what appeared to Dave to be fairly successful e-commerce business at home.

Like her mother Christine, Lilly embraced her sexuality and was not shy when it came to experiencing the smorgasbord that dating life had on offer. Lilly was also aware that her mother and Dave had numerous casual sexual encounters and she often asked him about the things that he and her mother liked to do. Christine was fairly open about these sorts of things, so Dave was not surprised that Lilly knew about the two of them.

"Quickly!" she said flinging the back room door open.

As he entered the room Dave saw inside it for the first time in several years. The double bed was still there as he expected, however, all of the light stands, the monitors, the boom microphones, the camera and the tripod came as somewhat of a surprise to him.

Lilly flicked one switch with her foot and all of the lights came to life before saying, "Get undressed, quickly!" as she started to remove her blouse.

"Dave please hurry!" Lilly begged as she undid her jeans and wiggled as they fell to the floor.

Lilly and Dave had seen each other naked plenty of times before. They skinny dipped in his pool all of the time, with or without her mother. It was not a big deal and certainly nothing sexual. Christine, whilst not technically a nudist, tended to be not as hung up on clothing as the rest of the people she knew. That was something else that Dave and Christine had in common.

"Lilly, what's going on?" Dave asked without removing a single piece of clothing.

"What does it look like Dave? Porn Dave! I do online porn!" Lilly replied.

"Online porn?" Dave asked still trying to take it all in adding, "I thought that you did e-commerce consulting."

"I do!" Lilly responded.

"And online porn?" Dave added.

"Yes. Listen, the male talent that I've booked for this session bailed on me at the last minute. Something about forgetting his Viagra." Lilly said adjusting her bra cups and straightening her matching panties.

"Why would he need Viagra?" Dave asked naively.

"To get an erection!" Lilly said looking at Dave like he had grown another head or something.

"So young guys take Viagra too?" Dave asked.

"No, no, no. Just get undressed will you? I'm supposed to be going live in six minutes. Pleeeease just just get undressed." Lilly begged.

"Sorry Lilly, I'm still a little confused. Why do these young guys need to take Viagra?" Dave asked.

"Dave, they're not young, they're old, really old. I run a daddy/daughter fetish web site. Now for fuck sake, get undressed!" Lilly screamed in exacerbation.

"A what what fetish what?" Dave asked.

"I pretend that these older guys are my daddy and I fuck them on camera for money." Lilly explained.

"Um, OK. Far be it from me to kink shame anyone, but it's a little odd." Dave replied.

"Dave, I really need your help. I really need you to get naked and lay down on the bed now!" Lilly said almost screaming at him.

As stated previously, Dave had known Lilly for her entire life and he had never, literally never, seen her as agitated and frantic as she was standing before him at that moment.

"What would your mother think?" Dave asked.

"She'd be happy that her entrepreneurial daughter is running a profitable business doing a thing that she likes. At this very moment, she might be a little annoyed that I messed up my scheduling like this, but otherwise, I think that she'd be proud." Lilly responded.

"No Lilly, about her best friend having sex with her daughter. That's what." Dave replied.

"Her daughter's vagina's had lots of penises in it over the years. One more's really not going to be such a big deal to her. Listen Dave, I'm running out of time and I really need your help."

"But people will see may face." Dave objected.

"Trust me, they won't be looking at your face. Anyway, Daddy always wears a mask." Lilly stated.

"A mask?" Dave repeated.

"Yes, a mask. He's a well known business tycoon and he wants to protect his identity from public scrutiny." Lilly said rolling her eyes.

"He is?" Dave asked.

"He doesn't exist Dave. He's just a fantasy. Look, I'm really running out of time. Are you in?" Lilly said making what she was sure would be her final attempt to salvage this evening.

This would not be the first time that Dave had had sex in front of other people. He and Tranh would often have sex by the pool as their friends watched. Although outwardly the demure, quiet type, Tranh actually had quite the exhibitionist within her and she loved having people watch her have sex. When she was in the mood for showing off, she'd pick one of the group at random and put on a show.

"Oh, OK then. Um, I s'pose. But just this once." Dave said mumbling.

"What do you, um, need me to do?" he asked.

"Take all of your clothes off, including your shoes and socks, put the mask on and lay down on the bed with your head facing away from the camera." she said as she pointed at the bed, adding, "Quick, quick, one minute!"

"OK. What should I say?" Dave added.

"Nothing! Say nothing. I'll do all of the talking. Hurry!" Lilly replied.

Dave disrobed, put on the mask and laid on the bed as instructed wondering where all of this was heading. Lilly waited for him to get settled and then took her place on the bed in front of the camera. Taking in a deep breath, she leaned forwards and pressed some buttons on her laptop.

"What?" she said sounding shocked.

"Oh, um, look guys, this is not a good time. Um, can you come back later?" Lilly said addressing the camera.

"Daddy's really upset with me I need to try to smooth things over, so if you could just come back later, that would be great." she said playing with her hair.

Leaning forward and squinting at her laptop screen she said, "OK then, but just keep quiet. Daddy is so mad that he's not even talking to me at the moment."

Lilly turned away from the camera and said, "I'm sorry daddy, let me make it up to you." as she wiggled towards Dave.

As she approached, she mouthed the words "Thank You" before she bowed down over his crotch, took hold of his penis and put it into her mouth.

So, Dave's in his fifties and this was definitely not his first experience with receiving oral sex. However, it was the first time that Lilly and Dave had every done anything that even resembled being sexual in nature, and there she was nevertheless, sucking on his dick.

To his credit, Dave was able to keep calm and not freak out and stay 'in character' as it were, but there was nothing at all about the situation that was arousing. Consequently, after at least ten minutes it started to appear that Lilly's efforts may be in vain.

Lilly turned to the camera and said, "Looks like Daddy's so mad at me that he can't even get it up."

Pausing for a moment, Lilly reached behind her back and undid her bra clasp letting it fall away before saying, "I wonder if looking at these might sooth his anger."

Lilly gyrated and kneaded her breasts and played with her nipples for a while as she made suggestive remarks to the camera. "Watch this!" she said.

Lilly turned to face Dave, her breasts jiggling back and forth as she did so. As stated before, Lilly and her mother and Dave had been naked together innumerable times, it just wasn't a big deal. Dave could appreciate her feminine beauty in the abstract, but there was nothing more.

Looking over her shoulder briefly to address the camera, she said, "This'll get him going, I bet!"

Lilly turned back to face Dave, put her hands on her hips, thrust her chest out and shimmied her breasts making them jiggle and wiggle.

It's a general rule of nature that children resemble their parents. They're not clones exactly, but family resemblance is normally pronounced and Lilly was no exception. Lilly looked very much liker her mother at the same age as far as her physical attributes. She was slightly taller maybe, but not by much.

They also had some personality similarities, but nowhere near as well aligned as their physical similarity. Whilst Lilly occasionally used the same expressions as her mother, she was definitely her own woman.

As Lilly was jiggling and wiggling her breasts at Dave, she had a look on her face that Dave had only seen once before, many decades ago in this very room. Christine and he had just returned from a very unsuccessful night out and Christine had decided that they should indulge in some consolation sex. This would be their first time together and he was not so sure that it was a good idea.

Christine, on the other hand, had already stripped off and was trying to convince him that he should join her and that it would be fun for them to fuck. Seeing the look on Lilly's face in this moment, matching that of her mother's from all those decades ago brought back a flood of joyful happy memories for Dave.

"Hello there!" Lilly said looking over her shoulder again at the camera, "I think that we have liftoff!"

Not wasting any time, Lilly went straight for Dave's penis again and started to suck on it with all of her might.

Easing up briefly she said, "Did seeing my boobies make you hard Daddy?" before returning to her activity.

Dave wasn't sure entirely what he felt about the situation. It was a little bit embarrassing for him, perhaps even somewhat awkward having Lilly doing what she was doing. Most of all, he was surprised at how much Lilly's technique mirrored her mother's. The woman certainly had skills.

Sitting upright after several minutes, Lilly said, "Gee whizz daddy, look how big and hard you are!"

Turning to face the camera, Lilly stood up and lowered her panties saying, "Do you think that Daddy'd like to eat my pussy now?"

Shifting his head slightly, Dave realised that he could see the chat window scrolling wildly in one of the monitors whilst Lilly was running her fingers through her pubic hair and spreading her outer lips with her fingers adding, "Daddy's gunna just looooooove eating my pussy. Mmmmm."

Lilly wiggled a few more times for the camera, turned around, walked back towards Dave before squatting down over his face. Dave had never seen her from this exact angle before and he was struck again by the similarity to her mother.

The sight, sound, aroma and taste brought on a flashback of his first time with her mother. Dave extended his tongue and let it gently caress Lilly's clitoris, just as it had done with her mother.

"Oh Daddy, your tongue feels so good on my little clit!" Lilly moaned.

As Lilly continued to ride his face, Dave used his tongue to play with her inner lips and to tickle the opening to her vagina. All this time, Lilly was commenting for the camera, describing what he was doing to her including lots of additional highly embellished details regarding his activities.

Dave was really starting to enjoy himself. What had started off somewhat reluctantly and awkwardly, was now becoming quite enjoyable. Granted, Dave had to disregard who the owner of these genitals was, but otherwise he was finding this to be rather nice.

"I'm getting really wet now Daddy!" Lilly said snapping him back to reality.

Turning to the camera once more Lilly said as she nodded, "I think it's time. Don't you?"

The chat window exploded into life as Lilly stood up directly over Dave's head. Dave had a spectacular view straight up to her hairy outer lips as she turned 180 degrees and took a step closer to the camera.

"I sure hope that Daddy's not too big for my tiny little pussy." Lilly said to nobody in particular as she played with herself.

"Look how hard he still is." Lilly said pointing down towards Dave's penis.

Even though intellectually, Dave knew what was coming next, he still found himself being caught somewhat by surprise when Lilly squatted down, took hold of his penis and guided it skilfully into her vagina.

"Oh Daddy, you're so big!" Lilly exclaimed as she started to ride him. Needless to say, the chat went wild.

The sensation of Lilly's moist warm vagina as it surrounded his penis was quite pleasing. He'd not had his penis inside a vagina for about two months. Naturally, he masturbated several times a day, but his last two work assignments and their insane deadlines left little room for an active sex life. The current situation came to Dave as an unexpected and pleasant surprise.

"Look how Daddy's big thick cock fills up every part of my small pussy." Lilly said as she paused her riding and spread open her outer lips for the camera.

After a well timed pause, Lilly lowered herself further and reached down for his scrotum. Making contact, she lightly ticked the hairs before grabbing both balls and giving them a gentle squeeze.

"Daddy just looooves it when I play with his balls!" Lilly said mischievously.

Lilly only played with Dave's balls for another twenty seconds or so before she went back to riding the full length of his shaft.

"Look how deep Daddy's getting inside me." Lilly said as she tossed her head back adding, "Oooh Daddy!"

Dave was really starting to get into this. Lilly was very skilled and managed to provide enough stimulation to keep him hard without overdoing it and risking premature ejaculation. She was very wet too, really wet.

"I think that Daddy'd love to watch my tits bounce as I ride him." Lilly said addressing the camera before continuing, "I'm gonna turn 'round, hang on a sec."

Lilly lifted herself up, rubbed her genitals for the camera and then turned around to face Dave. "You OK?" she mouthed as she squatted down guiding his penis into place once more.

Dave looked Lilly in the eyes and gave her a quick nod as she started to ride him once more.

As Lilly continued to ride, she brought both hands up to her breasts and started to knead them saying, "Daddy just loves it when I play with my tits."

Lilly kept making moaning and groaning noises as she continued to ride him. Growing louder and louder she finally called out, "You're making me come Daddy! You're making me come!"

Dave had lost count of the number of sexual partners that he'd had over the decades. One thing that he'd learned is that he's usually pretty good at spotting when a woman is faking an orgasm. The reasons vary, but all of the moaning and theatrics in the world can't usually disguise the fact that she hasn't really come.

Lilly put on an excellent show, but when she finally yelled out, "You made me come Daddy!" he knew that it was just part of the act.

Lilly made eye contact before she mouthed "Come inside me." just before turning to the camera saying, "Now it's Daddy's turn. Do you want to see Daddy come?"

The traffic in the chat window increased dramatically as Lilly lifted herself up and turned to face the camera once more before saying, "Don't come inside me Daddy, I forgot to take my pill this morning."

This time, Lilly's vagina was different. Once she had taken him all of the way in, she started to squeeze her internal muscles to increase his stimulation as she rode him. Based on the message that she mouthed to him, she wanted Dave to not only ejaculate, but ejaculate inside her.

Dave thrusted up to meet her and add to his stimulation. After a few short minutes, Dave shot his load inside Lilly with a quiet satisfying moan.

Lilly rode Dave for a few more times before saying, "Oh no Daddy! Did you come inside me?"

Lilly lifted herself off Dave and he watched as globs of his semen dripped out from between her legs.

Dave watched the monitor as Lilly said, "Oh Daddy! I told you not to come inside me!" and started to gather up as much of his semen as she could onto her hands.

"Oh no!" Lilly said sounding very disappointed before adding, "I don't want to have another one of your babies Daddy."

Lilly bent over and moved in really close to the camera. Dave could see that it took a few seconds for the auto-focus to adjust so she just looked at her hands and said "Oh no" a few times until her image sharpened.

Once she was in focus, Lilly said, "Sorry everyone, I need to end the stream here. Sorry, sorry, but Daddy just came inside me and I need to try to get as much of it out as I can. I just, I just, don't wanna have another kid with him. Sorry bye."

Reaching down to her laptop, Dave heard a button click and then a big banner came up on the monitor reading "STREAM ENDED."

"OK, we're clear Dave. You good?" Lilly asked as she turned around to face him.

"So this is your 'e-commerce' business?" Dave asked as he got to his feet.

"Yep. What do you think?" Lilly responded.

"How many people were watching us just now?" Dave asked.

Lilly moved to the edge of the bed in front of her laptop. She grabbed a few nearby tissues to wipe her hands before discarding them and reaching for her laptop. She started to click around with the mouse before saying, "There look!" as she pointed at the screen.

"That's the number of viewers?" Dave asked squinting.

"Live viewers, yes. It'll be available for download too for the next week." Lilly added.

"Wow! What's the number just below it?" Dave asked.

"That's the revenue." Lilly replied.

"Seriously?" he said.

"Yep, that's clear to me, all of the hosting fees and credit card payment fees have already been deducted in real time. The downloads will add a bit more too." Lilly explained.

"Nice." Dave replied.

"You hungry?" Lilly asked abruptly changing the subject.

"Um, now that you mention it, yes, I suppose so." he replied.

"Let me make you something." Lilly offered.

"You don't have to go to any trouble." Dave said.

"It's no trouble, honestly, let me say thanks for getting me out of trouble tonight." Lilly said as she stood.

After cleaning herself up, Lilly cooked them a wonderful meal and they sat around and chatted for a while after they ate. They talked about lots of things, her e-commerce business was a recurring theme, but they did touch on other things as well.

"I should probably go home now, I'm getting a bit tired." Dave said.

"Thanks again for tonight Dave." Lilly said standing as he did.

"You're welcome honey." Dave said as Lilly gave him a big hug and a kiss on his cheek.

"Good night Lilly." Dave said as he headed towards the front door.

"Are you forgetting something Dave?" Lilly asked with a chuckle.

"No, I don't think so." Dave replied somewhat puzzled.

"Well, when you get arrested for indecent exposure, don't say that didn't try to stop you." Lilly chuckling even louder.

"Indecent exposure?" he asked before the realisation came to him, "Clothes! Fuck!"

That sent Lilly into hysterics. After their live show had finished, they'd spent the rest of the night together naked. Cooking and eating dinner, plus drinks, plus their little chat, all without a scrap of clothing on. Christine and Dave had done that same thing on more than one occasion, so this should have come as no surprise.

Dave got dressed, kissed Lilly tenderly on the forehead and headed home.


Lilly Ch. 02

Fun by the pool.

It had been three or four days since Dave had appeared in Lilly's small screen escapades and they had not spoken since. There was no malice or ill will involved, it's just that their paths has not crossed since. Life's like that sometimes.

In yesterday's mail, Dave had received a parcel from his parents. They are downsizing into a smaller home and had come across an old photograph of Dave and his brother during their big clean-out. They decided to have the photo elegantly framed and shipped it to Dave as a memento. After internal deliberation lasting a good chunk of the day, Dave had decided on the optimal place in the hallway and mounted the photo there. As he stepped back to admire his handiwork, Dave heard a knock on the front door.

"Lilly!" Dave said as he opened the door to see his neighbour standing on his front porch wearing her favourite, although almost threadbare, nightgown.

"We need to talk Dave." Lilly said as she pushed past heading towards his dining room calling out, "Get your glasses."

When he reached the dining room, Lilly was seated at his kitchen bench playing with her tablet computer, nightgown in a pile on the floor next to her.

Like her mother, Lilly never demonstrated even the slightest hint of modesty or embarrassment being naked in front of me. Even during her puberty years, which can be awkward for some young ladies, Lilly was perfectly comfortable. I think that because Christine was so at ease being naked with me, Lilly just felt perfectly at ease too.

"Come and have a look at this." she said motioning for Dave to go over and sit next to her.

As Dave took his seat, he recognised that she was looking at the same e-commerce status screen that he saw the other evening.

"Notice anything different?" she asked.

Dave looked closer at the screen and said, "Are those numbers right?"

"Yep." Lilly responded.

"But they're..." he said.

"Yep. We've gone viral Dave. Congratulations." she said.

"But how?" Dave stuttered.

"Word gets around and people watch it on download after the event. Listen to some of these comments." Lilly said before proceeding.

* 'This was so hot I watched it twice and blew my load both times.'

* 'I could not see his face, but her daddy's dick was huge.'

* 'Her little pussy looked so tight.'

* 'I want to watch her belly grow.'

* 'I can't believe that a father would come inside his own daughter like that. If I knew where they lived, I'd report them immediately.'

* 'Oh really dude! Get a life, it was all fake.'

* 'I loved watching his come drip from her hairy pussy.'

"Comments like these go on and on for pages." Lilly said passing the tablet to him.

Dave scrolled through the list of comments, skimming the text as he went. He had to agree with Lilly's assessment, he saw page after page of glowing reviews.

"You know what we gotta do, don't you?" Lilly asked.

"No. What?" Dave responded.

"We need to make a squeal Dave." Lilly responded.

"I don't know about that." he replied.

"Why not?" Lilly asked as she stood.

"I'm not sure that I could have sex with you again, that's why Lilly." Dave said.

"Mmmm, sex. What if I told you that we didn't really have sex." Lilly asked.

"I was there Lilly, I'm pretty sure that we had sex on camera." Dave replied.

"What if I gave you a different perspective?" Lilly asked.

"OK, give it a try." he replied.

"I was putting on a show for my audience. Right?" Lilly started to explain.

"Right." Dave agreed.

"And actors sometimes use props in their performances. Right?" Lilly continued.

"I suppose so, yes." he replied.

"So then, your penis was a prop. I used it as part of my performance. Your semen, again, another prop, used to suggest that you may have impregnated me." Lilly said.

"I see." Dave responded nodding thoughtfully.

"True, I put your penis inside my vagina and you eventually ejaculated inside me. But, but it was part of the performance, it's not something that you and I would ever do in our everyday lives." Lilly explained.

"I suppose that I can see how that works." Dave replied.

"So you'll give it a go?" Lilly asked eagerly.

"Umm, maybe. What did you have in mind?" Dave asked.

"How about we shoot a POV by the pool?" Lilly asked.

"What's a P-O-V?" he asked.

"Point of view. The video is shot from the point of view of one of the participants." Lilly replied.

"Oh, I see. Yes, I've seen some of those." Dave responded.

"I could be nude sunbathing out there and Daddy could spy on me. Perhaps then a bit of sucking and then fucking. Come inside me and I'll let it drip onto your belly and then lick it up." Lilly suggested.

"How would we do this live? Your equipment's in your house." he asked.

"I also shoot edited videos and put them on my site." Lilly responded.

"But we don't have your camera with us." Dave pointed out.

"We can use the tablet. It'll give the footage an air of authenticity." Lilly added.

"What if we used a phone, it would probably be easier to hold in one hand." he proposed.

"Good idea, but the memory on my phone is almost full." Lilly countered.

"Just use mine, we can copy the footage when we're done." Dave suggested.

"OK, if you're happy to doing that, why not?" Lilly responded.

"Let me get my phone then." Dave said as he headed off towards his office.

Dave's phone was on his desk, exactly where he'd left it. He collected it and returned to the dining room where Lilly was waiting.

"What should we do next?" Dave asked.

"Well, I'm already naked." Lilly replied spreading her arms out to the side.

"Yes, of course." Dave said handing Lilly his phone before he undressed.

"A few more things." Lilly said as he started to remove his shirt.

"Yep." he responded.

"If I ask you a question, move the camera up and down as if it where attached to your head and you are nodding." Lilly instructed.

"OK." Dave replied.

"But not too much. Too much movement can be nauseating for the viewers." Lilly added.

"Anything else?" Dave asked as he lowered his shorts.

"When I'm sucking you, focus on your dick going into my mouth and when we're fucking, focus on your dick where it enters my pussy." Lilly said.

"Dick in mouth, dick in pussy. Roger!" Dave replied.

"Oh, and keep the phone in landscape mode, don't rotate it into portrait mode." Lilly added.

"Landscape. Got it." he replied.

"OK. So, I'm nude sunbathing over there, you spy on me for a while, perhaps you could lower the camera and play with yourself a few times before approaching me." Lilly said in review.

Dave nodded as he fiddled with his phone to get it into video recording mode.

"Don't talk. I think that we'll keep Daddy a mystery for now. If you need to ask a question, or something, I can edit that out later. OK?" Lilly said.

"OK." Dave replied.

Dave watched Lilly as she slid the pool door to the side and strolled over to the sun lounges. She took her place on the left-most lounge. She brushed off her breasts and abdomen and fluffed up her pubes a bit before leaning back and spreading her legs slightly.

"Landscape Dave!" Lilly yelled.

Dave reoriented the phone and pressed the record button before replying, "OK."

"Action." Lilly called out.

Dave saw that the curtains were giving a semi-transparent view of Lilly outside, so he started recording with the phone pointing at the curtain. It focused on the curtain instead of Lilly, so he moved to the side until he was clear of the curtain and the phone focused on her.

Lilly was playing with her breasts and fingering herself so Dave kept still for a while and concentrated on that. Remembering Lilly's suggestion, he grabbed his penis with his spare hand and started to rub it a bit. Holding the palm of his hand upright, he lowered the view of his phone and rubbed his penis a few times before returning the view to Lilly.

Lilly had stopped playing with herself, but she was now laying there with her legs much wider than before. Dave stepped out of the house and moved closer towards her. He lowered the phone and rubbed his penis once more before returning to the shot of Lilly again.

"Daddy, what you doing home?" Lilly said sitting up and covering her breasts.

"I thought that you were working late tonight." she said.

Dave took a few steps towards Lilly before she said, "I know that you think that it's un-ladylike to sunbathe naked, but I'm trying to get a better tan for you Daddy."

Dave moved the camera to the left, to the right and then back to the centre suggesting that he was shaking his head.

"I'm sorry Daddy," Lilly commenced before adding, "is there anything I can do to make it up to you?"

Dave took hold of his penis once more, pointed the camera down and then back up to Lilly.

"Do you want me to suck your dick Daddy?" Lilly asked.

Dave repeated the pan down to his penis and then back up to Lilly's face.

"OK then Daddy, if it will help me make up for my mistake." Lilly said as she stood and walked over to Dave releasing her breasts in the process.

Dave kept Lilly in frame as she approached, stopped and knelt down in front of him. She reached out and took hold of his flaccid penis and asked, "Is this what you want Daddy?"

Dave did the nodding quick pan up and down thing again before settling on Lilly's face as she took his penis into her mouth. Lilly's actions felt OK, but this was not exactly an arousing situation for him and he didn't react the way that he had hoped, perhaps because the situation was so staged.

A few decades ago, however, that would have been another situation altogether. The first time that Lilly's mother, Christine, had given Dave head was right here next to this pool. They had been skinny dipping one evening and he had already got out of the pool, but he was still sitting on the edge with his feet dangling in the water.

Christine swam over to Dave and popped up between his legs resting a hand on each of his thighs. They chatted for a while about nothing in particular. She was being far from discrete when it came to her objective, she looked back and forth between Dave's face and his penis several times before taking the initiative. Dave just enjoyed himself and let her do whatever she wanted.

"You certainly are nice and big now Daddy." Lilly exclaimed.

Dave looked down at Lilly grinning from ear to ear with his erect penis millimetres from her lips.

"Would you like to take me from behind now Daddy?" Lilly asked.

Dave was momentarily confused as he was certain that Lilly said that she was going to ride him. No matter, Dave remembered in an improv class once that they were told to just say 'yes' and go with it so he nodded the phone up and down.

Dave stepped back slightly and panned the phone up to frame Lilly's face and breasts as she stood and asked, "Over on the pool lounge Daddy?"

Dave nodded the phone and then Lilly turned and walked over to the pool lounge. He followed her and when he arrived, Lilly was on all fours with her arse pointed skywards.

"Be gently with me Daddy." she said as Dave approached.

This bit was a bit awkward: Dave was holding his phone in his dominant hand for better control, naturally. However, he also used his dominant hand to guide himself when entering a woman in a position such as this. Clumsily, Dave guided his penis as accurately as he could and by more good luck than good management found himself inside Lilly once more.

"Oh Daddy, fuck me with that big cock of yours." Lilly said as she started to rock back and forth impaling herself on Dave's penis as she did so.

With Lilly providing all of the movement, Dave was able to concentrate on framing the shot so that he covered enough of her hips and arse as well as enough of his shaft to see Lilly's juices glistening in the afternoon sun.

After a few minutes, Lilly reached back with both hands and spread her arse cheeks saying, "Deeper Daddy! Deeper!"

Dave kept the phone pointing at the action and tried for a bit of a side shot so that he could see her breasts sloshing around too. "Can I ride you now Daddy?" Lilly asked.

Dave stepped back and withdrew from Lilly. She stood up, looked at him and he did the nodding panning thing with the phone. So far, they'd managed to do the whole thing in one shot. However, Dave clipped the side of the other pool lounge and lost his balance. He managed to hold on to the phone, but only barely.

"Oh Fuck! We were going pretty good up until now." Dave remarked.

"That's OK," Lilly said before adding, "keep rolling and just go back to where I was standing in front of you and you nodded at me. OK?"

"Cool." Dave said as he got himself up.

"You doing OK?" Lilly asked.

"Yes, fine. I'm starting to get the hang of this." Dave replied.

Once he was back in place, Dave gave Lilly a thumbs up and she nodded her assent. He counted to three and then did the nodding movement of the phone. This time, he managed to walk over to the pool lounge and lay down on his back without tripping over.

Lilly straddled the pool lounge and said, "I love it when I get to ride you Daddy."

Dave panned down from her face to her pussy as she took hold of his penis and guided it inside her once more. As she rode him, he tried to get good coverage of her facial expressions, her breasts bouncing wildly as well as his shaft regularly disappearing inside her only to reappear again.

This situation was very reminiscent of what Christine and Dave used to do in the wee hours of the morning sometimes, however, they usually did it on the pool lounge that Dave had just tripped over and he was definitely not holding a camera.

What happened next was a little unexpected considering their last encounter. Lilly went through all of the moaning and groaning leading up to her orgasm. This time, however, when she had her climax, Dave could feel her vagina clench down. Lilly was having a real orgasm, not faking one like the other night.

"Oh Daddy!" she said several times as she rode him.

"Do you want to come in my mouth and let me taste it Daddy." she asked.

Lilly's orgasm had given Dave's a little helping hand and he was getting pretty close. He nodded the phone indicating his agreement and Lilly said, "Yummy, let me taste you."

Dave fell out of her immediately as Lilly stood and said, "Stand up so that you can get a good view Daddy."

As directed, Dave stood and Lilly knelt down in front of him again. Teasing the end of his penis with her tongue briefly, Lilly got back to sucking soon enough. It only took him another minute or two and he was finally overcome as his ejaculation commenced. Dave tried to keep his cool and maintain the shot hoping that he did not do anything silly with the phone that would wreck the come shot.

As his penis kept spasming, Dave enjoyed the sensation until it gradually faded away. At that point, Lilly was still latched on the the end of Dave's old fella sucking for dear life. Once she felt that he'd finished ejaculating, she pulled back and opened her mouth showing that she was holding all of his semen in her mouth.

Dave held Lilly's eyes and mouth in frame as she let his semen slosh around in her mouth guided by her tongue. After a short time, she closed her mouth and made an exaggerated swallowing motion before opening her mouth to show that it was now empty.

"That was delicious Daddy. Did you like watching me drink your come?" Lilly asked.

Dave did the nodding thing again and then Lilly said, "Is it OK with you if I continue my nude sunbathing Daddy?"

Dave kept Lilly's begging face in frame down to her nipples for several seconds before nodding once more.

Lilly turned her back to the phone, took her place on the pool lounge with her legs spread wide and said, "Thanks Daddy." before laying back down.

After laying still for about fifteen seconds, Lilly sat up and said, "Brilliant. You can stop the recording now."

"That went fairly well Dave. Are you sure you haven't shot amateur porn before?" Lilly said.

"No, this is all new to me." Dave replied.

"Well you did a great job." Lilly praised.

"Well I had a good director." he countered.

"How do you feel? Are you OK? You know, with the sex stuff?" Lilly asked.

"Um, it was good. I was still a bit nervous, but I seemed to be getting the hang of it. I especially like how your dialogue was both dialogue and directorial notes. Oh and yes, um you came for real didn't you?" Dave replied.

"Well actually yes. I wasn't sure that you noticed." Lilly responded.

"I noticed all right. You really enjoyed yourself. I'm glad that you got off." he said.

"OK Dave, enough of this self-congratulation. Let's get this footage into my editing suite and see what I can make of it." Lilly said.

Dave lead Lilly back into the house and then into his office. He plugged his phone into his computer and rummaged through his top drawer for an empty flash drive. He did a quick format and then copied the video file from the phone to the flash drive.

After not long at all, the file was copied, Dave ejected the drive and handed it to Lilly.

"Thanks Dave." she said as she gave him a kiss on the cheek and headed for the front door.

"Are you forgetting anything Lilly?" he asked.

"I don't think so." Lilly replied holding out the flash drive in the palm of her hand.

"Well, when you get arrested for indecent exposure, don't say that didn't try to stop you." Dave responded echoing her statement from the other evening.

"Oh fuck. We're both still naked." Lilly said as she changed direction and headed for the dining room.

"Don't forget your tablet computer too." Dave yelled after her.

"Got it." she yelled back.

Lilly reappeared at his office door once more, this time with her gown wrapped around her.

"This should be a quick edit. I'll bring it by later tonight and we can watch it before I publish it." Lilly said.

"I look forward to it." he replied.

***

For the rest of the afternoon, Dave checked some emails, did the vacuuming that he was going to do before Lilly paid her visit and prepared some dinner. Normally, he cooked for two and froze what he didn't use. Not because he's a glutton, just because recipes are normally sized for two or more. Just as Dave was about to plate up, there was a knock at the front door.

He was still naked and briefly considered getting dressed before he heard, "It's only me Dave." in Lilly's familiar voice.

Dave walked to the front door, stood back and opened it to let her in.

"Still naked! You dirty old man." Lilly said by way of greeting.

"What about you little miss, you're still wearing the same gown. Have you had a shower yet?" he replied as he closed the door.

"Not any more and yes, if you must know." Lilly said as she let her gown slip off her in the hallway.

"That photo's new!" Lilly said with a puzzled look in her face.

"Yes, my parents just sent it." Dave replied.

"You and Jim don't look anything alike in that photo." Lilly said looking closer.

"It's his beard." Dave explained.

"So it is. Wait until you see this." Lilly said excitedly as she held the flash drive from earlier today in Dave's face.

"Have you eaten today?" he asked as she headed off down the hallway towards the dining room.

"What?" she yelled.

Dave followed her down the hallway and when he reached the dining room, he saw that she was already plugging the flash drive into his TV.

"I said, have you eaten today." Dave said repeating his question.

"Um, I don't think so." she replied absent-mindedly.

Whilst she was fiddling with the TV, Dave returned to the kitchen, got out a second plate and served up for two. With utensils balanced precariously, he navigated across the kitchen, through the dinging room and into the lounge room.

"Here. Eat." said Dave as he sat, placing a plate of food in front of her.

"Oh, pasta!" she squealed with delight before she pressed 'play' and picked up her plate.

Over a naked dinner that night, Dave sat next to the naked woman with whom he'd just shot his debut POV pornographic video and watched the aforementioned pornographic video. Lilly did a great job of editing and he thought that it looked great. Great pace, great action. Much better than he remembered.

"I can see that you like it." Lilly said.

Not following her meaning, Dave saw her glancing at his penis, now well and truly erect.

"Well, I suppose I did. This is really hot." Dave replied leaning over to give her a kiss on the cheek.

After their viewing was finished, Lilly went home to post the video online. Dave cleaned up the dishes and then masturbated in the shower before turning in for the evening. It was quite an eventful day.

