The refugees had certainly not wasted the time they'd been away-- the town didn't look abandoned anymore, by any stretch. Roofs had been patched, storefronts opened, gardens planted, and the fireplace in their central hall had been cleaned out and set with a cheerful blaze. Luke and Guy were sitting near that fire at one of the tables, Guy toying with a mug of Cid's tea-- no less toxic the second time around, but at least it was warm-- and Luke staring at not much of anything.

Luke was moping-- just a little, but Guy knew the signs. He knew Luke, and could guess easily enough what was on his friend's mind. He'd thought about it himself, even-- the question of what they were going to do next.

Their odd little group didn't really have a reason to stay together, anymore, now that the mystery was solved and the enemy defeated. And despite not really knowing many of them all that well, Guy thought that he would still be sad to see them all break up and go their separate ways. They'd been through a lot together, after all, and there was a certain connection between them. They were the only ones who really understood the unique position they were all in.

Still, some were already talking, and everyone seemed to have different opinions on what was the best plan of action. Yuri had suggested going back to the second world to follow up on some newly-decrypted information-- another lab, at the very least, a small one in a remote series of keys called Destiny Islands. Luke had rolled his eyes at the argument and muttered that he just wanted to be able to retire on a beach; they'd seen endless advertisements for the nearby resort town of Costa del Sol, after all.

Then there was the fact that Kimberly had vanished after they'd all come back through the portal, which meant that Roy at least wanted to go hunt him down, and he was trying to convince Jade to go along with him. David and Rush wanted to go back to Trabia, to see how David's city-state had survived the uprisings, and to help if they could-- obviously David wouldn't be able to use the Nassau family name and take over where he left off, but he seemed certain that he would figure something out.

Guy had already taken Luke aside and asked if he wanted to do something similar in Kimlasca, but after some discussion they eventually decided against the idea. David's sixty years was a lot different from their two hundred, after all; people like Pere notwithstanding, there were probably few enough who even remembered the name Fabre, and all of Luke's people had had a long time to get used to thinking of themselves as Archadian. Going back and stirring up civil unrest wouldn't be doing anyone any favours.

Guy sighed quietly, looking at Luke over the lip of his mug and wishing that decision didn't make so much sense.

The door cracked open as Seifer and Squall trooped in to the hall, their back-and-forth bickering a familiar sound. Those two still fought as much as ever, on the surface, but Guy thought they looked a lot more comfortable with each other these days-- and with themselves. The two of them sat down, nodded at Guy easily enough-- Seifer did, anyway-- and dug into a pack of rations.

"So," Luke said, with a light-heartedness Guy knew he didn't fully feel. "You decided what you're going to do, yet?"

"Probably going to give the mercenary thing a go after all," Seifer said, shrugging. "Hell, 's not like we're good for anything else, and there's definitely some shit out there that needs fighting. I mean, shit, think about it," he added with a rakish grin. "We'll be invincible. We can name our price."

"Not like there are many that will be able to pay it," Squall muttered, and Seifer shot him a glare.

"Ain't you just a ray of fucking sunshine. This was your idea, princess. Anyway," Seifer finished, "you an' Guy can come along, if ya want."

Luke blinked in surprise. "Really?"

Seifer snorted. "Or not, no difference to me. Ain't gonna say no to another sword-arm, 's all."

"Maybe," Luke said, looking like he was seriously considering it. "We'll think about it."

Guy had to admit there was some appeal to the idea of being part of an elite troupe like that. And it would mean they wouldn't be completely on their own when they left this place. He could deal with travelling with those two, he'd kind of got used to them over the last-- however long it had been since they'd pulled Squall out of that tank. But still--

Seifer studied them a moment, then shrugged again. "We're gonna head out soon, anyway. Tomorrow, maybe, if we can get our supplies together all right. You make up your mind before then, you can come along, or you can track us down after."

Luke's smile at that looked a lot more genuine, to Guy's eyes. "Thanks."

Seifer and Squall did indeed leave the next morning-- surprisingly enough, with Cloud in tow. Guy watched them go with Luke a brooding presence beside him. "This really is it, hunh," Luke said.

Guy didn't answer. Those three were the first of them to leave, but they wouldn't be the last.

When they stuck their heads into the main hall, Jade immediately waved them over. He had their datascreen sitting in front of him on the table, just like always. "You still at it?" Guy asked as he sat.

"There's plenty of data still to be decrypted. Some of it may prove important. And speaking of which--" He pushed the 'screen toward them with one finger, pointing to the text scrolling out across the display.

"What's this?" Luke asked.

"Perhaps nothing," Jade replied blandly. "A memo of some kind, which we obtained at the last facility we visited. It details the concerns one of the project's employees had about whether Archades was upholding its part in the agreement. It seems as though this person had cause to believe the Archadians were creating their own test facilities and keeping some subjects back from the main program, creating a private army for themselves."

"Yeah, that sounds like Archades," Guy said. "I can easily see them wanting a little more for themselves. Could have just been paranoia, though; I don't think Archades has given people much reason to trust them over the years."

"Indeed it could. Except that I did a little digging and found that there is some evidence that supports the accusation."

"So?" Luke asked, puzzled. "You think there are some labs in Archades that we haven't been to yet, then?"

"It seems likely. And," he added, "I imagine that the subjects in those facilities would have been selected much the same way we ourselves were. Prisoners and military candidates. Hostages of war." He gave them both a pointed look, and Guy's eyes slowly went wide as he followed Jade's logic to the conclusion.

"You don't think--" Luke gaped at Jade, having drawn his own conclusions as well. "Asch?"

"There's no guarantee of that," Jade immediately countered, though there was a tiny smile on his face. "There are obviously no records of who was put into this little private army, and certainly no guarantee that any of them survived the process."

"But come on," Guy said, a smile of his own beginning to grow, "can you really see Asch quietly living out the rest of his life as a hostage? Not likely. Sticking him in a tank might have been the only way to stop him glaring."

Luke laughed, the sound a little strangled but something bright and hopeful clear on his face. He met Guy's eyes. "Do you really--"

Guy nodded. "I think there's a chance. And it's not like we had anything better to do, right?"

"All right," Luke said. "Let's go."