It was a simple thing really. That was at first anyway, I wanted retribution and humiliation, for my husband that was. The simple facts were; he'd cheated. OK it was a little more complex than that but I wasn't concerned with the excuses I wanted revenge. So I got it and then some.

The cheating happened one Sunday afternoon when we visited the local pub. My husband, the father of our two daughters, caught the eye of Sue the tart behind the bar who, I guess was feeling in the mood. Anyway basically she flirted with him when he was at the bar getting drinks, which was a little annoying as I was only a few paces away shepherding the kids.

Now I have to guess but I suppose with every patron outside and her alone looking after the back bar she was bored. When Geoff went to order food I suspect she did a number on him which wasn't difficult because she was strutting about in short shorts and a loose top, so showing a lot to everyone.

Sue's in her mid thirties and divorced so happy to flaunt her body about (have to admit she has a good body) and I know for certain she's had a number of relationships with the punters over the past couple of years and Geoff was now on her hit list.

Anyway after ordering the food, which seemed to take an age, he sat chatting but when Sue delivered our meals personally, unusual because the kitchen staff normally do this, I was certain she flashed her tits at him.

Now I was angry but this didn't help because Geoff was playing dumb and I was made to feel foolish. I then made a big mistake and when he offered another drink I said no waiting until he got another pint before telling him I wanted to go home. So after a rather stupid exchange I left him chatting to some other friends of ours as I took the children home.

He didn't return after an hour and he didn't answer his mobile but with the girls happily playing in the garden it was difficult to go check on him. Anyway it was almost two hours later he appeared and his attitude made me very suspicious. As soon as I got close I realised he reeked of her perfume and I went wild.

We had a row and he denied everything only of course not only was he smelling of her I could see some faint lipstick smudges which he found impossible to argue away. I hit him, screamed at him and told him to go which he did but only as far as the car on our drive.

I tried to pull it to together so the girls weren't too upset then after an hour of sitting crying I made some tea for them and began the bedtime routine. After they were tucked in bed I went out to the car and knocked on the window. Geoff wound it down and I asked him calmly to come into the house.

We sat silently for several minutes then I started. I was calm and controlled and explained he smelled of her perfume (stank would have been closer) and he was had her lipstick on him. He again denied it so I asked him to prove it by getting out of his clothes so I could look at them. After some arguments; it was silly, I was being ridiculous etc. he complied and that was when he realised his boxers had cum marks on them and the base of his cock had smudges of the same pink lipstick.

So what to do? I was calm and told him I understood why it happened but needed him to admit it. Of course we still had prevarication but eventually he admitted she'd come on to him and given him oral sex only that was a lie as well. I ignored this and asked if he'd used a condom since she was having sex with many blokes but he went back to the blow-job story.

Now this was the crossroads and I simply insisted I'd forgive him but only if he came clean and pointed out that I needed to come to terms with this and trust him and also that frankly she wouldn't have just wanted oral sex she was the one keen to do it.

Finally he admitted she seduced him and begged forgiveness. I was the queen of cool and said that while I would try to that he owed me and I would want payback. He was all over me then but I suggested that he sleep in the spare room and since he was not trustworthy yet he would have to do what I told him. He agreed.

Now it's weird to say this but I felt empowered and in control, sure I was hopping mad, but I knew from Geoff's reaction he was desperate to do anything to keep me so I could devise whatever retribution I wanted.

It was the following day that I made up my mind to make his life a living hell. I had no wish to forgive him and every time I thought about it I got angrier and angrier. So I decided to become as cruel as I could to him and punish him for as long as I could get away with it.

The first part had already happened; he was in the spare room, the second was something that came to me that lunchtime when I was thinking that it was hard to control his dick if he wanted to put it places he shouldn't. Simple I realised, deny him that option. I went online and began to look for the item in question and while I did this I began to hit some rather explicit sites. This got me thinking further.

Anyway I made Geoff do a lot of housework and treat me well for the next week or so until it arrived. The cock cage was basically a plastic and metal device that fitted around the base of his balls with a tube that slid over his cock then bent it so he couldn't get hard. It was then locked with a key.

Geoff was quite upset when I showed it to him but when he refused to put it on I told him to leave and not come back as clearly he was going to sleep with someone else again. That started a row but I was in control and eventually he let me put it on him; for a day or two, so he thought.

That evening I got him to please me with his tongue. It was fun knowing that he was having difficulties down below as I got excited and I made him do me for an hour, with three really good climaxes then sent him back to the spare room.

My next humiliation was to insist he let me tie him to the spare bed so I could sit on his face until I wanted to stop. Again he complained but was more obliging this time and allowed it to happen that night. I made sure he ate me for ages then I left him to go back downstairs him cursing under his breath (so he didn't wake our small children) and I kept him there for another two hours.

This was repeated several times over each of the next few weeks only I now had sets of handcuffs which I used on him. Then one Saturday the children were at my mothers for the afternoon and I really did a number on him:

I made him kneel in the lounge naked; cuffed hand and feet as he ate me for about an hour, me watching the TV. Then I made him hop to the toilet and I had a pee only after I'd finished I got him to clean me with his mouth. He looked upset but didn't say no. he kept asking me if he was getting out of the cage but I said he was still on parole. 

I still felt he needed to be punished much more and it was during the purchase of the cuffs and cock cage I'd seen some pretty wild stuff including cuckolding sites. So now I was considering making Geoff suffer as I had, only he would have to see it unfold and know he could do nothing to stop it!

The more I thought about the more it appealed to me both emotionally and sexually then the thought came to me, if I did it why not with a black man? It wasn't that either of us were particularly racist but there are so many rumours about black men; size of cock and the suggestion that black sexing is addictive so if nothing else I knew it would be especially hurtful to Geoff. I would also make sure if possible the guy was hung and make a big play of the `once you go black...' thing.

So I decided this would be the retribution I was seeking but how to make it happen?
As it turned out it was simple; I found a contact site and looked at a few men then without letting Geoff know why he was doing it (he thought it part of his continued humiliation) I got him to take some shots of me in a bikini and a few naked then I sent them off to two different men.

Their replies included some shots of their cocks and I was able to see that one of them was really hung so he was going to be the guy. I then made the arrangements, surprisingly without any second thoughts. I told him about Geoff and how I wanted payback and he agreed to stay over and make the whole scene really upsetting for him.

Geoff had no idea what was going on when two weeks later I arranged for the girls to have a sleepover at their granny's for two nights only I think he knew that, still being in his cage (seven weeks now), he was going to be punished again.

That Friday I dressed really sexily (I'm not bad looking) and had spent a small fortune having my hair done and getting a makeover. I looked good in a new short dress, hold-ups and heels plus the feeling of a body stocking under it. Geoff got naked and I put him in a chair in our bedroom cuffed so he was immobile then I left him for an hour before returning to gag him.

I then told him what was about to happen although I don't think he believed me not even when I put the pack of condoms on the bedside cabinet. Anyway fifteen minutes later the bell sounded and his face dropped. 

"My new lover's here!" I said sweetly then left him to answer the door.

The guy was quite a bit older than me, I was twenty seven he was late forties but fit and strong looking. He gave me a big smile and said hi. Once inside we kissed tentatively then had a drink in the lounge. We chatted for a while before he said he'd come here for more than just chat so I said ok let's go to bed!

Geoff looked shocked when the guy came in and we began to kiss. His hands were all over me and my dress was soon off. He loved the body stocking and popped the poppers at the gusset then petted me for a few minutes (I was really wet) then asked me to undress him.

When I pulled down his trousers his boxers came as well and there stood a cock that was several inches longer and fatter than my husband's! I held it then with a look at Geoff said: "Is this what Sue did?" before sucking on it. 

I gave oral for five minutes as he removed the rest of his clothes then he told me it was time and I kicked off my heels and got on the bed.

Now this was the sexiest part. We kissed and he got on me then with Geoff jumping up and down on his seat I looked across and let the man push his cock into me slowly as I stretched out. God he was big! I slowly grew used to it and then he began to drive deeper and I realised I was going to climax.

My first orgasm was huge and I couldn't help yell as it hit me. Then he went to the hilt and I felt him pushing past my cervix which actually hurt quite a bit but I was soon getting close again and held him to me as I hit my second orgasm. Geoff was still going mad but I just looked across and said; "So this is what you did with Sue isn't it?"

Now the guy was getting a head of steam and it was only as he began to pant hard I realised he didn't have a condom on. I somehow managed to get him to stop then stuck one on his angry looking erection; the pre-cum and my slime made this easier than might have been as it was a little too small.

He felt good back inside me so I urged him to cum as we raced to a mutual climax. I was on a high for ages enjoying being sexed by a stranger in front of Goff plus being black it felt even more taboo.

We lay together kissing and I said thank you to him several times before we got up. I told Geoff I'd remove the gag if he behaved, and when he nodded I did.

"Now listen! Mike is staying with us and will be sexing me. If you don't want to sit here all that time you must promise not to shout, get angry or threaten to leave and if you do go don't ever come back! If you can behave then you will be released although I'd like your wrists cuffed just in case."

"I'll behave." He stated flatly.

"Good." I let him out and he dashed for a pee then after I'd let him dress he allowed me to cuff his wrists again. I gave Mike, Geoff's favourite shirt and shorts to wear while I wore his favourite jumper, like a very short dress, making a small stain on it as my damp sex leaked. We sat watching a porn DVD which I'd purchased especially for the evening which of course had a white woman having sex with a black man.

Once we got hot Mike wanted to take me again so I rolled on a condom then let him do me on all fours in front of Geoff who despite looking as if he was going to be sick, said nothing. This time I had just one orgasm but it was really powerful.

Bedtime was fun; I insisted Geoff sleep in the spare room his ankle cuffed to the bed which meant the next day, after I'd had sex with Mike again I had to release him before he had an accident. That day was actually quite quiet; Mike slobbed about but neither of us wanted sex so in the end he went home to change and I finally had a shower.

Geoff then asked me why I'd done this since it was way beyond a single drunken act of his but I pointed out he had cheated on the whole family while I was simply getting even. So we had a silent afternoon until Mike turned up about seven and it started over.

This time it was raw sex and he was very, very physical. I came several times but he didn't so we stopped and had a shower together and this turned into a sex session. We stopped and dried each other; I was a little surprised he had wilted but I blew him and we went at it again on the bed for ages until he called a stop after my third climax and we went down for some food.

That night I made Geoff watch us do it again then sent him to the spare room (not cuffed this time) before sleeping. I was woken with Mike hammering at me which he did for a while until I asked if he was wearing anything. He said oops and suggested we stop and have breakfast then do it one last time before he left.

After breakfast Mike and I showered again and once more we did it, Mike going at me quite hard although I said he needed to stop well before he came. After we paused, he soaped me down and I him, then we cleaned ourselves off before drying and going back to the bedroom. I blew him again and feeling like a prostitute I rolled on the condom helping it down his cock with my mouth before we made love one final time.

I let him out with a kiss and a thank you then went up to Geoff and to his surprise I undid the cage. His cock looked rather puny but I massaged it and it rose until he was fully hard then I whispered to him that if he ever did anything like that again I would leave him forever. I then made love to my husband heedless of the fact he wore nothing and we both came hard very quickly.

Things should have been settled after that but they were not. To my utter surprise Geoff kept on and on about watching me with the black guy and how he'd seen the guy's bare cock up me that first time and had been desperate to tell me before he came in me. After the forth or fifth time I asked him if he's been turned on watching the guy using me and he whispered "yes, a little."

Now that was both a shock and a turn on because clearly the sex had a great effect on me and for the next two days we talked about just how erotic it had been and I told Geoff in various different way that I'd loved having a black cock up me.

So it was, that just three days later Mike visited again (he was really eager when I called) and Geoff, (without the cage) watched and tossed off as the black man took me, fucking me really hard. The really sexy thing was he was only wearing a condom for the final five minutes having pulled out just before he went over the top.

I was now unsure about how I felt being sexed by another man because it was actually unbelievably good and I loved it! In the end after Mike went home I confessed this to Geoff who smiled and said `good' because he found it the hottest thing, as long as I still loved him, which I told him honestly that I did.

So Mike enthusiastically returned that Friday only this time the girls were with us so he crept into our bedroom and we locked the door before he did me. Once again I let him take me for about thirty minutes before the condom went on; It might have been a problem if he'd been unable to hold back but he seemed to keep very good control.  I had a huge climax as did Geoff, twice!

Because I liked it so much Mike and I made love in the shower the next morning and just like before he stopped before he climaxed and we soaped each other down sensuously then dried off before heading to the bed to start again. It was a really fantastic thing to do and I loved it.

There was a problem that morning however as Maddie our five-year old had woken and tried to get into our room while we were in the shower and after banging on the door Geoff was forced to let her in, meaning Mike and I were trapped in the en-suite.

Geoff managed to persuade our eldest to set breakfast with him (although she really wanted to see mummy in the shower) and they took our two-year old with them. Now bizarrely Mike was even hornier after this and insisted he simply had to have me with the door open which strangely got me very excited as well. I did the prostitute condom thing on him before went at it one last time for nearly thirty minutes. After we finished he willingly slid down the stair and out the front door with a quick kiss and a `see you next week'. I went to find the family and had breakfast feeling very content.

Mike did visit, yet again, the very next weekend; for the day on Saturday. This time the children were at Geoff's parents so it was more relaxed. I dressed to thrill and he took me on all fours again in the front room. I even blew my husband that afternoon before Mike suggested we have another sensuous shower which I happily did. This time as we lay on the bed he was very gentle with me and spent ages sexing me which gave me a major climax.

Geoff and I then had great sex once he'd gone, me doing my pro-condom thing (as I did often now) and I loved it, getting to yet another orgasm the fifth or sixth of my highly sexed day. Geoff was really surprised when I told him I didn't want to see Mike again. I explained I didn't want any complications and I just got the feeling that it might if we continued like this and I loved my husband so just wanted sex, raw with no strings.

There was a discussion to be had with my husband and I wasn't sure how he would feel about it since I was now definitely hooked and realised `once you go black you never go back' really does have some basis after all. It is a heady cocktail; size and the taboo nature of interracial sex between a married white woman and a black guy.

Geoff was actually really cool about my wish to continue to indulge so we agreed that I'd try to find another man by the same means as before and he'd be ok about it. This time Geoff took pictures of me dressed for sex and playing with myself then I fired the emails off; it was still only the Monday after Mike's final visit. Things gathered pace really quickly and I had three to select from by Wednesday only when I chose one and asked him over he was not around for a while so I went with number two the next weekend.

He arrived and was far more physical than my first lover and I guess felt I was just a piece of meat for him to fuck. That was fine and we did it twice before he left and I then gave Geoff his turn enjoying it all quite a lot. The next week was number ones turn and he was different again. He wanted it slow and sensuous and loved giving me oral sex which drove me wild. He got me to climax loads of times and I was really shattered after over two hours of hot sex which had the added stimulus of Geoff taking pictures of me as I gave my married pussy to a virtual stranger.

Geoff and I were making love more than before which only went to show it was good for his sex life as well as mine. I must confess however I was beginning to fantasise about stranger sex and even had dark thoughts about one or two men I saw when I was out, not that I did anything. I found out I was pregnant the very next week having missed my period and knew at once how it had happened; namely after my first time with Mike when Geoff had taken me with no rubber.

 I was actually pleased as we wanted another although it rather put paid to our new sex life. Geoff however suggested that if I wanted to I could have a little uninhibited fun for the next few weeks before I was showing and I thought this a fantastic idea. I invited each of the men I'd been with in turn and it was really great, especially as Mike was happy to go without condoms (although the other were not) and Geoff took a couple of `after' shots with my sex dribbling sperm.

I'd taught my husband a lesion which as it turned out had become a lifestyle for a short while. Once I was showing I didn't feel like being with anyone but Geoff as I was feeling mumsy again so this was a natural end point. Mike, who had been over three times since I'd found out I was pregnant was more than a little disappointed as he told me he got a real buzz having sex with a married white woman in front of her husband especially when the kids were in the house as well.

Mike kept in touch and tried to stay friends with us although I never had sex with him however on one occasion when I was about seven months gone he popped over and was having a beer with us, when he looked over and said that until now he'd never realised before just how sexy pregnant women were. I said don't be ridiculous but he asked Geoff what he though and my husband agreed. Mike then asked if we had any pictures of me like this and when we said no he persuaded Geoff to get the camera and took a few shots of Geoff and I together.

It was weird but he then said I should show my belly properly and after a `go on' from Geoff I undid the front of my dress from just under the breasts and let it fall either side of the bump. I was sitting on Geoff's lap as Mike took pictures of him holding my bump. These weren't sexual but rather fun never the less. I was a little uncertain when Mike asked to have picture of him rubbing the bump as well but Geoff said ok and so I sat on his lap and he held me for a few minutes until I got off. Actually it was fine and he didn't take liberties but he still got me damp though I never told either of them.

So my life was fine, well for a while until the baby appeared and was jet black. The shock was to say the least really hard to take for us as we knew that it was both our faults but didn't know how overcome this one. In the end we lied to family and friends that Geoff couldn't give us a boy so had used donor sperm and there had been a mix-up. It was weak and not over convincing mainly because we didn't seem to believe it but the more you say a lie the more it feels like the truth and so it became easier.

However Mike visited me in hospital to deliver some flowers then took one look at the baby and with a smile declared he had always know the baby was going to be his! He then told me that he would insist he be put on the birth certificate. The boy had his features plus the other two men had only made love to me one day each before I was pregnant so it seemed likely besides when I thought about it I'd taken a few risks with Mike.

Geoff was really little put out by this but Mike suggested he would get a DNA test to prove it if we didn't consent and then make sure the world knew what had gone on. It was such an embarrassing thing to admit to so in the end we agreed to it just to stop him. There were other issues to face as a consequence which we didn't consider at that moment but just let it proceed. No sooner was I home from hospital than Mike claimed his right to access to the baby. It was awkward but we had little or no choice (he told us he'd bring it to court if he didn't) so we relented and said ok, besides as we were only too aware the child really was his.

To convince our friends and family we faked letters from solicitors before pretending to have meeting to examine our options about the mistake. We then told everyone that the disclaimer we'd signed covered this so we were stuck but added that anyway we loved our new son. We were so convincing all our friends seemed to believe it and as long as Mike played ball we would be ok.

Mike came over most Saturdays and was sweet with his son but he was also very sexual towards me. He brought me flowers and the occasional gift and despite my resistance he worked on me; we would always kiss goodbye, at first just a peck but these became a little more prolonged. He kept up a dialogue of sexual talk and this was impossible to be immune to since I'd been intimate with the man over many months.

One day when I guess he realised I was more vulnerable his kissed lingered, in fact we kissed two or three times. The next week he gave me a deep kiss when he arrived then after he'd spent time with Josh he gave me a gift which I opened to find a white baby-doll style nightdress set. It was silk and looked expensive so I said wow and kissed him. It was stupid because it became very prolonged and then he asked me in a sexy voice if he could see me in it! Geoff and the girl's were out and I had a choice but in truth he'd got me with my defences down and I slipped away returning in the outfit.

The nightdress was very short coming just in line with my crotch so the silk panties were on full view. They had a little heart on them that matched the motif on the front of the top. Of course here I was standing like this in front of my former lover knowing that as soon as I'd agreed to show him, we were going to make love again. I'll be honest here that I'd been thinking about sleeping with him again for the past couple of weeks as he'd been pushing all the right buttons.

Geoff knew that Mike was pushing to become intimate again and despite his urging me not to get too close to the man he knew I eventually would and even said so a few nights in bed.

Because of this I didn't tell Geoff immediately which made me feel like a real adulteress but of course when Mike expected sex the very next week I couldn't say no but decided to make Geoff aware of what was going down. In fact I text him to say I hoped it was ok but Mike would be spending the afternoon with me. Geoff was a big boy so would know what this meant

It was only three weeks later that Geoff sat once again as Mike kissed me and then with a sly glance at him suggested I blew him. I gave Geoff a look then asked if he was still cool about all this which he said he was and frankly we'd talked about nothing else in bed for the past few days. Anyway I got onto my knees and after ten minutes, we were both getting really hot, I let him undress me and once again we did it in front of Geoff. I was thankfully the girls were both at a party.

Mike made it clear he expected some access to me frequently from now on and then added that not only did he know I liked having sex with him but we both needed him to play ball about the baby's conception. I tried to sound confident and relaxed about it but we all knew the situation was Mike's to control. Then he told us that he wanted things to `change a little'.

His first demand to keep my sex free from hair which meant shaving. It was quite a strange feeling after I did it walking about but, as I suspected he knew, it made me feel a little turned on especially when he also got me to wear thongs and thin lacy knickers. He then sent me links to internet shopping sites getting me to buy clothing that was sexy and in some cases highly revealing.

Geoff wasn't happy although in truth he got off after every encounter with Mike and I think he liked the fact that I was being sexually manipulated by the man. We had sex for several weeks me turning up and spending time with him in his bedroom. I was dressing in shorter skirts and flimsy clothes but I also had some that I kept at his place to change into if he wanted me to look more tarty.

On his birthday I changed into a short summer dress and heels but without anything else. It made me feel really turned on but to my horror Mike had friends turn up to watch some sport and I spent all my time trying not to flash my bare pussy at them which was difficult as the dress was mid-thigh. After they left he put two fingers in me and laughed when he found I was gushing telling me I was such a slut.

Four months into our latest affair he told me he wanted me to get my nipple pierced and to have the hair on my pussy permanently removed by electrolysis. I said a flat no but the very next afternoon he was camped on my doorstep while I had three mums over for coffee. To get him to leave (they, like everyone else, would have vanished from my life if they new the real truth about Josh) I agreed to do it and even have my nipples pierced that weekend.

Having agreed to this and the last request that on Saturday I come alone and stay over, I had to let Geoff know and of course he was unhappy but simply asked me to be careful. I felt like a whore standing in Mike's bedroom the next weekend dressed in a stretch outfit that had cut-outs so my newly pierced nipples were on display as was my sex which had received the first of three treatments a couple of days before.

He kissed me and playing with me then before I could say anything we were at it and he'd erupted in me before I could yell 'condom!' "No point using them now!" he stated grinning. We spent all night having sex bareback and although I shouldn't have I enjoyed it rather a lot. I went home full of his cum feeling really guilty but at least this time I knew what he'd done so got the morning after pill which saved me from any further embarrassment. 

I agreed to go away for the night with Mike a few months later although I wasn't that upset over the prospect if I'm honest. The night away was of course high risk and as soon as I arrived at his place I knew it was a mistake. Firstly my overnight bag and handbag were discarded (along with the condoms I'd bought in case he `forgot') and I was ordered to dress in my semi see-through top, which showed my nipple rings a little too much with a pair of tight shorts which as always gave me a camel toe. I also wore my knee length boots. He played with me through my shorts as we drove away so despite trying to stop him I had a stain at the front. I thought we were heading for a hotel which would mean some serious embarrassment running the gauntlet of reception.

An hour later were in another large town and within a large high-rise estate. I became very nervous but Mike said it was fine then escorted me to a third floor apartment from which I could here several male voices inside. I stopped Mike and begged him not to do whatever he had in mind (which I figured was to share me with some of his friends) but he laughed and said I was going to have the fucking of a lifetime then dragged me to the doorway.

Inside there must have been at least seven black guys some looking really mean and one who made me shudder just to look at him. Now Mike is middle class so these men were very different to him so I stood watching as he chatted to one of them who seemed to be having a small argument with him but eventually they shook hands and as one of the men grabbed my arm Mike left with a `have fun!'

Now I'm not going to go into much detail here because frankly I don't remember half of it. This was more or less rape, ok less because I was dressed slutty and my shorts were saturated with my own juices but I really didn't want this. They sat me down and told me that I could have it easy or hard. Easy meant I wouldn't say no, argue, cry or complain and do just as I was told, then I would be treated nice and they'd just fuck me and ask for a little oral. The hard way, they said, meant I would still get fucked but there would be no holes barred, if I got their drift and would not be treated well at all. One of them mentioned water sports which made me blanch so without thinking about what might happen that night I said. "I'll be good."


They took turns with me that afternoon and evening passed around from man to man and this continued overnight. The men rotated so that while there were usually a number in the place the faces changed. I had sex so often and got no rest that I could remember; if I wasn't having sex I was giving oral. Surprisingly and very thankfully they all used condoms, it was something I'd heard Mike asking for, which was a big relief but despite getting through a whole bottle of lubricant I was still quite sore by mid-morning. I never saw a white face in all that time but they were true to their promise as no one was rough with me except a few times when I had my hair pulled while I was sucking a cock which hurt but actually considering just how much I went through they were good to me. 

Then that all changed. I was in the bedroom taking a youngish guy for what must have been the fifth time since I'd arrived when I heard the voices of many people. I could see out of the bedroom door and noticed there were lots of men coming in and out of the house looking at me and laughing. The man I was with wouldn't answer me when I asked what was going on and I couldn't guess as it didn't look like any of them were staying more than a couple of minutes.

Then it happened; the scary guy came in and told me to lie still as they weren't going to hurt me but I had to be a good girl so I did as asked and my ankles were fitted with straps then a rope attached to them and it was hung over a hook in the ceiling. The rope was pulled so my legs were raised and my rear was off the bed. They then piled cushions under me so I was not as uncomfortable. Then a man came in who acted like he was a medical clinician and pushed what looked live a hollow dildo into me (easily as I was still lubricated and also of course stretched rather) then he told me it was a funnel.. Another man stepped forward passed him a beaker and after massaging my lower stomach just above my sex for a few minutes he poured what he informed me was a plastic cup of sperm into me. It was filled then the man began to gently rub me around where my womb is and as I watched his face he grinned and said "see, told you her body would suck it up." He then topped it up and began to work my abdomen again gently before repeating the top up, I was now full.

Eventually after I'd had a bout of screaming cramp and yelled out (I'd been a good girl and kept quiet the whole time) the man returned massaged my ankle until the pain eased then did some more massage of my womb before telling me it had all been taken in. He carefully removed the tube and stuck a wide but short rubber plug in me.

I was left like this for perhaps half an hour then finally taken down and ordered to dress in a pair of my leggings and a t-shirt which I guess Mike had left behind. The plug was uncomfortably large and I was still a little sore but I was marched to another apartment where I was allowed to pee. I inspected the plug but it was stuck firmly in place and anyway I was under orders to keep it in. Back in the front room I dosed off in a chair for an hour before being woken to perform oral sex on a couple of guys. Mike arrived during this so waited before taking me home.

As we drove away he asked me if I'd had a fun break but I said nothing until he pointed out I could either be dropped at the end of my road as I was (reeking of sperm and sweat with dried cum all over) or talk to him and he'd take me back to his place first.

"OK, I'll talk." I replied.

"So do you know how many men fucked you?"

"No idea."

"If I told you over thirty would you believe me?"

"It's quite probable."

"And I bet you loved it! Did you say thank you?"

"Didn't get the chance." I responded trying to sound casual.  "You know while they used condoms they collected their sperm and pushed it into me anyway?" I added.

"Did they? I told them not to go bareback but I guess this was there way of getting back at me."

"Why did you want to humiliate me like that?"

"Because I can! Anyway look at you! You wear the nipple rings I insist on, you have a pussy without any hair, you already gave birth to my son and you've fucked me willingly every week for months! You're my slut and a black cock crazy whore."

I looked at him then answered carefully; "I love Geoff not you. Yes fucking with you is great but don't mistake that it is for anything other than sex. 

To my surprise he smiled at this. "Good! I don't love you at all! I love the fact that while you are a middle-class mum with PTA friends you got pregnant by me and I still get to fuck you, that's all."

Once back in his place within minutes I was kneeling on the floor with Mike's cock in my mouth. He pulled my t-shirt off and whistled looking at the state of me. "God you are rancid." He stated and I was.

I hadn't washed and with so many men using me I reeked; my hair had been sprayed with cum many times and it had dried on my neck and breasts as well.

Mike grinned then held my head until he came. I swallowed and sat back waiting for his next move, it was still only Friday evening so he could abuse me for another day at least if he wanted.

"Let's get mummy ready for her lovely kids." He stated and took me to the spare room and chose from the clothes I kept there for him. 

He peeled off the leggings which were stuck to my thighs. "Fuck!" He said as he saw the slight bulge of the end of the plug that was deep in me.

He selected my bright red dress with matching heels and then I was given ten minutes to make myself more presentable which given how bad I looked was impossible but I cleaned off the remaining cum and sweat residue from my hair and face and arms (he'd wouldn't let me touch my breasts or lower down), then I painted my lips gloss red (as instructed) before dressing and being taken home.

Geoff looked at me with concern as I stood with Mike's arm around my waist. I knew I looked exhausted.

"Your wife was fantastic!" He said lifting the dress to show my very swollen and still bare sex. "She tells me she's full of cum of course and undoubtedly knocked up again but you both knew this was going to happen. Where's my son?" he asked.

"Asleep, as are the girls." Geoff stated looking embarrassed.

"Good. Show him what a willing girl you were." He ordered and I knew what he wanted me to do. Even though we were still in the hall I lifted my dress and groped around for the end of the plug then slowly began to ease it out which wasn't easy and I had to bend my legs slightly. I don't know what I expected but as Mike held my dress up it came out with a plunger sound. It sounded disgusting but apart from a dribble down my thigh nothing was left to come out, it had all gone inside me.

Mike pushed me over to Geoff and said "Give hubby a kiss." I did quickly. "Now Geoff your wife would like to have sex with you." He paused. "Now!"

I took Goeff's hand and move to our bedroom as I formulated a plan: I made love to Geoff to show him how much he still meant to me, in fact I did it slowly and passionately. I kept kissing and telling him how much he meant to me and despite the absolute mess and the fact that my sex was stretched so grossly we kept this up for ages. Eventually as I'd hoped Mike got bored (and I guess disappointed at our show of love) so he went home.

As soon as the door closed I told Goeff I really did love him and to my great surprise he ejaculated. After that he ran me a bath and I sat resting until the water was almost cold. I was reasonably clean and my sex felt a little better after the bath then because I was so tired I went to bed. I was asleep quickly, sleeping in until my children came to say hello.

That evening when we got them to bed we sat down and I carefully, but honestly, told Geoff all about the night away and even admitted that not only did I not object in any way after their initial threat but that I'd shamefully climaxed many times during the event. After a pause I told him how I'd been filled up with sperm and how it had been worked into my womb but to my great surprise I noticed Geoff had became very stiff.

"Geoff! You enjoyed me telling you that!" I stated really rather shocked. "You're rock hard after I told you they bathed my sex in their collected semen!"

"Sorry!" he apologised. I was actually confused about this myself because Geoff had climaxed so quickly when he was in my ravaged pussy earlier it meant he really got of on all of this.

"Christ you actually like the fact they worked a huge amount of black sperm into your wife's fertile womb. You want me knocked up again!" I said feeling suddenly turned on myself.

"It's... it's just that it's so disgusting and yet..." he shrugged and I couldn't help smile somehow saying that to him made me very, very hot.

"Ok, I'm still loose down there but climb on!" I giggled and he did eagerly.  I remember we made love that night for an hour and it was actually really great although I was sore down there.

The next morning was Sunday so I was able to stay in bed and rest while Geoff off-loaded the children with the grandparents. I made a decision that morning angry at what Mike had put me through so phoned him around eleven and told him `if he wanted to wreck my friendships he could but the games were over and I didn't want to see him again.' He was quiet for a while then put the phone down. Two hours later he text me and simply said; "Your loss." And that was that.

The strange thing was Geoff was really amorous when he got home later that morning and I willingly let him have sex. He wanted me to tell him over and over again about the men I'd been with as we rocked together, how big some of them were and how I'd never refused anyone and how I climaxed repeatedly when the took me. I was as hot as hell but the thing that got us most excited was the tale of how they filled me up with sperm and worked my body so it sucked it deep into my womb. Geoff kept on about how my body had clearly needed to be bred so it had sucked up the sperm with relish like a sponge then he added that my eggs stood no chance with so much potent seed in me. Like I said I was finding this a real turn on as well so I asked him why he thought my body had wanted to suck up all that sperm and after a long pause he blurted;

"Because your body craves potent black seed!" I paused from making love and looked at him. 

"So my body wants my eggs to be coated with black sperm." I added as I began to move with him again.

"Yes it yearns for it..." He was very excited about this conversation and his mind was working overtime. "...black men are more powerful and give off more pheromones when they fuck and your body has been trained to respond"

I was getting really close to a massive climax but tried to hold it back a little longer to let it grow even stronger. "So what you're saying is my womb wants to be kept permanently full of black seed."

"God yes! Your body recognises the intoxicating power of black men, they are simply better to breed with."

"I'm glad you recognise my problem." I panted as we got faster and faster. "I love the fact I still have so much potent black sperm in my womb!"

"And all those men with big cocks you fucked, they made you climax every time like a cheap slut." He prompted.

"Huge guys with monster black cocks always make me cum and cum and cum!" I was hitting my orgasm now. "My pussy tried to milk their seed into my womb but they wore condoms otherwise I would have three times as much inside me!"

With that Geoff also came exploding hard in me while I was having the greatest climax I could remember.

"Fuck that was brilliant! I stated.

"I love you."

"And I you."

That night we went to bed early and despite still being tender I was keen to do it again and after a little kissing and foreplay we were back into the same theme. It was now overpowering us.

"I thought about what you said earlier." I whispered as we ground together.

"Did you, and?" Geoff asked me

"I realise that black men are so much more virile, they have much, much bigger cocks and they by far better lovers. I have a confession to make."

"What's that?" he asked me.

"My body milked every cock I fucked, it wanted to be filled with their seed." I was so into this I was going to climax already and we'd only just started.

"Why?"

I slowed down and rolled over so I was on top and looked Geoff in the eye.

"Here's the truth; I`m ripe for breeding. My body desires the superior sperm of black men that's why it sucked it all up so greedily. Your little white wife has a womb that craves the seed of black men and wants it to be pumped into her fertile married body." I groaned as I climaxed for the first time that night. "I think we both know that I need to be taken and bred by a huge black bull." I shuddered and caught my breath but kept up a steady rhythm as looked at him intently.

"And what will I do?"

"You will watch me as I mate with a number of big potent black men. Their hot seed will spray deep into my receptive belly and my womb will suck it all up. Even if I don't want to I will have to breed with them my body will force me to. You understand don't you that my womb is in control now. It has to be filled constantly and only black cock will do."

"Clare, you're probably pregnant already." He moaned his cock twitched but he managed to hold back somehow.

"It doesn't matter until I feel my black baby kicking inside me I will have to give myself to a string of black bulls. I want them to cover me like a brood mare for the next two months." Geoff had stopped because he was close but I held him with my eyes then continued working on his cock bringing him off:

"I will choose them for their size; they must have massive cocks, and their balls; they must have large sacks full of sperm, and their prowess; they must be able to fuck me for hours without caring for my wishes just their own pleasure..." I paused as the shudder of Geoff's climax began to ripple through us. I leaned closer and whispered in his ear, "...they must be very potent and have fathered lots of children with married white women."

I was just starting so I slid off him and began to talk to him about how I would find these men: "Bulls are always big and mean so they will probably fuck me the moment we meet. You'd have to stand guard by the car or the toilets or wherever they chose to first conquer me. Of course a bull only has to get within a few feet of me now and they will smell my excitement and know I am theirs to breed with." I was rubbing Geoff cock even though it had only just gone down.

"Of course I'll have to advertise. You can post my details on the internet but only on the nastiest site, the ones that treat white women as trash. Make it clear I've already surrendered to the power of black men so will be easy to breed again." He was now hard so I pulled him onto me, he slid into my enlarged hole as I continued.

"You're womb will need more than one bull."

"That may be true!"

"How about you take one or two every week?"

"No every day and I want it to last for two months at least so that's a lot of men, unless we can get them to come back."

"I was thinking of a time table say each does once a week?"

"Yes and since they will always stay over so I'll get two load every time!"

"That will keep your eggs swimming in seed."

"I need to make sure they are." It was ridiculous but I was genuinely on heat. I knew this was so disgusting yet I was what I wanted, needed! "What would you prefer me to wear?" I added. "I could buy something new like a cat suit or maybe wear my lovely white wedding dress." Geoff kissed me and I pulled him as deep as he would go. "Tell me!" I begged.

"Definitely your wedding dress."

"With the petticoats and everything?"

"Yes everything you got married in except..."

"My knickers, yes I know I'll need to be easy to mate with because they won't want to wait. Of course I'll keep the dress on through out and when the bull has finished you can take photographs of my gaping pussy and watch my womb sucking up his seed."

"It'll get rather messy though."

"Good point."

"How about you wear it for the first one then after that you wear sexy clothes that will help to get them hot for you. You can then put it away again with the stains on it!"

"Sounds great, Maybe the first two or three times and it mustn't be washed though. I want it to smell like I did on Friday, of sweat, sex and black sperm."

"It will."

"Now finish me off you dirty little man. Put a second load of your inferior juice into my saturated uterus..." I was already about to hit number two I was so excited. "...remember this is probably the last ever time." I came very hard and Geoff stopped. "Carry on!" I urged him. He did and we bucked and bucked until he began to reach his own climax.

"That's it one final pathetic spurt." I said as his cock erupted. "The very last time you use your cock on me." I kissed him. "I want this... " I paused not sure how he would take it knowing that while it sounded like fantasy talk I wanted it to become a reality, at least I did while I was feeling so utterly whorish, which right now was always.

"I know."

"Then we need to set this in motion now!" I stated not wanting my almost insatiable lust to subside. I dragged him to the attic room where the PC was situated and connected to the internet. I'd looked at a few sites when I'd searched before so knew what to look for only this time I was actively looking for the really nasty ones.

I typed in variations of black bull and contacts then once we had a selection of sites we began to look through them. On one site which actively promoted white wife breeding I set up a short profile and Geoff uploaded some pictures:

We selected a couple of our wedding then some pictures of me with the girls. A few of me sucking and fucking the black guy, and one of Mike rubbing my bump, which he alone knew was going to be his baby. Then another with Mike this time sitting next to me as I was breastfeeding Josh and finally one with Geoff bottle feeding Josh with Emily sitting watching.

Geoff was stirring as he uploaded them so I gave him a quick beat of my hand then dashed away and got dressed then returned with the digital camera. Geoff stopped and looked at me his cock twitching again.

"You need to take some pictures of me as I am now." I explained pulling at my nipple rings. I had put on a pair of crotch-less fishnet tights, a black top with slits that let my nipple poke clear and ankle boots. Geoff adjusted me as he snapped away taking loads of my puffy wet and gaping sex. "You need to show that my pussy is nice and stretched so a hung bull will get into me without any difficulty, its also bald of course which a bull will insist on."

"You look very wide so there won't be any doubt." He stated as he finished then began to upload the new pictures. I began to beat his cock then decided that what I'd stated before could go out of the window and climbed back on.

"Thought I was being denied?"

"Shut up or I will cut you off!" I said as we rocked together. "Compromise, white boy! You can fuck me because I'm already full of cum but once we arrange this, only real men get to seed me!"

"OK." He agreed as we worked together pausing after a few minutes to finish my profile. It was great I put `wedding' under the first picture, first babies under the second, black cock under the third with yum under the fifth as I could be seen hitting a climax. The next one was of Mike and my swollen belly which I simply put `knocked up' then when breastfeeding Josh I put `first black baby' with Geoff bottle feeding I added `Geoff my cuckold'. "Sorry" I told him then added `fertile and willing' under both of the last two.

I sat back and had to mount Geoff again I was so hot. "You submit it!" I told him and after a pause he did. "Now for some bulls!" I stated as I got off again.

We looked at the posts and some were hot but we didn't do anything until we saw one for a guy called Dan. He was hung and boasted that he could fuck all night. I got Geoff to send some pictures of me and then added my own tag which simply said;
`Looking to be bred again and want the job done right. Need a bull to fuck me weekly for two months - if you want me then email.'

I found another man who, while nearly fifty and therefore over twenty years older than me, seemed great so I contacted him as well. We then fucked like rabbits and held each other for ages before going very late to bed.

So it was that on Friday night I wore my wedding dress waiting for my first bull. When he arrived he took me on all fours in front of Geoff his oversized cock giving me a series of orgasms. He stretched me wide and his rough and aggressive nature turned me on especially when he grabbed my arse as he pounded me and seemed to try to get his whole groin up my pussy. His first climax sent me over the top with a bang and I knew this whole event was going to be something special. He continued to fuck me the following day until he left that afternoon; I'd taken four loads. I washed, slept then dressed again as my second lover arrived and he also took me again in my wedding dress.

That morning I was on my back his huge cock buried deep when Emily wandered in and stood watching as this six foot two mountain of a man hammered at me.

"Mummy what are you doing?" She asked. My bull smiled and answered.

"Mummy wants another baby and I'm here to help!" he laughed. I was ashamed that firstly he was saying this to my five-year old and secondly I made no attempt to stop fucking since I already knew the children, particularly Emily would see me with all these men.

"Are you making a baby?" She asked.

"Emily please go! Mummy is having a workout so she can have another baby." Emily shrugged and left. To my everlasting shame the man simply went faster and I climaxed like never before.

After that I simply had a succession of men without a days break. After those first nights in my wedding dress I wore short slutty dresses then once they knew me they insisted I either wear virtually nothing or simply wait in bed for them. The sex was absolutely wonderful and every time I was with one of them I climaxed time and again knowing they were shooting there seed very deep into my unprotected womb.

One week turned into two as I was taking these black men for a second time then it was week three, then four and so on until after seven weeks I'd not had a single night without a black man between my legs letting his seed fly and I knew that since I'd not had a period for the past nine weeks that I was pregnant again.

The only problem was I simply loved being used every single night; my pussy was now permanently aroused plus there was a pervading smell of sex in the house which actually only spurred me on further. I asked Geoff he would allow this to continue a little longer and although I knew he was watching his wife fucking every single day he agreed.

Unfortunately for Geoff this made me decide to explore my sexuality even more; I agreed to meet Dan one evening alone and after dressing in a short skirt and stockings I left to meet with him.

Dan was very dominant and had happily taken me several times in front of Emily so he didn't care who saw us which meant he took me against the outside wall of the pub while people went by making crude remarks. Now obviously I'd been involved in a gang-bang albeit the safe sex variety (apart from the cum bath) but when he took me to a `party' later that evening I think I knew what was about to happen.

After sitting in the front room surrounded mostly by guys the lights were dimmed and the three women present became fair game. I was of course soiled but all that meant was while the others were being petted I was pushed to my knees and taken by the first one with his dick out. 

It's hard to give a full account but one of the other women ran from the house and the other went to a private room with just one of the blokes so basically eight were left with me. All had me more than once that night and I was used by most of them again the next morning. The other girl reappeared and sat drinking coffee as they fucked me making little comments about how my pussy looked like you could drive a bus through it.

I got a lift home and stood at my front door the cum coating my thighs and yet when Geoff let me inside I simply gave him a kiss and waddled into the kitchen to see my daughters. In fact it was only the fact that my next lover was due at eight which drove me to bathe myself and wait for my sex to return to something like normal.

Of course I was knocked up and happy so had no reason to curb my excesses. Even when I was showing I continued to have sex on a daily basis until my twenty seventh week. I got Geoff to take several sets of photographs of me as I lay in my filth with my distended belly. I'd had sex with a hung black man every single day bar one (a mistake) for eight months. 

I was actually hard not to continue but I was feeling crampy at times so got a little worried about the baby. Geoff and I lay in bed a few days later, it was the first night we'd been in the same bed in almost eight months and I whispered that I loved him and that I'd missed his cuddles.

"Do you miss those bulls?"

"Of course but I can't keep fucking them forever. I love you and want you to remain in my life so now I'm going to try my damndest to remain faithful to you." I knew I meant it and that now that I'd been sex free for the past two nights I was just beginning to lose my promiscuity. If I could keep this up after the baby we had a chance.

When my next child came out we were all surprised to see a white baby boy but then I began to think about all the times Geoff and I had done it following my return from that night away and began to wonder if the sperm bath had actually been what it seemed, maybe I thought they were pretending to put something inside me. I will never know but all I can add was the weeks of constant sex was out of this world if very excessive but it would never have happened if I'd thought Geoff was going to father my next child.

That was three years ago and I'm thirty three now with four lovely children. Since that time I've been faithful to Geoff and he to me. I still have fantasies about my should-have-been breeding which makes me very, very hot but I'm not going to do it again.
