The Dorm Life
by sagesell

The Dorm Life Ch. 01

A single guy fully satisfies two girls in his dorm room.

Steve and I were assigned as roommates in our college dormitory. The dormitory was coed, with boys living on the first floor and girls on the upper floors. At first, Steve and I settled into a normal college life. Monday through Thursday, we were pretty good about going to class and taking care of business. We made our grades. On the weekends, we hit up parties.

A couple of months into our first semester, things changed. One Friday night after a diligent week of school, Steve and I hit up a house party together with some of the girls who lived upstairs in our dormitory. Julie, Karen, and Sara all went with us. We spent a few hours at the party, drinking beer out of red cups, dancing, and bullshitting with each other. During the party, Julie was getting all over me and Sara was hanging on Steve. Karen had disappeared. After downing one last beer and embracing a solid buzz, the girls ran off for a second to locate Karen. They found her making out with a random dude, pulled her away, and the five of us headed back to the dormitory.

Karen was pretty slammed, so she headed back to her bed. But Julie and Sara came to down to our room. We lowered the lights, but I could still see the girls' athletic bodies in the dimmed light. Julie was a redhead with shoulder length straight hair, about 5'6" with a nice, round ass and breasts that were properly sized for her body. Sara was a bit taller, at 5'8" or so. She had with long, dark hair with gentle curls. Her breasts were a bit smaller than Julie's, but I swear there wasn't an ounce of fat on Sara's slim body.

After a few minutes making out, Julie settled in next to me on the bottom bunk, and Sara climbed up on the top bunk with Steve. Lubricated by alcohol, things progressed quickly. I had Julie's top off in no time, and I could hear things seemingly moving along at a similar rate between Steve and Sara. Julie was kissing me ferociously, and before long our clothes were totally off. Her breasts were in my hands and tongue was in my mouth. She had my body pinned to the bottom bunk, straddling me and dipping her tongue aggressively into my mouth.

I could hear Steve and Sara screwing around on the top bunk. The bed frame was rocking a bit, I could hear Steve breathing heavily. I was betting that Sara was rubbing his cock. In the meantime Julie began to kiss down my stomach, and before I knew it, she took me into her mouth. Her mouth was soft and warm and wonderful.

As Julie lapped masterfully at my cock, Steve started making noise. "Oh shit, girl. Fuck. I'm coming! Oh fuck!" Steve had already come, just from Sara teasing his cock with her hand. As Julie continued to lick me, it seemed like the action on the upper bunk had finished up. I could hear whispering. It sounded like Sara was trying to prod Steve into action, but he grunted something at her that sounded like, "I wanna sleep."

Julie must have heard this, too, because she looked up at me and quietly said, "I hope we're not done yet." I shook my head at her, smiled and said, "We're nowhere near done." At that, without saying a word, she climbed up my body, positioned her pussy over my cock and impaled herself with a gentle moan. Julie's pussy was tight and buttery, and I slid easily inside. She pressed her hands on my chest began humping away at me, grunting gently with each insertion and reinsertion.

As she fucked my rock hard member in and out, she smiled down at me and commented, "That feels amazing, Mike." And she was starting to get carried away already. Julie quickened her pace and began to grind her pelvis back and forth over my cock and lower abdomen. "Fucking hell, Mike," she groaned. After grinding for a few minutes, she shifted onto her knees and bounced up and down on me. Julie was fucking me with aggression, going faster and faster and moaning louder and louder. I could feel her pussy shuddering over my cock. With amazement, I suddenly realized that it was about to come.

At that very same moment, my eyes caught sight of Sara. Her head was poking out from the upper bunk, where she was lying next to Steve, who was now snoring audibly. Sara stared down at Julie and me with unmitigated lust. As Sara ogled us, Julie ground her cunt more and more ferociously over me. Sara and I locked eyes and stared at each other just as Julie started to spasm on top of me. Julie announced, "I'm gonna. Mike---it's gonna. My pussy is gonna come. Mike. Mike! It's cumm-----! Ohhhhhhhhhhh Fuuuuuuck." I pulled Julie's chest against mine while her spasming pussy pooled moisture on my belly, and the entire time Sara and I maintained eye contact. Julie shuddered and shook for what seemed like an eternity. And through every moment of the protracted orgasm Sara's face showed undisguised lust jealousy. There was no mistaking it. Sara wanted to fuck me, too. Her cunt wanted to feel the same massive orgasm Julie's was enjoying.

As the contractions roaring through Julie's pussy sputtered and died out, she managed to grunt out, "Oh my god, Mike. That was—that was incredible." I replied, "We're not done yet, girl" and lifted Julie up off my cock. Taking care not to bump her head on the upper bunk, I arranged her mostly limp body so that she was on her back and her opening was right on the edge of the lower bunk. Then I stepped off the bed, stood upright, and buried myself back deep into her.

I was pretty sure Julie had no idea that Sara was gawking at us, though I'm not sure Julie would have cared. Julie was making no effort to be quiet. But from my standing new vantage point, I could pump myself in and out of Julie, while my head was right up next to Sara.

As I thrust hungrily in and out of Julie, I looked onto the top bunk. Steve was fast asleep—passed out. He must have had more to drink than I noticed. Sara had her head perched over the side of the upper bunk. Her shirt had been removed earlier, and her pert, petite breasts were in clear view. She was naked except for a pair of skimpy, light blue panties. With her left hand she grasped the edge of the bed, supporting her body as she looked down at the horny, fucking couple beneath her. Sara's right hand, meanwhile, was stuffed inside her panties, and like a slut in mad heat she was furiously rubbing at her clit.

The sight of Sara masturbating turned me on, and so I doubled the pounding I was giving Julie. The bed was shaking loudly, and Julie moaned with every one of my thrusts. There was nothing quiet about our sex, and no doubt folks throughout the dorm could hear me drilling her cunt, banging the bed frame over and over into the wall.

Julie was in a trance. The pleasure radiating from her pussy had her in a semi-conscious state. Still, she -managed to babble, "I think—it's gonna—I think—it's gonna—come. My pussy!—is gonna!--come!" And with a low, guttural animal groan, a second orgasm raged in her cunt. I continued to hump her like a madman, burying myself to the bottom of her depths over and over as it came.

The moment was too intense for Sara. She wanted to get fucked, and she wanted it desperately. In a single smooth motion, Sara peeled her panties off, threw her legs over the bed, and lowered herself to the ground. Her feet touched the floor right next to mine, and she threw her arms up around my neck, pocking my neck with kisses.

I wanted to kiss her back, and so I slowed and then stopped pumping into Julie, as Julie's orgasm gently subsided. Julie opened her eyes, and looked up at us from her back on the bed.

"I want you to fuck me, Mike. I want you to make me come," Sara declared. She turned to her friend. "Julie, let me have a turn with him."

"No way," Julie replied. "This is the best cock I've ever had. I'm not sharing." Julie pointed at the corner of the room. "You can sit over there on the floor and watch him fuck me if you want, though. I don't care if you masturbate."

Sara was crestfallen, but obedient. She plopped her naked body in the corner of the dorm room to which Julie had banished her and resumed fingering at her clit. Julie pulled me out, and flipped over onto all-fours. She pointed her tight, wet pussy up at me. Wagging her cunt at me, she turned her head and commanded, "Fuck me more, Mike. I want to come more."

There was no hesitation on my part. My rock-hard member was deep inside instantly, and Julie's pussy immediately started oozing thick wetness over my cock. I grasped her hips firmly and thumped her hard and fast. Our flesh slapped together, the bed banged loudly against the wall, and Julie squealed with delight. We fucked with so much intensity that things were falling off shelves.

Julie's little pussy started to squeeze my cock, and I knew it was coming again. Julie moaned loudly and her cunt gushed as it came. "Three times already! Three---fucking---times!" She bellowed as another orgasm pulsed in her vagina.

And then, out of nowhere, while Julie's cunt throbbed through its third climax and I pumped away at it, Sara stood up, came over and intervened. Sara grabbed ahold of me from behind and pulled me back. My penis popped free from Julie's spurting pussy. Julie let out a desperate whimper at my exit and humped her ass desperately backwards in the air toward where I had been, trying to locate my dislodged cock. The shock and unexpectedness of Sara's violence startled me, and I stumbled backwards and fell on my back, my boner sticking directly up in the air like a flag pole.

Sara stepped over my shoulders and fell to her knees, impaling her cunt on my cock instantly. She immediately began riding me ferociously, reverse cowgirl. It felt amazing. Julie's orgasm was finished, but she was still recovering from it. She turned around weakly and rose from the bed to confront Sara.

"Don't fuck with me Julie," Sara warned. "I need to get off. I really, really need to get my shit off. So just stay the fuck away till I get my come. You might be my best friend, but I will fuck you up permanently if you mess with me right now."

Julie took Sara's advice, and simply stood over her sex-crazed friend, watching us copulate. Sara fucked me like a bitch in heat. She ground her cunt into me and wailed as her pussy was filled by my cock. And in less than a minute, she was indeed getting her desired come. "You're making it, Mike! You're making it! My!---pussy!---is!---coming!" She let out a loud moan as her cunt pulsated over my cock and squirted onto my thighs.

After riding out her orgasm for another 30 seconds, Sara crumpled onto me, pressing her breasts against my chest. Julie grabbed her friend by the scalp and commanded, "You got off, now get off of him so I can have another turn!" Sara protested Julie's order while she caught her breath, "No. No. Oh wow. No. Please. Please let me---have one more---orgasm." I was concerned that things were about to get violent, and so I took matters into my own hands.

"Stop fighting. I can satisfy you both. Julie, get back on the bed and bend over. Sara, get off of me and line up doggystyle next to your friend." Both girls followed my directives, bending over next to one another with their pussies sticking out at me.

I pressed my way into Julie first, and pumped her hard until she was bucking herself against me for her pussy's fourth climax of the night. Switching, I quickly dipped my cock in Sara and fucked her hard and fast. In less than a minute she was thrashing and moaning her way through her cunt's second orgasm of the evening.

This was finally too much for me. I had reached my boiling point. As Sara's twat came down from its orgasm, I pulled my cock out of her and aimed it at her gorgeous, athletic ass. I grunted, and semen sprayed out of me, painting Sara's gorgeous ass. It felt like I came for 15 minutes. An enormous quantity of come poured out me.

When my cock finally stopped pulsing, I pushed Sara and Julie's asses apart and collapsed on the bed between them. Their pussies were more than satisfied. Naked, the three of us drifted off to sleep in the bed together, spent.


The Dorm Life Ch. 02

Another girl eavesdrops on their threesome.

I was having trouble sleeping, wide awake on the top bunk of my dorm room on Friday night. In a comfortable t-shirt and a loose pair of pink pajama bottoms, I tossed and turned. But sleep eluded me. I was horny. So horny I couldn't rest. All I wanted to do was to reach down into my pajama bottoms and rub my button until it came. But I couldn't just go touching myself like an idiot. After all, my roommate, Kristen, was sleeping right beneath me on the bottom bunk of our dorm room.

We were freshman, and we lived on the second floor of a coed dorm. Both of us kept on the straight and narrow path—studying diligently and avoiding the temptation to party. I had spent my Friday night studying at the library and then come back to the room. Kristen had stayed in, watching something on TV. We talked briefly after I returned, and then turned the lights out. And so here I was, awake, trying to distract myself from the desperate need to reach between my thighs.

As I tossed and turned, I began to hear noises coming from the room beneath us. Beneath our floor of the dormitory (our floor was all-female), there was an all-boys floor. And in the room right underneath us, I could hear something that sounded an awful lot like sex.

I strained my ears. Faintly at first, the unmistakable noise of a bed rocking back and forth was audible. I moved my ear to the edge of the bed to try and hear better. As I did, I heard a female voice exclaim up through the floor, "That feels amazing, Mike!" I gasped, and felt warm moisture flood the inside of my pussy. Someone was definitely getting fucked. The sounds of the rocking bed and the girl getting it in were just too much for me. I absolutely had to take care of my pussy, or I was going to go crazy. The bathroom—that would work. Surely I could quickly rub one out in the bathroom. I quietly climbed down off the bed and took a peek at Kristen. She appeared to be sleeping. Leaving my roommate to rest, I tiptoed out of the room and into the empty corridor. It was late enough that most of the girls had retired to their rooms for the night.

For a moment, I turned left toward the bathroom. But I stopped after the first step. The sounds of the mating couple from the floor below were burned into my head, and a naughty thought occurred to me. I could go downstairs and listen to them quickly before returning upstairs and touching myself. After all, it was very late. The hallway on the boy's floor was probably deserted.

And so I quickly snuck down the stairway onto the first floor. And soon I was on the floor, I could hear fucking. I went in the direction of the noise and pinpointed it to room 008. As I had guessed, the hallway of the boy's floor was empty. I stood and pressed my head against the door and heard the girl's voice again.

"I'm gonna. Mike---it's gonna. My pussy is gonna come. Mike. Mike! It's cumm-----! Ohhhhhhhhhhh Fuuuuuuck."

The sound of the girl in the room coming was the hottest thing I'd ever listened to. There was no way I could wait any longer. Sitting on the ground with my back to door and spreading my legs, I quickly reached down under the waistband of my pajama bottoms, finding my clit. I turned my head to the side so that my ear was against the door. It didn't matter that I was sitting in a hallway listening to some strange boy—Mike was his name—and spying on him while he plunged in and out of a girl's cunt. I didn't care that anyone might come walking down the hallway at any moment. My pussy was aching, and it demanded immediate attention. As horny as I was, I don't think I could have kept myself from masturbating if I had been standing on a crowded street corner.

I began to rub circles under my clit. I heard some talking from within the room that I couldn't quite make out, and then I heard the sound of flesh pounding into flesh and a bed frame banging against the wall. They were fucking more! This Mike was an animal. My hand was flying over my clit as I listened to the girl moan with delight. Oh how I wanted to be her. I wanted to throw open the door, shove the lucky girl aside and spread my legs for him. I wanted my pussy filled with Mike's cock and pounded to a climax.

I'd only ever had sex with one boy, my now-ex-boyfriend from high school, and he never made me make noises like this girl. He never even made my pussy come. We were young, and he was an amateur.

And then I heard her coming again, this time even louder than the last time. ""I think—it's gonna—I think—I'm gonna—come. My pussy!—is gonna!--come!" I heard her orgasm again with a deep guttural groan, panting like a dog in heat. Through it all the boy was unrelenting. He was fucking her so hard that the bed frame smashed into the wall and the door against my ear rattled in its frame.

My pussy was getting close, very close, to enjoying its own orgasm. And then I heard a sound I had definitely not expected. I heard the sound of a different girl's voice! And she was asking—no—begging for a chance to have sex with the boy, with Mike. And the other girl was arguing with her. She was telling her no! I couldn't handle any more. The sheer lewdness of two girls lusting after the same boy, fighting over the chance to fuck him pushed me into the beyond.

My cunt came. It came like it never came before. I panted breathlessly, and tried to make as little noise as possible as my head stretched up and back against the door and my legs shook and my cunt throbbed. It gushed as it came. My panties were soaked through, as were my pajama bottoms. The smell of sex emanated from me. And still I kept coming. I thought my orgasm might go on forever, until I heard voices from down the hall. Male voices. And footsteps.

"I don't know. Brooke can be a little annoying, even if she's hot."

I yanked my hand out of my pajamas and willed my pussy to stop spasming as two boys rounded the corner into sight. It did not obey.

"I just don't agree with you, man. I think she's cool---"

The two of them spotted me and stopped. I looked down at the ground as my pussy pulsed with a final satisfied contraction. There was no way I could make eye contact with them. I let out a muffled whimper as my cunt's last spasm shook me. The first boy looked curiously at me and asked, "Are you okay?"

They hadn't pieced together what I was up to. I was still breathing heavily. Looking up at them, all I managed was "Umm," in between my soft panting. My mind raced trying to imagine ways to explain what I had been doing to these two boys. There had to be a lie to get me out of this situation.

But then a moan leaked through the door. A satisfied, female, sexual moan. And then the rhythmic sound of a bed frame pounding against a wall. The jig was up.

The second boy looked knowingly at me and laughed. "Dude, she's eavesdropping on some couple that's fucking!" He pointed at the soaked crotch of my pajama bottoms. "And she was jilling her pussy off to it!"

The humiliation was too much for me. I stood up, pushed my way between the boys, and raced up the stairs back to my dorm room at full speed, rushing through to door into the safety of my dorm room as fast as my legs would take me.


The Dorm Life Ch. 03

Her roommate catches her masturbating to the sound of sex.

I was almost asleep, and then Angie rolled over in the bunk bed above me again, causing it to creak. She was often restless in her bunk, and I was a light sleeper. Tonight she was keeping me awake, and I was starting to get annoyed. For five more minutes, I struggled to sleep, but Angie kept shaking our bunks as she tossed and turned.

Finally, I was about to slip away into dreamland when an unexpected sound brought me back to full consciousness. It sounded like—could it be someone fucking? I sat totally still and silent and listened as closely as possible. There was no doubt about it. Someone was having sex. I could hear the familiar rhythmic rocking of a bed and a female voice grunting in delight. It sounded like it was coming up through the floor. I guess one of the boys in the room beneath ours was getting it in.

It had been far too long since my pussy had gotten a good, satisfying fucking. I had been ready to fall asleep moments ago, but now I could feel moisture growing between my legs. The fucking couple was turning me on. Very cautiously, I let my right hand drift under my panties. Careful not to make any movements that Angie could detect, I let my fingers dip inside. God, I was soaked. Very gently I brought them up to my clit. It was throbbing, begging me to rub it. I reluctantly withdrew my hand. It wasn't like I could just masturbate with my roommate lying in the bed right above me.

Above me, I could hear Angie shift again. Could she hear the fucking, too? And then I heard the female voice speaking. I could faintly make out the words, "That feels amazing, Mike!"

Just then, Angie climbed off the bed and was standing on the floor next to me. I closed my eyes and stayed perfectly still, feigning sleep. Angie lingered next to me for a moment, then opened the door and stepped out of the room. I had fooled her into thinking I was asleep.

Listening attentively to the fucking in the room below me, it took a minute for me to realize that I had the room to myself. Did I have time to get my pussy off before Angie returned? Probably not. How frustrating.

The intensity of the sex below me was picking up. I could hear the girl making louder noises, and then all of a sudden I could hear the girl coming—and announcing it! "I'm gonna. Mike--it's gonna. My pussy is gonna come. Mike. Mike! It's cumm---! Ohhhhhhhhhhh Fuuuuuuck."

My cunt was screaming at me for attention, and there was no controlling it now. I had to rub it. It needed to come. It demanded an orgasm.

I pushed my pajama bottoms and panties off and pulled the sheets of the lower bunk up over my lower naked half. After dipping my middle finger into my drenched opening, I began to gently rub and my clit with it. God it felt so good.

I could hear the lucky girl moaning even louder than before, and the bedframe below was banging against the wall. The copulating couple was making no effort to hide its activities. They sounded so hot. My fingers ran over my pussy faster and faster, willing my way toward orgasm.

From the room beneath me, I heard the satisfied girl screaming about another orgasm. "I think—it's gonna—I think—I'm gonna—come. My pussy!—is gonna!-come!"

As I listened to the boy—Mike was his name—fuck the girl to another soaring climax, I realized how much I yearned for a hard cock to fuck. I wanted to trade places with the orgasming girl. I wanted my pussy pumped aggressively by a strong, hard dick until it was satisfied. No. It was more than desire. My pussy needed to get fucked. It demanded sex.

I rubbed my pussy with increased earnestness, racing toward an impending orgasm. As my right hand worked furiously at my clit, I reached my left hand down and began pumping two fingers in and out of my soaked opening. Mike was still fucking the lucky girl like he was some kind of machine, no doubt railing her toward a third orgasm. Oh god, my pussy adored the sexy noises they were making.

I rubbed faster and twisted my fingers deeper into my cunt. My breathing came fast, and I panted uncontrollably, tightening my legs and arching my back. The first waves of orgasm began to rise outward from between my legs. My pussy needed this climax more than it had ever needed a climax before.

Suddenly the door burst open and light from the hallway flooded in at me. Angie was back, and she was looking right at me. I stopped masturbating, leaving my cunt right on the brink, ruining the massive orgasm that had been about to overtake me.

I had been caught jilling. There was no mistaking what I was up to. I was breathing loudly—panting, really—and the room smelled strongly of my soaked pussy.

In that instant, as Angie stood by the door looking at me, it's hard to say if I was more embarrassed or more frustrated by my ruined orgasm. I could still hear fucking coming up from beneath us, and my pussy was still imploring me to claw at it till it came. But I couldn't just masturbate with my roommate in the room like some kind of insane sex addict, right?

After what seemed like an eternity, Angie climbed back onto the top bunk of her bed. I was completely humiliated. Could I ever look my roommate in the eye again?

Over the sound of the still-fucking couple below, Angie broke the awkward silence. "Kristen? I know you're awake."

"What?" I responded sheepishly.

"Listen. I know you were masturbating. And it's okay. I left the room earlier so that I could masturbate, too. I was frustrated, and I needed to get off."

Her admission stunned me. I said nothing. Angie paused. From the room below the sound of fucking was growing louder. In the silence, Angie and I could both hear the girl coming again, announcing her third orgasm. My jealous pussy ached with desire.

"It was silly for me to leave the room", Angie continued. "Neither of us should have to leave our room just because we need to rub one out." She paused for a moment again. "Listen, Kristen. I want you to finish. It really won't bother me. This is your room, and you should feel free to touch yourself in here any time you like. And that means whether I'm here or not."

The sound of satisfying sex continued to rise up through the floor into our room. I was uncertain if Angie was serious about her proposed arrangement, but my pussy desperately wanted to come. I finally managed to speak. "Are you sure, Angie?"

"I'm 100% sure. As long as you let me touch myself whenever I need to in here, too," Angie answered confidently.

"That's a fair deal," I replied. And I resumed touching myself immediately. Again, my right hand probed greedily at my clit while my left hand pumped in and out of my pussy. I was working at myself rapidly, jostling the bunkbed as I masturbated.

In the room below, Mike was apparently unrelenting. Sounds of fucking continued to fill our room. "God, Angie. I wish I were the girl that was getting fucked right now."

"There are two. Two different girls getting fucked by the same guy," Angie clarified.

That thought turned me on even more. This Mike was satisfying more than one girl. He sounded superhuman. I wanted him—I wanted him to fuck my pussy. "Then I wish I were either one of them. Or a third girl in there with them. I just want to get fucked."

I rubbed furiously at my clit. I was on the edge of my climax again.

"Kristen," Angie spoke. "I'm touching myself, too. I can't help it. I'm just too turned on."

It was the end for me. The sound of Mike fucking two girls, my ruined orgasm, and now the fact that my roommate was masturbating in the bunk directly above me, it was too much. The sheer ludeness of it all was more than I could take.

My pussy clenched and came, throbbing violently and shooting electricity through my body. "Ohhhh gaaaaaaaaaawd," I bellowed. "Fuuuuuuuck." As my cunt shuddered over and over again, I lifted my pelvis into the air, fucking it up at no one in particular. No orgasm had ever consumed me as fully as the one roaring through me at that moment, and I grunted and panted involuntarily from the beginning to the end of it.

After what seemed like an eternity, the convulsions slowed, and I pulled my hands away from my pussy, smiling gently and trying to catch my breath.

"It sounded like you needed that," Angie observed, as she continued to finger herself.

"Yes," I managed between breaths. "Badly. You have no idea."

We could still hear wails of pleasure from the first floor. Mike pumped away at one of the girls, or maybe both of them. "I want him to fuck my pussy, too, Kristen. I want Mike to fuck it," Angie confessed to me. I could tell she was jilling with increased enthusiasm, because now she was shaking the bunk as her hand rubbed over her clit.

"Me, too." I agreed. "It's been too long since my pussy has seen a cock, and it's hungry for one."

The bunkbed shook faster and faster as Angie masturbated, until finally she moaned and announced, "It's coming! Kristen!--It's coming now!" Angie's climax devoured her. I had never been in the same room as another orgasming girl before, and the sound of Angie getting off just a few feet above me was incredibly erotic. I especially liked the way she called my name as she hit her peak.

As Angie came down, the mating sounds in the room below finally subsided. Perhaps Mike was subject to normal human limitations on sexual endurance after all.

"I'm going to bed, Angie," I said. She did not respond. Perhaps she was still catching her breath. I didn't care. My pussy was satisfied. I closed my eyes, and the darkness quickly consumed me.


The Dorm Life Ch. 04

Kristen gets caught masturbating in the showers.

Sunlight was pouring into our dorm room as I woke up the next morning. Very quietly, so as not to rouse Angie, I rolled off the bed and stood up on the floor. I glanced briefly at the upper bunk. Angie was sound asleep. Thank goodness. I was concerned about see her this morning after we had masturbated together. Maybe Angie would regret it and it would be painfully awkward. As quietly as possible, I gathered my shower basket and a towel, slipped out the door, and headed for the showers down the hall.

The bathroom on our floor of the dormitory included six individual shower stalls separated by laminate partitions with a curtain that you pulled across the stall for privacy. It was still pretty early, and there was no one else in the bathroom. I selected the farthest stall from the door and quickly disrobed, hanging my pajamas on the hook outside the stall and turning the knob in the shower. The water was delightfully warm against my skin. I dunked my head under the spray. Warm water always felt so good.

Standing naked and alone in the shower, my mind started to wander to the events of the previous night. The sound of this "Mike" fucking two girls out of their minds, the pounding of the bedframe against the wall, the sound of the girls wailing as they orgasmed over and over again in the room beneath me, my roommate telling me to masturbate in the room with her, and the sound of her thrashing through an orgasm on the bunk above me—it was all so incredibly unbelievable.

As these thoughts filled my mind, I realized how incredibly horny I was again. My left hand reached up, almost involuntarily, to my breast, sliding across my hardening nipples as I relived the previous night in my mind. My right hand slipped between my legs and began rubbing my clit, which was already aching for attention. Good lord, I was turning into an insatiable sex maniac, masturbating in front of my roommate and now the next morning in the shower. But good god it felt so fucking good. I leaned back against the shower stall and masturbated with urgency. My breathing quickened and my pussy gushed as my fingers frigged faster and faster at my hardened clit. I squeezed at my tits, using my left hand to pinch and pull first at one nipple and then at the other. This was going to be a powerful orgasm.

And then the door to the bathroom opened, and Morgan, who occupied the room directly next to Angie and me, walked in. "Fuck, fuck, fuck. Why do I keep getting interrupted right before I'm about to come?" I thought. Morgan could tell it was me by the top of my head and the towel hanging from the shower stall.

"Hey, Kris. What's up?" she said politely.

"Hi," I muttered back, pulling my hand away from my cunt reluctantly. Morgan set her shower kit down directly alongside my own on the bench outside the shower stalls, took off her towel, and stepped into the stall that was directly adjacent to the one I occupied. She turned on the faucet and stepped under the water. Her body was only a foot or two away from me. The only thing separating our stalls was a thin laminate partition that divided each of the six shower stalls in the girls' bathroom from the others. We could just see the tops of each other's heads over the partition.

Morgan, who was always very chatty, started in. "Oh my god, Kris. Last night there was the absolutely loudest sex I have ever heard in my life coming from the downstairs boys' floor. It was absolutely shameless."

I wanted to say, "Yeah, girl. I was just reliving it and masturbating my cunt to the brink of an orgasm before you fucking interrupted me, you bitch," but instead I just said, "Oh?"

"Seriously, what's wrong with people? Like, can't you keep it down a little? I mean what the heck was happening in that room that some girl had to be loud enough for me to hear up on our floor?"

I said nothing. Each molecule of warm water running over my pussy was torture. I dared to reach down and gently tap at my clit while Morgan talked to me from the adjacent shower stall. Fucking hell it felt so good. My pussy was screaming at me for satisfaction, begging me to hungrily pet my clit until all of the pent up tension in my body was gloriously released.

Oblivious to my predicament, Morgan went on. "I mean, it had to be exaggerated. No one has sex that feels that good. I mean, it sounded like the guy had a magic penis!"

"Maybe he does?" I thought, but instead I just stammered back "Hmmm." I kept my right hand tapping at my pussy. There was no way I could make it another minute. My pussy needed to be finished off straight away. I "accidentally dropped" my shampoo container to the ground and squatted down to pick it up so that I'd be totally out of Morgan's line of sight. Sitting down on my butt, I opened my legs as wide as they would go in the cramped stall and rubbed furiously at my pussy. I was still right on the precipice of my orgasm. My pussy would be pulsing and squirting in no time.

Morgan continued talking idly while I frigged madly at myself in the shower stall right next to her. "I mean, when my boyfriend and I do it, I try to exercise a little bit of shame and discretion. I don't just scream and yell like some kind of sex-crazed banshee for the entire dormitory to hear. You know?"

I was incapable of responding. There was no holding it back now. It was coming, and it was going to be massive.

"Anyway, do you want to grab some breakfast in the caf with me after we get dressed?" Morgan innocently inquired.

I was barely aware that she was talking. My right hand flew frantically over my clit in blur. I cupped my left hand over my mouth in an effort to muffle any involuntary noise that might pour out of me.

And then my pussy came. God, it came.

I tried desperately not to, but I couldn't help but moan rhythmically as each violent contraction roared out from between my legs. My body contorted and thrashed on the wet floor of the shower stall as my cunt shuddered and throbbed. I had tried to stifle the noise of my massive orgasm by covering my mouth with my hand, but it was hopeless. There was no disguising what was happening. I was audibly panting and grunting and orgasming only a few inches away from Morgan.

And it went on and on for 20—no, 30—no, it must have been 40 seconds, until finally the contractions subsided, and I lay in a disheveled heap on the floor of the shower stall. Morgan had grown quiet as pussy achieved its desperately needed release, but then, as I lay uselessly on the wet floor, she stammered at me.

"Kris? Did you just . . .? You were masturbating? In the public showers? With—with me standing right next to you?" Morgan was so appalled that she was having trouble getting the words out.

I didn't respond. I couldn't move. My now-sated horniness had turned to intense shame. How could I let my pussy take control of me like that? How could I let it force me to masturbate in a public shower like some kind of degenerate desperate slut, right next to my dorm-mate?

"You're a . . . a freak. You're a . . . a . . . a sex pervert!" Morgan accused me, exasperated and aghast.

I had to get out of there. I stood up, turned the water off and threw open the shower curtain. I hastily fixed my towel around my body, dumped my shower supplies into my shower kit, grabbed my pajamas, and ran for the door as fast as I could.

"What's wrong with you? You're a sicko!" Morgan's accusations hung in the air and chased after me, as I darted out of the showers and out into the hallway. I scampered frantically toward the safety of my room, throwing the door open as fast as I could and ducking inside.

Safely on the other side, I closed the door abruptly behind me and stood with my back against the door, my heart pounding and my breathing fast. I looked up. It took me a minute to comprehend what I was seeing. Angie was on the top bunk. She was on her hands and knees, and she was . . . stark naked?

She looked me right in the eye and smiled. Her breasts were swaying, and I could hear a slap-slap-slapping noise. I looked higher up, behind her. There was a boy, a gorgeous boy, slamming his powerful, hardened cock into her over and over and over again. They didn't stop or even slow down when I entered the room. They were rutting like insane animals in heat, and my presence wasn't going to interrupt them—nothing was. The entire dormitory could have walked into the room, and they still wouldn't have stopped savagely smashing their genitals together.

I lowered my gaze from the boy and looked back at Angie as she proudly announced with a grunt, "I'm going to come now," opening her eyes to their full width and letting out a low whimper as the nameless boy pumped her vagina relentlessly.

I could hear her pussy sloshing with increased wetness, and I could smell its scent thicken in the air as I watched her spasm against him like a raging whore, moaning loudly enough for the entire floor to hear. Through it all, the boy pistoned away at her like a gladiator, filling the entirety of her depths with his rock-hard member.

As she finally came back down to earth, she looked at me and smiled, her bare tits swaying at me as the boy's powerful thrusts continued unabated. There wasn't a hint a shame on Angie's face, only the pleasure that comes from a sweet, desperately-needed orgasmic release. "Holy shit, Mike. You're the best fuck I've ever had. Kristen, you have to try him."


The Dorm Life Ch. 05

Angie and Kristen take turns with Mike.

I woke up, fully satisfied from the night before. Opening my eyes, I took in my surroundings. Sara's incredible naked body was nuzzled up against me on my left and Julie's totally nude body was on my right, her soft breasts pressed firmly against my shoulders. Both of them were fast asleep in the cramped bed. Gently, I lifted Sara's arm off my chest and carefully pushed her thigh off of my own. Then I lifted my leg over Julie very delicately, so as not to rouse her or Sara and stood up naked in the bedroom. I stretched my arms upward in the air and took in a deep breath, waking all the way up. My bulging cock jutted outward and upward, fully stiff, as it was most mornings.

I tiptoed toward my closet, not wanting to wake anyone up. Intent on taking a warm shower, I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around my lower body. I reached up to grab my shower supplies when I heard the door knob to the room jiggle. Was someone trying to come in? Still taking pains to avoid waking up the other inhabitants of the room, I went over to the door wearing nothing more than my towel and very quietly opened it.

There was a girl on the other side, in a short nightgown. She was vaguely familiar and incredibly cute. Yes! She lived somewhere on the floor above me, on the girls floor. I didn't know her name.

"Can I help you?" I asked quietly, with a slightly confused tone.

She looked into the room, her eyes pausing at the sight of the two naked girls in my bed. "Ummm. Are you Mike?" she inquired back, speaking only slightly louder than a whisper herself.

"Uh. Yes." I said.

The girl poked her head past me and into the room, her eyes catching sight of the two still-sleeping naked coeds on the bottom bunk. Then she clasped my left hand with her two hands.

"Please. Yes. Come with me," she said in a pleading tone. She tugged at my hand unexpectedly, and I stumbled across the threshold of my door and into the hallway. I reached down and grasped the towel around my waist, which nearly fell off when she pulled at me.

I stammered at her. "Um wait. I'm only wearing a towel. What are you--"

"It's okay," she interrupted, pulling me down the hallway toward the stairwell that led to the second floor--the girls' floor. She led me into the stairwell, up the stairs, onto the second floor, down her hallway, and to a dorm room, which she quickly opened and pulled me into. The dorm room was empty. The girl closed the door behind us and lifted her short nightgown over her head. She was naked now, except for a skimpy pair of panties. She had two relatively small but firm breasts. They matched her sleek, athletic body perfectly. This nameless girl was positively gorgeous. She looked me up and down briefly and then leaned toward me and placed her lips upon mine, pressing her tongue deep into my mouth. As we kissed aggressively, I grabbed ahold of her body and pulled her close to me. Her hands fumbled against the towel around my waist, and it dropped to the floor. She immediately began grabbing at my already-hardened prick, rubbing it aggressively as we continued to kiss. Her soft hands felt so good pulling along the length of my shaft.

The nameless girl broke off our kissing for a moment and looked me right in the eyes, saying, "I want you now. Please fuck me." She quickly peeled her panties down to the ground, stepped out of them, and jumped up onto the top bunk in the dormitory. Getting onto her hands and knees, she pointed her pussy directly at me and wagged it toward me. I stayed on the ground, looking at the soaked pussy laid out before me.

"Please don't make me keep begging," she pleaded, turning her head back toward and looking me in the eyes. She was still on all fours waggling her ass at me, presenting her pussy and hoping that I would fill it with my rigid cock. I had never seeing a girl so incredibly desperate--so in need of a fuck in my life. Like a bitch in heat, she continued to wave her moistening pussy at me, trying with all her guile to coax me into penetrating her. Still, I didn't move.

"Please," she whimpered for a third time, with anguish in her voice. Each moment that her cunt remained unfilled was torture, and, the evil part of me taking over, I decided to let her torment linger for a bit longer. The nameless girl continued to look me in the eyes as a look of mounting despair took over her face. I could tell she had an agonizing ache between her legs, and I was the only one who could ease her suffering. Still, though, I stood motionless. My fully erect penis, the elixir she needed, was jutting straight out at her on a few feet from where she was beckoning me with her sexy, swaying ass.

Distressed by my continued silence and inaction, she looked away from me, groaned pathetically, and reached her hand between her legs, rubbing her fingers over her fully-engorged clit. The nameless girl was so horny that she couldn't stop herself from frigging off right in front of me. As she continued masturbating, she started rhythmically humping her pussy back toward me, unconsciously hoping that her opening would bump into a cock. "Oh god," she moaned, rubbing at herself with increased vigor.

For a few long minutes, I stood and watched her claw at her pussy and thrust at the air while she tried to finger away her painful need for an orgasm. And then deciding I had tortured her enough, I responded. I climbed up onto the top bunk with her, as her frantic masturbation continued. I slowly lined up my cock with her pussy and rubbed the tip against her lips, eliciting a hopeful groan. And then I plunged myself into her, all the way to bottom in one fast motion.

"Oh my fucking god!" the nameless girl yelled as I entered her. She was sopping wet and warm and so tight that it felt like the walls of her pussy would cut off the blood flow to my cock. I began thrusting, fast and hard. She removed her hand from her clit and planted her hands in front of her on the bed as I rutted powerfully in and out of her from behind. The girl met each of my hard thrusts, bucking back against me. Every time my cock crunched against the back of her cunt, she grunted like an animal--involuntarily and loudly--fully consumed by the pleasure in her pussy. There was nothing soft or romantic about it. We were capital "F" fucking. Like a couple of dogs this was hard, fast sex. We were both trying to get off, as fast as possible.

As I kept humping into her, suddenly the door in front of us swung open and another, equally attractive coed (who was wearing nothing more than a towel) entered the room and slowly lifted her gaze to us.

The presence of this new girl didn't interrupt our fucking. We didn't even slow down. The nameless girl kept pressing her ass back at me and I kept pounding her, my pelvis slapping loudly against her ass as we fucked. The addition of this onlooker was irrelevant.

"I'm going to come now," she announced, and, letting out a low whimper, her back arched and her body stiffened. I felt her pussy clench even tighter as it released moisture all around my cock. But I just continued to jackhammer into her hole while she spasmed and moaned below me and her cunt forcefully throbbed around my member.

As the girl's climax slowly subsided, she collapsed, her front hands giving way and her face planting directly on the mattress in front of her.

"Holy shit, Mike. You're the best fuck I've ever had," she complimented me, while I continued to slam into her pussy. "Kristen, you have to try him," the nameless girl said to her friend.

Kristen didn't wait for any further invitation. She took off her towel revealing her ample breasts and, nude, climbed onto the now-crowded top bunk with the other girl and me.

Still plunging into the other girl hard and fast, I looked at the new arrival, and, quite awkwardly, introduced myself to the naked girl. "Umm, you're Kristen?"

"Yeah," she said, as she pulled the nameless girl's body forward, trying to interrupt our mating.

"I'm Mike. What's her name?" I asked, pointing at the girl I was fucking.

"Angie. She didn't tell you her name?" Kristen asked with an exasperated tone, pushing at my abs and at Angie's ass, trying to get me to pull our conjoined bodies apart.

Angie, who still trying to catch her breath, replied for me, "There was no time. I needed to get straight to the sex." I was still sawing in and out of Angie, more gently now.

Kristen wanted me to stop. "It's my turn. Take it out of her, Mike," she demanded.

I complied, sliding my cock out of Angie. It was ice-hard, sticking up at the ceiling, and throbbing forcefully as it anticipated entering a new young pussy.

"Lay back," Kristen commanded, pushing my chest back onto the bed. Taking my dick with her left hand, she straddled me and guided me inside of her. She was drenched, and I slipped inside with ease.

"Oh nice," Kristen said, smiling as I filled her. This new pussy was just as deliciously cramped as the one I had vacated moments before, and it squeezed my dick as I pressed into its depths. Kristen began to fuck down and up over me, grinning widely. She rode me aggressively, slapping her pelvis against mine and panting as she fucked. Angie, meanwhile had sat up on the other side of the bed and was watching her go after me.

"My pussy wants to come, Mike. It needs to get off," Kristen said ludely while increasing her pace. She was shaking the bed now, fucking at me. She put her hands against my chest and dug her nails into me, with a fierce look on her face. She was fucking the shit out of me, and she was determined to get herself off. It wasn't going to take long.

As Kristen ravaged me harder and harder, Angie drank it all in from the other side of the bed, mindlessly touching herself. These females had lost their minds. They were nothing but their sex at the moment, merely a couple of suffering soaking-wet pussies starving for an orgasm.

"Such---a---good---cock," Kristen grunted out, careening toward her climax. She was going faster and faster, her breasts bouncing up and down in a blur before me. "Here it goes!" she announced, and with that her body convulsed, her pussy clenching at my rod. She arched her back and moaned while fluid poured out from between her legs, dripping down my testicles and wetting the bed beneath me while wave after wave of precious release ran through her. Her body quivered and trembled for nearly a minute. It had only take her pussy a few dozen seconds of riding on my cock to climb to its orgasm, but once it started pulsing, her vagina's climax seemed to go on and on. Finally with one gentle moan, Kristen collapsed onto me, the steady drumbeat of her orgasm gently subsiding and her breasts squishing against my chest. She was satisfied and fully spent.

Angie looked at me with wonder. "Mike, did you get to, you know, come yet?" she asked sheepishly. I shook my head at her.

"You have some stamina, boy," Angie said. "I think it's your turn. Let's get you off. Kristen, move."

Angie pushed Kristen's mostly-limp body off of me, releasing my still fully-erect cock. Then she started caressing it expertly, grinning at me. "Come for us, Mike," she coaxed. It was throbbing and bulging so hard that I thought one of its veins might pop. It wouldn't take long for Angie's hand to take me over the edge.

There was a knock at the door.

Thunk. Thunk. Thunk. "Kristen! How dare you run aware from me? Get out here right now, you freak!" a voice chastised from the other side of the door.

"Is that... Morgan?" Angie asked, pausing the handjob she had been giving me, much to my displeasure.

"I think so," Kristen replied as she hopped off the top bunk, went to the door, and opened it, still utterly nude.