Going without

I was in the 10th grade and had a date with a senior for the school's annual Mardi Gras dance.  My friend and I were getting ready together over at her house and she said I should go like her and not wear any underwear under my short little party dress.  It didn't really take a lot of convincing because I knew that she went without knickers a lot and I was already intrigued with the idea and curious as to how it would feel.  I already hated to wear a bra so that was no problem either.
 
So there I was with my hair all done up, makeup, heels and a slinky little dress.  I felt incredibly sexy.  I was very concious of the fact that my nakedness was just barely covered, and I was a little nervous about whether there might be some accidental exposures during the evening, but that just seemed to heighten my arousal.
 
Well, I ended up having a great time and my date didn't take his eyes off me the whole night.  After the dance, we went to his older brother's apartment (who conveniently wasn't home).  As we were driving he slid his hand up my bare leg and under my dress and began to finger me.  I was very excited and quite wet.  He said he suspected I wasn't wearing any knickers and just had to find out and was happy to find out he was right.
 
When we got to the apartment we had incredible sex!  I had done a lot of fooling around with boys before and had been doing oral sex for a couple of years, and even had a boy's dick in me several times.  But it was the first time I really got a good, hard pounding that brought me to orgasm from someone who really knew what he was doing.
 
Well, from that moment on I was really hooked -- on sex and on not wearing knickers.  I decided then and there never to wear knickers on a date again and I haven't.  And I didn't much wear them any other time either.  Now (8 years later) I can hardly stand to put them on.  I'm much more comfortable without.  I don't intentionally flash people, but if they get an accidental exposure, I doesn't particularly bother me too much.  I know it happens sometimes and I'm used to it.
 
My youngest sister just turned 15 and she has followed my example.  She has been going without knickers for about a year (starting earlier than me) and I'm pretty sure she's having sex regularly.  I'm not living at home anymore so I don't know all the daily stuff that goes on, but she has shared some experiences with me.
 
Well, that's how I got started.  Anyone else?



I was 13, and at a party at my friend Becca's house. I was wearing a skirt that was maybe a little tighter than I intended, and my friend pointed out to me that she could tell by my panty lines taht I was wearing granny knickers. I didn't want everyone to see so I went to the bathroom, and took them off, and put them in my purse. I dunno, it was just something about knowing that I didn't have any knickers on that was so much fun at the party I couldn't stop smiling the whole time. I've done it a lot since.



Just joined this group because I was intrigued by the title..a subject that I am very interested in. My first experience with wearing no knickers happened quite by accident. I was invited out to a party with some friends and I had a very busy week. When I started to get ready I realized that I didn't have a clean knickers. Being a bit of a neat freak  I concluded that the only thing I could do is go without.
 
I was a bit apprehensive about it since I had never gone out in public before without knickers and the fact that I was wearing a dress made it seem more risque.
 
Anyway I got dressed  in my skirt (a few inches above the knee I might add), top and heels and off I went.
 
Right away I loved the sense of freedom I felt and found myself getting turned on by the fact that I had this little secret. The warm breezed felt wonderful and as the evening went on I felt a new sense of confidence welling up inside of me. After all what was wrong with not wearing knickers. It is my body and I should not be ashamed of it. 
 
The first experience was a liberating experience for me and I Often go out now with no knickers. (Even if I have clean ones in the dresser). Some days I even shed my bra, but I guess that is for another group...lol.
 
Love the pictures.. may even post some myself. Looking forward to to more comments from any of you girls out there. I didn't think I would find any woman in this group. Just goes to show you are never alone!!! Even without your knickers.
 
love 
 
Geri.



I was about 17 and did it for my boyfriend. My younger sister Kate knew I went without a lot and she started around 13 when she got her first serious boyfriend. We're both still knickerless most of the time - although a few years older now -oh yes, and we're both totally shaved




the first time i went panty-less was when i was 19.
my friend and i went out on the town and i could not understand why she got all the attention, then when we went 2 the toilet i found out she was panty-free .
she then explained how she always goes panty-free.
so i thought i might well join her.
i am glad i did as i met my husband that night and now i never go out with knickers on.
it has led 2 memorable teasing and sexual adventures,but that's a different group (lol)
   love jo



