The Foster Home (Part 2)

A fantasy story obviously.

The next few days after my foster mommy had made me instantly into a sex addict we would play at bedtime each night.

Mommy (Brenda) would teach me how to say other things she liked to hear me say like "lick my kiddie cunt mommy" or "suck my

little clit harder mommy".  She also started asking me to say other things like "I love sucking cock mommy" or "I'm a piece 

of kiddie fuck meat mommy."

Mommy asked me if I would be ok with letting her husband lick me also.  I told her I didn't mind as long as someone licked me

every day.

She laughed and said that one of them would probably be able to lick me each day until I started having my period.

I, of course, needed her to explain what a period was and I was not looking forward to that at all mostly because it would stop me 

from bieng licked for a week!

I liked learning all the nasty new things she was teaching me to say and I liked how her eyes lit up when I said them.

She said that she wanted me to call her husband Daddy and that he wanted to lick me like she had been doing.  She also said that he

wanted to fuck me with his cock and she explained what that was and how it worked.  She told me that it would hurt a little bit at 

first but that I would love it the second or third time.  She also promised to spend a lot of time licking my cunt to get me ready for 

his cock the first time.

The first time he licked me daddy did a pretty good job but nowhere close to as good as mommy.  He was very gentle the first time he put

his cock inside my pussy and he didn't cum because he could only put in about half way.  

After he tried to fuck me that first time he wanted me and Mommy to finish him off with our mouths.

Mommy showed me how to suck it by doing it herself.  She told me to always caress the balls or tickle them with my finger tips while I was

sucking.  She also said that when my jaw started to get tired I could make him finish faster by saying dirty things to him.

He loved for me to say stuff like "Are you gonna stick that big dick up inside my kid cunt Daddy?"

Mommy and I only had to suck his cock for a few minutes before he came.  Mommy told me that she wanted to see him shoot his load on my face.

She told me to close my eyes and not to get scared because she would lick it off my face after he shot it.  I remember he shot what I thought

was a huge load of cum all over my face and hair.  I kept my eyes closed to keep it from getting in my eyes while Mommy took

some pictures of me.  Then mommy licked it all off of me just like a cat cleaning itself.  It felt good and I loved the fact that they

were enjoying it.  

It took five or six tries before Daddy could really get up on top of me and hump me with full strokes.  I remember lying on the kitchen

table with my legs back and looking down at his cock disappearing into my tiny little hole and loving it.  After a whhile he got to the

point where he could fuck me for a while without cumming but I couldn't say anything dirty or he would cum right then.  

After a few weeks of fucking me daily Daddy started getting more agressive.  Mommy told me that he liked to be "mean" to girls when he fucked

them and that it was just like pretending.  She said he was going to try some new things and that if I got scared to tell her and she would make

him stop.  She said that I should try to let him keep going if I could because the more he could do to me the better he would cum.

It actually made perfect sense to me at the time and I didn't have a problem with it.

That night after mommy had licked me for at least 30 minutes daddy fucked me on the sofa and while he was humping me he put his hand around my 

throat and started to squeeze.


 
   