Day at the Beach
Revengedpirate

Day at the Beach part 1.

Michelle was excited, tomorrow her and her two sisters would be going to the beach.

Michelle was 16 she had long straight brown hair, blue eyes, freckles and was 5 foot 2 inches tall. She had a small skinny frame and her A cup breasts were always a little perky.

Her older Sister, Donna, was 21. She had the same looks as her younger sister Michelle, but Donna was taller at 5 foot 8 inches. Donna also had DD breasts and she also had a bubble butt.

Her younger Sister Laura, was 14. She also looked a lot like her two older sisters. Laura however was only there half sister. As a result Laura was taller then both her sisters at 5 foot 10 inches, she Also had E cup breasts and had a rounder figure. She did have freckles like Michelle but had blonde hair. Everyone kept confusing her as the oldest sister.

Donna got her two younger siblings to pack before all three headed upstairs to bed.

At 6am Donna woke up and packed the van. Michelle was still asleep and Laura started eating breakfast. Their mum helped make their breakfast.

“Donna hadn’t you better get Michelle up? She’s going to make you late.” Said Their Mum to Donna.

Just then, Michelle’s, Laura’s and Donna’s friends arrived. Donna quickly went upstairs and spoke to Michelle.

“Michelle get up now, or you’ll go in your Pyjamas.” Said Donna.

“Just a couple more minutes Donna.” Said Michelle still half asleep.

“Fine if you’re not downstairs dressed and ready to go in five minutes, I’ll carry you down to the van in your pyjamas and you’ll stay in them until I’m ready to get you dressed.” Said Donna storming back downstairs.

The others helped Donna get the van ready. By half past 6 all the girls were ready and in van, all except Michelle.

Donna went back upstairs removed Michelle’s blanket, and picked her up. She unceremoniously carried her like you would a toddler. Michelle’s legs were tucked over Donna’s right arm whilst Michelle’s torso was over her left arm.

Donna carried Michelle down the stairs. Michelle was wearing just her little pony nightie and pink love heart panties. She had no make up on, and no bra, under her night shirt.

Michelle started to protest but Donna ignored her. When they got to the bottom of the stairs, their mum opened the door for Donna to pass.

“Please no, I’ll get dressed like a good girl, please.” Pleaded Michelle but it was too late she was outside in just her nightie and panties. Laura and Michelle’s best friend Zoe held the door open and Donna strapped Michelle into the middle seat. Donna then shut the door and got into the drivers side.

Donna waved goodbye to her Mum, started the engine and set off for the beach.

Michelle started whinging almost as soon as they left the driveway. “Donna please I’m sorry please just let me get dressed.” Begged Michelle. She tried pulling her nightie down to cover her Panties but it only covered the top.

“I warned you what the consequences would be, you are not getting dressed until I say you can.” Said Donna sharply.

Donna continued to drive for another hour until Louise, Laura’s friend asked for the toilet. Donna pulled into the services and everyone got out apart from Michelle who was still wearing her pyjamas and wanted no one to see her.

The girls all walked into the services except Michelle and Donna. “Michelle I’ve had enough of your attitude. You can put your trainers on and get out of the van this instant, or you will be in more trouble.” Said Donna, handing Michelle her trainers.

“I’m not getting out without any bottoms on.” Said Michelle folding her arms.

“Fine you want to act like a baby, I’ll easily treat you like one.” Said Donna, she grabbed Michelle’s left foot, and trainer and put it on Michelle’s foot. Then did the same with Michelle’s other foot. Once both trainers were on, Donna pulled Michelle from the van and locked the doors so she couldn’t get back in. Michelle turned red with embarrassment, people passing were staring at her pale bare legs, and her panties were on full display.

“Now hold my hand little girl, and walk with me, or I’ll put you over my lap right here and spank you.” Said Donna crossly. Michelle looked around, there were already people staring at her, boys, girls, adults, and teenagers. Michelle definitely didn’t want more attention brought her way, so reluctantly she took Donna’s hand.

“There that wasn’t so hard.” Said Donna, who after receiving Michelle’s hand, began to walk briskly towards the services. Michelle was bright red, everyone they passed could see her love heart panties and my little pony nightie. She lowered her head in shame and embarrassment. After a few moments Donna stopped walking, and Michelle wondering why they had stopped looked up.

Donna had stopped in front of a shop that was selling clothes, amongst other things. Michelle’s hopes lifted for a second as she thought her sister was going to show her some mercy and get her some bottoms. Even a skirt would be better then walking around in just her underwear and nightie.

Donna walked towards the shop and Michelle went with her. They entered together, Michelle started towards the teens section but Donna changed direction away from the teens section but instead towards the toddlers section. To Michelle’s horror Donna picked up a dress and measured it up against her. It was bright pink and had Minnie Mouse blazoned on the front. “Hmm let’s try this on you.” Said Donna.

“Let’s not!” Said Michelle in a rude retort.

SLAP!! “Ow” cried Michelle as she felt the stinging slap across the back of her legs.

“Put it on, or you’ll get more where that came from.” Said Donna. Michelle pulled the dress over her head. Michelle looked at herself in the mirror. The dress only came to above her panties. It was way too small for her.

“Hmm, that won’t do. Take it off again please Michelle.” Said Donna. Michelle grabbed the bottom of the dress and lifted it. The dress was so tight Michelle’s nightie started lifting with it. Donna meanwhile wandered off browsing seeing if there were clothes she could get Michelle that would fit the criteria she wanted for her younger sister.

Michelle realised she had to move slowly, every time she came close to getting the dress off her nightie almost went with it every time. The nightie would raise to just under her small breasts before she stopped pulling the dress, her panties were on complete display as was her belly button.

After a few minutes went by, a young mum decided to try and help the struggling teen. She got Michelle to hold her nightie whilst she tugged at the dress. The young mum grabbed the bottom of the dress but it was so tight she also grabbed the nightie as well.

Before Michelle knew what had happened the young mums tug was so strong it pulled the nightie clean out of Michelle’s hands. The dress came off, and the nightie came off with it, and both garments tangled together.

The young mum looked at the topless girl startled. “OH MY GOD, IM SO SORRY!!!” She shouted bringing unwanted attention towards Michelle.

Michelle was stunned her hands were still above her head, as people started to look her way. Michelle looked down and realised she was stood in just her panties her small pale breasts were on complete display for everyone. She quickly moved her hands to cover her small chest.

There were quite a few teenagers as well as a few parents with their kids, some of the teenage boys looked cute, but they were seeing her topless. The young mum quickly untangled Michelle’s nightie, but to get it back on, Michelle would have to remove her arms to above her head. Some of the teens were already starting to take pictures on their phones, and Some of the girls were filming Michelle’s embarrassment.

The young mum, placed her hands on Michelle’s shoulders and guided her too a changing room out of public gaze. Donna was in the changing rooms entrance holding several different garments.

“OH Michelle thank god, I thought I’d lost you.” Said Donna.

“Who are you?” Asked the young mum.

“I’m her older sister. I was really worried I’d lost her as I thought she was right behind me.” Said Donna.

“Is this your sister?” Asked the mum to Michelle. Michelle still embarrassed at standing in just her underpants could only nod in agreement.

“O.k. I’ll leave you to it, by the way you’ve nothing to be embarrassed about, you’ll grow soon enough.” Said the mum who gave Donna Michelle’s nightie and, then promptly left leaving Michelle feeling even more embarrassed.

“I’ve got some outfits for you, you can try them on in the van. Do you need the toilet before we get back to the van?” Asked Donna. Michelle shook her head.

“Well I don’t see any point getting you dressed, I don’t want to waste time and, I mean most of the people here have already seen you in just your underpants. So you can walk back to the van as you are.” Said Donna.

Donna then grabbed Michelle’s left hand, and pulled Michelle out of the changing rooms, with only one hand to cover up her modesty, she had no choice but to follow her sister. The teens were still there and looked slightly surprised by her topless reappearance they again took their cameras out and started taking more photos.

Donna walked towards the doorway, still holding Michelle’s left arm away from Michelle’s torso, where they were met by their sister and their three friends. Cheryl, Donna’s friend and the eldest of the six girls walked forward and took Michelle’s right hand and pulled it away from Michelle’s breasts.

Michelle, with both arms held away, from her now exposed breasts, screamed and struggled, as the teens that were following wolf whistled and laughed at her. The two girls holding her escorted Michelle back to the van, where once again she was strapped in. This time Michelle was wearing just her panties and trainers. Finally with her hands released she covered her small breasts and cried into her lap.

Donna decided to let Cheryl drive from the services to the beach, as they were halfway there. Cheryl was 22, she had dark brown hair, B cup breasts, milky white skin, but was moderately good looking, and skinny as a rake.

Donna got in the back of the van with the other four girls and they set off again.

After twenty minutes Donna erected a screen made of towels across the back of the van.

“Michelle here’s your clothes, now go change in the back.” Said Donna calmly handing Michelle her bag of clothes. Michelle got up and went behind the towels, she was glad to be away from the others even if it were for a short while. She quickly changed into her clothes and went back to her chair.

“Aww I miss her heart covered panties hahaha” laughed Zoe, she was the shortest, but tanned with black hair, brown eyes, and very pretty. Her breasts were C cup and had a delicious round bottom. Zoe was also 16.

“Really, because I miss her baby tits.” Said Louise matter of factly. Louise was 13, had fiery red hair, freckles, D cup breasts milky white skin, was 5,ft 8 inches tall, and was well rounded.

Michelle burst into tears, she hated the girls making fun of her. “Stop teasing her or you two will be showing your panties too.” Said Donna sternly.

“Sorry Donna. And Michelle!!” Apologised the two girls.

They were now only ten minutes away from the beach. “Cheryl let’s check into the hotel first and then head to the beach.” Said Donna.

“O.K.” Said Cheryl, and she pulled up in front of the hotel.

“Right me and Cheryl will check-in, we’ll take the bags with us, all of you take your beach things out, and we’ll be back soon.” Said Donna.

The two girls left carrying the suitcases up to the front desk.

After 10 minutes the four girls were starting to get bored. “I’m thirsty, I’m going to get a drink. Does anybody else want one?” Asked Zoe.

“Yes please.” The others said in unison.

“Be back in a sec.” said Zoe getting out of the van and running over to the shop. Within two minutes she returned with a bottle of coke for everyone.

“Hey, where’s the lids?” Asked Louise.

“The shop removed them, apparently they’re taking them off every bottle.” Said Zoe.

“Oh, O.K. Cool.” Said Louise.

“You know what will be fun, seeing who can drink theres the quickest.” Said Laura.

“Yes that will be fun, O.K. After three. One, Two, Three. Go.” Shouted Michelle.

The four girls quickly drunk their drinks. Zoe finished First, then it was Laura.

“Last one has to remove their costume in the sea.” Said Laura.

Michelle finished her’s next, making Louise lose. The girls laughed.

“Please do I have to remove my costume in the sea?” Asked Louise.

“That was the dare. So yes you do.” Said Laura giggling around her friends obvious embarrassment.

“Fine.” Said Laura just as the other two girls returned. They drove down to the beach and parked in a bay near the beach. Donna paid for the ticket, and all six girls walked onto the beach.

Cheryl and Donna put towels down.

Laura was the first to change. She took her jumper off her head, dropped her Jeans, and removed her trainers. She shook her long blonde hair which came down past the top of her one piece swimsuit that was sky blue. Once changed she started applying sun cream.

Next to change was Louise. Louise undid her belt, and removed her skirt revealing her green thong bikini bottom. She then kicked her heels off, before lifting her top off her D cup breasts, which were covered by a green string bikini top. Her red hair fell to the middle of her back. She threw her top down and headed towards the sea. Guys stared at her heavenly figure and Louise loved the attention.

Third was Cheryl. She was wearing a long dress, she undid the straps and let it fall to her ankles. She was also wearing a one piece but hers was pink. Her dark brown hair was cut shorter then the others and only came down to her shoulder. She followed Louise towards the water.

Fourth was Donna, she slowly unbuttoned her blouse, before carefully taking it off and placing it gently in her bag. Her bikini top was bright pink. Then she slowly unzipped her skirt revealing her matching bikini bottoms before removing it completely and carefully placed it in her bag. Next Donna rolled down her socks and sat down on the towel before removing them completely and placing each in her bag. Donna then slowly applied sun cream on her arms breasts and legs, before lying down.

Zoe was next to change. She slowly undid her blouse, as she did so her string bikini slowly came into view. She dropped her blouse on the floor before dropping her jeans down. She then kicked her jeans off and ran to catch up with the other two girls heading toward the water.

Michelle was last, she took her trainers off and lay down on the towel. Still wearing her T-Shirt and long skirt. She wasn’t in the mood to let anyone else see her in just her underwear or less today.

“Aren’t you getting changed Michelle?” Asked Donna inquisitively.

“No, I’m ok like this.” Said Michelle smiling as she lay down in the heat. There was a cool breeze blowing gently over her, and the sound of the sea was really relaxing. She soon drifted off to sleep.


 