"See?" Alec said, trying to keep the strain out of his voice, as he dug his good hand into the sheets beneath the pile of blankets. "Sitting up."

"So it would seem," James said. And then he threw back the blanket, exposing the ruse.

"You didn't say how I needed to stay sitting up," Alec pointed out. Not that he expected James to agree, but he had to at least make the argument --

"Hmm ... " James looked thoughtful. And then he slid his arms around Alec's shoulders. Alec expected James to lower him back to the pillow. But instead, he lowered his mouth to Alec's. Kissed him gently, just the tip of his tongue sliding along the top of Alec's lower lip. Alec, barely daring to hope, stayed still, not wanting to press the issue. Though he couldn't hold back the shudder that ran through him.

James drew back. "You're not cold, are you?" He began to reach for the pajama top he'd been about to dress Alec in.

Alec put his hand on James's arm. "You'll warm me up." He more than half expected James to pull away, even if only to tease him. But instead James leaned in closer, kissed him again.

This time, when James slid his tongue into his mouth, Alec took action, drew the tongue deeper in, sucked on it.

James groaned, and Alec felt the hands tighten on his back. He got his good hand up, and reached for James's belt buckle. Fumbled it open, and went for the catch, then the zipper.

But before Alec could work his hand inside, James pulled back. Alec let out a whimper of protest, but before he had time to wrap words around it, he was on his back. James straddled his hips, then slowly began to lower himself. Halfway down, though, he stopped, and undid the strap to the sling. Gently, carefully, he straightened the arm, laid it down by Alec's side.

"Bloody hell, James," Alec groaned. "I'm not made of glass. I won't break if you touch me."

For an answer, James rubbed his thumb along Alec's collarbone -- enough to send a jolt of pain through Alec's shoulder, but only for a moment. He controlled his expression -- but James didn't look convinced.

Though the position that James was in -- hips pressing down on Alec, so that they lay cock-to-cock, only a few thin layers of cloth separating them -- was a far more urgent discomfort. Just the heat from James's body, the nearness, was making him hard.

Damn James. Damn him. Perched there, over him, balanced precariously -- inspiration struck. He'd regained a fair amount of strength in his left arm; now, he put it to the test. Reached out and grabbed James by the shirt-front, pulled him down. Held him there. Kissed him.

If James had wanted to escape, he could have -- Alec knew he wasn't nearly strong enough to hold him. But instead, he stayed. Kissed back. And suddenly James was sucking on his tongue, sucking it like a cock, and at the thought, Alec felt himself grow harder, achingly hard, though the weight of James's body kept it pressed against his belly. And then James began to move, grinding his hips in slow circles. And there was nothing, nothing, that Alec could do. He was along for the ride, totally at James's mercy ...

If James didn't stop soon, he was going to explode. If James stopped ...

But he remembered the rules of the game. How they'd pushed each other, teased each other, until one of them broke and begged, and then the winner would give the loser exactly what he wanted, what they both wanted, and really, what was a another shred of dignity worth when James was twisting his hips like that --

When James came up for air, Alec moaned "Need you. Please ... "

"Please what?"

"Please, James, fuck me. I need to feel you inside me. Oh God -- " he cried, as James changed the rhythm of his hips, from grinding to a slow thrusting motion. Alec bit his lip as the hard ridge of James's cock pressed up against his belly, teasing him with the memory of how it had felt inside -- "I'm going to -- "

"Well, we can't have that, can we?" James rolled off Alec in one smooth motion, lay on his side, his head propped up on one hand. He looked obscenely relaxed about the whole thing.

"James -- you can't -- "

"Can't what?"

"Can't just leave me like this!"

"Like what?" James asked innocently.

Alec growled in frustration. If James wouldn't take care of him -- he slid his hand down his belly, and under the waistband of his pajama bottoms.

But before he could even start, James took hold of his wrist and gently, but insistently, pulled his hand up. Pinned it up by his head.

"James ... "

"Shh ... breathe. Deep, slow breaths."

Almost against his will, Alec found his breath slowing, falling into rhythm with James. He felt his erection subside.

Finally, James let go of his wrist. His fingers trailed down Alec's arm, then lazily across his chest.

"Bloody hell, James."

"Shh." Fingers trailed lower. Nudged the waistband of his pajamas down, circled his navel lazily.

Alec turned his head, looked at James. His eyes were intent, now; Alec could imagine that he was weighing and measuring each shudder that ran through him, as the fingers circled ever lower.

Now that his hand was free, Alec raised it, cupped James's cheek. Traced his thumb across James's lips. James turned his head, pressed his lips into the palm of his hand. But only for a moment; then, he leaned over, brushed his lips against Alec's.

"Please," Alec breathed.

James nodded, once, tightly. Alec almost cried out when he pulled away -- but only far enough to stand up at the end of the bed. He bent forward, hooked his fingers into the waistband of Alec's pajama bottoms, and pulled them off in one smooth movement.

Alec hated to look at his wasted body, thin legs like knobby sticks, just another reminder -- as if he needed one -- of how weak he was. So instead, he looked at James. Smiled, rang his tongue over his lower lip. "Your turn."

James smiled, and then slowly, slowly, began to undo his buttons. Let the shirt fall. Then the trousers, then the briefs, letting his erection spring free.

Alec licked his lips again, remembering the taste of that cock, the feel of it as it had slipped into his mouth, or --

-- and then James walked to the head of the bed, opened the drawer of the bedside table. Pulled out a small white tube. Held it in his hand for a long moment before he came back to the bed. Spread Alec's legs, and knelt between them.

"James," Alec gasped. "Please."

But James just knelt there, for a long moment. Then, just lightly, he began to brush his fingertips along the insides of his thighs. Closer, closer. Picked up the tube of lubricant. Squeezed some onto his middle finger, and pressed his fingertip against Alec's opening.

"Are you ready for this? Perhaps we should wait a few more -- "

"James!

He shrugged. "Just checking." Just the lightest hint of pressure, and the slicked finger slipped in.

Alec groaned. Cried out softly, as the finger curved, pressed up there, and oh god, James still knew how and where to -- Oh.

And then he was arching up, wasted muscles flexing, and the thought trailed through his mind that he'd hurt in the morning but it didn't matter, because oh -- the things James could do with just a finger --

And then another finger joined the first, twisting in and out, corkscrewing --

His fingers clutched at the sheets. "Please -- "

"God, you're tight."

"Nine years," he gasped. "Nine years, five months, and -- if I -- if you had a calendar -- "

"Would you like me to go get you one?" Fingers pulling back, almost completely out of him.

"No. God!" Fingers twisting back in, hard and fast. Third finger. James held still. Alec tried to arch his hips, tried to twist against James, get him to put his fingers there again, but he couldn't, the spirit wanted to be fucked but the flesh was still too damned weak or shouldn't that be the other way around and James was just sitting there -- "Please!"

And then the fingers were gone. Alec fought to control his breathing, to keep his body relaxed. He could see James stroking himself, slicking his cock with the lubricant. And then he felt James's hands on his hips, lifting and tilting him, and for a moment he was embarrassed that he couldn't even do that much for himself. Then the tip of James's cock nudged his entrance and he forgot everything else.

"Ready?"

"Have been since -- oh -- " James's cock slid into him in one smooth movement.

And then he was in. To the hilt. James held still, let him adjust, let him reacquaint himself with the sensation. Hands feather-light on his hips, his belly, one wrapping around his cock to slick it, too, and Alec was sure it would make him come, but after a single pump, it was gone.

And then James leaned over. Scooped Alec up in his arms, pulled him upright on the edge of the bed.

Held him.

Nuzzled his neck. Blazed a trail of kisses down to his collarbone. And all Alec could do was clutch weakly at James's shoulder. He was so weak, James was so strong -- and he realized with a shock how turned on he was by that fact.

Oh, James, what have you done to me?

And then James pulled out, thrust home, and any thoughts more complicated than more were driven from Alec's mind. He clung to James as best he could, as every thrust drove him closer to the edge. Every time James moved, his belly would rub up against the slicked underside of his cock ...

"I'm going to -- James -- "

"Hang on," James gasped. "Almost there!"

But he couldn't. He was exploding, dissolving, drowning in James. He cried out, every muscle in his body tensing, and James kept thrusting, four or five more times, his arms tightening around Alec until he could barely breathe, before he let out a groan and went still.

Alec felt his breath start to slow, while James shuddered around him. Held him tight, and it felt so good to be held, strong arms keeping him upright. He ducked his head, laid it on James's shoulder, an awkward position, but worth it when James finally took a deep breath. His hand came up to cradle the back of Alec's head; for a long minute, James just held him.

Sooner or later, he knew, James would let him go. Sooner or later, he always did. But Alec forced the thought from his mind with an act of will, and concentrated on how good it felt, just to be held.