Petite thing, about 5' 1", tight fucking ass, perky firm tits. Raven hair, light complexion with freckles. A fucking 18-yo cutie pie.  So naturally when I asked it out, I assumed it realized that I was going to fuck it. Fuck it in the ass, in the first five minutes. 

Fucking tease.

It answered the door wearing tight jeans and a sleaveless shirt and the leather choker I had given it.  It was barefoot so it asked me to step inside while it put its shoes on.  Something about the way it bent over to put its shoe on sent me over the edge I reached over and grabbed it roughly and threw it on the couch.  It tried to get up and I slapped it in the face so hard that it stopped moving as it gathered its strength for one rage fueled lunge at me. I stopped it by punching it in the eye.  It groaned and gasped and fell to its knees and then over on the floor.  

I picked my quarry up by its hair and put it on the table.  I proceeded to hogtie it.  I ran out to my truck and got my duffel bag.  I gagged its mouth with big red ball gag that fit over its face and secured with straps. I clipped its steel collar in place. I took its shoes off and clipped on the ankle cuffs, I attached the spreader bar to both ankles then and bent its legs back to attach the spreader bar to its collar with a hook. Its arms were pulled back behind its back and taped together at the wrist and then chained to the spreader bar. 

There all nice and secure.  I filled a glass up with water and poured it on its head. Its terror filled eyes opened and stared disbelievingly at me as I sat across from it masturbating my hard cock. My 6' 6" frame with 11 inches of fat aching cock meat directly in front of its face kept it mesmerized. It was quickly calculating the intense pain it would cause if it was stuffed up its tender tiny holes.  I continued to stroke and stroke as it wriggled and screamed into its gag. It turned bright red and began crying and sobbing uncontrollably. 

Finally I couldn't take it anymore. The site of a freshly caught one made me unbelievably horny. I began shooting my load all over its hair.  The huge load puddled on its hair began to trickle down into its eyes. Burning  its eyes and causing the lashes and lids to stick shut on its right eye.  

One problem, it still had its clothes on.  

Returning from the kitchen with a pair of sheers. I started at its collar and cut away the flimsy shirt through its bra strap. The shirt fell away and I yanked the shredded material clear.  Took a  little longer to cut through the thick leather belt and then the jeans gave way pretty easily, cut through the waistband of a pair of mango colored panties and then up one leg and then down the other until the jeans were in ribbons.  I rolled the tattered clothes into a ball and put them in the bag. 

On with the inspection of the holes. Cunt was nice and smooth, no hair little pink slit with no hint of stretched or outward opened lips. Asshole was pink and puckered and cute as a button and I already knew the mouths was perfect. Small with perfect plump lips. 

Debated whether or not to take a test drive or not.  I secured another bar from its ankle spreader bar to its neck collar and attached a leather suitcase handle.  I lifted it up by the handle and practiced walking around with it to see if it would wiggle and if it would be too awkward to carry. I also had to make sure its joints were being pulled apart too harshly. Its neck was no worry as the steel collar would never give. I attached a canvas strap under it belly and then to the handle to keep its midsection from bowing down towards the floor too much and taking some stress of its back.

Everything seemed to be in order. I cleaned its eye off and then its holes.  I couldn't resist fingering them and watching them get puffy and excited. The cunt was now slick so I took out my cock which had recovered, and began rubbing my fat purple cockhead on its slickness, it began to moan and breathe heavily. I forced the head in, it began to squirm, I pulled it back so its cunt was on the edge of the table and I stood up and began to force more of my monster shaft into its snug slit. Slowly but surely its little hole gave way, the lips gripped my shaft as I pushed against the walls of its inner cunt, prying them open, I heard it sobbing and it began to shiver and shake causing my cock to become harder.  I began forcing my cock in and out until I was sawing back and forth in this little cunt. I was a foot and a half taller and more than 120 pounds heavier. Once my cock was all the way in I began trying to lift it off the table with just my cock, finally I grabbed its handle and held it aloft on my cock I fucked it up and down on my cock with its handle, just to check if it was sturdy enough. Because very shortly it was going to be gang fucked by a few dozen cocks in a motel room in the middle of nowhere.  All paying $1500 each for three hours of anything goes, courtesy of `Holes To Go", CAM (Cunt Ass Mouth) Delivery Service. 

I came inside. So deep it would take a week for it to drool out.  With any luck I had made her pregnant. Pregnant holes can get at least $2,500 a man. 

I plugged its holes with fat plugs, A Christmas tree shaped clear gel for its asshole that was held in with two bungee cords criss-crossing over its asshole and a fat like-life latex dildo, that sealed off its cunt with its suction base. It too was held in place by the bungee cords.  I unzipped my duffel and laid it out on the floor, I picked up my holes to go cargo in all its plugged, bound glory and put it in the bag, and zipped it up all the way except enough for the handle. I whispered in its ear that it would be able to breath and it would all be over in two hours. At which time it would be untied and released back into the wild with a new set of clothes and 5k in its bank account.  I told it the first time is always done this way because no young tight holes would go for it, but once they do they agree willingly next time when they realize how much money they can make. 

Another big problem with fresh caught quim is the ass fucking. Sometimes they are anal virgins. This can elicit a protective response is some of the less virile males, those who recognize the fear noises coming from a cunt and they start to think about female family members or the cunt's asshole begins to bleed and turns everyone limp.  All this can be avoided if customers read the Cunt Care Manual and use their Sperm Mops properly. Holes to Go provides three sperm mops with every cunt package. Sperm Mops worked formerly as cunts and are now either too old or stretched out to be graded as A quality holes. These subspecies cater to the customers' every whim but foremost they provide needed services that become apparent as three holes are used continually by dozens of hard cocks over the course of several hours. 

1)	Hole cleaning,  sperm mops keep the cunt and asshole clear of sperm usually by sucking or licking it out they can also probe with their fingers to get any especially clingy spunk. Mouth cleaning is unnecessary because mouth hole deposits are expected to be swallowed, or drooled into a clear glass bowl for a grand finale by one of the sperm mops.
2)	Clit stimulation, excited cunts are better for fucking, they can accept bigger cocks more easily and can accept multiple cocks for a longer period of time. Usually one mop is assigned to one hole. The cunt mop should be kneeling at all times and lick or finger the cunt constantly, this allows her to clean up spunk as it happens and to lick balls that rest on her cheek or chin. A mop may also be used to eat or lick a customer's asshole while he is taking his turn. 
3)	Degradation, sperm mops are there for your enjoyment, take every opportunity to degrade and humiliate these formerly useful cunts.  Suggestions include spanking, whipping, gagging, asshole eating. Blowing several customers and of course a circle jerk facial or bukakke are especially gratifying to see and make the mop feel sufficiently degraded.  Sperm mops must always comply.
4)	Asshole lubrication, the asshole sperm mop is in charge of keeping the ass open for use, keeping it lubed sufficiently, we suggest a combination of ky jelly and vegetable oil, avoid Vaseline or lotion, these do not work as well and cause other problems especially with large groups. The asshole mop should also be sucking the sperm from the hole's asshole, unless otherwise instructed. 
5)	Piss mop, the third mop should be the toilet. If you want to have optimal time with your holes, you don't want to waste time pissing, simply piss down the piss mops throat. It is experienced at drinking piss and can accommodate gallons of piss.  And if she can't you can piss on her head as she vomits into the toilet. We suggest you make the prettiest of  the mops the toilet mop. No shitting in the piss mops mouth. If you want a human toilet that is another service. Holes to Go can recommend some highly trusted human toilet services. The piss mop also is in charge of making sure the cunt does not have to piss or if it does it would drink it or collect it in a bowl and then feed it back to the cunt for refreshment. 
6)	Cunt morale booster, the piss mop also acts as the holes `friend' during this time. She whispers encouragement and keeps its spirit up. Especially important in a first time cunt.


All the money appeared in the account. I pulled up to the motel. In the back of the truck I took the CAM out of its bag and draped a blanket over it. I headed into the party carrying the evening's entertainment by its handle.

