AUTOMATION

BY MASTER CHRIS

Part 4

Vanessa Doral was fourteen and had entered that most rebellious
of phases for a person in their teenage years. She had been to
the local APC just west of Orlando twice before, once at the age
of ten and once at the age of eleven but both punishments had not
done much to leave a lasting impression.

This was partly the fault of her single mother who didn't have
the heart to actually send Vanessa in for punishment. In fact,
only the first punishment had been organized by her Mom. It had
been a straightforward paddling in private without any extras.
The APC had taken the naked ten year old to the left into the
private room and had quickly reduced her to tears with a hot and
hard paddling to her tight buttocks.

As painful as it was, there was little embarrassment factor and
only a few months later, at the age of eleven, Vanessa had been
brought for a second spanking by her aunt when she was being
babysat. This too was a private spanking and, although it was
harder and included a strapping along the inside of her young
buttocks on either side of her anus, Vanessa hadn't learned to
fear it at all. In fact, if the lack of punishment had taught her
anything it was to avoid getting caught rather than trying to be
better.

Vanessa was fourteen now with that blond beauty that comes from
southern Floridian girls. Vanessa was already at school and
Kelly, Vanessa's Mom was just about to leave for work when the
front doorbell rang.

To her shock, a pair of police officers, a man and woman were
waiting for her.

For a moment, she thought the worst. Had there been a terrible
accident? Was Vanessa injured? The truth was not so savory.

After coming in and sitting down, the officers told Kelly a
disturbing story. Investigations into pirated music theft had
turned up Vanessa as a suspect. Using they believed she had been
using the school computers to download illegal music files over
the Internet and had been selling the files to friends and
schoolmates.

A sting operation that had concluded just the day before had
proved the theory correct. They had video and computer
surveillance files of Vanessa downloading the illegal files, and
video and sound recordings of her selling some of these files to
an undercover police officer in the school.

Vanessa was to be picked up this morning by the police for
summary judgment and the officers were here only as a courtesy to
tell Kelly what was about to happen to her daughter.

Kelly was shocked. She blamed herself for not being stricter.
Perhaps if she had sent Vanessa more often for punishment as her
sister had suggested, she would have not resorted to illegal
activities.

What would happen now? She asked the officers.

They reminded her of the statutes in the Good Child Law which
outlined how police officers and officers of the court could
dispense punishment under certain conditions for non-violent
crimes when there was a child involved. The law had reduced
significantly the costs of trial and jail and the program had
been tremendously successful so far in reducing recidivism.
Unlike parental spankings, Kelly was informed, a police ordered
spanking would include extras that could not be ordered otherwise
and unlike a parental punishment, this punishment would include a
repeatable aspect. Vanessa would be picked up from school this
afternoon and would be brought by the police to the APC. Her
school would be informed so that schoolmates could attend the
punishment as spectators. There were six other schoolmates who
had been implicated in the affair who would receive lesser
punishments at the same time but as the ringleader, Vanessa was
in for a painful and likely very embarrassing punishment.

"The embarrassment and humiliation aspect of a police ordered
punishment is mostly what sets it apart," explained Officer
Stanton, the blond female of the pair. "The pain of the
punishment will last a day or so and we'll reinforce that with
two reminders with a public strapping this coming Saturday and
the Saturday after that but she'll likely remember the
embarrassment of the extras she will receive for her entire
life."

Kelly's face hardened as she realized how Vanessa had pulled the
wool over her eyes.

"You have my support Officers," she said firmly. "Perhaps this
will get her onto the straight and narrow before she goes any
further down a life of crime."

The officers left the schedule of the APC information with Kelly
and let her know when the punishment was scheduled to start and
finish so that she could be there to bring her daughter home.

Blissfully ignorant of the events unfolding around her, Vanessa
was having a pretty good day. It looked like Randy, one of the
boys in her grade wanted to go out with her. He had approached
her at lunch and talked about maybe seeing a movie together.
Vanessa's friends had immediately rushed around her as soon as he
had moved off to eat with his friends. He was so 'dreamy' one of
her friends said, she was sure Vanessa was the luckiest girl in
school.

The afternoon had drifted along in a kind of dream, with Vanessa
thinking about Randy and how exciting it would be to be kissed by
him.

As the last class of the day wound to a close, Vanessa started
packing up. Suddenly the school's PA system came on. It was the
voice of Mr. Andreeson, the school principal.

"May I have your attention please," he said. "I have some
disturbing news that affects several of our students."

As he started to speak, the door of Vanessa's class opened and
two police officers walked in. Some of the students gasped in
surprise. The officers moved deliberately into the class until
one was on either side of Vanessa.

"Stand up Miss Doral," said the taller of the two.

Vanessa felt her heart leap into her mouth as the officers led
her out of the class with each firmly holding one of her arms.

Mr. Andreeson's voice continued throughout the school. He
described the illegal pirate ring of music downloaders and let
everyone know that the seven criminals would receive their
punishment that very afternoon at the local public APC. Vanessa
Doral, he said, was to receive a special public punishment as the
ring leader of the group.

Vanessa felt sick to her stomach. Not only was she to be punished
publicly for the first time ever, the whole school now knew about
it. She could reasonably expect that many of her classmates would
be there to enjoy her embarrassment. Oh God, Randy himself would
probably go! He wouldn't have to wait to get to first base, he'd
see her completely, utterly naked just by going to the APC!
Vanessa had never felt more miserable in her life.

As she reached the front of the school escorted firmly with a
hand on each arm by the police officers, she could see the other
six friends she had been downloading with loaded into the back of
a van altogether.

She was not put with them. As the ringleader she would be brought
separately, she was told.

The car carrying Vanessa pulled into the parking lot and Vanessa
could see the place was already crowded. Clearly the word of a
special punishment had already gotten around. She had never
witnessed such a punishment but she had heard rumors that they
were the most embarrassing thing that could be done to you at the
APC. No two were the same so she had no way of predicting what
her particular punishment would be like. She couldn't help
starting to cry a little as she wondered what would happen to
her.

The police pulled her into the reception area which was almost
empty. All regular punishments had been put on hold while she and
her teammates were dealt with.

There was only one preparation door open and, as the police
officers led her directly to it, she could see her mother
standing right by the door looking at her. Vanessa opened her
mouth to speak but as she did so her Mom just shook her head
sadly as she looked at her wayward daughter. Vanessa choked up
with a sob. This was going to be bad.

The door closed behind Vanessa, leaving her in the preparation
room alone with the APC and the dreaded punishment frame standing
in front of her, waiting. "Vanessa Doral," the voice of the APC
was a man's and it was a firm commanding voice which did not
invite anything but obedience, "you have two minutes to remove
all your clothing and jewelry from your person and deposit them
in the bin provided."

Vanessa didn't pause. She pulled her feet from her sneakers
without even bothering to undo them and then pulled her socks off
her feet. Strangely, the feeling of her bare feet on the cool
tiled floor made her feel already naked.

Her blouse was next followed by her school skirt leaving her in
only her 34b bra and her low-cut white cotton panties.

She hesitated a moment. Once she took this off, she knew she'd be
naked for awhile.

"Vanessa Doral," said the APC, "You now have one minute to
complete removing all your clothing and jewelry from your person
and deposit them in the bin provided."

The voice was enough encouragement. Vanessa reached up behind her
back to undo the clasp of her tight bra. The panties were off in
the same motion and Vanessa dropped them both into the bin. When
the APC's voice didn't immediately instruct her to move to the
frame she realized that she must have forgotten something. Just
in time she removed her watch, her rings and her earrings and
dropped them too into the bin.

"Vanessa Doral," said the voice, "Move forward to the punishment
frame. You have one minute to place your feet inside the yellow
circles and reach up to grasp a yellow handle with each hand."

Vanessa moved forward slowly, her left hand was covering her
pussy, the other her breasts. She could feel with her right hand
how hard her nipples had become. The fear of what was to come had
crinkled the pink areolas and their pencil eraser tips to hard
points.

There was no avoiding it now, she knew. As much trouble as she
was in, the best thing to do was to follow the instructions.

With a last wipe of the tears from her face, Vanessa stood with
her feet widespread on the yellow circles. She reached up with
her hands, stretching to do so and, closing her eyes, she let her
hands grasp the yellow handles.

In an instant, she was immobilized. The APC had been waiting for
the moment her wrists and ankles were in the right spot and it
wasted no time. In 0.41 seconds, the APC had moved loops down
from the top of the frame to circle her wrists and loops at the
end of arms that were attached to the frame up her legs to just
above her knees and additional loops on shorter arms up her feet
to the level of her ankles. With a sharp puff of air much like
the compressed air that was used in a car crash airbag, the loops
inflated, holding Vanessa with soft non-rub inner surfaces.

The frame was almost instantly in motion. The arms moved her feet
slightly further apart and the thigh loops pulled her knees open
a little wider. The padded arm at the bottom of her belly and
higher up at the small of her back rotated into place to hold her
helplessly. The frame itself started moving forward and then took
a sharp 90 degree right hand turn to move into the extras room.

Vanessa let out a little cry. She had never been inside the
extras room and she didn't know what would happen. The frame did
not stop however. To her surprise, it moved directly past the
extras room and into a room that was usually used only once a
punishment was complete.

Vanessa's frame turned again and she could see she was now facing
a number of camera lenses. The blue wall behind her was a simple
backdrop as a flash of a camera near her face took her picture.
The frame pulled back and a series of flashes let her know that
her entire bare naked front was being photographed. The frame
turned now and several flashes let her know that pictures were
being taken of her back and bare bottom.

The frame turned again and moved forward until she could see the
camera lenses up close. The cameras didn't have to move, she did
as the frame moved her close up to the lens for a portrait of her
face, then raised her up so that close up pictures could be taken
of each of her breasts, then both breasts together then it moved
slightly lower to place a lens close up to her young pubis.

Vanessa was a true blond and as is the case with many blonds, her
pubic hair was very sparse. It did little to cover her labia
majora and even her labia minora; the inner pussy lips; something
that had caused her no small amount of embarrassment over the
last couple of years. Now, she was having it photographed for who
knows who to see!

The frame moved again, pulling back and rotating backwards as it
did so. She could feel the frame folding, bending her knees up
and out and back towards the sides of her chest as it did so. A
moment later she was flat on her back looking at herself in
mirrors in the ceiling. She had quite a strong tan she realized.
The little bikini she had been wearing whenever she could had
left a very distinct demarcation between her brown belly and her
sharply white triangle of breasts and, lower down, her white
triangle at her pubis with the little puff of blond hair at the
middle. In this widely exaggerated spread out position, she was
completely spread open and exposed. No one had ever seen her like
this. The frame twisted until the cameras were looking right up
between her legs.

A couple of flashes made her blush a deep red. In this lab-frog
squatting/reclined position, both her anus and vagina were
completely visible. Even her inner pussy lips had naturally
parted to leave a view right up inside the pink and slightly wet
aperture of Vanessa's pussy. The frame moved closer and several
close ups were taken of the intimate area.

With the camera shoot over, Vanessa was soon back in the vertical
spread-eagled position as the frame started moving again. It
turned around and moved her back into the extras room with all of
its horrible instruments.

Vanessa could already feel her face blushing red from the last
few minutes. 'Who would see all those pictures?' she wondered
frantically.

The frame stopped in the middle of the room and slowly rotated in
360 degree turns.

On monitors on the walls, Vanessa could see the video of her as
robotic cameras followed her movement. She knew from experience
that the video from the extras area was often broadcast to the
external monitors if the punishment was a public one.

"Vanessa Doral," said the APC, "you will be held here for several
minutes to await other punishments being completed.

Vanessa had nothing to do but wait with her frame turning slowly
and her body on complete display.

About five minutes later, the APC was back on its schedule and
Vanessa could feel her frame move forward. It stopped in front of
a series of arms and once again she could feel it rotate
backwards and pull her knees up and wide apart leaving her pussy
and anus completely exposed.

An arm with a complex attachment on the front descended slowly to
her pussy. It covered it completely and suddenly Vanessa could
feel something moving around on her genitals. She couldn't figure
it out, the machine had a high-pitched whine like the tools a
dentist would use. It felt like the tugging of a brush when your
hair is stuck or something crawling around on her pussy. The
machine moved around and then moved lower until it had traveled
from her lower belly to the top of the small of her back. The
feeling only lasted a couple of minutes but when the device
lifted off her pussy, Vanessa gasped. She was completely bare!
Her pussy hair had been removed by the robotic device so
effective that it seemed as though it had never been there! It
was as though she was eight years old again. It was the most
humiliating thing that had ever happened to her.

The frame moved again, returned a softly crying Vanessa to a
vertical, spread eagled position. Two arms moved forward now. At
the end of each was a softly spinning spool with bristles. She
watched with fascinated horror as they came closer and closer to
her 32b breasts and the crinkled hard tips of her nipples.

Vanessa tried to shrink away from the arms but the frame was very
familiar with this reaction. The spread-opened position and the
padded bar at her back prevented Vanessa from moving more than an
inch in any direction and the APC was able to read her body
position so quickly from its many scanners that even if she could
have writhed a little, the robotic arms would compensate to place
their treatment to the precise millimeter where it was intended.

The rolling brushes touched first right at the bottom of
Vanessa's two breasts. She gasped. The brushes weren't so hard as
to be extremely painful but they were scraping her skin slightly
as they turned at a rather high speed. She gasped again as two
somewhat larger brushes touched her buttocks at the crease where
they met her thighs. The four brushes moved up simultaneously,
covering her entire breasts and her entire buttocks then moved
down again. When they first touched her nipples, Vanessa cried
out. The bristles moved right over the sensitive pink areolas and
the tight nipples making them, if possible, even more erect. For
five full minutes the brushes rotated over her sensitive flesh,
moving up and down until both her bottom and her breasts had
transformed from bright white untanned skin to bright pink
sensitive skin. The brushes hadn't been painful but what Vanessa
failed to appreciate was that the action had left the now very
pink skin super sensitive. The pi nk color was simply an
indication that blood had rushed to the area and was now feeding
her nerves over-oxygenated fuel.

The frame moved again, this time leaving her bent over facing the
ground and, once again pulling her knees up and apart and forward
to leave her bottom naturally parted and her pussy completely
spread open.

Additional long tubular brushes now worked down one side of her
buttocks, across her sensitive anus and up the other side to meet
the pink area already treated. A rapidly spinning bristle covered
tube moved down, along her recently denuded pussy, across her
labia majora and to the perineum where it met the brush working
on her groove. It took another couple of minutes until these
areas too were hypersensitized.

The arms stopped now and Vanessa was returned to a vertical
position but with her knees still up and wide apart, near the
side of her chest. This squatting position had her still feel
very vulnerable down below.

Another arm reached up from behind and below her to touch at the
very center of her raw pink anus.

"Oh no, please!" she gasped but the APC cared nothing for her
pleas. The arm had a plastic device at the end of it which oozed
shiny lubricant. The tip of the device was very small and
Vanessa's clenching sphincter was helpless to prevent its entry.
It widened slowly and the movement was continuous as it slowly
inserted itself a full 5 inches into the bowels of the now crying
fourteen year old. By the time the last inch was inserted, the
device was an inch across and kept Vanessa's anus fully
stretched.

Vanessa had heard of anal punishments of course, but there were
so many variations of what the APC could do, she had no idea what
was going to happen to her.

She felt a sensation deep inside her belly, somewhere behind her
belly button. It was warm, gooey and didn't seem to be stopping.
It took her a minute or two to realize that the device was
pumping something deep, deep into her body. A minute or two
later, the device stopped and retracted out of the young girl,
leaving her in the spread open position. Vanessa felt an urgent
need to go to the bathroom.

"Please," she pleaded. "Please, I need to go to the bathroom real
bad!"

"Vanessa Doral," said the APC, "you will evacuate your enema in
your current position."

Vanessa sobbed. She couldn't believe she was expected to perform
her most intimate act right here in front of the APC.

The APC was patient and knew almost to the second how long the
child would be able to hold on. With a cry, Vanessa could no
longer wait and the liquid deep in her bowels exploded out of her
to the waiting grill down below. Water jets quickly cleaned the
drain area of the floor below here and once she was done, a soft
water spray cleaned her off. Another touch at the center of her
anus let her know she was not done. The nozzle moved again, this
time much deeper into her body, stretching her anus to a full 1
and a half inches and again, Vanessa felt even more liquid being
pumped even deeper into her.

The nozzle pulled out and the APC waited patiently. It didn't
have to wait long. Broken now, Vanessa didn't even resist when
the urge came. With it's multi- method sensors, the APC analyzed
the consistency of the water streaming out of Vanessa's bottom
and determined that her colon had been thoroughly cleaned out.

As the last of the liquid poured from her, Vanessa was in tears.
She was alone in the room with the APC and its various devices
but she had never felt more exposed and more displayed than at
this moment. Even her most private body functions were no longer
in her control and the feeling of the liquid being injected deep
in her rectum had her feeling sensations deep up her belly.

The APC frame was in motion again and Vanessa soon found herself
rotated backwards with her face up towards the mirrors. Clearly
the APC wanted her to see what was coming next.

A new white metal arm was moving upwards slowly between Vanessa's
widespread thighs. It looked like an egg perched on the end of a
one inch wide and ten inch long cylinder. The egg moved closer
and closer until Vanessa could see it was quickly spinning
itself. Which hole was it going into? Vanessa wondered.

The egg was lowered until it was just above her virgin fourteen
year old pussy and came close enough that Vanessa's started to
whimper in fear. The APC however, had different plans. The egg
moved lower and lower until it was spinning a couple of
millimeters from her already sensitized raw pink anus. With a
firm thrust forward, the device made contact and thrust firmly
through the sphincter muscle, embedding itself to the widest
point in the egg in Vanessa's already weakened anus.

The teenage girl cried out in shock. The egg was still rotating
rapidly and Vanessa couldn't even describe the cascading
sensations from her stretched orifice. The egg was a brilliant
piece of engineering. It felt absolutely smooth and the shock of
entry had children penitents focus only on that but the rapidly
spinning device was not completely smooth and every second it was
in contact with the delicate flesh, it was making it more
irritated. The egg paused its forward motion, spinning with its
widest circumference stretching the very entrance to the anus
before it moved deeper. The egg had a ten inch arm allowing it a
total of almost thirteen inches of total penetration but it
needed only eight inches to reach as far as it needed to in the
young girls rectal canal.

With each spin slightly irritating the inner membranes, the egg
now began its second function, releasing a thin film of ointment
over those newly sensitized membranes as it slowly retreated
until Vanessa's rectum and anus were fully covered in the
ointment.

Vanessa was so relieved to have the egg out of her body the
sensation of the heating ointment was hard to notice. Before she
could really assess the full range of the egg's effects, another
arm was making its way towards her anus. This time, the device
was a little larger but much shorter. A rectal plug with a wide
center piece and a thick neck held the anus widely stretched and
thoroughly blocked any accidental release by Vanessa's bottom.

With the plug now firmly in place, Vanessa was finally rotated to
the vertical 'traveling' position with her arms and legs
outstretched. The end of the rectal plug was still with her and
the arm holding it was now attached to the moving frame. The plug
would serve to keep her lower body even more still as her
punishment continued.

The frame had turned now and returned a crying Vanessa back to
the initial room where she had first removed her clothes. The
plug felt so strange in her, spreading her bottom hole wide open.
There was something else too. It was as though there was still
something moving deep in her bum. What was that? The frame paused
a moment as though waiting for something.

Vanessa barely noticed that the frame had stopped. The sensations
deep in her rectum were now making her try to squirm. She pulled
at her wrists. She had to reach down to her bottom right now! The
heat being built up in her body was cumulative and only a few
seconds later, her crying changed pitch to a desperate wail.

"Owwww! Please, take it out!" she cried desperately.

Every moment of squirming, just served to twist her further on
the rectal plug held deep in her body and the ointment rubbing
against the plug delivered even more irritation.

The APC had no intentions of removing anything just yet of
course. It still had her main punishment to perform and it paid
no attention to the pleading of children. The doors in front of
Vanessa swung open and the sobbing, wailing teenaged girl now
found herself pulled on the frame naked and spread open for her
friends, classmates, neighbors and relatives to see. A loud
cheering applause broke out from the crowd. They had been waiting
for her to emerge. Vanessa had been trying not to think about it,
but she knew in an instant that everyone in this audience had
been able to follow her extras punishment on the large video
monitors throughout the APC.

Vanessa's frame rotated slowly as she was moved all by herself in
a grand parade around the public APC area. There seemed to be
hundreds of people there, all clearly able to see her naked,
just-shaved body with a thick plug holding her anus wide open.

Vanessa's tears were non-stop so it was hard to focus on
individual faces but the overall effect of being so exposed was
devastating. She would not feel fully clothed for months from
this moment and reminders of this precise feeling would remain
with her all of her life.

As Vanessa started to soak in the scene around her, she could
already see there were six frames in place, turning in place.
Each frame held one of her friends, now completely naked and
obviously freshly punished. Her four girlfriends had beet red
bottoms with angry red marks up the inside of each thigh. As
Carole, the friend closest to her was turned around, she could
see even Carole's freshly shaved pussy had been punished. It too
was dark red and Carole had tears streaming down her face.

Vanessa's frame moved further and she could now see that her
friend Joe, who had taught her how to download music was also
completely naked and completely shaved. Not only were his
buttocks and inner thighs punished but something had been done
also to his penis. Vanessa struggled to focus as she saw his
penis for the first time. She gasped. It was much thicker than
she had imagined and it was at the moment both dark red from some
kind of whipping or spanking and it was fully erect.

Vanessa's frame now moved to the forward central area where she
could see she was surrounded by throngs of people eager for a
close up view. Her frame made a final 360 degree turn, letting
her see that her mother and her aunt were front stage, getting a
bird's eye view. To her horror, her new friend Randy was there
too, his eyes were wide, looking Vanessa up and down in a view he
had imagined only in his darkest fantasies.

The frame came to halt with a final clunk and Vanessa felt
herself being bent over. Her feet were pulled a little wider
apart, head lowered and her bottom stretched hard and pushed up
until it was at the perfect height. Even the plug in her bottom
tilted slightly to angle her bottom perfectly for the punishment
she was about to receive.

There was a pregnant pause and the room quieted down until
Vanessa's soft sobbing could be heard by everyone.

As she waited, crying at the burning sensations and the deeply
humiliating experience, two arms were rising slowly on either
side of her bright pink buttocks rubbed to sensitivity by the
brushes in the extras room. At the end of each was a thick supple
leather strap. The black leather of each of the straps was
polished smooth by the application across many young buttocks
such as Vanessa's. With a flash, first one, then the second arm
twisted, moving their straps in a wicked flash. The first strap
arrived with a deafening crack on her left buttock and before
Vanessa could react, the second had landed on her right. The
straps pulled back leaving bright red squares. Vanessa was
gasping in air for a shrieking cry which exploded out of her as
the straps descended again.

Over and over, they fell, moving in one inch increments until
both buttocks were swollen red and Vanessa was out of breath from
crying so hard.

It had been almost ten full minutes of strapping before they
paused.

The frame rotated Vanessa slowly in a circle, letting everyone
see the devastating effects of the strapping. After a full turn,
she was slowly raised to a standing position, spread-eagled once
again. The frame continued to arch backwards until she was spread
and bowed slightly back with her chest and pubis thrust forward
by the bar at the small of her back and even the plug in her
bottom, pushing her pelvis forward.

Three new arms raised now, each with a thinner flexible leather
strap attached. There were arms on either side that Vanessa
looked at with horror. The third though was terrifying. It was
situated between her legs.

The straps all moved simultaneously. The top straps each caught a
tight breast right across the nipple, the lower one straight up
the middle of her pussy, running right up between her puffy labia
and striking just above her spread open clitoris. Vanessa
shrieked anew with the burning sensations of the straps hitting
her most sensitive spots. The straps were in continuous motion,
sometimes striking altogether, some times individually. The
front-strapping went on for almost ten minutes until her pussy,
and all of her breasts had turned from just-rubbed pink to angry
red. Her nipples were dark red and even her clitoris had been
struck several times, eliciting a sharp scream each time the
leather tip caught her there. The punishment had caused the
blood-engorged nub of nerves to erect fully, pushing out of its
protective hood and making itself even more susceptible to
punishment.

The punishment had been extensive and painful but the APC had
another thorough dose of humiliation to deliver.

As soon as the front strapping was over, Vanessa was turned a
couple of times still spread wide so everyone could see the
effects. It took a few minutes until Vanessa could think
coherently again. The pain in her breasts, her pussy and her
bottom throbbed. As the sharp pain lessened somewhat, the
sensation of the thick plug in her bottom and the heating
ointment deep in her rectum made itself known again and Vanessa
cried continuously as she was turned in circles for people to
see.

The APC waited until it knew it could get Vanessa's full
attention again. This time the frame rotated forward and pulled
Vanessa's knees and thighs wide apart again until her knees were
almost beside her breasts. Facing completely downwards, this left
anyone behind her with a complete spread-open view of her
plug-filled anus and her widespread pussy lips.

Vanessa could feel the plug in her bottom finally moving. It
pulled out of her bottom and descended into the floor as another
arm came up beneath her. Vanessa gasped as she saw it. The arm's
tip was a multi-bump plug of white plastic. Each bump was a
different size. The first was only a half-inch across and the
largest almost two inches. The last two bumps of the six on this
device were about one inch across..

The plug moved up to take the place of the plug that had just
left her. Vanessa's bottom was much too tired to resist the first
two bumps that pushed into her. The next two however were harder
and she gasped as the widest part of each one was inserted. She
barely heard the clapping of the crowd as each bump was pulled
into deep into her rectum by her stressed sphincter muscle. With
four bumps in her body, Vanessa was rotated to a vertical
position with her knees still spread wide beside her. No part of
her tbody was hidden to the crowd now.

Another arm pulled up to Vanessa's widespread pussy. She was
still crying freely from the punishment she'd received so far
when she felt the device at her pussy touch her erect and sore
clitoris. The device was delicate and designed in such a way that
everyone could see the tiny arms pull her clitoris fully from its
hood before touching it was a vibrating rubber finger.

Vanessa gasped in shock at the sensation. She lurched as the APC
touched her hyper-sensitive clitoris and as it did so, the plug
in her bottom moved too, pushing the fifth and then sixth plug
into her helpless bottom.

The plug continued to move, now pulling itself out slowly until
the last two bumps were outside her once again. Reversing
direction again, and the bumps were once again moving into her.

It didn't' take long.

With the immense amount of stimulation the young girl had already
received, the vibrating finger on her clitoris and the bumps
slowly moving in and out of her anus brought Vanessa to the very
edge of her first public orgasm. The APC knew the exact moment.

Just as the first throes of the orgasm struck, the plug in her
bottom shifted again. With a large squeeze, Vanessa felt her
rectum filling with more of the heating, irritating lotion. The
plug thrust a little deeper into her and the last ball, up until
now quite manageably small suddenly inflated in size deep in her
bottom seating itself deep in her. The vibrating pad on her
pulled back for a moment and the tiny arms on three sides of her
clit pushed the hood back even further. A large dollop of the
ointment squirted onto the reddened button before the pad
returned vibrating hard to bring Vanessa to a panting orgasm in
front of everyone she knew. It was without doubt the most
embarrassing moment of her life.

The end of her punishment was not far off now. Hanging limply
from the frame, exhausted she was turned for people to see before
being brought back for more pictures in her now punished state;
the 'after' pictures that would become both part of her permanent
record and an album that her mother would start for her at home.

The plug was also left deep in her as she left in the thin
punishment gown as her only garment. Her mother would deflate it
in the morning.

The next day, it was a deeply changed girl who got up from bed.
Before she even had breakfast, she had to ask politely for her
mother to remove the plug and promised to be more obedient and a
better person. She could prove how obedient she was on Saturday,
her mother said when she'd be back at the APC for the first of
two reminder strappings. 
