Author: mypenname3000
Title: The World's First Futa  Futa's Naughty Hitchhiking 01: Futa's First Innocent Delight
Summary: While hitchiking, Becky, the world's first futa, discvoers virgin delight amid a Christian family.
Keywords: HF HFF 1st oral voy exhib wife cheat cuck breed creampie

Copyright 2018

April 17th, 2047

My futa-cock erupted.

My girl-jizz fired into Adelia's hungry mouth. My hand dug into her black hair, mussing her perfectly coiffed do as she swallowed my spunk. Every blast sent jolts of rapture zapping into my mind while winds of ecstasy howled out of my pussy. Her fingers plunged into my convulsing cunt, teasing me as my pleasure surged through me.

BECKY! cheered the studio audience. BECKY!

We love you, Becky! another woman screamed.

Let me drink your cum!

Breed me!

No, no, breed me!

Go, Mom! cried out one of my many, many futa-daughters.

Oh, god, I groaned, my head lolling back on the interview couch on the sound stage of Adelia's talk show. It was streamed out on the internet on one of the biggest content networks. My feet drummed on the floor, my breasts heaved beneath my blouse. Yes!

Thirty seconds, the male producer called, standing by one of the three cameras filming us.

Uh-huh, I whimpered. We were on a commercial break. I think the fifth since I started talking about my life, the world looking back on the last thirty years since I became the first futa.

My dick spurted a final time into Adelia's mouth. The biracial woman purred in delight as she popped her lips off my dick. Her tongue fluttered out, gathering some of the spunk leaking out of the corners of her lips. 

Mmm, yum, she groaned.

You missed some, I purred, my body buzzing on euphoria. 

The studio audience let out loud oooooooohhhhhhssssss as I kissed Adelia, my tongue flicking out to gather my salty jizz. I savored the taste of my own girl-spunk. I whimpered as she pulled her fingers out of my pussy and brought them up to our lips. 

My sweet musk coated her digits, seasoning our kiss with something delicious.

And we're live in five, the producer said, four.

We broke the kiss.

Three.

I shoved my skirt down over my softening futa-dick, thrusting from the folds of my pussy where my clit used to be. I shivered as the cloth rasped about the sensitive tip. I shifted, crossing my legs as the producer mouthed, One.

The camera's red lights came on.

I put on a smile, feeling the world, and my wife standing just off-stage, watching me.

We're back with President Becky Woodward, Adelia said, her voice smooth. You couldn't tell at all that she had just been sucking my dick. She's joined us to take a retrospective look back on her life on her forty-eighty birthday.

Glad to be here, I said, my legs crossed, my body almost floating off the couch from my orgasmic high. It's always such a pleasure. I always feel so welcomed here.

 A laugh rippled through the studio audience while Adelia licked her lips. Mmm, I wonder why that is, she said with a mysterious tone. Now, before our break, we had covered your college career, and you were going to regale us with some of your adventures during your hobo phase.

Hobo... I giggled. Well, I didn't have stick over my shoulder with the handkerchief bundle tied to it, but... Yeah, I spent a while hitchhiking. I graduated from the University of Washington in early June of 2021 and headed south down Old Highway 99, the scenic route to California. I wasn't in a hurry, just bumbling along.

Breeding women? Adelia arched an eyebrow.

Oh, yes, I left a string of happy, pregnant women in my wake, I said. Eventually, I reached San Diego and struck out east, crossing Arizona and New Mexico. I was in Western Texas on Highway 84 when I met Jackson Pelley.

I could still remember the heat of the day, the dust in the air. I closed my eyes and drifted back to that day. 

He was kind enough to offer me a ride.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

July 23rd, 2021

I broiled in the Texan sun. It was afternoon and I was regretting not staying with that trio of girls I met at the Best Western. I left all three of them with buns in the ovens and each eager to try out for Ms. Bred 2022. Thinking I'd find a ride, soon, I headed southeast from the motel down the highway in my jean skirt and cowboy boots, my t-shirt tied just below my round tits, leaving my tanned stomach exposed. I had my Stetson hat perched on my head.

I was adapting to Texas.

But as the day wore on, I hardly saw a car, and none of them pulled over to give me a ride. If it wasn't for the oppressive heat and the fact I was quickly running out of bottle water, I wouldn't have been worried. After walking every day for over a month, I was in the best shape of my life. Not even as a cheerleader were my legs so toned, my body so slender.

Come on, I muttered as I heard the approach of the vehicle. I turned around, my thumb stuck out as I walked backwards down the gravel shoulder. On either side of me were sere fields of golden grass dotted with lethargic cattle. Please, stop.

The road was straight, the land flat. I could see the car coming for miles, sun reflecting off the glass. It felt like an eternity for it to reach me. An eternity broiling in the sun. Sweat soaked my shirt, molding to my round breasts. More trickles ran down my spine and poured off my forehead. 

A faded-blue, beat-up truck pulled up. One of those big Ford ones that in the city I'd say the guy was overcompensating but out here... This truck looked like it worked every day since the driver bought it. Jubilation surged through me as it slowed.

I didn't even care that it had a big sticker on the passenger door that read, Ask me about my Lord and Savior nor the bible verses plastered on the bumper. Right now, I could listen to all manner of lectures about my soul if it meant getting in an air conditioned cab.

The pickup truck stopped. The passenger window rolled down. An older man with wings of gray streaking through his short hair peered at me. He had a ruddy face, tanned to leather by working in the sun. He wore a plaid shirt, the sleeves rolled up to his shoulders, his arms hairy and tan. He peered at me past a bold nose.

Need a ride, little lady? he asked in that polite, Texas droll.

Hell yeah, I said.

He grinned. Then get your keister on in.

I wrenched open the door and hauled in, dropping my denim backpack on my feet as I settled into the seat. I slammed the door closed and groaned as the arctic air blasting out of the vents spilled across my tits and bare stomach.

You're a lifesaver, I groaned, leaning forward to savor the cool air.

Naw, just bein' a good Christian, he said and pulled back into the highway. He drove relaxed, one hand on the steering wheel. Names Jackson. Jackson Pelley.

Becky Woodward.

He gave me a smile. Please to meet ya, Becky. Ya bound for anywhere in particular?

Just drifting, I said and leaned back against the seat. The sweat was starting to dry on my face, making me feel in desperate need of a shower.

Right, right, he nodded his head. Aimless, huh? Haven't felt the Lord touch your heart and guide ya where you need to be?

Not yet, I said.

Unless... wonderin' down the highway's just where ya need to be.

I gave him a look. I don't mean to be rude, but I am not in the mood for a sermon. I mean, if it's the price for the ride, okay, but...

Fair 'nough, he said. Then his phone beeped. I hadn't noticed it in a holder suction-cupped to the dashboard. It was a fairly new smartphone. He reached out, fiddling with the screen, checking something on it. When I first started walking, I thought of country people as simple. But it turned out they were as plugged into smart phones and apps and stuff as much as people in Seattle. 

I'm headin' home myself, he said. Should be gettin' there 'round supper time. I'm sure my daughter and the missus'll have whipped somethin' up.

Oh, you're married? I asked, perking up. A tingle ran through my futa-cock. I'd gone most of the day without any pussy.

To my Deb, he said. Mighty fine lass. His smile grew. Courted her in school and married her as soon as we graduated. We was the same age as our adopted daughter, Scarlett.

Pretty name, I said. So she's... eighteen? Scarlett?

Nodded his head. Blossomed into a right pretty flower.

That's wonderful, I said, my hips squirming.

We had to adopt on account of my wife's problems, he continued. Poor thang. Would ya believe she got the uterine cancer at fourteen?

Oh, wow, I said.

But she pulled through and emerged stronger for it, thank the Lord.

I nodded my head. Yeah.

But it meant no kids. But we were lucky. We adopted Scarlett when she was a little babe, and raised her as our own. He gave me a look. Deb may not be her biological mother, but no women ain't ever loved a girl more.

Mmm, I said, shifting my thighs, trying to hide my growing erection swelling the boy short style panties I wore beneath my jean skirt. Just lovely.

Well, since you're just driftin', I feel obliged to ask you to supper.

That sounds perfect, I said. A mother and her adopted daughter? I knew I would have fun tonight.

His phone beeped again. He swiped the screen on, driving with one eye on the road. It was straight and we were the only vehicle, so I didn't comment about how unsafe this was. A map appeared on his screen, almost like Google Maps but...

I frowned. It was a tracker. There were little notes on it. And my picture in a little circle by one of them. There was a text bubble sticking out. My brow furrowed as I read, Becky spotted at Muleshoe Best Western, confirmed by 3 girls.

I blinked. What the fuck?

A look of guilt flashed across his face. Well... You see...

Are you... tracking me? I demanded. I grabbed his phone off the holder and stared at it. Is this an app that... Holy shit, it is tracking me.

It collates reports 'bout your movements, he said. Like I said, maybe God has a plan for ya being on this highway. For us meetin'.

Because you used an app to learn I was heading east out of Muleshoe, Texas and heading down Highway 84? I demanded, giving him a hard look.

God works in mysterious ways, he said, something almost feverish entering his eyes. Like with ya, Becky.

Me? I squirmed.

Yes, ya. You're a miracle. Somethang new. It's so clear. The way you're spreadin' life. God has changed us. I don't know why, but you're His agent, Becky.

I gaped at him.

Life is so precious, and it gets spent so cheaply. But then you come along, and you're creatin' so much of It. It ain't natural the way every woman you lie with conceives a child. What other reason can there be than God's blessin' quickenin' their wombs with your seed, creatin' a new generations of daughters to spread across the world.

You're the new Eve, Becky. The new Adam, too. You're combined. It's wondrous.

I didn't know what to say. He spoke with such fervent heat. Such conviction.

That's why I sought ya out. Me and the missus both agree. We need ya to share that miracle with our daughter.

My brow furrowed. Wait, what?

We want you to bless our daughter's womb with your divine seed, he said. No man's ever lain with her. She's pure. She's ready to be a vessel for your holy essence. She's waitin' for you, our Scarlett. She's eager for it.

A wave of heat washed through me. My futa-dick reached its full mass. I never enjoyed a proper virgin. So many girls had sex in high school these days, and since I never touched a girl who wasn't eighteen, I never had that sublime joy. But... this Scarlett... This man's daughter was waiting to be bred. Waiting for my futa-seed.

My dick was so hard.

I'll do it, I moaned. I'll... I'll give her my miraculous seed. I'll breed her.

Amen, breathed Jackson. Amen!

An eagerness gripped me to get to his house. My futa-dick bulged my jean skirt. I didn't bother hiding it from him. He knew what I was. He knew what I would do. He was so eager for it. I squeezed my dick, my lusts brimming through me. My pussy soaked my panties. A virgin and her adopted mother. 

It was a shame I wouldn't breed Deb, but I knew I would enjoy her anyways.

The rest of the trip was a blur of anticipation. I couldn't wait to get there. He texted his wife, letting them know we were on the way. My excitement mounted when he pulled off the highway down a long, gravel road. In the distance, a white farmhouse rested on a little knoll with a huge oak tree beside it. 

Figures appeared on the porch.

I licked my lips, staring ahead at the Pelley woman. Mother and her adopted daughter both in conservative dresses, the mother's dark maroon, the daughter's light blue with yellow flowers. The mother was a tall woman, her dark-brown hair spilling about a mature but beautiful face, her figure willowy beneath her skirt. I could see the swell of her large breasts as Jackson pulled his truck up before the house. My hands ached to touch them.

And then I gazed at the daughter and groaned.

She stood with such blushing innocence on her face. Her brown hair was gathered in a braid that hung off her left shoulder and spilled down to her modest bosom. She was lithe and slender, looking so sweet and delicious.

It's really her? Deb asked as I opened the door and climbed out.

Yes, it is, Jackson said, approaching his wife and embracing her. She's gonna give our daughter a miracle.

Yes, I am, I purred, staring at the virgin girl.

Her dark eyes widened. A shiver raced through her. Then she let out a squeak and darted inside, the screen door banging shut behind her. I shivered, my futa-dick throbbing beneath my tight skirt. I wiggled my hips, resisting the urge to grope myself.

She's a shy one, Deb said, her cheeks already blossoming with red spots. Her eyes flicked down to my bulging skirt. Oh, my, it's just like they say about you.

Just like it, I said. As you can see, I'm so eager to breed your daughter.

The wife just whimpered.

Her husband nudged her. Deb, why don't ya show Becky to the guest room. I imagine she'd like to freshen up before...

I'd kill for a shower. I want to be smelling sweet for your daughter, I said, still bemused that these clearly fundamental Christians didn't have a problem with this at all. Wasn't this close to homosexuality for them? And what about no premarital sex?

Right, right, Deb said. She broke away from her husband. This way, Becky, honey.
She took my arm. I smelled a flowery scent, not a perfume but more like potpourri, rising about her. It was pleasant. She led me into the farmhouse. The hardwood floors were polished and gleaming, but looked old, faded. The house must be a hundred years or more old. It creaked as we headed up the stairs.

She trembled beside me but... I didn't feel that uncontrollable lust pouring off of her. If she truly didn't have a womb... if she couldn't ovulate... Maybe she wouldn't go into heat. And yet... I felt her trembling. She kept glancing at me, licking her lips. Her large breasts rose and fell.

I gave her a smile. Your daughter must be so eager for this.

I've heard that... girls are possessed by the Holy Spirit and driven to lie with you. That they need to experience your divine gift. Her words carried a hit of fervent fire, like her husband. Her arm tightened in mind. I imagine she was overwhelmed by it.

It'll be best if she... enjoys me as soon as possible, I said, my futa-dick throbbing. She might be masturbating right now, so overwhelmed with... the Spirit for me.

The motherly woman's cheeks blushed darker. She nodded her head. I can... believe that. I'll have her waitin' in your room once you're down showering.

I gave her a smile. It would probably be best if you were there. To watch over her. It's her first time. She might be scared, too.

Deb gave me a sharp look. I... I... No, no, this is a private thing.

It's really not, I told her. If you were there, helping her, relaxing her, well, it'll be such a... a holy time for her.

Holy, the woman choked. She licked her lips again as we walked down the second floor hallway. Yes, yes. She stopped at an open door, a small room inside, the walls covered in wallpaper adorned with dusty-pink roses. A bed with a mauve comforter lay beside an old, battered nightstand. This is you. Bathroom's that door there at the end. We'll... We'll be ready for you.

My pussy clenched. My dick throbbed. I gave her a quick kiss on the lips, bringing a gasp from her, then I broke away and sauntered down the hallway, my cowboy boots thudding away. I felt her eyes on me as I vanished into the bathroom.

I set the world's speed record for showering.

I tore my clothes off, hopped in beneath the spray, and scrubbed myself with the bar of soap, my blonde hair getting soaked in the process. I didn't care how mused it got. Not when I had a mother and her virgin, adopted daughter to enjoy. My dick thrust so hard before me, begging to be touched. It bounced and swayed beneath the falling water as I scrubbed my body clean of sweat.

When I hopped out, I felt reborn. Rejuvenated. The exhaustion of a day spent in the Texas heat melted away and washed down the drain. I was ready to breed the eighteen-year-old virgin and put a miracle baby in her belly.

And why not a miracle? No one could explain how my futa-cock worked. Pheromones seemed to trigger some sort of hormonal process in women that caused rapid ovulation. I fired so much sperm when I ejaculated that I could breed a dozen wombs with a single cum. Nor could the doctors explain why I grew a dick.

They called me a genetic abnormality. And one that, too my knowledge, was passed on to the thousands of daughters I had. Nearly four years of breeding three or more women a day added up fast.

I didn't bother putting on clothes. I emerged from the shower naked. Jackson stood at the end of the hallway. The Texan rancher gaped at the sight of my wet, naked body, my breasts jiggling as I walked, my futa-cock thrusting out of my blonde bush. My huge girl-dick swayed before me as I rolled my hips.

I'm going to breed your daughter, I told him. Don't be surprised if your wife starts moaning, either. Things are going to get... sinful in there.

He swallowed, nodded then adjusted his own bulge. It wasn't nearly as impressive as mine. Whatever pheromones I produced made men so docile and uncaring that I was cuckolding them and breeding their women.

Sometimes, it made them eager for it like my friend, Chris. He loved watching me fuck his fiancee, Tiffany.

Jackson, I said, giving him a nod, so eager to enjoy his wife and daughter. 

He turned and marched down the stairs.

Smiling, I sauntered to the guest bedroom. The door was closed. My girl-dick pulsed with the beat of my heart as I stopped before it. I took a moment, savoring the anticipation. Juices trickled down my thighs, making me tremble. I loved that feeling.

I seized the doorknob, twisted, and thrust through the open door in the small bedroom. Scarlett gasped, sitting up on the bed. She was wearing a nightgown, thin, white cloth that went all the way down to her ankles and only had a little round cleavage, covering most of her body. Her nipples pressed hard against the cloth. She sat up, her feet pulling back as she bent her legs.

Her eyes stared at my naked body. Her tongue flicked across her lips as she drank in my body. Her cheeks blossomed crimson as her eyes traveled down my body, past my round breasts. Then she found my girl-dick. Her body froze. Her eyes widened. She shuddered and let out a little, whimpering moan.

Oh, my word, gasped her mother standing in the corner of the room. The older woman clapped her hands over her mouth. You're... you're...

A futa, I said, grabbing my girl-dick as I advanced on the bed, my girl-dick bobbing before me. Scarlett's eyes followed the progress as I reached the bed. And I am so hard to breed your daughter.

Yes, you are, Deb said, her voice so strained.

Mom, whimpered Scarlett. She's... she's... Big!

I know, Deb said. But don't worry, honey. Ya can take her. So many women have. She'll give you her miracle child. Ya'll be fulfillin' the Lord's plan for the world.

Yes, you will, I told the girl as I crawled onto the bed. My hand landed on her knee.

She let out a little whimper.

Just relax, I told her, grabbing the skirt of her nightgown. I drew it up her legs, exposing more and more of her shapely calves. I'm going to love you. I'm going to show you just how wonderful this is. 

You're going to quiver and writhe and experience such bliss. I smiled, drawing her nightgown's skirt past her knees. Your body will melt.

Melt? she gasped.

I winked at her as I pressed the skirt down her thighs, exposing her silky, bare flesh. Now let's get this nightgown off so I can love you. I'm going to savor every bit of you. Okay?

She nodded her head, her cheeks still blushing. Her innocence made my futa-cock throb so hard. Her panties came into sight, these plain, white delights that were somehow more exciting than anything racy or sensual. Their virginal quality made it so exciting. These panties weren't worn to be seen. She didn't choose something sexy to excite me. She never intended anyone to witness them.

And yet I was, and that made them... arousing.

She lifted her rump to let me draw her nightgown past her waist. I exposed her pale stomach and leaned forward. As I kissed up her body, she shuddered. Her stomach tensed for a moment, her silky skin so warm. I smooched higher and higher, chasing the nightgown. I reached her ribs then...

I exposed her small breasts.

I let out a moan of delight at the sight of her small breasts. They were pink and hard. I nuzzled the bottom swell of her tit. My mouth climbed. She let out a whimper. I reached her nipple. My tongue swept out around her small areola. She let out a gasp at the contact. Then I engulfed her nub and sucked so hard.

Oh... Oh, my, the virgin gasped, squirming. She stared down at me, her brown eyes wide. That's... that's...

I could feel her adopted mother watching me from behind as I loved this nipple. I sucked so hard on it, my hands pressing up the nightgown. She lifted her arms as I sucked on her nub. It passed her head. She finished taking it off as my hands cupped her breasts. I squeezed and kneaded her little handfuls, my futa-dick throbbing as I sucked and nibbled and loved her nub.

Her sweet moans were so exciting. My sucks and smacking lips echoed through the room, merging with her gasps. I popped off her right nipple and engulfed the other. I sucked on it hard, making her back arch. 

I pressed her down onto the bed as I loved her nipple, staring up at her. She trembled, her face squirming. Her arms were stiff at her side. I popped my mouth off her nub, staring at her, my blonde hair falling past my face to caress her nipples.

It's okay, I told her, kneading her firm titties. Just relax.

I... I'm trying... It's just... She swallowed. You're just so... so beautiful and.. .and... I'm... Y'know... Down there...

I smiled. Then I glanced at her mother. Deb watched, her cheeks as red as her daughter. It was so naughty to see that motherly face looking so flustered. She had her hands rubbing before her, her body trembling in her conservative dress.

Why don't you come help me relax her, I told Deb, holding out my hand to her. Let's make sure she's not tense. I'm huge. I don't want to hurt her when I take her virginity. I'm sure you remember your first time.

Deb swallowed. Well...

I beckoned my fingers to her. Help me relax her. We're going to make your daughter feel good so she won't have any pain.

You mean... The woman licked her lips. You want me to... to touch her. It's a sin.

Why? I arched an eyebrow. Because you're a woman.

She nodded her head.

I'm a woman, I said. Yes, I have a dick, but... I have a pussy, too. And breasts. I squeezed her daughter's tits with my left hand, my right still beckoning. If it's okay for me, why not you?

I... I'm her mother. I raised her from a baby. She took a step towards me.

But aren't I holy? I asked. Didn't the Lord send me here. How can anything we do in here be a sin? I mean, does the bible say a mother can't lie with her daughter.

Not... specifically, she said, taking another step. It only mentions fathers and... daughters. Mothers and... sons.

Right, right, I said as took another step. She was almost to me. So this isn't wrong, right?

Well...

Mom? Scarlett asked, her voice tight.

The older woman took that last step. My hand seized hers. I pulled her towards her adopted daughter. She groaned as I dragged her down onto the bed. Her dark-brown hair spilled about her red face as she settled down beside her daughter. She licked her lips as I pulled her down lower and lower.

Help her relax, I said. Let's play with her nipples.

I shouldn't, the woman whispered as I guided her closer and closer to her daughter's right nipple. It's... It's...

Mother engulfed her daughter's nipple. She sucked. Scarlett moaned. Her eyes were so wide. She shuddered and wiggled her hips. I smiled at the taboo sight. Deb closed her eyes as she loved her daughter's nub. Her cheeks hollowed as she sucked over and over. 

Mmm, that's it, I purred and attacked her dress.

As mother sucked on her daughter's nipple, my hands went to work. I unbuttoned her dress as she made her daughter gasp and whimper. The sweet sounds only made my pussy wetter and my dick ached and throbbed. 

I exposed the mother's breasts clad in a beige bra. Her large tits swayed as I drew them down. She didn't fight me, lost to sucking on her daughter's nub. After I pulled her dress's sleeves off her arms, her hands grasped her daughter's breasts. She squeezed and kneaded them, making the virgin moan and gasp.

Mom, the girl whimpered as her adopted mother loved her. Oh, Mom, that's... that's... making me so... so...

Wet? I asked, pulling her mother's dress off her hips, exposing a pair of beige, boring panties. But like her daughter's, it was exciting seeing this married woman's underwear. She swore to be faithful to her husband and... 

I was about to enjoy Deb.

Dress off, I attacked her panties. The married woman moaned about her daughter's nipple. She whimpered as my mouth kissed at her tailbone. I followed her panties down, kissing into her butt-crack. I tasted her skin as I went lower and lower, that flowery scent filling my nose mixed with the sour musk of her asshole and the spicy aroma of her hot cunt.

She gasped as I kissed her asshole. I flicked my tongue around her sphincter as I drew her panties down her thighs. She wiggled her hips as I kissed lower, into her taint. Her dark-brown bush tickled my lips.

And then I was nuzzling at her married cunt.

Oh, oh, Becky, the wife moaned. That's... that's... what are ya doin'?

Loving your pussy, I moaned and took a hot swipe through her pussy, gathering the spicy juices spilling out of her. I felt her hot labia, loving the feel of her petals on my tongue. I licked again, making her gasp. My hands yanked her panties off her feet as my tongue probed into her depths.

I shuddered and fluttered my tongue through her depths. I stirred through her, making her wiggle and groan. Her daughter moaned. I heard the wet sucking as she worshiped her daughter's nipple, reveling in her taboo pleasure. Her juices flowed as her excitement grew faster and faster.

I squeezed her plump rump, fucking my tongue as deep as I could into her snatch. Her juices dribbled down my thighs. She was so wet. I knew she never got this wet for her husband. She would remember tonight for the rest of her life.

But we had her daughter to attend to, as well. I had a wicked idea.

I pulled away from her pussy and moved up the bed. She kept sucking hard, her mouth sealed over her daughter's areola. I unhooked her bra, drawing it off her shoulders. Her large tits dangled, her dark-red nipples thrusting hard from her wide areolas.

Mmm, I purred, grabbing her dark hair and tugging her from her daughter's nipple. I pushed apart her daughter's thighs, staring at her white panties. We need to attend to her down here. We need to get her wet.

By... by... Deb's eyes flicked up to me. 

Yep, I told her as I hooked her daughter's panties and tugged them down, exposing a soft-brown bush dripping with virginal passion. We have to feast on her.

Scarlett gasped as I hauled her panties off her legs fast and hard. I tossed her panties to the side as her scent filled the room. I licked my lips. That delicious scent filled my nose. It made me tremble. My heart beat so fast in my chest as I tossed her panties away and pushed open her thighs. Her mother turned, staring down at her daughter's furred muff.

Let's love her, I moaned, staring at Deb. Let's make her feel good. Like I did for your pussy.

Together, we lowered our faces to her daughter's snatch. Her dark-brown hair drifted across her daughter's stomach while my blonde locks brushed Scarlett's pale thighs. I smelled the virgin's tart musk. It was such a delight.

I nuzzled into Scarlett's pussy while her mother kissed at her pubic mound, rubbing her mouth into her daughter's bush. I shuddered, my tongue fluttering out, gathering the virgin's tart passion, caressing her pussy lips, making her shudder and gasp and...

I brushed her hymen.

I groaned, my tongue probing against her maidenhead. My body shivered. She had a cherry. I could feel it. My dick would pop it. I groaned, fluttering my tongue against it. I gathered her tart juices while her mother kissed closer and closer to the top of her daughter's slit.

I pulled my mouth away, letting Deb nuzzled into her adopted daughter's cunt. The mother, her eyes squeezed shut, flicked her tongue out. She dragged it down her daughter's slit. I shuddered at the forbidden sight of her feasting on that naughty sight.

That's it, I purred to Deb. Mmm, yes, just devour her.

It was so exciting witnessing this woman surrender to her passions. She licked and lapped at her adopted daughter, feasting with long strokes, making her virgin daughter gasp and shudder. I trembled, moving around her, my dick so hard.

My hands grabbed her rear. I guided her, moving her to the side until she was straddling her daughter's face. Deb was lost to her lust now. It was so hot to witness this Christian woman, consumed with lesbian delights, making her daughter gasp and moan.

Scarlett stared at her mother's dark bush right before her face. She licked her lips as she squirmed. I smiled at her. What are you waiting for? I purred, my dick so hard. Eating your mother's pussy will help you relax. Get you ready for this.

I shook my big dick at her. She shuddered, her face scrunching. It... it does feel... nice. She's makin' my...

Pussy?

Yes, yes, she's makin' my pussy feel so good and... She buried her face into her mother's dark bush, licking with such fervor.

It was so delicious to corrupt them. I loved the sight. It made me so hard. I couldn't wait any longer. As the naughty virgin licked and lapped at her mother's pussy, I brought my dick to the MILF's married snatch. 

Scarlett gasped. Her tongue flicked out, brushing the tip of my cock as it nuzzled into her mother's bush. I shuddered at the wicked touch. Then I felt the wife's hot flesh. I shuddered, so eager to fuck her. To pound her.

Deb's head snapped up. She shot a look at me. W-what are ya doin', Becky?

Lubing my cock for your daughter, I told her and thrust. That okay?

Yes! Deb gasped, her eyes widening as I pumped in and out of her.

Her pussy squeezed down on my dick. I groaned and shuddered. Such heat surged through me. It was so incredible. Her married snatch squeezed down on me while her daughter's tongue fluttered against us. She licked and lapped around her mother's folds spread wide to engulf my dick. I groaned, pistoning away hard. My crotch smacked into her rump, making her butt-cheeks jiggle.

She squirmed and gasped on her daughter, eating her as I fucked her hard. Her pussy clenched down on my dick, making me groan. It was so great. After going most of the day without pussy, it was wonderful to be in her married cunt.

Yes, yes, yes, you're getting me ready to breed your daughter! I groaned, thrusting so hard. I pumped away with such fervor. I drove my girl-dick hard into her silky depths. It was such a hot delight. Going to plant a miracle baby in her womb. My futa-daughter!

Yes! the mother moaned, her pussy squeezing down on my dick.

Yes, yes, yes, Mom, moaned the virgin. Her tongue lapped at my dick and brushed my pussy folds. Pleasure rippled through me. Get me ready for her! Keep... keep licking my pussy. You're making me feel so good.

Yes! I growled, thrusting harder, pleasure rippling through my body. Make your daughter cum! Get her so wet and juicy for my futa-cock!

I am! Deb moaned, her hips wiggling, stirring her pussy around on my dick while her daughter's tongue fluttered around Deb's cunt and my girl-dick. It was so hot feeling the virgin's licking, caressing me. I'm going to make my daughter cum so hard!

Good, I whimpered, pumping away so hard.

The silky friction built my orgasm swift. This was so exciting to have such a religious woman lost to lesbian passion, cuckolding her husband on my dick. Her pussy clenched down on my thrusting futa-cock, driving me closer and closer to my eruption.

Scarlett's tongue lapped into my pussy every time I rammed my girl-dick into her mother's cunt. The virgin's brushes sent flutters of delight through me, meeting with the rapture rushing down my shaft. I whimpered, my ovaries growing tighter and tighter.

Then a chain reaction happened.

Mom! squealed the virgin. Oh, Mom... I think... I think I'm having an orgasm. Oh, Lord! Oh, my Lord, that's amazing!

Yes! gasped the mother. You're... You're bathing my faces in your juices and... Lord, have mercy, yes!

I gasped as the mother joined her daughter. Her cunt rippled about my dick. I groaned as the pleasure danced around my shaft. It was incredible. This hot, silky delight that bathed my dick in such heavenly pleasure. My back arched, my tits heaving before me as I buried into her. My pussy clenched.

I erupted.

My cum fired into the married woman's snatch. As she screamed her pleasure into her daughter's cunt, I filled her pussy with my jizz. Pleasure shot through me. Fast and hard. My pussy convulsed. Juices poured out of me as my futa-spunk pumped over and over into Deb's snatch. I swayed, stars bursting across my eyes.

You're flooding me! gasped Deb. Oh, Lord, that's so hot!

Uh-huh, I groaned through the pleasure as I fired the last of my jizz into her. Then I ripped out of her and...

Groaned as Scarlett buried her face into her mother's pussy and lapped up my salty cum flowing out of Deb. I shuddered, my soaked dick throbbing. I needed more pleasure. The sight was so inspiring. I had to cum more. I had to fuck the virgin.

I moved around the bed in a flash. Deb lifted her face from her daughter's now soaked bush. Juices dripped off the MILF's face. Her glassy, dark eyes met mine. Then she saw my dick dripping in her cream.

Yes, yes, breed my daughter! she gasped as she snagged my dick and brought it to Scarlett's virgin pussy. Do it! Take her virginity and give her a miracle!

Yes, I whimpered, loving the mother rubbing my dick into her adopted daughter's hymen. I'm going to pop her cherry! 

Deb just shuddered, her hips wiggling as her daughter feasted on the creampie I made in the MILF's cunt. She pushed me against Scarlett's maidenhead. I felt that thin membrane standing between me and untouched depths.

I thrust.

Her cherry popped.

Scarlett moaned into her mother's pussy. I gasped as the incredible, tight cunt engulfed my girl-cock. My body shuddered as I slid deeper and deeper into her untouched pussy. No other cock had ever been in her pussy. No toy. No fingers. Nothing but my futa-dick.

It was incredible. Such a rush of delight shot through me. My back arched, my tits heaving before me. My pussy clenched as the virgin squeezed her tight, silky sheath about my dick. She squirmed and gasped, moaning into her mother's snatch.

Yes, yes, yes, breed her! hissed the mother, staring up at me as she ground her cum-filled snatch on her adopted daughter's feasting mouth. Ooh, breed her as she eats my pussy. She's licking all your jizz out of my... my cunt!

Yes! I groaned, drawing back my dick. It was so incredible feeling the silky friction engulfed around my cock. I whimpered, the pleasure racing through my body. I shook and shuddered, my hips undulating as I pumped, stirring my dick through her pussy.

She squealed. Her hands griped her mother's plump ass I fucked her. I thrust over and over, savoring the silky friction that shot through me. My pussy grew hotter and hotter as I plowed into her. The pleasure swelled around my ovaries.

I'm going to breed you, Scarlett! I groaned. I'm going to give you a baby!

Oh, yes! she moaned into her mother's pussy. Please, please, I want that!

Breed my little girl! She kissed at my belly as I fucked her adopted daughter's deflowered cunt. Please, please! Pump your futa-cum into her!

I shuddered as her mouth kissed to my bellybutton. Her tongue probed my divot as I plowed her daughter. Naughty tingles raced down to my juicy cunt and my dick throbbing in her daughter's cunt. Dizzy rapture surged through me, euphoric waves that drove me closer and closer to my orgasm.

That need to cum in this deflowered pussy gripped me. I had to breed this eighteen-year-old girl. I hammered her so hard. I fucked into her tight, silky depths with every ounce of power I had. My tits bounced and moaned.

Becky! the girl groaned. Oh, yes, yes, yes! I'm going to cum! I'm going to explode on your futa-dick and... Yes!

The girl's once-pure pussy spasmed about my dick. I groaned as her flesh spasmed around me. It was incredible. She moaned into her mother's pussy. The MILF snapped her head up. Her tits swayed before her as she screamed out in rapture. Another orgasm burst through her, too. She bathed her daughter's face in her juices again.

It was so hot.

Breed my little girl!

Amen! I cried out, feeling more religious now than I ever had. Thank you, Lord!

I slammed into her daughter's pussy. Her massaging sheath pleasured my dick. The ache at the crown of my girl-cock erupted. My futa-jizz spurted into her fertile depths. I shuddered, pumping my seed into her, planting my baby into her body.

The pleasure slammed into my mind. I gasped and groaned. I swayed from side to side. The rapture drowned my mind. Such taboo delight flooded through me. Mother and daughter gasped and screamed with me, filling the room with such hot passion.

My cock kept erupting as her pussy massaged my dick. Her convulsing, once-pure sheath drew so much futa-cum out of me. I spilled it into her. I gave her enough seed to breed an entire church worth of virgins.

Praise the Lord! the mother howled, her eyes dazed.

Then she kissed me. Hard. Her lips stained with her daughter's tart pussy. Our tongues swirled together as we shuddered in pleasure, using her adopted daughter to please us. It was so delicious. It was so wild. So hot. I loved this. 

I spurted my last blast of futa-cum into the daughter's fertile depths.

I broke the kiss, grinning at the mother. Mmm, wasn't that delicious?

Yes, she groaned, her eyes dazed. It was amazin'!

And... to make sure she is pregnant, we need to spend all night pleasuring her.

Such lust shone in her eyes. Praise the Lord!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

April 17th, 2047

Is this the source of your virgin a day ritual? Adelia asked.

I did get a taste of cherry cunt that day, I said and the studio audience laughed.

My poor girl-dick was so sore. Talking about my life kept getting me so hard. I squeezed my thighs, my pussy on fire. I fought the urge to whip out my dick and stroke it. We'd never get through the story of my life if I couldn't control my urges.

Though it took a long time to get to the point where I could enjoy that, I said. But it did give girls a reason to keep their hymens intact, so I helped to cut down on teenage pregnancies.

Adelia gave me a smile. How did Jackson react to what happened?

He wouldn't admit it, but I'm certain he jerked off over and over. I left one happy family. They introduced me to other families of their church, other virgins that needed to be bred. I spent a week in that part of Texas before I continued my wandering.

So, what was your next exciting hitchhiking adventure?

To be continued...