Bath time
by Skydiving

Erin came home from school to an empty house. She didn't have any brothers or sisters and her parents were usually home around six so when she walked in at three o'clock everyday, there was no one to greet her. She wasn't too sorry about it, she tried to spend as much time with her parents as she could but as she got older it got harder and she came to realize how much she appreciated the time alone. The old Victorian style house she lived in still used most of the original appliances, including the stove, oven, sinks, showers, and the bathtub. The tub, something she used as a kid but after a certain point she began to think of it as childish. She thought only kids take baths but now, at eighteen, she started to appreciate it once again. Coming home after spending six hours at school, and having slept for three hours the night before because she stayed up way too late like teenagers do, the tub was quite soothing. The hot water worked perfectly, and she used it to the fullest, filling the tub with water so hot she could barely manage to keep herself in it for the first couple minutes until she slowly got used to it. 

After some time, she found herself using the tub every day. She'd come home from school, and head straight to the bathroom and start the water. Flinging her clothes off her body, the inside was barely full as she stepped in and the scalding hot water creeped around her toes. Using a bath cloth to scrub her feet after wearing tight socks all day felt like a massage. Her calves would always be covered in creases from her high cut socks, and to finally peel them off and soothe the itchy feeling they left was, at least to her, one of life's most under appreciated pleasures. As the bath filled, she'd have a hard time keeping her legs in the burning water. Often times she'd lift her legs out of the bath for a second to let them cool off before plopping them back in the small puddle of bath water that was still filling the tub. The water kept creeping up as the bath filled, finally reaching her sex. She wasn't a big fan of pubic hair. It looked messy, and often times she could feel it pulling inside her panties if she sat down funnily. To her, it was better to just keep it shaved or at least trimmed. Depending on how recently she shaved, the water could feel unbearably hot for the first half of her soak. By the time the water filled to her belly button, she would be used to the heat, and as it creeped up her chest, it didn't feel nearly as hot as when it first started to gather around her toes. The water was beginning to close in on her breasts, meaning the bath was almost all the way full. Being exhausted from not sleeping much, as well as the hot water relaxing the muscles in her legs. She could feel herself drifting off, but managed to fight it enough to watch the water submerge her breasts before she laid her head back to relax. In a minute or two, the bath would be full, and then she could fall asleep if she wanted, and she promised herself that when she laid her head back, it would only be for a moment. She hadn't yet turned the water off, and now it was reaching past her shoulders, close to the rim of the tub, and yet she hadn't turned off the flow. In this old tub, there was no drain on the top to help prevent water from overflowing, it was completely up to her to turn it off in time, but Erin had completely dozed off to the gentle sound of water running in the tub. 

It poured over the edges, Erin completely unaware that water was running steadily onto the tile floor and forming a sizable puddle that was starting to carry away her discarded school clothes. The water flowed across the floor, completely covering the bathroom floor and now starting to work out into the hall. Her clothes soaked and drifted in the massive, every growing puddle while Erin was still sound asleep and would be for quite some time. 

The water had gone far into the halls, and reached almost everywhere it could. The house was nearly flooded by the time Erin finally opened her eyes to see the water pouring out the side of the tub. The realization that she dozed off and never hit the knob set in, so she dashed forward and finally hit it, turning off the water. She was panicking at the thought of causing water damage in the house. Her heart began to pound as the fear set in, and she slowly moved the curtain away to reveal the massive puddle of water that her clothes were soaking in. It was worse than she could have imagined. This wasn't gonna be a cheap fix, but regardless, she had to do something to help stop any further damage. She started to drain the water in the bath, and got up and out of the tub. Her forehead was covered in sweat from the sauna like temperature, and her body was completely red from the burning hot water. The hot water had relaxed her entire body, making her feel light headed upon standing up which was amplified by the anxiety. Her phone was also completely submerged on the floor, hitting the power button did nothing. It was no good anymore, she couldn't call her parents, and the threat of the water ruining everything needed to get addressed soon. 

She tried using all the towels she could find in the house to soak up the water but it wasn't enough. She Tossed towel after towel into the now empty tub as she tried desperately to clean up the mess she made. When she ran out of towels, she grabbed the blankets from her bed. They didn't work quite the same, but it was better than nothing although it wasn't nearly enough to clean everything. Erin did everything in her power to fix it but just couldn't get the job done. She didn't even waste time putting on a new pair of clothes as she cleaned, every second was important but now her parents would be home soon, and they would see what happened. How could she explain it to them? That she fell asleep and absentmindedly cost then possibly thousands of dollars in repairs? She knew she was in for it. She heard her mom pull into the driveway, there was not much left she could do, so Erin walked into her room, and put in a fresh pair of pants and a shirt so she wouldn't look so dumb when her mom walked in. 

It was now ten o'clock pm. Her father arrived home shortly after her mom did. He wasn't in a good mood already because of work and now was practically in hysterics. Her mom, however, was possibly even more furious than him. She couldn't believe that she had to deal with this right when she got home, and the clean up took almost four hours of constant work from all three. Her parents got most of the yelling done earlier, and now, late at night, Erin sat quietly in her room. Her parents room had sustained some water damage but hers hadn't, as if she didn't already feel guilty enough about it all. She was in tears during the whole cleaning process. The feeling of disappointing and angering her parents weighed heavily on her, and now as tears subsided, she waited for a proper punishment. Her mother yelled her name, and Erin knew that was her cue to walk downstairs and take what was coming. She slowly stumbled down the waterlogged wood stair, trying hard not to possibly step on a weak spot and fall right through. In the living room, her mother was waiting for her.

“Do you have any idea how much this is going to cost?” Her mother sat on the edge of the couch, cross armed. Erin could easily read the anger in her voice and on her face as she was berated with more questions. “How do you think we are going to pay for this? Do you have anything to say for yourself?” Up until now she had remained mostly silent, unable to speak because of the guilt. 

“I'm sorry…” Erin said quietly with teary eyes. She couldn't even make eye contact as her mother left the couch to stand right next to her. Then, without warning, she bent down, and pulled Erin's pajama bottoms to the floor and wrapped her arm around Erin's stomach to hold her in place. Without any further explanation, her mother began to spank Erin's panty clad ass. Once, then twice, then three times, and again and again, she let out all her frustration with Erin on her butt with slaps meant to cause true pain. Erin winced and tensed with each hit but didn't protest, knowing that she deserved what she got. After less than ten hard slaps on the rear end, Erin's panties were pulled down and left hanging around her knees. Her bare ass was already glowing red from the punishment, and it wasn't going to end any time soon. The embarrassment Erin felt from having her underwear pulled down was nothing compared to the pain that each slap delivered to her naked ass. Her mom didn't hold back at all, trying to get the message across of just how angry she was. 

Erin's butt jiggled and bounced with each slap, and progressively got more and more red as the beating continued. Her butt was becoming so sore that each progressive slap felt even worse than the last, and yet still, her mom didn't slow down at all. Even as Erin began to cry out sharply from each hit, and begged her mom to stop, the spanking continued. It wasn't until her ass had turned completely red, with so many handprints you couldn't distinguish one from the other, that she was finally given a break. Her mom stood up, and told her that she was done for the night. Even after her butt was savagely beaten, it didn't feel like a worthy punishment to her mother. Erin gently rubbed her stinging ass while she waited to make sure that her punishment was really over. As her mom walked away, Erin pulled her pants up, tears streaming down her face still, and wobbled back to her room. Her glutes were too sore to allow her walk properly and she knew she'd have to sleep on her stomach that night. 

The next day, after returning home from school, Erin didn't use the bath. She felt that would be inappropriate given what happened yesterday, and wanted to try her best to show that she realized the severity of her mistake. When her mom got home, she didn't greet Erin, instead she rushed to the bathroom, grabbed some soap, and shampoo, and yelled for Erin to come outside. 

“From now on, you're no longer allowed to use the bath or the shower in the house. So until I say that you're punishment is over, you'll have to wash yourself outside, with the hose. Here's some soap, you can start now.” Erin was slightly confused. Did she mean that she had to be naked too? She asked if she could get a swimsuit from her room to cover up. “No. You'll stand out here, naked, and shower in the front yard. You can stand in this,” her mom snapped back while opening the back door of her car and grabbing a plastic kiddie pool that she just bought. She threw the plastic pool on the ground next to Erin, and handed her the hose, then crossed her arms and told her to get going. Erin just stood, silent, and dumbfounded. Her neighborhood wasn't secluded at all. Any of her neighbors would be able to see, and people drove down her street all the time, there was no way that she could stand out here naked. The whole block would see her! She looked back to her mother in disbelief but her moms facial expression didn't change. She wasn't going to budge, this is what her punishment would be. It was march, and still cold outside, cold enough that not wearing a coat would leave you shivering. But going nude, and then standing under the cold water from a hose would be near freezing.

Erin wanted to go back inside, but with her mother standing there, there was nothing she could do. Disobeying her mom had never worked out well for her, and she had never been this angry before. Erin knew that she deserved to be punished for the water damage, but making her bathe outside because she couldn't be trusted anymore with the shower inside was beyond degrading. Erin gave one last desperate look to her mother as if to beg her to change her mind, but she was met with the same stern, unchanging face. She looked away from her mom in defeat. Her head hung low, as she looked at her feet, kicking off her shoes, and peeling off her socks. Standing barefoot in the grass, the ground felt like ice on the soles of her feet which had become overly sensitive from the hot baths as well as careful care with lotions and oils. A car drive by, catching her attention as she realized that many more would be passing by while she undressed. She unzipped her sweatshirt, and slipped it off her back, then slowly lifted her t shirt over her head. As the shirt wrapped around her face, and her bra was flashed to the street, she heard another car drive by. When she finally had the shirt off, the car was already behind her, having seen her almost entirely exposed chest. The cold wind hit her bare, white shoulders, sending a shiver through her body as she unbuttoned her jeans. 

Soon, she was stepping out of her pants, and standing in her underwear in front yard. Her mother watched, patiently, waiting for her to complete her punishment. Another car drove by, causing Erin to try and cover her underwear as it passed. The humiliation of standing in bright blue panties outside for the world to see was causing her to lose confidence in herself. But without further prompting, she managed to continue, so as not to make her mom angry again. Erin clipped her bra from behind, and dropped it in the pile of her clothes. Using one arm to cover her naked breasts, she was shivering and shaking from the anxiousness. Just her panties were left. She used her free arm to pull them off her hips until her rear was exposed. She immediately covered her shameful nudity as she wiggled her thighs, causing her panties to finally fall the ground. She stepped out of them, and into the plastic tub, holding tightly to her modesty. Another car drove by, as Erin clutched her privates. The only thing covering them was her own arms. Her mom turned on the hose, and the water began to flow. 

Erin tried shamefully to cover herself as she picked up the hose but she couldn't help but reveal at least one of her tits to the street. She pointed the hose at herself, and let the water run over her chest. It was absolutely frigid, something she wasn't used to at all. She couldn't hold it for more than a second before pointing it away from herself. The blast of cold water caused her to lose her breath, and she struggled to properly breathe. The freezing water dripped down her entire body to her feet as she tried to catch her breath. She didn't even realize that another car had drove by while she wasn't covering her boobs because the shock of cold water had disoriented her. “Mom please,” she began to beg, “I'm sorry! Please let me go back inside!” She was already humiliated from stripping naked in public, but the cold water was too much to handle. She barely managed to get the words out through her shivers but her mom had zero sympathy.


“You can go inside once you finish your shower. Hurry up and it won't be so bad. You're wasting time already. You’d better hurry before these people see you.” Erin turned her head to look in the direction that her mom was. Three boys on bikes were coming down the street, each one staring back at her, and even worse, she recognized all of them from school! Not anyone she knew personally, but certainly she had seen them in the halls. Erin froze, and futilely tried to cover her whole body. She hunched over and crouched down, hugging herself tightly while she tried to close her eyes and look away from the three onlookers. Listening and waiting for them to pass by, she heard one of them yell over with a simple, “Hey.” Her mom called back, “She’s taking a shower. Why don’t you come over here and hold the hose for her?” Just when she thought that it couldn’t get any worse, she heard the bikes hit the sidewalk, and then three pairs of shoes walking through the grass, getting ever closer until they stopped right next to her. “Here, grab the hose for her. I’ll grab a towel.” It sounded like her mom was going to leave her out here, alone with these three, and the sound of one of them walking away and then the front door opening seemed to confirm it. “Erin! When I get back, you better be done, so hurry up and use the soap!” When Erin opened her eyes, she looked up, clutching her breasts, she made eye contact with all three of them standing over her. They exchanged an awkward glance before Erin looked away, hanging her head in shame. She felt their eyes everywhere on her body, and even though her mom said to hurry up, she didn’t want to move. 

“Umm, do you want this?” One of them asked. She didn’t look to see what he was talking about, and instead remained in her crouched squat, with her face hidden between her knees. For the next few minutes, neither side spoke, or made any move until the front door opened again. Her mom came back outside, walked over, and asked, “are you done?” She didn’t answer, instead one of the boys did, saying, “She’s just been sitting there…” 

“ERIN,” her mom yelled, causing her to jerk her head up out of hiding. She knew when her parents yelled they meant business. Now she was listening. “STAND UP, AND FINISH YOUR SHOWER!” Out of fear, Erin stood up, and faced the four of them, covering her privates and silently begging to be done. 

“..mom.. Do I have to..?” Her voice was shook. Never in her life had she been so humiliated. Her worst nightmare, being naked in public, had already come true and now her mom was trying to make it worse. Disobeying her parents had never ended well for her, and at this point she had long learned that their word was final. She swallowed hard, nervously waiting for the answer. But her mom didn’t give a straight yes or no. Instead she took the bottle of soap, and said, “Hold out your hands.” SHe knew that she didn’t have a choice. If she didn’t listen, she’d only make her punishment worse. Erin slowly moved her arm off her boobs, exposing her bare, modest breasts, and rock hard nipples to everyone. She stuck out her arm, showing not only how cold, but also how visibly nervous and embarrassed she was as it shook and shivered when she held her hand out. Her mom held the bottle of liquid soap, but didn’t give her any. “Both hands,” her mom said, slightly annoyed. Erin could tell her mom was getting impatient, so she tried to hurry. She removed her hand from her crotch, and closed her legs tightly. Undoubtedly, her clean shaven slit was visible to all of them as Erin stuck both her hands out. A quick glance at the boys confirmed that all their eyes were glued tightly to the sight of her vagina. The excitement on all their faces was the exact opposite of the grief that Erin wore. As her mom squirted the soap into Erin’s hands, she said, “Make sure to wash everywhere.” 

Erin took the soap, and immediately pressed all of it against her chest, and caressed her tits to begin spreading it around. As it bubbled, and suds formed, she couldn’t hide the discomfort on her face as they all watched her. Another car drove by, catching her attention momentarily, but then it was back on the four of them, watching and waiting for her to wash her naked self. While keeping her legs closed, Erin briefly rubbed the soap over her pussy to the amusement of the three of them before quickly moving on to her thighs and back. The hose was still running, filling the tub that she stood in and encapsulating her feet, up past her ankles. Even if she wanted to run, it was if her feet were stuck in a block of ice, and she couldn’t escape. She began to try and wash her back, standing scandalously nude, covered in only bubbles, with her arms behind her back, trying to reach as high as she could. Erin quickly brought her hands down, gently glazing over her butt before trying to move back onto her legs. “Hold on,” her mom intervened. “Turn around,” she said, grabbing erins shoulders, and yanking them clockwise, turning Erins entire body around. Her wet, soapy ass now faced the boys. With her hands still on Erin’s shoulders, she said, “Now bend over, and properly wash your bum,” and then forced Erin to stand completely bent over, almost folded in half. Her wet hair dangled off head as the blood rushed to Erin’s face even more. Her naked ass was completely bent over specifically for the three of them to gawk over and humiliate her more.

“Now spread your legs a bit, and rub this in.” Her mom pulled Erin’s left leg to the side, almost causing her to lose balance, and effectively spreading her ass cheeks to fully expose Erin’s pussy and butthole, and then drizzled a dab more soap on top. The soap she had rubbed on her butt earlier didn’t reach that far inside, so her taint was perfectly exhibited. The thick liquid soap began to drip down between her ass cheeks, and over her anus before Erin finally hold her balance, and try her best to comply with her mom's punishment. She ran her fingers up and down her privates to ‘wash’ them, while she hid most of her pussy behind her other hand. This shower had completely become an exhibition of her naked body. Three boys from school watched as she delicately washed her most sacred and private parts right in front of them. She was sniffling, whimpering, and holding in her tears as best she could knowing that she completely exposed herself, and presented every inch to them, in detail. Nothing was private anymore, she didn’t even know how many cars had driven by and what they’d seen, but standing in public naked had thoroughly stripped her of her modesty.

“That’s good, now rinse her off.” Erin heard her mom give the cue, and momentarily took her hands away from her privates as she was about to stand back up, but before she could, a wave of freezing cold water hit her square in the butt. The frigid water shot in between her legs, over her asshole, and dripped down her vagina. The ensuing shock caused her ass to flinch, and pussy to quiver from the nearly frozen water. She barely kept in her squeal as the boy held the water over her ass, and the suds ran down her legs. After a second, he moved the water off her ass, spraying her legs, as well as her hunched over spine, but all the boys just stared now at her squeaky clean, shining, totally bare asshole, and dripping wet pussy. The wave of cold water washed over her, hitting her like a truck. She couldn’t even think to finally stand back up she was so cold. The way water sprayed directly on her vagina, she could only image that they could see it all. When she finally stood straight, she turned around, keeping her hands at her sides, and looking away as they sprayed her tits. The anguish on her face was ignored as everyone couldn’t look away as the suds fell from her solid, freezing cold nipples. Her entire naked body was once again wholly unobstructed by anything as the last of the suds fell and gathered with the rest of the water that was now overflowing in the kiddie pool. The torment she faced was still not over, as her mom said, “Now the shampoo.”

Her mom squeezed some onto Erin’s head, and gestured to let her begin. Erin lifted her arms up, showcasing her perfect body even more. While she rubbed the shampoo into her hair, she had naturally stricken a pose that displayed her sexy breasts, making them even perkier than normal. They all beamed at her glistening exposed body, covered with goosebumps and not a single piece of body hair anywhere to be found. Her chest sparkled in the sunlight as light reflected off the water that ran down her navel, over her hips, and down her legs. She quickly rubbed in the shampoo, feeling the pressure of them staring at her erect nips, she lowered her hands and said, “go ahead.” Her voice was weak and quiet when she told them to wash the soap out of her hair. Those were the first words she said to them having now been utterly humiliated. They raised the hose up, and rinsed the soap from her hair. Water and foam ran down her face as she dejectedly watched them splash her with water, causing them great delight to her misfortune. When the last of the soap finally ran down her legs, and off her body, her mom finally said, “Okay, now you can dry off.” The boys pointed the hose away as Erin’s mom handed her the towel. She took it, and stepped out of the kiddy pool, onto the muddy ground while she wrapped the towel around herself. Without a word, Erin walked ashamedly to the front door.

“Wait! Don’t go in until you’re dried off, and make sure you rinse the mud off your feet!” Standing at the front door, Erin furiously rubbed the towel all over herself, soaking up every bit of water before the four of them came back over with the hose. Her mom grabbed her ankle, lifted up her foot, and let them spray down her soles, cleaning any remaining dirt off them. When she was finally dry, Erin stepped back into the house, leaving the boys outside with her mom, while she darted off to her room.


