I was alone for the evening. I decided to spend the evening pampering myself with some wine, Sarah McLachlan in my ear buds, and shaving my legs in a soothing bubble bath.
Cindy, my wife, had gone out for drinks after work with some coworkers. This usually meant that she would be home around 2am, and she would be very drunk.
It was now 9pm. I was through shaving my legs, and was just relaxing in the warm, lilac smelling bubbles.
"Arlene? Where are you?" I heard Cindy's muffled voice calling.
"I'm in the tub! The door's open!" I shouted, not wanting to remove my ear buds. I was in ultra girl mode, with the music in my ears, the lit candles everywhere, and the bubbles up to my chin. I didn't want to deal with anybody, but me, me, and me.
I watched as Cindy came through the door, and took in the ultra girlish atmosphere. Her expression went from a sheepish grin, to a wide amused smile.
It was then, that I realized she had never observed me in my girl spa rituals. She had watched me shower as her husband years ago. She had also supported me through all of my transitioning. She had giving me pointers on my makeup, helped me with my clothes, my female mannerisms, and my HRT. She had even shared her boyfriend with me, so I could lose my virginity to a gentle lover. She had, however, never seen me in my private girl environment.
I removed my ear buds. "What?" I asked defensively. "I was flustered, alone, and I decided to pamper myself."
"No. No. No. I wasn't making fun of you. I've just never seen this part of your life. It's beautiful. I would join you, but I'm a little bit messy." Cindy explained.
"Well thank you. A girls got to relieve stress somehow." I said, a little embarrassed that I was so defensive.
Cindy looked at me quizzically. "Why are you so flustered hun?" She asked.
"Ty!" I snapped.
"What did he do this time?" Cindy asked.
"Well, I heard your screams of passion this morning, so when you left for work, I went in to see if he was ready for round 2. He was passed out, of course, so I slid the sheets down. Sure enough, he was still butt naked. Y'alls cum was all over his cock, and balls. I decided that I wouldn't wake him up. I would just lick him clean, snuggle up next to him, and take a nap. I could always get laid after he woke up." I explained.
"And?" Cindy pried.
"Well he woke up, in both ways, and it wasn't long before I was swallowing a tasty load of fresh cum..."
"But I thought you love swallowing cum sweetie?" Cindy interrupted.
"I do, and I loved it this time too." I said.
Cindy had a puzzled look on her face. She asked, "So why are you so flustered?"
"Because, I milked the last drops of his cum from his cock, and just like I had planned, we snuggled till we both fell asleep. I woke up an hour later, and started to suck him back to life. I wanted him to make me scream with passion like you did this morning. Apparently, he had other plans. He woke up before he was fully hard, looked at his watch, and told me he was late. Then he jumped out of bed, got dressed, and said that he would be back tomorrow. Cindy, he just left me there all hot, and bothered. He didn't even kiss me." I complained.
"Oh sweetie, I'm sorry, but that's part of being a girl. Sometimes men will leave you hot and bothered. That's just the way men are, but that doesn't mean you have to stay hot and bothered." Cindy said.
"I know, I can always use my dildoe's. It's just that, since Ty started fucking me, dildoe's just aren't the same anymore." I explained.
Cindy looked at me with a look of empathy. She said, "Honey, just because he was your first, doesn't mean he will be your last."
I looked at her quizzically.
"Baby, I brought Ty home to meet you, because I thought he would be a great first lay for you. That doesn't mean that you have to marry him though. Hell, I like him too, but I'm not going to let that keep me from getting laid if the opportunity arises." Cindy said.
"Huh?" I asked.
Her expression went back to the sheepish grin. She stepped to the side of the tub, and lifted her skirt. She lowered her panties enough for me to see all the semen smeared between her, and the gusset.
I stared, still not comprehending the sight before my eyes.
"I went out with the girls, and this really cute guy came onto me. I knew that Ty was going to his best friend's bachelor party, which is why he had to leave you by the way, so I just went for it. We slipped out to his car, and he fucked my brains out." Cindy explained.
I was still staring at her cum filled panties in shock,
Cindy continued, "What I'm trying to say, is that all you have to do is come out to everyone. Once all your friends and family know that you are trans, we can go out without worrying about anything. You will be free to date any man you want. Screw Ty, if he don't like it."
While she was explaining, my fingers had found their way to her sloppy pussy involuntarily.
I realized that I had 2 fingers, knuckle deep, in her cum filled pussy. "You are definitely a little messy. Let me take care of that, and then we can bathe together." I said, as I brought my cum covered fingers to my mouth for a delicious taste.
Cindy wasted no time stripping, while I licked my fingers clean. Before I had all of the strangers cum licked off of my fingers, she had stepped both feet into the tub, and was straddling me. With her back to me, she braced herself with her hands on each side of the tub, and lowered her cum filled pussy to my hungry mouth. It was delicious.
"Mmmmmm," I moaned, as the cum started to fill my mouth.
It tasted sweeter than Ty's cum, but not as sweet as mine.
Cindy moaned, "Damn! That feels good Arlene! Keep it up, and you're going to have my mess to clean up too."
I didn't even slow down.
Cindy took that as a sign, and proceeded to fuck my face.
After a couple of minutes, she tensed up, and began to flood my mouth with her own orgasm.
I hungrily drank their cum.
As her knees buckled, I caught her, and eased her down into the warm bubbles with me. She just collapsed, and let me guide her into place. She was laying back against my B cup breasts, with her head resting on my shoulder.
We lay there in silence, just enjoying each others touch.
My legs were wrapped around her hips, and my arms were wrapped around her torso, just under her C cup breasts. I held her until her breathing slowed to normal. Then I gently started to wash her from the neck down.
As I was soaping up her breasts, she turned her head to the side, kissed my neck gently, then whispered in my ear, "How did I get so lucky to have you as my spouse Arlene? You was a great husband, and now you are an even better wife. I will take care of your needs when we go to bed honey. I promise."
I turned, and lovingly kissed my soul mate on the lips. "Thanks Hun, but I think that I am the luckiest girl on earth. Not many wives, would allow their husbands to become their wives." I said, as I started to wash her sensitive pussy.
Cindy laid her head back again, and let me wash her well fucked pussy.
There was nothing sexual about how I washed her. It was more mother like than anything, but I still got a couple of statements like, "Mmmm, that feels nice."
When I had washed everything I could reach, she washed, and shaved her own legs, while I washed her back lovingly.
"So, do you really think that I should come out to everyone?" I asked casually, while using a loofah on her back.
"Arlene, have you looked in the mirror lately? You've reached the point that even binding your breasts, won't cover up the rest of your womanly attributes. Male clothes don't fit you anymore. You've lived as a woman for well over a year. Your walk, your talk, and everything else you do, just screams woman in every way." Cindy replied.
She continued, "Do you remember how hard it was, on both of us, to keep our secret when we went home for Christmas? It's only going to get worse. Since you started your transition, you've been lucky enough to only have 3 (planned) visits from friends and family. What happens when they show up unannounced? Hell, I don't think you could talk in your male voice now, even if you tried."
"Well, sure I could ma'am.", I clumsily responded, in my best male voice. It sounded fake to both of us, and we both started to giggle.
"See what I mean?" Cindy said.
"I see your point, and I do want everyone to see me for who I really am, but I'm scared." I said somberly.
Cindy spun around, took both of my hands in hers, and said, "Let me help you come out. I've been reading many articles on this subject. I have a plan, but for now, come with me. I have a promise to keep."
She stood, and helped me to my feet.
"Stand there for a second." She said, as she dried herself.
When she was dry, she wrapped a fresh towel around her torso. She laid the damp towel on the floor, and helped me step out onto it. With a fresh towel, she began to dry me from head to toe.
I audibly caught my breath when she dried my useless boi bits. Cindy heard my gasp, smiled, and said, "Easy Hun, we don't want you cumming just yet."
She wrapped the towel around my torso when I was dry, and led me to the master bedroom.
Even though I was sleeping with them in the master bedroom every night, all of my clothes were still in the spare bedroom.
Cindy opened a box, and pulled out a cute little pink babydoll, and matching panties from Victoria Secret.
"I know that it's a week early, but happy anniversary." Cindy said, as she helped me slide the babydoll over my head.
It was adorable. It had ruffles, and lace everywhere. It hugged my breasts perfectly, but flared out from there to just below my cute little butt cheeks. She put the panties back in the box, and said, "You won't be needing these yet."
I squealed with delight, "I love it! It's adorable! Thank you!"
Cindy pulled me to her, wrapped her arms around me, and said, "You're welcome Hun."
Then she kissed me with more passion than ever before.
I got lost in her kiss. I snapped back to reality, when I felt her finger slip inside me, and hit my g spot. "Mmmmm." I groaned, and my knees began to buckle.
She guided me back a step, just in time. When my knees failed me, I found myself sitting on the edge of the bed. Her finger had slipped out when I collapsed.
"Lay back, and enjoy." Cindy said, as she gave me a gentle push backwards.
I scooted back, and laid my head on 2 stacked pillows.
She climbed on the bed, grabbed my legs, and positioned me in the classic missionary position.
She reached over to her nightstand, and pulled out my favorite dildo. She must have been planning this ahead of time, because that dildo was in the my nightstand in the spare bedroom a week ago.
Without anymore delay, she lowered her head to my shrunken boi bits, and began to take all of my sex into her warm mouth.
My "clit," and my almost empty sac, fit easily into her mouth at the same time.
Even though my clit never exceeds 1 inch long, since the HRT rendered my boi bits useless, it is now more sensitive than when it functioned properly. All the nerve endings that were spread out, when I was erect, are now concentrated in one tiny area.
I was moaning uncontrollably. She was slobbering all over my sex, and I could feel my "pussy" getting soaked with her drool.
Cindy started alternating between sucking my sex, and using her tongue to smear her drool around my hungry hole.
"Oh Yessssss!" I hissed, when I felt her tongue slip inside me.
Cindy looked up at me. I couldn't see the smile on her lips, but I could see the smile in her eyes as she ate my "pussy."
When she felt me completely give in to her touch, she knew that I was ready for anything she had in mind.
Her tongue left my "pussy," but I immediately felt the head of my favorite dildo sliding easily into familiar territory. It hit my g spot, and I squealed involuntarily.
Cindy knew that I had been pent up since Ty had left me all hot, and bothered that morning. She knew that it wouldn't take me long, so she said, "Don't hold back baby. Cum for me."
She sucked my bits back into her mouth. Just as I felt the tip of her tongue start flicking my "clit," she began to piston my G Spot with the head of the dildo.
"I'm cumming!" I screamed, and I lost myself in my pent up orgasm. My body tensed up uncontrollably, lifting my hips a foot off of the bed. My fingers were wrapped up in Cindy's hair, holding her face in place. She continued to pump the dildo into my G Spot, while I pumped my juices into her mouth.
When I was completely spent, I collapsed back down to earth, and the bed. This action drove the entire 7" cock inside me. Thankfully, the fake balls stopped it from disappearing deep inside my satisfied "pussy."
Cindy stayed with me. I watched as she swallowed my sweet juices, then lapped at my bits to clean up any residue.
When she was finished, she said, "Now you can have these."
She pulled the matching panties out of the box, and slid them up my freshly shaved legs into place.
We both fell asleep after a few minutes of laying face to face, kissing our soul mates.