They were sitting in the Muggle tea shop, waiting for Draco to arrive. "That was quite a coup, dancing with the Minister," Pansy remarked, sipping her cup of tea. For the first time all week, it wasn't laced with alcohol.

Ginny rolled her eyes. "It wasn't a coup. My father works with him. I was being polite."

"Well, you danced with him, and it was in the Prophet. They didn't even notice that you didn't dance with Potter." She paused and put down her cup. "Why is that, Ginny? He didn't even come near you all night."

She shrugged in reply. "I don't know why he does half the things he does. We haven't spoken in years, really, not about anything important."

"Did you break his heart? Is that it? Is he pining after you, sighing and longing for your return?" she asked, dramatically falling into a fake swoon.

Ginny snorted indelicately and looked over at Millicent. "You make her stop, she listens to you."

Millicent laughed. "Oh, no, I want to hear this one."

Ginny shook her head, her face turning pink. "It just didn't work out, is all."

"The Prophet made it sound as if you broke it off with him," Millicent pointed out.

"I did."

"Why?" both Slytherin girls chorused.

Ginny was saved from an immediate answer by Draco's entry into the shop. She kept herself from grinning madly at him, though she desperately wanted to. "Listen, there are new things happening even though it's still summer session."

"Oh, poo. It's summer, we should be having fun." Pansy stuck out her tongue as Draco sat down beside them. "Don't elegant people have parties all summer?"

"You know better than that," Millicent remarked. "It's the summer. It's the Little Season, and everyone who has any kind of sense would save the partying for when it's cooler. Same with politics. Who wants to argue when it's so blasted hot out?"

"Which is why we're figuring out the next tactic," Draco added, smoothly cutting off Pansy's next whine. "Did I miss anything?"

"Nothing important," Ginny supplied helpfully.

"Ah, good. Blaise is off doing something work related and awful. Mother has actually had a lot of offers for help with the charity, so the ball was a success. Even better, it got our foot in the door politically." Draco looked at Ginny pointedly. "Your family is awfully well connected, and right now they're the ones that seem to be helping us most."

"Well, we know a lot of people," Ginny began feebly.

"The thing is," Draco began as if Ginny hadn't spoken, "we haven't really cashed in yet on your fame." He drummed his fingers on the table top as he thought. "Does your team do anything in particular that's visible?"

"Other than play?" Ginny asked, eyebrow raised and voice frosty.

Draco had the grace to wince as the other girls laughed at him. "I mean, socially. Are there any charities or events they sponsor?"

"No, not really. The owner is a selfish, cheap slag."

Draco's eyebrow quirked. "Really? Such language."

"As successful as the team is, we're the only thing keeping her finances afloat," Ginny confided. She reached for a biscuit that Millicent had ordered earlier. "It's an open secret on the team, and we know that any profits are funneled into her dilapidated estate."

Draco leaned back in his chair and smiled slowly. "Millie, I do believe this falls under your realm of expertise."

Millicent's eyebrow rose in a question. "What? Buy the damn estate?"

"Doesn't the Ministry want to open a new orphanage?" Pansy asked suddenly.

"It's on the table to be discussed in winter," Ginny agreed.

Millicent shook her head. "That would cost me more money than it would earn, especially if it's in that much ruin that only a successful Quidditch team can keep it running."

"We have the money to fix it up," Draco offered. "And think of it as a charitable contribution."

"Those get tax write-offs under current law," Ginny added, remembering a conversation she had at dinner with her father and Percy. "Percy could explain it in detail, I think. But if it's substantial enough, you might wind up saving a lot more than you think."

Millicent's cheeks grew slightly pink at the mention of Percy. "Uh..."

"Just think about it. If you don't want to, I'll ask Chesterfield," Pansy offered. "He thinks the world of the group now, I think he might even drop the galleons to do it."

"He would definitely want that write-off," Draco remarked. "It would be good to spread out the influence so it's not too obvious it's just us. Unless there's someone else we can pull into this plan of ours?"

"Daphne's a baby-making wreck," Pansy declared, shaking her head. "Some of the other girls are nearly wraiths after the war and barely show their faces. Our year, it's just us." She looked over at Ginny. "Any other candidates amongst the golden gods?"

Ginny flushed as she shook her head. "I've dropped hints with Neville and Luna, but they didn't seem terribly interested. My year is useless, and I didn't know that many people outside of my House. The last two years at Hogwarts didn't exactly sponsor closeness with them."

"Pity," Millicent remarked. She stirred her tea, lost in thought. "What about overseas contacts? If I could bring a friend or two over, would they be listened to?"

"Only if they're experts," Draco replied, shaking his head. "So it's pretty much just us, then."

"Better that way, anyhow," Ginny murmured. She looked around. "Less chance of getting caught and accused of treason, right?"

Millicent arched an eyebrow at her and her lips curled into a sly smile. "My, my, my. Is the golden girl sneaking about like a Slyth?"

Ginny didn't bother bristling at the comment. She pushed aside whatever unease she felt at the words. Millicent didn't know her past. No one at the table did, not even Draco. They wouldn't know the dread horror that the reminders could bring, and she wasn't about to let them know. She was used to pretending it hadn't happened and sometimes could almost fool herself. "I'm being practical. If someone thinks less than highly of our little group, we'd all be in trouble. I don't fancy that happening, do you?"

"Not particularly," Millicent admitted. "I rather like being able to visit places here and not trouble myself with proof that I'm not up to no good."

"There are still places where you do," Pansy retorted. "You've just been gadding about with that brother of hers, so you've been in places on the up and up."

Draco sighed as Millicent blushed. Ginny just smiled at Millicent warmly. "Maybe you can get him to be less of a priss, then. Merlin knows poor Penelope tried her hardest while they were at school, but gave up too quick, I think. Then again, Percy has this awful tendency to feel all full of responsibility and push people away if they're interfering with that." Ginny tilted her head to the side a bit. "I don't know if her dying early on in the war made it worse or not. I didn't see him for a spell because of that prissy bit."

"I... uh... He hadn't mentioned her," Millicent stammered.

"S'alright," Ginny replied with a smile, reaching for a biscuit. "He might not for ages, if ever, so just forget I even mentioned it. It all depends if something happens or not, right?"

Millicent smiled at her gratefully, then began talking about the possibilities of buying up estates to donate to the ministry. She was the first to leave to investigate it. Draco leaned over toward Ginny. "Bravo. Skillfully played, Ginevra."

She quirked an eyebrow at Draco. "I didn't play anything. She'd just rather not discuss her love life, is all. So if finances are preferable, by all means, I'll discuss that."

Pansy snickered and reached for her purse. "Ooh, we've unleashed a monster, Draco. You've your work cut out for you, for sure." She found her flask within its charmed depths and grinned in the face of his frown. "What? I've been a good girl."

"So keep it that way," he insisted. "And what do you mean, I've got my work cut out for me?"

"Gin's going to keep you busy for a loooooooooooooong time," she sing-songed. She stuck her tongue out at Draco and put away her purse. "Here, I'll be good just to make you happy. The things I do for people I love."

Ginny smiled at her sadly. "It's true, isn't it, though? We'd sacrifice just about anything and promise just about everything to save them."

The startling clarity in Pansy's eyes was heartbreaking. "It is true, Ginny. And I hope you never really have to find out how true."

Too late, Ginny thought. Years and years too late.
***
Draco kissed Ginny as soon as he stepped out of her Floo connection, not bothering to wait for her to set it on locked. His kiss was hot and insistent, tongue sliding between her parted lips. His hands cupped her face, then one hand slid down her neck to cup a breast. His long fingers toyed with her nipple as she reached behind her to set the lock on the Floo connection, nearly falling. It would be just her luck to have one of her brothers decide they wanted to visit her on her afternoon off while she was shagging Draco Malfoy, and the world would never hear the end of it.

Ginny wound her arms around Draco, then ran her hands down his back along the curve of his bottom. One hand stayed there to cup it, the other moved to rub against the front of his pants. He groaned against her mouth, and started backing her up against the wall. The hand at her face moved down to her waist, pulling the comfortable pajama pants she was wearing at home. As the drawstring loosened a bit, Draco pushed his hand flat against the skin of her stomach and slid it beneath the waistband of the pajama pants and her panties. Growing moist, Ginny could only gasp as his fingers sought her center. His kiss was unusually demanding, and he moved against her at a quick pace. He slid one finger inside her, then two. She had to grab hold of his shoulders for balance, feeling as though her entire world was tilting off of its axis. Her body tightened around his fingers, his tongue still in her mouth and other hand still stroking her nipple. Ginny's entire universe narrowed to the sensation of his touch, then exploded in a flash point.

Barely recovered, Ginny found herself being pushed toward her couch. Draco dragged off her pajama bottoms and undid his own pants rapidly. Ginny fell to all fours next to her couch, her pajamas and panties somewhere in the vicinity of her knees. Draco fell to his knees behind her, cock erect and pressing against her damp heat. "Ah, Ginevra," he moaned, grasping at her hips. He plunged inside of her in a single thrust, one hand on her hips for balance. The other slid around to her bare stomach, stroking her skin gently. Body trembling, Ginny closed her eyes and reveled in the feel of him inside her, the building pressure and the tightening of her body around him. She was making incoherent moans, little mewling sounds that would no doubt embarrass her if she had been fully aware of them. Draco was close to collapse, leaning down over her body and increasing the weight on her knees and elbows. "Come, Ginevra," he whispered against the skin of her back. The hand at her stomach reached down for her clit, brushing over the damp curls and the sensitive nub. Ginny arched her back at the contact, her hands clenching on the carpet as she hovered close to orgasm. When it hit her, she wobbled and nearly fell to the floor in a heap of quivering flesh. Draco was the only thing that kept her upright.

Ginny curled to her side afterward and looked at Draco's intense gaze through ginger lashes. "So what brought that on?"

He touched her hip gently, and looked uncertain for a moment. "It's..." He licked his lips almost nervously, as if searching for the right words. "My mother likes you, you know. It surprised her, but she feels that for all your Gryffindor earnestness, you're a nice girl and worthy of respect. I didn't think she would ever say something nice about a Weasley, you know."

"Draco, you're avoiding the question."

He had the grace to look abashed at the comment, and met her gaze. Ginny was shocked at the pain behind them. "I don't like the interest my father has taken in you."

Ginny's brows knitted together. "But I've never met the man."

"I know. I've tried to arrange it so that you wouldn't, and Mother had been kind enough to oblige as well. And he would never show his face at public events, especially not something as important as the charity ball or meetings with officials. It bothers him, I know it does, since those officials are the contacts he helped to provide. But he's persona non grata, and he knows he would ruin whatever chances we have to make this work..."

"You're rambling," Ginny said, pushing herself up to a sitting position. She was uncomfortably sticky, but pulled her panties and pajama bottoms back on. The carpet felt awfully scratchy against her bare bottom. She took Draco's hand in hers. "Tell me what it really is, Draco. I'm not afraid of it."

"You should be," Draco murmured, voice barely above a whisper. "He... I know he's done terrible things. I'm not stupid. But he's still my father, and there's some part of me that will always want him to notice if I've done right. But this thing we're doing, the plan to change the laws? I don't like how he asks after you, the look he gets on his face. It feels like there's something more to it, something sinister." He locked eyes with Ginny. "I don't want him near you, Ginevra, but I can't even properly explain why."

Ginny took both of his hands in hers and sighed. "I know why, Draco. He wants to see if I remember, if I could be corrupted. That's what he's interested in."

Draco's startled look told Ginny more than enough about the kind of relationship Lucius had with Draco during his Hogwarts years. She had always suspected that Draco hadn't known anything about the incident with the diary. She had been able to read his subtle expressions almost right away, and there had never been any indication that she couldn't trust him, that she had to guard herself against ulterior motives. He had been a selfish prat in school, greedy for affection and fame and regard, but incapable of truly doing harm. His father, on the other hand, had no such compunctions. His father was perfectly willing to bend others to his will and to use innocents to meet his dark goals. Draco was his mother's son, not his father's.

"He probably didn't even tell you about some of the things he did as a Death Eater, did he?"

"Not really," Draco admitted. "He said some things, mostly when the others were here and he had no other choice. And Aunt Bella was... She was crazy, but I did learn a lot from her, too. The two of them got along a little too well."

Ginny pressed her lips together and tried to think about how to proceed. For all that Draco didn't agree with their methods, those two mad individuals were still family. "Well, they both liked to use other people as pawns, certainly."

Draco nodded, didn't contest it. He knew all too well the lengths to which they would go for power. He sometimes still had nightmares of Bellatrix's actions.

"When I was a first year at Hogwarts, your father thought it would be nice to use me that way. He slipped an enchanted diary into my schoolbooks." Ginny gave Draco a wilted smile. "I wound up talking to Tom Riddle that entire year."

Brows knit in concentration, Draco ultimately shook his head. "The name is familiar, but I couldn't tell you why."

"It's Voldemort's name when he was still a boy at Hogwarts. He was already well on the road to making himself a Dark Lord then."

Draco quietly squeezed her hands as he took in the calm, steady words. "You think my father would do something like this again?"

"I wouldn't put it past him," Ginny replied simply. "I don't trust him. Your mother wouldn't do any such things. She cares too much about children and society to break it that way. Your father only truly cares about himself."

He sat there beside her, lost in his thoughts. She wasn't inaccurate, for all that she didn't know his family well. Draco wanted to deny it, to say that there were good things about his father that she didn't know, that he had the capacity to be a loving father. The words died on his lips unsaid. He had set a punishing pace to perfection, and the vague feelings Draco had around Lucius now still carried more guilt than love. I'm not a good enough son, he would think all too often while growing up. If only I was good enough to make him happy. If only I could please him, he would stop looking so angry. Only, nothing ever seemed to give that satisfied smirk other than making fun of Harry Potter or his friends, of childish pranks that got Gryffindor house points docked. His grades weren't high enough, his flying skills weren't good enough, his hexes weren't powerful enough. While Draco knew his father was simply pushing him to be better than he was, so that he could be a proper Malfoy, some part of him resented it. Why aren't I good enough as I am? If Ginevra cares about me as I am, why can't he?

But then, she's a Weasley, Lucius was bound to reply. Her judgment isn't sound.

By now, Draco was an adult. He could think for himself, and he knew for a fact that Ginny had sound instincts and a sharp mind when she put effort into it. The fact that she was a Weasley didn't automatically make her deficient in some way.

"I'm sorry," Ginny whispered, pulling Draco into her arms. "I shouldn't have said it like that."

"I notice you're not taking it back," he replied wryly, settling into her embrace.

"I'm calling it as I see it," Ginny retorted playfully. "How you managed to turn out well is a mystery to me."

"I could say the same about you and your awful Weasley hair."

"Pft. That was a lame attempt, Draco. You've done better."

"My heart's not in it," he replied honestly. He pressed his face against her neck. "I don't want him hurting you," he told her. "I don't want him to destroy you." I don't want him to break your spirit and take away the thing I love about you, he wanted to say, but he didn't have the nerve to push the words out. What if she didn't share the feeling? It felt intense, almost overwhelming to him. He would shut her up in a glass jar to keep her safe if he could, to make sure that his father could never harm her. He would beg her to quit Quidditch and stay locked away if it would keep the possibility of damage at bay. The protective urge was familiar; he always wanted to protect the ones he loved. The intensity of the emotion was unnerving, and it felt almost as if he could teeter over the edge and lose control.

Ginny's embrace was comforting. "You'll be here with me," she murmured. "And I'll be careful, you know. I don't want him near me any more than you do."

"You got over that dark magic, though," Draco said, an edge of hope in his voice.

Only just, Ginny thought darkly. And sometimes I'm not so sure. She tried to smile instead, and smoothed Draco's hair against the back of his skull. "I'm here in one piece and I'm doing exactly what I want to be doing."

"That's not exactly reassuring, Ginevra."

She sighed. "Some things mark you," she said simply, shrugging. Draco pulled back and searched her face anxiously. "It didn't make me evil, but it made me aware what evil is. It's... a sense, I guess. A feeling. That's what's left of it now."

He nodded, able to accept the feeble explanation. "That makes sense."

"Really? I don't think my family would think so."

"They haven't seen it for themselves, have they?" he asked. The astute question was almost startling in its accuracy, and Ginny shook her head. "That's why."

"What a pair we are," Ginny murmured, her lips curling into a smile.

"I wish more people knew," Draco replied softly. "But we can't. I'd ruin you. Everyone would think you're a tart or worse."

Ginny snickered. "I already think I'm a tart."

Draco laughed and swatted her arm playfully. "As if you'd throw yourself at just anyone."

"There now, there's the ego I'm used to."

They laughed together, then settled into each other's arms against her couch. "Honestly, though, be careful of him. He looks like he's plotting something every time he asks about you."

Ginny snuggled closer to him. "Probably hoping he can use me to resurrect the bastard," she guessed. "I will keep as far away from him as possible, don't you worry about that."

"I can't help it," Draco murmured. "I worry anyway."

"I've noticed. The real thing you need to be worrying about, though? However are we going to get Minister Howe away from Minister Fragglethorpe? There's no way Fragglethorpe will ever consider loosening the discriminatory laws against former Death Eaters, but Howe is more moderate if he's on his own."

Draco suppressed a laugh. That was just like her. She would push away whatever concerns she deemed to be insignificant to focus on the bigger picture. At the moment, she wanted to target the outright discrimination of former Death Eaters and Slytherins who never joined up. While the charity could garner good press and the financial strictures could be loosened, Ginny's ultimate goal was to have all wizards and witches be treated equal, regardless of bloodline or past history during the war. Draco wanted to tell her it was an impossible dream, but her cheeks grew rosy and her eyes sparkled deliciously when she talked about it.

"You do realize we may have to hold another ball, right? You might be able to grab Howe in a waltz and talk to him then, like you did for the Minister of Magic."

Ginny groaned. "You think it was a coup, too, don't you?"

"I think it's a stroke of incredible good luck," Draco hedged. "It gave an awful lot of cachet to Mother's charity and it looks like the Ministry approves of her efforts. It's a social issue, really. It doesn't help legislation yet."

"Exactly! Pansy only seems to think of society."

"Well, you want that, too. We'll need both if we're going to reach this ideal you talk about."

"Humph. It wasn't my idea. It was the Prophet and the Wireless and every politician just after the war ended. It was all their promises of a better world, a safer place to live and no fears to speak of. They promised everything and all we have are scraps of that picture they painted. It's just awful that so many people are content with what little we have."

"Sometimes it's more than they hoped for."

"Stingy, foolish misers," Ginny replied, snuggling closer to Draco. "Why shouldn't they want everything? We certainly deserve it."

Draco dropped a kiss on top of her head and wrapped an arm around her shoulders. While he wasn't certain that all of the free Death Eaters were truly repentant, he understood the point of her efforts. He could certainly stand a little less speculation if he was going to a club at night or meeting with friends from school.

And most importantly, he wanted to be able to be with Ginny without sneaking around, without risking censure. Suddenly, it didn't seem like too much to ask.

"We'll keep at it," he promised her. "We've got a little time before the fall Season opens and the legislature resumes. We can lay the groundwork."

"When it's done, I want to dance with you in public," Ginny murmured, looking up at him with an earnest expression. "I want to show everyone what a gentleman you can really be, how caring you really are."

Draco smiled at her, a rueful twist to his lips. "No one wants to know that."

"I do. And I want it known that the Prophet was unnecessarily cruel in how it painted you."

"Maybe not unnecessarily," Draco replied. "I didn't treat those girls nicely."

"They were silly cows, weren't they?" Ginny pointed out. "Anyone with any kind of sense could see that you weren't serious about them."

"And you? What if I'm not serious about you?" he teased.

Ginny snorted. "I can read you, Draco. And even if I couldn't, I think Pansy would slit your throat if you ever treated me so shabbily." She smiled sweetly at Draco's shocked expression. "She thinks we're good for each other. She even thinks that when she's sober. And you know what? I do think she's right."

Draco looked thoughtful. "She always was perceptive."

"And she's a good friend." Ginny touched Draco's lips gently. "Stop worrying about me, Draco. You've got me so well protected it's laughable. Good for you that I'm used to it, having had six brothers do that for me." Her face clouded over somewhat. "Five, now."

He caught her hand in his. "We'll make it work out."

Her confident smile matched his. "Of course we will. No one else is getting their hands on you but me, understood?"

Draco laughed at her possessive streak. "Only children don't share, Ginevra."

Her sensual smile took his breath away. "Good."

There was no more talking for the rest of the afternoon.
***
***