Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 18/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
scot25 prompt : Purple
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?
Graphics: All pictures for this fic were created by the amazingly talented - thank you so much darling, for everything xx

A/N: With huge thanks to my regular first readers – you know who you are – who help me with my SoCal Xander, encourage me to be as evil as Lola wants me to be, and as smutty as Lila can get! Looking forward to your responses to my following fics : Arresting Misconceptions and a collaboration with - love you guys! 

It was without doubt the strangest family portrait he had ever done. Okay, so he was fresh out of art school but still.

The father figure was extremely handsome – tall, dark and big, very protective of the other two. It was obvious how much he loved them – his eyes softened when he watched them, but when he looked straight at Jez, the eyes were no longer soft. They were piercing like eagle's eyes – searching for weakness. He looked like he could torture you with a smile on his face but something about him said he'd been there, done that. His name suited him – when he looked at his lovers there was something angelic about the smile that curved his beautiful mouth. The rest of the time, he looked like some dark avenging angel and Jez would hate to be the one at the wrong end of his wrath.

The blond one scared him slightly, even while he was drawn to him. Something about the lean muscular body, the amazing cheekbones that had taken him an age to only almost get right, and those burning blue eyes. There were times when those eyes seemed to glow golden, and he looked like he would eat you alive. Of course, you'd be begging and saying yes please the whole time he was eating you, but Jez wouldn't want to meet him on a dark night in LA.

He admitted to a soft spot for the youngest one. Shaggy haired with a blinding smile, but sometimes the hazel eyes looked so sad. The other two smothered him with affection – kisses, hugs, tickles – and his laughter rang out through many a session while they posed for him. Judging by the fact that some of the pillows from the first session had been replaced, he got the feeling they had enjoyed themselves on those pillows after he left, and he admitted to a pang of jealousy. Not to join in – they were so close there wasn't room for anyone else. But to even witness it – the three of them together. Yeah, that would feed a few fantasies and no mistake.

They loved the finished portrait fortunately and the payment had been generous in the extreme. He also thought they might have something to do with the patronage award he had just received – he had never even heard of The Rosenberg Arts and Crafts sponsorship but it was going to make a huge difference to his life. He had a showing scheduled at a local gallery already, and the owner had let slip that these three had 'arranged' things for other artists. Yes, he had been most fortunate and he was grateful. Packing up his gear, Jez took one last look at the room they had converted into a giant bedroom – the bed alone could sleep five people with room to spare. If the walls could talk, they would make a fortune. And his work was taking pride of place on this bedroom wall. He would do them, and whoever Rosenberg was, proud.