Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Nine: The Maid's Passion Unleashed
Summary: Lance's maids unleash thier passion on the Imrpisoned.
Keywords: mF Ff fsolo FF mFf mc inc oral creampie anal rim A2M exhib voy lac viol

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Lance Hayward

My aunt straddled my waist. Her round breasts swayed before me. Her strawberry-blonde hair fell in tousled waves around her lovely face. She looked almost like my mother. Almost. My Auntie-Maid had this wondrous smile. This naughty gleam in her blue eyes.

You need to have your mind taken off of it, she cooed, her shaved pussy and pierced clit rubbing against my dick in this enticing fashion. She'll be just fine. She's a smart woman, right?

Yeah, I said. She has the Scientist-Maid Garter. She's my Teacher-Maid. She's smart.

Mmm, that's right, cooed my aunt. She had this dominating gleam in her eyes, this certainty born of strength. So just relax, Master Lance. Just relax and let your auntie's naughty pussy make you feel amazing. You're so important, after all. You need your maids to take care of you.

The folds of her pussy engulfed the tip of my dick. I groaned as that hot snatch sank down my dick. My aunt took more and more of my cock. She swallowed inch after inch of my dick. It was a fantastic delight. I shuddered as she swallowed my cock, watching as she devoured  every inch of me slowly. She took her time.

I grabbed her rump. I squeezed my aunt's plump ass as she bottomed out on me. She shuddered as she took every inch of my dick. She had swallowed all of me. My naughty Auntie-Maid. Her warm, succulent pussy gripped me. 

She felt so much like my mother's cunt around me.

Fuck, I groaned, savoring that warmth about me. The incestuous thrill of another woman in my family enjoying my dick.

That's right, she purred, squeezing her cunt around my cock and sliding up me. Just enjoy.

I shuddered at how amazing it felt to have her cunt sliding up my dick. She massaged me with that wondrous snatch. She plunged back down me. She took my dick to the hilt with her hot, silky snatch. I groaned as she did that. I reveled in it. I savored her riding me.

She squeezed her twat around my dick as she slid up me. Her round boobs jiggled before me. She groaned as I squeezed her rump. Her pussy worked up and down my cock. Her clit piercing gleamed, nestled amid her folds.

Shit, I groaned. That's it. That's my Auntie-Maid's pussy! That's her job!

Mmm, it is, she cooed. Oh, Master Lance, I love this dick. Yes, yes, just let me relax you!

The others were kissing. Loving each other. I enjoyed this moment so much. I savored my aunt's hot cunt riding me. She massaged me with her twat, driving me wild. It was an awesome delight to have her wet snatch working up and down me.

I massaged her rump, squeezing her as the pressure in my nuts increased. The need to cum built and built as she rode me. She worked that cunt faster and faster. Her hot snatch slid up me and plunged back down me.

She purred as she rode me. Her strawberry-blonde hair swayed about her face twisting in delight. She loved my dick. My aunt enjoyed riding my cock as much as I savored her working her pussy up and down my cock. 

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. That's it!

Ooh, you love your Auntie-Maid riding dick? she purred. Does Master Lance love his Auntie-Maid's hot cunt squeezing about his dick?

Fuck, yes, I groaned, her pussy gripping about me.

That's right, whimpered Bella. My Maid-Wife had my mother licking at her pussy. She squirmed nearby. Oh, Master, honey, enjoy your auntie's cunt. Ooh, she loves you like I do!

Yes! whimpered my little sister as she masturbated. She thrust her fingers in and out of her cunt. Ooh, ooh, that's so hot! Ride him, Auntie Nancy!

Always! groaned my aunt. She squeezed her cunt around my cock, her back arching. Her round tits jiggled before me as she plunged down my dick. She took every inch of my rod. Oh, yes, yes, always!

She rode me as fast as she could, her rump flexing beneath my hands. Her hot cunt worked up and down me. It was an incredible rush to have her massaging me like this. I groaned, my toes curling as she worked up and down me. The couch groaned beneath me.

I leaned forward and latched onto one of her pink nipples. I suckled on her nub. She moaned, her hand sliding through my hair. My aunt held me to her nipple, her cunt squeezing about my hard dick. Her hot flesh worked up and down me.

Yes, yes, yes, Master Lance, she moaned. Oh, that's it. Mmm, your Auntie-Maid will take care of you. Just cum in me!

Oh, cum in her, Master, whimpered my wife. Yes, yes, just cum in her. That'll be so hot and... Mommy, that's so delicious. Keep eating my pussy! Ooh, I love that you're my mommy now!

My darling daughter-in-law, moaned Mom. Yes, yes, you're my sexy daughter. I love my daughters.

Big time! Kylie squealed. Oh, Master Big Bro, yes, yes, Mommy loves us both!

She's loving my pussy! gasped Bella. Oh, my god, Master Lance, she's got her tongue swirling around in my snatch. Oh, yes, yes, yes, that's so good. I'm going to cum and drown you in my pussy cream!

I loved hearing that as I suckled on my aunt's nipple. I moaned around her nub as her pussy impaled down my cunt. She squeezed me as she slid back up. My balls tensed, brimming with all the cum that I would flood her cunt with.

I would pump her full of all my jizz. My incestuous seed would fire into her cunt. I would hose her down. Just flood her with all the spunk that I had. It would be incredible to have her writhing around me, milking my cock as I erupted.

Shit, that would be so awesome. I wanted that.

My fingers gripped her rump as she worked that hot cunt up and down me. She moaned louder and louder. Her hips rotated from side to side. She stirred her twat around me as she rode me. She gasped as she plunged down me.

Master-Nephew! she squealed as her pussy went wild around my cock. Yes!

Her cunt convulsed around me. The massaging suction of her cunt rippled around my dick. I groaned at how amazing it felt. The pleasure surged up to the tip of my dick. I ripped my mouth off her nub and shuddered at the delight of her cunt sucking at me.

Shit, Aunt Nancy! I gasped and erupted.

I fired my cum into my Auntie-Maid's snatch. I flooded her with my jizz. It was an incredible rush. An absolute delight to have her cunt rippling around me. She spasmed with such hunger. It was incredible to have her suckling at me like that. My face twisted with delight.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, shit! Oh, fucking shit!

I shuddered as her snatch rippled around my erupting cock. I spurted my cum into her twat. I fired blast after blast of my seed into her. Her hot flesh suckled at me as the rapture shot through my body. It was an incredible rush to have her snatch nursing at my dick. 

I groaned, my face twisting with the delight of this moment. With the passion of her snatch suckling at my dick. My nuts emptied my jizz into her cunt. She moaned, her head tossing as I pumped her full of my seed.

Master Lance! she moaned, her hot twat milking my cock.

Fuck! I groaned as I fired the last of my spunk into her twat. Shit, that was good.

Yes, it was, she moaned.

Mommy! Bella squealed. Oh, yes, yes, Mommy! Drink my pussy cream!

Kylie whimpered as she trembled through her orgasm, too. I watched her shuddering, her small tits quivering. Bella groaned, her curly, brown hair dancing around her head as she trembled through her orgasm. She held my mom's face to her pussy, gripping fistfuls of blonde hair.

Mmm, yes, yes, Aunt Nancy moaned. My dominating maid slid her pussy off me. She stood, my cum already dripping out of her shaved pussy. Her juices gleamed on her clit piercing. Kylie, get your cute rump over here and lick my

Master Hayward, your maid has arrived, Cali said, pushing off from the wall where she had just watched. Her purple eyes met mine. I suggest we greet her together.

Right, right, I said.

Okay, Bella said, letting go of my mom's blonde hair and standing. This serious look crossed my Maid-Wife's face. I'll go first.

Cali nodded and motioned towards the door.

I groaned and stood, too, not bothering to dress. Bella's naked rump led the way through the living room. My other maids, Cali included, fell in around me as Bella opened the door to the antechamber. The purple seal glowed on the door that led into the rest of the manor.

Kylie took my hand and squeezed it. My Sister-Maid trembled there. She was my virgin maid. My pure one, I supposed. But she was also the youngest. Fourteen. I smiled at her as Bella opened the door onto the dark hallway.

Bella moved down the hallway. She looked cautious, her head moving, but her steps were confident. I followed after, holding Kylie's hand. My aunt fell in on my right side with Mom and Cali following at the rear. 

My gaze flicked to the picture of that disgusting cat. The Gizzamuluke was in his painting. I could feel the creature staring at us. I could feel all the denizens in the paintings and statues and tapestries staring at us.

...first imprisoned...

The whisper caused us all to freeze. Bella snapped her head around as I asked, What was that?
Ignore the Imprisoned, Cali said, her voice stern. Your guest is here. We cannot have her wandering the halls alone and unprepared.

Right, right, I said. Bella.

She nodded and headed on, reaching the stairs a moment later. In a painting on the wall by it, a figure burst out of it. I gasped as the shadowy form of one of the Imprisoned rushed at Bella. He held a long and bloody knife, a smile splitting his lips. 

He cackled as he slashed at Bella, Little maids. Fresh blood. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

I opened the front door to Hayward Manor. It creaked. I swallowed as I stood there naked. I hadn't been given my proper attire. I had to wear my maid's uniform or nothing at all save the light-blue garter on my thigh.

I was Master Lance's maid. His wise teacher's maid. And he needed me. This was his home. It was my home now. I stepped inside, staring at the dark foyer before me. I swallowed, clutching my suitcase in my hand.

Hello? I called. Master Lance?

This house... hated me. I could feel the malevolence bleeding out of every shadow. It whispered at me from the corner of my eye. I felt a presence. Alien. Eldritch. As if some chthonic horror had risen from the bowels of the earth to inhabit this house.

Master Lance? I called again. I took a step forward, my heart racing.

A low, menacing growl rumbled out of the dark. 

I swallowed, my entire body stiffening. Fear's slimy hand squeezed about me. A bead of sweat broke out on my forehead and trickled down to my eyebrow. My head turned to my right to something on the wall. A gilded frame about a portal of darkness.

A painting of madness from which leaped a snarling shape. It growled with the fury of a demonic hound. Its body large and dark. Eyes glowed with green hunger. A tongue licked at jowls while dark spittle splashed on the floor.

Terror crushed my thoughts.

Screaming, I ran to my left towards an open door that led to a hallway.

The dog howled and chased, baying with the thrill of the hunt.

Fresh pussy! it growled. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Miles

The Ripper! Cali hissed as the knife-wielding shadow rushed at me. 

I fell into a fighting stance and held my left armor out before me. My garter throbbed with a stable pulse. My feet flexed on the hardwood floors. They felt strong beneath me. As if I stood on powerful foundations. I had solid footing. Nothing could harm me.

A shield of rock appeared on my arm a moment before the knife ripped into me. 

CLANG!

The knife struck the shield and scratched along it. The man hissed. My Master-Husband was feet away and in danger. I shouted and rushed forward, using my shield as a battering ram and slamming it into the Ripper.

Mewling quim! cackled the Ripper. He had a high-pitched voice that grated on my ears like fingernails scratching down a chalkboard.

He flowed to the right, darting around my shield, his body almost rubbery. He thrust at me, a blurring lunge that would take me in the heart even as a fiery light flared behind me. Something hot flashed by my side and struck the wrist.

The ripper hissed as a flaming whip seized his wrist and yanked his attack to the side. Aunt Nancy stepped up beside me, holding the other end of the lash, the Ripper pulling at it to free his wrist. Smoke burned as flesh sizzled.

What delightful cunts! laughed the Ripper, the fire gleaming in his mad eyes. His too-large smile spread even bigger, almost consuming his face. His rotted teeth dripped with saliva.

He lunged for me to bite.

A torrent of water slammed into him. NOOOOO!

Kylie stepped up on my other side, her hands pressed together. The water gushed out of her hands and swept the ripper off his feet. He landed, thrashing on the ground. He spluttered as her purity washed over him.

He struggled to stand beneath the deluge. I stood ready, my shield held before me. My Master-Husband pushed up between Aunt Nancy and me. I gasped in shock as he moved up before the creature, staring down at it struggling to stand.

Wait! I gasped as the Ripper pushed himself up into Kylie's torrent, staring at Lance with such hatred in his eyes. I would not let him hurt my husband.

This is my house! roared Lance. Golden energy burst in his hand. A spear blazed to life, the brilliance illuminating the corridor. Hisses of pain echoed around us. A statue flinched. 

Lance hurled the spear at the Ripper struggling to stand. The golden spear ripped through the deranged entity's abdomen and spiked him to the ground. The Ripper cackled with mad delight. He writhed as the golden light spilled from the spear and engulfed him. It became a hand that lifted the entity and dragged him towards his panting.

He thrashed, his knife slicing at Lance.

No! I jumped between them, blocking with my shield.

The Light ripped him past me and towards the panting. My mother-in-law watched on with arms folded beneath her breasts. The golden light spilled over her. Cali raised a hand to ward against its brilliance. The light slammed the entity back into his painting.

Darkness fell back down on the hallway. But it wasn't as thick. It was... a normal darkness, not the gloom of the Imprisoned. No whispers or mutters came from the other paintings now. They had seen the Master of Hayward Manor.

From downstairs, a dog howled.

Hagazim is loose! Cali cried. 

My Master-Husband rushed down the stairs. I chased after. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

I ran blindly down the hallway, screaming in terror. I tripped over something slimy. I gasped and crashed onto my hands and knees. I rolled over, pain bursting from my palms. I came to a rest and faced the darkness.

The hungry, green eyes stalked closer. The beast growled, almost a part of the night. I could hardly make it out. Claws scraped on the hardwood floor. It howled loud and lunged at me. I screamed and swept my arm before me to block it.

My garter pulsed around my thigh. A wind shot down the hallway from me. To my shock, it struck the leaping beast and blunted its motion. It landed short of, snarling in rage. It was only feet away. I scrambled back.

It lunged.

Teeth bit into my calf. I screamed as the pain tore into my muscles. My head threw back. A dozen cold daggers pierced my flesh. I whimpered as it tore at me, shaking my leg. The agony shot up my leg, almost overwhelming me.

I made that wind. I had to do that. I slashed my arm. Wind struck the beast. It washed over the shadowy beast as it kept savaging me. I screamed and swung my hand back and forth, the wind howling down the hallway.

It didn't care. It kept savaging my leg, tearing at my muscles. Tears burned in my eyes. Help!

I was alone. Helpless. Where was my Master? Where was Lance? This was his home? Why had this darkness attacked me? I struggled there, tears spilling down my cheeks. I didn't want to die. I wanted to serve him.

NOOOOO! roared behind the beast.

Golden light flared, illuminating Master Lance. My student stood strong and powerful, holding a glowing spear raised to throw. For a moment, I just drank in his form. His muscular chest. Biceps bulging. Such passion burned in his blue eyes. Across his chiseled face. Like a hero out of a Greek epic.

Achilles or Ajax come to save the day.

His spear slammed into the shadowy dog's side. It snarled in pain, releasing my leg as a light burst from the weapon impaled in its hide. I could see its foul form. It was a massive hound, its body was swollen and disfigured. Made of black, leathery shadows, its flesh distorted around the spear. Waves washed across its body.

The beast turned, the spear blazing in its side, and lunged for Lance.

Bella darted before him, naked and unafraid. She raised her arm. A stone shield on it. The beast slammed into her defense. She slid back an inch. She held her ground, leaning into it. The black dog snarled and slashed claws, trying to tear through the defense to get to her. 

Oh, no, a busty woman cried. She rushed past the battle, her blonde hair dancing around her face. She had a silver garter that glowed about her thigh. You poor thing.

She dropped to her knees beside me and leaned over. She thrust her arm beneath my neck and raised my head to her... nipple. Milk beaded on the nub. She pushed it into my mouth. I gasped at the sweetness of her cream.

I suckled out of instinct.

Her milk gushed into my mouth. I groaned and gulped it down. It was so... relaxing. The pain in my leg faded. I groaned, closing my eye. My fear faded as I kept nursing from her comforting nipple. I suckled on her with everything that I had. I drank down her milk.

Flames crackled in the background. A whip cracked. The beast snarled. Golden light flashed as I just kept gulping down the milk. It was such a wonderful treat. I swallowed every drop of it, loving the taste of her breast milk.

Purple light burst.

BACK INTO YOUR CAGE! a woman shouted. The house shook around me. Wood creak. The floor groaned beneath me. NOW!

THIS IS MY HOUSE! roared Lance.

The dog howled in rage only to be cut off. Golden and purple light danced. Claws scrabbled across the floor. I shuddered, nursing more of the milk. The pain had vanished from my leg. It felt... whole. Like I hadn't been injured at all.

That's it, purred the motherly woman. Her blue eyes were like Lance's, but where his were strong, hers were loving.

What is going on, Master Lance? a woman demanded as I suckled more of the milk.

That's why we're here, Aunt Nancy Lance said, his voice so strong. So powerful. To keep the Imprisoned sealed away.

There you go, the motherly woman said and pulled her breast back from my lip. 

I shuddered and stared up at Lance moving over me. He was naked. A maid was at his side, her uniform rustling. A busty woman like me. She wore a golden garter about her thigh, her purple eyes almost glowing in the dark as she stared down at me. 

You okay, Ms. Docea? Master asked, thrusting his hand down to help me stand.

Yes, I said, my body shaking. It's over?

The Hagazim has been driven back into his prison, said the purple-eyed maid. The other Imprisoned are... not active.

Can you stand? Master asked as I reached out to take his hand.

I took it and nodded. 

He pulled me to my feet. I should be unable to, but the woman's milk healed me. I licked my lips and glanced at her. She smiled at me, clearly another of his maids. She looked like a more mature version of Kylie.

Mrs. Hayward? I asked her, trembling.

You can call me Maria, she said. That's my sister, Nancy.

The slightly younger woman nodded. She had strawberry-blonde hair and a red garter about her thigh. And was that gold glittering in the folds of her pussy? Did she have her clit pierced? Oh, my, that had to hurt so much.

This is Cali, Lance said, motioning to the purple-eyed maid. She's the... expert on what is going on here.

I am bound to the Hayward line, she said. I serve the Master of Hayward Manor and help him keep the Imprisoned under control. Come. The night is no place to be wandering the halls.

My cheeks burned. I... I'm sorry. I thought I knew how to get out here. I got lost. I tried to be here before nightfall, Master.

It's okay, Master Hayward said. He put his arm around my waist. Let's get you up to our living area. It's much nicer there than here. We can relax there.

Yes, said Cali. Her eyes slid along the macabre paintings on the wall. She turned and marched down the hallway, passing Bella and Kylie. They were naked, too, save for their garters. 

Lance helped me down the hallway. Kylie grabbed my suitcase. I noticed the painting of the dog that had attacked me. The green eyes stared at me from it. I shuddered and realized all the disturbing portraits had... entities in them.

I shuddered and was glad to head up the grand staircase. It bypassed the second floor and took us up to the third. Kylie stuck out her tongue at a painting of a man with a grotesque smile and a bloody knife. I swallowed, my eyes flicking around at the portraits. 

One of a misshapen cat caused my blood to run cold.

So basically, we have to keep the Imprisoned in check, Lance said. The maids do that by cleaning the portraits, statues, and tapestries. It maintains the magic, I suppose.

Yes, Cali said. It is vital for the security of your world that the Imprisoned are never released. She reached the door at the end of the hallway and opened it. This is our living quarters. The doors that line this hallway are for the junior maids. Recruiting them is the responsibility of you five. I think you already are evaluating others on who would make the appropriate servants for Master Hayward and to handle your various duties.

Which are? I asked.

You hold what I have called the Scientist-Maid Garter. In past, it has held the title of Tutor, Philosopher, and even Wizard. You are in charge of the household finances and in researching the esoteric means by which the Imprisoned are trapped. To devise new prisons. To seek out where their dark brethren might lurk in the world.

Oh, I said, swallowing. All of that.

That's why you need help, Cali said, motioning us to enter an antechamber. An open door beyond shown with such bright light. 

That led into a living room/kitchen. Maria headed for the kitchen, saying, I need to make us dinner.

Right, right, I said. I wanted to know more. I glanced back at Cali securing the door to the mansion. A purple seal glowed on it. That was important.

I'm so glad you're here, Lance said. My five chosen maids altogether. It feels important. Momentous, even. The first steps to putting right this manor.

Indeed, Master Hayward, Cali said. She moved off and leaned against the wall, staring at the living room. Remote. She almost didn't move. A statute watching us.

Come on, Lance said, hugging me from behind. I want to feel your tight asshole around my cock.

I smiled. Of course, Master. It brought me such joy that he wanted me. I'm your Teacher-Maid. Whatever you need, I'm eager to provide.

Lance pulled me to the couch and drew me down as he sat down. His hard cock slipped between my butt-crack. I squeezed my asscheeks around his thick shaft. He throbbed. I quivered, looking around the living room that would be my new home. It was cozy.

I pictured it full of maids. They had their own room, but they would move through here, wouldn't they? In fact, I couldn't help but notice that there was a hidden door in the wall by where Cali leaned. Did that lead to a servant's passageway? It could run behind the maid rooms and allow them to move about the living area without stepping foot into the dark hallway. I imagined that would be useful. 

These old manors had servant hallways. I knew that much. There was so much to explore here. My butt-cheeks clenched about my master's cock as I squirmed here, so eager to learn it all. So ready to explore all it had to offer.

But first, I had to put Master's cock into my asshole. I rose from his lap and reached between my thighs. I grabbed his dick and lifted him vertically. I pushed his tip into my crevice and slid him down to my sphincter.

Mmm, there we go, I cooed and sank my weight down on him.

Damn, he groaned as I did that. My asshole pushed on him. My anal stretched and stretched to swallow his cock. That's it. Work that asshole down my cock, Ms. Docea.

Yes, Master Hayward, I groaned. 

I pushed harder and harder then gasped as my asshole swallowed the tip of his cock. I sank my bowels down his dick. He groaned, his hands sliding around my body to grip my breasts. He squeezed them as I devoured more and more of his dick.

I sank down him until my asshole had swallowed every inch of him. My butt-cheeks rested on his thighs. He groaned as he savored my tight bowels around his dick. A hot shiver ran through me. It was incredible to sit on him like this.

Mmm, that's wondrous, Master Hayward, I groaned, my eyes flicking to his little sister. She bit her lower lip as she watched. Would you mind if I had Miss Kylie lick my pussy, Master?

Oh, I would love to! Kylie said, her black pigtails falling around her cute face and draped over her small breasts.

Of course, groaned Master. You can enjoy any of the maids. You're all here to serve and love me. Enjoy yourselves.

Yes, please, said Bella. Mother, let me help you in the kitchen. A wife needs to be able to cook for her husband.

Of course, Maria said.

I shuddered as Bella rushed off to help cook. I just savored having that wonderful dick in my asshole. Kylie moved toward me and dropped between my thighs. I grabbed her pigtails, loving the feel of her silky hair draped over my legs.

I pulled on her and pressed her face into my pussy. She nuzzled right into my shaved flesh and licked at me. I gasped, my asshole clenching down on Master's dick. His little sister's tongue flicked through my folds. She flicked my clit.

I gasped, squirming on Master's big dick. I loved him being impaled so deeply into my bowels. I squeezed and relaxed on him as Kylie lapped at me. She licked at my cunt with hunger. She dragged her tongue through my folds and drove me wild.

I shuddered, my breasts jiggling. She licked and lapped at me with all the hunger that I could love. It was a fantastic thrill to have her tonguing me. She stroked through my flesh. I shuddered on her, my face contorting with delight.

Damn, groaned Master Hayward. Oh, damn, that asshole, Ms. Docea!

Mmm, you like my tight asshole clenching on you? I moaned, pleasure rippling through me from Kylie's tongue.

Yes! he groaned. 

Just squirm on him while I make you cum, Ms. Docea, Kylie cooed. That will make my big brother cum in your butt. Ooh, he'll love it!

I nodded in agreement and groaned as she lapped at my pussy again. His tongue stroked through my folds and brushed my clit. I groaned, my asshole clamping down hard on my Master's cock. I loved being his Teacher-Maid. It was just such a thrill to squirm on him.

Kylie licked with hunger on my cunt. She lapped with such passion at my snatch, which made me squirm more and more. I massaged our Master's dick with my asshole. She helped me pleasure him with her every stroke of her tongue from my taint to my clit.

She thrust her tongue into my pussy and wiggled it around. I gasped, pulling on her pigtails. I held onto her those handlebars, grinding my pussy into her face as the pleasure spilled over me. I shuddered, my asshole shifting around Master's cock.

That's it, he groaned, his hands kneading my big boobs. He squeezed them as I whimpered. I loved this so much. It was an incredible delight to have him tonguing me. He licked me with such passion. Oh, my god, that's great. That's just fantastic.

Good, I moaned. Oh, that's amazing, Master Hayward. I'll make you cum with my asshole. I promise it!

Yep! Kylie squealed and thrust her tongue back into my snatch. She swirled it about in me.
I quivered, loving her tongue dancing around in my snatch. She drove me wild. My face contorted with the delight of her doing that. I squirmed on Master's cock, stirring my bowels around him. H groaned, kneading my tits.

He kissed at my neck. I loved the feel of his strong lips doing that. His stubble rasped across my skin. I groaned, squeezing my bowels on my Master. My student had tamed me. Made me his. I had to pleasure him.

I ached to pleasure him. I felt so fulfilled, and not just because his dick filled my asshole. This was my purpose. Why I was born. I existed to serve him. It was all so clear to me as his little sister swirled her tongue around in my cunt.

Yes, I breached, clenching and relaxing my bowels around his dick. Oh, that's so good. That's just amazing. Yes, yes, I love that!

Good, he growled, his fingers twisting my nipples. I want to feel you quivering around my cock. Just like that. Damn, that's good. That's amazing. Shit, yes.

Pleasure shot down to my cunt being licked by his little sister's naughty tongue. She stroked up to my clit. She brushed the bud. I gasped as she did that. My face twisted with the delight of her caressing my pearl. she buffed it.

I squeezed my bowels on his dick. He pinched my nipples as his little sister suckled on my clit. I pulled on her pigtails. I quivered as she nursed on me with hunger. I gasped as she did that. My boobs quivered. My orgasm built and built in me.

Oh, I'm going to cum, Master! I groaned.

Good, he panted. I want to feel that asshole going wild around my dick. Shit!

I loved hearing at that as Kylie suckled on my clit. Her lips massaged my bud. I quivered at how amazing that felt. I trembled, my heart pounding in my chest. I arched my back into his chest. I loved the feel of how strong he was.

Master, I whimpered, so close to just bursting. So close to erupting on him. Oh, my god, that's so good. Oh, Master, your little sister is driving me wild. Miss Kylie! Miss Kylie, yes!

I climaxed.

My bowels spasmed around Master's cock as my pussy juices gushed out of my cunt and bathed the cutie's face. She moaned in delight, licking up my cream as I bucked on Master's throbbing dick. Ecstasy gushed through me.

Master Hayward! I squealed, his fingers twisting my nipples. Cum in me! Please, please, cum in me! I need to satiate you!

Fuck, yes, Ms. Docea! my wonderful owner groaned. His cock erupted.

I gasped as his hot cum spurted into my bowels. It held power. My garter throbbed on my thigh as all his passion pumped into me. His virility filled me. The power of the Master of Hayward Manor flooded my writhing asshole. My body.

I groaned, Kylie lapping at my cunt as I shuddered through this majestic pleasure. It was an incredible rush to have all this passion erupting into me. I savored every moment of it. I loved every second of his cock erupting into me.

He pumped my bowels full of his cum. He flooded me with every drop of his jizz. It was a magnificent moment. A wondrous pleasure to have that bliss gushing into me. I savored it as I quivered here. I trembled through this passion, loving every moment of this heat gushing through me. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned as my bowels wrung Master's cock dry. Oh, give it all to me!

Yes! he growled, his fingers twisting my nipples. Damn!

Kylie fluttered her tongue up and down my slit as my orgasm rushed through me. My mind drowned in ecstasy. I shuddered, my eyes squeezing shut as I loved this pleasure. It was an outstanding delight to milk his dick dry.

His cock spurted one last time. I groaned and leaned into his chest. I panted, feeling so good. Kylie's tongue stroked over my clit. I shuddered, clenching my cum-filled bowels around my Master's dick. I smiled. This felt so right. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Ms. Docea slid her asshole off my cock. I shuddered at that. Bella and Mom were in the kitchen cooking dinner. My stomach rumbled. I loved this so much. It was so hot to have my maids serving me. Cali watched, her purple eyes viewing us.

She wasn't picked by me. She felt... different from the other maids. Beautiful and remote, a statue to be admired more than a doll to be played with. Not that my maids were dolls. They were living women who served me. Who loved me.

I had to treasure them and protect them.

Kylie, lick our Master's cum out of Ms. Docea's asshole, Aunt Nancy said. Let's not let our owner's cum go to waste!

Yes, Auntie Nancy! Kylie said. Mmm, bend over the couch, Ms. Docea. I'm going to lick and lap at your naughty asshole and make you cum so hard!

Of course, Ms. Docea said, a smile on her lips. She bent over the couch, her knees on the floor. She smiled up at me, her red hair spilling around her face. I'm so ready for you to lick me all clean. You're such a good girl.

I am! my little sister declared, sounding so proud. I'm just the best little girl there is! Right, Master Big Bro!

That's right, I said, glancing at Aunt Nancy. And what will you be doing?

Why, sucking your dick clean, Master, Aunt Nancy purred. Your Auntie-Maid has to keep you clean. You have all your women to fuck. We can't have you having a dirty dick, now can we.

Mmm, yes, she will make a wonderful head of the household staff, purred Cali. 

Household staff? I asked.

The red garter, the Dominatrix-Maid as I like to call the role, is in charge of cleaning the house. Making sure the Imprisoned stay there. Her bold maids, why not the only ones who will be cleaning, will be in charge of it.

I thought that was Mom, I said as Aunt Nancy knelt before me.

She's in charge of the kitchen, said Cali. When we're fully staffed, her had her maids will be in charge of keeping us fed and nurtured.

And me? asked Kylie as she parted Ms. Docea's butt-cheeks, exposing her asshole dripping in my pearly cum.

You are his personal attendant, said Cali. The Virgin-Maids are to attend to Master Lance's needs. To always be on hand no matter where he goes.

I thought that was me, Bella said. 

You're the Bodyguard-Maid, said Cali. Often that's also the Master's wife, but he can choose any but the Mother-Maid for that role. You and your maids will protect him while it will also be your responsibility to produce the heir. He has married you, so only you can produce sons. The rest can only have his daughters. We can have no bastards, Mrs. Hayward. The line must be clean.

Oh, Bella said. 

I blinked. I had no idea that I had even done something special when I chose Bella to be my Maid-Wife. Of course, she had to be my maid-wife. It was Bella. I loved her. It was good to know that we'd have a son.

Aunt Nancy engulfed my cock with her warm mouth, drawing me back from this fascinating discussion. She suckled on me. I groaned as she nursed with such hunger on my dick. She bobbed her head, working her soft lips up and down my dirty shaft.

Her tongue danced around me. She polished me. It felt incredible. I groaned, loving everything that she did to me. The suction was incredible. I arched my back into the wall, loving the pressure that she exerted on my dick.

Fuck, I breathed.

Ooh, that's so good, Miss Kylie, whimpered Ms. Docea. Ooh, just lick that cum out of my asshole. That's your brother's cum.

I know, breathed Kylie, her face buried between those butt-cheeks. It's yummy!

I smiled at my sister. My attendant. That was hot. She would be going around with me, I supposed. Standing by my side, I guessed. Bella would be protecting me. Mom would be taking care of me, Aunt Nancy keeping the household and the Imprisoned in line, while Ms. Docea would be researching and taking care of the books.

It was fascinating how this all worked.

Damn, Auntie Nancy, I groaned, her tongue swirling around the crown of my dirty dick. You just love this.

She winked at me.

My sister always was on the wild side, purred Mom. It's why she cheated on her husband. She just likes cock.

But you have the best cock, purred Ms. Docea.

Alive, Cali purred. All the Hayward men are impressive. He does not disappoint.

I grinned at that, glad I lived up to my ancestors. Cali would know. She was centuries old. I shuddered, my eyes flicking to the golden garter about her thigh. It was the same color as my power. The regal color. Gold was the metal that was never tarnished.

It was why it had always been worth something. It was special. Kingly.

It was my power.

I shuddered as my aunt bobbed her head. The naughty maid blew me with such hunger. She swelled the pressure in my nuts. I would have such a big burst of cum. Just flood her mouth with all my seed. She hungered for it, too.

Oh, yes. From how hard she suckled. She was doing more than just polishing my dirty pole. She craved my seed. My balls twitched as she worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me with hunger. 

Just such prowess. I loved it so much. I savored the heat of her mouth nursing on me. I loved that. It was an incredible rush to have her nursing on me like that. I would have such a huge orgasm. Just flood her mouth with all the cum that I had.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. That's amazing. Just like that. Damn, you are going to make me cum. I love it!

She winked at me as she kept sucking on me. She nursed with such passion on my dick. It was an incredible delight to have her working her mouth up and down my cock. Her tongue danced around the crown, the pressure about to blow.

I exploded into my aunt's hungry mouth. Fuck, yes!

I groaned as the pleasure shot through me. Burst after burst of ecstasy fired from my dick. Spurt after spurt of ecstasy shot out of my cock and pumped into her mouth. The pleasure rushed through me. It was exquisite.

Fuck, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's so good. Auntie Nancy! Oh, fuck, you got a mouth on you. Gulp down all that cum!

Ooh, gulp it down, Auntie Nancy, purred my little sister. She rested her chin on her hands, her elbows planted on Ms. Docea's plump rump, dimpling the soft flesh. Kylie watched with such a naughty gleam in her blue eyes. Just drink it all down!

Aunt Nancy did. My maid suckled down my cum with such hunger. I erupted over and over again. She swallowed it all. She gulped it down with such passion. Her blue eyes stared up at me as she swallowed my jizz. It was such a rush.

I loved it so much. Heat swept through me. I shuddered at the passion slamming into my mind. The ecstasy crashed into my thoughts. I pumped my aunt's mouth full of cum. She swallowed it all like the perfect maid she was. 

I gripped a handful of her strawberry-blonde hair, grunting as I fired the last spurt of my cum into her mouth. I shuddered, sucking in my deep breath. It was such a rush to pump all that jizz into her mouth. Just a perfect delight.

Damn, that's good, I groaned. You are fucking awesome, Aunt Nancy.

She slid her mouth off my cock with a wet plop, drool running down her chin. But no cum. She had not missed a drop. I know, Master Lance. I know just how awesome I am!

I couldn't help but chuckle at her brashness. It made me wonder what sort of maids she would have. They would be bustling around this house, cleaning in their sexy uniforms, wearing... Would they have garters? And would they be red ones?

Honey, dinner's ready, my Maid-Wife called. Bella beamed at me as she stood wearing just an apron. She looked sexy in it. Mmm, your mom showed me how to make lemon-breaded chicken and a tomato rice pilaf. It's delicious. Let's go!

Right, I said.

After dinner, I'll present the new maids with their uniforms, Cali said, and the five of you with your boxes that hold the garters for those maids you choose to serve Master Hayward. Do not let him influence you. Trust your instincts. They'll lead you right.

Mom put her hand on her naked belly. Down low. She smiled. Yes, that's very true, Cali. Mmm, let's eat.

I nodded, eager to see these new garters and my maids in their proper uniforms. I had to fill this mansion with maids fast. It was clear that we didn't have any time to waste. The Imprisoned were restless. 

The world... I had to protect the world. 

To be continued...
