Lucky Day

A couple of weeks ago I got very lucky. For the past year my family has hosted a foreign exchange girl from Egypt. Her name is Amisi and she is absolutely gorgeous. She has dark hair and eyes, beautiful tanned skin, and a perfect body. She is also very intelligent and has managed to fit in flawlessly to American society, perfecting her English and accent as well. Needless to say, it has been a great year and I have gotten along great with her. She’s 16 years old, two years younger than myself. My friends tell me all the time how lucky I am to have her living with me, though I’m not convinced. I might get to see and talk to her everyday, but I could never ask her out or try to make any kind of move on her because she’s like my sister. And it’s not like I ever get to see any more of her body than the other guys because Amisi is very private and always makes sure she is well covered. Until that one day two weeks ago, that is. 

It was a Friday afternoon and I arrived home to my house in a lousy mood. My friends and I were supposed to go on a weekend camping trip but I found out earlier that day in school that one of my friends had previous obligations that he had to fulfill and wouldn’t be able to make it. So we decided to put it off for a couple of weeks so we all could go. When I got to my house I looked around for Amisi but couldn’t find her anywhere and then I heard the shower running. I went over and looked up the stairs to see if she was around and was surprised to see the shower door wide open. It was very odd for Amisi to shower with the door open like that but it had to be her because my parents wouldn’t be home for another 3 hours. Then I remembered Amisi thought I was going to be gone all weekend. She must have figured no one was home and decided it was ok to leave the door open! Not wanting to miss this chance of a lifetime I hurried up the stairs as quietly as possible and got my video camera. 

As wrong as I felt doing this, my desperation to see Amisi naked was clouding my judgment. I made sure a tape was in the camera and went into the room directly across from the bathroom. There are a lot of boxes piled up in random order in this room because it’s basically our storage room. Therefore it was very easy to hide the camera where Amisi wouldn’t see it. I set it up making sure it was zoomed in enough and had the perfect position to capture Amisi nude. Not wanting to get caught I got up from behind the boxes and began making my way downstairs. However when I was about half way across the room I heard what had to be Amisi walking down the hallway! I quickly dove back behind the boxes and prayed she didn’t hear me. I couldn’t believe she wasn’t in the shower yet! 

I glanced through the cracks in the boxes and saw Amisi enter the bathroom in her hot pink bra and jeans. For a couple seconds I figured she was going to close the door but she never did. She took her ponytail out and let her medium length silky smooth hair down. She then unbuttoned her jeans and slid them down and off her legs revealing a pair of hot pink panties to match her bra. Her scantily clad body was now driving me crazy. She was so hot! Turning towards me she put her fingers in the waistband of her panties and slowly lowered them revealing her dark bush to me! She tossed her panties down the laundry shoot and turned away from me showing me her nice little ass. She had no tan lines on her body but her tan is natural, seeing how she never lays out or goes to a tanning booth. With her back still facing me, Amisi unclasped the back of her bra and tossed it aside managing to keep her breasts hidden from me. She then turned the small corner of the bathroom and entered the shower. 

I knew right then and there that I should have left and let the camera record her, but I couldn’t. I was so turned on by the brief views of her body that I decided, against my better judgment, to stay hidden behind the boxes. I figured there was no chance she would see or suspect that anyone would be in the house right now so I was good. After about ten minutes the shower stopped and I became excited again. 

Amisi emerged back in my view with a towel wrapped around her body covering from her tits to about mid thigh. I was disappointed, thinking she would probably leave the towel on the entire time. She began rubbing lotion on her face. After her face was moisturized, she grabbed another towel from the rack and began attempting to put her wet hair up with it. While she was struggling with this, the towel covering her body slid down and off her tits and dropped to the floor! She turned toward me to pick up the towel finally giving me a tremendous look at her perky little titties! My eyes glanced from her boobs down to her bush that wasn’t a bush anymore. She had shaved it while in the shower! I received a great-unobstructed look at her completely shaved pussy as she slowly bent over to pick up the towel. To my thrill, instead of wrapping it around her body again she used it to put her hair up (probably because it was bigger) and tossed the smaller towel aside. She then grabbed the lotion bottle and began to rub lotion on the rest of her body. It was amazing watching her slowly rub all over her naked body making it shine. Every so often she would turn toward me, giving me outstanding full frontal shots of her hairless pussy and perfect tits. She would also turn in the opposite direction allowing me to ogle at her tight little ass. 

After a couple of minutes Amisi was done putting on lotion and exited the bathroom, making her way toward her room. After thinking about it for a little bit I decided I better try and get downstairs while she was dressing in order to avoid odd questions. I left the camera where it was, because I would be able to pick it up later. I quickly exited the storage room, turned the corner making my way to the stairs. When I was almost at the stairs Amisi appeared from around the corner….still completely butt naked!! 

“AAAGGGHHH!!” She let out a high pitched scream and was so startled at the site of me she tripped and fell on her ass while trying to escape back into her room. She was now laying bare naked on her back only a couple of feet in front of me. I got an outstanding up close view of her freshly shaved vagina for a couple of seconds before she finally used both hands to cover it from me! Of course, this left her naked titties on full display for me to enjoy! “Jon! I though you were leaving!” She said. Still using both hands to cup her pussy I couldn’t help but stare at her beautiful naked rack in front of me. 

“We…..uhhhhh…..cancelled….it” I said, stumbling over my words. 

“Please stop looking!” She said. Noticing what my eyes were fixed on, she finally used one of her arms cover her tits. 

“Oh…right, I’m sorry” I said. She was still on the floor. In order to get up she removed the hand covering her crotch and used it to lift her body up. This gave one last great look at her shaved clean cooch. Instead of running back to her room though she stayed standing in front of me cupping her pussy and boobs with her two hands. I couldn’t help but stare at her body. 

“Hey! I said no looking!” She said, now smiling. “Now can I get through to the bathroom?” She asked. I moved aside, speechless, as she brushed up against me with her nude body to get to the bathroom. I was beyond rock hard at this stage. I glanced back at her, admiring her bare butt as she walked back into the bathroom. She kept the door open behind her but peeking her head out. “What were doing up here anyway?” She asked with an amused look on her face. My heart sank, thinking I was caught. 

“I was…uhh…bringing… my suitcases up here since the trip was cancelled.” 

“Oh okay” She said grinning, and I could tell by her smile that she didn’t buy it, however she wasn’t mad either, in fact she seemed happy. I began wondering if maybe she enjoyed this? “Ha well, I’m sorry but you’re not going to see anymore of me” and with that she shut the door. 

Later on that night, when it was safe I went back up to retrieve the video camera. I must have left it filming because the tape was at its end and the battery was nearly dead. I rewound the tape and hooked the camera up to my tv to see if I captured what I wanted to. I watched it from the beginning and the angle of the camera was perfect. I watched Amisi remove her clothes all over again revealing her untrimmed bush and naked ass to me. The camera also recorded her towel falling off along with the quick flashes of her shaved pussy and bare boobies while she applied lotion to herself. I could hear the scream and the conversation afterwards as we ran into each other in the hallway. I then saw her waking back into the bathroom while attempting to hide her crotch and tits. As a bonus, Amisi removed her hands from cover as she peeked her head out talking to me. While I may have not been able to see any of her then, the camera captured a long full frontal shot of her in all her naked glory. 

I know Amisi will not be staying with us forever. But I will forever remember that day and Amisi’s beautiful naked body will forever be saved on my tape. 
