You wake to the feeling of a hand over your eyes, and a voice you
think you recognize saying "Shhhh, Trust me."

Thinking you are safe you nod and say "Ok."

You feel a blind fold mask cover your eyes and then feel the
straps as they become snug behind your head. Next you feel your
right hand pulled up to corner of the bed. A soft rope is wrapped
around your wrist several times. As the rope is tightened you
feel your left hand pulled to the next corner. It is strange that
both hands are being tied at almost the same time. Half way
through the tying of your left hand, your right foot is pulled to
the opposite corner.

You know that there is more than one person tying you up. So far
you have only heard one voice. You think you know who it is, but
are you sure? Can you be positive?

After your hands are secure, your other foot is pulled, leaving
you spread eagle on the bed. You can still feel your PJ's
covering your body, so things can't get to serious. After your
feet are secure, you feel the "strangers" testing the knots. You
have a little movement, but your hands and feet are secure and
the knots feel tight, but not constricting.

Then you hear another noise. The sound of metal sliding across
metal. They have scissors. You feel your PJ's being pulled, then
the sound of fabric being cut. Very soon the strangers are
pulling the cloth that used to be your pajamas out from under
you, leaving you naked, blindfolded and tied to the bed.

A hand touches your stomach. You flinch, not expecting it, and it
pulls away. Another hand(or the same one?) touches your cheek.
You flinch again. A second hand touches your outer thigh. A third
caresses your left breast. The hand on your cheek traces your
lips with it's finger. The hand on your thigh slides down the
outside of your leg, then up the inside. The hand on your breast
circles around and spirals to your nipple. Another hand repeats
the caressing on your right breast.

You think of calling out, but it would spoil the intense feeling
running through your mind. Are the hands male or female. There
are at least 4 hands, are there more? How well do these hands
know your body, how well will they know your body before they are
through?

The hands keep moving rolling your nipples, caressing your inner
thigh, playing with your hair and lips. All at once the hands
come off your body. Then you feel the hands at your feet. All 4
rubbing and massaging your feet, then calves. The feeling is
wonderful and relaxing. Then you feel your right arm being
massaged. But your feet and legs are still getting attention. At
least 3 people are seeing you naked and tied up. Your other arm
receives attention.

4 people?!? At least 4 people are rubbing your naked body. The
hands on your legs are up to your thighs. The hands on your arms
are almost to your shoulders. What is next? You begin to feel
hands running through your hair. 5 people? 10 hands. There are
hands on your hips, and stroking your inner thighs. Hands on your
chest and stomach, circling your breasts and occasionally rubbing
your nipples. Fingers all over your face, dipping into your
mouth, twirling your tongue.

Your body is trembling with nervousness and excitement and sexual
tension. You feel lips touching your lips, kissing you like they
know you. The kiss feel familiar, but can you be sure it is who
you think it is. More lips, on your nipples, on your legs, on
your stomach. You shudder through your first orgasm, even thou
your pussy has not been touched yet. After you stop quivering the
hands and mouths continue, massaging and kissing and licking. You
feel a hand on your face travel down your neck, between your
breasts, down your stomach. Is it going where your hope it is
going? Just short of your pussy the hand pauses, sways back and
forth, continues down and the fingers spread to touch your
thighs, but not your aching cunt.

You want to cry out, to beg to be touched where you most desire
it right NOW! But something hold you back. The moment would be
spoiled if you spoke. Your desire is building, the fingers are
getting closer, your body arches to meet them. They are so close,
then, all at once, all hands are removed.

You gasp in frustration.

You feel the ropes holding your feet come free from what they
were attached to. You feel more ropes looping around your calves.
Your legs are pulled wide and tied that way, you realize your
feet are tied down in that new position. Anyone has full access
to your lower body.

You feel movement on the bed. You feel hands holding your legs.
Hands holding your shoulders. You feel, is it?, yes, breath on
your pussy. Someone is blowing on your clit. You are almost out
of your mind with desire. You can't even thrust your hips as they
are being help in place.

Then it happens. Suddenly a tongue slide up your slit and as it
reaches your clit lips close on your button and suck. You explode
in orgasm. The hands holding your body are not strong enough to
hold you in place as your body spasms repeatedly. Amazingly the
mouth stays on your clit, you feel the tongue flicking your most
sensitive spot. You cry out, unintelligibly, in relieve and in
lust.

The mouth lets you free. You gasp and shudder and begin to relax.
The other mouths begin to kiss and suck other parts of your body.
One kisses down your legs, and begins licking and sucking your
toes. Two claim your chest and neck. Nibbling and kissing all
around your breasts and neck and ears. Another begins kissing
your face, your lips, your cheeks, your forehead.

You realize the weight you felt on the bed has not moved. Someone
is still waiting between your legs. Then, amidst all the other
feeling, kisses on your inner thighs. Licks getting closer to
your pussy. You know without a shadow of a doubt that you are
very wet down there. That mouth is cleaning all your pussy juice
off your legs. Then you feel gentle kisses on your pussy, gentle
sucking on your toes, gentle sucking on your nipples, gentle
kisses on your mouth.

You hear fingers snap and all the mouths are gone. You feel more
movement on the bed and something touches your fingers. Something
wet and slippery. A pussy stroked your fingers. You move your
hand trying to caress it, and it lets you. Then a pussy slides
over your other hand. You try to concentrate on both pussies.
Slipping your fingers along the lips, rubbing the clits.

The bed moves near your head and a cock touches your lips. You
open your mouth and start licking. You are trying to please both
pussies and the cock. You feel more movement, but you can't tell
from where with all the action. Something wet slides across your
chest. Another cunt? rubbing on your tits? hands holding your
tits and rubbing them into this pussy. All the movement, hands
busy, mouth busy, chest being molested. What next?

A cock plunges into your wet pussy. You are so surprised you
almost bite of the dick in your mouth and pull of the clits you
were massaging. After the initial shock you try to pay attention
to the other people, but the fuck you are receiving is taring
your attention away. You moan on the cock and cum again. The cock
in your mouth starts sliding in and out, getting harder and
harder. The pussies on your hands are getting wetter and wetter.
Your chest is covered in pussy juice. The cock in your pussy in
pounding harder. You feel hands push your fingers into the
pussies and they ride your fingers like cocks, bouncing their
clits on your thumbs. The cock in your mouth swells, the cock in
your cunt swells, the pussies on your hands tighten, your pussy
tightens around the cock. All people in the room cum at the same
time. Your hands are almost crushed by the contracting cunts.
Your mouth is filled with cum. Your pussy is filled with cum.
Your chest is drenched with juice.

Everyone collapses to the bed. You hear lots of panting and
sounds of pleased people. After a few minutes there is movement
on the bed. You feel lips kissing you, tongues licking any cum
that fell out of your mouth. Lips licking your pussy, digging for
any cum they can reach. Lips kissing your chest, licking off all
the juice splashed on your nipples. All this exploring gets your
pussy worked up again and you cum on the mouth licking your
pussy.

After a few seconds you start getting kisses on your mouth.
Sensual kisses, you feel they are saying goodbye. Kiss after
kiss, from different angles. Confusing but fun.

More movement on the bed and the kisses stop. Hands slide down
your arms and legs. You start to feel the ropes loosen. All the
ropes come of almost at once. A few last caresses and the touches
are gone.

I uncover your eyes and say "Happy Un-birthday."
