Wardrobe Malfunction- Mikheala
by CopyCat13

Mikheala suffers a small wardrobe malfunction.

Mikheala shifts uncomfortably from foot to foot trying to relieve the wedgie that is slowly working its way further into her butt. It would probably be easier for her to manage if she wasn't playing Ping-Pong in front of an audience. After all, Mikheala has quite a bit of experience dealing with uncooperative panties and by now she was pretty good at subtly relieving herself.

Somehow she'd gotten drawn into this impromptu Ping-Pong tournament but now she's regretting it. There are roughly a dozen people—mostly guys—standing around watching her match and they all seem to know that something is wrong. Normally Mikheala is pretty good at Ping-Pong and over the last month of school has actually beaten most of the people there, but now she's losing. Her panties seem intent on forcing their way into her butt and she can't focus on the game. In fact, she isn't too concerned about the game at the moment; she's a bit competitive and doesn't want people to think she's bad at Ping-Pong but right now she just wants the game to be over.

She isn't really dressed for movement right now. Since coming to college, Mikheala has been trying to reinvent her image. She's tired of being the modest girl with the over protective parents. She wants to be fun. She wants to be seen as hot and sexy. So since coming to college Mikheala has been wearing thongs almost every day and her wardrobe has been becoming sluttier and sluttier.

For instance, right now she's wearing nothing but a pair of daisy-duke shorts that leave her whole legs exposed and just barely cover her butt when she's standing still. Moving around like this to play ping pong means that they keep sliding and bunching up and exposing her more than she's comfortable with. Not to mention her thong which seems Hell bent on finding the least comfortable position possible...

Her opponent doesn't seem overly concerned about ending the game; she was missing shots and letting the ball drop enough that if her opponent was playing normally the game would have been over by now. She's played Dan before and he was a lot better than this last time; she's playing like crap but they've been deuces for over 5 minutes now.

Mikheala starts to think that Dan might be toying with her. He seems distracted watching her move but not so distracted that they'd be tied like this. He seems to be letting her score to keep the game going. Every time the ball drops on her side, Mikheala has to bend over to retrieve it and she feels her low-rider jeans slip a little and she knows that her panties are on display. She knows her situation is bad but she hopes it isn't too bad. She doesn't think she's actually whale-tailing and she hopes no one can see her wedgie. Judging by the crowd though, she's afraid that she's fully on display.

Mikheala wishes she were dressed differently for this but she hadn't been planning on playing. Maybe if she were wearing a longer top but the one she had on left her mid-drift exposed. Though to be honest, only her workout outfits would protect her modesty while moving around in front of a crowd like this. But she's getting desperate and has stopped thinking straight.

Suddenly Mikheala realizes that the game is over; somehow she won even though she doesn't remember the last few plays because she's been so focused of the material slowly invading her ass. People are clapping and congratulating her and she shakes Dan's hand and muttering a quick "good match" to him while all she's really thinking about is getting away.

Another guy steps up to the table and she realizes that she's still in a tournament and the crowd expects her to play again. Mikheala stammers that she really needs to go to the ladies room and that she'll be right back. She hands her paddle to a random person in the crowd without ever looking at them to see who it is before rushing out of the rec room and to the bathroom. She hopes she's walking normally but is terrified that she'd waddling.

Mikheala burst into the bathroom intending to rush into a stall and deal with her problem but when she gets there, all the stalls are full. Desperate, she decides not to wait and drops her pants in front of the sinks. Her pants are too tight to effectively deal with a wedgie so she has to she has to take them off to even reach her thong.

Sweet relief! But now she still has a problem. She already said that she'd go back to the game but if she does then her thong will go right back up her butt and she'll be right back where she was. Normally when she plays Mikheala either wears her running shorts and spandex or else she just goes commando but wears a belt to keep her pants up. But she hadn't known she'd be playing today so she hadn't taken those precautions. She wants to just ditch her thong and go without but that has its own problems. She knows that the boys have already seen her underwear and that they'll be looking for it when she returns. If they don't see it they'd know she had gone to the bathroom just to ditch her panties and then they'd think she's a slut.

But what choice does she have? She has to go back to play and she can't play with a thong on. She slides her grey thong down her long smooth legs as she steps out of them. she starts pulling her jeans back on and has just started the "skinny-jeans-dance" when suddenly she hears one of the toilets flush and she realizes that someone is about to come out. Mikheala franticly struggles into her tight jeans and zips them up just as the girl comes out of the stall and starts washing her hands.

It's only now however that Mikheala realizes that her thong is still on the bathroom floor. She's stuck again. The girl is sure to spot them and when she does she'll know they're Mikheala's. There's no way she can grab them and hide them without the girl seeing and if she just walks away the girls could still figure it out.

Instead Mikheala steps on her thong and tries to kick it into the now empty stall. It didn't go quite far enough so she has to follow it to push it the rest of the way into the stall. Now that she's already crossed half the bathroom for the second kick though, she ends up just entering the stall so it won't seem weird. In the stall she drops her pants again and sits down to keep up the illusion that she just needs to pee. Really though she's trying to regain her composure after her most recent panic. She picks her now dirty thong up off the bathroom floor and stuffs it into her pocket. She gets her jeans back on again and notices that even the little material of her thong makes a noticeable bulge in the pocket of her tight pants.

Once she finally feels presentable again, Mikheala returns to the rec room ready to finish the tournament. Now that she's no longer distracted, Mikheala manages to actually win the tournament. It was an impromptu tournament so she doesn't actually win anything but she still enjoys the attention as the crowd gathers around her to congratulate her.

Her joy is short lived though, because as she's leaving the rec room, one of the boys from the crowd who hadn't played stops her. "I like the way you looked moving around in your little thong there...but it was even better without the thong." He sneers at her.

Mikheala turns red and runs away without saying anything.

