Haley's Study Group
by Megan 

Life after her first day mishap, teaching those boys did not get easier for Haley. Her ass was still hurting a week after the spanking incident which meant that she had to do her best not to sit down or put pressure on it, until it healed. Even then they still had the pictures of her without her skirt which meant that she could never get them in trouble when they were disrupting her and her lessons. 

She would try to threaten them but all they had to do is pull up a picture of her in her thigh high stocking and her red leopard print panties and that would shut her up very quick. They would do anything that they liked, randomly swat her butt as she passed by their desks or even lift her skirt to see what kind of underwear, she was wearing that day. She did her best to make sure that she was never wearing her most embarrassing panties while she taught but that still did nothing to keep her from getting embarrassed.

One night she was meeting with all their parents because their kids were failing her course. She did her best to make sure that she still believed that they could still pass but they need to start putting more effort in while they were not at school. Her idea was that they could form a study group, and that might start making their grades go up. All the parents agreed but couldn’t figure out who would host their study group, until one of the parents spoke up to Miss Haley. 

“Would you agree to host the study group? Then if they still don’t get the material, they could just ask you for help.”

Haley started thinking about this, she really didn’t want to spend more time with their boys and replied, “I don’t think that I have enough time to host this study group.” 

The parent replied “please! You must help our boys pass. I think that we all would be willing to pay you to host this study group. How about 500 dollars per study group session?’” 

Haley was taken aback by the number that they were going to be willing to pay. She was still wondering if she wanted to put herself through it though. She reluctantly agreed because the money was too good to pass up and was going to host the group next Saturday.

That next Saturday, Haley was in a huge rush. Her work out at her gym went way longer then she had expected. She had to quickly get ready because the kids were going to be at her place in an hour and her workout left her soaked from her own sweat. 
She quickly stripped off her sweaty clothes as soon as she got into her house and shoved all her clothes into her gym bag on her way to the shower. She quickly got out of the shower, quickly pulled out a pair of underwear (Didn’t even know which ones she put on), dressed in a blue blouse, a loose flowing black skirt, black nylons and pulled out the first black heels she could find in her closet. 
As she was looking for her heels, she heard her doorbell ring and raced down as soon as she could.

When the last boy arrived, the parents left and Haley now alone with the boys. She turned to them and saw them all crowded around one of the boy’s phone watching a video. 

Haley tried to get their attention, “Alright boys lets get started. What problem have been giving you the most trouble?” 

Alex was the one to speak up, “First you need to see this video.”

Haley reluctantly walked over to the phone and saw what was playing. She was horrified! It was a video of her being spanked by her entire class. She saw herself laying across Alex’s lap, with one thigh high stocking on, the other stuffed in her mouth, her red ass in the air with her red leopard panties on with “Meow!!!” written across her butt cheeks. Her face went beet red again and started to relive the day all over again. 
Alex’s voice snapped her out of her trance. “If you don’t obey us today, this will get posted all over the internet and we will make sure everyone in school gets an email of this video.” 

She was still in shock; they must have been saving this for the right time and now it’s here. Haley had no choice but to agree and submit to them.

“Now what?” She asked them. 

They replied in unison, “We are going up to your bedroom!” 

But before they left for her room, Alex spoke up “But first we’re are going to hand cuff you, so that you don’t think about doing anything stupid.” 

They lead her up to her bedroom and to complete her captivity, they tied a rope to her handcuff and tossed it over one of her low hanging ceiling beams. They pulled the on the rope until her hands were above her head and she was slightly on her tip toes. 
Now that they had her tied off; they went straight to her dresser drawers. They ripped open every drawer until they found her underwear drawer. All Haley could do was watch in horror as they started pulling out all of her panties and laughing at them.

She heard all sorts of comments, “Remember these purple ones with the flowers, she wore them last week!”

“Look at these ones…… They are completely see through. They wouldn’t cover anything!”

“These ones look like they belong to a little girl!” 

The boys were loving it and Haley was getting more humiliated by the second. 

Alex came over and commented, “What’s wrong Miss Smith? Do you not like us looking through all your girly underwear?”
Haley just kept silent, getting redder by the second.

“Don’t worry, I can fix that!” Claimed Alex. And he grabbed one of Haley’s bigger black pairs and pulled it down over her head and said, “There! Now you can’t see us looking at your skimpy underwear!”

Haley couldn’t see a thing and she hated it! She couldn’t see what they were doing and what they might do to her. After a while the boys got tired of going through her underwear and wander over to their teacher. 

The room was silent until one of them asked, “What should we do with her?” 

Haley cringed at hearing those words but knew she could do nothing.

Alex voice was the one she heard next, “We should see if we can make her dance for us.”

“I am doing no such thing!” Haley stated. 

“Well if you won’t do it for us, we will have to make you!” said Alex. 

Haley started to panic because she had no clue what that would mean for her. She then felt her heels being slid off her feet. Now that they were off her feet, her toes could barely touch the floor and she could hardly keep her balance. All of a sudden, she felt fingers on her feet and the sides of her stomach. They started tickling her!

Haley started to thrash about, kick and jump around. She must have been putting on a good show because they were laughing at her. But what she didn’t know what was also happening, was that one of the boys carefully undid her skirt and let drop to the floor. 
Once the skirt was on the floor, they all stopped and took in the view. Haley was catching her breath and was very thankful that they stopped. She probably would be horrified to know that she was skirt less before her students, once again. 

The boys were drinking in the sight of their teacher again being in only her black sheer pantyhose and her panties from the waist down. Haley’s panties were probably her most humiliating pair. They were white with pink scalloped boarders around her waist and leg holes. But what made it more embarrassing was that they had pink hearts all over them. They looked like a little girl’s underwear. The boys had to restrain themselves from totally bursting out with laughter.

All Haley could hear was snickering. She was puzzled at what could be so funny. The pantyhose did nothing to hide her embarrassing panties from her students. 

Alex decided to finally end the silence, “Miss Smith, you must really love hearts!”

Haley was puzzled as she thought to herself. “What could he mean by that?” 

she thought. After for more puzzling moments, it finally donned on her. She never saw them pull out her heart panties, she must have been wearing them! She shrieked in horror and then noticed that her skirt was gone! She did her best to try to cover her humiliating underwear but all she could do was cross her long sexy legs. It did nothing to hide her girlish panties. 

“Well I don’t think we need those panties on her head anymore.” Said Alex. 

He pulled them off and as soon as he did Haley noticed that they had all their camera’s out and filming her humiliation. “Please stop this! I don’t want to get you all in trouble! If you don’t let me go, there will be serious consequences.” These were Haley’s best threats. They did nothing to help her situation. 

“I liked it better when she was silent.” One of the boys complained. Alex told them that he would take care of it. He saw her gym bag in the corner of her room and got an awful idea. He rummaged through it until he found what he was looking for…. Haley’s panties that she worked out in earlier today.

He started laughing when he pulled them out and held them out so they could all see. Haley’s face turned deep red with embarrassment when Alex held out her workout panties. They were electric blue and when he turned them around, they read “This is why I squat!” across the ass.
The boys almost died from laughter and Alex walked over to their bound teacher, balled them up and shoved them into her mouth. He then commanded one of the boys to bring one of her thigh high stockings from her dirty clothes hamper. They took the stocking and tied it around her head to keep the panties in her mouth. Her panties were still damp from this morning workout and Haley was wishing that this humiliating day was over.

One of the boys broke her train of thought “I want to see her boobs!” 

Haley’s eyes went wide as saucers. The boy strolled over and grabbed the front her blouse and pulled it apart! Buttons went flying everywhere and now they could her white lace bra! But that wasn’t good enough they grab scissors and cut away the rest of her shirt. All that was left was getting her bra off and they could see their teacher’s bare breasts. 

Alex walk to the front and slide the scissors in between both cups. Haley was now screaming into her dirty gag, hoping that they would stop. She finally heard the scissors slice through her bra and her boobs came bursting out for the boy’s enjoyment. 

They jiggled for a few moments and all was silent. Haley wanted to die but nothing would release her from this nightmare. Then all the boys walked over and started touching her breasts. The fondling was light at first but as it went on, they got bolder and started really getting into it. 
They cupped them, squished them, pulled on them, pinched the nipples and even flicked them. While they were doing this, they were totally unaware that Haley was getting turned on from the boys groping her breasts. 

All these different thoughts came flooding through Haley’s mind, “This is so humiliating.” “This feels so good.” “Pinch harder!” “Stop it! You are not supposed to be enjoying this!” 

The last thing that Haley wanted was for her students to find out that she was getting turned on and was starting to love the position she was in. She started love that she was in this humiliating position and that couldn’t control what was happening to her. 

Soft moans were muffled by her gag and now her hips started to gyrate. Her legs started to rub together as her heart panties were getting wetter by the moment. One of the boys moved behind her and started playing with her ass which lead her to moan louder. He spanked each cheek lightly, alternating between them. And in-between the spankings, he grabbed handfuls of her cheeks and pulled them apart which sparked a new sensation to her asshole. Another boy started to run his hands up and down her long-toned leg. The other leg was lifted up by a boy that was fascinated by her nylon clad foot. He started caressing them at first but it escalated to kissing and even sucking on her toes. All of these sensations were starting to be too much for Haley to hide. All of a sudden, her crotch brushed up brushed up against one of the boy’s legs and left a wet stain on his jeans. 

The boy shouted, “Hey! Her crotch is all wet! She must be liking this!” 

Haley felt humiliated all over again, as they found out that she was really aroused. All the boys stopped what they were doing and stood in disbelief. 

Alex spoke up, “Do you like what we are doing to you?” Haley regretfully nodded. “Are you our naughty little girl?” Red faced she nodded again.

As she nodded Alex reached into the front of her pantyhose and gave the waistband of her panties a couple tugs. When her panties pressed against her sweet spot, she let out a bigger moan then she meant to, and that meant all of the boys heard her. 

Alex spoke again, “Looks like our teacher feeling naughty and we need to make sure she has some release!”

Those words turned on Haley even more and she let out another moan. Alex started to direct the boys on what they were supposed to do. Six boys surrounded her; Haley had no clue what was going to happened next, but her body couldn’t wait. 

First two of the boys in front of her started pinching and massaging her breasts, and soft moans came from their teacher. Haley then started to feel a strange sensation. Her heart spotted panties were slowly being pulled up her ass checks by one of the boys in the back.

All of a sudden, it stopped and then they started being pulled the other way rubbing against her clit. The pressure and friction created by her underwear rubbing against her clit and asshole was driving her crazy! The pulling on her panties got slowly faster as they went. The final boy started to spank her now pantyhose clad ass cheeks, lightly at first but the more he spanked her the more they started to sting.

When they began, Haley’s eyes were closed so that she could concentrate on all of the erotic feels that were happening to her. She moaned load and hard continuously in the panty gag in her mouth. She constantly sank her hips down while gyrating into her panties and thrusted her ass out further to be spanked harder. 

She completely lost herself in all of her erotic pleasures. This went on for a long time until she suddenly started to tense, and all of her muscles went rigged and this was the sign to boys that she was just about to orgasm. The two in front pinched and twisted as hard as they could, the two tugging on her girly panties pulled as hard and fast as they could. The boy spank and swatted her ass as hard as he could which her cheeks started to become a deep red. 

Haley finally came and moan loader than ever before. And her entire body went limp and she looked like quite a sight, clad only in her heart panties and black pantyhose. Her breasts were now red from the messaging and her nipples sore from all the pinching and twisting. Her panties were now above her belly button and halfway up her back, wedged between her pussy lips and her toned butt cheeks. Her ass cheeks were so red that the pantyhose did nothing to hide the color. When Haley finally opened her eyes, her face became as red as her ass cheeks. A camera was right in her face. They had captured the whole thing on video and in pictures. They had more humiliating blackmail on her.

“At least it’s all over.” Haley thought. 

That’s when Alex leaned in and whispered in her ear, “We are not even close to being done with you yet.”

Haley hung there exhausted from what the boys put her through. The only words that filled her mind was “How humiliating”. She was stripped and made to orgasm in front of her students. She was still in a very embarrassing situation; she had her hands strung up to one of her rafters in her bedroom and was stripped down to just her black sheer pantyhose and white panties with pink trim and hearts all over them, pulled half way up her back and covering up to her belly button in the front from the wedgies from earlier. She wanted this to be over but knew that there was more to come. Alex and some of the boys left the room and the rest were lounging around her room. She was watching the boys in the room, some of them staring at her and the rest looking though her panties that were laying on her bed and floor from when they went through her drawers earlier. The boys soon got bored with her panties again and started looking through the rest of her drawers and her room. They came a crossed her nylon drawer and pulled out all kinds of pantyhose and thigh highs. They went through her closet and then turned their attention to her bed. Haley’s eyes went wide with fright because it hadn’t dawned on her that they might search underneath her bed. 
As their teacher just hung there and watched, the boys found the only thing interesting under her bed which was a box. They pulled it out and set it on her bed. As they started to open it, they can hear their teacher screaming into her gag for them to stop. When they got the lid off their eyes went wide with disbelief. They found the jackpot! They had found their teachers sex toys!

They started pulling out all kinds of things, Fuzzy handcuffs, a spanking riding crop with a feather at the end, massage oils, sex lubricants, nipple clamps with feather tassels, a couple of vibrators, a remote-controlled egg vibrator, and a two huge pink vibrating dildo. Just then Alex and the other boys came walking back in with a bag and saw what the other boys had found. “What do we have here?” Alex asked. Another boy answered, “Looks like our teacher likes to be a naughty girl”. Haley blushed at the comment. 

Alex turned around and looked at his teacher. Pulling out a pair of scissors from the bam and he went to work on her pantyhose. He cut away and by the time he was done they were now a pair of thigh high stockings. Her heart panties were all that was left covering her most intimate places. “Now it’s time to make the most humiliating video of you cumming for us!” Claimed Alex. He pulled out several tubes of her lipstick and several boys went to town drawing and writing all over her body with them. 

When they were done, Haley had all kind of things drawn all over her. On her forehead, the word “slut” was written. Also, a penis drawn on one of her cheeks. Above her breast was written, “Whore”. On her breasts, she had the words written “Slap me” and on the other “Pinch me hard”. On her upper thighs, “Open for business”. On her ass, one cheek said, “Spank me” and the other said “Naughty Girl”. And written like a tramp stamp above her ass was “Insert here” with an arrow pointing down in between her cheeks. 

The camera man captured everything that was written. The first thing that Alex grabbed from her box was the nipple clamps. He tightened it all the way and clipped the first one on the tip of nipple. Haley let out a moan mixed with pain and pleasure. He grabbed the next clamp and right before was about to put it on, he leaned in close and ask Haley “Do you want the second one on?” Haley heard what he asked and her felt so embarrassed. She was starting to get really horny, but she still didn’t want it in front of her students. To her shame she shook her head yes. Alex laughed and asked her again “Are you our dirty little slut?” Haley shook her head yes, again. She felt so humiliated, but she was really turned on. And with that Alex snapped the other clamp on to her nipple. Haley started to talk into her gag. Alex removed it and her class heard “More! More! I need more!” 

Alex then pulled out the bag he brought in earlier, some close pins. The boys started to clip them onto her pussy that was spilling out of her wedgied undies. With every snap of the clothespins, Haley squealed with pleasure, and shouted “More! More!” 

Alex was determined to keep this humiliation going and pulled out her huge pink dildo. He went behind her, pick out her panties lodged in her ass and put the tip of it right to her asshole and started the vibrator in it. This made Haley’s moans go up an octave. Then after a while Alex started to shove but it wasn’t going anywhere. All of a sudden he heard from his captive “Too dry! Too dry!” Then he knew what to do. He went back over to the bed and started looking through the bag he brought up and found it! He walked back over and asked Haley “Do you like whipped cream?” She nodded. He quickly flicked off the cap, shook it and stuck the nozzle up her ass and emptied the contents into her. Haley eyes went wide as she felt the cold cream fill ever part of her asshole. Alex didn’t leave any of the whipped cream in the canister and once he was done, he resumed his work. He started to shove the dildo up her ass again. At first it was slow going and all they could hear were the moans of their teacher but with one final shove, he buried it all the way with just a little of it hanging out. 

But the boys were not done there. And ask their horny teacher if she wanted them to fill her pussy. She shook her head violently. They grabbed her last dildo and set it up on a stand and put it in between her legs. And inserted it halfway, which allowed Haley to ride on it up and down to her own pleasure. The boys stepped and back and watch their teacher lose herself and forget where she was. She looked ridiculous, still strung up, words all over her body, breasts on full display with feather nipple clamps, clothespins in between her legs, her girly heart panties still on, newly made stocking still on with one that slide down to her knee, dildo shoved up her cream filled ass with melted cream dripping down her legs, all while she rode up and down on the dildo in between her legs. She road it furiously, putting on quite a show for her students. Her breast jumping up and down, her ass was jiggling nonstop and the boys captured every moment of it. Then one of the boys grabbed her ridding crop and started to spank her beautiful ass. Her voice then filled the air with shouts of “Harder! Spank me harder! I’ve been a naughty girl!” Haley couldn’t take it anymore and with one last violent scream she orgasmed right in front of her students for the second time that day. Feeling fully humiliated and embarrassed she slowly slipped into unconsciousness and the last thing she saw was her students’ cameras and them laughing at her. 

Haley woke up to loud banging on her front door. Slowly coming to, she found herself in the same situation. But she was now regaged and the boys were nowhere to be found. She was so confused on what was happening. She heard the loud bangs again at her door and then finally noticed her phone at her feet. She noticed that a call was still in progress and the it said emergency call. Loud bangs again came from the front door with someone calling out “This is the police! Open up! We want to make sure you are okay!” Panic set in for her and guessed that the boys most of made the call and then left her in this humiliating position for the police to find her and let her out of it. She was going to be humiliated all over again. Her thoughts were cut short when she heard a loud crash and six police officers filed into her bedroom. They filed into the room, seeing her hanging there, they began to laugh. All Haley could do was hang her head in humiliation and shame until the officers cut her down
