Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter One: Futa Elf! Dreaming of Another World
Summary: When Virginia starts dreaming of a futa-elf, her life changes forever!
Keywords: hsolo hf hh fantasy magic elf voy exhib oral 1st

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Virginia Homewood

You ever have one of those dreams where you know you're dreaming?

As I gazed around at the woods, I knew I was having a dream. It was a fantastic forest. Unlike anything I had ever seen. The trees growing around me were immense. They had thick trunks that, I swear, you could fit a small house in. You know, one of those micro homes that were all the rage because of how sustainable they were for the environment. Smaller impact, less reality. Still, that was immense.

It was like the Great Sequoias they have down in California. I visited them as a kid with my family, my sister Saffron and I have a blast running through those trees. They were these massive redwoods, the barks looking like this russet red which made them stand out from the waxy-green of their pine needles.

These trees had silver bark. And I don't mean they were white or looked silvery, I could see my reflection in them. I mean, it was all distorted, but there was a hint of my blonde hair and my round face and my plump lips and my...

Perky breast.

I glanced down and saw I was naked. My boobs jiggled before me, my nipples thrusting out hard. I was sixteen and maturing into a saucy beauty. A curvy booty and sleek thighs. I had a nice thatch of blonde hair on my pussy. 

Well, this must be a dream, I said, glancing up at the tree. It towered up and up and then there were its branches. They were as thick as my waist, maybe thicker. They had golden leaves that looked like a maple's, and all were as shiny and as reflective as the silver bark. The wind rustled through the boughs, making golden light dance around the forest floor. That looked more normal. It was soft loam, rich and earthy. A few sane looking plants were peeking up, like ferns but frilly, a few flowers that had red or purple blossoms. Nothing this crazy could exist outside of a Lord of the Rings movie.

My dad was a big fan.

Huh, I said, strolling around. Why did I dream this? I shook my head, my blonde hair dancing around my shoulders. 

Something was slapping up above. I frowned. It sounded like bare feet smacking into bark. I craned my neck, staring up into the branches. The leaves reflected the sunlight above in dazzling flashes like a living disco ball or something. 

A figure moved through the branches.

She jumped from tree to tree, violet hair streaming behind her pale body. It was hard to get a good look at her as the golden leaves kept dazzling my eyes, but it was clear that she moved with unearthly grace.

There you are! she cried out, her voice melodic. The words were English, but they were unlike any voice I had ever heard. There was something ethereal about them. Almost haunting and yet peppy all at the same time. I've been looking for you, My Lady!

My Lady? I asked.

The girl reached a branch above me and then, squealing, jumped down. I gasped in alarm for her as she plummeted a good hundred feet, her violet hair whipped back into a comet's tail. I managed to just step back and clap my hands over my mouth when she landed before me. 

As Deadpool put it, she did a superhero landing.

She popped up before me, her huge breasts bouncing and jiggling. She was naked like me. Well, she had golden leaves that were clinging to the sides of her boobs and silvery vines wrapped around her body. Another large, gold leaf covered her pussy. It swayed as she put her hands on her hips. Her skin had glitter all over it, sparkling as she moved. Thrusting out from her head were two long and slender ears. They thrust out a good five inches from her, each twitching in delight.

Did I watch Lord of the Rings before going to bed? I muttered.

Lord? said the elf, cocking her head. What a strange ring. What manner of ring is a lord?

I blinked at her. She did call me My Lady, right? I heard that. Well, dream.

Doesn't matter, I said, her green eyes flicking up and down my naked body. I suddenly blushed and wished I had some gold leaves. Sure, her nipples were thrusting out hard, but at least her pussy was covered up. 

Something swung behind her leaf, smacking into her inner thigh. 

Was that a...

No, no, that couldn't have been a cock. I mean, she was clearly a woman. Those were natural, if H-Cup sized, titties. I stared down at her thighs and then, swinging out from the other side of the leave was a long, fleshy shaft.

Y-you have a cock! I sputtered.

Well, of course I do, she said. I'm a futanari-elf. I'm blessed by the Goddess Gnila and the Goddess Eenoy. I have both.

Both? I gasped.

Well, yes, she said. Being futanari should have clued you in.

Futa... what?

Nari. The elf smiled. It means I have a pussy and a cock!

Right, I said. I couldn't believe how filthy my mind was. How did I even come up with that?

Oh, My Lady, gushed the elf, you're finally here. The prophecies were right. You're here to save the world from the Demon Lord.

Did I watch one of those weird Anime that Brgida likes? Those Ise... Isekai. The ones where people from our world go to a fantasy world? 

Gotcha, I said. I've been pulled from my world to this golden leaf place to save the world.

Forest of Golden Dreams, said the elf. And, yes! She bounced up and down and her cock popped out around her golden leaf. I blinked at how endowed she was. It wasn't just in the tits department that she had been blessed. My cheeks burned and I really, really became aware of how naked I was.

I swallowed. So, I have to fight the Demon Lord, I said. Uh, can I get some clothes or leaves or something? I'm kinda naked.

Don't be bashful, said the elf. I noticed her cock wasn't falling back between her leaves. It was throbbing, growing erect. You are very beautiful, My Lady. You have that wonderful beige to your skin, and your hair is as golden as the leaves above. Your breasts are round and perky

Do we have to talk about my tits? I gasped, covering them with my hands. This is strange enough as it is. I don't know why I'm dreaming this.

Because you need to 

BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!

The sound pierced the forest, drowning out the words the elf said, her lips moving energetically. She clasped her hands tight, her hips wiggling back and forth which made her huge tits and big dick sway before her. Then the world melted around her, blotches of darkness devouring it. 

BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! 

The sound of my alarm clock destroyed the strange world with the gorgeous dickgirl-elf. She said one last thing, but I couldn't hear her, and then darkness was around me. A red light filtered through. I heard my sister groaning.

BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!

Kill it, Saffron moaned.

I woke up in my dorm room. I shook my head and then looked over at the alarm clock on my bedside nightstand. 7:30 AM. It was a school day. I smacked the button, killing the dreadful sound. Then I sat up, my pajama top clinging to my breasts. My bottoms were stuck to my sweaty butt and...

I was wet. My pussy tingled as the memory of that busty elf lingered in my mind. I shook my head, muttering, Weird dream.

Hmm, Saffron said. We were fraternal twins, though no one ever believed we were sisters. Saffron had raven-black hair that she wore cut short in a cute bob. She had a doll's face and a petite body. Her blankets slipped from her as she sat up and stretched, her small breasts coming into view. They were barely more than handfuls. 

For the first time ever, I found myself staring at them and tingling more. This shameful heat rushed through my mind. What was I thinking, she was my sister! I had never felt that way about another girl before, let alone one I was related to by blood.

What was that weird dream? she asked as she rolled out of bed wearing a frilly pair of purple panties. She headed to the bathroom. I couldn't help but follow her ass as she headed to it. I squirmed, shocked that such ideas could even percolate through my mind. Why was I staring at her like I was some sort of perv?

I shook my head and smacked my cheeks. I had to get a grip on myself. 

I rolled out of bed and pulled off my pajama top, my nipples tingling. The toilet flushed as Saffron came out, no longer wearing her panties. She stretched her back, not caring that we were naked. It was normal. We were twin sisters. It had never been weird before.

Nor sexy.

Your turn to shower first? asked Saffron. Or mine?

Mine, I said and darted to my dresser to get out my school uniform. We both attended the private boarding school St. Mary of the Veil. It used to be a Catholic school, but went secular a decade ago or something like that. They kept the name and the dress code. Since we were twins, it only made sense for Saffron and me to room together.

I let the water of the shower fall on me, soaking my blonde hair as that dream stayed with me. The elf and her big dick. That was so insane. Why, why, why would I dream of an elf let alone one swinging a massive dong?

A sexy dong...

I shook my head, my pussy on fire. I wanted to masturbate, but I couldn't. Saffron had to use the shower. We had an unwritten masturbation policy. We could do it in the shower or we had to make damned sure the other one wasn't going to be back while we were rubbing ourselves. So I could get off right now except I didn't have time. 

I could only shower and hop out so she could take hers.

I grabbed the body wash and loofah. I rubbed over my body. The soft, spongy material excited my skin way, way, way too much. I barely grazed my nipples and gasped. I was so horny. I couldn't ever remember being so turned on.

The dickgirl-elf had those big, lush tits that were swaying, and those suckable nipples. I licked my lips, my twat blazing with heat. I just wanted to fall to my knees and suck on her cock. And what was her pussy like? How did it work having both?

Why was it so hot that a busty elf from my dream had a massive girl-schlong. What the eff was wrong with me?

I slapped my face, muttering, Get it together, Virginia. You're into boys. Boys! 

I know I went to an all-girl school, and there were definitely a few lesbians. Ella Savidge, who'd I see in my second period English class, was definitely one. She had a reputation for seducing girls at school. Rolling from bed to bed. 

Some even claim she made a pass at Mrs. Brinkley, this teacher who abruptly quit last year. They whispered she'd been caught going down on Ella Savidge. Molesting her. Abusing her position as a teacher, but I bet Ella loved every minute of it.

She was wild.

I wasn't a fan. She had one of those pushy personalities. The world seemed to revolve around her and her big boobs. God, she had some of the largest tits in my year. We were halfway through our sophomore year, and she just outshined us all.

She didn't outshine that elf with 

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Dude, what is taking so long, sis! Saffron called. You're going to make us have to skip breakfast. You know that makes me cranky.

Sorry! I gasped and turned off the shower. I hopped out, reaching for the towel when she just walked in her small breasts quivering, her black hair swaying about her face. 

Her boobs were so cute, just perfect to cup and...

My cheeks burned as I squeaked, What are you doing in here?

She gave me the weirdest look. It's not like we haven't shared a bathroom before. Geez, what is up with you? You're out of it.

I really, really don't know, I said.

She hopped into the shower as I dried myself off. I wrapped my hair up in a towel and headed into the dorm to put on my makeup. I dressed in a bra and panties, my pussy so wet even after drying it. I would soak through my clean panties before I even made it to school.

I went with my pink panties that had the cute, white bow on the front and a matching bra trimmed in white lace. Since we had school uniforms, bra, panties, and socks were about the most expression you could have, and only one of those was seen by anyone.

But, still, I knew I had cute undies on.

I bet that elf would love to see my cute undies, floated through my mind as I worked on my makeup. 

What was wrong with me? Boys, boys, boys, boys!

I repeated that like it was a mantra against this sudden plunge into lesbianism. Or futanarism, since that was what a girl with a dick was called. Had my brain just made up the word futanari? It didn't ring any bells where I could have heard it.

Saffron came out of the shower in a cloud of pink naked and free. I watched her ass in my makeup mirror. She bent over to dig around in her drawer, her black bush peeking between her thighs. I could just see her.

I blushed. That was my sister I was ogling. My twin sister!

Maybe I was turning gay. I mean, it was the time in a girl's life when she was supposed to figure it out. There was nothing wrong with liking pussy over cock, though maybe I liked both. Maybe I was bi and that was why I had a dream about a girl with a huge cock.

Yeah, I liked that theory.

With my light amount of makeup on, my lips a blushing pink and blue eyes popping with my eye shadow, I grabbed my skirt. It was gray and pleated. I drew it up my legs, the elastic band holding it about my waist. It fell to only two inches from my knees. The blouse was white and crisp, the school's mascot, Queenie, on the front over my heart. My red bow tie went on next. I glanced outside. It looked sunny so I skipped the red cardigan I could wear on a chilly day. If it was really raining, I had a proper jacket and an umbrella.

My sister wore the same thing as me, though she pulled on a pair of thigh-high stockings, the black clinging to her legs and making them look sexy. I swallowed as I pulled on my ankle socks with a frill of pink lace around them. We slipped into our black saddle shoes and grabbed our bookbags.

We're too late for breakfast! groaned Saffron as we rushed downstairs. 

Just grab some toast, I said as we headed into the dining hall that was emptying of the other girls who lived in our dorm. Our private school had three of them. 

I snagged two pieces, just taking the time to butter them up, then we were darting outside and ending up the rear of a parade of schoolgirls heading to classes. The dorms were not on the grounds, they were late additions to the school. By then, the area around St. Mary's had become quite suburban. So we had a few blocks to walk. 

We munched on toast while my dream lingered in my mind. In the distance, St Mary's appeared. The three stories of red brick rose into the air. Above the entrance was a clock tower that rose another three stories, a marble angel perched at the pinnacle watching out over everyone. 

There was a joke she should be taken down and replaced with Queenie, the queen bee that was our mascot. A fierce and beautiful bee that adorned my blouse. 

I had my toast finished by the time we reached the school. I chatted with Saffron, my pussy still tingling. I really, really wanted to masturbate. I wanted to kiss my sister. My eyes kept falling on the skirts of the girls walking before us. A senior had a nice caboose, her skirt swishing and swaying back and forth. 

I was so horny and had a day of classes before me. No chance for satisfaction for hours and hours unless I wanted to risk jilling off in the school bathrooms. I mean, they were clean, but that was still grody doing that at school.

Virginia, can we just skip today? Saffron asked. Just go back to the dorm and lounge around eating junk food.

No, I told her, giving her a serious look. 

But I have Civics first thing. Civics!

I have math, I said. Boring math. I'll trade you.

Ew, no, said Saffron. That is not a fair trade. Double civics sounds a lot better than double maths.

Then don't complain, I told her as we walked by the school fence, the gymnasium rising beside us. It lay right next to the main building. I glanced at my sister as she walked between me and the chain-link fence. No skipping school. I'm going to make sure you go every day.

But I wanna! she whined, bouncing up and down.

You're not five any longer, I said heartlessly.

As I did, we passed the gap between the two buildings and there was Akane Tamura, the captain of the volleyball team, with her skirt around her waist and her panties bunched around her knees. She had her hands braced against the wall as Ella Savidge rammed into her from behind.

Oh, my god, I gasped, seeing that fleshy shaft from Ella's crotch. Was she a...?

No, no, futanari wasn't real. I dreamed it.

Holy shit, Saffron gasped, stopping like I did. My pussy grew hotter and hotter as my twin said, Ella is fucking Akane.

With a big dick! I gasped.

You mean strap-on, My sister said. Right?

Strap-on... Of course, that made a lot more sense than Ella having a dick. That thick and fleshy shaft had to be made of rubber or something. It was so lifelike. I swallowed, my cunt blazing with heat. My cheeks burning.

God, don't gawk, Saffron said, pulling me along. That's so nasty that she's doing it out in the open. And with Akane. I thought she had more sense than that.

Yeah, I said, my panties soaked now. The image of Ella's boobs heaving beneath her blouse as she fucked Akane with the strap-on dildo burned in my mind. The elf with a big dick thrusting out past her leaf joined Ella, the pair standing side by side in my imagination.

We're futanari, Virginia, Ella said, her hand stroking the elf's cock. The elf's stroking hers. We have pussies and cocks. Isn't that hot?

God, it so was.

I had to get my mind off these dumb fantasies. Just expunge them from my head. They were not helping with my itch. Futas weren't real. Girls didn't have dicks and pussies. If they had the operation, they had one or the other. Not both unless they were real intersex, and that was rare.

And Ella was not one. She was just fucking with a strap-on.

Saffron and I rushed into the school. The tardy bell would be ringing. I hugged Saffron, trying not to grab her ass or feel the impression of her small tits against mine, and then broke off to head to my math class.

I headed to the stairs, racing up them as fast as I could, my skirts swirling about my thighs. I passed the second floor and wheedle around to rush up to the third floor. I was panting only slightly as I joined the other stragglers heading to first period.

Math with Mrs. Webb. I headed down a few doors and then slipped into the room. Brgida and Aria were both there and smiled at me. My two friends were cute. I had known they were cute, but now... Now they were delicious.

Brgida patted the seat between hers and Aria's. I shuddered. Too cute for me to be sitting between them. But so were a lot of the girls in the classroom. I threaded through the desk, passing girls who smiled, nodded, or said hi to me. I greeted them back.

Hey, Myra, I said to the Hispanic girl in the front seat. Break a leg on Friday.

Thanks, Myra said, her smile tight. I can't believe I got the lead.

You'll kill it. Then I glanced over and said, Hey, Mary Jo!

Morning, Virginia.

Morning, Brgida said when I reached her, pushing up her glasses. She was a nerd, her black hair gathered in a French braid, the plait thick and glossy. Her golden-brown skin was such a fetching shade. On the side of her bag hung a pink-haired girl from one of the Isekai Anime she liked. 

Ram, I think was her name. That was important. All the posers like Rem, but Ram's the complicated one.

It made nooooo sense to me.

Morning, I said, my pussy on fire as I sat down between the two cuties.

Good morning, Virginia, Aria said brightly. The Black girl had such a wonderful shade of coffee-brown skin. I mean, just gorgeous. She already had a motherly smile, her great ambition to find a spouse and be a housewife radiating from her. She would make a great mom. She wore her black hair in a collection of braids that swayed around her shoulders, each covered in multicolored beads. They clacked together in a fun way. Oversleep?

Over-showered, I said and slumped into my seat. Weird dreams.

Oh? Brgida asked. She looked up from her phone. She was probably reading one of those Japanese light novels. They were like Anime in print form, as crazy as that sounded. 

Yeah, I said, shrugging. I couldn't tell my twin sister about the dickgirl-elf I had conjured up, let alone my friends. It was just too weird.

And I needed to cool off.

Okay, okay, Mrs. Webb said, drawing my attention to the absolute MILF who taught the class. Wow, when did Mrs. Webb become such a babe?

I was almost drooling at the sight of the busty woman. She wore her brown hair in a bun, which somehow made her even sexier, her pencil skirt fitting about curving hips and a plump rump. She had nylons on that made her legs look gorgeous. I licked my lips as her mature gaze swept the room. Old enough to be my mother and not...

God, what had happened to me? 

I hope you all did your homework, she said. We'll be tackling even harder problems today, and the worksheets will have laid the groundwork to excel today. Pass them forward.

For a moment, panic shot through me. Had I done mine? Of course, Brgida had done hers. She excelled at math. She breathed it. Me, I had to pound my head against the textbook. I opened up my bag and...

Found a folded worksheet covered in black ink. I had finished it. Hopefully, I had the answers right. I passed mine up with the others. Mrs. Webb collected it, her big boobs jiggling in the light-blue blouse she wore.

To bury my head between those big knockers... They were the size of the elf's, I think. And what if Mrs. Webb secretly had a big dick, too. This mighty shaft that she could use to teach me so many naughty things.

When did my mind become Letters to Penthouse?

I struggled to focus as Mrs. Webb began talking about the more advanced problems. It was hard to focus on a typical math lesson, but today, I was following those big boobs as they bounced back and forth. They heaved and frolicked before the class as words flowed through one ear and out the other, unrecognized by my brain, My pussy clenched, my panties growing wetter and wetter.

Okay, I want this worksheet completed for tomorrow, said Mrs. Web as papers rustled. I blinked and realized that class was over. I hadn't paid attention to a single thing she said. I took it and stared at the problems.

I can't do these, I groaned.

Why don't you come over to my dorm, Brgida said. You, me, and Aria can study. I know you'll need help with chemistry, too.

That was another class the three of us shared.

Oh, Brgida, you're a lifesaver. I could just kiss you. My heart skipped a beat. I wanted to kiss her. Would she say yes?

She just rolled her eyes. You don't need me. Just pay attention instead of drooling over whatever guy you have a crush on.

Yeah, yeah, guy, I said then touched my chin. Yikes, I had been drooling. I pulled out a handkerchiefevery St. Mary's girl had oneand dabbed it up. Then I headed out of the room with the others.

I had English next. I parted with my friends, giving Myra some more encouragement, and headed down to the second floor. The English classes were by the library. I moved through the bustle of cute schoolgirls. Man, St. Mary's had a bevy of hotties. Why, why, why did I have to become bi or lezzie.

I was surrounded by temptation. My poor panties would never survive this environment.

The itch to masturbate grew and grew in me. I groaned, stumbling in a daze down the hallway. For a moment, it was like the girls around me were trees towering over me. That strange forest. I shook my head and pinched my cheeks.

I needed to cum. Badly.

I gave a glance to the bathroom, biting my lower lip. No, no, that was nasty. Only perverts masturbated at school. Just like only perverts would fuck Akane with a strap-on out where everyone could see her.

Said pervert was heading into Mrs. Bean's classroom ahead of me. Ella Savidge. The busty redhead had a sauntering sway to her step. She exuded feminine sensuality, like a succubus in the flesh. A lezzie succubus. If she fucked me with her cockstrap-on!from behind, I would cum so hard. I would just explode.

I slipped into the classroom and found Ella chatting to Mrs. Bean. Our teacher, a raven-haired MILF though not as fine or bust as Mrs. Webb, was nodding to whatever Ella was saying. I took my seat in the middle.

 A moment later, Saffron and our friend Lada entered. The Russian blonde was a striking girl. She had a boldness about her that went well with being the head cheerleader despite only being a sophomore. She moved with a natural grace, her skirt fluttering. Somehow, she got away with wearing it three inches higher than any other girl, showing off so much of her glorious, toned thigh.

Is it true? Lada asked, sitting on my right, her big boobs jiggling in her tight, white blouse. Did Ella really fuck Akane before school? Or is Saffron fucking with me.

I am not messing with you, my twin said, taking the seat to my left.

She's not, Lada, I said, my eyes lingering on those big boobs. God, I was starting to get why guys were always staring at tits. They were hypnotic. The way they moved and jiggled. They had this enticing delight to them.

Just beckoning for your touch.
We saw her.
Damn, Lada said. That is wild. I knew Ella was bold, but public sex. You know, she's made it with three girls on my squad.

Really? I asked, my cheeks warming. That's... I mean...

Lada glanced at me, her brow narrowing. You're blushing? Did it shock you seeing them fuck? You're cool with, you know?

Very cool with lesbians, I said, squirming. It was just surprising. I mean, seeing something like that on your morning walk to school would stun anyone.

Virginia thought Ella had a real cock, but it was a strap-on, Saffron said. I mean, where would Ella hide a shaft that big? I've seen her in panties. She's not tucking.

Mmm, true, said Lada.

Okay, okay, Mrs. Bean said, let's get settled down. You can gossip about boys or whatever later. Her eyes fell on the three of us.

Right, later, Saffron said. We'll do our best to keep Virginia's thoughts out of her favorite boy's boxers.

Sniggers erupted through the room. Oh, my sweet, dear sister was so dead.

English wasn't nearly as bad a Math mainly because it was a lot more interactive. You had to pay attention as passages from Othello were read and we had discussions about it, though Mrs. Bean rolled her eyes when the word cuckold was read and we all burst into immature giggles.

Still, my arousal problem was not going away. My pussy had never been so wet in my life. It was all so overwhelming. As the class ended, I seriously considered heading into the bathroom and just biting the bullet, as it were.

Just flicking the bean until I had my climax.

Only problem, Lada and I both had Civics together. If I went to the bathroom, she'd go to the bathroom. And if I was in there flicking the bean, questions would be asked. I would have to lie. She'd noticed that I was all flustered.

I would never get my relief.

Later! Saffron said and flashed us the peace sign. I'm off to Latin.

Mmm, and I'm off to the dread Civics.

God, no, Latin is the worst. Want to swap?

I think we've covered that doubling up on Civics is the easy choice, I said as Lada and I headed for the stairwell. Back up to the third floor. The civics classes were up there. I stretched my back, not wanting to go to it.

But that was life. Doing things you didn't want to do.

Lada and I headed to the back. The cheerleader was never one for the front rows, and being in Ms. Bisset's class was never a delight. She was a slender teacher with long, black hair who never looked happy in her life.

Well, she had a big smile on today. 

I blinked at that as I settled down in the back. When Akane came in, bringing up flashes of seeing her getting pounded by Ella's strap-on, she darted up to the teacher. The pair were talking about something, both of them nodding. Akane's cute rump rocked from side to side.

The Japanese girl had a toned body. Fit. Athletic. That ass had still jiggled as Ella had shot it.

I can't believe you saw Ella tapping that butt, said Lada. I really thought she was on our team.

Uh, our team? I asked.

My friend stretched her back, her large breasts pressing against her blouse. Yeah, team hetero. Didn't think she'd ever switch sides. Oh, well, Ella's supposed to be good at getting in girls' panties.

Yeah, I said, the lusts almost overwhelming me.

The ache pulsed in the depths of my pussy. This drumming force that needed releasing. It had to explode out of me. I felt so hot. I tugged at my blouse's collar, the heat rising in my cheeks. The room grew stiffly. That sort of heat that made you sleepy. Just want to nap.

Okay, okay, said Ms. Bisset, let's continue talking about the Judicial Branch and how they have dealt with executive power, for instance, when Franklin Delano Roosevelt had threatened to pack the courts if the justice wouldn't stop overturning parts of his New Deal. This is where the power struggle has always lain between the Judicial and the Executive branches. The Executive, the President, has the guns. And if he has the senate on his side, well, there's a lot he can do.

Her words droned and I found my head laying down on my arms. I was in the back. She might not notice. It was so warm. So hot. I needed satisfaction. I needed something big and hard thrusting into me. I needed that elf to fuck me.

...you're back... she whispered in my mind. ...that's wonderful... ...we need you to save the world and... ...and... ...what's wrong?...

Hot, I whimpered. So hot.

...then let me kiss you and make it all go away... ...just relax... ...I have you...

Lips kissed mine.

I opened my eyes and stared into deep, violet eyes. Up close, I could see all the stria of purples, light and dark, that mixed in her irises. Her lips were on mine, her cool hands cupping my burning cheeks.

She broke the kiss and lifted her head. She smiled down at me. Welcome back.

Yeah, I panted. 

I was back in the trees. Above, the sunlight glittered on the golden maple leaves. A light breeze rustled through them, making the reflected brilliance dance around in an almost hypnotic pattern. They were so bemusing I hardly felt the hands squeezing my breasts.

I was so worried when you vanished, the dickgirl-elf said, her fingers digging into my round boobs. But now your back, so...

I gasped as her lips engulfed my nub. She suckled on my nipple. My eyes widened at the intense feeling. It shot delight down to my molten cunt. I groaned, squirming on the ground. It was so soft, loamy but not dirty. The elf's tongue danced around my hard nub, stroking over my areola.

It felt incredible. My pussy clenched every time she suckled. She nursed on it, her long ears twitching. I groaned, shocked at how good my nipple felt. This dream was so wild. So intense. So... real. 

But it couldn't be real. Because that would mean I had been transported to another world. 

And that was just silly.

Oh, yes, I groaned, just glad to have the touch. I wanted to enjoy this. To be soothed by her tongue swirling licks around my nipple. My pussy drank it in. I could feel my orgasm building. 
So I would let her make me cum. I needed satisfaction so much.

That's so good, I groaned.

She squealed around my nipple, clearly excited by what she had done to me. She suckled on me, nursing and nibbling. It felt incredible. I groaned, savoring the way she pleasured me. My back arched. My eyes squeezed shut. 

My pussy grew hotter and hotter. Wetter and wetter. I was so eager for her to touch me there and yet so content to let her just worship my nipples forever. She massaged my other boob, her digits sliding up and up to my nub. She tweaked my nipple while nibbling with her lips on the other.

It was sublime. Wonderful. I just closed my eyes and let her touch relax away all my concerns. I smiled, squirming on the ground as the dickgirl-elf nursed on my nub. But did she really have that big cock.

I shifted my left leg, sliding it up. I brushed something swaying from her crotch.

Her mouth popped off. Mmm, you're eager to meet my big dick, aren't you?

Yeah, I said. I could lose my cherry in a dream. This wasn't real. So it wouldn't count. How does it work. Having a pussy and a cock.

Surely, you've seen a futanari before, she said and sat up. 

Nope, I said.

Oh, never seen one naked, huh?

They're not real. This is all my dream.

Not... real... The elf arched a delicate, violet eyebrow, her large tits jiggling before. Mmm, that's rather insulting. But, I suppose, coming here from another world would be confusing.

Naw, I'm sleeping in Civics, I said. Still, I'm curious to see what my perverted mind has conjured.

Okay, she said and pulled back her leaf. There, thrusting from the folds of her pussy, was a huge dick. She had no hairs on her gorgeous snatch, her labia wrapped around the massive shaft. I swallowed, seeing pussy juices beading on her vulva.

Oh, my, I gasped.

Mmm, I know, she said. Even for an elf, I'm endowed. Luck you.

Luckily me, I breathed and then gasped as the elf dove her head for my pussy. her long ears brushed my inner thighs moments before her lips nuzzled into my bush.

She kissed my vulva.

I gasped at the contact of her mouth on my cunt. I shuddered at the sensation. My eyes widened. Heat rushed through me. I shivered. Her tongue gave a slow, steady lick. I groaned, my entire body bucking from her stroking caress.

I whimpered again at how great it felt. 

This was so intense. So amazing. 

I couldn't believe I was fortunate enough to enjoy this. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. Just thundering away from the bliss of her tongue licking and lapping at my snatch. I bit my lip, groaning as she caressed over my hymen.

It was awesome. Amazing. My boobs jiggled as I squirmed. My heart pounded in my chest. This wild beat rushed through me. Her tongue licked up and down, caressing me with her wicked touch. I scrunched my face up.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, I gasped as she licked up to my clit. She stroked it, and I bucked, my orgasm building so fast. I was so ready to cum. Oh, that's amazing!

She sucked on my clit, and I gasped. My back arched and then I exploded. My orgasm swept through me. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side as this amazing bliss rushed through me. My back arched. My round tits jiggled.

I groaned, savoring this delight. It was way better than masturbating. I had never had a sex dream that felt so good. The rapture spilled over my mind and sloshed through my thoughts. I groaned and squirmed, my mind drinking it in.

The Noble Heroine's pussy, moaned the elf. Thank you Eenoy for making cunts so tasty!

What? I moaned, coming down from my high.

The elf crawled up my body. I gasped as her heavy boobs dragged up my flesh. Her pale skin glittered with little specs. Her tits reached mine, pressing in them as her face hovered over me. Her green eye shone with delight. 

You're really here! she moaned and kissed me.

I groaned, her big boobs pressing into my tits while her lips were locked on mine. I tasted the sweet flavor of my virgin pussy. It was such a rush. I had never really sampled them before. They were good. What did other pussies taste like? What did the elf's taste like?

Before I could even ponder that, I realized there was something blunt nuzzling through my blonde pubic hairs. The elf's dick pushed against my pussy. I groaned at the hot contact. Her tongue thrust into my mouth as she shifted her cock around and found my hymen.

My eyes widened.

I was about to lose my virginity... No, no, it was just a dream. Way better than being awake for my civics lesson.

I didn't fight at all. I just savored the futa-elf pushing her girl-cock against my hymen. My membrane stretched and stretched before her dick. I quivered, my thighs squeezing around her, and then she popped my cherry. 

Her cock plunged into my untouched flesh.

I groaned, my virgin depths plundered for the first time. It might be a dream, but it felt incredible. I squealed into her kiss. I hugged the elf, my hands running up and down her back. Her skin felt so smooth while her dick...

Her girl-dick made my pussy feel so stretched out as she went deeper and deeper. More and more of her cock entered me until she pressed against the depths of my pussy. She nuzzled into my cervix. I held her tight, kissing her with passion.

She drew back.

I whimpered my delight.

It was so incredible feeling her cock sliding out of my pussy. My brow furrowed. I whimpered, hugging her to me. I quivered in delight and then groaned as she thrust her cock back into my cunt. She buried deep and hard into me. I quivered there, shocked by how great that felt. How amazing it was to have her dick in me.

I broke the kiss and gasped out in delight as she pumped away at me. Her heavy breasts rubbed into my round tits. Our nipples caressed as she thrust into me again and again. She buried her girl-cock over and over into my cunt. I groaned, my face scrunching up as I loved the feel of her plowing into me.

Oh, my god! I moaned.

Eenoy's sweet cunt! she purred, thrusting into me. Ooh, ooh, that's wonderful. You're so amazing!

Your dick is awesome! I moaned.

I know! she grinned at me, her violet hair falling around our faces. Ooh, ooh, you're going to save the world!

She kissed me before I could answer, my pussy clenching down on her girl-cock. She slammed to the hilt in me again and again. Every thrust into me swelled me to another orgasm. The friction was incredible.

My pussy felt made for her huge girl-dick. She stretched me out so wonderfully. My toes curled every time she bottomed out in my pussy. I groaned, kissing her with hunger. Her cock slammed into me. She filled me up.

I loved it.

Savored it.

Our tongues danced as her amazing cock brought me closer and closer to cumming. I squirmed beneath her on the wonderful loam. My deflowered pussy rejoiced every time she thrust into me. The pressure grew in my pussy. 

Her strokes grew faster and faster.

She moaned louder and louder.

I stroked her back, eager to cum and for her to flood my pussy. That was what I needed. Why I was having this wild dream. She drew back, my pussy clinging to her withdrawing clit-dick. Then she buried back into me, pleasures rippling through my body. It felt so right.

So amazing.

Her futa-cock slammed into my pussy hard. I gasped, breaking our kiss and holding the busty elf tight. I quivered beneath her, my pussy clenching down on her thick cock. She stretched me to my limits. My deflowered twat drank in the delight, feeding it to my orgasm.

Oh, god! I gasped and came.

My pussy went wild around the elf's big dick. She pumped her cock away at my snatch as the pleasure rippled through me. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side, the rapture surging over my body. 

Eenoy's tight cunt and Gnila's big dick! howled the elf as she buried into me. Yes!

Her cum fired into my pussy. Spurt after spurt of her jizz flooded me. I gasped, feeling her futa-seed splashing against the depths of my cunt. I groaned, my pussy rippling around her. I was milking her, my cunt hungry for her cum.

Oh, yes, yes, I moaned, my twat drinking in her cunt. 

Mmm, you're so sexy! she moaned. You're going to defeat the Demon Lord and save the world! Yay!

Yes, yes, I am! I gasped, lost to this dream. Oh, my god, that's amazing!

My pleasure washed over my mind. As her cum flooded my pussy, it soaked my thoughts. I shuddered through this amazing bliss. I quivered, my heart pounding with such a wild beat. My fingers clawed her back while my toes curled and flexed. 

I groaned, enjoying every moment of this bliss. Savoring every last second of this orgasm. It was amazing. I couldn't wait to have sex in real life. I hugged the dickgirl-elf to me and shuddered through all the rapture she gave me.

Oh, that's awesome, I groaned. Mmm, you're wonderful.

So are you, Noble Heroine. The elf beamed at me, her futa-dick firing the last time into my pussy. I found you. Me! Ooh, will I be apart of your harem?

Harem?

Your futa harem! They'll help you defeat the Dark Lord.

Yeah, sure, I panted, feeling amazing. Welcome to the harem.

The elf beamed at me.

The world shook around us as she said that. I felt the world drifting away. My pussy clenched on her cock like I was trying to anchor myself. The elf gasped, staring down at me in horror. She shook her head, her violet hair dancing around her face.

No, no, you can't go! she gasped. You have to stay!

The world shook harder. A quake rocked the forest and yet... The trees didn't bend. The leaves didn't rustle. It was only me that was shaking and then the world fell into darkness. My pussy was so empty and...

I opened my eyes to see Ms. Bisset shaking me, her face full of disapproval. I blinked and sat up. I shivered and realized I was in my classroom. My cheeks burned. I just had a sex dream in the middle of civics.

Enjoy your nap? Ms. Bisset asked. 

Sorry, Ms. Bisset, I said, my cheeks blushing. 

No, no, sorry for boring you so much you decided to have a siesta, she said, shaking her head. Now, where was I?

I blushed in embarrassment and pulled out my handkerchief to wipe the drool off my chin. I felt really, really good, though. I had a nice orgasm. My panties were soaked. They were clinging to my trimmed bush. I shifted, my clit throbbing and aching. Was I still horny?

I tried to ignore it, but it grew more and more uncomfortable. My panties were squeezing about my shaft. I frowned and went to adjust myself when I felt this bulge beneath my skirt. I froze as I felt it growing. It stretched out my panties, the fabric becoming so uncomfortable until the tip of my clit popped out of the waistband.

I squeezed the bulge.

I had a cock.

I had become a futa. I squeezed again, wondering if I could still be dreaming. I looked at the rest of the class staring board at Ms. Bisset. My heart beat a thousand times a second. I had a dream of a dickgirl-elf and now I had a cock.

The room spun around me. 

To be continued...
