Before we embarked on that trip to Salem little did I know what was in store for us. This was in June 1999 when we went there for my wife's sister's marriage. Although of kannada origin my in-laws have lived in Tamilnadu for a long time. We arrived two days before the marriage and noticed that the house although large was full of relatives and friends. This was not unusual as with most indian marriage celebration. I suggested to Malavika that we stay in a hotel but she refused on grounds that her parents will feel insulted.

We were pretty much confined to our room on the first floor which was the best thing to do amidst all the activity. My in-laws refused my offer of any help and requested me to relax. Of all their relatives I was close to my wife's first cousin Suresh who was about 18 years old at that time. He liked to discuss music with me and played tennis and chess with me whenever we got an opportunity. On day one Malavika, her sister Aparna, Suresh and I played some tennis in the morning. After lunch we all went to our room upstairs and chatted for some time before my sister in law left the room saying she was going to take a nap. Suresh and I agreed on a game of chess and my wife wanted to read something. Suresh sat on the foot end of the bed opposite to me while Malavika was sitting at the head end of the bed leaning against the wall. From my position I could see my wife clearly in the large dressing mirror that was at the foot end of the bed behind Suresh. About 10 minutes into the game I glanced at the mirror and noticed that my wife had her knees bent to make her reading easier. I also noticed that her white night gown was riding high exposing her lower legs from just above the ankle.

I did not mind at that point but a few minutes later I noticed that the hem of her nightie had gone higher to reveal her hairy but fair skinned lower legs. I was a bit disturbed in the beginning as Suresh was her cousin and this will not look nice. But I also noted that suresh was constantly stealing glances towards where my wife was sitting. " Oh my gawd, , what is he trying to see?", I thought to myself. It soon became clear that his eyes were going towards my wife's legs. I could not believe that this guy would be interested in looking at his married cousin sister in that way. The chess game had slowed down as I was also looking at the mirror frequently. I was in for more shock as I noticed that Malavika had drawn her dress higher to just below knee level. "Holy shit, what is she playing at? Is she deliberately exposing herself to her cousin?", I mumbled to myself. My rush of blood was soon turning from annoyance & shock to excitation. Unconciously my loin was getting heavier. I had no idea of spoiling the proceedings and deliberately slowed my game down.

Suresh was obviously pumped up seeing his cousin sister, nearly twice his age, exposing her censored areas to him. He seemed to grow bolder even in my presence and adjusted his position repeatedly to get a good view of his target. For my part I stretched myself a bit before moving a little to my left to make it easier for him. At that point I started to think, " What and how much can he see?". In the mirror I could see that if my wife pulled the dress up any further her thighs will definitely visible from Suresh's position. Just when I was running these thoughts in my mind Suresh did something that sent my heart racing. He told me that his legs were aching and he descended from the bed to kneel on the floor. " Bastard he's right on track. He must be seeing better now", I thought. I was not sure if they were signalling each other but my wife broke all rules soon. Within a minute after Suresh sat on the floor I could clearly see Malavika hook her fingers to her night gown and literally yanked it up. This removed any doubts I had about my wife being unaware of all this. She was doing it on purpose. The bitch was getting horny and making me horny as hell!!!

Even from my position I could see that her nighty's hem was at her knees and she had spread her thighs a little. Her face was still behind the book she was reading but there was no doubt that she was exhibiting herself on purpose. My heart was racing like hell and I remember sweating a lot especially given the hot June weather. Curiously enough Suresh also had constant beads of sweat on his forehead and nose which he repeatedly kept wiping on his t-shirt. I always considered him a very nice boy with innocent manners. But today his basic instincts got the better of him even though it was his older cousin sister who was the object of his sexual desire. He found it difficult to control his body language as he was getting a good look at my wife's intimate areas below her hip. Looking into the mirror I could see Malavika's golden but hairy thighs and wedged in the middle her white panty was peeking mischeviously. White Panty?? None of her knickers were plain white in colour as far as I knew. The only white ones she had were flowery patterned. So where did this plain white underwear come from? 'I must be mistaken, let me get a better look', I thought. I was at the same time hoping that Suresh gets a really good look for the sake of our satisfaction. So I made sure I don't hide his view by leaning to my left side.

I am not sure who was the most stimulated but Malavika was surely the horniest person in that room. She did not keep us waiting for too long as she drew her legs higher and spread her legs well enough for her crotch to be fully exhibited. I noted that she also leaned back a little to make herself comfortable with the new position. I still cannot forget the compromising situation my wife was in, on that day in letting her much younger cousin to look at her private parts. The night gown's hem was at wrapped around her knees and her thighs were wide open allowing ample view to her genital mound only covered by this white panty. It was now clear that it was a plain white underwear and it looked a bit old as well. My eyes were looking at the mirror while Suresh was nervously transfixed to his cousins exposed interiors. The panty looked very tight on her vulva. ' The bitch must have pulled it higher at her waist to make it tight below that', I assumed. The sheer eroticism of what was being displayed cannot be imagined without actually experiencing it first-hand. Having sex is just a natural instinct behaviour, but these kind of sexual experiences are ultimately erotic and happens only in such situations.

The knickers were so tight that my wife's liberal vulva was bulging and made a neat impression inspite of being covered by dense pubic hair. In fact the panty crotch was not adequate enough to enclose her genitals entirely and plenty of hair was sticking out from the sides. The panty was more to the left side and a small portion of her dark labia on the right side was peeking out. This always disturbed me a bit because it's something I feel a bit uncomfortable about. For an average south Indian Malavika was a fair skinned beauty but her genital areas are very dark skinned and look out of place when you get to look at it. I am not alone in this thought because one of our close friends Senthil commented to me once after a passionate session with my wife that he was shocked at first to see her 'really dark cunt lips', to quote him. He's amongst a select few of our friends who gets to worship Malavika regularly as he lives near our house. He's such a hypocritic bastard because today his favourite pastime when visiting us is to lick my wife between her legs and eat the place he once thought look 'dark and ugly'. Malavika often tells me that Senthil is a 'really good cunnilingist.'and of course the horny as hell bitch loves it. A very important matter of fact is that all asian women irrespective of their general skin colour have dark pigmented genitals. A friend of mine in the fashion industry once told me that he had a short affair with a leading Indian actress of yester years and that she definitely had 'a dark vagina', in his words.,,,,Back to the story now.

Both Suresh and me were watching Malavika's panty crotch keenly. She must have realized this and it made her to ooze her fluids as it was obvious that her panty centre stated to show a damp spot which started to spread. This made her panty transparent and stick more to her labia. At that point I suddenly told Suresh, 'Can you go down to the kitchen and get us all a cold drink'? He tried to act normal as got up and left the room. I turned to my wife and said, 'Hey Malviks bitch, are you crazy or something? He's your bloody cousin'. 'Relax Vish, are we new to this ? I am just playing a bit that's all. Why, are you not enjoying this? I bet you are!!!' my wife argued. ' I agree but let's not take this too far. He's young and also closely blood related. I am uneasy about this. Please don't take it personally, I never object to other things with other people do I?', I pleaded. 'Vish I promise I won't let him fuck me but are you ok for some fun?', she quizzed me running her tongue tip on her lips. I agreed. ' But Malviks, I have never seen this white panty of yours. Is it from your old collection at your house?' I enquired. 'No I forgot to pack my undergarments Vish. I realized only today morning and had to take Aparna's panty, but her bra did not fit my size.' 'You mean you stole your sister's knickers. How very dirty?' 'Listen, do you want me to wear my old one which I wore from yesterday in this hot weather? You must have seen how dirty it was when I changed it in the morning. I said I forgot to pack my undies. We will buy some in the evening', my wife argued 'So that's why it's so tight and hardly conceals your entire cunt. Do you know how much hair is sticking out and you right lip is peeping out. Don't you know your sister is smaller than you?' I moaned 'Vish please try to understand. Do you know I also tried one of my Amma's(mother) panties.

They were all old and big sized and you can imagine how it will look' my wife explained. As soon a we heard footsteps I disappeared into the attached bathroom and Malavika went back to her position. I did not lock the bathroom door fully and decided to be a peeping-tom. There was also a large curtain in front of the door that provided more cover. I turned the taps on and off a few times to give an impression that I was engaged in bathroom/toilet business. But I was promptly back to the door to watch the erotic happenings in our bedroom. Suresh offered Malavika a pepsi and asked, 'Akka where is he?' 'He's just gone into the toilet Suresh. Why don't you sit down?', she pointed to a place right in front of where she was sitting. He sat down nervously. Malavika was back to her book reading but her fuzzy area was fully open to her little cousin brother. My position was right behind Suresh and I was getting the best view possible. Sipping his drink, I noticed Suresh's head turn towards the target bravely as my wife's face was behind the book.

I was unable to see his reactions from my place but it was obvious where he was focussed. Malavika was gently shaking her thighs in and out as if absent mindedly. I was breathing fast as I saw the tight panty crotch which was now fully sodden wet. With her gentle shaking movements I noticed in erotic anticipation that her panty was sliding to the left . This made more of the her right cunt lip to slide outwards. The panty moved until the right border got wedged into her cunt partition into her cleft. I was witnessing a very intense sexual scene as I saw her entire right labia on display. I did not know what Suresh felt or thought seeing all this. I was not sure if he had ever seen a female genital area before. It was actually an ugly scene- my wife's pitch dark cunt lip covered with abundant hair and looking very gooey and wet. But looking at the whole picture of a beautiful Indian woman with her exposed genitals made it seriously erotic and stimulating. 'Akka, Suresh spoke, 'Do you know...He broke of as Malavika lowered her book and looked at him with her misty eyes. 'What Suresh?' she asked him innocently 'Akka, can you sit properly. Everything is being seen', he said meekily 'Don't you like it Suresh?' she almost whispered

He did not answer but turned and looked briefly towards the bathroom. 'I think he will take some more time Suresh. And he really will not mind' she said asssuringly. He fell silent. Malavika got up and locked the front door and said, 'Suresh if they ask why we locked the door, we have to say the children were making noise and disturbing by running around ok?' He nodded passively. 'Suresh do you want to see it fully?' she said sitting close to him 'Akka...a.', he struggled for words 'Have you seen this before? 'No..Akka..' Before he said anything more Malavika leaned back and shamelessly lifted her clothes well above her hips. She wasted no more time. 'Suresh look..' she said as she hooked her fingers to her panty lining in the crotch and eased to her left side. 'My gawd! My gawd!.', I thought as I was rubbing my penis rapidly Her entire cunt was now on display for her cousin. She adjusted her bum a little and without warning held hid right hand and rubbed his fingers on her thick dark vulval folds. The young man needed no further prodding.

He lay flat on his stomach and put one hand to hold my wife's panty to one side while probing her dirty lips with his other hand. 'Akka you are very smelly', he said before dipping his face into his sister's genitals. Malavika held her legs apart, leaned back and held hid head to her pubis and gyrated her hips against his face. I had already ejaculated once, but my dick was hard in no time with my fist beating it furiously. I revelled in seeing my wife's cunt being peeled apart by her cousin who was licking it like a dog. 'This..This..', Malavika grunted as she lifted her fleshy and thick clitoris and begged him to lap at it. He obliged and started sucking it like it was a lolly. My fist was stroking my cock furiously as I was gagging with lust watching my wife seducing her cousin. Then as I expected my wife turned and went on all fours. She removed her knickers entirely, lifted her gown and offered her bum to her cousin. He started to rub his hands and face on her rounded buttocks cheeks. He massaged it a few times before my wife got impatient. She put both her hands to her bum and pulled her cheeks apart to reveal her asshole. Her cunt also was fully visible from her back. 'Do you want to lick there Suresh?' She whispered 'Akka.it smells bad.no', he replied 'Please Suresh, just try once ..for your Akka's sake...please man', my wife implored He took me by surprise as he buried his nose and mouth between her bum gap.

I had to open the door and step out a bit as I could not get a good view. She was still holding her buttocks apart as he explored her brown puckered asshole covered by a ring of hair. Malavika has 2 prominent protrusions in her asshole (which her doctor told us were veins) and suresh was running his tongue on them. My wife's anus opened and closed continuously in spasm. He lapped at my wife's shit hole for some time before he transferred his attention to Malavika's cunt lips again. It's easy to make my wife orgasm when licking her from behind when she is on all fours like a dog. That's what happened as my wife orgasmed on her cousin's face in the next few minutes. She was soon up and grappling at Suresh's loins. He was still in his tennis shorts from the morning. Malavika pulled and drew up he left side to expose his briefs. She pushed him down and pulled out his young hard penis and planted a kiss on the tip. Suresh had lot of foreskin on his cock. She jacked him for some time before engulfing it in her sweet mouth. It was rather small and my wife found it easy to suck. Poor Suresh, he did not last more that a minute or two. He erupted violently and my wife's face and mouth was a slimy mess. She swallowed as much as she could. I had just ejaculated a second time, but seeing all this my penis was hard and throbbing in pain. I broke cover as Suresh was lying tired on the bed. I pushed my wife on the bed held her legs apart and pushed my hard dick into her vulval flesh. I entered her easily as she was soggy and wet. I fucked her furiously as I could smell Suresh's semen on her face and mouth. I did not mind, it only made me hornier.

We became really noisy as we fucked like crazy while Suresh was looking at us in awe. Malavika was constantly mouthing,' Suresh watch your akka fuck, watch your akka fuck..' before we exploded together in a deep embrace. This remains a very special event in our memories and we refer to this incident frequently during sex. Malavika has fantasized fucking Suresh on many occasions and even asked me to consider that option. Although I may not entirely object now that he is much older, we live far away and makes that difficult. I am sure that my wife will not give up this idea for years to come. I don't think incest is right,it's ok for fantasy but in reality it is wrong. Will love to hear from you at cbe_100@yahoo.co.uk


