Shy Girl
by Rose-UK ©

Hi, this is my first attempt at submitting my experiences to a website, I 
hope you like the result. Both me and my husband love reading the stories 
on this site and deciding which are real and which are fictional, I can 
assure you that mine are real.

Let me describe myself first, my name is Rose, I am 27, I have long brown 
hair and dark eyes, I am slim with 34c breasts and I am 5” 6 tall. I have 
always been interested in sex from the age of seventeen but I had never 
felt really satisfied with all the boys I had been with. I never 
considered myself “easy” but I did have plenty of partners from the age of 
seventeen to about twenty-two. I then met Gary, who is now my husband, and 
my life changed for the better.

Gary was like a breath of fresh air, he enjoyed talking about sex, not 
just being rude but really discussing it openly and he encouraged me to 
broaden my horizons. Although he is 12 years older than I am we hit it off 
immediately and I felt very much at ease with him and he soon convinced me 
that sex was to be really enjoyed not just a way of gaining an orgasm.

Although I was already sexually active I had never really done anything 
even slightly kinky or risky but that was soon to change. We didn’t 
actually have sex for the first five weeks and I was beginning to think 
that he didn’t fancy me and I had contemplated finishing with him as I was 
getting incredibly frustrated. He then asked me to go to London with him 
as he had business there, he said his work would last no more than two 
days but we should go for a week and pamper ourselves. I got time off work 
and we went down to London and booked into a very plush hotel on Monday 
morning. The rooms were magnificent and I pampered myself with facials and 
massages all day as Gary went to his meetings. That night we ate in the 
hotel restaurant and had a bottle of Champagne which soon had us quite 
tipsy and we found a quiet corner of the bar as we chatted. It must have 
been the drink talking but I suddenly found myself asking him if he found 
me attractive. He looked at me and smiled as he took my hand and lead me 
back to our room.

That night he blew my mind, bringing me to the point of orgasm before 
slowing down again and again until I was begging him to make me cum. When 
I finally did it was magnificent, I screamed out loud until it subsided 
and then he held me for a few minutes before going down on me. No guy had 
ever performed cunnilingus on me before and I was a little apprehensive 
until his tongue made contact with my pussy and sent incredible sensations 
through my body. He soon brought me to orgasm again as he found my 
clitoris and I had to hold onto the bed for fear of falling off. We 
finished with me wanking Gary off onto my tits as I fondled his balls. He 
produced gallons of cum and we showered together before falling asleep in 
the big King size bed. 

I spent the next day in the hotel gym and seeing some of the sights before 
Gary returned back from his last meeting of the trip and we went for a 
bite to eat. Later that evening as we sat talking in a quiet bar we 
discussed the previous night and I told Gary how marvellous it had been 
and he thanked me for a great evening. I felt a bit embarrassed talking 
about it but Gary soon got me to talk about my likes and dislikes. He 
seemed surprised when I told him that he was the first guy to perform oral 
sex on me and we discovered that I really was very inexperienced in sex, 
not on the numbers of partners, just on the variety and experiences. Gary 
asked me about my fantasies and I became shy, telling him I didn’t really 
have any. He didn’t believe me and encouraged me to talk about it. Another 
drink helped and I eventually confessed that I got really turned on when 
guys looked at me sexually and I sometimes masturbated over the thought of 
them thinking about me. He was very intrigued about this and asked how 
often I played with myself, and I told him I did it quite often, maybe two 
or three times a week. He asked if I had ever let anyone watch me do it 
and I looked shocked and said that I hadn’t but he replied that it was 
quite normal and nothing to be ashamed of. He could see I was a little shy 
so he didn’t press the subject and we changed the subject. We eventually 
got round to talking about clothes and I confessed that I had never really 
tried wearing sexy clothes and that it was something I would like to try. 
Gary picked up on this straight away and asked what sort of clothes I 
would like to wear. I said that I didn’t really have any sexy underwear 
and I loved the clothes that girls wore at nightclubs but I would never 
have the confidence to try. Gary told me that I had a wonderful body and 
that I should be proud of it and again I blushed.

That night in bed we again made passionate love and he fucked me from 
behind which is by far my favourite position, I love feeling him deep 
inside my pussy, slowly sliding in and out of me as he holds onto my 
waist. After he had cum inside me I was still horny and felt a little 
naughty, so thinking about our earlier conversation I took a deep breath, 
threw the bedclothes off and started to touch myself. Gary was watching 
intently as I played with my hardening nipples and gently stroked my pussy 
lips. It felt good and knowing that Gary was staring at me made it even 
better. I felt very dirty but was loving every minute of it. I slowly 
slipped a finger inside me as Gary inched closer so he could have a better 
look. My nipples were incredibly hard now and I was breathing very heavily 
as I rubbed myself harder and faster. I soon had two fingers deep inside 
me as my other hand gently touched my throbbing clit and I soon came 
violently. I had almost forgotten that Gary was there but when I opened my 
eyes he was kneeling up frantically stroking his lovely hard long cock. He 
asked if I would take over and I readily agreed as I grabbed his hot pole 
and started to pull his foreskin back and forth. It felt wonderful and I 
suddenly had the urge to do something I had never done before, suck it. I 
knelt at the side of the bed and started to lick his big purple plumb like 
helmet. I had already confessed to Gary that I had never sucked cock 
before and he now said that I didn’t have to do it but I could tell he 
badly wanted me to continue. I carried on licking him and eventually took 
his tip in my mouth, my lips gently sucking him. By the noises he was 
making I knew that I was doing something right and I took more of him in 
my mouth. It tasted wonderful and as I licked his shaft and kneaded his 
balls his cock twitched in my mouth, showing his enjoyment. I was quite 
gentle at first but as I got more adventurous and I must admit, hornier, I 
became a bit more aggressive, taking more of him in my mouth and using my 
tongue and teeth on him. After about ten minutes Gary muttered that he was 
close to cumming, I wasn’t sure that I wanted him to shoot into my mouth 
so I carried on rubbing his cock until he shot his load all over my face. 
It went everywhere, all over my face, neck and hair and I was feeling 
incredibly dirty. 

I was so hot that I asked Gary to lick me and he didn’t need asking twice. 
I came pretty quickly and we cleaned ourselves up and sat in bed holding 
each other. I told him how sexy I felt asking him to lick me and he said 
it was a sign that I was feeling more confident in my sexuality. I asked 
him about his sexual likes and dislikes and he was very open about his 
sexual preferences. Some of the things he said shocked me, and some 
baffled me but they all sounded very hot and I found myself wondering why 
I did not find any of them disgusting.

The next morning Gary took me shopping, he said that I should throw out 
all my underwear and that he would help my pick out some new stuff. I 
headed for the department stores but he steered me to some more specialist 
shops that dealt with only lingerie. Some of the stuff we saw was amazing, 
fantastic designs and materials and he spent a fortune on dozens of items. 
Some of the stuff was tacky and I kept away from them but some of the 
stuff was very sexy and skimpy. After that we sought out some outfits for 
me to wear at night and I got some incredible dresses and tops, Gary kept 
telling me to be proud of my figure and I was surprised at how much 
confidence I had found and it reflected in my purchases.

That night we had tickets to a show in the West End, We had dinner in a 
lovely but busy restaurant, along with a bottle of wine, before we went to 
the show and I was a little tipsy. Before we had gone out I had dressed in 
my new clothes, in very sexy black knickers, which just covered my pubic 
hair, and a lovely matching half cup bra which really emphasised my 
breasts. Over them I wore a shortish black sleeveless dress and black high 
heels together with stockings and suspenders, something I had never worn 
before.

Gary had wanted to fuck before we left the bedroom but I managed to 
restrain him, although I was feeling very horny myself as we sat eating 
desert. Gary kept saying how sexy I looked and touching me up under the 
table until I was very wet. He then looked me in the eye and told me to 
take my knickers off. I thought I had misheard him but he repeated it and 
I laughed at him. He asked me again and I suddenly felt very wicked and 
smiled at him as I went to the bathroom. I returned a minute or two later 
and Gary looked intriguingly at me. I opened my bag to show him my 
knickers and his face lit up. I offered him my fingers to lick and he 
called me a dirty little slut, as he tasted my pussy juice on them.

We where both aching for a fuck now but we had to get to the theatre. As 
the show progressed, Gary put his hands on my leg and worked his hand 
underneath it. He got to my stocking tops and soon forced his finger into 
my hot wet hole, not that I offered any resistance. He played with my clit 
until I was close to cumming and I had to stop him as I just wanted to 
scream. I was on fire now and I am sure the couple sat next to us must 
have smelled my juices, which seemed to be flowing down my thigh. As soon 
as we opened the bedroom door we were on each other. Fast, hard and 
furious is the only way to describe our lovemaking that night. We fucked 
long into the night and I experienced a number of firsts including being 
tied up by scarves to the bed, being fucked as I was still clothed, being 
called a whore, slut and dirty bitch and finishing by swallowing Gary’s 
cum which tasted wonderful. Afterwards Gary was very concerned that he had 
not gone to far and I assured him that I had not done anything I didn’t 
want to. I went for a shower and remembering something he had said the 
previous night I shaved my pubic hair off completely. When he saw it he 
went wild and threw me onto the bed as he buried his head between my 
thighs. It felt wonderful to be shaven and the sensations were certainly 
enhanced because of it.

The next day I asked Gary to take me to Soho and I was soon entering my 
first ever sex shop. It wasn’t at all like I imagined as I looked around 
the bright clean shop. I noticed another woman in there browsing and it 
filled me with confidence, as I was a little nervous. I had never looked 
at porn before and was amazed at the sheer number of books, videos, DVD’s 
and toys they had. I was soon in my own little world reading the magazines 
and video covers. We where in for an hour and purchased a couple of 
videos, a few magazines and two vibrators which looked intriguing. One was 
a small silver one about five inches long and a larger, black one complete 
with foreskin and I couldn’t wait to lock the bathroom door and try them 
out.

As soon as we returned to the hotel I left Gary at the bar went to play 
with my new toys. They were amazing and I was immediately hooked on them 
as I had three orgasms within the hour. I asked Gary if we could go 
clubbing and he agreed on the condition that he could pick the outfit I 
was to wear. I nervously agreed and he smiled as I went for a shower. When 
I came out he had laid my outfit for the night on the bed with a note to 
meet him in the hotel bar. He had chosen a white G-string, very short 
cotton skirt, a tight backless blouse that revealed quite a bit and 
strappy high heels. I immediately noticed that there was no bra for me to 
wear and I started to dress feeling very excited.

On my way to the bar I got a few stares from guys I passed on the stairs 
and it made me feel very good, Gary was pleased that I had worn the outfit 
and after a drink we went straight to the club. Once there I felt great, I 
got plenty of attention from guys in there and as most of the other girls 
wear dressed as scantily as I was I felt really comfortable. The feeling 
of my nipples against the material of my top felt wonderful and my nipples 
stuck out prominently all night, which hot a few cheeky comments. Gary was 
not keen on dancing so spent most of the night watching me dance on my own 
or with a group of girls I met. I was asked by plenty guys if I wanted a 
dance or drink but I refused all of them. I later told Gary and he said he 
had no problem with me dancing with other men as he trusted me.

The next night we stayed in the hotel with a bottle of wine and I felt so 
comfortable with Gary that I thought nothing of him watching me with my 
vibrators. Seeing him get so excited really turned me on and I again 
swallowed his cum that night.

Once we returned back to Manchester our sex life continued unabated and I 
got used to going out dressed very sexily. I started to wear stockings and 
suspenders much more, together with short skirts or dresses and loved the 
attention the outfits gave me. I also went out quite often without any 
knickers on and one night I felt really dirty and flashed my shaven pussy 
at Gary as we sat outside a pub having a drink. This really turned him on 
and I did it more often.

We started making love in more unusual places and positions and I found 
that I love fucking in the open air. One evening as we were fucking in a 
local park a guy walked past us with his dog. He didn’t see us but the 
thrill sent me into orgasm and Gary teased me relentlessly for the 
following few weeks saying how much I enjoyed flashing. I eventually 
admitted that I had found it very excited so Gary dared me to go with him 
to the pub wearing a short dress, stockings and no knickers. I was used to 
this now so I agreed but he said that I must flash at him all night 
whenever he said so. I agreed and got ready quickly and we drove to a pub 
a few miles away. 

The pub was quiet as it was early and we got a table in the garden near 
the door. He told me to show him my cunt and his dirty talk really turned 
me on. I lifted my dress and let the cool air roll over my now hot pussy 
as he watched. After about an hour I had flashed at him about five times 
and I was also feeling a little drunk. The pub had got busier and Gary 
told me to sit facing out from the table so I did as I was asked and I was 
now facing the door to the pub. Gary started to play with my pussy lips 
and I was really horny when he told me to lift my dress up. I did as I was 
told and he said that I had to keep it lifted for twenty seconds. I was 
very excited as anyone could have come out of the pub and seen me but 
no-one did. I called him a bastard as I laughed but he said that I seemed 
more than happy to do it and I couldn’t argue.

Ten minutes later he told me to do it again and I smiled at him as I 
readily eased my hem up to show my stocking tops and pussy. This time I 
was not so lucky and almost immediately a middle aged guy came out, I 
started to shake with fear but forced myself to stay exposed. Fortunately 
he was carrying a few drinks and was busy concentrating on them so did not 
notice me. When he had passed Gary laughed and said my face was bright 
red, but he said he was proud with the way I had not panicked. Shortly 
after we walked back to the car and as he opened the door he told me to 
sit in the car with my legs outside the car, and with them wide open so 
anyone could see me, for one minute. I sat down, opened my legs and 
carried on chatting to Gary as if nothing was going on even though my 
stomach was full of butterflies. After about forty seconds a young guy of 
about twenty-five walked to his car and almost stopped in his tracks as he 
saw my pussy. His eyes were wide open as he slowed until he was almost 
stopped and just stared at my thighs. I could feel myself getting wet as 
he got closer, I found myself hitching my skirt up a bit more and opening 
my legs wider to give him a better view. All to soon Gary started the car 
and I got in as we drove away.

Gary was thrilled at what had happened and I was shaking with lust as we 
sped home. I could not wait and started to finger myself as Gary told me 
what he wanted to do to me. We fucked in the garden that night knowing 
that any neighbours could see us but not caring. 

As we lay in bed I told Gary how much I had enjoyed displaying myself and 
he said he was amazed at how much I had changed since we first met. He 
asked if he could have some photos and I said that he could, but he said 
he wanted some special photos, and I eventually understood him. The idea 
excited me and I agreed so the next day he bought an instant camera and 
started to snap away. We soon used all the film and we lay in bed looking 
at them as we fucked slowly. There were no outrageous ones, just me in 
various states of undress and playing with my tits but they really turned 
us both on. We took some more risqué ones over the next few weeks and 
admired them all regularly. One night after a party at some friends we 
invited a friend of Gary’s to stay the night. David was a great lad, quite 
quiet but very funny and I must admit really great looking. Back at ours 
we had a nightcap and I went to bed shortly. After about twenty minutes 
Gary came up and sat on the bed with a gleam in his eyes. He said that him 
and David had started to watch a dirty video and that Gary had told David 
about our photos. I was a bit annoyed but when he said that David wanted 
to see them I was horrified but also very excited. Gary laughed when I 
didn’t speak and asked that he knew I fancied Dave and I blushed as he 
picked up a bag of photos and left the room. I lay in bed masturbating for 
half an hour at the thought of David looking at the photos and orgasmed 
three times. Eventually Gary came back and fucked me twice as he told me 
how impressed David had been at the pics. 

The next morning I was to embarrassed to face Dave and didn’t get up until 
he was gone. Gary told me that David had taken a photo of me with a dildo 
deep inside my pussy and the thought of him seeing me like that made me 
demand that Gary fuck me hard from behind which he did.

Gary asked me to marry him shortly after that incident and I agreed there 
and then. Our fucking became more and more intense, I became more 
confident and my flashing increased enormously as well as experiencing 
many other outrageous incidents. If you would like to read more of them 
and believe me they are worth reading then please do contact me and if I 
get enough replies I will continue writing my experiences. Any comments 
would be gratefully received. 

Shy Girl Ch. 02
by Rose-UK ©

After we got engaged, Gary and myself decided to wait 12 months until just 
after my 23rd birthday until we got married. Our sex life continued to get 
better and better and our love grew and grew.

I was getting more and more confident sexually and Gary loved it as I took 
the initiative more and more. I kept my pussy permanently shaved and I 
can't remember a day passing when Gary did not use his hot wet tongue on 
me before we fucked long and hard. 

He continued taking photos of me in various poses and outfits and I loved 
showing off to the camera and we soon had a large collection of pictures 
of me which we loved looking at together. One problem was that Gary was 
not a fantastic photographer and he often complained that the quality of 
the pictures did not do me justice but there seemed to be little we could 
do about it. 

As I mentioned in my first submission, Gary has a thing for me exhibiting 
myself and it really turns me on to flash my body at people. I continued 
to do it and every time I did we had great sex that evening.

Not long after Gary asked me to marry him we went away for the weekend to 
York. The weather was fantastic and I took a few tarty outfits which I new 
would please Gary if I wore them out. On the Friday night I was 
intentionally taking my time to get ready and Gary said he would meet me 
in the hotel bar later. As soon as he was gone I shaved my pussy to make 
sure it was totally smooth and then started to get dressed. I put on a 
lacy red Wonderbra to emphasise my breasts, a suspender belt, black 
stockings, black high heels and finished it with a long red dress that was 
quite tight and went down to my calves. It had two large slits, one each 
side that went up to my thighs and exposed my stocking tops and suspenders 
whenever I moved. The dress was also cut quite low showing my tits off to 
great effect.

As soon as Gary saw me he could not keep his hands off me, as we sat and 
had a drink in the hotel bar he was touching me up and telling me how sexy 
I looked, he did not know at this point that I was knickerless. We had a 
few drinks in York and although Gary was eager to get back to the hotel I 
was loving the effect my outfit had on him and other guys who saw me. I 
was getting some very lustful looks and it was really turning me on and I 
could feel my pussy getting wet just thinking about what these guys were 
saying about me. I got lots of comments about my stockings whenever Gary 
left me to go to the bar and I told him when he returned and this just 
turned us both on more and more. 

Around eleven o'clock I was as desperate as Gary to get back as he had 
spent about 15 minutes playing with my pussy in a quiet bar we found. We 
had difficulty finding a cab so decided to walk along the river back to 
the hotel. It was very quiet and I kept hitching my dress up to show my 
bare wet pussy to Gary and after a few minutes we couldn't wait any 
longer. Although we were only 3 or 4 minutes from the hotel we dived on 
each other. Our tongues wrestled as Gary eased my tits free and played 
with my hard nipples. I could feel his erection pressing into me groin and 
I quickly freed it and started to masturbate him. He roughly turned me 
around and told me to bend over with my hands on the wall as he pushed my 
dress up over my waist and thrust into me. It felt so good I thought I 
would explode immediately as his balls slapped against my arse. His hands 
were still playing with my tits and I soon orgasmed with an intensity I 
had never experienced. I was shaking as I came down and I new Gary was 
also close to cumming and I had a sudden urge to take him in my mouth. It 
was my turn to be rough and I pushed him against the wall as I got down on 
my haunches and took him into my mouth. He started groaning as my tongue 
went to work on his gorgeous purple helmet. I took him deeper and deeper 
in to my mouth as I gently squeezed his balls and he told me he was close 
to cumming. Just as I got ready to take his jism I heard a loud cheer from 
above us and I looked to see a small gang of men watching us from a nearby 
bridge. I think Gary was to far gone to notice them and he let fly all 
over my face and throat and then he almost collapsed as relief came over 
him. 

The men were still watching and I was still feeling horny so I pulled up 
my dress and played with my pussy as they cheered and shouted disgusting 
things at me which turned me on more. Gary had now recovered and we almost 
ran to the hotel so we could fuck furiously. As we went through reception 
the young guy at the desk looked at me in amusement and for a second I 
didn't know why until I remembered and with a big grin I said that yes, it 
was cum all over my face. He blushed and we laughed as we sprinted to our 
room. We were both feeling truly dirty that night and for the next hour or 
so I was fucked with a number of dildo's, vibrators as well as bottles and 
brushes. Gary fucked me all over the room and I was covered in his cum. We 
finished with the curtains fully open, the light on with me wearing just 
stockings and heels leaning against the glass as Gary fucked me from 
behind, unfortunately I don't think anyone saw us.

The following evening I wore a different outfit as we were going to a club 
with some friends of Gary's so I wore some beige heeled knee boots, tiny 
brown skirt which just covered my arse and so I had to wear something 
underneath, I decided on a white thong. I chose a very tight halter neck 
top and no bra, which I new would show my nipples when I was hot later on. 
Gary loved the outfit and I let him lick my cunt as I lay on the bed until 
I came on his tongue.

We had a great evening and Gary's friends were really nice, David and Gary 
had been friends since school and David had moved to York about 2 years 
ago so they spent a long time catching up with each other. I got on really 
well with David's wife Sharon, who was a little older than me but was very 
attractive and also liked to dress sexily. She had been born in London but 
new Manchester very well as her brother lived there and it turned out that 
he lived only 5 minutes from us. 

We got to the club about midnight and we were all quite drunk by now. As 
the night wore on David flirted more and more with me, which I really 
enjoyed. I new Gary did not mind and he encouraged it as he openly flirted 
with Sharon.

The heat in the club and the sexy talk resulted in my nipples becoming 
erect and David cheekily mentioned it. Gary and I danced for a while and 
he told me how sexy I looked and continued telling me everything he wanted 
to do to me later that night. I was really turned on and could feel my 
knickers getting damp as we danced. Gary went to sit down and Sharon joined 
me on the dance floor. A few guys approached us and we danced with them 
without it going any further than them touching our arses and asking for 
our numbers, which we declined to give.

As the night drew to a close I was chatting with Sharon and we got talking 
about her brother who she mentioned was a photographer and if she asked 
him he would do our wedding photos at friend's rates. I got his number and 
she agreed to contact him.

As we got to the hotel I noticed that the same young guy was at reception 
who was there the previous night and I felt a little embarrassed but also 
a little playful. He did a double take as he saw me and the outfit that I 
was wearing, and he smiled at me. As Gary carried on to the room I 
approached the desk and apologised for my behaviour the night before. He 
stammered that it was okay and I said that my boyfriend would not be 
cumming on my face tonight and with that I pulled my top up freeing my 
tits and said that he would be doing it on these instead. I held my tits 
up for him to see and he almost feinted, as my nipples grew hard in front 
of his eyes. I pulled my top down and calmly followed Gary who was 
oblivious to my actions. I told him straight away and he laughed as I took 
him in my mouth before he came on my tits shortly after.

Over the next few weeks the preparations for the wedding got into full 
swing but thankfully our passion did not wane. My love of flashing and 
exhibiting myself grew enormously, partly because I knew that Gary loved 
me to do it but mainly because I got incredibly hot when I did it. I 
exposed myself to a lot of men over the following weeks either on nights 
out or when in the car in the countryside, always when Gary was with me 
and we always had incredible sex afterwards.

One night as I arrived home from work Gary said that someone called Ian 
had phoned about wedding photos. I reminded Gary that he was Sharon's 
brother and Gary had said that we had an appointment to see him that 
weekend. As the weekend arrived Gary became a very excited and even more 
demanding than usual. On Friday night he asked if I would be prepared to 
let Ian take some photos of me. I said of course and then realised what he 
meant. He said that he would love to have some professional photos of me 
and it would really turn him on for me to do it. Knowing how much Gary 
wanted me to do it made my mind up but to be truthful the thought excited 
me tremendously so I agreed.

Gary took me out the following morning and we bought a lot of sexy clothes 
and underwear for the shoot and I asked Gary how he was going to bring the 
subject up with Ian. He blushed and said that he has discussed it with him 
when they spoke on the phone a few nights ago. I should have been angry 
that he had not asked me but I was just to excited to care.

That afternoon we drove over to Ian's studio and I had had a couple of 
large brandy's before we set out. When we met Ian he was not at all what I 
expected, he was quite a bit older than Sharon, about 45, and a little 
overweight, but not unattractive. He was really nice and we all got on 
very well as we discussed our wedding requirements. 

After about an hour we had decided on our package and agreed a price when 
Ian asked if we still wanted to do a shoot now. They both looked at me and 
I was shaking with nerves as I nodded my head. We went through to the 
studio and Ian was telling me that I was in total control of what we did 
and that I must not do anything that I was uncomfortable with. This put me 
at ease a little and I said I was ready to start and Ian showed me to a 
small dressing room where I took my suitcase to and started to get ready.

It took me a while to apply my make up, subtle colours on my eyes and deep 
red lipstick to finish it off. The first outfit I decided on was a fitted 
grey pinstripe jacket and skirt with beautiful silk knickers and bra, 
finished with stockings and heels. As I walked into the studio I felt very 
nervous but also very sexy. Gary and Ian complemented me on my outfit and 
I sat on the chair in front of the screen. We decided to do a series of 
photos of me stripping and I soon had my jacket open flashing my bra and 
my skirt undone showing knickers and thigh. The poses were very sexy and 
not too sleazy as I looked at the camera pretending to be shy and coy. A 
few minutes later I had my jacket and skirt off, Ian stopped taking 
pictures and asked if I was okay to go on and I said I was. Although I had 
shown my tits and pussy to dozens of men in the last year or so this was 
different, I wasn't flashing this time I was posing for a total stranger 
and I was loving it. I slowly took my bra off as he continued snapping and 
covered my chest as I threw it to one side. I cupped my tits and looked 
straight at the camera as I could feel my nipples harden more than they 
already were. I finally removed my hands and let Ian take a few pics of me 
in various positions. 

He said that I should start to take my knickers off and I put my thumbs 
into the side and started to slip them down. I sat on the chair as I 
slipped them down to my ankles with my knees brought up to my chest so 
nothing was visible. I slipped them off to leave me wearing just stockings 
and heels and stood up with my back to the camera at Ian's suggestion. I 
looked over my shoulder and blew a kiss at the camera as he got several 
good shots of my arse. I glanced at Gary who was sat with an obvious 
erection and he looked very proud as he smiled at me. I soon got the nerve 
to turn round and I an finally got some pictures of my pussy and for the 
last one I spread my legs wide and he got a great shot of my wet lips.

He asked if I wanted to change into something else and I was eager to do 
so. I went back and changed into a black corset, black leather gloves and 
thigh boots. When I came out Ian was astonished at my choice and was more 
than ready to start. He took a few pics of me as my tits popped out of the 
corset and I played with the nipples for him. I was not wearing any 
knickers and he got me to pose with my legs spread in many positions. He 
asked if I wanted to go further and I asked what he meant, he said he 
would love to take some shots of me touching myself and using toys on 
myself and I saw Gary nod as I looked at him. It felt so dirty to do it 
but I agreed as I went to my bag and got a dildo out. We took some shots 
of me holding the dildo and staring at it, bemused, before I put it to my 
mouth and put the end of my tongue on the tip of the dildo. It was a flesh 
coloured one with a realistic foreskin which Gary had bought for me a 
month or two earlier and had quickly become my favourite.

I was soon sucking the dildo and could see that Gary was becoming more 
worked up as I played up to the camera. Without prompting I slid the dildo 
over my thighs and to the entrance of my pussy and I heard Ian telling me 
he loved it and that I looked fantastic. I could not resist any more and 
eventually pushed the big head inside me as Ian almost gagged on what he 
could see. It felt great to be using the toy on me as a complete stranger 
watched me doing it. I really needed to touch my clit now and my free hand 
started to rub it furiously until I orgasmed violently. 

Ian said that what he had seen was incredible and that he had a few shots 
left yet, and he looked over to Gary and asked him if he wanted to join me 
on the set. Gary seemed a little hesitant but I told him that I really 
needed filling by him. He quickly got undressed and joined me and it was 
not long before he was buried deep inside me as I was on all fours and I 
had my dildo in my mouth. The last couple of pics were of me sat on the 
chair with the dildo inside my pussy and Ian stood in front with his cock 
in front of my face as I licked the last remnants of his cum off his cock.

I had had three orgasms and felt truly satisfied as I got dressed into my 
normal clothes and I could hear Gary and Ian chatting as they settled the 
bill. When I came out to meet them Gary said that Ian had a request and I 
asked what it was. Ian looked a little shy so Gary said that Ian belonged 
to a camera club who were always on the lookout for female models, and he 
wandered if you were interested. I must have looked shocked as Ian blurted 
out that it was only nude and not as rude as the stuff we had done today. 
I must admit the thought of displaying myself to group of men shocked me 
until Gary said that he had said I would not mind. Knowing that he was all 
for it made me want to do it and I realised at that moment that I was 
becoming more subservient to him. I agreed straight away and Ian said he 
would arrange it and get in touch.

Over the next few weeks we waited eagerly for Ian to ring to say the 
photos were ready and for him to give us details of the camera club shoot. 
Gary asked me repeatedly if I was okay with it and I told him that I was 
getting more excited every day just thinking about it.

Ian eventually rang and arranged to come round with the photos and we 
fucked hard in anticipation that afternoon. The pics were absolutely 
incredible, they looked so much better than the ones we had tried 
ourselves and I must admit I was shocked at how far I had gone but it also 
turned me on. After we had spent a while looking at them, Ian asked if I 
was still keen on doing the camera club and when I said yes he looked 
really pleased. He said that the next meeting was the following Saturday 
and he gave me the address of it and said that I was already booked. I 
asked if Gary could come along and he said that was fine which put my mind 
at ease a little.

I was insatiable for the rest of the week and every time I thought about 
Saturday or Gary mentioned it I felt a burning sensation deep inside my 
pussy which had to be satisfied.

Two or three days before the event I had a morning off work and after 
doing some housework I decided to have a long soak in the bath. Before I 
got in Gary rang to say he had forgotten something and was popping home to 
pick it up and I said I would se him later. Twenty minutes later as I was 
gently touching myself the doorbell rang and I cursed Gary for not having 
his key as I put a towel around myself and went downstairs. I was feeling 
a bit naughty and decided to give him a thrill so as I opened the door I 
dropped my towel and his behind the door to surprise him. He did not enter 
immediately so I told him to come in, but to my horror it was not Gary but 
David, another friend of Gary's, and for a few seconds he had a great view 
of my naked body. I froze before I yanked the towel from the floor and 
covered what I could of my body. David looked as shocked as I did and 
apologised as he took in my wet body. 

I was panicking and could not get the towel to cover all my bits so my 
tits were on display for a good 20 seconds before I sorted myself out. 
David explained that he was just dropping off a book for Gary so I took it 
and he left. Although I had displayed myself to many, many guys recently I 
had never done it to anyone that we knew I was very embarrassed as I went 
back upstairs. After the shock had worn off I must admit I lay on the bed 
and masturbated until I came on my fingers thinking of David looking at 
me.

Gary turned up about an hour later and I told him what had happened. He 
replied that David had phoned him to apologise and after David had told 
him it was a pure accident, Gary told him that it was okay and not to 
worry. He then said that David had joked that I had a tremendous body and 
a cute bald cunt and Gary laughed as I blushed. We were both very horny by 
now and we had a quickie on the stairs finishing with Gary cumming on my 
face as I fingered myself to orgasm.

Eventually Saturday arrived and I was horny all day until we set off for 
the venue when I became very nervous. Gary put me at ease by saying he was 
very proud of me, and that I could pull out at any time. We arrived at the 
venue that turned out to be someone's house and knocked on the door. Ian 
opened the door and let us in as he introduced us to the other members 
present. There were 7 other men ranging in ages from 35 to about 65 and 
luckily I did not recognise any of them except Ian.

I had brought a selection of outfits and asked which one they wanted me to 
wear and after looking at what I had they settled, rather surprisingly, on 
a pair of tight black jeans, blouse and heels. I went off to get changed 
and Ian followed saying that I was expected to go no further than agreed 
which was to be nude, and that I was not expected to do any touching or 
anything to blue. 

When I came out I stood on the makeshift stage as they adjusted the 
lighting and loaded their cameras. I had decided to wear a basque under 
the blouse and lacy knickers, which I hoped they would appreciate. Gary 
sat at the back of then room watching as they asked me to pose in various 
positions. 

I was not asked to take anything off for about 15 minutes and was soon 
getting used to the lights and camera flashes. I was then asked to undo a 
few buttons of the blouse and the posed became a little more risqué. It 
soon became clear that I was wearing a basque and it seemed to go down 
well as I got a lot of appreciative comments. My blouse was soon discarded 
and my heels were off as I undid the buttons on the jeans. I found myself 
posing with my arse to the camera a lot as I slowly took my jeans off, 
bending over to get the best shot. As soon as the jeans were off I was 
asked to put my shoes back on and the atmosphere became much hotter as the 
lights were adjusted again. 




I then teased them by slowly taking my basque off and covering my tits 
with my hands, which they enjoyed. My knickers did not cover any of my 
arse and again they took a lot of snaps of me with my back to them and me 
bent over touching the floor. 

I was feeling really horny now at the thought of all these men looking and 
lusting over me as they took pictures of me almost totally naked. My 
knickers soon came off and they were all very enthusiastic about my shaven 
quim. I was wearing only my shoes now and was posing with complete 
abandon. The last pose had me on a chair with my knees bent and my legs 
spread giving them a great view of my inner lips.

I was more than happy to go a lot further but the session was brought to a 
close and I went to get dressed. I was shaking with excitement as I took 
my fee and the thanks of the guys and in the car I gave Gary a blowjob as 
he drove home.

We dived on each other as soon as the front door was shut and I demanded 
that he fuck me hard as I pinched my nipples. He came deep inside me twice 
before we finished and sat down with a drink to discuss the evening. I 
told him how hot it had made me and he said he was astonished how well I 
did and that all the men had said I was very sexy and a very natural 
model. He said it was a shame that David was not there as he had enjoyed 
the brief sight of my body, and I laughed and said I would have loved him 
to have been there, which seemed to turn Gary on as he licked my wet pussy 
until I came on his face.

We had a few more experiences on the run up to the wedding and the 
honeymoon was something else, but I will tell you about that in my next 
submission,

* * * * *

Please feel free to contact me with any comments you may have, I love to 
hear from you. 

Rose