This is fiction, it never happened, isn't happening, won't happening.

Don't do it!  It ain't good, it's BAD!

I don't approve of people who do this, never have, and never will, and NO!

I haven't, don't, and won't!



After his family moved so that his daddy could accept a new, and
better paying job, Marky's family lived in a hotel for a few weeks
while looking for a new home.  Once settled into the new house, in
the new neighborhood, in the new city, in the new state, Marky set
about exploring his new neighborhood.  He discovered the local
park, a convenience store to buy snacks and sodas, but didn't see
any other kids his own age.  After a few hours of exploring, he was
tired and decided to go home.  As he was turning onto his street, a
middle-aged man said, "Hi!  You must be the boy that just moved
into the old Jones' house!  My name is Mr. Stevens.  What's your
name?"


Marky told the nice man with greying hair his name, and the pair
talked about where Marky was from, how he missed his friends, and
what it would be like living in his new neighborhood.


Marky's new adult friend then asked Marky where he was coming from
just then, and when he told his new man-friend that he'd been out
exploring for a few hours, the nice man said,
"You must be thirsty, would you like to come in and have a soda?"

Marky quickly accepted, and the 200 lbs. man gently escorted the
young 65 lbs. boy into his house.  He sat the cute 9er in the family
room, turned on the TV, and handed him the remote.  The boy
immediately changed the channel to the Cartoon Network.

"What would you like to drink?"  the man asked.

"Dr. Pepper" came the answer.

The man went into his kitchen and poured some into a glass and
added crushed ice, then he got himself a beer.

He carried the two drinks into the family room, and sat down next
to the boy on the couch after handing him his drink.

The pair sat quietly watching "Ed, Edd, and Eddy" for a while
before Mr. Stevens started asking Marky what he liked to do for
fun.  Marky told him wrestling was his favorite thing to do.  Mr.

Stevens was glad to hear that!


After a short while, the two new friends ran out of things to say,
and they sat there quietly watching more of "Ed, Edd, and Eddy"

(The only thing on the Cartoon Network on a Saturday afternoon
in Florida).  Mr. Stevens was a bit bored, and decided to
see if his new friend was ticklish.


He carefully reached across his lap with his left hand, and quickly
pushed his hand up under Marky's shirt, and tickled him just above
and to the right of his belly button.


Marky immediately jumped and squirmed, giggling madly!  Mr. Stevens
kept tickling, and the small boy was soon laying on his back.  Mr.

Stevens shifted position and was now crouched over the boy, now
tickling with both hands, as the boy kicked aimlessly with his legs
and vainly tried to push Mr. Stevens hands away so he could stop
laughing so hard!


Every once in a while, the boy's hands would grab at the man's
wrists, and somehow the man ended up pushing the boy's shirt up.

"No!" the boy shrieked, and giggled all the harder as the man now
struggled to remove the giggling and wriggling boy's shirt.  In
less than a minute, the boy laid there naked from the waist up.

The boy smiled, and playfully said, "Bet you can't take my pants
off!"

The man smiled, and quickly reached down to the waistband of the
boy's jeans, struggling to undo the button while the boy struggled
vainly to push the man's hands away.  30 seconds later, the boy lay
there still giggling and wriggling as the man held both of the
boy's wrists in one hand as he grabbed for his zipper with the
other!

"No!" the boy shrieked again as he continued wriggling and
giggling!

A second later, his SpongeBob undies showing through the V-ed
opening in his jeans, and Mr. Stevens was flipping him onto his
stomach to pull them down over his slim hips!

"Ahhhh!  No-ho-ho-ho!" the boy shrieked as he landed on his hands
and knees!

Mr. Stevens quickly pulled the tight jeans down over his little
butt, and down to his knees.

"Ahhhh!" Marky squealed again.

Marky couldn't kick so well any more with his jeans half-way down
his legs, and Mr. Stevens once more flipped the boy over.  He
quickly popped off both sneakers, and quickly pulled his
jeans off over first his left foot, and then the right.

Marky lay there on his back, smiling and giggling up at the
victorious Mr. Stevens.

"Ha, ha, ha!"  Betcha can't take my undies off!" the lil cutie
playfully challenged the horny man.

Mr. Stevens just smiled, then quickly lunged for the boy's waist
before the boy could react.

He once more flipped the boy onto his hands and knees, then jerked
the skimpy garment down over his rounded buttocks before reaching
around, and pushing them down over his crotch.

Marky finally caught on to what was happening, and got his hands to
his crotch to try to delay his inevitable denuding.  He vainly
tried to hold his tighty-whities up while balancing on his head.

The delay lasted a whole 3 seconds, and then he was flipped onto
his back again with his undies at his knees!

He made a half-hearted grab at his undies just as Mr. Stevens
pulled them past his knees, over his calves, and finally off his
feet!

Marky laid there giggling his head off and covering his small
goodies as the man with greying hair tossed his little undies into
the pile on the floor while gazing down at his naked prize!

When Marky had finally stopped giggling enough to talk, he said,
"Okay, you won." giggle, giggle, "Now give me my clothes back!"

To which Mr. Stevens replied, "No.  I think you look much better
naked!"

Marky thought that was hilarious, and giggled up a storm while he
shyly continued to cover his toys with both hands.

Mr. Stevens decided that he had allowed the boy to play coy long
enough, and quickly reach down and tickled the boy's stomach.

Marky's hands immediately flew up instinctively to fend off the
"attack," and gave Mr. Stevens his first view of his crotch.  Mr.

Stevens continued the tickle-attack for a full 60 seconds more
before he ended the attack, and by then the boy had forgotten all
about being modest
"That's a nice dick you got there!  It's a good size for a boy your
age." He said, honestly as he gazed at the boy's slim 2 inch cut
cocklet.  The boy just laid there, soaking in the man's praise
while still trying to catch his breath.

He looked the man up and down, and his eyes detected movement at
the man's crotch, and settled there for a moment, taking in the
sight of the long thick tube running up underneath the man's
zipper.  His eyes grew wide, his mouth dropped open, and his
breathing became slow and shallow, and his little dickie was
suddenly painfully stiff.

The young boy narrowed his eyes, and raised them to the man's.  Mr.

Stevens suddenly somehow knew little Marky wasn't a virgin.

"Can I see your cock?"  Marky asked.

Mr. Stevens held still as he kneeled over the small boy and watched
his small hand slowly reach out towards his crotch.

Marky gently ran his fingers up and down over the man's swollen
cloth covered organ, then once more looked up into Mr. Stevens'
eyes.  He held the man's gaze for another moment, then reached up
with his other hand, and pulled the man's zipper down, revealing
the man's light blue boxers through the opening.  Marky pushed his
small fingers through the open zipper, and they found the opening
in the fly of the man's boxers.  For the first time in over a year,
Marky's hand touched a man's hard-on!  His eyes instinctively shot
up to Mr. Stevens', to gauge his reaction, and noticed that the
man's mouth had dropped open even as he felt the man's crotch push
at his small hand.  Marky dropped his eyes back to the man's
zipper.

"I have to get it out..." he murmured, mostly to himself as he
worked the button at the top of the open zipper.  It popped open,
and the man's fly opened wider.  Marky pulled the man's jeans down
til they were halfway down his thighs, then pulled the back of the
boxers down over the man's hairy ass, and the front out and over
his engorged cock.

He paused for a moment as he got his first look at the man tool.

It was a long one, reaching almost up to the man's belly button,
and thick.  But the thing that really caught his eye was the mass
of skin covering the cock-head!  He'd never seen an uncut cock
before!  He reached down, grabbed and looked at his cocklet, and
then looked up into the Mr. Stevens' eyes again.  The man instantly
understood the boy's confusion.  He'd been here before a few times.

"It's just like your's." he said.  "I just have a lot more skin on
mine than you do."

Marky pushed the man's boxers and the jeans down to hiss
knees.  His little heart was racing.  He'd promised himself this
wouldn't happen again, and here he was, unable to stop himself as
his small hands moved up towards the man's hard cock.  It was
almost like they had a mind of their own!

Marky's left hand wrapped around the man's thick man-shaft, but his
fingers couldn't touch.  His right hand grabbed the hairy balls.

He left hand instinctively started moving his hand up and down on
the man's thick rod, and his right started rolling and gently
squeezing the man's large balls.

"Oh yeah!  That's iit, Marky!  Do it just like that!" Mr. Stevens
told the beautiful boy beneath him.

Marky wriggled to his knees before the man so he could get a better
look at the man's equipment.  He got a bit braver, temporarily
forgetting that he'd only given himself permission to look at the
man's big cock, and as he did, he accidentally pulled the man's
foreskin down partway over the fat cockhead.

"Yeah, that's it, Marky.  Play with it for me!  You know what
you're doing, don't you!" He encouraged the boy.  Marky moved his
face closer the man's penis when he saw the glistening head.

The man's cock wasn't different than his underneath the extra skin
at the top.

He glanced up at his new friend again, the make sure that he still
wasn't mad at him for playing with his penis, then without asking
if he could, he pulled down on the foreskin, revealing the shiny,
pre-cum slathered cockhead to his wondering eyes.  There was a
buildup of cock-drool under the cock-hood, and some of it washed
down over the man's rod, and onto the boy's hand.

Marky and no place to wipe it off other than on Mr. Stevens
clothes, the couch, or himself, so he instinctively brought his man-
goop covered hand to his mouth and after sniffing it, he licked the
clear liquid off.

He really liked playing with the man's cock, and liked the effect
it hand on Mr. Stevens and the other men he'd been with, so he put
his hand back on the stiff man tool, and jacked it some more.

"Rub your thumb over the flat part of the head." Mr. Stevens
directed, wanting more stimulation from the boy.  Marky looked up
at Mr. Stevens again, and did as he was asked.

More man goop seeped out of the tip, and got onto Marky's hand
again.  Marky quickly licked it off, and went back to work
pleasuring his much older friend.  But more man goop seeped out of
the tip!

"Why were man cocks always so messy?" the slim 9er thought as he
again licked the precum from his hand.

"next time it comes out, lick it off with your tongue."  Mr.
Stevens directed.

Marky looked up at the horny man, and nodded his head.  Jacking the
man's big cock was getting tiring!  Why was he doing this any
way?  He'd PROMISED himself he wouldn't!

Mr. Stevens reached down, and put his hands on the boy's head,
holding it gently.  "That's it Marky, you're doing a great job!"

He encouraged the boy as he gazed down on the beautiful sight of
the boy working hard to pleasure him.  He was watching for the next
time his precum was going to bubble over onto the boy's hand.  Just
before it did, he applied a small amount of pressure, pulling the
boy's head closer to his cock.  "It's just about to drip onto your
hand again, lick it off so you can keep jacking me." he said.

Marky looked up at the man as the man pulled his head closer, and
then pushed his hips forward.  The man touched his cockhead to the
boy's lips, and applied a bit more pressure to the back of his
head.  Without taking his eyes off the man's Marky stuck his tongue
out, and liked the cock juice from the tip.

"That's the way, Marky!"  Mr. Stevens told the boy with a smile as
he pushed his cock at the boy's mouth.  "That's how a good boy does
it!"

Marky changed hands' and continued jacking the big man cock.  He
pulled on the man's hairy scrotum just like he did when he jacked
his own little cock, and the man groaned with pleasure.  More cock
juice came out, and he had to lick it off again.  The stuff
wouldn't stop flowing, and he had to keep it clean.

"Take it in your mouth so you don't have to keep licking it off."

Mr. Stevens directed, as he once more pulled the boy's head towards
his crotch.

Marky resisted a bit.  He'd PROMISED himself he wouldn't do this
again!

"Come on.  You can do it." Mr. Stevens encouraged as he added a bit
more pressure.

Marky glanced up at the man again, and then down at the big cock
before him.

Mr. Stevens added a little more pressure, bringing the boy's head
closer still.

"Come on.  It won't hurt.  I promise." Mr. Stevens insisted.

The big precum covered cock pressed against his lips, getting them
all gooey with precum.  Marky instinctively opened his mouth to
lick the man goop off his lips, and Mr. Stevens pushed forward with
his hips even as he pulled the boy's head forward.  The fat cock
head slipped into his small mouth.

  Marky struggled a bit, just enough to let the man know that he
didn't want to do that.  But the man wouldn't let him pull off of
it!

"That's a good boy!  It feels so good in there!" Mr. Stevens said,
as he held the boy's head securely, not letting him pull back.
