Kara's - very hot pay site!
AdultFriendFinder - largest ADULT personals - 2,000,000+ members!
ALT.com - largest BDSM personals!
OutPersonals.com - largest Gay personals!
Nightmail.com - free web-based email!
SlutPost.com - free adult picture post!
 


Spicing sex life after marriage- 9 July 
Spicing sex life after marriage 

By Jeevan < jeevan80@yahoo.com> 

Hi Friends! 
Let me tell you some facts which I understood from my own experience and from my readers and fans. I receive lots of mails mainly from bored housewives asking me for advise. They tell me that the husband has lost interest in sex and hardly fucks them. Its a fact and cannot be ignored. On the other hand the men write that they want to see their wife fucked and that they love watching her getting satisfaction from other men. On the face of it we may feel that its perverse but I dont say that. Its quite normal and nothing wrong in it. The wives, especially Indian wives hardly agree to such a proposal from her husband. Some do agree and even go further to fulfill the desire of their husbands. They say that they are happy with the arrangement, and even one encounter in a year keeps them happy and help spicing the marriage. Some need it often and really enjoy it. I have seen the satisfaction they receive and the way they thank me! Its really nice. So any couple out there who is bored can contact me for help, guidance and even sex. I will be glad to oblige. 
I have received some mails and true experiences of a couple. The couple is Sonia and Saurabh. They live in Delhi and they have two kids. They got married about 8 years back and the sex life between them declined as the time elapsed. Finally there was no sex between the two. This led to quarrels and fights and made their life miserable. The husband resorted to Internet for entertainment and the wife went on nagging him for no reasons. He came across my site, http://jeevan80.nightsites.com/ and read my stories on wife watching, slut wife and really loved them. He wrote me about their problem and wanted to l\know if I could help them. He also told me that he loves his wife very much and that the stories have inspired him and he wanted to make his wife happy by offering some other men to fuck her. He wrote that the idea itself makes him hard instantaneously and insisted on my advise on the issue. I advised him and told him that its possible only if he convinces his wife for this and her consent is most important. He should not rush on the things and give some time for her to get the funda in her brain. He did that and his wife agreed to it. I even had lengthy correspondence with his wife Sonia and she too started to act on my advice. 
Now Sonia is about 30 and she is no doubt sexy in all respects. She has nice figure of 34-28-36 and is fair in colour. She measures about 54 and has nice features. She has smiling face and nice pouting lips that are meant to kiss and wrap around your hard cock. She accepted the idea put in by her husband and even went further to excite him by telling him the stories where husbands loved to watch their wives getting all the cock they need in front of their hubby. 
This is the story Sonia told me through e-mail. Enjoy it 
Thanks for your sincere advice. We both agree with the things you told us and the practical help you offered us, it was great experience in our life when you visited us and showed us what you really meant. After your visit we have great sex life. Just the thought of you fucking me makes me come ten times and Saurabh too gets instant erection. Thanks to you once again! Let me write our experience for other couples who are on similar lines. 
In the initial phase of spicing up my husband used to tell me during our sex that he would like to see me have sex with someone else. This bothered me a bit, but he assured me it was said just to get him over the top. He loves me and I him, but this was said way too often to be just a sexual thought. I think he would really like to see me fuck another guy. This was all I could gather from his talk. To be true to you I too got really wild in sex when he talked about other men fucking me in front of him. 
I kept on thinking about this for a few days, and decided to start telling him stories when we have sex. Stories like me fucking other man and even me taking on two men at once. One in my cunt and the other in my asshole. This made our sex really wild and Saurabh pounded my cunt furiously and made me come many times. These stories 
got him really hot he would cum like a fire hose. I thought if he got that horny from stories then what would he do if it were real? But how to bring it up to him without giving him the wrong idea? The marriage is very delicate and I did not want him to think that I loved other men more than him. No wrong message could be afforded. That would be the hard part. Now don't get me wrong I don't want to cheat on my man but it is getting to be a constant thing in our sex life. He wants stories all the time, and it is kind of turning me on to think of it to. Well a few days later I decided to try to talk to him about it. I said that I know it turns him on to hear those stories, and if he wanted it to be a reality then its up to him I will do what ever he wants to do. 
He sat there and sheepishly said,  I think I need to see somebody else fuck you. I have tried to neglect the thought but its really getting me on. Jeevan is right. As long as we trust each other and love each other I dont think there is anything dangerous in doing it. What do you think? 
Saurabh dear! I was against it in the beginning and even fought with you. But when I read Jeevans letters I started thinking seriously about all this. And when I started telling you stories about other men fucking me, I was damn sure that thats the way we can improve our sexual lives. So I am willing for it as long as we both are quite sure that it wont spoil our marriage OR affect our children. 

So it was clear that we have to do it. Other man fucking me while my husband watched! So I asked him how he wanted to do it and so we came up with a plan. We decided to invite Jeevan to our house and do the things. We selected Jeevan because he seemed so understanding and caring. He was really worried about us and wanted our marriage to last forever. That was the decision taken by both of us unanimously. 

We decided on calling him to our house so that we all could be comfortable in any event going out of our hands. So Jeevan came to our house one day and we sat on the couch talking some more. My husband to my right and Jeevan to my left is how we sat, and then we got a little bit of a shock. Almost as soon as we sat down Jeevan stuck his hand on my left tit, and started to squeeze and play with it. He looked right at my husband and moved back and forth between my two tits. My man just looked at him feeling me up, and I was so fired up by his touch with my husband there it was driving me crazy. 
When he started to undo my blouse I looked at my husband and said, This is what you wanted to see isn't it? A guy feeling my tits, should I show him my big soft tits now, and let him look at my hard nipples." As I was saying those words a sex fever flew through me. I was getting so fucking hot I could not stand it, and I wanted to get hotter. My whole body was on fire with each touch, and with each word it was so incredible. 
I said to Saurabh, " He's touching my tits baby! look at him touching you wife's tits. Look at him playing with my tits and rubbing my nipples. See how hard my nipples are. Ohh God! Saurabh! Watch us making love!" 
I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth. They wouldn't stop every time I said something it got me hotter. I was looking for stuff to say anything 
would do at this point. he undid my bra unhooked from the front so that my tits fell free. He dove into them, and started to suck on my tits. My husband shifted in his seat I guess to get a better look, and as Jeevan was sucking on my left tit his hand went into my petticoat, and he started to rub my pussy. I came right there. A little orgasm but a good one, and I couldn't see strait. I was so fuckin horny I could barely breathe let alone care what my husband thought by this point. Jeevan was rubbing my pussy so well that I just lifted my ass up and pulled off my petticoat and then my underwear, and placed his finger in my aching pussy. Another orgasm, even bigger than the last one! God this was so incredible. 
"He is fingering your wife's pussy baby. He is putting his fingers where only you are allowed. Ohhh! Ahhhhhhhhh! Watch him Saurabh!" I told my 
husband as he watched. Jeevan started to fingerfuck my pussy, pushing his two fingers well inside. 
" He is fucking my pussy with his fingers what do you think of that?" I asked my husband. 
" I like it" is all he said Quietly. 
Jeevan just kept on sucking my tits, and finger fucking my pussy while my hubby watched. Suddenly Jeevan takes his mouth off my tit, and lifts his waist to my face, and I knew what was coming. He wanted me to suck his cock, now I did not do this too 
much for my husband so I did not know what he would think. But I was so horny that I really did not care, and as Jeevan started to unbutton his pants I was pulling them down, and grabbing for his cock. His cock was almost 9 inches long and 6 inches in circumference. I had never felt cock that big! But I needed to suck his cock and I needed to feel his cock plunge in and out of my mouth. I grabbed it, and started to stroke it, and feel its stiffness in my hand. Then I dove on his cock sucking hard and fast acting like I was dying of thirst, and his cock had the only water, precome. He was groaning, and thrusting his hips back and forth so I let go of his cock, and let him fuck my mouth. 
" God your wife sucks cock good I love fucking your wifes mouth. Jeevan said to my husband. 
Now this is where it gets dirty, as I was letting Jeevan fuck my mouth I stuck my fingers into my pussy, and started to finger fuck myself. I never did this for my husband. Now I'm doing it in full view of a stranger, and I liked it. Jeevan could see it all, and my husband had to move over to the chair to see it. I could tell he was shocked, but fuck him! I was horny and if Jeevan wanted me to stick a banana in my ass I would do it at this point. After about fifteen minutes he got up, and slid between my legs, and started to rub his cock head up and down on my clit. Saurabh flew back to the sofa to get a full view of Jeevan's cock going into my pussy. 
" Oh god your cock feels so good! fuck me, shove your big hard cock into my 
hot fucking pussy! Oh god yessss fuck me! FUCK ME!!!!! Come on Saurabh! Watch your wife taking Jeevans dick! You wanted it! Now watch it!" I said. 
Saurabh watched us fucking and never said a word. so I know he's thinking something by know. Jeevan was pumping away sliding his cock deep in and out, and his balls were slapping against my ass. Now he took my legs and puts them over his shoulders and really started to drive his cock home, deep in my pussy. I felt so fucking good, real good. Suddenly Jeevan pulled his cock out, and shoves it into my ass. My eyes must have bulged out of my head because Jeevan stopped for a second, and looked at me and then my husband and said " What your wife's never had it in the ass before"? Saurabh just looked at him in a dazed and confused look. Jeevan started to pump again slow at first but starting to really ream out my ass. After a few minutes I feel a hand on my wrist. It was Saurabh pulling my hand over to him. His cock was out, and he put my 
hand on his cock to jerk him off. I didn't care I was horny enough for both of them. So I started to stroke his cock, and Jeevan kept on fucking my sore ass hole. 
After a few minutes of this I feel Saurabh crawl up to my face jerking his cock, and before I knew it he was pumping hot cum all over my face. I never let him do that before, but I think he thought that he is entitled to get to do it since I'm getting fucked by another guy and all. He came a lot, all over my face from eyebrow to chin ear to ear I had cum all over my face. I don't even think Saurabh was done cumming yet when Jeevan pulled out, and climbed up my chest. He squeezed my tits together, and started to fuck my tits. He pumped my aching tits with his cock, and then pulled out of them and started to splash wave after wave of thick hot cum all over my tits, neck, and face. I was 
covered with man juice, and still horny as hell. So I took his cock in my mouth, and sucked his cock clean. I squeezed his shaft from base to head, milking and swallowing every last drop of cum from his dick. After a few minutes I got up, and went to the bathroom to get cleaned up. There in the toilet Jeevan followed me and when I started to pee he told me to stop. He then asked me to stand and spread my legs and he himself sat between them. 
Come on piss in my mouth! Ohhhhh! PISS! Let me drink your piss baby! Watch this Saurabh! Do it from time to time so that you have some variety. 
And he drank my piss! Ot was great looking at him slurping on my fluid and I fingered my cunt while I finished pissing. Saurabh was watching this and his cock grew hard again. We cleaned ourlelves and came out. I came out last as I had to dump shit through my freshly fucked asshole. 
When I came out I sat on the chair across from Jeevan and Saurabh, and spread my legs wide open and started to finger myself. " Watch me fuck myself, look at me finger my pussy oh god yes" I said. I drove two fingers into my pussy, and diddled my clit with my other hand. Pumping my fingers into my pussy very fast, and with the guys watching me I came all over the place. I took my fingers out and offered them to lick. Both of them sucked my fingers and tasted my come juice. I and went back to the bathroom to clean up and get dressed. When I got back Jeevan was gone, and Saurabh was ready 
to Start yelling about all the fingering and talking. So I said it was all for him an act you know to fit the mood, and that calmed him down some. His horniness went away after he came so he thought that the fingering show was uncalled for. He felt bad and depressed after that like he said he would, but he got over it after a few weeks. I still see Jeevan once and a while. He loves that I'm someone else's property it gets him off he says. Sex is still good between Saurabh and me, but that's because I still see Jeevan now 
and again on the side. He is just to good to give up, and you just can't take that away from somebody when you gave it to them in the first place. Well he started it so I'll decide when I want to finish it. 
So couples out there! What do you think of this? Do write to me if you have sex problems. I am sure I can help you out. 

 




<Back To Pages>

