Kylie And The Roommate
by spiderbyte94

Chapter 1

Daniel and Kylie's new roommate has trouble with the shower.

(Daniel)

"Dude, the shower is acting up again. I can never get it started", Jason texted me.

This shower was always giving us problems. My girlfriend, Kylie, and I had lived in this apartment for several years. It was a two bedroom place right in the middle of the city exactly where you want to be. It was an old building. They were in the process of renovating it, trying to add more amenities to keep up with some of the new buildings that had popped up recently. The apartments themselves still needed work though.

My girlfriend lost her job as a nurse a few months back and we were having trouble keeping up with the rent now. We made the tough choice to find a roommate to take the spare bedroom in order to keep us afloat. It hadn't been easy on either of us, but Kylie was taking it the hardest.

Jason moved in about a month ago. He was an easy going guy and nice enough. He was a massage therapist and worked out of a few locations in the city, so being central was important to him. He also had a few super rich clients that he made house calls to as well.

He told me that massage therapy was fun, but that he was also studying to become a physical therapist. He was a big sports guy and I think he mentioned he was a former athlete. He spent a lot of time in the new gym in the building. That wasn't really my scene. I wasn't fat or anything, just out of shape. Kylie didn't seem to care.

Jason and I were getting along fine though. It was nice having a guy around to kick back and have a beer with at the end of the day. Kylie didn't see it that way though. She said I always overdid it with the drinking, but I had calmed down a lot in recent years.

She also complained that she felt like we had no privacy anymore. She barely hung out with us in the common area. She used the excuse that she was doing interview prep, but I knew it was more than that.

I had left for work a few hours ago but she was probably just getting up now.

"Kylie is home, she knows how to get it working. Let me text her.", I responded to Jason.

*****

(Kylie)

My phone buzzed, "Honey, can you help Jason with the shower?"

Ugh. I was still lying naked in bed. Can he never get the shower working on his own? How many times had Daniel shown him? It's like Jason was there just to annoy me sometimes. A constant reminder of my recent career failures.

"Daniel, I'm barely even awake. He really can't figure this out on his own? I thought he was smart!", I texted back.

When I was working I was usually up and out by 6am, but I was starting to get used to waking up later now. Looking for a job was almost more exhausting than having one though. Between studying at the library, meeting with recruiters, and doing actual interviews, I was out of the house most of the day. Not having a set schedule and the emotional toll of getting nowhere made it so much harder to get up though.

"I know honey, but just help him out for a second. You know how tricky that shower can be", Daniel responded.

Out of spite I took an extra minute getting up. I looked through my closet to find appropriate clothes, which I wasn't happy about. I found a pair of short shorts and a baggy t-shirt. I grumpily threw them on and walked down the hall to the bathroom. I knocked on the door and heard Jason say to enter.

"Sorry about this Kylie, I don't know why I can't get it to work", Jason said as I opened the door.

Jason was standing there in just his towel, facing the shower looking frustrated. As annoying as he was, I couldn't help but notice his muscular body. I knew he worked out a bunch at the gym downstairs, it was actually one of the reasons I had stopped going. I didn't need yet another place where Jason was around. I avoided him whenever I could by staying in my room, but I hated that my apartment suddenly felt like it wasn't my own. All I could think about was the things I could no longer do. Like getting up to go to the bathroom at night without putting on clothes or just walking around in just my underwear like I used to. It felt like Jason was everywhere.

But seeing him like this for the first time would make any girl blush and I was no exception. He wasn't overly bulky like a bodybuilder, but was lean and had definition. He had slightly bigger arms than Daniel. His stomach was flat and I could see he had one of those Vs disappearing down into his towel. As I looked him up and down I felt what had now become a familiar feeling. An aching that had been building for way too long.

You see, while having someone in my space was definitely annoying and changed how I lived in my own apartment, my biggest issue with Jason was actually much more frustrating. Since he had moved in I hadn't been able to have an orgasm. And I couldn't remember the last time I had gone this long without one. Daniel and I usually had an active sex life, but even when we didn't I always found time to take care of myself. But now I just couldn't get comfortable. I like to lose myself in an orgasm, moaning and screaming, but knowing that Jason was in the house just made that impossible.

Jason looked over at me, standing in the doorway and I quickly snapped out of my thoughts so he wouldn't notice me staring.

"It's fine, it took me a few weeks to figure it out too. Wish someone would just come by and fix it already. It's getting annoying", I said. There was definitely an edge to my voice, probably more than I had actually meant.

I walked over to the shower and turned the knobs to the right position. I felt Jason lean over me trying to see exactly what I was doing. I could feel my face get a little hot knowing some jacked half naked guy was almost pressed up against me in our bathroom. That aching grew stronger.

"Uhh, yea so you just put the knobs like this and the water will start coming out into the bath. Then pull the pin to switch to the shower. But you need to pull it off to the side a bit in order for it to stay on", I said, trying to be nicer. I pulled the pin and the water started pouring from the shower head. I quickly stood up to avoid getting wet, which caused me to brush up against Jason slightly. He took a small step back to give us some room.

Our eyes met and he smiled. "You have the magic touch, Kylie", he said.

I hid a smile of my own and rolled my eyes. "Just don't use up all the hot water like you always do."

I returned to my room, closed the door and plopped on the bed. This aching was becoming unbearable. My clit was begging to be touched so I gave in and let my hand make its way into my shorts. I felt the heat coming off of me and applied a little pressure with my fingers. I could feel the weeks of sexual frustration just waiting to be released.

I started thinking about all the places Daniel and I had fucked in this apartment. Hearing the shower running from the other room, I remembered how much we loved to get dirty in there. As I thought more about the shower, I couldn't help but think about the man who was in there right now.

I knew I shouldn't be thinking about our roommate that way, but they were only thoughts, right? And it wasn't my fault he was in just his towel. Daniel was the one who sent me in there, I didn't even want to go. Was I not supposed to look at Jason when I entered? Who knew he had such a muscular body... now under the hot water, lathered up with soap. I imagined the soap traveling down his body, down his flat stomach, all the way to... I shook my head hard, bringing me back to my bedroom.

I could feel myself becoming wet and gave a heavy sigh. No point in riling myself up if there wasn't going to be any release. I got up and got dressed for the day.

*****

(Daniel)

When I got home that evening, Kylie was sitting at the table sulking. I could tell things had not gone well with the recruiter. I went to the kitchen and grabbed a beer.

"You ok sweetie?", I called from the kitchen.

She looked up at me as I entered the common area, where our table was. She noted the beer. "Just one" she said sternly.

"I know, it's a school night", I said with a wink.

Kylie rolled her eyes.

"I just feel so helpless, Daniel", she said. "The recruiter has some jobs, but they are all entry level positions which would be a big step backwards. I've worked hard and am a good nurse, it's not my fault the hospital closed down!". There was distress in her voice.

"Honey, don't worry about it. Something great will turn up. And now that Jason is living here you don't need to rush it"

"Ugh, don't remind me. I hate having him here.", Kylie said.

"Is he really that bad? I actually think he's a pretty good roommate. Always pays on time, not too loud"

Kylie sighed. "No, you're right. He's not that bad. I'm just frustrated...in more ways than one".

I knew what she meant. We hadn't had sex since he moved in. Kylie had a habit of getting really loud when she was excited. We had even had neighbors call us once or twice to ask us to keep it down. I found it funny, but she was embarrassed by it.

Jason only made this worse for her. One time I had gone down on her and it sounded like she was finally getting comfortable, but as soon as the first moan escaped her lips she got self conscious that Jason could hear and told me to stop. Since then neither of us had pushed it.

Speaking of Jason. I looked around the apartment and saw his room was dark. "Is Jason not here?" I said with a slight smirk.

It took a second for Kylie to understand. He was usually home before me so this was one of the first times since he moved in that we had the place to ourselves. Kylie's eyes lit up with realization and she was on my lips in a second. Our tongues intertwined and I could feel the urgency behind her kiss.

I turned her around and hiked up her skirt. She gave a little gasp in mock shock as I got down on my knees behind her. She was wearing a pretty white g-string, which I pulled to the side so I could stick my tongue into her already wet pussy. Her scent was intoxicating and I loved to eat her out when she was like this. My tongue started going back and forth over the folds, I was enjoying every second.

She was already getting loud, not holding back, which made my cock twitch with excitement. I unbuttoned my pants to free myself. A few strokes with my hand and I felt like I was already ready to bust. It had been too long for me as well. I stood up and got the tip of my dick lined up with her slit and felt her wetness on my head.

"Please fuck me baby! I need this so bad Daniel!". Her words only made things worse for me. I needed to stall. I moved my dick back and forth at her entrance teasing her. Kylie moaned loudly. I slowly allowed my head to enter and felt the warmth of her pussy. But I pulled back immediately. It just felt too good.

I waited another second, trying to calm myself down, and popped the tip in one more time. She tried to push her hips back, but I moved with her. With eyes closed, she cried out "Fuck me Daniel". That was my cue and I slowly started to move forward.

But then just at that moment, we both heard keys jiggling the lock on the apartment door. Kylie let out a frustrated groan and pulled down her skirt and ran to the bathroom. I quickly pulled my pants up and was just finishing with the buckle when Jason walked in. He saw me standing there and immediately knew what he had interrupted.

"Shit bro, I'm sorry. Let me just drop my table off and I'll go take a walk" Jason said, barely looking at me.

Well this was embarrassing. No point trying to play it off.

"Nah it's ok man, Kylie went into the shower already. You want a beer?", I responded. I needed to distract myself.

We drank a few and talked about work. He was just getting back from one of those private clients that he massaged at their home.

"How was the place?" I asked.

"Unreal man. It was a penthouse downtown. Elevator opens right up into their living room." he said.

"That's awesome". I imagined what it would be like to live in one of those.

"Yea must be some old rich guy who married young. The girl was a smoke show" he said. A little smirk on his face.

"Lucky dog", I said with a wink.

I heard Kylie get out of the shower and excused myself to go check on her.

"Hey" I said from the doorway. "You alright?"

"Let's not even talk about it. I took a cold shower but it barely helped. I swear if I think about it I might just scream." Kylie said as she brushed her hair in the mirror, barely making eye contact with me.

"I'm sorry honey. I'm sure we'll get into a routine soon and find some time for us".

"Does he really need to be here, Daniel? There's no other way we could figure things out financially?" she asked.

"Not really Kylie. I just don't make enough and we need that second income to afford this place. I think you just need to give him a chance. Make him feel comfortable since I'm sure it's awkward for him too." I responded.

"But he makes me feel uncomfortable in my own apartment! I feel like I can't do what I want anymore!" she whined.

"It's all in your head sweetie. This is still your apartment. It will take some getting used to, but if you try I'm sure it will feel like home again soon."

"It's not in my head, Daniel" she said, anger in her voice.

"I didn't mean...", I started, but she interrupted me.

"Whatever. Tomorrow I'm putting all my energy into finding a job. Then maybe things can go back to how they were and I'll get my apartment back" she exclaimed.

I sighed.

"Ok sweetie, I'll go prepare dinner", I said and quietly left the room

*****

(Kylie)

I awoke late the next morning. I tossed and turned all night after the events from the previous evening. I had been so close to getting the release I needed. But no, Daniel just had to take his time, teasing me. He should have known that Jason would have been returning at any moment. Ugh. I was so mad thinking about it.

Daniel had already left for the day, as usual. I got up and started picking out my clothes. I found a real sexy red thong that I slipped on. Even just the feeling the cotton pressing against me, sent electricity through my body. I stared at myself in the mirror and pinched my exposed nipples. I had a pretty big chest, nothing huge, but definitely more than a handful. I turned around to admire my ass in my thong. I loved going to the gym, though I hadn't been in a few weeks because of Jason. I worked hard to keep my bubble butt and I knew guys noticed it. I really needed to get back in there. Maybe that would help take the edge off.

I heard Jason enter the bathroom and heard the water start. I was still replaying last night in my head, when a thought hit me. While the shower is running, Jason probably won't be able to hear very well. If I tried my hardest to keep it down, maybe I could get myself off. I was grasping at straws, but I was desperate. If I make it quick, I could finish before he even gets out. Maybe I could finally get some relief!

I quickly laid down on the bed and started making my way down to my crotch. I had barely touched my clit over my panties and was already stifling a moan. My other hand groped my breast and played with my nipple. I'm going to enjoy this, I thought to myself, as a soft moan escaped my lips. I slowly reached down the front of my panties, past my bald pubic region. I circled my clit a few times and could feel myself getting wet. My excitement was already through the roof.

I continued to make my way further down, spreading my lips and feeling the wetness. I circled my entrance just as Daniel had done the night before. I did like a little bit of teasing.

But just as I was about to slip my finger into my hole, I heard Jason curse. "This fucking thing! Why can't I ever get this working?"

I clenched my jaw. Are you kidding me? Not again. Not this time.

I needed this guy to get in the shower so I could finally climax. I jumped out of bed quickly, grabbing a towel to cover myself up. I stomped down the hallway and burst into the bathroom without even knocking.

And there was Jason just standing there completely naked, looking at the shower. I had obviously caught him by surprise and to be honest I had shocked myself as well. I don't know why I didn't knock. I guess all I could think about was getting back to bed.

Jason just stared at me for a second, as I stared back at his half erect penis. Must have been the remnants of morning wood. But I couldn't take my eyes off it. Even in this state he was already as big as Daniel. I could feel my pussy instantly flood, biology taking over, sending the signals to make sure I was plenty lubricated if that thing was going to come near me. I had to pinch my legs together ever so slightly and the friction sent a shiver down my body.

Jason moved first and grabbed his boxers from the floor to hold in front of his pole.

"Jeeze, Kylie is everything alright??", he said, looking concerned.

I snapped out of my trance and apologized. "Sorry! I-I just heard you from the other room and figured you were having issues with the shower again so I came to help". I must have turned a dark shade of red as the reality of the situation was starting to set in. "I should have knocked though! I'm so sorry I'll leave!".

I motioned to turn around, but Jason interrupted, "No wait, actually I really could use your help. I was trying not to bother you, but really I just can't figure this thing out. I've been standing here for 5 minutes. I can't believe I still can't get it".

I paused in the doorway and turned back around. He was still holding his boxers covering his semi erect organ. I took a deep breath, calming myself. "Ok let me give it a shot" I said as I walked over to the shower.

I leaned over and started to adjust the knobs and pulled the pin at just the right angle. The water shot out of the shower head, but this time I wasn't fast enough to get out of the way. The water hit me and in a shock I slipped forward. I yelped as I fell. I could feel my towel loosen as I landed on both my hands. The towel dropped to the floor.

I was frozen for a second. My tits hanging out and my ass barely covered by my skimpy thong. I realized that Jason must be looking and was sure he could see the clear wet mark on my red panties. Thinking of him looking at me in such a vulnerable position, I couldn't move from the embarrassment.

I finally dared to peek over my shoulder to see how bad it was. Apparently in all the commotion Jason had dropped the boxers he had used to cover himself. My eyes couldn't help but be drawn to his exposed region. His half chub was quickly becoming a full one. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. My embarrassment started to fade as another feeling rose up.

I could see his eyes going up my body. Starting at my legs and stopping right at my ass. My mind started racing, unable to control the dirty thoughts that were coming into my head. I bet he could see the outline of my tight pussy through my panties. Maybe a little slip of my asshole was showing from behind my thong. I involuntarily arched my back, sticking my ass out. I bit my lip, watching Jason's cock grow even bigger. The wet spot on my thong, getting bigger as well.

I stayed like that for a second more and then stood up and turned around. My nipples were hard, as I unsuccessfully tried to cover my breasts with one hand. Jason's eyes moved up my body looking to get a glimpse of my round tits. I saw his stiff cock twitch ever so slightly.

The bathroom was small so there was barely a foot between us. Jason stood there frozen. With one hand on my breasts, I bent down to grab my towel with my other. I noticed the boxers Jason had dropped and I picked those up too.

"I think you dropped these. Though I'm not sure they'll be enough to cover you now" I said, handing them to Jason's with a smirk.

Jason finally snapped out of it and took his boxers back. He looked down and noticed his massive erection and quickly moved to cover up. "I'm so sorry Kylie! I-I don't even know what to say", he said, as he looked at the ceiling trying hard not to look at my body anymore.

I couldn't help but smile.

There was another few seconds of silence. "Looks like I'll be needing a cold shower this morning", he said, trying to cut the tension.

"Well then I guess that makes us even since it was your fault I had to take one last night" I said jokingly. I walked past him to the door, a little bit of confidence in my step. As I got to the doorway, I turned around and caught him staring at my ass once more. I had to admit it felt good to see the uncontrollable reaction my body had on him.

Jason, still in shock, mumbled another apology and turned around to get in the shower, not realizing that he was giving me a nice view of his muscular ass as he climbed in.

I walked back down the hall, head spinning. I couldn't get the image out of my mind of that long hard cock. I had been living with that thing for the past few weeks without even realizing it. My body was going crazy and I felt like I could explode. When I got back to my room I planned to go to town on myself and finally get that release, not caring if Jason could hear me or not.

But when I got back I had a message from the recruiter saying she wanted to meet right away. This brought me back to reality and I felt a pang of guilt. Did I cross a line with Jason? Would Daniel be mad? Really nothing had happened though. There was no touching and the whole thing was really just an accident. Sure maybe we both stared a little too long, but that could be our little secret.


Chapter 2

*****

(Daniel)

I got back from work and Kylie and Jason were already home. It looked like Kylie had just gotten in as well, as she was just putting down her purse and taking off her jacket. She was clearly in a better mood today than she was yesterday.

Her and Jason were laughing about something that must have been said before I entered. It was good to see them finally getting along. It's been a frustrating few weeks for Kylie, between her job search and Jason moving in, and she wore her emotions on her sleeve. Unfortunately, it often came across as hostility towards Jason. But maybe she was finally warming up to him.

"Hey sweetie, you seem happy?" I said, looking over at her. She looked beautiful as always, but it had been a while since I had seen her smile. "Good news from the recruiter?"

Kylie looked up at me and gave me a big grin. "I had an amazing day, honey! The recruiter got me some great leads on private practices in the area. The hours are great and the pay seems even better. I should have interviews all week!"

"Wow that's awesome, Kylie! See what a difference a day makes!" I said.

I looked over at Jason, who was sitting at the table. "And what about you, man? I didn't get any text about the shower today, have you finally figured it out?" I joked.

Jason just smiled and looked at Kylie. "Nope, still can't get it working. But lucky for me Kylie was around and had a look."

"Yea I had a look," Kylie said with a smirk.

"Gotta watch out when it switches on though, otherwise you could get wet, right Kylie?" Jason said with a pointed look. I noticed Kylie got a bit red in the face and avoided eye contact.

She nodded. "I definitely got wet," she said. They both gave a little chuckle.

I didn't think much of it. That shower was always a problem and I'd had my fair share of getting blasted with cold water when I wasn't expecting it.

"It'll definitely wake you up in the morning," I said to Jason.

"Wide awake!" he responded with a nod and a smile.

"We really need to get that thing fixed though. Maybe I'll call tomorrow," I said, turning back to Kylie. "Anyway, let's celebrate your good news, sweetie!"

The three of us cracked open some beers and enjoyed the rest of the night. Kylie hated when I drank, but she was in such a good mood she didn't even say anything tonight. I made sure to only have a couple though. I didn't want to spoil it. I was just happy she was starting to take my advice with Jason.

A few hours later we went off to bed. I was laying down, looking at my phone. Kylie was looking at herself in the mirror as she got undressed. I turned to look at her, enjoying the view as she wiggled out of her pants. "It's great that you helped Jason this morning," I said. "I think it will go a long way in making us all feel more comfortable living together."

Kylie turned to me in just her bra and panties, a beautiful matching red set. The thong in particular was one of her sexier ones. I loved how it looked on her. She had such a great ass. It was perfectly round, but not overly big like you see on a lot of girls these days.

"Yea...I don't think I made things more comfortable for anyone," she said, blushing like she had in the common area earlier.

I sat up slightly against the headboard. "Why's that, honey? Did something happen?"

She took a deep breath. "Promise not to get mad?" she said, as she looked over to me.

"I promise," I said, hesitantly.

"Well I kind of walked right into the bathroom without knocking this morning. I heard Jason struggling with the shower and figured he needed help. I was so irritated from last night I guess I just wasn't thinking. And I kinda caught him naked..." she said.

I let out a nervous laugh. "Oh wow that's awkward. How did he react? He didn't seem mad during dinner."

"No, I think we were both more surprised than anything. He covered himself after the shock wore off," Kylie said. Then she paused. "I don't think he could be mad anyway, since it all evened out in the end."

I looked at her with a confused look on my face. "What do you mean 'evened out'?"

"Well before I went into the bathroom, I was in the middle of getting dressed. When I heard him struggling, I only had on this pair of panties," she said as she snapped the band on her red thong. "I was in a rush to finish, uh, getting ready. So I just threw a towel on to cover up."

I wasn't really the jealous type, but imagining my girlfriend in the bathroom in just a towel and thong and our new roommate naked was not what I wanted to be picturing.

"Well, you were still pretty much covered though, right?" I said.

"Yea I was," she responded.

She was avoiding my eyes in the mirror.

"But then I slipped into the tub," she added.

"You slipped? How did that happen? Did you get hurt?" I was trying to piece everything together, a million questions in my head.

"No, no nothing like that," she said. "When I turned the shower on, I must have been distracted because the water hit me and I fell. But as I fell...my towel came off."

Shit.

"Jason got a good look at me bent over in just my panties" she added, almost quietly. I thought I saw a flash of a smile on her face, but maybe it was just the angle she was looking at the mirror.

"Oh wow", I muttered, shaking my head and looking off in the distance. My mind was racing. "Then what happened?" My nervousness growing.

"Nothing. I picked up my towel and Jason tried his best to cover himself back up. Then I left," she responded quickly.

Wait, I thought Jason had already covered himself?

I was just about to ask, but when I looked up at Kylie I noticed she was now bending over her makeup stand as she looked at her face in the mirror. Her back was arched, her ass on display.

Was this the kind of view Jason had this morning? I had to admit, it was quite the view. Her pretty red thong barely covering her most sexual areas. Was that a dark spot on her panties? My eyes moved up and down her smooth legs. Her beautiful bubble butt stuck out just right. My horniess began to take over.

Kylie looked in the mirror and caught me staring. "Like what you see?" she smirked.

My dick was standing at full attention and was pitching the blanket. Any questions I had about her bathroom encounter went out the window.

Kylie reached around her back and slowly started spreading her cheeks for me, biting her lip in the mirror. I was mesmerized by the tiny dark damp spot, now showing clearly, on her red thong. As she spread her cheeks I got a little glimpse of her pussy lips.

I got up out of the bed and walked over to her. I stood behind her and smacked her ass. She gave out a moan. She looked back at me with lust filled eyes and I began rubbing her pussy through her panties. Another moan escaped her lips. Her eyes dropped down to my dick, which had made a tent in my boxers.

In the other room we heard Jason cough. Kylie's face turned from horny to embarrassed.

She sighed. I knew what that meant.

"I just can't do it knowing he's right there honey," she said.

She saw the look of disappointment on my face, as I started to turn to get back into bed.

"How about I just take care of you tonight?" she said, dropping down to her knees.

I didn't even have a chance to respond. As she yanked down my shorts, my disappointment quickly disappeared, as did my dick into her mouth. Kylie gave great blowjobs, but she didn't do it often. She liked to go right to sex. But I always enjoyed moments like these though, since I didn't need to worry about lasting long.

She licked from the bottom all the way to the tip. She swirled her tongue around the head over and over again. I could feel myself already leaking with precum.

Then she slowly started taking me deeper and deeper. I figured at some point she would stop, but she kept going until she was all the way at the base. She hadn't done this before!

Her eyes were closed and I could feel her moaning into my dick. I loved that this was getting her off. It was so sexy seeing her deepthroat me like that. But knowing that she was enjoying it made it even hotter.

"God, Kylie you're taking me all the way!" I moaned.

She finally pulled back, leaving just the tip in her mouth. She looked up at me and gave me a wink.

Then she slammed down on my cock again. She started doing this faster and faster. Like I said her blowjobs were great, but this was on a whole new level. I had never seen her this excited to suck me off. My entire dick hitting the back of her throat over and over again.

I could feel that familiar tingle in my balls. I tried to hold back so I could enjoy this as long as possible, but it was no use.

"I'm gonna come!" I barely got the words out.

I expected her to slow down, but instead she slammed down on my dick one last time. Her eyes closed once more and I could hear her moan as each spurt of cum filled her mouth.

"Damn, that was amazing!" I exclaimed, my knees weak.

As the last of it dribbled out, Kylie finally let my dick drop from her mouth. She swallowed with a gulp, finally opening her eyes and looking back up at me. She smiled. "I'm glad you enjoyed it honey. I can't believe how easily it was to fit your whole dick in my mouth."

"I know! That was so hot," I responded as I collapsed on the bed watching Kylie strip down before getting in next to me.

I dozed off feeling completely satisfied.

*****

(Kylie)

I lied in bed for a bit, while Daniel snored next to me. I felt guilty. I hadn't lied, but I definitely made the encounter with Jason seem more innocent than it had been.

But retelling the story to Daniel was so exciting! I had never experienced anything like it. It's like I was telling on myself. I couldn't help but arch my back while I recounted everything, just like I had in the bathroom. Even though it was Daniel in the room, all I could think about was the rush I got when it was Jason.

When Daniel came up from behind me and smacked my ass, my brain had convinced me that it was Jason. That I was back in the bathroom, exposed over the tub. But when I looked down at the dick in front of me it just didn't measure up. This was Daniel, not Jason.

I never had a problem with Daniel's dick. I didn't blow him often, even though I enjoyed it, because he could be quick on the trigger sometimes. If we skipped most of the foreplay there was a better chance I would get to orgasm during sex. Lucky for me, Daniel was happy to go down on me after to make sure I finished, which happened a lot. But I couldn't help but wonder if I wouldn't have that problem with a cock like Jason's.

While I was blowing Daniel, I pushed his dick as far down my throat as possible. I was imagining how much more I would have to take if it had been Jason's cock. I was honestly surprised how easy it was to deepthroat Daniel and was a little disappointed.

Still, I enjoyed hearing him groan in pleasure and with my eyes closed I was able to imagine that bathroom encounter playing out much differently. I moaned onto his dick, thinking about what it would feel like to feel Jason pulsing in my mouth. When Daniel shot his load, I couldn't help but wonder how Jason's would taste.

As Daniel slept, I was left awake tossing and turning. I felt even worse once my horniess subsided. I shouldn't be thinking of sucking another man's dick, especially not while I'm sucking my boyfriends! I blamed all my pent up sexual frustration for putting those thoughts in my head. I told myself I wouldn't think of Jason anymore.

That didn't last long though.

Jason had been embarrassed in the bathroom that day, but he must have also felt the sparks the same as I had. It's like we had this inside joke and it changed our whole dynamic.

I'm not sure who started it, but it felt like we were playing some kind of unspoken game of chicken. I noticed that he had started wearing more tank tops around the house, showing off his muscles. Or he would strip off his shirt before heading to the bathroom after coming back from the gym. He caught me looking one time. His smirk said it all.

How could I stop thinking about him if he was going to tease me like that? I knew he was doing it just to be funny, but I don't think he realized just how much he was getting to me. I should have just ignored it, but the only thing I could think of was giving him a taste of his own medicine. Maybe that would scare him off.

I started small, wearing my really tight workout shorts around the house. They showed off my ass perfectly and I always got looks at the gym. I tried to catch Jason looking, but he didn't seem too bothered by it. I told myself I didn't care, but I did. I wanted him to watch me. I needed to go further. This was just a normal outfit, he probably saw girls wear this all the time when he was down at the gym.

The next day, I upped the ante. I found a pair of low rise jeans and wore a cute pink g-string with a little butterfly. I got the pants just right so that my panties didn't show when walking around, but would pop out easily if I bent over. I picked a shirt that showed off my midriff and had ample cleavage. I hadn't worn something like this since I was single in college. It wasn't completely inappropriate, but it was definitely meant to get attention.

That night Jason was in the kitchen preparing his dinner. Daniel was asleep on the couch. My stomach was in knots. I couldn't wait to see Jason's reaction. I walked into the kitchen very casually, barely paying attention to him and started searching through the cabinets. I bent over, aimlessly looking for nothing in particular in one of the lower cabinets. I could feel my panties riding up and I arched my back to push them up even higher.

I got down further, really digging through the cabinet, pretending to be completely oblivious to what was happening. I looked back slightly to see my dirty work. My thong was completely exposed, the pink strings contrasting against my skin. I felt so sexy.

I knew I had Jason's attention when I heard him curse because his food was burning. I laughed to myself.

I slowly backed out from under the cabinet making sure not to adjust anything. As I sat back on my heels, I looked back and said "Oops" as I tucked my panties back into my pants. I didn't make eye contact with Jason, but I knew he was looking.

Next I checked one of the high cabinets. I reached up for something on one of the higher shelves, but couldn't quite get there. I jumped slightly a few times, feeling my tits bounce.

"Can I help you get something?" Jason asked as he came over close to me.

"Would you mind grabbing that bowl up there?" I said, continuing to act oblivious.

Jason reached up and grabbed it easily, but on the way down I could tell he was looking straight down my cleavage. Our eyes met for a second and Jason quickly looked away. Perfect.

"Thanks," I said and strolled out of there, my objective complete.

Daniel was still asleep when I passed by and was clueless to what was going on. I got back to the room, feeling breathless. What a rush! It was exhilarating knowing Jason's eyes were all over me.

A few days passed and I thought I had won our little game. The rational side of me was glad. Good, now I could stop thinking about him. The devious side was disappointed though. Fun was over I guess.

That was until one morning later in the week. I was in the living room getting ready for an interview after Daniel had left for work. When Jason came in I hadn't even noticed him at first. He plopped onto the couch a seat over from me.

"Nervous for your interview," he said. I looked up ready to answer, but the words got lost. Jason was sitting there in just his boxers. No shirt, no pants. I took in his entire body and my eyes got wide. I glanced immediately at his crotch, unable to help myself. I could definitely see a bulge.

"What? Uhh yeah, a little bit nervous," I finally managed to say. I tried to regain some composure, but I just couldn't stop admiring his body. My blood was pumping and I could feel my heart beating in my chest.

"Shouldn't you be getting ready for work?" I said, finally meeting his eye. I needed to try and get back the upperhand. "Or did you need help in the shower again," trying to force confidence.

"I was actually hoping that would become part of our morning routine," Jason laughed. He was on his game today. "But no, no work today. Usually, if I can, I like to schedule all my clients on the same days so I can leave a day off to just decompress."

"And what do you do to decompress?" I asked.

"Well it depends. Sometimes I'll hit the gym or other days I'll just veg playing video games or watching TV," he said, sitting back and looking totally relaxed.

"And do you usually do that in your underwear?" I said with a pointed look.

"Of course, it's the best." He was sitting there smiling. A smug look on his face.

"Why's that?" I asked

"Easy access in case the mood strikes." My eyes grew wide again and my face reddened. He laughed as soon as he said it. "Sorry, maybe that was too much information," he said, happy he had gotten a reaction out of me.

I tried to act normal, but now all I could think about was Jason rubbing one out. I'm sure that was by design.

Trying to put him back on his heels, I responded, "I mean everyone does it, it's not a big deal."

He looked at me. "Even you? You must be quiet as a mouse cause I never hear you," he said right back.

"Actually I'm very loud, so I haven't been able to since you moved in" I blurted out.

My face instantly became beat red, I could feel it getting hot. It had all just come tumbling out. Why would I say that?! Jason's eyebrows raised in surprise, but there was a slight smirk as well.

"Ok now I'm sharing too much," I said. I checked my watch. "I gotta run or I'm gonna be late." I got up quickly from the couch without looking at Jason.

As I left the room, I just couldn't help it. I looked back one more time and caught Jason's eyes. "Have fun 'decompressing' today," I said.

Jason laughed. "Good luck on your interview!"

Jason must have liked the reaction he had gotten because the rest of the week it seemed like he was always in his boxers when it was just me and him at home. I had to think of some way to get back at him. My little outfits were sexy, but I wanted to see him get red in the face like he had done to me.

But Saturday that was the furthest thing from my mind. Daniel and I were lying in bed cuddling. Saturday morning used to be one of our favorite times to have sex. No work, nowhere to be. I always slept naked so all I would need to do was rub against Daniel and he was ready to go. Unfortunately my body had gotten very used to that schedule and I was horny, although I guess that was pretty common these days. I pressed my breasts into Daniel, even though I knew there would be none of that today.

Daniel's phone buzzed and he reached over to get it.

"Oo Chris just texted me. Said he's in the neighborhood and wanted to see if we wanted to get breakfast," he read aloud.

Ugh, not Chris. He was so boring. He used to date this nice girl who I could talk to on our double dates, but they broke up a few months back. Now I dreaded when the three of us got together.

"You go honey. You guys always just end up talking about fantasy football and I'll get bored," I said.

"Are you sure sweetie? I feel bad leaving you on my day off," he responded.

"Really it's fine. I want to do some cleaning in the house anyway." I needed to distract myself anyway, since my horiness was reaching a boiling point.

Daniel got up and got ready and gave me a kiss on the forehead before leaving. A little while later I got up too, admiring my naked body in the mirror for a moment. I then moved to the closet to start looking for clothes to clean in. I normally would just throw on an old baggy white t-shirt. It was comfortable, I wouldn't be too hot and I didn't care if it got dirty. But with Jason in the house I guess I should find something more appropriate.

Or should I?

Daniel was the one that said I should try to make this place feel like my home again. I'm the one cleaning the apartment, why shouldn't I wear what I want? Besides, clearly Jason had stopped caring about wearing anything appropriate. Always walking around in his boxers.

I slipped a plain white shirt on over my naked body. It went to just below my ass. I nervously opened the bedroom door. I couldn't hear anything from the living room. As confident as I had been a second ago, I was glad Jason wasn't up or I might have chickened out.

I started in the kitchen, cleaning off the counter with a sponge. I collected all the used glasses and plates and stacked them in the sink. Daniel was supposed to do the dishes last night, but he must have forgotten like always and they were piling up. I'd have to take care of that before cleaning the rest of the kitchen.

I must have made some noise moving everything around, because not long after I heard Jason's door open.

I turned on the sink, letting the water run to fill up the bottom. I picked up a cup and began rinsing it. The sink faced away from the doorway to the kitchen, so I didn't hear Jason come in.

"Morning," he said from behind me. It sounded like he was over by the refrigerator.

I turned my head to reply and I noticed he was once again in only his boxers. But this time I could clearly see the outline of his dick, straining against the material! Jason was still half asleep and he probably didn't even realize he still had morning wood.

My Saturday morning horiness came flooding back and I lost track of what I was doing. I dropped the cup I was holding and the water from the sink splashed all over me. I gave a little yelp and jumped back, turning towards Jason, holding my hands out, the water dripping off me.

This obviously caused Jason to look at me in surprise, waking him up from his half sleeping state. I noticed he was staring right at my chest, so I looked down and it became apparent why. The cold water had turned my shirt see thru. You could see the darkened outline of my nipples as they poked through the shirt.

I quickly turned back around to hide myself.

"Anything fun planned for today," I asked, as I picked up the cup and continued rinsing it. The wet shirt felt great against my breasts and I could feel my body get goosebumps. I popped open the dishwasher, trying to concentrate on the cleaning.

"Nothing crazy, probably just gonna play a video game on the c..." he cut off mid sentence as I loaded the glass on the bottom rack of the dishwasher.

It was at that moment that I remembered I wasn't wearing any panties and that he probably just got a nice flash of my bare ass and maybe more when I bent over! I quickly stood up and pulled the bottom of the shirt down. So much for feeling comfortable in my own apartment!

I looked over at Jason whose mouth was hanging slightly open and whose face had gotten red. I noticed the tent in his boxers was definitely much bigger and sticking out even further.

"I'll just be on the couch," he managed to finally get out and he quickly left the room.

Oh my god, I can't believe that just happened. I should have worn more appropriate clothes! This was worse than the bathroom.

And yet even though I was embarrassed, the look on Jason's face was priceless. If I was looking for payback from the couch incident, I had definitely gotten it. I giggled to myself.

I then became very conscious of how exposed I was. How the air felt on my legs and up under the shirt. The goosebumps returned and my thoughts went to Jason's boxers. I felt that same rush I had in the bathroom a week ago. The compromising position. His uncontrollable reaction. It turned me on so much I couldn't think clearly.

I wanted to chase that feeling.

I went out into the living room and saw Jason sitting on the couch, already with the controller in his hand for his video game. He was holding it as best he could to conceal his crotch, but of course unsuccessfully. It looked like he was ready to pop right out of his boxers. When I entered the room he didn't even look over, clearly still embarrassed.

But I wanted his attention. I needed it. Mischievously, I started cleaning up around the room. I bent over to grab things off the floor, facing towards him to see if he would try to look down my shirt as it hung loose from my body. I was frustrated to see that he was staying focused on the game.

I looked over at the TV and noticed the stand underneath. An idea popped into my head. This would surely get his attention. "Wow look at all that dust in there, I must have missed it last time I cleaned," I said out loud, but to myself.

I grabbed my paper towels and I walked over. I got on my knees and started wiping down the surface around the TV. I'm sure I was partially blocking Jason's view, but I had a feeling he didn't mind. I then moved to cleaning the shelf inside the stand. I leaned forward, getting on all fours, so I could get my arm all the way to the back. I heard the game pause, as I stayed there moving my arm back and forth collecting the dust that had accumulated.

I could feel the air against the bottom of my ass, wondering how much Jason could see. I shifted back a little bit trying to get his attention, but my shirt must have gotten caught on something. I felt it start to ride up the back, almost in slow motion.

I froze. It was at that point that I knew I was now on full display to Jason. There was no doubt he could see my big beautiful ass with my tight slit showing right in between. I paused for a second, unsure what to do next.

I unconsciously started to rock side to side, my ass going back and forth just slightly. I moved my arms like I was still cleaning, even though that was the furthest thing from my mind. My curiosity was dying to know if Jason was looking at me.

After a few more seconds of fake cleaning, I just had to take a peek.

What I saw behind me was so much more than I expected.

Because there on the couch was Jason, with the controller at his side and his cock completely out of his boxers. If it's possible, it looked even bigger than I remembered from the bathroom. I was floored.

Jason hadn't realized I was watching him, he was clearly mesmerized by the sight in front of him which only added to the fire inside me. I watched as he slowly moved his hand to the base of his cock, gripping it tightly. And I watched as he slid that hand up and back down.

Was he masturbating?? I couldn't believe it. The sight was so surreal that a gasp escaped my lips involuntarily.

Jason finally broke his gaze and realized that I was looking, stopping his movement. Our eyes met. He waited a second to see what I would do. I was frozen. My eyes flashed down to his crotch and I bit my lip. He began stroking his cock again.

Something in my brain just switched. I spread my legs further apart and could feel my lips spread slightly. I felt so exposed, but I was loving it. Taking that as permission, Jason started moving his hand faster up and down.

Without even realizing it, my own hand had traveled down my body. I slowly rubbed my aching pussy lips feeling the wetness on my fingers. I moaned loudly this time. Jason caught my eye, his face full of lust. He quickly returned his gaze to my pussy.

I spread my lips wide for him, showing him my hole. I was completely out of my mind. My pussy was on fire, begging for me to enter it, to finally give in after all these weeks. With that I slipped my middle finger in.

"Ohhhhh goddddd!" I let out. My finger reached deep inside of me, exploring what hadn't been touched in way too long. A pulse of pleasure sent through my body.

One finger wasn't going to be enough though. Especially looking at this huge cock being stroked behind me. I inserted another and was starting to hear the sounds of my soaked pussy echoing through the room.

"Ooooohhhhh fuckkkkkkk!" Another moan, this one even louder. I sped up my fingers even faster, pushing back on my hand with each thrust. My palm rubbed against my clit, as my fingers worked inside.

I don't know what came over me, but as I stared at his cock I yelled out, "Stroke it faster for me Jason!"

Jason looked up in surprise at hearing his name, but then grunted in response, going even faster.

The squish, squish, squish of my fingers mixed in with the fap, fap, fap of Jason jacking off hard were the only sounds you could hear.

I watched his bulging cock, his head becoming larger. I saw how wet with precum it was. I imagined him coming over and just shoving it right into me. Taking me right there in the living room. Pounding me hard from behind.

The thought put me right over the edge. The feeling that had been building and building was now too big to control. That warm fire of orgasm sweeping through my entire body.

"OH MY FUCKING GOD, YES YES YES!" I screamed, as I came hard for the first time in weeks. All while looking at a cock that didn't belong to my boyfriend.

Wave after wave went through my body and I was on a completely different planet.

I could tell Jason was also getting close. I continued to pump my fingers into my pussy, riding out this amazing orgasm, trying to hold onto it for as long as possible.

Suddenly Jason stopped and the ding from the elevator was heard from the hallway. It barely registered with me, but Jason jumped straight off the couch and went right into his bedroom. I removed my fingers, still in a daze. Not even two seconds later, Daniel opened the door and came in.

He stopped dead in his tracks, looking at me completely exposed underneath the TV and out of breath.

