The Trailer Park: The Second Year
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2006 by Wizard

Chapter 25

"I know you planned this. But how the hell did you get my dad, her mom, and your folks to go along with it?"

I grinned knowingly.

Actually, it just happened. Tami's mom was going to be gone for the weekend and had already arranged with my mom for Tami to stay with us. Then Aunt Patti called from Kirkland and invited all of us up. My mom wanted to go because she hadn't seen her sister since her surgery. She talked to Tami's mom, and they decided that we were old enough and trustworthy enough to stay by ourselves. Besides, there was nothing that we could do overnight that we couldn't have been doing during the day. And both women were smart enough to suspect that we had.

Then Robbie had decided to spend the night with Tami after the dance, and her dad had gotten into the act. And now, I had the house to myself with two hot babes until Tami's mom got home tomorrow afternoon.

Tami excused herself and went to the bathroom.

"So now you get your threesome," Robbie said in a low voice, her face unreadable.

"No," I said quickly.

Robbie looked surprised. Hell, I was surprised.

"No?"

"Tami's not ready for something like that."

"She'll be fine. I'll explain about the bet."

"No," I said firmly. Robbie blinked. She might be fine, but I didn't think I could handle Tami watching while I made love to Robbie, or vice versa. I guess I'm a wimp. It was one thing for Kelly to watch me and her sister, or Mikee to watch me and Kelly. But Robbie watching my cock sink into Tami? I don't think so.

"So what about the bet?"

"Let's just say, I won, Tami's going to stay a brunette, and leave it at that."

Robbie stared at me.

Tami came back. "What's wrong?"

"I was just trying to figure out how I wound up with a nice guy."

"You know what they say," I said, "Unlucky in love... Maybe you have a career as a card counter."

Tami looked from Robbie to me and back again.

"So what happens now?" Robbie asked finally.

"Well, I'm going to kiss you a hell of a lot better than Tami did. Then I'm going to kiss her a lot better than you did. That should bring you both back to the hetero lifestyle. Then I'm gonna go to my room, climb in bed, and pull the covers over my head. I got cut from the baseball team today, so I'm gonna cry myself to sleep."

Robbie and I were sitting on the coach, so I grabbed her and pressed my mouth to hers. The kiss lasted centuries as our tongues intertwined and her breathe mingled with mine. My hand massaged her breast beneath her frilly dress. I broke away and kissed her once more, lightly, on the lips.

Then I stood and pulled Tami into a tight embrace. My hand caressed her ass as our lips met as hotly as Robbie and mine. When I finished, I kissed her gently and walked to my room.

"There's two other beds. One of you can take Traci's and the other my parents', or you can share my parents'. It's big enough," I said over my shoulder before I closed my door.

"Two girls and a house to himself, and he goes to bed," I heard Robbie say through the door. "He needs someone to take care of him."

"Lucky he's got us," Tami said.


Chapter 26

"We're here!" somebody shouted.

My eyes opened slowly. What the hell?

My door opened, and Kelly ran in and jumped on me. "Your parents are gone and we can play all morning." She kissed me hard and hugged me through the sheet and blanket.

'This isn't right, ' I thought. Then: 'Why not, you've done it before.'

Mikee followed her into the room. "She's always first," she complained.

"That's cause I save the best for last. Besides, she runs."

There was something wrong.

Kelly sat up and started pulling her shirt off. "Mikee made out with some kid at the dance last night," she informed me as her shorts joined her shirt on the floor. She wasn't wearing anything else.

I looked at the seventh grader.

"Billy Creswell. Robbie told him to dance with me and we... well, he's nice."

I grinned at her, and she almost shyly started pulling her shirt off. Kelly started pulling my blanket off me.

'What's wrong with this picture?' a voice in the back of my head yelled.

'What could be wrong about waking up to two hot girls ready for sex?' I told it.

Two hot girls.

Two hot girls?

Oh, my God. Robbie and Tami!

"You've got to get..." I looked at the door. Tami's face was expressionless, but Robbie's was shocked. I'd finally managed to surprise her.

Tami draped her arm around Robbie's shoulder. "Come on," she said, leading Robbie back toward my parents' room.

I considered my options. I could research that monastery I'd been thinking about. Except they liked to really get into the religion thing, and I wasn't sure I could. Homosexuality seemed like an option. I suppose Luke was kinda cute, but he didn't look very cuddly. Maybe I could talk my parents into moving again. They say Boston is nice. We have cousins there. I could start over. Maybe not make the same mistakes.

"Oh, God," Kelly said, looking at the door.

"Fuck!" Mikee said, then clamped her hand over her mouth.

I couldn't agree with her more.


Chapter 27

"Robbie, can we talk?"

Robbie closed her locker and looked the other way down the hall. "There's nothing to say."

"You don't understand."

"I think I understand just fine."

"Will you at least listen?"

Robbie spun and looked at me, her face set in stone. "Talk!"

"I..." The problem was, what the hell could I say? I'd been having sex with the two younger girls on the side. I could say it didn't mean anything. And it didn't. It was just sex, But I didn't see that helping a lot.

"That's what I thought," she snapped. She spun again, and started down the hall.

"Robbie, could we..."

"Leave the young lady alone," came the voice from behind me. I didn't have to turn to know it was Mr. Parker.

"I'm just trying to talk to her."

"She obviously doesn't want to talk to you."

It had been a bad weekend. Mikee and Kelly wouldn't talk to me because they thought they'd messed up my life. Robbie wouldn't talk to me because she felt betrayed. Tami wouldn't talk to me because... hell I don't know why Tami wouldn't talk to me, but she wouldn't.

Dad was in a bad mood when he came home because he'd gotten a speeding ticket. Mom wasn't much better cause she'd just ridden a hundred miles with Dad. The runt was okay, but that wasn't a lot of help.

Then Robbie wasn't on the bus this morning, and the bus was late so I couldn't talk to her before class.

Like I said, it had been a bad weekend.

I turned and faced the administrator.

"Just cause you've never had a love life, doesn't mean you should resent those of us who have."

"My office. Now!"

I sat in Parker's office for over an hour while he ranted and preached about respect. After the first hour I pulled out my notebook and started doing my history homework. Parker didn't even notice for five minutes.

"What do you think you're doing?" he bellowed.

"Homework."

"Put that away. We're talking here."

"Talking? That implies we're communicating. Exchanging ideas. I'm sitting here bored out of my skull, and you're doing a rambling monologue. If you like long boring monologues, join a Shakespeare group."

For a few seconds, I thought I'd killed him. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. On the one hand, it wouldn't be much loss to the world of education; but on the other, I have a kind of Buddhist philosophy about the sanctity of life.

His face turned red and his mouth worked, but only silence. That and a little drool. Then he stomped out.

He was back a few minutes later with Mr. Reed, the principal.

"Tell him. Tell him what you said." His face was still red, and that vein in his forehead was throbbing and creeping me out. I considered an innocent act: 'Said? Said what?' Not to stay out of trouble, but because it would piss Parker off royally.

"I don't remember my exact words, but something to the effect of, since Mr. Parker likes repeating long boring monologues, he should join a Shakespearian acting group."

I thought I saw the hint of a smile of Mr. Reed's face.

"You see," Parker said gleefully. "It's attitudes like his that can destroy the school."

"Destroy the school?" I was destroying the school?

I sighed. "Look, Parker brought me in here to suspend me. He hasn't even bothered to call my parents yet. You two may have nothing better to do than sit around all day, but I have a life." Or I had one until Mom gets a hold of me. "So call my parents, pick a number, and let's get on with it. Besides which, lunch was..." I looked at my watch, "... an hour and thirty-seven minutes ago, and I missed it. My stomach is growling."

"Charley, go call his parents." Reed said after a few seconds thought.

"Both are at work. Dad should be easier to get a hold of, but Mom will be madder," I said helpfully.

"Mr. Sims, I'm worried about you," Reed said after Parker had left the room. I looked up at him, but didn't reply. "You've had a very good record. Both at your old school and now here. But lately..."

I think this was the part where I was supposed to break down and confess to drugs, or alcohol, or being abused or something.

"First that fight in January..."

"For which you wanted to suspend me," I responded at last. "But when you actually took the time to investigate, I heard no more about it. Not even a hint of an apology."

"And now this," Reed finished, ignoring my comments. "And you don't even seem to care."

If there was ever a time for the word fuck with a large exclamation point, this was it.

"Mr. Reed," I said softly. "I made a comment that I probably shouldn't have. I've had a very bad couple of days, but I know that's no excuse. I know I'm getting suspended and I accept that. But expecting me to listen to that blowhard lecture me for over an hour, saying the same thing over and over and over..."

"That's enough!"

I couldn't resist one more point. "Have you ever listened to him for an hour?"

"That's not the point."

"What is?"

"Excuse me?"

"What is the point?"

"The point is, you owe Mr. Parker your respect."

"Sorry, won't happen. If getting through this school means respecting Mr. Parker, you might as well draw up the expulsion forms."

"I don't understand what you mean."

This is what comes from having grandparents who were hippies. At least three of them were. Mom's dad, Grampa Doug, was ROTC then career Marines, but we try to live down the shame. Actually we're very proud of Grandpa Doug, but his attitudes can be a bit neanderthal. What Granny Vickie ever saw in him, I'll never know.

"Were you ever in the military?"

"I was in the Army. But I don't understand what that has to do with anything."

"Officer?"

"Yes."

"In the Army, you come to attention and salute a superior officer?"

"Yes."

"As a sign of respect?"

"Yes, but..."

"Did you ever serve with a superior officer you didn't respect? Stupid? No common sense? Just an asshole in general?" I could see the answer on his face, but he didn't say it.

"Don't bother to answer, I wouldn't want you to have to lie. But I'll bet you still came to attention. That you still saluted. You respected the office, the rank, not the man. I'll be happy to respect the office of vice principal, but if I have to respect Mr. Parker to get through middle school, I'm not going to make it."

We stared at each other for a long time before Mr. Parker came back with Mom. She did not look happy.

"I believe a five day suspension would be appropriate," Mr. Reed said. Mom's face clouded more.

"Mr. Sims, I think we can cut that to three days, if you'd like to apologize to Mr. Parker."

"Bob!" Parker started to complain, but Mr. Reed held up his hand.

"Well?"

I knew what everybody expected. Mom looked relieved. Two words and it was over. 'I'm' and 'sorry.' I remembered Granny Vickie talking about Grandpa Doug's last tour in the Marines. He had a silver eagle on his shoulder, and everybody said that a star was in his future. All he had to do was change a paragraph on an officer's evaluation report. One paragraph for some senator's son. I remembered the look on Granny's face as she told how Grandpa had taken retirement instead. That look told me what she saw in him.

I stood up. "Mr. Parker, I'm sorry that you're so pathetic that you've never had a love life." To say there was a stunned silence is like saying the Grand Canyon is a ditch. "Oh, and I'm sorry you're long-winded and boring too."

"Twelve days." Mr. Reed said evenly. I found out later that twelve days was the maximum he could give with involving the superintendent. "Mrs. Sims, you may take him home now."

"But we need to discuss this. He has to understand..."

"Charley, I think Mr. Sims has had enough talking. He understands the situation completely."

Mom's face lightened a little as she looked from me to Mr. Reed and back again.

"I hope you understand where your attitude has gotten you, young man," Parker said, wanting the last word.

"Two and one. That's what my attitude has gotten me."

Everyone looked confused.

I grinned. "You've tried to suspend me three times and made it stick once."

I started gathering my books as everybody watched. Just as I was passing out the door I heard, "Mr. Sims?" I turned back and looked at Mr. Reed. "When you come back, maybe you and I could chat about things."

I gave him a half smile. "I'd like that."

He nodded and I turned away. Mom was giving me a quizzical look.

On the steps outside, she asked, "Was that worth it?"

We were almost to the car when I said, "Yeah, it was."

"You might not be so sure when I get done with you," she threatened as we got in her car.

"I think..."

She turned in her seat and looked at me, silently waiting for me to complete the thought.

"I think your dad would understand," I said.

She put the car in gear and we pulled out of the parking lot, leaving that world behind.


Chapter 28

Suspension was not a vacation. Mom saw to that. She had a long list of chores around the house, and as that petered out she loaned me out to the neighbors.

I really should schedule these things better. My suspension was for twelve days. Twelve school days, which should have meant sixteen calendar days. But because spring vacation fell in the middle of it, it was actually twenty-three days.

Mom and Dad had a long talk before sentence was pronounced. It was about what I expected. Completely grounded until I went back to school. No television. No computer or internet except for school work. My long list of chores, which included Traci's usual jobs. No friends.

I think the looks I got from Dad were the worst. He was disappointed. I think that was the worst punishment.

Traci could have lorded it over me, but instead went out of her way to be nice. I don't know if she's growing up or Mom warned her that I could explode.

The first night I was paroled for half-an-hour for a walk in the warm night air.

"Hi," Tami said breathlessly and she hurried to catch up. I was just turning onto Annette Funicello in the front of the park. "I heard what happened."

"I can't talk," I told her.

"Look, I know you're upset about what happened..."

I stopped. "Tami, I'm not mad. I'm not upset. I just can't talk. I'm grounded from all human contact. Mom was nice enough to let me take a walk." I gave her a small smile and continued down Annette. She went back the way she came.

Tami was sitting on my porch as I came around again. She got up and fell into step with me.

"Tami, I..."

"Your mom said I could walk with you and we could talk. She also said you couldn't enjoy yourself, but I'm not sure what she meant."

"No physical contact."

"Like that's going to happen," she said with a laugh. They say you really told Parker and Reed off."

"Not Mr. Reed, he's not so bad. And not much Mr. Parker. I just said he'd never had a love life."

"And never will," Tami added.

I grinned. I always felt better just talking to Tami. "At least he can fantasize about the cheerleaders and the girl's basketball team."

"You think he does?"

"I would, if I was him."

"You do anyway."

I grinned again. "Of course. Have you seen the way her skirt flips up and down when Allie's cheering?"

"Anyway, you missed an interesting day."

"What happened?"

"Mr. Calloway and Ricky came to help Mr. Hallowell with try-outs."

"Fuck! I forgot about try-outs. I won't make the team."

"Oh."

Now I was having second thoughts about Mom's question of whether it was worth it. By the time we passed my house again, I'd decided it still was.

"Did Robbie try out?"

"Yeah. I watched. She made the team."

"How?"

"They picked six today, and will pick the second six tomorrow. Mr. Calloway said that will make the ones who are left try harder tomorrow."

"You talked to him?"

"He came over to talk to me after try-outs. He said he missed having you there. He also said you were right about Robbie being a natural."

"Good." I was happy for Robbie. I could go to the games and cheer her on.

"He had a message for you." Tami grinned. "He said learning to control your temper is as important as learning to hit a curveball."

"I didn't lose my... well, not much."

Tami kept grinning.

"Robbie had a long talk with Mr. Hallowell after practice, then her dad drove us home."

"What about?"

Tami shrugged.

We were in front of my house again. "I'd better go in, or I won't get out again till I graduate." I started to toss off a wave, then reached forward and pulled Tami into a hug. "Thanks," I whispered. "You helped."

"As long as you didn't enjoy yourself."

Tami became my life-line. Every night, Mom would let me out for a walk about seven, and every night Tami was waiting. She kept me sane during my long captivity. Damn, now I'm starting to sound like the Count of Monte Cristo, or the Man in the Iron Mask.

She'd bring me homework and take what I'd done back to school. Technically, I wasn't supposed to have homework. Any assignments that were due during a suspension were supposed to be failures or incompletes, but she'd bring back my assignments and they'd be corrected though the number grade at the top was missing.

And she kept me up with the latest at school. Tabitha had a boyfriend. Carl Hunter. I knew who he was, but didn't know him. Mentally I wished him luck. Allie was going out with a freshman on the high school baseball team.

Our baseball team, she said was a joke. Mr. Hallowell was trying, but didn't have a clue. And, unfortunately, this year there was no Ricky to help him.

Friday of my first week, I was mowing the park's front lawn. Mom had volunteered me to the manager, Mrs. Timmers. She'd also volunteered that I'd use a power mower instead of the park's riding mower.

I'd just finished and was sitting, taking a breather, when the school bus came by. I waved to the group as a whole, then watched as they splintered and went their separate ways. Mikee and Kelly rushed by, obviously trying not to catch my eye. Tami gave me a smile and a wave, but headed home. She knew that I didn't want to break my mom's rules and risk my walks.

Alana and Paula weren't on the bus, but they rarely were anymore. But Kenny was.

"So Mr. Goody-Goody isn't so high and mighty anymore."

"Hi, Kenny," I said as pleasantly as I could.

"I guess being a football hero wasn't enough to keep you from getting busted."

"I guess not."

"They say Mr. Parker's going to be watching you like a hawk. One foot out of line and you'll be gone for good."

"It'll give Parker something to do," I agreed. I figured being pleasant and agreeing would drive him nuts.

"Like a hawk," he repeated.

I smiled.

"Or maybe, like an owl."

I stopped smiling. Then I smiled again. "You know Kenny. I'm in more trouble now than I've ever been in before. I'm in so much trouble, that breaking somebody's jaw couldn't make it worse.

Kenny took three steps back. "You and what army?"

What were we, in second grade? I shrugged.

"You wouldn't."

"Probably not," I agreed.

Kenny started to walk away, then changed his mind. "Maybe now that you're the punk and I'm the good kid, Tami will get friendly with me."

I imagined Kenny's intestines after I'd trimmed them up with the power mower. Then I had a better idea. "Maybe," I agreed.

Kenny looked stunned.

"By the way, good kid." I started pushing the mower toward the storage shed where it was kept. "The word is, the sheriff is bringing the drug dogs thru the school tomorrow." Kenny went white. I'd made it up, but maybe I could call the sheriff and suggest it.

The next week was spring vacation. Tuesday I'd been loaned out to Mrs. Timmers again and was painting the fence that runs along Patty Duke Way. Traci ran up. "Mom wants you home."

"What for?"

"She didn't say." I could tell from her grin that Traci knew more than she was telling, but let it go. I cleaned my brushes and put everything away as fast as I could.

"Took you long enough," was all that Mom had to say when I got home.

"I had to clean up. I couldn't just leave everything out."

Mom nodded. "Get in the car."

"What for?" I asked casually.

"Aren't you in enough trouble without making me repeat myself?" I headed for the car. I saw Traci looking around a corner, but I guess I couldn't fault her for watching her big brother get his.

I got in the car and put my seatbelt on and waited.

Mom came out about seven minutes later. Having more than one brain cell, I didn't say a word. Mom started the car and we drove to the school.

"What are... ?" A look from Mom and the question died.

She pulled around to the back of the campus and stopped next to the baseball field. "You work for her," she said pointing. "And I'd better not hear any complaints." I followed Mom's finger. Robbie was standing in between the parking area and the field. "I'll be back at five. Be ready."

I took that as dismissal and got out of the car.

Mom pulled away, pulled a u-turn, and came back. "Your stuff." In the back of the car, behind the passenger seat, was my baseball bag. I took it out of the car, and Mom pulled away again.

I walked over to Robbie, then noticed about a dozen kids in the dugout. "Mom said I work for you. What do you want me to do?"

"Coach us."

"What? I can't."

"Why not? I hear Ricky coached the team last year."

"That was different. He was an eighth grader."

"So are you, doofus."

"I can't coach."

"Ricky and his dad say you can."

"Coach Calloway?"

"Yeah, he said you can do it."

"But, I can't," I said for the third time.

"Listen slick. Your mom said you worked for me, and I'm telling you to coach."

"But... what about Mr. Hallowell?"

"Mr. Hallowell would really appreciate it," said a new voice from behind me. I turned and saw the teacher standing there. "Miss Tate, would you join the others?" he asked before looking at me.

Mr. Hallowell went down to one knee so that we were eye to eye. "Mr. Sims, I'd like to tell you something that no teacher likes to admit to a student. Hell, no adult likes to admit to a kid. I'm in over my head. I've always liked baseball, and I watch a lot of it. When this job came up, I thought that was enough to make me a coach. It isn't. Last year I was too busy pretending that I was the coach and ignoring what Ricky Calloway was doing to actually learn anything. I'd like to change that."

"But, me? Coach?"

"Richard Calloway says you can."

"But I'm suspended."

"I know. And I must say I resent the fact you decided to get yourself suspended just when our season was starting."

'I didn't plan to get myself suspended, ' I thought.

"The rules say a suspended student can't play on a team. It doesn't say anything about coaching."

"Actually, I think they say participate in..."

"Do you want to play baseball, or do you want to show off how smart you are?" Robbie's voice came from behind me.

"Miss Tate, I thought I told you to get to the dugout."

"He didn't," she said. "Besides, I figured you might need help corralling him."

I grinned. "Get to the dugout,"

"Are you saying that as Tony or as the coach?"

"Get to the dugout now!" I barked.

"Yes sir," she said without even a hint of respect and trotted toward the dugout.

"Thank you, Mr. Sims. Then you'll help?"

I nodded. "But call me Tony. Baseball teams can't be that formal," I said as we followed Robbie.

"Should you call me Mark?"

"Only if I wanted to get suspended again."

"Have I mentioned you're the best mom ever?" I asked loudly as I came home.

"Not lately."

"In the history of moms, no one else even comes close."

"You're just saying that because you get to play baseball."

"I'm just saying that because I'm in love with the truth."

"What about me?" Dad asked.

"Did you know about the practice this afternoon?"

He shook his head.

"You're just mediocre then, but I love you."

"I take it you had fun then?" Mom asked.

"No ma'am. Zero fun. I'm being punished, you know."

"So much for being in love with the truth," Dad muttered from his chair.

"Okay, gentlemen and lady. No team I've coached has ever lost a game. You're not going to be the first."

"Isn't this the first game of the first team you've coached?" Robbie asked with a grin.

"Alex, if she talks again, sit on her."

Alex grinned, looking like he loved the idea. Alex was my first baseman. At just a hair under six feet and two hundred and ten pounds, he was the biggest kid in the school. If he sat on her, she'd stay sat on.

Robbie stuck her tongue out at me. Like a good coach, I ignored her.

"You've worked hard the last two weeks, now just play some ball."

We'd lucked out with our schedule. Actually, I'd lucked out with our schedule. Our first two games were away. Today we were at Central Washington Academy; then Saturday we played at Walker Middle school. Next week we had a home game on Wednesday, but my suspension was up on Tuesday.

"When the announcer calls your name, let's try to look like a baseball team."

"While you hide in the dugout, trying to be invisible,"

"While I hide in the dugout, trying to be invisible," I agreed.

"Should I sit on her now, Coach?"

"Okay, gentlemen and lady. We're one and O. Not bad. But Central Washington was a cake walk, and you only beat them by four. Walker's going to be tougher."

"Can I say something?" Robbie asked raising her hand.

"I think you should know that Brian won the lottery."

"What lottery?"

I smiled, "He gets to gag you if you get uppity."

"Uppity?"

"Uppity."

Robbie stood up and looked down the bench at Brian. "He's kinda cute. That might be fun."

I shook my head. "Go!" I shouted, pointing at the field. The team charged out for their infield practice. Mr. Hallowell shrugged, grabbed a bat and a couple of balls, and followed them.

I found a spot on the bench to watch.

"Pretty inspirational speech, Coach."

"I..." I looked at the side of the dugout where Mr. Reed was looking in. "Mr. Reed! I'm just watching. I'm not going to play or anything."

"Relax, Mr. Sims. I know you've been helping Mr. Hallowell with the team."

"I..."

"It may violate the letter of the rules about suspensions, but I don't think it violates the spirit. After all, it's all about learning to behave. Have you been behaving Mr. Sims?"

"Uh, yes sir." I considered adding that I knew how to behave before I got suspended too.

"You've been helping your fellow students. You've been supporting your school. Mark Hallowell says you've been a great help to him. Your teachers say that you're pulling at least a B in all your classes, which is pretty amazing considering all the work you've missed." I noticed the extra emphasis on missed. "And your mom says the trailer park has never looked better. All in all, a pretty successful suspension."

"Uh, yes sir." I hadn't known that Mom talked to him.

"The question of the day is, have you learned anything from it?"

"I'm not sure," I admitted.

"I take it, respecting Mr. Parker is not an option?"

"It's always an option. Anyone can earn my respect." I put the same emphasis on earn as he had on missed.

"Ummm. But you'll show Mr. Parker's office and authority the respect it deserves?"

"I always have. Well, almost always."

"Mr. Hallowell mentioned that it would be easier if you were on the field coaching third base when we're at bat instead of hiding in the dugout. I don't think that would be a problem. You'd have to be in uniform of course."

"I don't have one." I was wearing jeans and a t-shirt.

"There you go, lying to the principal. It's in the equipment bag."

"I..."

"And since you've learned all your going to learn from being suspended, I think you've had enough vacation. No more laying around watching soap operas, I'll expect you in school Monday morning."

"Yes sir."

"And Mr. Sims? Unless he asks, I don't think it's necessary to mention to Mr. Parker that you've been hanging out with the baseball team."

"Yes sir," I said with a grin.

"Don't you think you'd better change?"

"Sorry sir, I'll never change. But I'd better get dressed.