Nikky's Confession
by Msia Exhibitionist©

Dearest,

Honey. I have to tell... to confess to you this... I wanted to tell you face to 
face, but you were out too fast this morning.

First of all, don't blame yourself after finished reading this. It is not my 
purpose to upset you with this. While reading this, I want to always remember 
you are the one I love.

Last weekend, you worked both Saturday and Sunday, just like the week before. I 
knew you were being responsible in your job. I supposed you have forgotten about 
our date with your friend John and his girlfriend to play tennis. I went. 
Because John called me twice insisted me to go saying that his girlfriend wanted 
to know me. So, I went.

I know. John is bad. You have told me many times, and I have seen how he behaved in several occasions. But I thought this time his girl friend will be around, it would be OK for me.

That was a nice day to play tennis, except it was a bit warm later. I wore the 
tennis skirt and mini top you brought me. Don't worry; I wore my panties and 
bra, the 'naked underneath' only happened when you are around, and not anybody 
else.

We started playing pretty well. John was well behaved too. But not until 
later... I found John kept checking me out ... my boobs and my ass.

I was a bit embarrassed at the beginning. But later, I began to enjoy it. During 
the lunch, I purposely leaned forward many times to let him have a better view 
of my cleavage. It was very exciting... to let him watch my boobs, to let him 
watch the boobs that you love to squeeze, hold, lick, bite and fuck! To be 
honors, I pulled down my top to reveal more when his girlfriend was not paying 
attention. I felt so naughty and sexy doing it!

John was really bad! He then openly commented how nice my boobs looked and he 
was jealous because you are the one can touch them not him. I was so 
embarrassed. To my surprise, his girlfriend did not upset about it. She even 
asked me to join her to take off our bra so that John will have two pairs of 
braless boobs hanging in front of him during our lunch.

I hope you are not upset.... I did as told. We went to the toilet and we removed 
our bra in no time and back to John. My boobs were bouncing under the tight tops 
and my nipple, erect nipples were outlined. While walking from the toilet back 
to our table, several men stared at our boobs... I was pretty excited and wet!

Back to my seat, I was too embarrassed to look at John. He kept praising both of 
us. His girlfriend asked me to relax and kept telling me that man just like to 
watch, it's harmless. I guessed so. She later asked whether she could touch my 
boobs. She said actually John was the one wanted to feel my boobs, but thinking 
that I may upset. So she would feel my boobs on behalf of him.

I was shocked. But then I said yes! She slowly cupped and squeezed my boobs 
softly. It was so erotic, to let a lady to touch me in the middle of a restaurant, in front of her boyfriend and also a friend yours!

My nipples erected further under her caress. Later she went underneath my tops 
and stroked my boobs directly. I found a few people noticed us, but I was too 
weak to stop her... to excited and did not want to let go!

I still did not gather enough courage to look at John.

His girlfriend eventually stopped playing at my boobs. Before she retreated her 
hand, she pulled my tops down to reveal more of my boobs. I saw my nipples... 
rock hard like bullets. Can you imagine how it feels like having such erect hard 
nipples under a flimsy tops in the middle of the restaurant? I felt so exposed 
and so 'naked'.

Then his girlfriend started to play with her own boobs and let John watch. I 
went back to my lunch and pretended eating.

Suddenly, John touched my thighs under the table. I almost chocked by the 
surprise. Her girlfriend was interrupted a while but quickly went back to her 
job and did not notice us.

He went fast to my crotch and stroked my pussy. I was wearing my panties, but it 
was too soft and thin to conceal any details of my pussy to his touch. Slowly, 
he gained more access down to my softest spot of my sex. He must have noticed 
how wet I became. He sniffed his finger several times that stained with my 
juice. Later he even picked up his food with his fingers after poking at my wet 
pussy, and he licked them. He was really bad, really naughty.

I am sorry honey. I knew I should not be doing it; Letting John to watch my 
boobs, taking off my bra in a restaurant, let his girlfriend to touch my boobs 
and worst; let John feel my pussy! But it happened so naturally at that moment.

I am sorry. I want you to know that you are the one I love. Regardless of what I 
did...

I went home quickly after the lunch and I... I touched myself until I came.

I sent you several SMS asking you to come home ASAP, but you did not reply and 
you did not come home as I wished.

I slept for the whole afternoon... naked... with my curtain and windows all 
opened, just like when I touched myself to orgasm earlier. A strange thought 
came into my mind... I hope someone opposite will notice me... and watch me...

I woke up after 3 hours of sleep and you told me you wouldn't be back until 
evening. I know you must be very busy.

I took a light dinner and soon found myself wet again. Honey, I really missed 
you... and needed you.

It was satisfying to touch myself but I decided I should stop and wait for you. 
But I can't control myself. I found myself kept grinding my pussy onto the 
leather sofa almost 'unconsciously'. I striped naked... completely in the guest 
room with the curtain wide opened. Just hope someone opposite may peep into our 
house and find me 'interesting'.

I must be processed... Many naughty thoughts came into my mind.

I know I have to stop and wait for you. So I decided to really put a stop to my 
wild behavior.

But I failed to stop.

I went to you drawer that you keep all your 'stuff'. I know you told me not to 
'disturb' your drawer. But I have been checking out you drawer because you never 
lock them. Or you purposely let them unlocked and so that I would curious? I 
took out the latex mini dress, the fench net design; so called fishnet 
'pantyhose', the chain and the handcuff.

Your fence net pantyhose was really wicked! Fence net pantyhose with just the 
net! And to my disappointment, that it was too small. I thought you know my 
measurements. It was too tight and too small... especially at the bottom; the 
net was too tight practically buried into the crack of my swollen pussy and kept 
scratching my clit. I felt like a slut wearing it!

Then again you latex mini dress! Too small also! Too tight on the top and too 
short at the bottom! Never able to cover my pussy no matter how much I pulled 
the hem. My pussy kept showing out below! Luckily I shaved. 

Honey, tell me what's in your mind when are you buy this? Are you thinking of me 
wearing it to do shopping in a mall or bring me to some kind of 'party' to 
showoff to your perverted friends? Promise me that you wouldn't leave me alone 
to face your friends if one day I really wear them. OK?

I still sent you messages, hoping that you come home soon.

My hands became restless again and began to finger my pussy 'restrained' under 
the fishnet again. My juice soaked the fishnet, spread all over my crotch and 
stained the sofa as well. The room was filled with the smell of my sex!

Then finally you reply, 'packing now, bak in 30 mins...'

I knew the time has come. I connected the chain to the iron grill of the sliding 
door, then without second thought I handcuffed myself to the chain. So, you 
would definitely find your horny, wicked handcuffed slut the moment you come 
home. How's that?

I lay on my back. The hem barely covered my crotch. The more I move, the more 
the hem rose up my tummy, revealing more and more of my pussy. But my hands were already cuffed. I was helpless about it. I guessed I just have to leave it 
showing and I thought you wouldn't mind.

It was a long wait. Finally I heard sound of our door opening. I quickly closed 
my eyes and pretended like sleeping. You did take a long time to open the door 
this time. Why? Were you excited too?

You finally opened the door and found me! You found me sleeping on the sofa, 
knee folded and my hem just laying on my tummy, my hands rose over my head, 
cuffed and chained to the iron grill, my boobs hardly contained inside your 
favorite latex mini dress. 

My heart pumped like horse, and my whole body was on fire!

You kept quiet and I heard you walked away instead of coming strait to me. I 
wondered why.

You were back. I kept pretending.

You slowly lifted up my head and you blindfolded me. I instantly have a leak 
thinking what would come next.

You kissed my neck, slowly down my chest. Your tongue slipped under my dress to 
lick my erect nipple. Then you squeezed my boobs real hard. You never squeeze 
that hard before. The sensations were almost more like pain than pleasure. Then 
you shifted your attention downward, quickly passing my tummy and reached my 
crotch.

I was still pretending like sleeping. But I spread my thighs to reveal my pussy 
and my lower body that contained in the fishnet pantyhose.

I knew you like the smell of my juice. You kept sniffing around my crotch, my 
pussy and even my anus to catch every scent of my sex. I can't help but to 
spread my thighs wider and wider to treat you with the sleazy scent of my horny 
pussy. You climbed up the sofa and you pushed my knees up high into the air. My 
pussy opened completely before you face. Meanwhile, the tight fishnet buried 
further into my pussy crack.

You started to lick.

Yeah! You finally do your favorite. You licked everywhere; the puffy swollen 
lips of mine, the slippery opening of my love tunnel, the small lump of my inner 
lips and my anus. Do you think 'cunt' is the better word instead of the lame 
'pussy' in describing my sex at that moment?

You found your new love? You seemed to be spending more effort licking my anus 
this time. You made my whole body tensed up when you poke you tip of you tongue into my anus. You really made me felt like a slut! How would a decent girl let a man lick and poke her anus, while allowing his fingers to enter deep into her 
vagina? Will you still love me if I am such a slut?

You finally released your monster that been hiding quietly under your pants.

You pushed my knees up high again and without warning, you torn the fishnet 
around my pussy and you inserted your monster cock deep into me in one powerful 
thrust. Honey, you must be hungry for some time, you cock felt so big and thick 
inside me!

You retreated and then you thrust again, without mercy! Then again... again and 
again... I started to moan loud but you covered my mouth tight. The way you 
cover my mouth and fucking my pussy sent me to a new height of ecstasy, you 
know... like being... captured and forced...

I came soon after that. I am not sure you noticed it. You kept thrusting my 
slippery hole. Perhaps you were too hungry!

Effortlessly you flipped me over on all four, and then you pushed my chest onto 
the sofa. Forcing my ass to open wide before your monster cock. Leaving you with 
2 slippery options. 

I was scared, Honey. My anus was still virgin! And you cock felt so big even 
inside my pussy. Can I take it up in my tight virgin ass hole?

I was a bit relief yet disappointed when you fuck my pussy again instead of my 
'willing anal'! Honey, you were really hungry.

You cock grew really big that night. I never felt that kind of fullness before. 
They way you fuck me from behind was so animally. What has brought out the devil inside you honey? Was it really the latex mini dress and fishnet pantyhose? Or 
it was just me? 

Yet you did not come after countless deep pumping into my pussy!

You pulled out completely. Then you wet your fingers with my juice and lubricate 
my other hole!

'Ohhh, honey,' I was panic knowing what coming next.

Honey, yes. I knew very well that you were actually had a delay and only came 
home 3 hours after your reply. But, what I told you so far was true, so as the 
following. Please read on...

What shocked me further was your... rather his reply.

'Keep quiet or I break you neck.' He threatened me.

All the while I thought it was you, but apparently it was someone else!

My body jumped in shock but his strong arms held me firmly below him. And his 
monster cock began to poke at my anus.

I tried to break free but he was just too strong. Further more, I was handcuffed.

Very soon, his monster broke through my first barrier.

Surprisingly, I did not feel extreme pain. Yes, it was painful but bearable.

He kept pushing forward bit-by-bit and kept scolding me with dirty language.

He pulled my perineum apart to allow more entrance for his monster. My whole 
body was experiencing mixed of pain and pleasure. The more he scolded me with 
his dirty language the more I get excited.

I began to push backward to receive his monster cock. He noticed it and he 
pumped even harder. We both moaned loud and deep. His every deep thrust was well received by my tight slippery hole. In and out, in and out, in and out... He 
pulled my hair and my shoulder as if he was riding a horse... still in and 
out... in and out... I was in heaven...

He eventually cum inside my hole. I did not remember how many loads of cum he 
shot inside my ass. But he did not stop pumping immediately. He kept fucking my 
ass like a fucking machine! His cum lubricate my hole even more and his cock 
went even deeper inside me. I could felt the every single move of his cock that 
deep inside me. After a few more forceful thrusts, I finally came and I 
collapsed onto the sofa. He collapsed onto my back too and his monster cock went 
all the way into me! The monster was buried inside me for another few minutes 
before he pulled out from my almost torn ass hole.

'Do you like it, bitch?' He asked.

'Yes. I like it... I like your monster.' I replied.

'Good. Next time see if you like it deep in your throat.' He spanked me hard at 
my ass before going to the toilet.

Before he left, he unlocked me and told me to be prepared next week, and he 
might invite some friends... I told him where I keep my keys...

Honey, I am sorry. I know what I did was totally wrong... But you have to 
understand that it was beyond me... sometime...

Just let me tell you again that YOU are still the only one I loved.

I hope you would read this message real soon in between you busy jobs. Because 
it is now late afternoon, and I already tried out you nun latex suit. It was so 
wicked! What were you imagining when you buy this nun suit?

I am so excited now. Honey, please come home immediately after reading this 
message, because I don't know what would happened if he come in first and see a 
'nun' handcuffed and a didlo buried deep inside her... cunt... Please come home 
immediately... I am pretending a nun to night... and he did say he might bring 
friends... oh god...

Honey... Please come home soon.

Love,

Nikky

***************************






