"Lady Alice!"

Alice suppresses a sigh and pauses in the corridor. She'd been hoping to have a little time to herself today. To think about... Mally's suggestion. Being so near the Hatter all afternoon during the Hedgehog Chase and yet not trying to persuade him to flout the Rules of Courtship had been... trying.

And she is trying. So, really, how could she have expected her new resolve to be easy maintain?

Still, the scent of him – his very presence – had left her wanting... wanting him. But Alice knows she cannot have him – not yet! – and she must not tempt him!

Be strong, Alice. Didn't you once slay a Jabberwocky?

Why, yes, she had. Resisting her... urges should be easier than pouring a cup of tea by comparison.

They aren't.

With dinner finished and a hot bath waiting for her in her rooms there is no reason for her to not think about the Hatter – Damn it all! Tarrant! –and his hands undressing her as she prepares for her bath, his lips kissing her neck and shoulders as he gently piles her hair atop her head and pins it in place with deft flicks of his fingers (fingers which had so carefully and nimbly freed the ribbon from around the hedgehog's neck only a few hours ago), his voice – low and trembling with desire – as he whispers to her...

"Lady Alice?"

With a slight shake of her head, Alice forces herself to focus. If she can just get rid of—

"Oh, Sir Geoffrey, I apologize. I feel a little..." Hot, impatient, aching. "Distracted this evening."

"That is perfectly understandable, my lady," the man replies with a friendly smile. "Congratulations on winning the Queen's Favor."

"Thank you," she manages to cough out, feeling inexplicably guilty about it. The Queen had said that the hedgehog would give the Favor to whomever she wished, so just because Alice had deduced her hiding place hadn't necessarily meant that she would receive it... so it hadn't been cheating. Not really.

"I imagine you're quite caught up in what it will be, just as everyone else is."

Alice blinks. "Are what?"

"Are caught up in speculation, of course! We're all dying to know what it is the Queen thinks you require more than anything in the world!"

Honestly, Alice hadn't given it a single thought. That bath,on the other hand... And, speaking of hands...

She glances down at her own and wonders... can she do what she's contemplating? Can she give herself pleasure and relieve the Hatter – Argh! Tarrant, Alice! Call him by his given name! – of the unfair expectations she has been placing on him?

"There's no need to be bashful, Lady Alice," Geoffrey says, startling her. She had completely forgotten the man was still standing there!

Alice clears her throat. Smiles. Begins mentally composing her excuse to leave.

Perhaps sensing this, the courtier hurries to say, "I was wondering if you might join us for an afternoon event to-morrow?"

"Another Courting event?" she asks.

"Well, Lady Philomena is arranging it, rather than the Queen..."

"Ah," Alice says, not because she really understands the significance but because he seems to be expecting some sort of response.

"Will you be attending?"

"I..."

"No, she won't," a third person interjects. Alice turns at the sound of the Hatter's voice and stares as he storms down the hall toward them. His eyes flash yellow as he approaches, entrancing Alice with his rage and grace and...

What must that taste like?

Would she taste the hint of charcoal on his tongue, perhaps? Does his anger burn hot enough to scorch him from the inside out?

She shivers.

"Lady Alice and I have an appointment to-morrow," the Hatter continues, stopping beside Alice, positioning himself between her and Sir Geoffrey. "We've a Lock and a pair of Rooms that require our attention." And then he grins. It is sharp and full of teeth and his possessive tone and confrontational stance finally register in her brain and...

Before Sir Geoffrey can open his mouth and guarantee himself a very personal introduction with the Hatter's Madness, Alice interjects, "I beg your pardon but I was unaware that we had made plans, Mister Hightopp."

For a moment, no one moves.

And then the Hatter jerks a step back and pivots sharply to face Alice just as Sir Geoffrey's shoulders straighten and his chest puffs up with self-importance.

"Alice...?" the Hatter inquires softly, all traces of his temper gone. Vanished. Chased away by what looks like fear in his yellow-green eyes. "The Locksmith came by this morning. The Lock is ready; installed and—"

"It can wait, can't it?" she asks without really asking at all. Damn him for treating her like she belongs to him. Like her preferences must, naturally, be the same as his. Like she wants this Courtship the same way he does. Damn it all, she has come to expect more consideration from him! After his generosity in the library, she had thought...!

Well, she must have thought... wrong.

"I shall consult my schedule and let you know if I am free to-morrow," she informs them both. "Sir Geoffrey, Mister Hightopp, have a pleasant evening."

She storms away, for once glad that she had dressed in a suitable gown for dinner. Gowns are quite necessary for things like dramatic marching and expressive corner-turning and such. Her indulgence in her temper does not soothe her, though. It rankles her that she had actually – and automatically – bid the two of them a good evening when she is sure that her own has been irreparably ruined.

Yes, there will be a bath, but there will be no imagined Hatter kisses or Hatter hands or Hatter scents, she decides. She is far too angry to still Want him!

Well, she's too angry to want him Right Now.

Probably.

Oh, bugger it, Alice thinks, slamming into her room and startling the attending fish butler who swiftly excuses himself, forgetting to add the lavender bath salts on his tray to the steaming water in the tub. Alice doesn't bother to call him back. With jerky motions, she unlaces her dress and although she intends to keep her mind off of him, he wanders into it uninvited.

Despite her frustration and disappointment, she can't not imagine him there, easing the garment from her shoulders, breathing softly against her neck.

Damnation, she still wants him.

"Very well then," she murmurs. "You can stay."

She imagines his lips press against her jaw in the shape of a smile.

"But I won't let you dictate my schedule, Hatter."

His hands – imaginary though they are – pull her shrift up her body slowly, carefully, seductively.

"Go ahead and try to persuade me to change my mind. I won't," she warns the figment of her imagination.

She helps him pin her hair up, accepts his hand as she climbs into the tub then pulls it beneath the water. "Try," she whispers, imagining it is not her hand that slides from her knee, up the inside of her thigh, to the flesh between her legs. She has never touched herself here before and it feels strange to her.

"Try," she reminds herself, investigating this place on and in her body that she has been taught does not belong to her: it belongs to her husband, whoever that man will one day be. But she does not need a husband. This is her body. She will touch herself if that is what she wants.

She tries.

She closes her eyes, imagines herself on that hilltop again.

And, when the bathwater is cool and her hair still not washed and her attempts at pleasing herself utterly unpalatable to contemplate continuing, Alice sighs out a frustrated breath and glares at the ceiling.

Damn him for making her Want.

Damn him for ruining her for her own touch.

Damn him for turning into such a... a... Male!

Her fury builds, fuels her limbs and intentions. She gives up on any sort of bodily pleasure tonight. She washes her hair, dries herself off, and with a dressing gown wrapped around her shoulders, Alice seats herself at her writing desk.

She composes two notes.

She asks the Hatter if he will be free the day after tomorrow to discuss when they might address the next phase of their Courtship.

And then she writes Sir Geoffrey and tells him she'll see him at Lady Philomena's event tomorrow afternoon.

She sends them off with a frog footman – Chessur's approval be damned! – and then sinks down onto her bed and stares at her hands.

She does not want to spend tomorrow away from the Hatter. But she cannot allow him to control her, either. She does not need a man in her life dictating what she may and may not do and when she will do it!

Although... she silently fears that her failure to pleasure herself is evidence that she does need him. She needs him very much. Too much.

A day apart will benefit them both, she tells herself. She needs time to think, to come to her senses, to not need him.

Yes, the day after tomorrow, they will sort this out. She will explain why she will not tolerate the sort of behavior he had displayed this evening with Sir Geoffrey. The Hatter will understand. He will apologize. Things will be normal again.

Yes, everything will be fine. It will be as it should be.

*~*~*~

"Good show, Tarrant. And here I was sure you wouldn't be able to surpass your previously recorded high for idiocy," Chessur purrs, materializing in the corridor as Tarrant watches his Intended flounce off. Sir Geoffrey had looked as if he might go after her, but a growl and a raised hand pressed to the man's chest had resulted in his very satisfyingly hasty retreat.

Unfortunately, the same technique does not work on Evaporating Cats.

He considers barking at Chessur to go away but, honestly, he does not trust himself to speak. Even Dog Speak. Snarling, he turns on his heel and marches back to his own room. He does not go to his workshop despite the delayed orders he ought to be completing. He goes to his apartment in the castle, where he knows Chessur will give him privacy, and curses himself very loudly and at length.

Why hadn't he listened to Alice when – on that hilltop, flushed with passion and panting with Want – she had asked about elopement? Why hadn't he agreed to that? If he had, they would be wed now and he would have spent the last nearly-two weeks in her bed with her arms around him and her lips clinging to his – and when they weren't clinging to his, perhaps he might have inspired her to call out his name, his Given Name! – and he would have filled his lungs with her scent as he filled her body with his aching sex and she would have wrapped her legs around his hips and asked for More. Harder. Faster. Please!

He remembers the expression of bliss on her face as she had bitten into her very first squimberry. He recalls the feel of her body beneath his as he'd pressed her to the blueberry-scattered ground. Her thigh had been so warm and smooth and perfect beneath his hand and his hips had fit just so against hers and he'd known from that moment onward that she is meant to be his! Will be his!

He imagines her hair dark with sweat at her temples, her eyes closed in that shocking bliss of a sensation so unexpectedly Wonderful it is nearly painful to experience, her hands in his hair pulling him closer, her lips parting and her tongue invading his mouth as he moves inside her...

"I want you," she might say.

Or perhaps, "I need you."

Dare he hope: "I love you... Tarrant."

"Ahhh!" he gasps, his chest heaving and breaths searing his throat with the speed at which they are expelled and then drawn. He frowns, shakes his head, looks down and...

No. No, he had not just... just...

But he had. Tarrant cannot ignore the fact that his trousers are very much open and his sex is in his hand – his hand which is very, very messy with the evidence of his release.

Oh, Underland. Dearly and utterly mad Underland... He had just...

Tarrant fairly races into the washroom to rinse off the evidence that he had... he had...

He had lost control. Completely. The Madness had taken him, shoved him into a heady fantasy of past and possibility. He had not even realized that he'd torn through the buttons of his trousers and had touched himself until...

He shudders. He had imagined spending himself inside Alice. He had been completely within his own mind. Had Chessur tried to interrupt him? What would have happened if Alice had decided that she'd like to say a few more things to him and had knocked on his door, entered when she hadn't been told to go away? Would he have woken from the Madness then? Or would it have already been too late? Or, most frightening of all, would the Madness have blurred reality so badly that he would have reached for her, pushed her to the floor, and taken her like the ravening beast he had so feared becoming that day in the orchard when he'd witnessed her consumption of that damned pear.

Why had he offered her that blasted fruit? Why?

He washes himself thoroughly. His hands are not exempt from the treatment, either. He rolls up his sleeves with his soapy hands and scrubs at his arms, his elbows...

It's not enough, but it will have to do. He does not want to risk shedding any clothes. Not at the moment. Not with this terrifying possibility pressing so heavily on his mind.

He is still standing in the washroom, leaning over the basin. The water within it is murky – the soap bubbles have long since popped out of existence – and cold. Tarrant stares into the mirror, into his own eyes. The left one is green. Green – a very nice, rational color. The other... He contemplates the subtle, red ring around the iris of his right eye. He hates that hint of madness. It is always with him. Most of the time he does his best to ignore it, to not encourage it.

He cannot afford to avoid confronting it any longer. He wants Alice; he will never be able to simply stand by as another man tries to woo her away from him. But he fears that he wants her... too much.

Perhaps minutes pass. Or hours. He's rather sure he does not spend all night staring at his reflection, trying to banish that ring of red madness from his eye, when a knock interrupts him, startles him.

He takes a deep breath, checks to make sure he is decent, and answers the summons at the door. A frog footman croaks, "From Lady Alice, sir."

Tarrant takes the offered missive and nods his thanks. He suspects, were he to speak, his voice would sound very much like the frog's.

He sits down in the armchair by the hearth and the table overflowing with his small collection of favorite books, and – taking a deep breath – opens his Intended's letter.

Dear Mister Hightopp,

As promised, I am appraising you of my schedule at my earliest convenience. 

If you are agreeable, I would be able to meet with you the day after tomorrow for afternoon tea to discuss our Courtship. At that time, I will ask for a frank discussion of the practice we are currently undertaking. Your honesty would be greatly appreciated.

I look forward to your reply.

Sincerely,

Alice Kingsleigh

Tarrant stares at the words for a very long time.

Within his mind, trains of thoughts collide with each other. Trains he wishes he could somehow lose, derail, send off-track... He thinks of the Madness and what he had just unknowingly done. He thinks of what else he might unknowingly do. He thinks of Alice's anger with him and the distance she had kept between them all day and now this letter, so formal.

Like a curtsy.

He remembers: Alice had curtsied to him after the pear core had fallen from her dripping fingers, just before she'd bounded off. Moments before he would have fallen to his knees at her feet and begged to suck the juice from her fingers...

That disturbing show of formal gratitude – that curtsy – had saved her from a sudden ravishing.

This letter...

He wonders if, had it been delivered sooner, What He Had Done might have been prevented...

But it hadn't. This letter had not prevented the Madness from dragging him into its depths and showing him precisely how he needs Alice, precisely how he would use her. Yes, it has been demonstrated to him quite clearly that he is very capable of Taking her for himself, with no thought to the consequences.

Sitting in the dark, the only light in the room coming from the candles he had lit for the purpose of reading her letter, he shudders. Swallows back a sob.

And then he gently folds up her letter – this nightmare – and tucks it away.