TWINS IN LOVE

CHAPTER 26

    It was about 5 PM now, as I walked up our drive.
I could hear all the girls chattering out at the pool.

    I walked back there and was greeted by Donna with a kiss. 
All of them seemed happy.
I was surprised to see mom sitting there with all of them and gave her a kiss also.

    "Well, did you help my mom?" Donna asked.
"Yeah, hon!"  "She's all set now."

I was a bit weary after the wonderful sex session with Marie and really needed to lay down.

    I knew if I tried to lay on the lounger that the girls would still make a lot of racket or even tease me when mom wasn't around.

    I told them I was going up to lie down for a little while and asked mom to just leave a plate for me to warm up later.

"She wore you out THAT much honey?" Mom sort of sneered.
Uh Oh! Here was the tinge of jealousy again!

    I kissed Donna again as I stood and told her I really needed to lay down for a while.


I passed dad in the parlor on my way upstairs. I'll talk to you later dad, I' m going up to lay down a while. "Sure, Kenny."

"Damn!, I thought. His birthday was only three days away!

Wondering what I could get him filled my mind as I drifted off for a nap.

   I awoke sometime later with Donna lying next to me curling my hair.
Leaning down to kiss me, once she saw me awake.
"Did my mom favor you today honey?"

    I looked at her, still kind of puzzled. "Yes, she really did, honey."
"I wasn't expecting anything like that either."
"Good." she said. " I knew mom would do her duty for you."
    "Now wait a minute honey, I'm not used to this "slave thing" that your mom and sometimes YOU, are into!"
"Kenny honey, both my mom and me love you.

    I really love you now, and I will also do anything for you."
"Mom or me, will be ready for you any time you need us."
"Oh God, Donna honey, all I want is for you to be yourself!" "I thought that all that nightmare shit with your dad was over now!"
  "You don't have to "serve me" or be my slave honey."

    "Kenny honey, it is what mom and me have been trained to do."  "Didn't you notice when mom was in here making love with you that I said nothing?"
"I was also ready to please you if you, if you REQUIRED it of me too, then"

    "I knew mom would be in to please you that night honey."
"As a matter of fact, my mom and me also want to repay your FATHER for all he has made possible for us!"
"We don't want to offend your mother or you though, and would NEVER do anything unless we had YOUR PERMISSION!"

    "You mean that you would do my FATHER TOO?"
 "If that's what you would REQUIRE of us?"
"We also feel the need, Kenny, like I said to repay HIM, also."
"We've just been waiting for YOUR permission."
Holy shit! Was my mind spinning now!

     I was going to offer a complete refusal to her right this second, but then instantly remembered dad's birthday in a few days!
Now, I wondered..?
I wondered if dad would even entertain the idea of having Marie make love with him?
Dad seemed so much in love with mom, I never even considered tat he would cheat or even want another woman!
I wondered if he would like the idea of getting a nice blowjob from Marie at least?
The thought that I would be betraying mom also entered my thoughts, with this idea!

    But now, I formulated an idea. 
"Honey, why not invite your mom down for a swim with us later?"
"It's only about 7, and she might be lonely down there anyway?"

    "Does that mean that you would want her again tonight honey?"
"No, no, honey. She pleased me enough already today." I will be more than happy with just you, honey."
"I just thought that maybe she would enjoy cooling off in the pool?"
"Its been so damn hot lately."
"OK, I'll call her."
   I knew that once  Marie had her two piece on, and looked so damn inviting to ME, that she would have to turn dad's head also.
I needed to see his reaction to her. 
Donna reached over for the phone and called her mother. Invited her down. She would come in about a half hour.
Wonderful!
"Well, we better put our suits on honey, and get ready!
I jumped out of bed and stripped. Donna was still sitting on the bed and watched me.
Her hand reaching for my hanging cock, as she gazed at it. 
 
    "Would you like me to suck you for a while to ease your tensions honey?"
I could see the longing in her eyes, as she cupped my balls in her soft hand.

    Just for a couple minutes honey. I'd like to save my cum for you till later, OK?"
"Oh sure, honey. Sure." I'll just make you feel nice for now.
She smiled and lowered her mouth and sucked me.
My hands were caressing her hair softly as I watched her. Wondering how I could break this  damn servitude thinking in her and her mother once and for all?

    Her loving mouth felt so nice on my cock. I almost hated to stop her!
Of all times, mom knocked on the door and opened it.
There I was, standing  there with my cock in Donna's mouth.

   "Oh, I'm so sorry!" I thought Donna was still downstairs with the girls!"
Donna raised her head and looked at mom. "Well, I was just hoping to pleasure Kenny before we went down for a swim!"

     "Oh, I really am sorry, for barging in like this. Honey."
But, if its any consolation, I just pleasured my husband the same way honey.!

I almost shit!  I would NEVER expect mom to say anything like that to ANYONE!

    She saw the look on my face and gave me a coy smile.
"Well, looks like our men will be BOTH pleasured tonight honey."
"I guess so, Rita!" Donna seemed to smile.

     "Well, then I'll see you both down at the pool. We're going down now, honey."
"OK mom.'
What ELSE could I say to her with my cock sticking straight up, hard as a rock and her seeing Donna sucking me?"
I knew damn well mom did that on purpose for some reason.

    "Oh Kenny, how embarrassing for you!" "Your mother seeing your cock in my mouth?"
"Well, you heard her honey. She just did the same to dad also."
I never expected her to say anything like THAT."

   "We'll finish this later, OK honey?"
"Yeah, sure Kenny, sure."

I did caress her naked tits before she slipped on her two piece bra though.

Mom was in the kitchen warming up the dinner I missed.

    Mom apologized to Donna once again and said the girls were waiting for her out at the pool.
"I need to talk with Kenny for a few minutes honey, OK?"
Sure, Rita. See you later." She went out to join my sisters.

     Mom sat across from me as I ate dinner. 
'THAT was no accident mom." I smiled at her.

"If you could have only seen your face Kenny!" 
"Yes, I knew what she was doing, but there was a reason honey."
"What on earth could be a good reason for interrupting THAT?"

     "Kenny, honey, I  had a crazy idea today, while waiting for all the girls in the doctor's office."
"I wondered what it would be like to have Donna allow me to be there with both of you and also make love with you at the same time?"

"Are you shitting mom?"  "Well, I know that ALL men would like to make love with two women at the same time..even"
"I've always wanted to do it myself Kenny." 
"There has never been a chance like that for your dad and me, and I thought I could make it happen with you and Donna, at least."
"I've always wanted to see what it would be like honey."

      "If I get my signals from Donna right, AS A WOMAN, I think we could get her to go along.that is,  if YOU would like to share me and her at the same time?"

"Oh mom, my head is spinning already."  "Her mother acted like she was MY slave all the time I was there this afternoon, mom!"
"I'll have to tell you about THAT, later!"

"Donna still acts like she's sort of a slave for me also."
"Ive noticed it honey." "I just decided not to say anything."

"I hoped they were both  over that crap by now, but I guess not."

"We need to talk mom. Tonight OK?"
"OK honey, I'll do your dad nice tonight, and you take care of Donna and then tell her I have a problem you and I need to discuss downstairs. "

"Tell her it's private so you can get away."
"Her mom is coming down for a swim in a while." 
"Oh good,  I wanted to know how she's making out with Dan and all the court stuff anyway." She said.
I rose to put my dish in the sink as mom came behind me and caressed my cock with her both hands inside my bathing suit.

"Try to save some cum for me later honey. Pressing her tits into my back."
"Oh mom, once I make love with HER, I usually wind up really empty!"
"We'll work THAT out honey." 
"Now, Let's go out and you can watch my nipples harden in the pool." 

"I, on the other hand will be watching so see this cock getting hard!"
"Damn, mom! '  "How come I never realized how really hot you are all these years?"

    "Master of Deception Degree, my #1 son." 

What a mother! I thought.

    Marie had already arrived and was sitting near dad as we walked out to meet all the rest.
Her light green two piece was really nice. Showing her tits just perfect. Looking closely, I could see her nipples outlined really nice, as well as mom's too!

Damn! I thought. I really made love with this woman today!
Her smile was warm again as I leaned down to kiss her hello.
    I needed to see dad's reaction to her. She was close enough on their chairs for him to really get a good eyeful of her body.
   Mom sat on her other side and began asking about the court problems.
I dove in the pool.

It was Karen that came swimming over to me and whispered that she noticed dad seeming to get a hard on while he was looking at Marie.
She was giggling as she nodded for me to take a good look up at him.

    Sure enough, I noticed that he WAS hard and trying his best to disguise it. Especially with mom sitting right there on the other side of Marie.

     I grabbed Donna and put her on my shoulders and tossed her in the water.
Then I did the same for Cindi. Only with her, I deliberately moved the back of my head so that it would rub her pussy and she would realize it. I felt her immediately rub back.
   I tossed her in the pool also.

Knowing that dad had a hard on looking at Marie, was now half the battle for my idea.

   Now, the three of them finally joined us in the pool for a round of volleyball.
Dad even mentioning how close Donna resembled her mother, now that they were standing next to each other.

   They really did. I mentioned to dad that I thought they were sisters at first!

    After a while, the game was over and we climbed out of the pool. 
I knew Cindi was hurting because her guy, Phil had to stay home and cram for the final test tommorrow.

  I just couldn't find time to get near her alone, damn it! 

We all said we were going up to do some last minute studying ourselves and left the three, mom dad and marie to talk....and dad's mouth water.

I let Karen and Donna go ahead of us upstairs as I reached for Cindi in the living room.
I quickly pulled her to me and hugged her. 
"Oh, damn it Kenny...I'm so fucking horny the past couple days..."
"All these tests and stuff taking up all the time for Phil and me...and YOU always busy with Donna."
I spun her around and reached my hand down her bikini bottom and caressed her pussy. My other hand slipped under her bra and I caressed her hardened nipples. 
"I'll get you off right here honey."
"Feel my cock in back?"
"Oh Yeah, I dooooo."
Her head went back on my shoulder now as I caressed both her tits and slid my hand into her slit. I rubbed around her clit as she began to moan and writhe. Sliding my hand up and down with my fingers working  and massaging her.

It was really the first time I had touched her pussy for this long, and I was hoping Donna or Karen wouldn't be yelling down for us.

Cindi's tits were really growing quickly. They filled my hand and her tender nipples felt nice in my fingers.
"OOOOHHH Kenny, that feels so damn nice...OOOOHHH"

  My whispers in her ear encourageing her to cum....to let go in my hand were working.
Her humping my hand sped up and soon she was moaning. Her arms trying to reach around to hug me. Her chest pushed out hard to urge my hand on her tits.
"OOOOHHH I can't wait til WE fuck Kenny. I'm dying to feel your cock in me like the other girls."

    "Maybe tommorrow at the river honey."
I continued to whisper in her ear and told her how nice her wet pussy felt in my hand as she jerked now and began to cum.
I kissed her neck and pinched her nipples a littel harder through her orgasm and felt my hand collecting her wetness as she came.
Her soft moans.  Slowing down my hand on her pussy as she finally seemed to relax.

I turned her around and kissed her. Her face red, her chest red, but she was smiling up to me.
I slid my hand down the front again and circled her clit as I leaned and kissed her once more. Cupping her pussy and sliding my finger into her tight hole, as she tried to cradle my cock.
"OOOOOHHH Kenny, I'd love to suck you right now." she whispered.

"Tommorrow, honey. I'll try, OK?"
"OK Kenny."  
"Let's get up there before Donna starts to wonder where I am."
"OK."  
Halfway up the stairs, she turned back to me, "Kenny?"

"Yeah hon?"   "Thanks, It felt nice."
I watched her cute ass go the rest of the way up the stairs.





