SORRY IS NOT ENOUGH

BY YOUNGLOVER

Savannah knocked on the door late one Tuesday night. "What do you
want?" I asked with a grumpy tone.

"I just wanted to apologize for what I did" she said. Her face
was bright red with embarrassment and she had a nervous wobble to
her voice.

"And that's supposed to make it alright is it?" I responded.
Savannah eyes filled with water. "Did your Mam and Dad send you?"

Savannah shook her head. "No" she said, "I just wanted to say
sorry because I'm so ashamed of myself." She seemed quite sincere
but I wanted her to be punished. I knew her parents hadn't done
anything but ground her for a weekend but I think stealing
warranted a tougher response.

"And what do I get from a little apology? I've still lost my
property and that's not going to change is it." I was getting
more annoyed but Savannah didn't seem to want to give in.

"I know" she said, "I'll try and save up and get you another
one." She looked down at her feet. "I don't like upsetting people
so I had to come and tell you how sorry I am. Please forgive me.
I'm so sorry and I will never do anything like that again."

"I can't forgive you" I said, "I wanted you punished but all your
parents did was keep you in for a few days. I think you deserved
more than that. Do you?" Savannah nodded but said nothing. She
started to cry and repeated how sorry she was. I was very annoyed
but hated to see such a lovely looking girl get all upset. That
was my soft spot and it was as if Savannah knew it. "I tell you
what" I said after a short pause, during which Savannah tears
rolled down her cheeks and dripped onto her jumper. "We both
think you should have been punished more so if you let me spank
you I'll forgive you and that will be the end of it. What do you
say?"

Savannah looked up at me. "Spank me?" she said.

"Yes" I replied, "If you let me give you the spanking that your
parents failed to administer then we'll pretend the whole thing
never happened." I could see that Savannah was considering the
idea. "As long as you promise never to do anything like that ever
again." I added.

"OK" she said quietly, "If that's what it takes then I'll let you
spank me. Do you want to do it now?" she asked.

I thought for a few seconds. It was getting late and my wife and
the rest of the family would be home soon. "No" I said, "Come
back Saturday morning. I'll have to think about the best way to
do it so you never get tempted to do it again. Do you give me
your word that you will come back Saturday and accept a spanking
however I decide it should be done?"

Savannah nodded, "Yes" she said, "I promise. I just want to be
forgiven."

Savannah left once we had agreed a time. I watched her walk down
the drive and disappear between the trees that lined the avenue.
My wife and family would be away visiting in-laws by 9.30 so we
had agreed that Savannah should come around 10am.

As the week passed I decide that I had a chance to have a little
fun as well as get rid of the frustration that had been building
over the last ten days. I would give Savannah a spanking; not
hard, but it would be one that she would never forget.

By 10am Saturday I was ready. Everybody had left and I was on my
own waiting by the window watching for Savannah. I still wasn't
totally sure that Savannah would turn up but as the clock on the
mantelpiece struck 10am Savannah appeared at the end of the
drive. I watched her walk slowly up to the door. She was wearing
the usual jeans, tee-shirt and jumper. Her training shoes were
well worn. Savannah was very rarely seen without her training
shoes. She disappeared round the side of the porch and my heart
skipped a few beats when the bell rang.

I opened the door and said, "Yes, what can I do for you?"
Savannah looked confused and checked around her before she spoke.

"I've come for my spanking" she said. It felt wonderful to hear
her say that. I hadn't noticed until now that Savannah was a very
good looking girl with a lovely shape to her. I looked up and
down the road. Nobody was there and my house wasn't overlooked at
the front by any other. I stepped back and Savannah walked in.

"Follow me" I said once the door was secure and lead the way down
the hall to the back room. "Sit down on the settee" I said and
Savannah perched her cute little but on the edge of the nearest
cushion. "You gave me your word that you would let me spank you
however I decided was the best way to do it. Do you remember?"

Savannah nodded nervously, "Yes I remember"

"And do you still intend to let me spank you without any
complaints?" I asked.

Savannah nodded again nervously, "Yes I promise. I'm very sorry
for what I did." She started to cry and kept saying she was very
very sorry.

"OK Savannah" I said, "I can tell you are sorry for what you did
so I promise you that I won't spank you too hard. I have a few
ideas that I think will make sure you never do it again but I
won't hurt you." I rubbed one of her tears away. "Shall I tell
you what is going to happen?" Savannah looked up and nodded. She
had stopped crying but tears were still in her eyes. "I'm going
to spank your bottom and your legs to start with and see how it
goes. I'm going to video you getting your punishment and take
some photos throughout. I've decided that I should keep the video
and the photos hidden and if you promise never to do anything
like that wrong again I will promise that nobody but me will ever
see them." Savannah bit her bottom lip.

"I didn't know you would take photos" she said.

"I just want to make sure that you never get into this kind of
trouble anymore" I said, "To be honest, I like you, and I
wouldn't want you to have to go through all this anymore. I
promise nobody will see them and if you promise me that you won't
do anything wrong again I'll believe you'll try your best to be
good from now on. So if that's all sorted I think we should get
started. Don't you?" Savannah paused as if having second thoughts
but nodded eventually.

I walked to the end of the settee and Savannah noticed the video
camera for the first time. It was on a tripod and aimed down at
the at the settee arm. "Now if you would just like to come here
and bend over the arm of the settee here we'll get started."
Savannah watched as I started the video camera then stood back
and waited. Savannah got up, walked to the end of the settee and
laid herself gently over the arm. Her tight jeans refused to hide
the shape of her bum and I could see the line of her panties as
well. I made sure the camera was in focus then walked up close
behind her. "We'll just try six smacks to start with and see how
you go." I placed my hand gently on her butt and let the heat
from her bum radiate through my skin. I raised my hand and
brought it down on her left buttock with a loud smack. It wasn't
a hard smack and it didn't really hurt Savannah. She jumped a
little with the shock but that was about it. I raised my hand
again and brought it down on her right buttock. I left my hand
where it landed and rubbed her bum a little. "Did that hurt?" I
asked as I continued to rub my hand in little circles getting
bigger and bigger until I was rubbing her whole bottom.

Savannah shook her head, "No not really" she said.

"Good" I replied, "We don't want you crying straight away do we?"
Savannah didn't answer. "Move your feet outwards" I said, "We'll
try a few smacks on your legs now." Savannah moved her feet
apart. "Keep going" I said, "A bit more." I kept tell her to move
her feet until her legs were wide apart. I checked the camera to
make sure I was getting a good shot then slipped my hand down her
bum and onto her right leg. I raised my hand again and brought it
down with a smack on the back of her thigh. Her left thigh
received the same smack. Rubbing my hand up and down her legs I
asked her once again if it was hurting. Savannah gave the same
answer as before. My hand left her thigh and smacked down on the
inside of her upper thigh this time. Her other leg received the
same treatment. This time I rubbed her on the inside of her leg
as I asked her if it had hurt. Savannah shook her head again.

I walked to the table behind me and picked up my camera. "Stay
over the arm but look back over your shoulder for me Savannah" I
said. Savannah's bright red face gazed back at the camera while I
took some photos of her in this embarrassing position.

I moved the video camera back a little. "Now stand up and
unfasten your jeans" I said and refocused the camera while
Savannah stood up and started to unbutton the top of her jeans.
"No turn round and face the camera" I said. Savannah turned round
and I took a few photos as she did so. She opened the button then
lowered the zip. "Pull them open so I can see your pants" I said.
Savannah exposed a small pair of white pants with little golden
moons scattered over the fabric. "Now turn round again and push
them down below your bum." Her bottom looked even sexier as she
pushed the jeans down to a few inches below her pants. "Now back
over the arm of the settee please." Savannah resumed the position
and I took a few photos of her cute panty covered butt. "Look
back over your shoulder at the camera! I said and clicked away.
Savannah looked very sexy and completely embarrassed. The sight
of Savannah showing her panty covered bum to the camera was
getting ma all excited. It was time for more hands on again. I
refocused the video camera and returned to rest my hand on her
bum with only the thin layer of material to prevent me from
touching her sexy little bum.

"Another six I think" I said and raised my hand. It came down
with a bit more of a slap. It was no harder than the other smacks
but without the protection of her jeans it made Savannah jump a
little more. I rubbed her bum through the material for a little
while then slapped the same buttock a second time. Again I rubbed
my hand over her cheek before giving the same buttock a third
slap. I slid my hand over her bum to the other buttock, making
sure I got a great feel as my fingers slid over her bum crease,
and did the same to that one. Three slaps with a good rub and
feel between the strikes. "Did that hurt?" I asked her again as I
caressed the thin material. Savannah nodded, "A little" she said.

I stood and refocused the video camera. "Now take your jeans off
completely" I said. Savannah stood and, facing the camera, pushed
her jeans down her legs. She still had her training shoes on so I
said I'd help. I took a few more photos then knelt next to her
and untied her shoes before slipping them off her feet. I pulled
the jeans off and tossed them across the room. "Now your socks" I
said and I lifted her left foot and pulled off her sock. The
other sock followed soon after. I took some more photos of the
front of her pants that had a little mound underneath. "Now back
over the arm of the settee" I said. Savannah lay back over the
arm. "Move you feet apart like before" I said and Savannah spread
her legs. More photos followed, with Savannah gazing over her
shoulder of course, and I refocused the video again.

I put my hand on the soft skin on the back of her right leg and
felt her tense as she got ready for the slap that she knew would
soon follow. Three slaps followed on her bare skin, again with a
little rub of my hand between. Her left leg took another three
slaps. These were a lot louder than the others but not harder.
The backs of her legs started to redden a little. I slipped my
hand up the inside of her leg and gave her another three slaps
getting higher with each. I caressed her inner thigh between each
slap and after the third slap my thumb was just rubbing against
her pants. I did the same to the other leg and finished with my
thumb rubbing ever so lightly against the material that covered
her pussy. "Did those hurt?" I asked and Savannah nodded and as
she looked back I noticed a tear welling in her eye. The red skin
showed that she was probably telling the truth. I continued to
rub her high up between the legs. "I promise you that the rest
will not get any harder as long as you don't try to move out the
way or stop me." Savannah sniffed and nodded her head. I took a
few photos of her reddening legs and then rubbed her panty
covered bum again. I leaned forward and had a little sniff as
close to her bum as I could get without touching her. I felt the
heat from her bum against my face and filled my nostrils with the
aroma of Savannah's sweet little rear.

"Now take off your jumper" I said as I stood and adjusted the
video. Savannah removed her jumped without any trouble and I took
photos of her. "Are you wearing a bra?" I asked her. Savannah
nodded. "Good" I said, "In that case, take off your tee-shirt as
well"

"What has my tee-shirt got to do with spanking me?" She asked.
"The photos are part of you punishment remember. Now that is the
last time you should question me." I shook my head, "That means
the next spanks will be just a little harder" I said. Savannah
didn't argue. She took hold of the bottom of her tee- shirt and
pulled it off over her head. I took more photos as she raised her
hands causing her breasts to thrust forward. She dropped the tee
shirt and stood there in just her bra and pants. My camera
clicked and clicked. Her small breasts were gorgeous. Her bra was
a little small and couldn't quite hold her boobs properly. The
undersides of them showed just below the garment and the size of
the breasts pushed the material away from her chest slightly
allowing me to see down between them.

I moved a stool into the middle of the room and moved the video
camera. "Stand behind the stool facing the camera" I said. I got
Savannah to lean forward and put her hands on the stool. This
allowed a good view down between her breasts. I stood beside her
and rubbed my hand over her bum. I lifted my hand and brought it
down harder onto her panty covered butt. Again I gave Savannah a
little rub between each smack but she felt each one a lot more
than previous smacks. I didn't stop to ask if the smacks had hurt
this time but moved down and slapped her bare legs. Six smacks on
her sexy rump were followed by six slaps down the back of her
legs. By the time I had administered the six slaps to her inner
thighs Savannah was crying fully. He legs were very red now so I
spent a little time rubbing them up and down and sliding my hands
inside her legs. Once I reached the top of her inner thighs and
was rubbing at the material covering her pussy I asked if it
still hurt.

"It hurt a lot when you did it but it's a bit better now" said
Savannah, still crying but trying her best to compose herself.

"Come round this side of the stool" I said to her, pointing at
the side nearest the camera. Savannah did and I turned her round
so her bum was big in the video screen. "Now push your pants down
and bend over again." Savannah didn't protest, she just hooked
her thumbs into her pants and pushed then down to below her bum.
Once she was in position I took a few photos of her naked little
rump. I got Savanah to look over her shoulder again so her naked
bum, with her panties just below it, and her face were both in
view. "I think it would be best if you took your pants off
completely." I said. Savannah pushed her pants all the way down
her legs and stepped out of them. "Open you legs wide like you
were when you were over the arm of the settee" I said. Her legs
opened and she bent over the stool again. Her puckered little
arsehole was in full view so I took more photos. She was also
showing off a fine set of pussy lips. I photographed those too.

I stood beside her once again and saw Savannah tense as she
waited for the spanking that was coming. I rubbed my hand all
over her bare bottom then moved it down over her arsehole and
caressed her pussy lips. Without a warning I raised my hand and
slapped her left buttock. This time I didn't pause and rub
between each slap. Six slaps on her left buttock were followed by
six slaps on her right. I moved straight down the back of her
legs and gave each one another six slaps. I finished with a slap
right up between her legs on her pussy. This made Savannah squeal
and put her hand back to cover herself. I stopped and watched
Savannah sob. The slaps had turned the skin on her bottom and
legs to a bright red. "You stopped me Savannah"

"That hurt very very much" she said between sobs.

I walked to the curtain and removed one of the rope ties. "We
were almost finished there" I said, "But now I'll have to give
you another six with your hands tied so you can't stop me." I
pulled her hand behind her and tied them together. Without her
hands to hold her Savannah had to lay her chest on the stool.
This brought her pussy further into view. The one slap it had
received had given the lips a pink glow. I rubbed my hand over
her cute little pussy then slipped my hand all the way between
her legs and cupping her pubic mound. I hadn't seen it yet but
the soft covering of hair felt great and had me very excited.
"Six more slaps then you have a choice to make" I said. I
returned to the slap, pause, rub routine but this time
concentrated on her pussy. After the third slap I rubbed her
pussy lips a little harder and my finger slipped between them. I
let it slide all the way from the back to the front of her pussy
and up to her clitoris. I slapped again then did the same thing
taking a little more time and rubbing her clitoris more. After
the fifth slap I slipped my finger between the lips straight to
her clitoris and started to play with her little button. I spent
a full minute rubbing her clitoris after the final slap with the
occasional slide along between her pussy lips. Savannah was
getting a little wet which sent me almost wild. I removed my hand
and sniffed my finger. Savannah's aroma was intoxicating. "Ok
Savannah" I said, "stand up straight for a minute." Savannah
stood up, tears streamed down her face. She didn't even seem to
notice when I unfastened her bra and pushed the straps off her
shoulders. I turned her round to face the camera and pulled the
material down until her cute little breasts were in full view.
They weren't anymore than a handful each and she had gorgeous
little nipples. I stood back and gazed at one of the sexiest
bodies I had ever seen. I took loads of photos of her face and
breasts before moving down to her patch of dark pubic hair. I
moved round taking photos all the way round showing that her
hands were still tied. Her bottom and legs were bright red.

"OK Savannah you have a choice to make now" I said and walked to
the hall way. When I returned I was swishing a long thin cane in
the air. Savannah had a look of complete fear on her face as I
swished the cane up and down making a frightening sound. "Because
you tried to stop me spanking you near the end there I have
another little surprise for you. There is one last thing I am
going to do and you get to choose it. You can either let me
punish you with this cane or let me kiss you all over your body."
Savannah was still watching the cane fly about in front of her.
"If you choose the cane it will hurt quite a lot but be over very
quickly. If you choose to let me kiss you all over your body it
will be a lot nicer for you but last a lot longer. The choice is
yours." Savannah watched me swish the cane again. It sounded very
very painful.

I moved her to the front of the settee and repositioned the
camera. She was still tied and her bra was still pulled down
exposing her breasts. "Now have a think" I said, "and when you
have decided I want you to say loud and clear to the camera
either, 'I want you to punish me with the cane' or 'I want you to
kiss me all over my body'." I set the camera going and watched
her closely. It didn't take very long.

"II want you to..kiss me all over my body" she said.

I put down the cane and walked behind her. "OK" I said, "In that
case I don't think we need you tied up anymore do you?" Savannah
didn't answer, she just let me untie her hands then remove her
bra completely. Savannah was now completely naked. I took a few
more photos then got her to lay on the floor on her face. I moved
her hair to the side and started at the top of her back between
her shoulder blades.

Savannah's skin was soft and silky. She smelled lovely and I lost
myself in the feel of her skin on my lips. I kissed my way across
her back then kissed from side to side as I made my way all the
way down. I stopped when I got to her bum and sniffed between her
cheeks. I loved the smell that filled my nostrils and couldn't
wait any longer to feel her bum against my mouth. I kissed each
buttock thoroughly not missing a millimetre of her bare skin. I
opened her bum cheeks with my hands and kissed down her crack
from the top all the way to her tight little arsehole. Her little
hole received special attention and I alternated between kissing
and licking, pushing my tongue inside just a little from time to
time.

Eventually I moved on and kissed may way down the back of her
legs to her feet. I kissed her soles and each individual toe.

I turned her over and started at her feet, kissing my way up each
leg until I reached her light covering of pubic hair. I spent
only a short time here, sniffing at her pussy at the same time
before kissing my way out to her hips. My mouth moved over her
tummy until I reached her breasts. I took a breast in each hand
and caressed as I kissed all over the small mounds of flesh. Each
nipple was taken into my mouth in turn, sucked then bitten gently
before moving to the other then back again. Savannah's nipples
hardened as I sucked and she started to breath quite deeply when
I started to flick her nipples with the tip of my tongue.

I moved back down kissing my way to her belly button. I stuck my
tongue in it and licked at it for a little while then made my way
back down the centre of her tummy to her pubic mound.

"Get up and sit on the settee" I said and help Savannah get off
the floor. I sat her in the middle of the settee and pushed her
legs wide apart. Her pussy lips parted and revealed some wet
folds of skin. Her clitoris was sticking out begging to be
sucked. I took a few more photos of her like this then asked her
to hold her knees up with her hands. "No keep your legs wide
apart for me" I said. More photos were taken then the moment I
had been waiting for. I lowered my head and pushed my nose to her
pussy. Savannah's aroma was fantastic. I kissed her bang on her
pussy and slipped my tongue between the lips and pushed it into
her. The taste was just as fantastic as the smell. My tongue was
deep inside her pussy and my nose was pushing against her
clitoris. I moved my face away and looked at Savannah's face. Her
eyes were closed tight and her nose scrunched up. She was trying
her best to stop the feelings she was getting from my attentions.

"Relax" I told her, "You've had the pain of the punishment. Just
lay back and enjoy the feelings you are getting. It's OK to enjoy
this bit. Let yourself go and let the feelings wash over you.
Your body knows how to react so just let it all happen. I promise
you that you'll like it."

Savannah relaxed and I returned to licking her clitoris and
pushing on it. I slid my tongue into her pussy once more and
rubbed her clitoris with my fingers. I alternated flicking my
tongue over her clit and slipping a finger into her pussy then
swapping round so my tongue was as deep inside her as I could get
it. Savannah started to move her hips and push her pussy against
my mouth and fingers. She was breathing heavy and starting to my
high pitched little squeaks. All of a sudden her body tensed and
started to shudder. I covered her pussy with my mouth a sucked
and sucked as she came and little spasms.

Savannah collapsed back onto the settee and let me move her bum
to the edge of the cushion. Her legs were still wide apart and I
positioned myself between them and as close as I could get to
her. I unfastened my jeans and pushed them down my legs. My pants
followed and my cock sprang out as hard as I'd ever seen it
before. I held it in my hand and rubbed the tip along Savannah's
soaked pussy lips. She was so wet that I easily popped it between
her lips and slipped it into her pussy. She was so tight I only
managed to get the head inside her but that was enough for me.
Her pussy was red hot and I loved the feel as I pushed gently
back and forth. I rubbed her clitoris again and she started to
push her hips up and down. I was so turned on that I know I
wasn't going to last long. I felt Savannah's pussy grip the head
of my cock as she came again. I pulled out of her quickly and
shot a load of hot sticky fluid over her tummy. My cock pulsed
and pulsed spraying more and more off white glop onto her lovely
young skin.

I took more photos of her covered in cum then cleaned her up
using her own panties. Savannah eventually opened her eyes. I
smiled at her and she smiled back. "Did you like that bit?" I
asked. Savannah nodded. "Well maybe we could do it again soon" I
added. Savannah just nodded again.

I helped her to her feet and made sure the video was still
picking everything up as she got herself dressed. Once she was
fully clothed I walked her to the door with my hand on her bum,
squeezing and rubbing. "OK I have now forgiven you" I said, "As
long as you don't do anything else wrong nobody will ever see the
video or the photos."

I watched Savannah as she walked down the drive and disappeared
into the trees. When she was out of site I phoned a friend of
mine. "You have to see these pictures and the video that I've
just taken" I said down the phone. "I'm on my way" he said and
the phone went dead.

