You can't force it. I've learned that lesson the hard way. Trying to just put words to paper only leads to mediocre stories at best, utter shit at worst. I sighed, looking at the blank screen in front of me, trying my best to just will something onto the computer.
After a few more minutes, I rose out of my chair and angrily stomped out of my bedroom to the kitchen. "Still nothing?" my roommate Josie asked from the living room.
"Nope." When I got frustrated, I hated talking, preferring to let my anger fester. Grabbing a beer and some leftover fried chicken from the night before, I made my way to the living room, slumping down in my favorite spot.
I love watching people and living on the first floor of a New York apartment building with the windows facing the busy street afforded me hours of entertainment. I would sit there on the couch, watching the people walk, bike and drive past my window, making up stories about their lives.
Fate, it would seem, was conspiring against me. Nothing more interesting than the weekly trash pickup. I tried to think of something about the old driver of the truck but nothing came to mind.
"You know what you need." Josie said, watching me as I sulkily devoured my chicken and took a swig of beer. She was sitting in her recliner, her bared legs tucked up under her, her breasts barely covered by her white, silken camisole. Josie had a professional dancer's body, going to college to study ballet of all things. She also didn't believe in dressing in clothes unless she was going out or someone was coming over. Even then, I sometimes had to remind her to put on pants.
Finishing the chicken, I wiped my hands clean and started sipping my beer. I scowled at Josie the best I could which caused her to giggle which didn't improve my mood. "Forget it." I replied, then taking another sip before continuing. "The last asshole you tried to set me up with only wanted one thing."
"Would that have been so bad? I mean at least Tommy was cute."
I sat there in silence, watching at the truck moved two feet down the street to the next can. I couldn't disagree with Josie. Tommy was cute but it was hard to get turned on when their breath stank of beer and marijuana and they were so far gone, they couldn't even unbutton your shirt without ripping out the buttons, no matter how good looking they were.
There was something else besides that which was on my mind lately. I was finding myself less and less attracted to men and more and more attracted to women. I would go to my calculus class and the professor, Miss Robbins, would be playing lead in the fantasies in my mind; erotic fantasies where she would have to tutor me and spank my bottom for each wrong answer I'd gotten on the latest test. I suck at math so there would be a lot of wrong answers.
There were others that I fantasied about. Mrs. Johnson-Reed, the volleyball coach. Sarah Gartner, who sat two rows in front of me in English lit. Even Rhonda, the older janitor, had stared in my fantasies once or twice. Worst of all, however, was Josie herself. God bless, her legs! Her perfect ass. Her pert breasts, just a little too big for her body, nipples poking out from being teased by the silken lingerie she wore. I swear she had enough lingerie to outfit a Catholic girl's school. Then there was Josie's smile. Lit up the fucking room every time she laughed or giggled or just beamed. She was damn near perfect as far as I could tell and I'm ashamed to admit she played in my mind more than a few nights as I laid in bed, doing my best not to scream out as I pleasured myself.
But I never acted upon those desires. Especially not with Josie. We'd been friends ever since we were freshmen at college, being roommates. I always wondered why she would befriend a nerdy, slightly curvy, introverted girl like me. But we just clicked as soon as we were introduced to each other.
"Hey! Earth to Billie." Josie's voice snapped me out of my reverie. "Want anything from the kitchen?"
"Yeah, um, another beer, thanks." I said, trying my best not to stare hungrily at Josie's body as she scooted past. She was wearing matching silken panties and I could just make out the tiny patch of hair on her mons and the faint scent of her sex. I quickly finished my current beer in one nervous gulp.
I swear she was doing this on purpose; teasing me to distraction. Ever since I'd accidentally forgotten to wipe my computer history, Josie had become even more bold with her attire when it was just us two. I nervously swore that the websites were just for research on a paper I was going to write for my English class. I suck at lying so I don't believe she bought it.
Josie walked back in and handed me my new beer to which I graciously accepted. "So what? You just going to sit and sulk all day then?" Josie asked as she sat back down. For a briefest of moments, her panties were pulled tightly against her pussy. I could see the full, plump lips of her vagina which cause me to spill my beer a little. Josie giggled again which caused me to scowl again.
"No...okay, maybe." I said, wiping the beer off my shirt with my free hand. "So what?" I added a bit defensively. "What are you going to do, Netflix and chill with Ron?"
Josie got a shocked, hurt look on her face which cause me to mumble "Sorry". I had forgotten that she and Ron were on the outs at this time. Josie had caught him fucking another chick and his only response was to try and get her into a threesome. That night was the only time I'd ever seen Josie drink until she passed out.
I could tell Josie still had feelings for him and I did my best to try and help her get past his cheating ass. "I'm sorry." I said again, this time softer. She waived me off, her eyes brimming with tears.
"I know, I know. I should let him go but damn it, I really thought he was the one." Josie said. "Hey, there's a story for you. Your dumbass roommate still pining over her cheating ex-boyfriend."
"Oh yeah!" I said trying to lighten the mood. "In my story, though, she leaves his ass, goes to Hollywood and becomes a famous dancer. All the men want her and all the women want to be her."
Josie let out a sobbing half-laugh. "Yeah, right. At least she gets a happy ending."
"Uh huh. That's why it's called fiction, my dear." I replied, then taking a swig of my beer. "The damsel always gets her Prince Charming."
"Or Princess Charming." Josie added. "Remember, we have to be inclusive in this day and age."
I laughed at that, then paused a moment before asking "Would you like that? The heroine of my story running off to Hollywood and finding the girl of her dreams?"
Josie shrugged, a strange look on her face. We sat there in silence for a few minutes before she softly answered. "I almost said yes." My brow raised up. "To Ron. When he asked me if I wanted a threesome? I almost said yes."
"What stopped you?" My mouth had suddenly gone dry and the question came out a little huskier than intended. I quickly took another gulp of beer.
Another shrug from Josie. "I...I don't know. I mean, I kinda wanted to, you know, make out with them. Both Ronnie and Misty." She paused again, trying to come up with her next sentence. "But then I saw the look in his eyes and I realized."
"What was that?" I prompted when she didn't speak for a while.
"I, well, realized it would just be for his pleasure, not mine." Josie said, her voice still soft but with a touch of sadness. "Like, as soon as he got off, that would be the end of it. I knew that he didn't care for my needs. Just his own."
I was angry. My best friend was hurting. "Fucking bastard." I spoke. I didn't curse a lot so that got Josie's attention. "He doesn't deserve you at all. If I was there, you would have definitely gotten off."
I froze because I'd just realized what came out of my mouth. I looked at Josie. Her mouth was open in shock. "I mean, well, what I meant was..." I couldn't even come up with a passable excuse.
"Really Billie?" I gave a small nod, unable to speak. I felt my face get red hot. "Why didn't you say anything?"
Now it was my turn to pause. "Because you're the first really good friend I've ever had and I don't want to mess that up." I finally said, tears in my eyes now. Josie giggled and for a moment, I was really hurt, thinking she was laughing at me.
"No, no!" Josie quickly said, holding up her hand when she saw the expression on my face. "I was laughing at me. Billie, I've felt the same way about you and didn't say anything because I didn't want to scare you away." Then she laughed again at the shocked expression on my face.
Josie rose gracefully from her chair, walked over, took my beer away and, after placing it on the end table, straddled my legs. I shivered as sat down, her silky panties touching my bare skin. She cupped my face with her delicate hands, then closed her eyes as she leaned down.
My breath caught in my throat as her lips touched mine. I'd literally dreamed of this moment so often that, just for a second, I was afraid that this was a dream. Bringing my hands up, I felt the soft satin of Josie's camisole. As I reached under her top, my fingertips touching her soft skin, Josie tentatively licked my lips with her tongue.
My beathing quickened as I opened my mouth, inviting Josie's tongue inside. She placed her hands on my shoulders as our kiss intensified. Both of us were breathing heavily now. It was if there had been a dam of sexual repression in our apartment and the dam finally broke.
To my consternation, Josie finally broke the kiss and stood up. There was a second where I thought that she was finished. Was that going to be it? Just one kiss? I shouldn't have worried. Josie reached out and I grasped her hands. Pulling me up, she led me, still holding my left hand, to her bedroom.
Now, hers and my bedrooms couldn't have been different. Hers was pastels; pinks, yellows, blues. Bright, soft and warm. Mine was...darker. Not dirtier, just darker. My Star Wars posters on the wall, plushies of my favorite Marvel characters on a shelf, the only real light source being my little desk lamp as I rarely turned the ceiling light on.
Josie spun around as soon as I crossed the threshold of her bedroom. We both stood there gazing at each other. I guess we were waiting to see who would make the first move. It was me. Taking a deep breath, I grasped the bottom of my faded tee shirt and pulled it over my head. Since I wasn't wearing a bra, my breasts were quickly bared to Josie. She licked her lips, a hungry look in her eyes. That look emboldened me so I lowered my shorts and panties in one motion.
Josie stood there, her eyes roaming my body, drinking in my nudity. When she was finished, Josie looked me straight in the eyes, bit her lower lip as if getting up the nerve to softly say "Undress me, Billie."
My hands were trembling as I reached out and lifted the camisole over Josie's head, letting it flutter to the floor. Then, I gently took ahold of her panties, kneeling onto the carpeted floor as I lowered them slowly down her muscular legs.
When the were on the floor, Josie stepped out of them. My eyes were glued to the beautiful sight of her trimmed mons. I could see the engorged lips of her pussy as well as the mouth-watering scent of her arousal tickling my nose. Tilting my head up, I saw that Josie was beaming at me with that pussy-melting smile of hers. "Kiss it, Bobbie. Please."
I almost creamed at those words. Josie spread her legs and I leaned in. Using my fingers, I pried open her outer lips, then pressed my mouth right on her pussy. I stuck my tongue out, using it as a spoon to scoop up the wetness that had leaked out.
God damn! My first taste of pussy and I knew in my heart it wouldn't be my last. I tried to remember all that I'd seen and read about when I was "researching" but then said "fuck it" in my head and just did what came natural to me.
It must have been working because, before long, Josie put her hands on my head, gently but firmly pushing me tighter against her body. I could feel her legs trembling, muscles tightening beneath my hands the closer she came to orgasming. I opened my eyes, trying to see her expression.
Josie's eyes were screwed shut, her mouth in an "O". Just as she came, she screamed out "Oh Billie YES!" Then my mouth was flooded with her lovely juices. I didn't stop licking until she fell back on her bed, spent. She weakly pushed me off so I relented and stood up, just looking at my roommate's gorgeous body. Her breaths were coming in shallow gulps, her tits rising and falling, her eyes glazed over with a stupidly cute grin on her face.
I stood there like an idiot, not sure what to do next. Did she want to reciprocate or kick me out? I prayed that this wasn't over because up until this point in my life, when my partner climaxed, that was the end.
I shouldn't have worried. Josie recovered enough to hold her hands out, beckoning to her embrace. Smiling like a little girl in a candy shop, I climbed upon her bed and laid down in her arms.
Josie rolled onto her side and pressed her naked body against mine. "God, Billie." she whispered. "That was damn good."
I giggled at that. "Um, thanks. You taste amazing, just to let you know."
"I do? Let me see." Josie leaned in and we French kissed deeply, hers and my tongue wrestling for dominance in a match that ended in a tie. Pulling back, Josie contemplated for a second, licking her lips. "You're right, Billie. I do taste pretty good. Now, let me compare that with how you taste."
Josie didn't even wait for a reply. Rolling me over, she planted another kiss on my lips before making her way down my body. Her lips on my neck caused me to let out a long, low moan. When she suckled on my right nipple while lightly pinching my left, I began to squirm under her. Then she switched, driving me even wilder. I let out an involuntary giggle as she kissed her way down my stomach. The look in her eyes when I glanced down told me that Josie just learned a naughty fact about me. I was very ticklish.
My roommate, now lover, gave me a roguish wink, spread my legs wide and laid down between them. It was all I could do not to orgasm as soon as she kissed my clit. I'd been kind of tense up to this point, trying my best to relax but, for some reason, failing. That was until Josie really started eating me out. Then my mind went sort of fuzzy and I could feel the tension leaving my body as my orgasm slowly began to build.
I was getting close, so close to a mighty gut-wrenching orgasm. That's when Josie switched tactics on me. She stopped eating me and instead shoved her index and middle finger inside my pussy hole. Curling her fingers up, she pistoned her hand. There must have been something about my tits that she really liked because she started suckling on them again like a woman starved.
Everything she had done to me and was currently doing drove me to honestly the best orgasm of my life. Josie didn't stop at one with me. Just as the first subsided, she bit down on my nipple; not hard but hard enough to let me feel it. That little bit of pain combined with her fingers still fucking me gave me another orgasm.
I was starting to feel lightheaded by the time Josie finally stopped her sexual onslaught. When she gathered my juices with her tongue, the stimulation was almost too much. I know I had a huge smile on my face as I felt her climb up and hold my head against her breasts like a mother comforting her child.
"I think this is the start of a beautiful friendship." Josie said in her best Bogart. I let out a breathy laugh, basking in the afterglow of amazing sex.
"I feel like an idiot waiting so long to tell you." I said as I stroked her tit, giving it a little kiss right on her nipple.
Josie laughed. "I guess we both are then. I should have told you as well."
"Okay, you got me. We're both idiots." We both laughed at that.
Josie leaned down and kissed me hard. Again, our tongues entwined like snakes. I could faintly taste my pussy. "Mmmmm...you still taste better to me." I said when we finally broke the kiss.
"I respectfully disagree Ma'am." Josie replied. "I think you taste much better than me." Again, we both giggled. We laid there for a while, enjoying the warmth of each other's bodies when Josie leaned down, gently bit my earlobe, then whispered "Stay right here and close your eyes."
I did as Josie ordered, resting my head on her lilac scented pillow. Again, I wondered how we became friends. I guess opposites really do attract. Josie got off the bed. I heard her rummaging around for something. A few moments later, she eased my legs wide and pried my pussy lips apart with her index finger and thumb. For a second, I thought she was going to eat me out again. That's when I felt something hard, rubbery and huge press right against my pussy hole, then penetrate me in one smooth, slow push.
My eyes flew open at the feeling of something so large being pushed inside me. It felt so lifelike; every vein, every ridge scraped against my inner wall.
Josie began a rhythm. In, out, in, out. Each thrust a little deeper, a little faster. I closed my eyes again, my hips bucking against the rubber phallus. Josie never broke stride as she maneuvered her body so she could French kiss me again as she pinched and played with my nipples.
I moaned, then squealed into Josie's mouth as another orgasm ripped through me. I clenched down as my roommate shoved the dildo in as far as she could. My hips bucked and my stomach muscles tightened and I could feel my juices trickle down my legs onto Josie's comforter. Still, she kissed me as deeply as she fucked me.
When the orgasm finally subsided, I collapsed back on the bed. Josie eased the dildo out of me as she broke the kiss. There was a twinkle in her eye when she held the toy up so I could see it.
The dildo was bigger than any dick I'd ever seen. At least nine inches long and about as thick as my wrist, it was black and shiny with my juices. "Help me lick it clean, baby." Josie said as she brought it closer to my face.
Josie and I sucked all of my yummy fluids off, treating it like a real cock. I tried deep-throating it and got about five inches down. Josie's best was seven inches.
When we were finished playing with it, Josie wiped it clean on her comforter, then got up and put it away. "Damn girl, that was amazing!" I said, getting off the bed as well. "But, I'm sorry to say that I don't have a toy to use on you."
"That's no problem, Billie" Josie said with a smile. "We can share mine."
"Oooor..." I said, then quickly ran out of the room and hopped on my computer. I'd seen a toy that I had thought was like someone using the force on another woman. But instead of choking them out, the force user gave her orgasms without even touching her. I smiled as I entered my credit card info and hit "purchase". In less than a week, Josie would be experiencing orgasms whenever I wanted her to.
Neither of us went out that day. Nude snuggles on the couch. Harry Potter movie marathon. Intense discussion on whether Hermione would have preferred Cho, Luna or Ginny. Snacks. More snuggles. Two women in a shower that was too small for even one person. Ending the day with more snuggles and me sleeping in Josie's bed.
Sunday and I woke up before Josie. Not unusual as I'm a serious morning person and she's, well, not. After a quick run to the bathroom and some untoasted pop tarts, I sat at my computer. The monitor came on and one click later, I stared at the blank screen of Microsoft's wonderful Word program. After a second's hesitation, I smiled and began typing.
Josie was right, I thought to myself as the words flew from my brain onto the computer screen. She knew just what I needed to banish my writer's block.