The attached work of erotic fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, excerpts may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, non-commercial archive sights.


   Copyright 2007, 2008, 2009 by J.  Saunders.

   If you are an editor and wish to publish this story
   contact me at: jillsconvictions@yahoo.co.uk

   This and other works may be found here:
   http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Jill/


Encouragement in the form of pictures of your girlfriend / wife / mistress are also welcome, send to jillsconvictions@yahoo.co.uk  If its not yours then don't send it (no spam).


Introduction:  This is a part of a completed story.  It may not be to everyones tastes.



Jills story - Part 9


Tuesday morning I am woken by my phone beeping, its a message from Steve only wear gash panties from now on or nothing!  The one pair of panties with a slit that I have are very messy from yesterdays event, Ill have to get some more soon.  I put on a skirt without any panties.
At work I am careful to keep my legs crossed and not flash anyone.  
Dave says he has tried to contact the device support people but they have not been available, I suggest we see what else we can find out about the network traffic being generated by it.  We analyse the packets, they are all addressed to the same IP, we check the server for that IP, it turns out to be a server in another department.  I think to myself that I must get access to it and see what they are doing with the video feed.  We are not allowed access to other departments servers as a rule and I dont want to explain to anyone what I want to look for.  I need to come up with a plan.  I could capture the admin password if I can get Ben from security to use it on my machine while I run a key stroke capture tool.  It is very much illegal, grounds for instant dismissal and a law suit if not also criminal proceedings I am sure.  I must find out though what is happening to the video feed before it gets closed down as a result of Daves enquiries. I tell Dave that I will look into it further and will let him know what I find out soon.  I go back to my machine and install a key stroke catcher, hiding it as best I can, then I call Ben from security to come install the network packet analyser on my machine.  When he is gone I check the log of the key stroke catcher and find the admin password, my heart skips a beat.  It is too risky to log into the server during office hours so I decide to do it tomorrow morning before anyone gets in.
I go out at lunch back to the shop that I got the cap bras from.  Tanya is there, I ask her about panties slits, she shows me their range.  They are all very small sizes, too small for me really even though I am a small size normally.  I buy 10 anyway and put one on in front of Tanya, not bothering to go to the change room as there is no one else in the shop.  Tanya just smiles at me, I say thanks and leave.
On my way back into the office building unfortunately I run into Steve, he is on his way out but decides to accompany me back into the elevator anyway.  Walking into the elevator he ushers me to the back, a bunch of other people walk in after us, everyone turns and faces the door as usual. Steve is standing close behind me, too close.  I feel the back of my dress lifting, Steves fingers ease their way in between my legs from behind and find my pussy lips squeezing through the slit in the panties.  He sticks his finger up into my pussy, I am sure he can feel how wet it is.  It seems to be constantly wet I think to myself.  
Good girl he whispers.  
fuck you I think. 
Then his hand is replaced by something smooth and cool, he pushes it up into my pussy, deep as he can, then he whispers Keep that in there bitch.  
From good girl to bitch in 5 seconds I think.  He removes his fingers and I clamp my thighs shut holding them tightly together.  Steve stays in the elevator when I get out at my floor.
Its midway through the afternoon and I am working at my desk, Dave is opposite me at his.  Suddenly deep in my pussy I feel vibration, Steve must have a remote control for the vibrator he stuck up my pussy.  It is subtle at first but the vibrations start to build.  I cant concentrate, though I am happy that at least there is no audible noise.  I am staring at the black device, knowing that Steve is sitting watching me somewhere.  I try to look angry, which I am, but the vibrations are affecting me and the vibrator has started turning inside my pussy now too.  I look away from the device not wanting to add to Steves pleasure, I look at Dave, he is not looking at me thankfully.  My body starts heating up, it is getting excited, I can feel my climax building, what can I do I wonder, I cant go to the bathroom, I dont think I will be able to walk in this state.  Just as I am thinking it is going to be very obvious when I come, the vibrator shuts off just as suddenly as it started.  I am left slightly panting, my pussy must be a slippery mess squeezing out of the panties with an engorged clit seemingly clamped in between the folds.  I hope the back of my skirt doesn't get wet.  I still dont want to get up and go to the bathroom in case the vibrations start again.  I get a message in my mail, it says I havent got time to finish you off, do it yourself.  I think fine and get up and go to the bathroom.  In a stall I lift up my skirt and sit down not bothering to pull my panties down.  I look down at my pussy lips, they are red and engorged, I lean back and put my hand down to my pussy, collecting some wetness, I slide it up to the clit and stroke it gently in between my squeezed lips.  Within a minute I am coming, waves of ecstasy rock my body, after being teased by the vibrator the release is fantastic.  
I clean up my pussy and head back to my desk, vibrator still inside.
Steve leaves me alone for the rest of the day.

I get to work early as planned, today I will hopefully at least find out what's going on with the camera.  I am nervous as I open up a remote login window to the server IP address found in the devices network packets. I type in the Administrator user name and the password that the key stoke catcher logged from Ben.  I press enter, the dialog screen disappears and in what seems like an hour but can only be seconds the desktop appears and I am in.  Easy I think, I start hunting for the software and video files that I am hoping are there.  I find some big files with an unknown extension, I rename the extension to mpg and then try open them in a media player, bingo I think as a video of me appears.  It looks like it's from a couple days ago, I am sitting at my desk working.
Fantastic I think, I work out the naming convention used, the files appear to record only when there is movement in the image, they are named with a long number which turns out to be the date and time that the recording started given as one long string.  I look back for a file from an earlier day, one when Adrian may have been at my desk, there are many files from each day as movement starts and stops.  
By now people are starting to arrive in the office, it is getting quite late when I strike it lucky, I find the clip of me playing with my pussy while Adrian is standing next to me.  I quickly scan through to the end then I delete it, empty the recycle bin on the server, and then quickly log off.  I decide to come in earlier tomorrow again and get rid of all the videos with me and my tits or pussy in compromising positions.

Towards the end of the day I get another mail from Steve, as usual he wants to meet in the back of the lobby.  After work I head down to the back of the lobby, Steve is there already, I go into the cubicle and close the door, thinking what does he want today.  The sexual acts are not bothering me anymore but being with Steve is.  He doesnt waste any time, when the door is closed he spins me around and pushes me forward until I am leaning over the desk with my bum sticking out at him.  He lifts my skirt and pulls the panties aside and immediately sticks two fingers into my ass with no pretence of foreplay. He pulls them out, spits on them, and sticks them back in, he pumps them in and out.  Nice tight hole he says, then play with that squeezed beaver bitch.  I lean further forward on my left elbow, spreading my legs a little I move my hand down to my pussy squeezing through another pair of gash panties, I run my fingers up to just below where Steve is enthusiastically pumping two fingers in and out of my asshole.  I gather some moisture from my pussy and slide my fingers down to my clit, I start slipping two fingers round my already hard clit in slow circles.  Steve pulls his fingers out of my asshole and slaps my ass hard, right cheek with his palm, then left with the back of his hand.  I flinch but carry on playing with my clit, my pussy is getting warmed up now.  Steve find my pussy entrance with his left hand and eases three fingers in then he sticks the two fingers of his right hand back in my asshole.  He pumps them both in and out rhythmically like he is some sort of machine, he sticks a fourth finger in my pussy and pushes, stretching the entrance.  Then he sticks a third finger into my asshole, and pumps them both slowly now.  My fingers working my clit are having a pronounced effect, with the fingers also pumping both of my holes I feel my climax building.  Steve carries on pumping his fingers in and out, I have my head turned to the side and I can see he is watching me.  It is not a turn on for me and Id rather get this over with sooner, I put my head down and decide to concentrate on the feelings and pretend it is not Steve pumping my holes.  I day dream that it is my boyfriend pumping me, I start to pant and groan, then it is Dave pumping me in my mind, I wonder where that came from?  My fingers sliding around my clit start to work faster, I am going to come. Suddenly Steve pulls his hands out and slaps my ass hard.  It makes me even hotter, my fingers are flying over my clit now, I am going to come and come hard. 
Steve pulls my hand away from my clit. Damn! What the hell is the bastard doing now I think, he says now now, you are getting ahead of yourself. My swollen pussy is aching for the final release but Steve holds my hand away.  Then he stands up and puts his dick into the palm of my hand, I pull it as best I can from this awkward position.  Thinking if he gets off I can. Steve gets hard quickly, and then pulls away from my hand.  My fingers go back to my clit and start working it, he eases his dick into my exposed pussy and pumps in and out a few times. My climax builds again very quickly from where I left it with Steve pumping my pussy and my fingers doing their work.  He pulls my hand away again and says Wouldnt you like your ass pumped instead?  My pussy is so close to exploding, I think just let me finish, and I nod.  He pulls his dick out and puts it at the entrance to my ass, he pushes, then a little harder, his dick starts to sink in, it is easy going with the lubrication on his dick from my now dripping pussy.  He pushes in deep and holds it there, he is still keeping my hand away from my clit.  He eases out and then pushes back into my asshole.  He starts pumping his dick in my asshole, he lets go of my hand.  I go back to my clit and start rubbing in earnest. Steve picks up rhythm and starts pumping in and out of my asshole, the sensation added to my fingers is driving me crazy now, prolonging my climatic explosion.  I am groaning now like a slut, like the porn stars I have seen in all my boyfriends porn collections. Steve pulls my hand away from my clit again, and he starts riding me harder and faster.  My asshole is being pummelled by Steves dick, my pussy which is pressed down on the desk is now being rubbed a little against it, I can feel my climax coming the sensations from my ass pummel pushes me over the edge and I am writhing under Steve now as my orgasm pulses through my pussy and my muscles contract and release.  Steve comes in my ass with his dick clenched tight by me.  He holds there for a moment as my climax and his ease away then he slips out.  He pulls up his pants and says Thanks as I  straighten up and start sorting out my dishevelled clothing.  He does up his zip and belt and is out the door without another word.  I make myself look as presentable as I can and with my very slippery thighs and tender holes I walk out of the lobby and building and head off home.
 
Later that night it hits me, the videos also contain the live date and are time stamped in the bottom right corner of the frame.  I realise that it means that I can check who was at my desk and sent the incriminating email to BCS that got me into this position with Steve in the first place.  I can prove that I didnt send it.  I just hope that Steve hasnt erased that evidence.

To be continued.