TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c JULY 2002 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this 
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, MC, M+/F, MF, Impreg, MM)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS 
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A 
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE 
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, 
OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL 
SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is another early draft done some 
years ago.  I did some quick clean up to post.  Enjoy!


TITLE: F.O.O.L.S.
AUTHOR:  C.D.E.

ABSTRACT: A husband finds out that being "Foolish" can 
be good for his marriage.
	
CAST:
Reginald - Husband
Rita - Wife
Dr. Richards

	Its 2:30 AM.  I'm awaken by the sound of a car 
pulling in my driveway and the flash of its headlights 
through the bedroom window.
	The lights go out.  There's silence.  After a few 
moments and not hearing the sound of a car door 
opening or closing, I lay still, but anxiously 
awaiting the next noise from the driveway.  I don't 
get up to investigate because I'm almost sure that 
it's my wife returning home.
	Almost 20 minutes later, I hear the familiar 
opening and closing of a car door and a few moments 
later, the sound of a key in the front door. Almost 
simultaneously, I hear the car start up and once again 
see the flash of light by the window as the auto 
leaves the driveway.
	I hear the muted footsteps approaching our 
bedroom.  I turn on a bedside lamp.  My wife enters 
the room carrying her high heels in one hand and her 
coat and some other garments in her other.
	"Hi honey."  I greet her in a low tone of voice, 
so as not to awaken the baby or our other two kids.
	She gently places her heels on the floor and 
throws the other apparel she's carrying in a nearby 
chair.  I make out that beside her coat, the bundle 
she was carrying also included her camisole, panties 
and nylons.  Things she was wearing when she left home 
earlier in the evening.
	She waves instead of replying to my greeting, she 
hurriedly comes over to my side of the bed.  She has a 
smile on her face.  In the dim light, I see her lips 
are puckered.  Having seen her this way before, I know 
she wants a kiss.  
	We kiss passionately, in an instant I feel her 
transferring the creamy fluids from her mouth to mine.  
Knowing what she desires, I don't resist but let my 
mouth fill with what is almost assuredly a load of 
semen freshly collected from the dick of the man who 
brought her home.
	As we break the kiss, for a brief moment, there 
are a couple of lingering ropey slimy strands between 
our mouths.
	"Hi darling, I just had to share some of Steve's 
cum with you.  He was nice enough to let me blow him 
in the driveway so I could bring it to you while it 
was still hot.  He likes the idea that I share so much 
with you."
	I say nothing in reply to her humiliating 
comment, but only watch as she undresses.  Even in the 
dim light cast by the small bedside lamp, the reddish 
outlines of big hand prints are clearly discernible on 
her shapely hourglass body, especially her ass, breast 
and back.
	"He and his two buddies, Leo and Wes, who we met 
later in the evening, also told me how lucky I am to 
have a husband that loves to share my experiences.  
They both said it really pleased them to know that 
you'd be tasting their left over jism in my pussy when 
you suck it for me tonight."	
	"Rita, I-I wish you wouldn't tell perfect 
strangers I do that for you.  You know I do it because 
I love you so a-and as part of the therapy."
	"Reginald darling, you can't blame me for being 
so much in love and so proud of the love of my husband 
that I want all the men that fuck me to know how 
wonderful you are to me."  My wife says as she slips 
in bed beside me and cuddles up close.  We wrap our 
arms around each other.
	It at this moment when my beautiful shapely wife 
is back in my arms that I can at last enjoy her soft 
supple bodily charms.  Even though she's used, with 
both her mouth and cunt coated with other men's sperm,  
I still feel that all the marriage counseling and 
therapy we've been through was worthwhile and has paid 
off.
	No longer do I feel the pang of worry that I 
can't hold onto her or that she will leave me for 
somebody who is better endowed than I.  You just don't 
know how comforting that is.
	"Oh Reggie darling, you're so good to come home 
too after I've been so thoroughly fucked.  Here feel 
my pussy darling.  Feel how slick and puffy it is."
	I let my wife guide my hand to her still very 
warm, but very damp cunt.  More accurately, it was 
still slimy.  Even, so it was still good to have the 
opportunity to touch and caress her even in the 
condition she's in.  Her swollen labia are very 
pronounced.
"Your hands feel so good because you're so gentle 
after the rough manly way they do it to me. The guys 
really did work me hard tonight in getting rid of 
their stiff dicks.  They really had me dripping there 
for a while.  I wished you could've been there to take 
care of that for us. However, I know you had to baby-
sit the kids tonight.  By the way, did Stephanie give 
you much trouble tonight?"  My wife was asking about 
our newest family addition, our 10-month-old daughter, 
whose biological father is the same man whose semen my 
wife shared with me earlier.
I answer my wife's question as well as give her a 
verbal rundown of my evening in the role of cook, 
nanny, and maid.  All the while doing so, I let my 
hands roam over her body, enjoying the pleasure that 
others had earlier in the evening. 
As I give her my verbal report, I anxiously 
capture one of her nipples, it's still somewhat erect, 
and I suckle it eagerly like a baby. Even though her 
tit has a dried substance splattered over it, which 
I'm certain is dried semen, it's still delightful for 
me to have its softness in my mouth.  As my wife moans 
due to my caresses, I move to the other tit and suckle 
it for a long while.
"Now Reggie darling, give me what I really need.  
Let me have your mouth on my pussy.  Here lay back 
dear, I want to ride your mouth tonight."  She says 
with a sense of urgency in her voice.
I flip over face up, like I've done so many times 
before and await the wet contact of her moist syrupy, 
jism coated and gamy cunt to cover my face.
"OH yes!,  Give me your tongue darling.  Show me 
you love me!"
Before, I get to work, I warn her not to make too 
much noise, which might wake the kids, especially the 
baby.
"Okay, okay, but get busy sucking my pussy, I 
need you honey.  I want to feel you sucking the juice 
out of my muff."
My wife slowly rotates and scrubs my face with 
her hairy, slightly squishy snatch.  I can tell she's 
enjoying herself as I supply the tongue power for her 
happiness.
Finally I get her off with my lips and tongue and 
sucking action. I hear her mute the cries of pleasure 
from the umpteenth orgasm she's had tonight.  As she 
slumps in the bed totally exhausted from a evening of 
intense sex, I feel very good because I gave her the 
final come of the night.
"That was so delightful as usual darling, I'm 
totally wiped out,  You always do that to me when we 
make love sweetie.  You're so good for me.  Goodnight 
honey." She said so sensuously.  Time she rolled over 
she was asleep.

I grabbed a tissue and slowly wiped the drying 
fuck and pussy juices from my face.  I also sipped a 
drink from the bedside table, which I'd intentionally 
placed there upon going to bed.	
As I lay back trying to get back to sleep since  
I have to go to work in a few hours, I'm fighting the 
erection I have. It's aching and palpitating and not 
contributing to me getting back to sleep easily. 

However, I know I have to endure this condition for the
good of our marriage.

Again, as  I try to fall back to sleep, I think 
back to the way it was before we took the therapy that 
saved our marriage and enabled me to not have the 
worriation of having a wife that was not pleased at my 
sexual capabilities as a husband.

It all started about six months after we were 
married.  It was then that I first noticed that my 
wife was making frequent comments about my sexual 
equipment and the fact that it was taking me longer to 
get her off.  I found it difficult to last longer than 
the four minutes in her hot juicy cunt.  It seemed 
that even with my mouth action, that is after my four 
minutes of humping glory, she still wanted more.
Our seemingly perfect marriage was becoming 
stranded because of my sexual inadequacies. 
Rita was not a virgin before we married, however, 
she wanted us to save ourselves for each other until 
our wedding night.  
I was a bit puzzled by this, but she insisted on 
not letting me have some until we were wed.  However, 
after I put a ring on her hand and we became engaged, 
she did let me go down on her delectable pussy.  I 
became hooked from the first time I slipped my tongue 
in her warm wet gash.
Even though I'd had sex with a girl before, but 
for all practical purposes I was a virgin.  You see, 
just as I was about to put it in the teenage girl I 
was about to get some from, I lost my load.  The sight 
of her bush and tits forming that lovely triangular 
sight as you look up toward her tits and cunt, was 
just too much for me.
My date laughed at me.  She was rather 
experienced for 16.  But to save the night for both of 
us, and now I think back on things it probably was 
more for her benefit, she guided my head to her warm 
pussy and had me lick her to an orgasm. Even though I 
ended up licking up a bit of my cum that sprayed on 
her bush, eating her juicy warm cunt was not a bad 
experience.  However, that was my first and last 
serious sexual experience until meeting Rita.
Rita and I have been though 3 trial separations.  
Each time we reconciled and got back together. I've 
always sweated if I could win her back each time. I 
did.  Even though each time she came back home she was 
pregnant by one of her old boyfriends, I still 
welcomed her back with open arms.  The last separation 
was almost 18 months ago.  She returned inseminated 
with our baby daughter, Stephanie.
The only good thing about these trial separations 
is that they tend to only last a few months.  I'm 
always glad that my wife comes back home to me, even 
if she's pregnant and wants to have the other man's 
baby.
Fearing it would cause her to become upset or at 
worse, leave again, I generally say very little except 
ask what decor does she desire for the baby's room.
The three children we have were all added to our 
family in this manner.  They are each about 18 months 
apart in age.  Based on this Information, when our 
youngest daughter reached about nine months, I was 
fearful that Rita would get the urge to go through 
another trial separation, as this fit the pattern over 
the last few years.  I wanted to prevent this if at 
all possible.
Rita and I talked about our marital problems as 
well as the need to have her own space from time to 
time.
Rita and I both had talked to her mom about our 
situation.  Her Mom called me and gave us the name of 
a marriage counselor, who was a high school friend of 
hers.  The counselor was a Dr. John Richards.	

THE FOCUS ON ORAL LOVE STRATEGY THERAPY

It was Dr. Richards that put my marriage back on 
tract with his Focus On Oral Love Strategy Therapy.  
For short, it's called F.O.O.L.S Therapy, or more 
commonly FOOLS.
	"The FOOLS approach is perfect for your 
situation, Reginald." The doctor told me upon my first 
visit.
	"You see the FOOLS Therapy permits the wife to 
have outside lovers and for the husband, since  you're 
so much less endowed than her lovers, to use the FOOLS 
therapy to strengthen your marital bonds."
	I listened intently at Dr. Richards.
He went on to say that what I currently do is 
best for my wife.  Me performing oral sex on her 
constitutes the way we should have sex together.  That 
is, at least until I can pass the 200 stroke test, but 
I'll talk about that later.
	But for now, all he encouraged me to do was to do 
is lick and suck her pussy for her when we have sex.  
My wife is really happy about me doing that for her, 
especially when she comes home with her cunt freshly 
fucked by one or more of her lovers or some other man 
or men.  She's also admitted to doing a few gangbangs 
for pleasure too.  You see that's also allowed under 
FOOLS.
	"Reginald, you know the rules.  If you 
accidentally come, you must start the timetable all 
over again, no matter that you accidentally came in 
your shorts.  It doesn't matter if the sight of your 
wife's charms were the cause or some other cause.  You 
still must go six months under supervised masturbation 
before you are permitted to do so on your on.  No 
exceptions!  Understand!"
	"Y-Yes Dr. Richards, w-whatever you say.  B-But I 
just c-can't seem to help it sometimes when I-I some 
intimate with her."
	"That maybe true Reginald, but we are trying to 
build up your stamina here and there is no other way.  
You still are not to try putting it in until you go 
through the full year of stroke exercises and 
training, otherwise you haven't given the FOOLS 
Therapy a chance.  And you do want to be a good FOOL 
husband, don't you?"
	"W-Well y-yes I want to make sure it all worked 
out b-but..,"
	"No buts Reginald, your goal should be to be a 
perfect FOOLS patient ,nothing less.  Now say you want 
to be a good FOOL.  It'll be good way to build your 
confidence."
	"I-I want t-to b-be a g-good FOOL."
	"Good!  Again!"
	"I want to b-be a g-good FOOL."
	"Good, but with a bit more conviction this time 
Reginald."
	"I WANT TO BE A GOOD FOOL!"
	I repeated the phrase for Dr. Richards several 
more times until he thought I sounded sincere.  I have 
to hand it to him, I said it so much that I could hear 
it echoing in my head as I left his office.  I have to 
admit it did help me stay more determined to work with 
my wife to make the FOOLS therapy a success for me.  
It already seemed to be working quite well for my 
wife.
	My wife has let me know so many times how good it 
is to have me sucking other "men's fuck" out of her 
wet gooey pussy. "Darling, I know you love me each 
time I hold your head to my crotch and hear you 
slurping up what the fellows worked so hard to fill me 
up with.  They please me and you do it even better, 
cause you do for me by your sucking what they never 
could do.  I really am thankful for Dr. Richards and 
his FOOLS Therapy.  I'm also glad that you're man 
enough to do the right thing and became a good FOOL 
husband, because it sure has improved our marriage a 
thousand percent."
		Being a FOOL husband means knowing your 
responsibilities in relation to those of your wife's 
other sexual partners, that is the one who are 
permitted to have coitus with her.
	The responsibilities are pretty clear.  They are to use their 
endowments to fuck her and I to give her pleasure they can't by 
sucking her cunt after they've finished with her.
	Dr. Richards  has told me often how lucky I am to be able to 
save my marriage this way.
	At first I thought I was being humiliated by being the clean 
up man, but the more I see how happy my wife is as I put my mouth 
on her red, raw and inflamed sperm soaked snatch, I have come to 
accept, adapt, and find the pride Dr. Richards said I would find 
in carrying out my share of responsibility in the FOOLS Therapy.
	Dr. Richards has also encouraged me to go with my wife as she 
meets with her various fuck studs, especially when there is going 
to be what they call a "gang" meeting.  My wife always told me 
that whenever they have such meeting, they have a "bang up" good 
time.  I heard one of her partners refer to it as a "gang bang".
	However, Dr. Richards gave my wife some pills for me to take 
so as to reduce my nervousness and anxiety as I attended them with 
her. For a few months she never told me about them, just put them 
in my coffee or other drinks before I went with her to these "gang 
bangs".
	The pills apparently worked. My nervousness went away and I 
felt mellow and at ease as I watched her have sex with her various 
partners.
	To not feel left out, my wife had her sex partners invite me 
to participate. To my surprise, I felt comfortable in helping out. 
Besides inviting me to keep her cunt from getting too slimy, 
sloppy and mucky from all the hot semen they shot deep in her, the 
studs also invited me to lick their dicks clean after each fucked 
her.
	The men praised me at how well I kept her pussy freshened up 
for them.  I'm also sure it was the pills, but I didn't feel the 
least bit humiliated at their praise.  And so as to not feel left 
out while one set of men had their dicks in my wife, the others, 
at her suggestion, had me licking their cocks and balls and to act 
as a "fluffer".
	That's a new term I learned. It means to help the men get 
properly prepared to fuck my wife again.  In other words, besides 
cleaning their dicks with my tongue, I would suck them up hard 
again so that they could completely empty their balls and give her 
their last loads of jism.
	After the last of the 8 men had left the room, I had my head 
buried in my wife's gamy sloppy messy crotch, fulfilling my last 
responsibility for her that evening as I diligently sucked and 
slurped her bruised, but well fucked pussy lips.  As Usual, she 
had that Mona Lisa smile on her face as I glanced up occasionally 
to steal a peep at her face through her slime coated plastered 
muff bushy pubic hairs twat surrounded my face.
I really felt blessed to be able to do what I was doing to 
provide my wife the love and pleasure I was at that moment.  It 
was so good to know that my wife would be going home with me and 
not have to worry about her leaving or being stolen away by 
another man, because he's better endowed or more handsome than me.  
And it was all due to me following Dr. Richards's instructions and 
adhering to my set of responsibilities under the Husband's FOOLS 
program.  Me being a FOOL Husband has really paid off by helping 
me keep my wife.
I don't need the pills anymore.  As Dr. Richards had told my 
wife, after a while the drug in the pills would condition me to be 
comfortable around her studs without me being given the drug.
When my wife revealed the good news that I didn't need the pills 
anymore, my first reaction was that it was underhanded and 
outright trickery to drug me without my knowledge.  However, I had 
to admit that my wife was right.  The drug had helped me be a 
better FOOL than had I not been give them.  Besides, it was a moot 
point now that I'd been conditioned to accompany her to her 
various "gang bangs" and "train pulls".  If nothing else, I've 
learned many new street terms for group sex.
Another thing, even though my wife has had other men's 
babies, and may have others in the future, she has not expressed any desire to leave me. Dr. Richards told me 
that would be the case, and I must admit that too has pleased me 
so much.
My wife has been very supportive also of my 
failures with the Stroke Stamina Building Regime .  
Just listen at what she told me the other day.
"Darling, don't fret about not being able to do 
so well on the Stroke Stamina Building Regime he has 
you on.  After seven years, you get to put it in by 
default."  My wife was trying to console me.  I 
thought  that was nice of her.
And to further take the fire out of men getting the urge to 
steal her from me while she's pregnant with their babies and 
emotionally vulnerable, Dr. Richards' suggestion that I suck the 
men's dicks for them during this time.  It seems to have really 
worked.  Not one has been successful in influencing my wife to 
leave me when she was swollen up with their baby.
	As you can see, it's a lot of work being a FOOL husband,  
not to mention: being a Daddy to other men's babies my wife has 
had by them; having my lips stretched to the limit by the big 
dicks of my wife's studs; and also sucking down a lot of hot gooey 
jism from all the abundant loads they spurt. However, all in all, 
I've come to  believe it's worth it to be able to keep my 
beautiful wife and to have a harmonious marriage.  Don't you 
think?

####END#####

Cmts?  ccwriter@hotmail.com 
All my stories are archived at www.asstr.org. Click on "Authors", 
then click on "C.D.E.", then click "FTP".

