For what seemed like eternity, Faramir and Aragorn lay on their sides, wrapped in a lazy sated embrace. Caressing each other with habitual fondness, murmuring in low voices some gentle words Éowyn could not discern. So cosy and at ease, so accustomed to each other. She began to seethe all over again, despite all her resolve to the contrary. 

She had done right to bide her time and learn more – for example, how ingrained this little practice clearly was. Not that she was made happier for the knowledge, yet having been raised among men of war, the few recent years of peace had not made her forget that blissful ignorance was the most dangerous position of all.

So she watched closer yet. Interestingly enough, even now that their passion had subsided, she could detect not one hint of contrition or a disquiet consciousness between them. Both men appeared entirely aware of and at peace with what they were doing. But if that were so, and yet Faramir had never told her, never alluded in any way – why? Did he, perhaps not altogether unreasonably, not trust her to not go on a slaying rampage – or was it simply that he considered this his private life, more private even than his bond with her?

These were unhelpful thoughts. Inaction was not good for her, it led to overthinking, to winding herself up. For now, she should focus on getting her dividends – as soon as the men would oblige.

The heaviness of her long sword was getting increasingly bothersome. Éowyn was loathe to take it back to her room, strangely certain this time they would hear her as much as make a step. Leaning the blade against the wall was not an option either, lest it should slip and fall with a clang – not to mention the illogical reassurance she found in holding the sharpened steel. So eventually Éowyn only dared lower its point to the floor, to both relieve her muscles and rest her own weight on the weapon. 

There was another unignorable source of irritation, one she could do nothing to alleviate.

The last month of spring had already begun, and by day, especially out in the sun, it felt almost like summer. Nighttime in a bare stone corridor was a different story. All the more so for someone unshod and attired in naught but impractical, husband-pleasing undergarments. The air coming through the door crack told Éowyn the men had a mellow warmth to bask in – yet little of it passed into her dark corner. 

Her hair was still damp, her nipples had contracted so much it hurt, and she was beginning to shiver. 

She forced another long, slow breath. Steady. To allow her anger work itself up would bring no benefit, only the opposite. If she wanted to enjoy herself, she had to be in the appropriate mood. The lashing icy rain she had recently endured had hardly bothered her, so why mind a little chill now? 

She knew why, of course: the weather, she had chosen to face. This discomfort she had to put up with now was no inconvenience of her own doing. Had it not been for the King in her man’s bed, it was she who would have now been snuggling to Faramir, his strong arms around her, his fingers idly twirling her loose tresses. She would have been without a care in the world. 

Here she stood instead, outmatched and pathetic in her eagerness to watch another make love to her husband – and, on top of it, she was cold. As though Aragorn himself had come and shoved her out of Faramir’s warm bed.

Ah, finally. 

Even from her hiding place, she sensed a tangible change in the air. The men were still holding each other peacefully, but she could tell their kiss was no longer leisured. Then Faramir slung his leg over Aragorn’s hip, and with a chuckle the King rolled them over to reassume his position atop the Steward.

Éowyn allowed herself a smile. A pleasant reprieve from all her brooding had arrived at last, and she would make the most of it. She would not cut corners this time, and the payback would be tenfold.

As Éowyn softly caressed herself through the thin silk, she observed with a grin how Faramir ventured to once more knead Aragorn’s rump – this time, it seemed, quite… well, disrespectfully. Aragorn apparently thought as much, for, although with a good-natured laugh, he reached behind himself and swatted at the younger man’s hands. The King then murmured something she could not quite make out, although the pointedly provocative note in his voice made his intentions clear enough. Faramir, obediently removing his palms to his lover’s upper back, replied with a delighted laugh – followed by a deep, open-mouthed kiss.

For some time they lay pressing their bodies together, sighing and arching into each other’s touch – and Éowyn stood stroking with diligent slowness, firmly resisting the temptation to speed things up. Her thighs, yearning in vain to part for a man’s narrow hips and cradle them with all her rider’s strength, were beginning to strain against each other, the muscles in her legs and buttocks flexing to a rhythm. Want was gradually building up in her body, and Éowyn nodded with satisfaction. Yes, just like this: she would not lag behind nor rush ahead, she would pace the race. 

“Let me prepare you,” Faramir said, his voice unnervingly casual. Éowyn frowned. Prepare for what, were they not already…?

Aragorn had no trouble understanding. Swiftly he sat up, reached for something on the bedside table and, when he passed the object to Faramir, Éowyn saw it to be a clear glass bottle with a pale transparent liquid inside. Before she could wonder what that was all about, her attention was demanded elsewhere. As Aragorn had turned to the younger man, Éowyn finally got a view of what the King so successfully used to bring his lucky lover bodily joy.