Ffion's summer camp - extra chapters
by EthanDalton123 

I woke up the following morning shivering. It took me a few seconds to realise why I was in an unfamiliar bed, wearing nothing at all and wrapped in a damp bedsheet.

Looking around, I jumped when I saw half a dozen boys stood over me, staring.

Not wanting to think about how long they had been watching me sleep, I groggily sat up, clutching the white sheet to my chest.

"Err...hi, guys," I smiled weakly, regretting not taking their offer the previous night. "Any chance I could have my clothes back now?"

I swung my legs around and off the bed, but the appearance of my small, bare feet only seemed to excite them more.

"Come on, guys, leave her alone!"

Adam walked over, and I was delighted to see a bundle of clothes in his arms. A surprisingly large bundle. I guess he'd stolen more of my clothes than I thought.

The disappointment on his friends faces was evident; they clearly wanted to keep their beautiful, blonde activity leader without clothing for as long as possible.

But being wrapped only in a thin bedsheet in front of half a dozen boys had set my heart racing again (what was wrong with me?!) and I once again wasn't thinking clearly.

"Adam, come here," I beckoning him over. I leaned forward and whispered into his ear.

"You've been so clever with your pranks, but haven't pushed your boundaries. I think you've earned your reward. Tell your friends to leave and I'll give you what you want."

"Y-you...you m-mean I c-can...?" he was more flustered than I had been at any point during our feud.

"Yes. But only if you promise to stop pranking me."

"D-deal," he answered, without a moments hesitation.

Adam was immediately business-like. He dropped the pile of clothes she chivvied his friends towards the door.

"OK, guys, time for breakfast!"

"Wait, what about-?"

"Don't worry, I've got something else planned," he winked at them, locking the door as they exited.

Silence fell over the room as he paused.

"Adam?" I asked. "You OK?"

"Yeah," he croaked. "I've imagined this, I just never thought..."

Pulling himself together, he walked back over and positioned himself in front of me, eyes already lasered onto my chest.

My clothes where lying right there. I only had to bend down, pull them on and walk out the door. My hands opens and the sheet fell onto my lap.

*****

For a long time, the boy simply stared. Committing to memory every curve, the shape of my areolas, the way my nipples stiffened in the coolness of the cabin.

Slowly, very slowly, Adam raised him arms and delicately places his hands on my boobs. I flinched at his cold touch, but his hands remained firmly placed.

They were overflowing. There was too much breast for two small hands to envelop.

I don't know how long we stayed in that position. Naked girl sat on the bed, young boy holding her breasts.

Without warning, he squeezed, hard.

"Did...did u hurt you?" Adam asked, genuinely concerned, as I gasped.

"No!" I giggled, amused by his naivety.

Carefully and meticulously, Adam squeezed, poked, pushed, pulled and prodded my boobs into all sort of directions, clearly ticking things off a mental checklist.

My stomach rumbled, but I didn't protest. We were both enjoying this far too much. My breathing had become ragged, and Adam was enjoying my chest heaving into his hands.

At long last, Adam was finished. One last twist, and he released.

"Thank you very much, Ffion," he said, looking me in the eyes for the first time since our session started. "You have very nice boobs. I have deleted all the footage of you that we have, and all your clothes are here," he pointed.

"So what did you think?" I asked him, standing up and pulling on the nearest pair of panties.

"They're big and squishy!" he said, politely averting his eyes.

"Yes, I suppose they are!" I chuckled, noticing that Adam wasn't interested in seeing my pussy, and that I didn't feel embarrassed to be naked in front of him...or maybe that was just the adrenaline racing through my horny body.

"I think you should go, Adam," I suggested, pulling on a t-shirt. "It wouldn't look good if we were seen leaving together."

"OK," he said, turning around to face me again. "Bye, bye, Ffion's boobs," he smiled, heading towards the door with a spring in his step.

I watched him go, socks in my hands. It felt strange to have given a kid his first sexual encounter, but there was a warm glow inside me when it occurred to me that Adam's scheming and desperation to see me naked was his way of paying my a compliment, and that he would always be tinged with disappointment at every other breast he saw.

*****

Double checking that I hadn't left a stray sock or bra behind, I awkwardly sidled out of the door. Fortunately, the camp was quiet at the moment, so I was able to hurry back to my cabin without being spotted.

Dumping my bundle onto my bed, I dropped onto the toilet to relieve myself, having been holding back a pee since early in Adam's exploration.

I had missed breakfast, so knew I would have to wait a few hours to please my complaining stomach. I would also surely be missed, so had no time to satisfy my aching loins.

I brushed my blonde hair, and slapped on the usual makeup to make myself presentable and went to find my group.

My bare skin tingled in the cool breeze. I felt like a new person.


