Sabine's Summer
bySabineteas

Sabine had just finished her second year of college and was off for the summer. Because her parents did not have a lot of money she had to find a job, which she did, at a local office.

After she had been there a couple of weeks she heard some of the other women talking about the boss. It seems that he had been offering some of the women $500 to undress in front of him. But he had not offered this to Sabine.

At first she was glad. She did not want to have to say no to him, but wasn't sure that she would be able to say yes, even that she wanted to say yes. Sabine was not innocent, she had had several boy friends and knew what men wanted, even had let some of them do some things. She wasn't a virgin, but had only had sex twice.

But, after another couple of weeks, while the thought of him asking her for that had gotten rather exciting to her, she came up with a plan.

There were times where some of the women had to work late and she volunteered for one of those nights. She had checked out an area away from the office and had brought some clothes that she had prepared at home.

She walked into the bosses office and closed the door.

"Mr. Adams, I have a question."

"Yes?"

"Why, when you asked some of the girls here to undress for money, you didn't ask me?"

Her boss was somewhat shocked by her forwardness.

"Uh, because you are rather young for me."

"Don't you think that I would have wanted the $500?"

"Well, I suppose you would have but I still wouldn't have asked you because of your age, Sabine."

"Well, I have thought about this Mr. Adams. I would like to make you an offer, but we need to go somewhere else."

Adams, a mid forties man was even more surprised but also now interested.

"Let me change clothes and we can go for a short drive."

Sabine left him sitting there and went to ladies room and changed into her prepared clothes, a t-shirt with the neck and hem cut through, a bra with the clasp ready to pull off and no straps, a pair of shorts with the button really loose and ready to pull off and panties with the waistband and leg holes cut almost all the way through. She held a long coat over her arm and went and got Adams.

"This won't take long Mr. Adams and I think that you will like it."

She led him to his car and directed him to a church near a city park. A large park with softball fields on one side, camping far into the park and some walkways on the other side from the softball fields.

It was almost dusk, but still light enough for him to see. They parked, got out of the car and Sabine led him into the park, along the furthest walkway. They walked a good way into the park, still light enough and Sabine stopped him, led him somewhat off the walkway and hung her long coat over a tree limb. Then she led him away from her coat. She stopped and turned to him.

"You may not have noticed, but my clothes have been slightly adjusted, Mr. Adams. If you would just grab the neckline of my shirt and pull, you'll see what I mean."

Adams looked at Sabine, not really getting it.

Sabine stepped up to him, took his hands, placed them on the neckline of her shirt...

"Pull."

He did finally and her shirt tore down the front and then he smiled.

"Push it off me."

He did and it slid down Sabine's arms and fell on the ground behind her. She shivered. Her coat was 75 feet away from her and she knew what she was going to allow him to do to her.

"Just get a good grip and pull, Mr. Adams."

He smirked at her, grabbed the front of her bra and yanked. The clasp let loose, pulling the hooks out and her boobs bounced out into the open, nipples hard. Adams tossed the bra away and gazed at her bare boobs.

"You don't have to pay me the $500. Go ahead."

Adams grabbed the waistband of her shorts and pulled hard. The button popped off and the zipper peeled open. The shorts were very loose and slithered down Sabine's legs to her ankles. She shivered again, in just her panties, and stepped out of the shorts. Adams didn't wait for an go ahead, he just grasped her panties and yanked. The waistband snapped, then both leg openings, leaving him with destroyed panties in one hand and Sabine bare ass naked.

Adams tossed the panties behind Sabine and gazed at her naked body. Now that everything had happened that she had planned, Sabine was having some second thoughts. She looked at him and noticed that he was smirking and she had to force herself not to cover up, to just stand there completely exposed.

"This could have been done at the office, at work, Sabine. Why did you want to come here?"

"Ah, the thought of you doing what you did, in the open, it, ah, made me feel, ah, excited."

His smirk, smile, got even wider.

"Slip your shoes off and come here, Sabine."

She shivered, looked down at the ground and toed off her shoes.

"Not too sure that you should have done this?"

"Ah, no, not right now."

"Come here."

Sabine walked up to Adams, only looking up at him when she had reached him. He still had a large smirk on his face. His left hand reached out and touched her shoulder and then slowly moved down, eventually closing over her right boob. Sabine gasped. Adams squeezed it, rubbing her nipple while his right hand slid across Sabine's left boob, down her belly and eased into her pubic hair. She began to breathe faster and her legs involuntarily moved apart.

Adams chuckled and slid his hand between her legs, cupping her pussy and then slipping his middle finger right up inside her pussy.

"I don't want..."

"Right now I don't care what you want, Sabine, and you certainly are right about being excited. You are dripping wet. You're not a virgin, are you?"

"Ah, no, no I am not..."

"Good, very good."

By now it was getting dark, just the lights of security lights along the walkway letting the two of them see anything.

"Now, I want to test how excited and obedient you can be, Sabine."

All the while moving his finger inside her.

"See that light pole down there?"

Sabine looked where Adams had indicated.

"Yessss."

"Walk down there and touch the pole, then walk back to me."

"I can't..."

"Yes you can, and I think you want to, Sabine. Go ahead and do it."

The light pole had to be at least 150 feet away. Sabine wanted to do it and didn't want to do it. Adams pulled his finger out of her, cupped both her boobs and squeezed them, rubbing his thumbs over her erect nipples, making her gasp again.

"Go on, Sabine, you know that you want to."

Sabine hesitantly turned towards the light pole, completely naked, outside, with her boss and began to walk. Adams chuckled. He watched his bare ass naked employee walk down the path, her ass moving, the ass crack clearly visible. He thought to himself, "I can't believe that she is actually doing this".

Then he gathered up the torn scraps of her clothes and her shoes and tossed them all into a large patch of brush slightly off the walkway. Then he faced Sabine and watched her walking, nude, a long way away from him. Adams did not really believe that Sabine would have done what she did, what she is now doing. It was a complete and total surprise to him, but one that he was really enjoying.

Adams watched Sabine walk up to the light pole, in a pool of light, and touch the pole, then turn and begin walking back to him. He still was chuckling as he observed the nude woman, seeing her boobs jiggle and bounce as she walked along. She finally arrived, shivering, slightly red-faced. Adams laughed.

"Come on."

He walked towards the exit and before that Sabine's coat. Sabine walked with him, naked, his right hand cupping and feeling her bare ass. She didn't tell him to stop.

When they arrived where she had hung her coat on a branch of a tree, Adams looked at her and smirked.

"Wait here."

Then he took her coat and walked off towards his car. Sabine stood there, surprised, shivering, nude. Would he come back for her? She didn't know for sure, was scared that he wouldn't and somewhat excited by what she was doing.

It seemed like it was forever, but Adams finally came back, without her coat.

"Let's go to the car, Sabine."

As Sabine walked alongside Adams, he casually reached down and over, cupping her bare ass and feeling it, from time to time running his fingers through her ass crack. The first time he did that she jumped and he chuckled. But she clenched her teeth and let him do what he wanted. It was arousing her.

They got to his Town Car and got into it. Adams turned on the car and then the interior lights.

"Show me your pussy."

Sabine felt her face heating, she knew that she was blushing, but there was something she wanted to tell him, needed to tell him. So...

"Ah, I want to ask you for something Mr. Adams. First of all, you don't have to give me anything for doing this. In a way, for me, it's better if I don't get any money or anything. And what I want you to to do is not refer to my parts like most people do. Call them tits. Call it my ass."

She swallowed. She looked down.

"Call it my, uh, cunt."

Adams burst out laughing. When he had calmed down, he reached over, pushed her face up so she had to look at him, and smirked.

"All right, Sabine, show me your cunt. Lean back against the door, put your feet up on the seat and let your knees fall apart. Let's see that cunt of yours."

Sabine moaned softly, closing her eyes and did as she was told. After she did it, she slowly lifted her ass off the seat and then opened her eyes, looking at Adams as he stared at her. She shuddered as she watched him extend his arm and thrust a finger up inside her. She gasped, but said nothing, just let him do it.

"Damn, girl, you are wet as hell!"

Adams worked his finger in and out of Sabine and to her horror, she felt her ass moving, pumping towards his knuckles. Adams laughed as she did this, watching her. After a few minutes of this, Adams removed his finger and turned off the interior lights. Then he drove off, back towards the office. But he couldn't resist a few words...

"Do you like being bare ass naked, Sabine?"

No answer came.

"Do you like it when I feel your tits?"

No answer.

"Do you like it when I feel your bare ass?"

No answer.

"Do you like it when I finger fuck your slut cunt, Sabine?"

Sabine whimpered, then...

"Yes, I do Mr. Adams."

At the underground parking garage, Adams parked and got out, motioning Sabine to get out of the car also. Adams stared at her, grinning.

"I like you naked Sabine. Get up on the trunk and show me your cunt again."

Sabine backed up to the trunk, used her arms to hoist her ass up on it and slowly spread her legs again.

"Christ you are wet! Pull your ass cheeks apart so I can see your asshole Sabine."

She did it, whimpering softly, but aroused by how nasty she was being, just because he wanted her do things.

"Your asshole is wet too Sabine. You must be leaking out of your cunt."

Sabine closed her eyes, not wanting to see him staring at her most intimate parts.

Finally Adams had her get off the car and had her walk up the three flights of stairs to the office floor. She was still naked, not knowing if the cleaners were in the building, not knowing if she was going to be caught bare ass. She was scared but aroused when she thought of being caught. Naked for Adams was one thing but having the cleaners see her, that was something altogether else for her.

As Sabine and Adams entered the office Sabine thought that she heard a vacuum cleaner running, but she wasn't sure. It made her stomach clench. Adams, instead of leading her to his office as she thought he would, led her to the conference room.

"Get up on the table, ass at the edge, feet up on it and beside your ass."

Nervously Sabine did as she was told.

"Close your eyes."

She did and heard the sound of a zipper. Then she felt something between her pussy lips, rubbing up and down them, initially somewhat soft but then getting firmer, harder. She moaned. As it rubbed downward it seemed to linger at her opening, teasing into it slightly, then back out. She thought that she knew what it was, Adams penis, but wasn't sure.

That went on for some time, then she heard the door to the conference room open, a gasp, and she looked to see a cleaning woman standing in the doorway with a shocked look on her face. Sabine gasped...

"Oh my God..."

And then Sabine felt the thing at her pussy reach her opening and forcefully slid up inside her, then jerked several times inside her.

"Oh no, God no, I am not on birth control!"

The door closed. Adams was grasping her hips and she knew for certain that his penis was deep inside her and that he had just cum inside her.

"Why did you do that?"

"I don't cum on women, I cum inside them."

"I am not on birth control. I could get pregnant."

"So?"

Sabine moaned and she felt him pull out of her, then a wetness trickle down between her ass cheeks.

"I told you that I didn't want sex, didn't I?"

"I don't think so, and it wasn't sex, I just put it in you. If I came it was involuntarily. Besides, you don't really think that I could watch you prance around in front of me naked without thinking that I could fuck you, did you?"

"Let me up."

Adams put himself away and stepped back.

"I need to go, I need to go now."

Sabine slid off the table and felt more of him slipping out and oozing down the inside of her thighs.

Adams smirked at her and let her go off, down the three flights of stairs to her car, following her, chuckling. She was still nude. She was not happy.

They reached his car.

"I need my coat."

Adams opened the trunk and got it for her, Sabine put it on and left for her car, sniffling, wondering if she was going to end up pregnant. Adams was completely pleased with himself.

Sabine drove home and played the entire evening over in her mind, calling herself stupid in her mind. She still felt more of him oozing out of her all the way home. Most of the night was spent awake, bemoaning how dumb she had been.

The next morning she debated going to work, but finally decided to go, dressed, make up on, nice clothes. She got to the office and worked hoping that the entire thing would be forgotten, but knew that it wouldn't.

Around 10AM, when most of the staff took their morning break, she was called and Adams asked her to come to his office. She didn't want to go, but she did. She was nervous and upset. But when she walked into his office, she was becoming somewhat excited once more.

"Close the door."

She did that and came to the front of his desk, sitting down in a chair. Adams looked at her, smirking again.

"Stand up."

Sabine did so.

"Take off your clothes."

Sabine swallowed nervously.

"I don't..."

"I don't really care what you don't Sabine. I've seen it all, I've been up that tight little cunt of yours and I want you to strip, right here, right now. I want you bare ass naked again and I want you to spread your legs so I can see that tight cunt and asshole of yours again. And if you don't, I've told Amy and Mary about last night and everything that happened and they would be completely happy to come in here and take your clothes off for you. I don't think that you want that to happen, do you?"

"NO!"

"Then strip. Everything off, even your shoes. I want you bare ass naked again, Sabine. And I am not going to pay you anything for it, no money, no extra days off, no perks of the job, just you getting naked for me, whenever I want, wherever I want. Because I want it and I think that you get off on it, don't you? Sabine, you are going to be my little naked employee for as long as you work here. And you are going to get off on it. I saw that in your eyes last night, that it turned you on, that you liked it. How wet that cunt of yours got without me even touching you showed that to me. Now strip, everything off, right now.

Sabine moaned softly, and her hands went to the top button on blouse, undoing it...


Sabine's Summer Ch. 02

Sabine's hands were shaking a bit as she undid her blouse in front of Mr. Adams. She wasn't absolutely sure that she wanted to do this after yesterday, but he was right, he had seen everything she had yesterday. And to her horror, she felt herself getting aroused. She felt her nipples harden, she felt her pussy begin to moisten, her panties beginning to stick to her pussy. She knew that she was getting wet.

When her blouse was undone, she pulled it out of her skirt and slowly removed it, not looking at Mr. Adams. She shouldn't be feeling embarrassed after what she had already done with him, but she was. She could feel her face heating up.

She folded her blouse neatly and laid it on the chair she had been sitting in. Then she undid and unzipped her skirt, pushed it down and let it slide down her legs to the floor. Shuddering a bit, Sabine bent and picked up the skirt, folded it and laid it on top of her blouse.

Then she pushed her pantyhose down and rolled them down and off, slipping off her shoes as she did. She began to fold up the pantyhose but...

"Hand them to me."

Sabine looked up, looked at Adams and then slowly moved her arm forward. Adams reached out, took the pantyhose from her and dropped them in his wastebasket. She shivered as she watched him do that.

Now in just bra and panties, Sabine wasn't sure how to proceed. Adams solved that little problem for her. He picked up his wastebasket and walked around the desk. He set the wastebasket down and leaned against the desk, crossing his arms. He smirked.

"I think the panties next. And drop them in the trash."

Sabine gulped and pushed her panties down off her hips, letting them slide down to the floor. She stepped out of them, picked them up and looked at Adams, then slowly, hesitantly, she dropped her best pair of panties in the trash. Almost involuntarily Sabine moved her feet apart, her lips would show better like that.

She reached behind her back and unhooked her bra, slipping it off her shoulders and down her arms and off. Adams snickered, pointed at the wastebasket and watched as Sabine dropped her best bra in the trash, standing bare ass in front of him. She was looking at Adams, seeing his smirk, he was staring at her and she watched as his eyes went down to her pussy. She felt her face get hotter

"Sit in the chair, ass at the edge."

Sabine did it, keeping her knees together.

"Now you little slut, legs over the chair arms"

Sabine moaned softly and slowly lifted her legs up and out, hooking them at the knees over the chair arms, knowing that in this position her pussy was totally in the open. She was completely nude and totally exposed. And she felt hot all over.

Adams leaned forward and reached towards her with both hands, grasping a boob in each, rubbing a thumb over each nipple.

"You little bitch, you nipples are hard as stone. Before I even touched you."

He laughed and looked down at her pussy. She had pubic hair, but it was sparse and really didn't hide anything on her.

"Now I want you to be a good girl Sabine, and good girls do what they are told, right?"

Sabine didn't answer.

"Reach down and pull that cunt of yours open Sabine."

She closed her eyes and did it.

Adams laughed again.

"Do you know that you are so wet strings of juice connect your cunt lips together?"

Sabine swallowed and whimpered. She was not used to this at all. It was humiliating to be talked about like this. And Adams did not seem to care.

"OK, now get up and get your ass on the edge of the desk, legs spread."

Sabine hesitantly did it and looked at Adams. He smirked at her. Then he unzipped and flopped his penis out. It was hard and veiny. Adams stepped up between her legs and slowly slid up inside her. Sabine gasped and looked down, seeing his pants pressed up against her pussy, the hot, hard bar of flesh stuffed inside her.

"I'm not on birth control."

"I know, you told me last night, and I don't really care. And you like it, don't you?"

"I, ah, ah, I, ah, God, yes, yes, I like it."

"Look down, Sabine."

Sabine looked down again, seeing Adams pulling back, a thick bar of flesh easing out of her pussy, then pushing back up inside her.

"Oh God, oh my God..."

"What is that, Sabine?"

"Y-y-your penis.."

"No Sabine, it's my cock. Say it."

"Y-your cock?"

"Yes, and where is my cock?"

"Ah, uh, in my pussy?"

"No Sabine, my cock is in your cunt. Say it."

"Y-y-your cock is in my cunt.."

"And what is my cock doing in your cunt, Sabine?"

"It's f-ffucking me.."

"Good girl, it is fucking you. Do you want my cock to fuck you, fuck your tight, little cunt?"

All the while Adams had been slowly withdrawing and pushing back up inside Sabine. She noticed how slick, glistening wet he was. She realized how wet her pussy was. How aroused she was. How she was totally naked, impaled on Adams, not protesting. He didn't have a condom on, he was bare, if he kept going he was going to cum inside her again, the second time in 12 hours. And she had no protection.

"Yes, Mr. Adams, I want you to fuck me."

"Well, there isn't enough time right now, Sabine. Your break is almost over. And you aren't going to get any exceptions from your break time. So, come over here."

Adams pulled out of her, went behind his desk and sat down. Sabine followed him.

"Bend over and clean me off, Sabine."

She looked around for tissues or something.

"No stupid, with your mouth and tongue."

As noted before, Sabine was not a virgin, but she was very inexperienced. She had never done oral sex before. She had had sex twice, both times in the dark, not ever seeing a penis, she had touched one, wrapped her fingers around one, but never had seen one, just felt one. Now she was seeing an erect penis for the first time. Sabine tenatively bent over. Adams grasped a tit and squeezed.

"Lick it at the base first, Sabine."

Sabine hesitantly put out her tongue and lapped at it, it rubbed against her cheek as she licked it. She could taste herself. It wasn't too bad, she thought. She licked around it and began to work her way up the shaft, marveling at how hard it was, how hot it felt.

"Good enough, now take it in your mouth and suck on it."

All the while Adams was squeezing her tit, thumbing her erect nipple, arousing her more than ever. She lifted a bit and opened her mouth, lowering it down over the head and sucking on it.

"Move your head up and down, fuck it with your mouth."

And Sabine did. Nude, a tit being fondled, sucking Adams' cock. She did this for a bit and then...

"I'll teach you how to be a good little cocksucker, Sabine. I'll teach you how to be a dirty little whore. Enough sucking. When lunch comes, come back here. As soon as you get in my office, strip, it won't take you long, since all you'll have on is your blouse and skirt. And then you can decide if I should fuck you or let you suck me off. If you want to be fucked, understand that I will cum inside you, Sabine. If you want to suck me off, I am going to cum in your mouth and you will swallow it. If you go for the fuck, understand that at some time you will be sucking me until I shoot in your mouth. You are going to be a dirty fucking whore for me for the rest of the summer. I am going to see you naked a lot, Sabine. I am going to spend a lot of time with my cock up your cunt. I am going to cum inside you a lot. You are going to suck me a lot. I am going to cum in your mouth. You will swallow cum. And maybe, just maybe, I am going to fuck you up the ass. Won't that be a lot of fun?"

Sabine was looking at him, a sinking feeling in her stomach, thinking that something she had fantasized about, then acted on, might turn out to be a nightmare. Or it might be a lot of erotic fun. Except for the part about her ass. That she was definitely not sure about.

Sabine looked at her underwear in the trash and sighed. She put on her blouse first, letting Adams still have a view of her pussy, at least for a while longer, then put on her skirt. It was short. Way too short for someone who didn't have panties on. Adams looked her up and down and chuckled. The blouse was white and her nipples and aeroles were plainly visible.

"Look at your nipples, Sabine."

Sabine looked down, moaned softly. She had most of the day to go, Adams would not let her go, she knew that. Making her stay at work when she looked like this would be something that he would enjoy. How was she going to face the others at work?

She hurried to her workstation, hoping that no one would stop by. She tried to concentrate on work, but the lack of clothes, the fear that someone would stop by to see her and see what she looked like and the command to return to Adams office at noon was all she could think of. Sabine certainly couldn't keep her mind on work.

Then it happened. Amy, one of the girls that Adams had threatened her with earlier walked up. She looked at Sabine and burst out laughing.

"Did you get the $500?"

Sabine turned red and said nothing.

"You got naked for him for nothing?"

Sabine still didn't say anything. Amy laughed again.

"How much else did you do, dummy? Spread your legs for him? Let him feel you up?"

"Oh, shut up Amy."

"Sabine is just a little bitch, isn't she? Getting naked for him get you all hot and bothered? You should probably let him fuck you. I did him once years ago. Once. I was drunk. He had a nice dick. You'd like his dick, Sabine. Except for one thing, he won't use a condom."

Any reached over and undid the top two buttons on Sabine's blouse. She looked at her again and giggled.

"Show a little cleavage for him and he'll be pretty happy."

Sabine did not tell her about what was going to happen over lunch, if she did it. She was starting to think that it might be a really bad idea. Even so, thinking about what Adams had told her she was supposed to do, it was arousing her just thinking about it.

"Christ, Sabine, your nipples really stick out through that blouse. You should probably go home over lunch and change it for something thicker. Or put on a bra."

Sabine couldn't tell her that her bra was in the trash in Adams' office. She just couldn't tell her that.

Amy finally left her alone and Sabine struggled through work until the other girls got up for lunch. Mary was the one who stayed to answer the phones over lunch. Sabine sat for a bit to be sure everyone else was gone and then she got up and walked back to Adams' office. She walked in, closed the door, undid her blouse, slipped it off and dropped it on the floor. Then she undid and unzipped her skirt, pushed it down a bit and let it slide over her hips and down her legs, stepping out of it. Adams chuckled. Sabine walked, nude except for shoes, around his desk. She turned his chair to face her, knelt, reached out, unzipped his pants and reached into them. She could feel his penis hardening. She took it out and looked at it. Then she looked up at Adams.

"If you want I'll suck it a bit and then if you want you can fuck me, Mr. Adams."

He chuckled again.

"You know that I won't wear a condom, right? That if I fuck you, I am cumming inside you?"

"Yes, I know Mr. Adams. You can do what you want with me."

Adams chuckled again and put his hand on the top of her head.

"Well, get busy then Sabine. Time for you to get some more cocksucking practice."

Adams pushed her head down and Sabine just opened her mouth and took the head of his penis in. She began to bob her head up and down while sucking. She kind of liked it.

Eventually though, Adams pulled her off his penis and lifted her up.聽

"Ass on the edge of my desk, Sabine, legs wide open."

Sabine kicked off her shoes so she was totally naked, lifted her ass up so she was sitting right on the edge of the desk, spread her legs as wide as she could and looked down.

She watched Adams grasp his penis.

"What is this Sabine?"

"A penis."

"No Sabine, it's a cock. Say it."

"It's a cock."

"I know that you are thinking that it is penis in your head, but you will start thinking that it is a cock instead and you will never say penis to me again, understand?"

"Yes, Mr. Adams."

"Where is my cock going Sabine?"

"You're going to stick it in my, ah, ah God, in my cunt."

"That's right Sabine. I'm going to stick my hard cock in your tight cunt and fuck you with it, until I cum right up inside your cunt. And I think I am going to cum quite a lot. So get ready to have cum running down your leg for the rest of the day."

Adams then placed the tip at Sabine's hole and slowly pushed his cock right up inside her. Sabine moaned softly. It really felt good. And then Adams started pumping it in and out of her. And Sabine braced her arms so she could look down and see his cock sliding in and out of her. It fascinated her to watch that. Her breathing got faster, almost panting, and she kept staring at the cock that was impaling her.

"Mr. Adams..."

"Yes."

"Grab my tits. Grab them and squeeze them while you fuck my cunt...please sir."

Adams chuckled again and grabbed her tits roughly. Sabine watched him fuck her. He lasted longer than her boyfriend, the only other man who had fucked her before today, but not much longer. She could feel his cock getting stiffer inside her, then she felt it jerk and she knew that her unprotected cunt was getting pumped full of his cum. Adams shoved it into her as far as he could while he was cumming. When he finished he tilted her head up so Sabine was looking at him.

"Time for some more cocksucking practice Sabine. And not only are you going to taste cunt, but you are going to taste cum too."

Adams pulled out of her, sat down and pointed in front of him. Sabine got off the desk, feeling cum oozing out of her and knelt again. She lowered her head and opened her mouth. His softening cock went in her mouth and she began to suck and bob her head up and down.

"Good girl."


Sabine's Summer Ch. 03

Sabine was naked, on her knees behind Mr. Adams desk, sucking. She couldn't see what he was doing as her eyes were down but she could hear him.

"Brad, are you here for the 1PM?'

"Good, good. Why don't you come down to my office."

Sabine lifted her head up and saw that Mr. Adams was on his cell phone. She felt her stomach sink.

"Mr. Adams, no, please no."

"Shut up Sabine. You let me rip your clothes off last night and you stripped this morning and just a bit ago. You as much as admitted to me that getting naked is a turn on for you. So another man seeing you bare ass should be just as arousing for you. Now just get on your hands and knees so he can't see you when he comes in and keep your mouth shut."

Sabine did as she was told. Adams put his cock away, it was slick with spit and half hard. He leaned forward and looked towards Sabine's ass.

"Move your knees further apart. I want your cunt in plain sight."

Sabine moaned to herself, but she did move her knees further apart.

In a couple of minutes there was a knock on the door. Sabine's stomach clenched because she knew what was going to happen.

"Come in."

Sabine heard the door open and maybe footsteps, she wasn't sure but she was awfully nervous and feeling humiliated.

"What's with the skirt on the floor?"

"Come over here and you'll see."

Sabine heard footsteps now and hung her head down to try and keep her face out of sight.

"Shit! Who is she?"

"One of my employees. For the summer."

"What do you have on her?"

"Nothing really, she likes to be naked."

"Don't bs me."

"Tell him Sabine."

"Ah, yes, I like, ah, to be, ah, naked."

She heard the man behind her laughing. It made her even more embarrassed and humiliated.

"Tell him why your cunt looks so wet, Sabine."

"Ah God. It's, it's, God, it's cum."

"You fucked her?"

"Yeah, I did."

"Sabine, tell him how many times you've been fucked."

Sabine let out a soft moan.

"Th-three."

"So I was the third fuck you've ever had?"

"Y-y-yes."

"What did I tell you to do when you came in here at noon?"

"Y-you told m-me to take off my clothes."

"Did I have to threaten you in any way?"

"N-n-no."

"So you just walked in here and stripped?"

"Y-y-yes."

"Then what?"

"Y-y-you had me s-s-suck you."

"Had you ever sucked cock before?"

"N-n-no."

"And then what?"

"Y-y-you fucked me."

"If I asked you would you let Brad fuck you?"

"I don't know."

"How about if he just stuck it in you, would you tell him to stop?"

"I don't know."

"Well, it's getting close to the time that you have to go back to work Sabine, so why don't you turn around and let Brad see your face."

Sabine moaned softly again, but she turned around, tits dangling below her chest and lifted her head up, looking at Brad.

"Notice how stiff her nipples are, Brad. You don't even have to touch them and they get hard on her. Isn't that right Sabine?"

"Yes."

Sabine had sort of calmed down and was able to talk without stuttering now.

"Brad, she has the tightest cunt I have ever had."

Sabine's face turned bright red.

"Stand up and let Brad have a good look at you, Sabine."

She did, getting to her feet, her arms at her sides, not covering up at all. But she did not look at Brad, she stared off to the side.

"Turn around Sabine and show Brad your nice, fat ass."

Sabine moaned softly. But she did turn and let Brad see her ass.

"Now Sabine, put your skirt on the chair in front of the desk, turn it to face Brad and sit on it."

She did.

"Good girl. Now, spread your legs."

She did that also.

"Good girl, now reach down, pull your cunt lips apart and show Brad your fuck hole."

Sabine moaned softly, but she did as Adams told her.

"That is a tight little cunt, Brad. Believe me. I've had my dick up it and know that for a fact. Why does your cunt look so wet Sabine?"

"Because you came in me."

"And because you were sloppy wet before I even fucked you, right?"

"I was wet, yes."

"Seen enough of the cunt, Brad?"

"Not really but I will get to see again, won't I?"

"Perhaps, Brad, perhaps.

"Would you like to show Brad your body again, especially that tight cunt of yours Sabine?"

"No sir, I would prefer not to."

"We'll see Sabine. Now get dressed and get back to work."

"Can I have something to clean up with?"

"I don't have anything here, Sabine, but if you want to go to the bathroom you may, just leave your clothes here."

Sabine just stared at him.

"You can go bare ass or you can get dressed."

Sabine put on her skirt and then her blouse and left Adams' office.

"You are going to let me fuck her, right?"

"Probably not, Brad. I think I pushed her far enough by inviting you in to see her naked. She was not too happy with me for that. But you will always have the memory of her bare ass and on her hands and knees, and then spread wide, pulling her cunt open for you."

Sabine spent the afternoon, working on her duties and tried not to think of what had happened so far today. It was hard for her, because she could close her eyes and everything that she had done would be in her mind, just like a movie. Mr. Adams had got her really good, he had sensed what she would do, and took advantage of it. And she remembered that he was going to continue taking advantage of her. He had bluntly told her that already. But although it should have been a horrible thing, she found that she would get aroused when she thought of everthing. And that she wanted, in a perverse way, for things to continue on.

Listening to Mr. Adams telling her to strip turned her on. Stripping in front of him turned her on. Sucking him turned her on. Sitting on the edge of his desk, watching him push his stiff cock inside her turned her on. Even his cumming inside was a turn on for her. But the most arousing thing for Sabine was that she would think to herself that she had no choice, that Mr. Adams had something on her and whatever he wanted she had to do or something really bad would happen to her or her family. Mentally she was thinking of eveything as blackmail for something she would do anything to keep what she had done to end up in this situation quiet.

So as she worked and tried her best to concentrate her mind would wander and she pictured in it standing in front of Mr. Adams bare ass naked. It was hard to keep her mind on her job.

Around a quarter to five Sabine was surprised by Mr. Adams walking up to her workstation. She was back in a corner and her privacy divider faced the other women. Adams walked around and looked at her.

"Stand up."

Sabine did.

"Turn around."

She did and Adams moved in between her and her work surface. He chuckled.

"I want to see your ass crack, Sabine. Just keep still and be quiet and no one will know."

With that Adams undid her skirt and pulled the zipper down. Then he pushed her skirt down further. It was tight over her hips and it was a struggle to move it. But it must have been enough because she felt a finger easing down her ass crack. Sabine groaned softly.

"Your ass is nice and tight Sabine."

His finger reached Sabine's anus and she jerked a bit. A soft moan leaked out of her mouth.

"Shhhh Sabine. You don't want anyone coming back to check on you, do you?"

Sabine shook her head no. His finger rubbed over her anus. She groaned softly again. His hand left her.

"Turn around and sit down."

She did and Adams tilted up her downcast face so she had to look at him. He smirked at her. The he reached forward and undid blouse buttons until her blouse was undone down to below her tits. Then Adams hands slipped into Sabine's blouse and grasped both of her tits. Gently squeezing them and rubbing her erect nipples. Sabine moaned softly. She began to get more aroused than she had been.

Sabine reached her blouse with both hands and undid more buttons, then she pulled her blouse open so her tits, covered by Adams hands, were in the open.

She leaned towards him.

"Do you want me to strip? I'll do it if you want me to. I'll strip bare ass for you right here, right now. Why don't you tell me to do it Mr. Adams?"

Adams just kept playing with her tits, smirking to himself. Then he let go of them and leaned back. Sabine was in her chair, basically bare from the waist up, tits and nipples showing. Sabine looked at him, a shy smile on her face.

"If you tell me to I'll strip Mr. Adams."

"No, not now Sabine. But I want you to stay late. Call me when the others leave."

"Yes Sir."

He left her and she pulled her blouse to cover herself, but did not button it. She tried to finish some of her work, but she was too distracted to really do anything. Finally it was 5PM and the other women shut down for the day and left. None of them paid any attention to Sabine.

As soon as the last one left the cubicle area, Sabine called Adams.

"They've all gone Mr. Adams. Do you want me to take off my clothes?"

Adams chuckled.

"I'll strip right now if you want me to."

Adams chuckled again.

"Just wait there Sabine."

In about two minutes Mr. Adams was right there with Sabine. He grasped the opening of her blouse and pulled. Two buttons popped off. Adams pushed the blouse off Sabine's shoulders and down her arms. It slid off of her and floated to floor. Adams reached to her and grasped both of her tits. He squeezed them. Sabine moaned softly. He let go of them. Adams grasped the waistband of her skirt and pulled down. It slid slowly over her hips and then fell on the floor around her feet.

"Step out of it."

Sabine did.

Adams bent over and picked up her blouse and skirt. All she had on was her shoes.

"Wait here."

Sabine watched him walk away with her clothes. She took off her shoes and put them under her work surface. Now she really had nothing on. And then she began to get nervous. She was naked, at work, had no clothes at all, since Mr. Adams had taken every stitch she had. What if someone came back here? What if one of the girls had forgotten something? What if one of the guys came back here for something? She'd get caught and she really didn't want anyone other than Mr. Adams to see her like this. The longer he was gone, the more nervous she got. Finally he returned. Sabine breathed a sigh of relief. Adams smirked at her.

"Ass up on your desk."

Sabine eased back and sat on the work surface, right at the edge.

"Spread your legs."

She did. Adams looked right down at her pussy.

"Pull it open."

Sabine reached down and with her fingers pulled her lips apart. She knew what she looked like down there, when she was younger she had used a mirror to look there. Adams reached into his pocket and took out a dildo, a life-like cock. And he eased it into her pussy. Sabine gasped.

"Now run a finger up your crack until you feel a bump."

Sabine did that.

"That's your clit. If you rub it it'll feel good and you'll cum, orgasm. Have you ever had an orgasm?"

Sabine shook her head no. She had never played with herself and her boyfriends had never done it enough to make her orgasm and never lasted long enough fucking her for her to orgasm.

"Rub your bump, your clit, Sabine. I want to see you cum."

Sabine began to rub and he was right, it felt good, really good. And while she was doing that, Adams was pushing the cock in and out of her hole with one hand and was fondling one of her tits with the other. God her nipples were so hard, so stiff, and they seemed to send a charge of electricity to her pussy. And her rubbing herself there, that was a bigger charge of electricity.

Sabine couldn't stop from looking down, seeing the fake cock moving in and out, seeing her finger rubbing faster and faster. It did not take long before her hips were moving back and forth. She groaned, God it felt so good! Adams chuckled when her hips began to hump back and forth. And before Sabine knew it she was cumming. She let out a loud gasp, panting, and her lower body jerked back and forth. Mr. Adams chuckled again and shoved the dildo as far inside her as he could. Sabine jerked and twitched for what seemed like forever but couldn't have been too long. She was breathing hard like she had run a long ways and she felt so good down there.

Adams reached into his pocket again and took a bottle of something. He set it next to her bare hip and made her look at him.

"Sabine, remember that I said I was going to fuck your ass?"

Sabine shuddered and nodded yes.

"I'm going to do that when you have your period and maybe at other times also. Not because you are going to like it, although you might, but because I don't want to fuck you when you are bleeding. And your asshole is just another hole to be used, just like your cunt. So turn around and bend over. Then pull your ass cheeks apart. I want to be able to see that puckered hole of yours."

Sabine nervously turned around She bent over and pulled her ass open. She felt something cold and wet on her anus.

"What's that?" she whimpered.

"It's called KY, Sabine, it's lubricant."

Sabine felt a finger at her anus and it began rubbing all over it. Then it pushed on her anus and slowly slid inside it. More lubricant, the finger going in and out and twisting around. Sabine felt a second finger there, more cold and then two fingers were up her ass. They moved in and out of her, twisting. Mr. Adams did that for a long time. Sabine had moaned at the start of this, but as she got used to it, she quieted down.

She felt his fingers come out of her.

"I think that's good enough, keep your ass open."

Then Sabine felt something else at her anus, pushing against her sphincter. And then it gave way, opened a bit and she gasped as it stretched wider and wider, it hurt, burned. More cold, then like it popped and whatever it was slid into her ass. She gasped loudly.

"Hurts, it hurts."

"You'll get used to it Sabine."

More cold and the thing turned and twisted inside her. And he was sort of right, it did seem to be getting somewhat better.

"What is that?"

"It's the fake cock Sabine. Not as big as mine, but I got a smaller one to ease you up to it. We'll do this a few times to get you used to it before I stick my cock up your ass. And then I'll get to see if your ass is tighter than your cunt."

By now Adams was pumping the fake cock in and out of Sabine, adding more lubricant and it wasn't burning anymore. But it felt awfully strange to her.

"You can let go of your ass cheeks, lean on your forearms so your tits hang down and so I can feel them."

And Sabine stood there, bent over, tits dangling while Mr. Adams pushed the fake cock in and out of her ass, feeling her tits and nipples Finally Adams stopped and pulled the thing out of her.

"Pull your cheeks open."

Sabine did and he laughed.

"Your asshole is wide open Sabine. I wish you could see it."

He laughed again. Sabine just felt used and humiliated.

"Stand up and turn around."

Sabine did and he handed the dildo to her. She took it without thinking.

"Good girl. Go to the bathroom and wash it off and then come to my office."

"Is anyone else here?"

"I have no idea and I don't care. I won't bother me if someone sees you bare ass Sabine."

And he walked away, leaving her nude, holding a dildo and getting nervous again as she thought of walking to bathroom without a stitch on, at work, even if it was after quitting time...



04