This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit or placed within any archive without the written permission of the author. The author may be contacted at rkhaan@ix.netcom.com or via ICQ #51761475.  More stories can be found at http://www.asstr.org/~Rob_Morton.

Copyright 2000, Robert B. Morton, II, all rights reserved.

Disclaimer

For those individuals not of legal age to read this where they live, shame on you!  For those folks who may be offended by this writing, all I can say is caveat lector--you have been warned.  The following is a work of fiction and the usual statements about bearing any resemblance to people or places, living or dead, being coincidental, etc., apply here.


Memories, by Rob Morton (M/M, M/F, inc, cons, inter)

One

All things considered, I would have preferred to be at home right about now.  High overhead, the glaring sun offered little in the way of warmth and the wind, a remnant of last night's storm, was cold and biting.  All around me, the ground was covered with a glistening blanket of snow save for the patch of ground before me.

Sighing deeply and trying my best to get a handle on the moment, I stared into the raw, gaping wound in the earth, dark sunglasses protecting my eyes from the sun as it reflected off the lid of the casket that had been inserted into the ground only moments ago.

A few feet away, the cemetery's caretakers stood by, glancing over at me every now and then to see if I was still there... and probably wondering when I was going to take my leave of this place so they could finish the job they had started and get somewhere warm.

The other mourners had long since gone, having paid their last respects to my friend and lover, Martin Anthony Jacobs and, by all rights, I should have been gone as well; yet, I remain rooted to this spot, trying to come to terms with my loss.

"Hey, buddy," one of caretakers called to me, getting my attention.

"Yeah?"

"You gonna be much longer?  We've got to finish up here!"

"Don't let me stop you," I said, my voice sounding empty as I waved them over.  "Do what you have to do - I won't get in your way."

The caretakers looked at each other for a moment and shrugged, probably trying to figure me out.  One of them got into a truck and slowly backed it up alongside the open grave; the other guy jumped up on the truck and began attaching heavy chains to the lid of the vault, which was then connected to the light-duty crane attached to the truck.

I felt a sharp stab of anguish rip through me as the caretakers positioned the lid over my friend's coffin and lowered it, sealing him away for all time.

"Damn," I said quietly, unable to move as the caretakers grabbed their shovels and began filling the hole with the dirt they'd removed earlier.  Each time a load of dirt hit the concrete slab, I felt a little more of myself being buried in that hole.

I'd managed to lose track of time.  I was so engrossed with my own thoughts and feelings that I never noticed when the caretakers finished their task, nor did I notice when they climbed into the truck and left.

It was getting colder and the winds were picking up.  I blinked and shook my head as I realized that I was completely alone and, as I did so, the cold made its presence felt once more, convincing me that it was finally time to leave.

I glanced up at the sky and found that a thickening shroud of gray clouds - more snow on the way - was hiding the sun.  I turned and headed across the snow-covered graves, pausing only to look one last time before climbing into my car, which I had left running all this time.  Oh, well, at least it would be warm...


Two

I got home about forty-five minutes later; just about the same time, the first snowflakes began to fall.  Once inside, I couldn't seem to make up my mind what I wanted to do so, after hanging my coat up and kicking my shoes off, I just sat silently, letting my thoughts wander again as I remembered Marty.

Marty wasn't the first kid I'd met when my family moved into Rose Creek back when I was 12.  In fact, all the kids I'd met before him went out of their way to warn me not to hang out with weird old Marty Jacobs.

Of course, I wasn't buying anything they had to say, especially about someone I knew nothing about.  Still, I had been living in Rose Creek for almost a month before I first laid eyes on him.

I had been down at the park, shooting baskets by myself when I heard someone ask if they could join in.  After grabbing the rebound of the shot I'd missed, I turned to look at the kid who had spoken to me.

He looked to be about my age and appeared to be just a little taller than me and had the "standard" blonde hair and blue eyes.  He was smiling at me as he walked in my direction.

"Hi, I'm Marty Jacobs," he said, extending his hand.  "You must be the new kid everyone's been talking about!"  This is weird old Marty Jacobs?  I couldn't see anything weird about him as I shook his hand.

"Tim Richards," I said, feeling a little uncomfortable.

"Nice to meet you Tim," Marty said, releasing my hand and nodding toward the basket behind me.  "Wanna play a little one-on-one?"

"Sure," I said.  "I've got time for a couple of games before I have to go home.  You want the ball first?"

We actually played more than two games but the end result was the same - whipped him pretty handily 10-3, 10-4 and 10-2.  As we shook hands after our match, I got the impression that the scores could have been much closer - but Marty was breaking the ice, as it were.

After retrieving my watch, I saw it was just about time for dinner, so I gathered up the rest of my stuff and headed home.

"Which way are you headed?" Marty asked, using his handkerchief to wipe some of the perspiration from his face.

"Westbrook Avenue," I replied, nodding in the general direction.

"What a coincidence!  I live on Westbrook, too!" Marty beamed, falling into stride with me.

"Really?  I live at 1807!" I offered, cautiously looking around to see if anyone saw me walking with Marty.

"No shit!  I live at 1811!" Marty exclaimed, taking the ball from me and dribbling it.

"I didn't see you when we moved in," I said, stealing the ball back.

"We were away until last night," Marty explained, swiping at the ball and missing badly.  "Say, would you like to stop by after you eat?  I'm sure our folks have met already."

I have to admit that I was a little leery about going to his house; I mean, the other kids did say he was weird.  Then again, I'd just finished playing basketball with him and, frankly, if he weird, I didn't seem to have noticed it.

"Sure, okay," I agreed.  "I'll ask my parents when I get home."

As it turned out, Marty's parents, along with his sister Lucy, were already at my house, sitting in the living room and drinking coffee with my peeps.  After introductions were made all around, Marty and his clan stayed for dinner and, basically, all had a good time.

That was the beginning of what would turn out to be the most unusual friendship I've ever been a part of...


Three

The other kids in the neighborhood would give me the business for befriending Marty, but I was above being baited by their juvenile pettiness.  As far as I was concerned, Marty was a great guy!  He was smart, funny most of the time but could be very serious and logical when he needed to be.  Yeah, he couldn't play basketball worth a damn, but we had the entire summer to work on his game.  After a couple of weeks, it was time for the expected overnight stay.

It took a little extra convincing, but my parents finally agreed to let me spend the weekend at Marty's house.  Actually, it probably wasn't that hard a decision for them; the Jacobs were frequent visitors at my house (or my parents at theirs), playing canasta or bridge or just simply sitting and talking.  That, combined with the obvious fact that the Jacobs just lived a couple of doors down from us made my parents' decision to let me stay an easy one... except you know how it is, right?  If you want something, you just have to ask for it.

I listened to my father reminding me to mind my manners as I packed for my weekend stay, with me nodding absently at every point Dad was making.  Yeah, right - like I didn't know how to behave myself?

Finally, after making sure I had everything and bidding farewell to my parents, I grabbed my backpack and headed for Marty's house, feeling a strange sense of euphoria at being able to spend this kind of quality time with my new best friend.

Marty met me at the door with his usual warm smile, taking my backpack and anxiously telling me to follow him up to his room.  As I trailed behind him, I waved to Dave and Ellen Jacobs, who returned my greeting with a matched set of smiles identical to Marty's.

"Well?  What do you think?" Marty asked, dropping my pack on the double bed.

"Nice room," I said, meaning it.  Marty had just about any and everything a teenaged guy could ask for.  He not only had his own phone, but he had a computer, a video game console, and stereo - well, he had everything!

"I hope you don't mind sharing the bed with me," Marty asked with a blush.  "If that's a problem, I can drag out the sleeping bags..."

"No, it's not a problem," I said, looking at the spacious bed.  "Besides, I can't get comfortable sleeping on the floor."

"Great!  Okay, so what do you want to do?"  Marty asked, waving his hand expansively around the room.

After some discussion, we agreed to play some video games; Marty may not have been the greatest b-ball player I'd ever seen, but the boy was a master gamer, handily wiping my ass at almost every game we played.

We later went down and raided the fridge for some snacks.  Returning to Marty's room, we put some CDs in the five-disc player and just kicked back and talked about this and that.

"Can I ask you something?" I questioned nervously.

"Sure, Tim," Marty said.

"Why don't the other kids like you?"  A wry smile crossed my friend's face as he looked at me.

"Let me guess - they've been telling you how weird I am, right?"

"Something like that," I answered, wondering if I'd put our budding friendship in jeopardy.

"If I tell you it's because I look at a lot of things differently from them, would that be an answer you'd find acceptable?"

"Depends on what you mean by differently," I said, puzzled by his response.  "I mean, not that it makes much of a difference to me - I like you."

"I like you, too, Tim," Marty said, his smile widening.

"So what's the deal?" I asked, returning to my original question.  In my mind, I had to know why the other kids treated him with so much indifference.  I wasn't all that worried about their opinion of me but damn it, Marty was my friend and friends looked out for each other.

"Tim, do you really want to know?" Marty asked, his voice and demeanor growing soft and quiet.

"If you don't mind telling me," I replied, feeling a little uncomfortable about pressing the issue.  "Then again, if it's really none of my business..,"

"No, you're my best friend and you deserve an answer," Marty said, his openly telling me that I was his best friend warming me.  He got up from his place at the desk and sat next to me on the bed, locking his big, blue eyes onto mine.  We were sitting so close together our thighs were touching lightly and the proximity sent a little shiver through me.

"This is why the other kids think I'm weird," Marty said softly, leaning forward and kissing me lightly on the lips.

I gasped at the unexpected contact, which left me feeling dizzy and sent a flood of hormones racing through my system.  What was odd, at least for me, was that I didn't appear to be bothered by what he just did; I was more surprised than anything else.

"What the hell...?" I said, finally finding my voice.  "You kissed me!"

"Now you know," Marty said, his face reddening as he scooted away from me.

"You're gay?" I asked, trying to make sense of this revelation.

"Not exactly," Marty said.  He seemed relieved by my lack of a negative reaction.  "I happen to like boys and girls that way."

I knew "that way" meant sexually and I was suddenly having a hard time getting a grip on my thoughts.  I mean, outside of my father giving me a little peck on the cheek, a guy had never kissed me and I found it both very strange and stimulating at the same time.  Like most guys our age, I had long since stumbled upon the joys of masturbation, having spent my fair share of time spanking the monkey.

However, as I fought to come to terms with what had just happened, I got the feeling that my life was about to radically change and it would come down to a matter of me either accepting or rejecting what was about to happen.

"If you want to go back home, I'll understand," Marty said; apparently, he was taking my silence as a total rejection of him.

"No, no, I'm just trying to get a grip here," I said numbly.  "You surprised the shit out me, man!"

"I'm sorry if I've upset you, Tim," Marty said, tears beginning to well in his eyes.  "It's just that, well, I really like you a whole lot."

"I like you, too, Marty," I said, my brain getting close to overloading.  "I just didn't think you liked me in that way and, shit, I'm really trying hard to figure it all out."

I sat there looking at Marty, taking in the pained look on his face as the tears he'd been trying so hard to contain spilled down his cheeks.  Damn, I just didn't know what to do, let alone what to say to him about this!

And, you know what?  The really hard part about all of this is that think I actually liked it when he kissed me!  Even as I sat there, I could feel that my dick was hard!

"Okay, so now I know why they say you're weird," I said.  "Look, will you stop crying?"

"You hate me," Marty sobbed.

"No, I don't," I said, grimacing as my cock continued to strain against the fabric of my underwear.  "But, if you don't get your shit together, I will be very pissed with you!"

"I can't help it," Marty blubbered, suddenly throwing himself at me; instinct took over and I grabbed him, holding him against me.

"Aw, shit, Marty," I said, feeling choked up myself.  "C'mon, stop crying, will you?  I'm not mad at you, okay?  Everything's cool!  What's it gonna take to get you to stop bawling like a baby?"  Marty looked up at me, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand.

"You really don't hate me?" he asked, still sniffling a little.

"No," I said, my prick really setting me on edge.  I was now so damned horny I couldn't see straight!  "Here, wipe your nose."  I handed Marty a tissue, smiling as he blew his nose with a goose-like honking sound.

"So, I know how you really feel about me now," I said, trying to get my surging hormone to back the hell off.  "The real question is what do we do about it?"

"I have an idea," Marty said, sheepishly.  "That's if you don't mind?"

"Well, I haven't minded so far," I said, wondering what I had just gotten myself into as Marty leaned over and kissed me again with a lot more meaning.

Once more, a powerful surge of... something flowed through my body like an electric current as Marty pressed his lips lightly against mine, his tongue softly teasing my lips until the parted, allowing his tongue to slip just inside my teeth.

I heard a soft groan - was that me?  The tension I had been feeling seemed to fall from me as I wrapped my arms around Marty, pulling him closer to me.

I had no fucking idea what the hell I was doing, but it all felt so natural and right.  Up until now, I had never even considered being intimate with a guy.  Yeah, I'd heard of guys making out with other guys but you know how it is: it just isn't real until it happens to you and, by God, it was happening to me right now.

I could feel my excitement rising as I returned Marty's kiss.  Even as I felt myself becoming lost in my expanding emotions, I realized that Marty was a better kisser than Julie Evans was and, shit, his lips were a damned sight softer, too!

"Oh, damn," I moaned as Marty started kissing my cheeks and neck lightly, his hands now roaming freely over my trembling body.

"Do you want me to stop?" Marty whispered, one of his hands dropping into my crotch, brushing against my erection.

"No..." I heard myself say, giving in to the way Marty was making me feel.

"Thank you," Marty said softly, his hands undoing my pants as he continued to kiss my face and mouth lightly.  "You won't regret it at all..."

"Oh, my God," I moaned, feeling my friend's mouth close around my prick, which he had finally freed from it cloth prison.  "Oh, damn!"

I looked down at Marty, who had his head in my lap and sucking away happily on my rigid dick; the sight of his pale face being split by the darker shaft of flesh was too much for my poor, overworked senses to deal with.  I shuddered as sperm began to flow from me, encouraging Marty to work his mouth on me faster and with greater gusto.

Momentarily drained, I fell onto my back on the bed and Marty clambered alongside me, never taking his mouth from me.  Even though I was finished shooting, the softness of his mouth and tongue was somehow keeping me very erect.  I turned my head to the right and could make out Marty's own erection, straining against his clothing as mine had been moments ago.

"Take it out," I heard my voice saying distantly, like it was someone else was saying it.

Marty hurried to comply with my request and I watched him fumbling with his pants, all the while thinking that this was the most strangest - and exciting - thing I'd ever done.

Because he wouldn't let my cock out of his mouth, it took him a couple of tries to free his prick.  And, oh, it was absolutely beautiful!  I reached over and took it in my hand, admiring the silky feel of it against my hand, radiating heat and pulsing in time with his heart, which had to be beating just as fast and hard as my own!

Now, I have to say that this wasn't the first time I'd ever seen another guy's meat.  Where I used to live, the guys and me used to get together and sit around jerking off while fantasizing about this girl or that girl.  However, we never touched each other or considered doing anything else.

My body shook with another spasm of delight as my fingers closed around the shaft of Marty's dick and I began to stroke his rod, pulling the silky skin upward slowly until the beautifully sculpted head of his dick disappeared under a fleshy hood of skin.  As the tip of his penis reappeared, I saw a drop of clear stuff - pre-cum, they call it - appear at the slit and I knew I had to taste it, just as Marty tasted mine.

Somehow, we managed to wind up on our sides; Marty's pecker hovered in front of me and, throwing all caution to the wind, I closed my mouth around his dick, letting my tongue run freely over it.

I could hear Marty groaning softly as I continued my clumsy attempt to suck his cock, the sound encouraging me even though I had no fucking idea what I was doing - or even why!  All I knew was that I had never felt so damned good before and that having my friend's dick in my mouth was very exciting.

We were both moaning and groaning now, each of us gently fucking the other's mouth; I could feel myself getting ready to cum again and let myself get carried away by the incredibly delicious feeling.  At the same time, I sorta knew that Marty would be cumming soon, too, and I tried to prepare myself for that moment.

It was all I could do to keep from chomping down on the tender flesh of Marty's peter as I came, the sensations hitting me hard and often, causing me to lose control over my body.  Marty was fucking my mouth faster now and - was his dick getting thicker?  Yes, it was and I somehow knew that it wouldn't be long before...

Yes, oh, yes!  Marty's seed began to fill my mouth, a thick, and sweet/salty fluid spurting from the head of his dick, which was trapped between my lips.  I held on as best I could while my friend succumbed to his own ejaculation/orgasm, his body twitching and jerking for a long time before finally settling down.

Marty and I laid on our sides, still facing each other's crotch, and took time to catch our breath and recover from what had to be the most amazing thing I'd ever done, let alone experienced.  As I started to collect my thoughts, I could feel Marty gently kissing my thigh.

"That tickles," I said dreamily.

"Sorry," Marty replied, giving my shrunken member a gentle kiss and sending another delightful shiver through me.

"I can't believe what just happened," I said.

"Did you like it?" Marty said, unable to hide the glimmer of hope in his voice.

"Yes.  No.  Hell, I don't know," I said, feeling giddy.  "I've never done anything like this before!"

"You could have fooled me," Marty said sweetly.

"Did I do okay?"

"You sure did, Tim," Marty replied.

I felt reassured by his words even though I wasn't fully aware of why I felt the way I did.  We continued to lay side by side, neither of us saying anything for quite a while.

"So, now what do we do?" I asked.  "I mean, Christ, where do we go from here?"

"I was kinda hoping that you'd like to do this more often," Marty answered, propping himself up on one elbow so he could look at me.

That was a good point and one that I was having some very mixed feelings about.  If someone had told me that I'd find myself lying in bed, half-naked with my best friend after having just had oral sex with him (and him with me), I would have pronounced him or her insane.  Yet, here I was.  Not only had I had my dick sucked for the first time, it was a guy who did it and I loved every minute of it.  And, to top it off, I had returned the favor just as enthusiastically as I had received it!

"Well?" Marty asked nervously.

"Well, what?" I countered, having made up my mind.

"Can we do this again some time?"

I didn't answer verbally; instead, I pulled Marty to me, taking his limp noodle into my mouth again, licking and sucking it until he was rock hard again...


Four

Well, that first sleepover was the beginning of the most beautiful and interesting relationship I'd ever had with anyone.  We spent the rest of that weekend exploring this new act of intimacy and the more time I spent doing it, the more I came to enjoy it.

By the time school started in September, Marty and I had established a routine where most of our time together was spent sucking each other into oblivion.

One day after school, we were in my room cuddling and recovering from our latest oral exploits when Marty looked at me and flat-out shocked the hell out of me.

"Tim?"

"Marty?"

"I think I love you," Marty said, kissing me lightly and snuggling closer to me.  "You make me feel so good about myself and what we're doing."

"I think I'm in love with you, too," I found myself replying - and I knew in my heart that it was true, too, which was odd.  I mean, I was having a great deal of very naughty fun with Marty - but I was also falling in love with his sister, Lucy as well.  Marty knew about this; in fact, he was the one who ratted me out to Lucy about my attraction to her.  And, even though Lucy and I spent time together, it was just as important for me to spend time with Marty as well.

Of course, Lucy knew that Marty and I were lovers and wasn't in the least bit offended by it, which somehow made the whole situation just peachy.
"Want something to drink?" I asked, getting out of the bed and looking for my pants.

"I thought I just had something to drink!" Marty exclaimed, slapping me playfully on the behind.

"Smartass," I said, slapping his ass in return.  "I'll be back in a minute."  I returned a few minutes later with a couple can of ice-cold soda, finding Marty still lying in my bed naked.

"You know what I was thinking?" Marty asked after taking a huge sip of his soda.

"No, what?" I asked, knocking back a slug of my own.

"There's something I'd like to try."

"Really?  Like what?"

"Would you be willing to, um, fuck me in the ass?"  My hand paused in mid-air; the soda can was just scant inches away from my wide-open mouth.

"Huh?" I said stupidly.

"I want you to fuck me, Tim," Marty repeated and I knew he was very serious about it.  "I want to feel you in my behind.  It's all that I've been thinking about for the past few months."

"Why didn't you say something about it before now?" I asked, my mind trying to figure out how to deal with this new information.

"I was afraid you'd say no or something," Marty said, his face turning bright red.

A mild feeling of disgust wormed its way into me at the thought of putting my dick in Marty's ass; after all, that's where shit came from, you know?

"I don't know," I said honestly, finding the thought just as exciting as it was disgusting.

"I know what you're thinking and I've got that part covered," Marty said.  He leaned over the edge of the bed and picked up his pants; reaching into a pocket, he produced a foil-wrapped object that was instantly recognizable as a condom.  Having seen the rubber, the level of disgust went down a little, while the level of my erection started to rise a lot.

"Won't it hurt?" I asked, taking the condom from Marty and examining it.

"I have no idea," Marty confessed.  "I've never gone this far before with anyone, but I guess it would - you're not exactly carrying a shrimp between your legs."  I was about to give him my answer when I heard my parents coming in the house.

"Can we talk about this later?" I asked, hurriedly getting dressed while Marty did the same; it just wouldn't be, ah, healthy to have either of them barging into my room and seeing us naked together.

"Sure - we can talk about it after you get back from your date with Lucy, okay?"

"If that's okay with you," I replied.  "You know, I really care for your sister a lot."

"I know.  All she does is talk about you and how wonderful a guy you are - as if I didn't know that already!" Marty said, laughing.

"Well..." I replied, feeling myself blush a little.

"Have you fucked her yet?" Marty asked, grinning at me.

"No, not yet, but it's not like I don't want to," I said.  "Besides, if I had, she would have told you already, right?"

"Yeah, she would have.  I'm not supposed to tell you this, but she's been waiting for you to ask for some because she's more than ready to give it to you."

"Doesn't that bother you?" I asked.  "Me having sex with you and your sister?"

"Should it?" Marty said, his smile widening.

"I'm asking," I said, trying to be serious.

"No, it doesn't bother me," Marty said, his smile dimming momentarily.  "We're friends and, I guess, lovers - but I don't own you.  Just one thing, though."

"What's that?"

"If you fuck her, please be good to her, okay?"

"I promise," I said, quickly going over to Marty and kissing him fully on the lips.  "C'mon, let's get a game of basketball in before it gets too dark!"


Five

Time seemed to fly past us and, before either of us knew it, we were graduating from high school.  I remember sitting on the stage and watching Marty's cute ass as he went to get his diploma, feeling my cock hardening under my gown.  As Marty circled back around to take his seat, I spent the time waiting for my name to be called deep in thought.

I remember the night we finally got around to fucking, the images of that historical event causing my Lust-O-Meter to jump up several points...

*   *   *

Lucy and I finally did get around to making love not three days after Marty told me what she wanted from me.  I can't say that it was a bad experience for either of us, but I felt really funny about it afterwards; it was like I was fucking my way through their family, which, of course, was a silly notion on my part.

The next day, we were sitting in my room; after much harassment from Marty and a couple of well-placed threats, I agreed to tell him about making love to Lucy, slightly amazed that he'd be interesting in hearing the details of me playing Hide The Sausage with his sister.

Just the same, the boner he was sporting told me that he was more than interested and the tale of my first time with Lucy would have been told in its entirety had it not been for a sudden desire on my part to have his prick in my mouth.

I tackled Marty without warning, forcing him onto my bed where I started unfastening his pants while he protested mightily.

"Tim, stop!" Marty exclaimed, trying to fight off my busy hands.  "I wanna hear the rest of the story!"

"And I want your cock," I said, my lust for Marty coming to the front and pushing Lucy off to the side somewhere - at least for the moment, anyway.  Marty fought well to keep his pants on - but not well enough to keep my mouth off of him once the prize had been released.

"Oh, God, Tim," Marty hissed as I took him fully (and now easily) into my mouth.  "I love you so very much!"

His words had their usual effect on me, giving me such a warm, comforting feeling because I loved him just as much as he did me.  I took my time sucking him, savoring the taste and feel of him in my mouth, using my lips and tongue to both give and deny him pleasure at my whim.

Marty begged me to give up some cock, too - but I wasn't ready for that just yet.  I wanted to tease him some more, wanted to get him right to the edge of release - then snatch him back at the last moment, making him writhe and groan.  Yeah, I knew once he got his hands on me, there'd be hell to pay - but for now, I was firmly in control and taking full advantage of it.  Eventually, my own lust began to get the better of me, feeling a great need to plunge my woody deep into my lover's throat.

After shedding my own clothing, we easily meshed into our favorite position, my trim and lean body on top of his, each of us joined at the mouth with the other.

It's really funny what goes through your mind when you're making love.  Normally, my only thoughts are of how much pleasure I'm giving and receiving; this time, however, I found my thoughts on how nicely Marty's body had developed over the years.

Obviously, our bodies had greatly developed since the first time we made love with each other, something I had really come to appreciate as I tongued the network of veins that ran along Marty's large, thick shaft; cupping his sac in my hands, I brought it to my mouth, sucking each of his testicles into my mouth and giving them a very loving washing with my tongue.  Oh, yes, this boy's dick had really filled out, a far cry from the small pee-pee it had been just five years ago!

Not to be outdone, I felt my own balls being sucked into Marty's mouth, causing me to grimace in pain/pleasure as he lavished attention onto them, thrilling me to no end.  As I continued to suck him, I envision my own cock, nestled deep in Marty's throat, seven inches of hot, throbbing dark meat swabbing out my lover's tonsils.

I felt Marty's hands pulling at me, forcing my backside a little lower; the movement made me shift my position, allowing his nuts to escape me for the moment.  Whatever disappointment I felt at having my tasty treat removed from me was quickly replaced by a white-hot jolt of pleasure as Marty's tongue began to work against the tight ring of my anus.

"Oh, fuck," I hissed, my eyes flying open as Marty wedged his tongue as far as he could past my sphincter - what a weird fucking feeling!  Weird but, damn, really exciting at the same time.

Even though I couldn't reach his back hole, I wasn't about to be outdone by this hot, brazen love of mine.  I slipped my thumb into my mouth, coating it with generous amounts of saliva; reaching down, I plunged my slickened thumb into Marty's ass, taking a bit of perverse pleasure at feeling his cock jumping like crazy in my mouth.  I rammed in until the base of my hand rested against the crack of his ass and I began to work it in and out of him slowly at first, then with a lot more gusto.

It didn't take him long to return the favor, either; my cock pulsed in response as one of his long fingers passed into my bowels, my rectal muscles spasming delightfully as he finger-fucked my ass.

Just when things were really getting hot, I felt the relative coolness of the room's air on my dick, telling me that Marty was no longer sucking me.

"It's time, Tim," Marty groaned as I screwed my thumb into his bottom.  "I want you in me!"

I didn't hesitate for one second, pulling my thumb out of his ass.  Reluctantly, I had to let go of his precious dick, but it didn't stop me from swallowing him whole one last time before getting off the bed.  I went to my dresser and pulled out the big bottle of water-based lubricant we often used when jerking each other off, returning to the bed with it.  I looked into Marty's deep blue eyes, pumping out a massive handful of the super-slick fluid, applying it at first to my cock, then his ass.

"Are you sure about this?" I asked, my voice low and sultry.  Low and sultry?  Ah, well, anyway...

"Yes, my love," Marty cooed.  "You've put this off long enough and, today, your fingers just isn't going to get the job done!  Now, quit stalling and ram that fucker in me!"

I climbed between Marty's outstretched legs, our cocks rubbing together nicely as I jabbed my tongue between his lips, getting a taste of my own ass and cock.  Another interesting taste, I assure you, but not all that unpleasant.

"Come on, do it," Marty hissed, reaching between us and grabbing my lubricated pole, positioning it at his back opening.  "Give it to me, Tim... NOW!"

Feeling the head my dick lodged against his hole, I thrust my hips forward, feeling his butthole being shoved aside by my cock.  We both gasped as I passed into him easily, aided by the lubrication and having had my thumb in his ass earlier.

"Oh, Jesus, it hurts!" Marty cried, clinging to me and trembling as I forced more of my manhood into his bowel.

"Christ, you are so damned tight!" I groaned, feeling his anus trying to expel me, the muscles squeezing me hard.

"Wait... wait a minute," Marty gasped, digging his fingers into my back painfully.

I waited as my lover did whatever he had to do to adjust to having my big dick in him; after a few moments, he looked up at me and smiled.

"Now fuck me, lover," he said, his eyes reflecting the love he felt for me.

Fucking someone in the ass isn't quite the same as fucking a girl's pussy.  For one, a cunt is better suited to handle a man's dick; after all, it's designed to have eight-pound babies come out that way.  Where Lucy was tight, her cunt wasn't even close to being as deliciously tight as her brother's ass was and I reveled in the dirty, sinful feeling it gave me as I began to fuck Marty's ass with long, sure strokes until I was ramming the full length of my dick into him effortlessly.

"Oh, God, I'm gonna cum," I cried, feeling my cock swell within the ultra-tight confines of my lover's rectum.  "I can't hold it!"

"Don't, baby," Marty said dreamily.  "Give it up, Timmy, just give it up!"

And I did, too.  Bright flashes of light exploded behind my tightly clenched eyelids as spurt after spurt of hot, thick sperm shot inside of Marty, coating his innards.  Each time my cock jerked, a wave of nauseating pleasure crashed into me, feelings so intense I thought I would pass out any second.

"Oh, that feels so damned good!" Marty shouted.  "God, Timmy, I can feel it shooting in me!"  The only reply I could muster was to grunt as my balls emptied themselves...

Spent and exhausted, I rolled off Marty and onto my stomach, my chest heaving as I fought to catch my breath.  As I struggled to clear the cobwebs from my slightly addled brain, I felt Marty's body cover mine, followed by his erection poking at my back door.

"Your turn, baby," Marty whispered.

"OH, SHIT!" I screamed as Marty's lubricated dong flew past my sphincter like a hot knife through butter; the pain was so intense I almost threw up all over the place.

"Oh, hell yeah," Marty sighed, going into to up to the hilt.  "So nice..."

As Marty began to move inside me, the pain began to subside and the sick feeling in my stomach dissipated as well, leaving me feeling rather nice and, um, rather full.  I could feel myself trying to eject Marty's cock in the same way his ass tried to get rid of me and I felt like I had to take the biggest dump the world has ever known.

At the same time, I felt a comforting sense of euphoria envelop me as Marty pumped his dick into my ass, the head prodding and knocking against my prostate.  After only a few seconds - and despite the fact that my cock wasn't in the least bit hard, I could feel myself cumming, the wet stickiness trapped between my shuddering body and the sheets.

Each time Marty made contact with my prostate, it brought on a dizzying wave of pleasure; I raised up some, giving him better access to my backside and smiling happily as he took full advantage of it.

The room was filled with the sounds of both of us grunting and groaning and the bed rocking and creaking as my lover fucked me, taking my anal virginity with as much glee as I felt in giving it to him.

Just as I was really settling into this new and wonderful pleasure, I felt Marty's cock expand and lengthen, sending a slightly forgotten spike of pain into me - he was about to shoot in me!

"Go!  Go!" I shouted, shoving my ass up at him as hard as I could.

"OH, FUCK!" Marty shouted as his seed spilled into me.  And what a funny feeling that was, too!  I could actually feel his spunk shooting into me while his cock heaved and jerked, enhancing the whole thing for me.

After what seemed to be a couple of years, Marty pulled out of me with a wet and rather disgusting kind of sound; I was feeling suddenly very empty and, then, a little embarrassed as the air that had gotten trapped inside of me decided to escape as well with a long, loud and bubbly sound.

I got up to go clean up and I felt Marty's sperm leaking out of my sore backside and knew that our love had finally come full circle.

*   *   *

I smiled at the memory of our first fuck and had been so engrossed with my thoughts that I almost missed hearing my name called!  I stood up quickly, suddenly thankful that I was sitting in the back row because I had to make a quick adjustment, if you know what I mean; it would have been a disaster to walk across the stage... with my hard-on leading the way!

Our families got together afterwards for a small party they had planned for us, presenting us with gifts and stuff for our accomplishments.  Not that we were ungrateful, but I knew we were both wanting to get through this as quickly as we could so that we could spend some, ah, special time together to exchange a few gifts of our own.

Later that evening, in the privacy of Marty's bedroom, we made love like never before, each of us cherishing this, the greatest gift of all... the gift of love.  In the afterglow, we promised to love each other forever...


Six

It's funny that when things go wrong, they really get fucked up.  Marty and I had hoped to attend the same college in the fall and had gone about making plans and being really excited about the prospect of being roommates - and all the fun we could have.

As it happened, we had our plans pretty much shredded; with Marty's family being much better off financially than mine, Marty wound up enrolling at State College while I was forced to accept a full scholarship at State University, some sixty miles apart.

Oh, it was a really devastating blow, to be sure.  After recovering from the initial shock, we realized that we would still be able to see each other - but it wouldn't be as often as either of us would have preferred.  The revelation was a catalyst that drove us to spend as much time together as possible before September rolled around again.

Then, if that hadn't been enough, Lucy called me one day to tell me that she was pregnant with my baby!  Now, don't get me wrong here, okay?  I loved Lucy just as much as I did Marty, but the news threatened to force me into thinking about foregoing college in order to support the baby.

Our parents got together to discuss this situation amongst them.  They weren't exactly pissed off, but they weren't exactly overwhelmed with joy, either.  Marty, on the other hand, seemed to be tickled pink with the news; during the talk with the parents, he stood by my side lending his support both physically and emotionally.

Finally, after much discussion, we all decided that the best - and honorable - thing to do was for me to marry Lucy.

"But, what about college?" I asked.  "Without a degree, getting a good-paying job is going to be hard to do!"

"We realize that, son," my father said.  "So, we've decided that Lucy can stay here with us until you can save up enough money to afford an apartment for the two, um, three of you."

"How will we survive?" I asked, not even feeling any better about this.  "I know I can get a job after classes, but that won't nearly be enough!"

"Tim," Dave Jacobs was saying in that kind voice of his.  "We're willing to take up whatever slack for you, but we just feel it's the right thing to do."

"Damn, I'm going to be an uncle!" Marty said gleefully.  For a moment, I felt a little angry with him being so happy - but it quickly passed as I realized that having him for my brother-in-law wasn't going to change one thing between us.

We spent the rest of the evening hashing out the details for a quick and quiet wedding and obtaining leads on apartments around the school.  Lucy finally went to bed, stopping only to kiss me openly in front of everyone before heading upstairs.  I was dismayed but happy as Marty sidled up to me.

"Let's go for a walk," Marty said, giving me a shove in the back.  "We need to talk."

I wasn't sure I wanted to hear what he had to say, but I also knew I wouldn't be able to avoid it, so I followed him outside and headed up Westbrook towards Alpine.

"You know I love you very much," Marty said, looking at me.

"I love you, too," I said, feeling a lump in my throat.

"You knocked up my sister - wonder where you found the time to do that?" Marty asked, his voice light and teasing.

"Must have been that night we came back from the movies," I offered.  "But I was wearing a condom!"

"A condom that wasn't quite working up to specifications, it seems," Marty said, threatening to crack a rib trying not to laugh.

"Smartass," I shot back, a little irritated.

"Seriously, I wanted you to know that this, um, situation doesn't change the way I feel about you or our relationship.  In fact, marry Lucy kind of brings it all home, you know, making us even closer than before."

I had to admit Marty had a point there.  Just the same, I was inwardly pleased that he wasn't angry with me for knocking his sister up, accident or not.

"We can still see each other, can't we?" I asked, resisting the temptation to hold Marty's hand.

"Of course - it's not like we have anything to hide from my sister," Marty confirmed, warming my heart with the loving look in his eyes.  "Besides, I kinda like the way your dick taste after you've been in her."

We walked along silently for a moment, turning at the intersection of Grandville and Webster before heading back the way we came.

"I could just eat you alive right now," I said, giving voice to my feelings.  "Right about now, I'd love to be inside you!"

"And I'd love to have you there, believe me," Marty said.  "But, you've got some planning to do and, shit, I have to get my suit out of the cleaners!"

We drew a collection of odds looks from our parents when we returned, both of us smiling widely as we joined the family at the dining room table to make our plans for the future.


Seven

It was decided that Lucy and I get married the week before I left for college.  In our parents' eyes, it would give us enough time to spend together to, ah, take care of a few things and allow me to finalize my admission.  Marty's travel plans were already made and he had set aside one day to attend his sister's wedding as my best man.

I had expected to spend my last night as a "free man" with Marty (he wouldn't have it any other way), with the two of us bombed out of our skulls and fucking and sucking each other like there was no tomorrow.  As it turned out, we only had a couple of drinks and reduced our usually raunchy sessions to a rather mild-mannered 69.

"I am so happy for you, Tim," Marty said, settling into the crook of my arm.  "Lucy's gonna make you a good wife."

"I hope so," I said wistfully.  "Can I ask you something?"

"What?"

"How come you never joined us for sex?"

"What kind of question is that?" Marty asked, looking up at me.

"Well, it isn't really my question," I elaborated, stroking Marty's stylishly short blonde hair.  "Lucy asked me one night and I didn't have an answer for her.  Shit, it never really crossed my mind."

"Tim, she's my sister," Marty said.  "I would never dream of doing anything sexual with my sister!"

"No, stupid, not like that," I said, flicking my index finger hard against his earlobe.

"Ow!  Watch it!" Marty protested, punching me lightly on the thigh.  "So, what the hell are you talking about?"

"We had finished making love one night and she asked me why you never joined us.  When I asked her why she would want something like that to happen, she said that she was always a little jealous of those times when she knew we were together."

"I never knew that," Marty said, shaking his head.

"Neither did I.  Anyway, she said that she wanted to see us together and watch us making love."

"My sister's a kinky little something, isn't she?" Marty said with a laugh.

"I really couldn't say," I replied, laughing at the sudden image of Lucy dressed in tight leathers and brandishing a cat-o-nine tails.  "I told her I'd ask you - and I have."

"I guess it just never occurred to me," Marty said with a sigh, adjusting his position against my body.  "Like I said, I've never wanted to have sex with Lucy."

"You think something like that would have happened?" I asked, my prick stirring at the thought of my beloved Marty giving his sister the high hard one.

"Probably," Marty replied with a shrug.  "Besides, women don't turn me on like a guy does, as if you didn't know.  And, I have to admit that whenever I knew you were fucking her, well, I was jealous, too."

"No shit!" I exclaimed, surprised to hear this from him.

"Yeah, well, I guess I claimed you for my own, you know?" Marty offered, blushing a deep red.  "Don't get me wrong - I don't mind sharing you with my sister, but it's one of those territorial things."

"I think I understand," I said with a smile.  "I'd probably feel the same way if I were in your shoes."

"In my shoes?  Your feet are too big for my shoes, silly," Marty said playfully.

"So, what are we going to do, love?" I asked.  "I mean, I love you and, somehow, I feel like I'm doing you wrong or something."

"Well, the way I see it, nothing really changes, does it?  Unless, of course, Lucy decided that she doesn't want her new husband dicking her brother."

"I suppose we'll just have to see," I said, hugging Marty closer to me.  "In the meantime, would you give some thought to having sex with us some time?"

"I'll think about it, but I won't guarantee anything.  She's my sister and I love her and, well, if anyone's going to lay pipe to her, I'd rather it be you."

I lifted Marty's chin and fastened my lips onto his, snaking my tongue into the familiar warmth of his mouth.  As our tongues did battle, I could feel his hand on my prick, pumping it into hardness.

"I want you inside me," Marty whispered, grabbing the bottle of lube and squirting some in his hand, applying it to my stiff and ready member.  "No more foreplay, Timmy - fuck my ass!"

A groan escaped my lips as I rolled between my lover's legs, lifting them high and wide as Marty positioned me at his entrance.  We both groaned with delight as my glans passed into him, followed quickly by several more inches of my hardness.

"Oh, God, I love feeling you like this," Marty moaned, wrapping his arms around my neck as I fed his bottom a healthy portion of cock.  "You make me feel so alive!"

"I feel the same way," I grunted, easing my dick into his bum until my balls slapped against his butt cheeks.  "I love you so much..."

There was nothing else left to say; well, nothing words could be used for, anyway.  With my passion in complete control, I fucked Marty with all the love and gusto I could bring to bear until I flooded his bowels with my seed, wave after wave of pleasure washing over me.

And, when my lover invaded my backside with his gorgeous dong, I felt so much joy and much more love for this man than mere words could ever convey.  Feeling his spunk splattering my insides was a pleasure and delight I knew I'd badly miss...


Eight

Just when you think that life is good, something comes along to remind you that life, in all its wonder and glory, just isn't fair most of the time.

Lucy and I had a lovely ceremony that was attended by our parents and Marty with Lucy's mother serving as bridesmaid for her daughter.  Afterwards, we went back to my parents' home for a little celebrating.  An hour or so later, I heard my father talking to Lucy's, suggesting that they all go take in a movie and leave the newlyweds alone for a while.  They were all grabbing their coats and were preparing to leave when Lucy called out to Marty to wait a moment.

"I'll drive myself over and meet you there," Marty told our folks before turning to his sister.  "What's up, Sis?"

"Timmy and I would like for you to stay with us while we, um, consummate our marriage," Lucy said without preamble.

"I can't do that, Sis," Marty said.  "This is supposed to be your night with your new husband and, well, I'd just get in the way.  Besides, why would either of you want me there in the first place?"

"Because we both love you very much," Lucy said, going over to her brother and kissing him lightly on the cheek.  "And, frankly, I don't know about you, but the two of us have figured that the three of us would wind up in bed eventually, so now's just as good a time as any, right dear?"

"Yeah, what she said," I replied noncommittally.  "It's the way we both feel, Marty and, really, there's no greater gift you could give us."

"I don't know what to say," Marty said, wiping his eyes.  "Lucy, you know I've never though of you in sexual terms, don't you?"

"I know," Lucy said, smiling.  "Although, I have to admit that I used to wonder what it would be like to fuck you."

"Really?  Didn't know that..." Marty said.  Even from where I was standing, I could tell that he was both intrigued and troubled by our offer.

"So, what's it going to be?" I asked, moving to join them where they stood.  "You with us or not?"

*   *   *

"Oh, shit," Lucy cursed lightly as she watched me devouring her brother's cock.  "Oh, what a beautiful sight!"

It had taken quite some time for the three of us to get over the awkwardness of the situation, none of us quite sure how to get things rolling once we were all naked and in bed; Lucy finally broke the stalemate by leaning over and sucking her brother's cock into her mouth.

Once that happened, things quickly fell into place.  I sat and watched Lucy and Marty together for a moment, laughing at his fumbling attempts to eat his sister's cunt; Lucy was very patient about it, talking him through what to do and where his mouth should be.  I could only assume he got it right when Lucy experienced a massive orgasm against her brother's mouth...

Then it was time for Lucy to see what she'd wanted to see - me getting it on with Marty.  By the time my mouth closed around his cock, I was so horny it wasn't funny.  For a while, Lucy just sat and watched, fingering her cunt to heighten her pleasure before snatching my dick from her brother's mouth and giving me her style of oral pleasure.

Moments later, Marty had his cock buried deep into his sister's quim, muttering his surprised at how good pussy felt.  I couldn't resist the temptation of seeing his ass rising and falling as he fucked my wife and joined the party, burying my stiffness into his ass while he plowed his sister's hole.

We all came like that, with Marty filling his sister's pussy with his spunk and me filling his ass with mine.  After a brief period of rest, we changed places with me taking Lucy doggy-style and Marty doing the same to me.  Our loving went long into the night, the three of us trying all possible combinations before dropping off for some much-needed sleep.

*   *   *

I awoke the next morning to find Lucy lying beside me and the spot next to her empty - Marty was gone!  Being careful not to awaken her, I slid from the bed and quickly searched the house, only to find it empty.  Saddened, I returned to the bedroom, finding Lucy awake with a concerned look on her face.

"Where's Marty?" Lucy asked, slipping on one of my shirts.

"He's gone," I replied, feeling a lump of sorrow in my throat.

"Gone?  Gone where?"

"I don't know, honey?" I answered, my thoughts jumbled and disorganized.

"Do you think it had anything to do with last night?" Lucy asked.

"I don't know," I repeated.  "It's possible..."

"But we had so much fun last night!" Lucy cried, unable to keep her own pain from coming to the surface.

"Yeah, that's what I thought," I agreed.  "Pass me the phone, will you?"

Lucy handed me the cordless phone and I quickly dialed Marty's house; the phone rang about ten times before it was answered.

"Hello?"

"Marty?"

"Oh, hi, Tim," Marty said.

"Jesus Christ, Marty," I yelled.  "You scared the shit out of us!  Why did you just up and leave without telling anyone you were going?"

"I didn't want to wake you up," Marty replied sheepishly; I could imagine his face turning beet-red.

"Oh, really?  Damn it, you could have left us a note or something!"

"I know, but I needed some time to think about what happened last night," Marty explained.  "I mean, damn, Timmy, I fucked my own sister... and I loved every minute of it!"

"What is he saying?" Lucy asked.

"He said that he left because he had to think about last night," I answered impatiently.  "And that he enjoyed fucking you."

"Oh, I'm glad he enjoyed himself," Lucy said with relief.  "But, why...?"

"Shh," I hissed, pressing my ear to the phone.  "Marty, you want us to come over so we can talk about this?"

"No, not really," Marty said; even over the phone, I could hear a certain sadness in his voice.  "I'm not in the mood to talk right now."

"But..." I protested.

"No buts, Tim," Marty said.  "Besides, I've got to get to the airport before I miss my flight.  You know I'm supposed to sign in today, don't you?"

"Shit, I forgot!" I said, slapping my forehead.  "Okay, listen - call us when you get there, okay?  We have to talk about this!"

"I will," Marty promised.  "I had so much fun with you and Lucy last night and, well, I've been thinking that it would be nice to do it again some time."

"Timmy!  What is he saying?" Lucy said, looking like she wanted to snatch the phone out of my hand.

"Hold on, Marty," I said, placing my hand over the mouthpiece.  "He said that he's got to go catch his plane so he can sign in at school and that he wants to make love with us again if it's alright with us."

"Tell him, yes, it would be okay with me if you don't mind," Lucy said.

"Marty?  Sorry about that - your sister's being a pain in the ass," I said with a smile.  "She said that it would be okay if we all did it together again."

"That would be great," Marty said.  "Look, I've got to go - I'll call you when I get settled in!"


Nine

That was the last time anyone heard from Marty.  From what we were told later, his plane experienced engine trouble not long after takeoff and, even though the pilots did everything they could to keep the plane airborne, it wasn't enough as the plane crashed, killing everyone on board.

We were all devastated by the news; Lucy had fainted and was taken to the hospital for observation because she was pregnant.  Our parents were just as stunned at the news at having lost Marty to such a tragic accident.

But the terrible news didn't hit anyone as hard as it did me.  Marty just wasn't my brother-in-law - he was much more than that, being friend and lover as well.  I had learned so much about life and living from him and just couldn't deal with his death.

The services for Marty were, if nothing else, impressive.  I hadn't realized how many people Marty had known and was surprised at how many people had shown up to pay their last respects.

Numb with grief, I sat through the services, my loss being made more profound because my wife was still in the hospital, too upset to attend her brother's funeral.

We carefully bore Marty's casket from the church, taking care not to drop it as we moved slowly down the steps, making sure we didn't lose our footing on the slippery surface left behind by last night's snow storm.

Tears of sadness flowed freely down my face as I watched the hearse I was following make its way to Green Valley Cemetery, Marty's final resting place.  Of course, I could have ridden in the family car with the others, but I very much needed to be alone with my thoughts and my memories.

At the cemetery, the wind whipped the fallen snow into miniature cyclones of white crystals that stung our faces as we listened to the minister intone the closing words of the service, ashes to ashes, dust to dust...


Epilogue

I shifted my car into Drive and made my way from this place of the dead, fully realizing that Marty would have wanted me to quickly get back to the business of living.  After all, I had a wife to take care of, as well as a child on the way, a child who would never know just how wonderful a person his or her uncle was.  I still had to get enrolled in school, having gotten permission to delay that event until after the funeral.

As I passed through the gates and onto the main road, I smiled to myself, knowing that even though my love was gone, I would always have the memories of what we shared and learned together.

Finis

