Barb's Initiation
by Stevew

Barb was an incoming freshman at St. Joe High School. She had grown up watching football with her dad and loved the sport. Though she wasn’t allowed to in junior high, this year she would be the manager of the football team and be able to travel with them. For some reason, in junior high, girls weren’t allowed to be managers of boy’s teams.

This year though it would be different. She was in high school now and there was no rules against it. From the time the team started practice in the summer, she was there. On the first day of school she saw a number of girls in her freshman class being hazed. Most of the things the girls were made to do were more of a embarrassing thing than anything else. More than once a girl was made to push a penny across a room with her nose or sing a childish song while jumping up and down. One girl was even made to flash her panties to a group of boys, of course she was one of the few who was wearing a skirt that day. She kept expecting the girls to make her do something like that as well as she also was wearing a skirt, but they didn’t.

Each day she came to school expecting to be made to do something embarrassing, but day by day went by and nothing happened. Friday night was the first home game of the season and Barb was excited to be able to stand on the sidelines with the team. For some reason throughout the day many if not all of the senior girls greeted her and said either “Good luck” or “Have fun.” She suspected that the girls were planning something and wondered what it would be.

The game was a nail biter. Finally, with one second left in the game, St. Joe pulled off a win with a field goal leaving the final score 14/13 in their favor. The atmosphere in the bus for a one mile trip back to the school was electric. Everyone was high on their last minute win.

The seven senior boys asked her to help them in the locker room when they got back to the school. Unlike at some other schools, for the football team anyway, the seniors had their own dressing room and showers it was just one of the perks of being a senior on the team.

She went into their dressing room at the school. She had expected them to be playing a joke on her and trying to embarrass her, but when she got in there she was surprised. Aside from taking off their shoulder pads and jerseys, none of them were undressed they even had undershirts on.

John, the teams quarterback, said, “Your a freshman aren’t you?” Barb said, “Yes, why?” He said, “Well, it’s kinda a tradition. You see the team manager usually showers with the seniors after home games, there’s even a swimsuit for girls like you. It’s in there.” He pointed to a locker at the far end of the room. She hesitated for a few minutes, then John said, “We won’t force you to or anything, but if you would join us we would appreciate it. We will even give you plenty of time for put on the swimsuit before we join you in the shower.” She thought about it for a moment then agreed. She got the swimsuit out of the locker and went into the shower. She stepped behind a wall to hide her body from the boys and changed into the suit, which turned out to be a bikini. She had worn bikinis before, this one was a little more revealing than the ones her parents allowed her to wear. Secretly she had always wanted one like this. Though she was only a freshman, she thought she had a pretty good body. She was five foot one and had nice A-cup verging on B-cup breast. She also had a small but well rounded butt.

Once she was in the suit, she pushed him other clothes around the corner so that they wouldn’t get wet. It was then that she got a look at her first boy’s dick. It wasn’t hard or anything, but it had to be at least four and a half inches long and seemed huge to her virgin eyes. It wasn’t until the first of the boys entered the shower room that she realized that the swimsuit didn’t feel right, somehow. She looked down at her chest and saw to her horror that her nipples seemed to jut out of the material forming a slight rise in the material.

At that point the other boys joined her in the shower and she forgot about anything else. The boys were talking turns washing her hair and she got lost in the sensation. She had always loved it when she went to her hair stylist and they washed her hair in preparation for cutting it. This was a similar sensation.

She then felt them begin to wash the rest of her body. The new sensation felt even better, especially when they brushed across her nipples and breast. She felt a hand traveling down towards her public area and would have stopped it, but at that moment a pair of hands caressed her nipples again and she got lost in the pleasure of having her nipples rubbed.

The hand reached her vaginal lips and began to rub. But it wasn’t until she felt a finger enter the valley between her vaginal lips that somehow her bikini was gone. The boys were rubbing her bare skin and it felt wonderful to her,

She had known that the bikini didn’t feel quite right earlier, but didn’t realize at the time that it was made of a special material that dissolved when it got wet. The boys however knew and took advantage of it by helping it along with their rubbing wetness into it. She, like them, was now totally naked in the shower room. Somehow throughout all of this her hair did get rinsed, though she didn’t know how. The next thing she knew two of the boys were sucking on her nipples causing a tingling sensation between her legs. When the boy who was rubbing her crotch replaced his hand with his tongue her knees buckled. If not for the boys holding her she would have fallen onto the floor. They gently laid her down on her back, the boys sucking on her nipples never lost contact as she was laid down.

The boy between her legs began to lick her in earnest. Soon she was experiencing her first ever orgasm. She was just coming down from the orgasm, when she felt something new rubbing her slit. It didn’t feel like the finger that had touched her earlier and was wondering what it was, and looked down at her crotch. She was about to yell, “NOOO,” when the head and about an inch or so of it sank into her. It wasn’t fully in, but it was in enough to have torn her hymen and she screamed from the pain of it and momentarily passed out. She came to within a few seconds and felt a fullness she had never felt before. The cock was now three quarters of the way into her and she felt the stretching of her internal muscles. It no longer hurt and even felt somewhat good. It wasn’t until he was fully in and pumping in and out that true pleasure took over. Now she not only wanted it, but began to fuck back at him with all her might. By the time he shot his load into her, she was fucking him as hard as he was fucking her, she even came twice in the process.

Once he was done all of the boys took their turns with her. She not fuck them eagerly, she came at least twice with all of them continually begging for more. It became customary after every home game win, and they won all of their home games, that she and the senior boys had an orgy afterward. After their first away game win, she fucked the whole team. Yeah, Barb lived her freshman year of high school. Unfortunately her father was offered a better job and they moved half way across the country that summer.
 