[This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities to any person is coincidental. I hope you enjoy]

[Author's note: For anyone who acts out their fantasies through other people's stories....I would like you to act this story out. If anyone is willing to make a sex video of this story, let me know. E-mail me at saint.morbid@gmail.com. I Don't Want To Participate, But Would Enjoy The Results. Thank you, and enjoy.]


High school was just another trip for Sara, Jessica, Philip, Adriana, and June. Now that high school was over, they started college. Philip being the only male in the group, seemed not shaken by being surrounded by all females. He loved the company of girls, and even the older women. This being said, he has had sex with three of the four girls in his group, all except for June. It's not like he hasn't tried or did everything he could to do so. June, was different from the other girls. Smart, kind of nerdy. She wore glasses, always wore skirts well below her knees. T-shirts usually instead of blouses, and, having recently came out, a lesbian. The rest of the group......goth. But many a man cannot resist the nerdy ones. You never do know what you will get. Heightens the pleasure so they say. But June wouldn't have any of Philips dirty ways.

"Did you hear what happened to Philip the other night?" the other three girls chattered among themselves. "Totally rejected."

"By who?" One asked.

"June." Another answered.

"So sad." The last one replied.

"Sad? Why? Philip ain't all that ya know."

"I know. I fucked him."

"Shit bitch. You ain't telling me nothing new."

The girls continued to talk among themselves. June walked toward the crowd, and the girls pulled her in hugging and beginning other conversations with her. June felt happy, but began to think about the girls naked and her caressing each one of them. Tongueing and suckling their nipples. She sighed in ecstasy. The girls paid attention. What June didn't know was that the other three secretly wanted to fuck her. Spending many nights thinking about it, the girls wanted to know the feel of another girl. June was the one they chose.

"Did you just make a sound, June?" one asked.

"Uh...no-no." June replied, trying to change the subject. "How is everybody doing in English?" She began, rambling on.

"Oh I'm.....doing well."

"Me too."

"Three!" they all replied.

Adriana took a long hard look up and down June's body. Sara imagined being eaten out by June in her bed with music blasting in the background. Jessica licked her lips, and thought quite the opposite of Sara. Jessica wanted to do the eating. She felt her groin muscles tingle and her pussy begin to drip in her panties.

"Well girls, you all do remember what tonight is right?" Adriana spoke up.

June looked puzzled. She couldn't remember, until Jessica chimed in with the answer. "Costume party!" She yelled.

"My house at 10 pm sharp." Adriana said, turning her head towards June.

"But, I don't have a costume." she replied feeling ashamed.

"Oh it's okay hun. Wear all black. Anything you want." sara said sounding a little naughty.

Philip walked over to the crowd and made his way into the conversation. "Did I hear costume party? He asked.

"Uh...yyyyeah. It's.....it's....."

"It's at my house." Sara interupted Adriana. "Yeah. 10 o'clock on the dot.

"Rite on!" Philip burst. He looked at the girls and said,"See you there."

The girls watched him walk away, and once out of sight, June asked,"Why did you tell him it's at your house Sara?"

Sara answered,"Don't worry. Nobody's home. My mother is out of town."

"Yeah," Adriana spoke up,"Um, just a little joke we're playing."

"Right," Jessica agreed.

"Alright. I'll believe you." June responded.

They all said goodbye's for now and walked away in different directions to get ready for the night.


----------------------Later That Night--------------------


June arrived at Adriana's house dressed in a long black skirt, a black band shirt she stole from her older brother, dark makeup, heels, and some goth gear she found in her brothers room a while back. They weren't her brothers, but she thought maybe it was from one of the girls he was fucking at the time. June still kept on her glasses. She never wore contacts, and the glasses seemed to go real well with the outfit. It wasn't much, but for her costume, she was someone different. Someone other than her usual self.

June walked up to Adriana's door, and rang the bell. No response. She knocked a few times, and noticed the sounds of rock music blaring in the background. June opened the door, and entered the house. Nobody was present, but the nearby hallway was lit up leading the way it seemed to someplace. June followed. Perhaps instinct, or possibly unsure of exactly what to do. She followed to the end of the hallway, but, there were three doors. Each door read a certain name. to the left, it read 'Adriana.' To the right, it read Sara.' Dead center straight ahead, 'Jessica.' June wasn't exactly sure of what the hell was going on, but gulped and entered the first door, at her left. Adriana's room. Although, it really wasn't her room. Hers was really the opposite room. But entered she did nonetheless.

"Come in June." a voice called from the dimly lit room. Coming from the bed. It was Adriana's. Yes, her voice very distinct and can be picked quickly from a crowd of girls. "I've been waiting for you."

"Did I miss something?" asked June. "Did the party end so soon? Did I scare anyone away?" She wondered.

"No. Not at all. This, my dear, is the party." Replied Adriana.

"Now I'm definitely lost." She muttered.

"Oh, I think you will find you are in the right place, and definitely at the right time."

"I see."

"We're gonna play a little game. It has three parts." Adriana said. "There are no rules. So, you will not have to worry about anything."

"Uhh...okay" June spoke. "So let me guess, three parts, three names.....so...three girls?" She stopped to ask.

"Ah, very good." Adriana commented.

"I think I get it."

"Uh huh."

"Why?" June asked.

"Oh girl, we always wanted to know what it's like. And you are the one we all chose to be our first."

"Huh?"

"Close your eyes. Relax, and let's make it happen."

June closed her eyes, laid her body down on the soft bed, and relaxed. Adrianas hands moved slowly over June's breast and leaned over to share a first kiss with her. Her lips were soft to the touch, her breath like that of an angels and June's heart beat faster at each gentle touch. Adriana parted June's lips and pushed her tongue in with ease to wiggle her tongue and share a long, deep and intense french kiss. June moaned with pleasure. Adriana obliged with a sensual kiss on the neck. Moving to the ear and nibbling a bit.

"Oh...God! That feels so good." June cooed.

Adriana straddled June's midsection and slowly pulled off her shirt. Her breast small but soft, and her nipples stood out with perfection. Adriana kept all eyes on June, and June did the same. Adriana wore a pair of pink and black panties, and unstraddled June to remove them. Leaning to one side, she slipped her fingers in each side. Pulling them slowly down, she revealed her wet, open pussy to June. Lightly trailed with peach fuzz, which added to the flavor.

"Oh Adriana, you're turning me on."

"Good. That's how I want it."

June leaned over and started to kiss up and down Adrianas stomach, inching her way to the belly button before plunging her tongue deep into the pink hole of Adrianas sopping wet pussy. The taste was so good, so fresh. Having her fair share of it, she hasn't quite tasted a cunt like Adrianas before. June's tongue wiggled and dug deeper into Adrianas hot snatch and the more she did, the more the sounds and smells of sex rose high in the air.

June rose up and slowly and seductively lifting the shirt over her head and knocking the glasses off her face. Adriana grabbed them and slid them back on for her. 

"Keep these on baby." She replied.

"Thanks."

June having no bra on, Unbuttoned the side of her long skirt and slid it off her hips and down her legs before the skirt came completely off. She slid her fingers into the sides of her panties about ready to slip them off, when Adriana stopped to look at them. 

"Emily the Stange, huh?" Adriana asked.

"My favorite." June replied.

"Niiiiice."

June slid them off and revealed her clean shaven light pink center, oozing with juices and ready to be licked. Adriana happily obliged, and dove down licking and sucking and pulling on June's buttcks squeezing and pulling closer and harder. June did not hesitate to cum in Adrianas mouth. The sticky wet and salty flavor drove Adriana crazy. She slipped a few fingers into June's pulsing cunt and finger fucked her to a second orgasm, and again licked up the juices.

"Cum in my mouth, baby." Adriana Demanded.

"Ughhh, Oh God!" June came harder than ever into her mouth. Licking her lips and tasting the flavor, sticky sweet cum slid slowly down Adriana's throat. Her throbbing hole open and begging for a round two.

Adriana flipped her body around and straddled June's face in a full 69 position. They both began to lick deep into eachothers slits and taste eachother with delight and more pleasure. As they continued their necks and heads slipped closer and harder as they rocked and fucked eachothers faces exploding with intense multiple orgasms. They fell back onto the bed nearly crying from their sexual workout.

"That was hot, June. Time for the next part." Adriana said almost out of breath.


------------------Philip's Encounter---------------------


Philip walked up to the front door of Sara's house. He didn't hear any music, and there weren't any lights on, but he knocked again. The living room light came on, and the front door opened slowly. Neither Sara, Adriana, Jessica, nor June answered. There in the doorway stood Sara's mom. Standing at 5'10" and wearing a short pink nightie, Philip gave in to the hot, sexy sight of her fit, sleek frame. Her breasts nearly jumped out at Philip and he could feel a hardness growing in his pants.

"Can I help you?" Sara's mom spoke.

"Uh, I'm here for the costume party." Philip muttered.

"Well, you've been tricked. No party here, Philip."

"Oh, well damn."

"What are you supposed to be anyways?" She asked.

"Uh, haha. Uhm, a pimp." He answered.

"You look like a purple pecker with a hat, Philip." She giggled. "But it's okay."

"Well, uhm. I didn't know what to be." He said embarrassed.

"You're fine, hun." Sara's mom replied. "Would you like to come inside, and, sit down for a few?"

"Sure, I guess I could do that." He answered feeling a bit happier. "Thanks misses, Uhm..."

"Please," She interupted," Call me Anita."

"Anita. That's a nice name, Misses......oops...Anita." He stammered.

"Why thank you sweetie." She replied. "May I get you a drink?"

"Wow. Yes, please."

"What would you like?" Anita asked.

"Uhm, a Jack and Coke?" He said, wondering if she was really going to get it.

Anita smiled and walked into the next room standing at the bar. She poured the whiskey into a clear ice filled glass, and bent over to reach into a small cabinet to collect a can of coke. Philip noticed Anita wasn't wearing any panties and leaned closer as if to get closer to her now visible slit. Anita popped the top of the can and poured it into the glass filling it almost to the top. She turned, just as Philip jumped back trying to seem not so suspicious, and carried the glass to the room where Philip sat. She handed him the glass and he thanked her. He tilted the glass to his lips and took a sip. Tasty.

Before he could say anything else, Anita got on her knees in front of Philip, unzipped his pants and stuck her hand inside wiggling around and grabbed ahold of his now hard cock. "Ah, I knew it." She said. She jerked on him and licked the tip sending Philips head back in a sudden state of lust. Anita lips suckled on his thick shaft and she began sucking him off filling her mouth with more cock than air. She gagged while deep throating him to the balls, but never stopped.

"Suck me hard, Anita." Philip said pulling her hair and thrusting into her face.

"Choke me!" Anita commanded. "Choke me and make me suck your cock harder!"

Philip wrapped his hands around her throat, but not too tight, and choked off light air while pounding her face making her suck him hard. Her hands pulled on to his buttocks and Philip shot a thick load of sperm into Anita's mouth. He kept slamming into her, but loosened his grip and instead yanked and pulled at Anita's hair. She screamed in pleasure and bit lightly on his large erection.

"Fuck my pussy to orgasm right now, bitch!" She demanded, making Philip ejaculate onto Anita's face. She licked up around her mouth and did her best to clean up sucking her fingers and rubbing her clit.

Philip kissed her mouth tasting the salty flavor of his cum leaking down her cheeks.

Two words sparang from Anita's mouth, and these words lit a fire in Philip. His eyes opened wide, and his grin grew wider. The words were, "Hurt me!"

Philip pushed Anita down onto the floor, ripped off her nightie and the rest of his clothing, and slipped his dick between her legs rubing the juices around and thrusting hard and deep inside her. Her pussy opened and invited him inside her. His sex organ pushed and at times felt so hot that he might cum into her womb. He beat hard against her and smacked her face driving Anita crazy and making her scratch deep into the flesh on Philips chest. He screamed, but only for a moment. Philip lifted the right leg of Anita's and drilled his 7 inch cock into her dripping pussy. Anita moaned louder and louder as she stimulated her clit while Philip kept his rhythm in fucking her and beating into her with his thick manhood.

"Fuck my ass!" she said, kissing his mouth and licking his lips.

"I never done that before." he admitted.

Anita smacked him across the mouth, and Philip decided it was gonna happen now. He lifted her up slightly and rubbed her pussy getting the juices ready and rubbed her anal hole lubricating it. He slipped his dick inside her rectum and at first eased slow. His pace quickened and he filled her hole thrusting harder and rubbed her clitoris hard making her moan loud with intense sexual pleasure. She bobbed and rocked back and forth and screamed, "Cum in my ass. Fuck it! Cum inside me." Philip released an incredible thick load into Anita's hole and kissed her hard as his last spurts shot out filling her up.

Anita smiled and Philip lie next to her, kissing her lips and stroking her hair. "That was the most amazing sex I have ever had, Anita." He admitted.

"Let's have a few drinks to toast, hun." Anita again smiled and said.

"Of course."


----------------------Ready For Room two---------------------



June, opened the door of the first room, walked through reentering the hallway, and closed the door behind her. Two rooms left, and it's time to make a decision on which one is next. Looking back and forth she rest her eyes on the next name. 'Sara.' June put her hand on her chest and collected her thoughts. With her other hand, she opened the door across from the previous room, and stepped inside to a pink lit room with a large bed, pillows low music and Sara. As June walked completely in and shut the door, she noticed Sara Leaning back on both arms, wearing only a black band T shirt. Her legsleaning to one side in front of her. June inched her way closer herself also wearing a black shirt. Sara moved her legs and opened them slowly. She held them a short length apart and June kept her eyes on Sara's midsection. Sara's shaved pussy came into view and the soft, pink folds of her netherlips clung together lightly in a haze of absolute perfection. June slid her right index and middle fingers down past her own pubic bone, and slowly began to massage her clit. Her left hand reached for her hole and slid in with ease. Sara took in the sight before her, and opened her legs completely inviting June in for a taste.

As June climaxed and juices dripped down from her fingers, Sara got up off the bed and took them into her mouth, tasting the flavors she has been craving. June reached down, and slid her other hands between Sara's legs. Sara's clitoris stuck out waiting to be touched, and June did so.

June kneeled before Sara and opened Sara's vagina to explore the caverns of her smooth, pink hole. June's tongue began to probe and penetrate deep into her inviting slit and Sara moaned in ecstasy sliding her fingers through June's hair. She let her tongue lick on the outside lubricating the outer labia and twiddling the folds with her tongue.

"I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum!" Sara moaned, thrusting into June's face relishing a hard sexual climax. June opened her mouth to drink and swallow all that Sara had ejaculated.

"mmmm, delish." June cooed.

As June licked the remains from her lips, Sara lay on the bed holding onto two dildos. One pink, the other a light blue. She held them out for June to choose which one she wanted fucking her. She chose pink, as she wanted to fuck Sara's slot with the blue one.

They lay in 69 position next to eachother and slid them in at the same time. Sara licked June's juicy center and pushed the pink dildo into her hole. Her tongue feeling super wet, tapped and tickled June's clitoris making her jump and shake a little at each feeling. It was intense and she returned the favor by opening her mouth up wrapping it around Sara's pussy as she sucked hard and then returned to penetrating her with the light blue fuck stick provided.

June moved forward and pulled Sara's legs down so her ass was in her face, and as she banged Sara's cunt with the blue dick stick, she slowly licked around Sara's asshole before plunging her tongue into it sending Sara into a rave of extra pleasure. She humped June's hand as she came, but kept going without stopping as three more orgasms came over her body and sent sticky fluids leaking onto June, the dildo and the sheets. She let June pop her tongue in and out of her ass and June let go a rush of cum as Sara slowly licked the borders of June's puffy, sexed vagina.

Both girls moaned uncontrollably as pleasures never before felt by either rushed over them, leaving them breathless.

As both relaxed for a few moments, Sara said, "June, I want more. But it's now time for the last room."

"Okay." June responded. They kissed eachother and licked their lips. June got up and put on her shirt and walked towards the door.


-------------------What's Behind Door Number 3?-------------------



June opened the bedroom door and walked through to the empty dimly lit hallway closing the room door behind her. She was back at the beginning. One room left. June faced the center door now being the only one left. Without hesitating, June turned the knob and entered room 3. It was the master bedroom. Much larger and cozy. A king sized bed straight ahead with matching brown bed clothes and quilt.

Sitting on top was Jessica, wearing sexy black panties and matching top. She looked shy, and June walked closer sitting next to Jess and held onto her hand.

"Are you okay, Jess?" June asked.

"I'm sorry. Just nervous. I don't want to ruin this. I've never been with another girl." She spilled.

"It's okay." June said to make her feel at ease.

"I brought this. Will you use it?" Jess asked, holding a strap on dildo up for her.

June grabbed ahold of it, and said, "Yes."

"It will make me feel better. Maybe I will feel better and not use it later." Jess said.

June removed her shirt, and slipped on the strap on. "I will do my best to make it very pleasurable for you, Jess." She assured.

"Okay."

Turn around and bend over on your knees." She said, being easy.

Jess turned around and leaned over in doggy position on the bed. June ran her hand down Jess' backside and pulled her panties to one side revealing her hot peach fuzz slit. She slid her fingers down and slowly eased one finger, then two inside of Jess. She jumped at first, but then relaxed and let her continue. Jess began to drip wetness from her hole. June's fingers rubbed and lubricated around the edges. She raised up holding Jess' hips and slipped the strapped cock into Jess with ease. Jess moaned. Her eyes closed trying to think of any guys face. June rubbed Jess' hips held her shoulders and pumped hard into her.

"UHH!" Jess cried. Her thoughts slowly changing. She knew she wanted this. June's face replaced that of any guys face she was previously thinking of. She moaned more, and June thrust her weight harder into Jess'. The pleasure was almost unbearable, and Jess shot a stream down the thick fuck stick, as it leaked down its shaft and dribbled down June's inner thighs.

Now that Jess let go of her inhibitions and hung her guard in its closet, she turned around and got on her knees. She grabbed the strapped shaft and stuck it in her mouth suckling off her juices and licking her lips. June pulled her hair and kissed her mouth. A hot wave ran through Jess' body like a rush of both adrenaline and lust.

"Lay on your back, June. I wanna eat your pussy." She said, feeling a sexual high like no other.

June lay on her back. Her pussy hot and wet waiting for Jess warm tongue to taste and fuck. Jess licked on June's clit pushing and wiggling hard and fast. Her right hand index and middle fingers pushed lightly into June's rear while her left hand index finger probed her cunt hole.

June screamed in pleasure and began to cry. The tears running down her face were not from a bad pain, but from intense oral and anal satisfaction. Jess continued to lick on June's clit and sucked on the outer lips of her mound.

"Uhh, keep going. Don't stop." she cried.

Jess pulled her fingers from June's ass and her cunt, and moved up to kiss June on her mouth. Their tongues flipped around and tasted eachother in delight.

A sound from the outside made them stop what they were doing. They got up and put their shirts on, and walked out to the hallway. Sara and Adriana met them.


-------------------Surprise At The Door------------------------



"What was that?" Adriana said.

A knock on the door made them jump a little, and Sara called out from where she stood, "Who's there?"

No response.

The girls wrestled up courage and walked towards the front door. Adriana grabbed a bat from the closet as they stopped, and prepared to open it up. Sara grabbed the handle, twisted it, and popped open the door fast as Adriana stood ready to whack anyone who gave her any shit.

"What the hell!" Philip jumped back screaming.

The girls stood in the doorway looking at him and wearing only their t shirts that barely covered their buttocks and front.

Outside it began to rain, and the thunder roared in response to occasional lightning.

"Can I come in?" Philip asked as he pulled his shirt over his head to cover from the downpour.

The girls didn't say a word, but moved out of the way letting him in to dry.

"So what's up?" Philip asked annoyed. "I thought there was a party at Sara's."

The girls left the room, leaving Philip sitting on the couch by himself. "Stay!" Jessica commanded.

"Woof!" Philip replied.

As the girls filled the hallway, they began to whisper amongst themselves.

"I think I have an idea," sara spoke.

"Spill it!" Adriana replied.

"June, I think it's time you knew what it feels like to have a dick inside you." Sara blurted.

Having no idea what was going on, Philip continued babbling into the darkness waiting for them to come back in. "I wore my costume. I was a pimp, but doesn't matter. You Weren't there! I can't believe I was tricked. I went to every one of your homes looking to see where you four really was. And here you all are, hiding out and again leaving me alone." He continued to babble.

The girls remained still, and continued to talk about their idea.

"I don't know, you guys." June spoke nervously.

"Relax. You'll be fine." Adriana added.

"He's already practically begged you to fuck him. Giving it up to him will probably make him your bitch." Sara said.

"Yeah. He's got the biggest crush on you." Jessica said, adding to Sara's comment.

"Really?" June said. "He is kinda cute for a guy.

"Perfect. You'll do fine." Sara replied. He'll fumble around and act like a kid in a candy store. But he'll make sure you are satisfied."

"Yeah."

"Second that."

"Okay, here it goes." June said summoning courage and walking slow towards the living room.

After she walked away, Jessica said, "Make sure she's satisfied? You must be crazy."

"Oh shutup. He may have taken a while to finally make me cum, but, I did nonetheless." sara finished.

Philip was still mumbling as June entered the room. It was dark, except for a dim light coming from a lamp Philip had turned on.

Philip stopped talking as he seen June walk towards him with only a shirt covering her naked frame. June stood up onto the cushions where Philip sat and lowered her clit onto Philips face. Philip opened his mouth and slowly probed her hole and clitoris with his tongue. June rubbed herself up and down on his face as he slurped her juices gushing from her orifice.

The girls watched from the hallway as Philip and June began sharing eachother for the first time. Adriana walked in and lowered herself in front of Philip, unzipping his pants and wrestling them down around his ankles. Her small hands encircled his hard cock and she started licking the tip, and sucking him off. Sara walked in and stood behind the couch and right in front of June. She leaned forward and pressed her lips into June's kissing her mouth and sucking on her tongue. "Mmmm," June moaned.

Outside the thunderstorm continued setting the mood for the perfect sex. 

Jessica entered the room, and helped Adriana suck on Philip's hard dick. As Sara continued to kiss June, Adriana and Jess set up Philips cock to penetrate June's wet pink hole. Philip ate June's pussy wildly as if he found buried treasure. As he eased up, the girls helped lower June onto Philips lap, easing his cock in, and letting June feel the pleasures of a hard cock inside her.

As they helped her out, the girls left the two to their own encounter as they went to Adriana's room to play with each other.

Philip felt the heat from June's drenched hole sliding up and down on him. He thrust up as best he could to help her as she bounced on his lap. She leaned down and kissed his mouth giving him a first kiss, and making him smile and tingle all over.

"I want to suck your dick." She said stopping for a second.

Before Philip could say a word, she leapt from his lap and knelt between him taking all of his cock into her mouth. She felt the textures of his penis as it slid in and out of her mouth, almost hitting her tonsils at each thrust. She kept going. She could taste a mix of precum and her pussy juice leaking down her throat.

"Do you like that?" June asked as she removed him from her mouth.

"Yes. Keep going." He said anxious to be inside her mouth again.

"Nope," June said, teasing him, "If you want more, you have to beg."

"Oh God, please oh please." Philip pleaded. "I love you, June. I have always loved and wanted you." He added.

June paused. "Really?" she said sounding a bit shocked.

"Yes, I always have." He said.

She popped him back inside her mouth, and licked his head like a sucker, twirling and swallowing him. Philip moaned and pulled her head lightly down on him.

"If you love me, cum in my mouth." She said demanding that he make it happen.

Philip lost it and shot spurts of thick white semen into her mouth. She invited it in and swallowed it all leaving no drops behind.

"Okay," June said staring at him, "Fuck me now."

Philip pushed her back onto the couch, as she smiled at him. He beat on his cock getting it hard again for her. She stuck one finger deep inside her, pulled it out and sucked on it. Philip moaned and plunged into her slot filling her with his now bulging erection.

"Do you love me?" she asked.

"Yes." he answered.

He thrust harder.

"Do you want me?" She asked him.

"More than anything."

"Fuck me then." She said pulling him into her as he slammed into her pounding her pussy and shaking the couch. "Fuck me hard, Philip!" She demanded.

He tore into her cunt filling her with a load of cum. "Cum inside my pussy, baby!" she screamed. "Fill me up."

Philip indulged in the sounds of her screaming and wanting his thick load buried deep inside her. Spurts of cum shot out and felt neverending. He popped his dick out and stuck it in her mouth and shot one more stream of jizz down her mouth. She licked up the nut and swallowed the rest.

Philip breathed heavy as June lay feeling completely satisfied. She realised it was the best sex she ever had.

"Fuck me again!" she begged.

Out of breath, but still holding a huge erection, Philip once again dove in her pumping her cunt hard as he could. Her legs wrapped around his back and she pumped herself on him. The intensity was powerful, and her body quivered as he nestled deper and deeper in her filling her body with lust that completely took control. She yanked his head down making him suck on her tits. He pulled out, smacked his cock on her mound and thrust it back in. She cried out in pleasure.

"Cum in me again." She cried. "Make me a baby."

Philip kept thrusting harder and deeper, satisfying her hole and giving her another huge load of cum. It burst from him hard and shot deep inside her. His body shook as he squeezed out what remained.

"I love you too, Philip." she said, pulling him close to hold. Their bodies lay holding eachother for hours after.


-------------------------8 Months Later--------------------------


June became pregant, and was soon to give bith to twins. she married Philip, and still enjoyed the pleasures of a females body. The group never left eachothers side and the five continued sharing their bodies with one another.

Jess and Sara hung out alone more, spending their time fulfilling each others fantasies. They both gave up men.

Adriana swings both ways and fucks the three and Philip at times. She visited Sara's house, and started talking with Anita when Sara wasn't home. They began a relationship, enjoying the fulfillment of an older woman.

Anita is also pregnant. Philip told June about his encounter, and she forgave him since it was before they got together. 


END

