Title: Prices 
Author: Angel 
Parts: 1/4 and 2/4 
Pairing: Sela/Wesley, Wesley/Riker (Data/Sela in upcoming 
sections)

Disclaimer; Usual. I disclaim any knowledge of this fic. 
Rating NC-17. Explicit gay sex in this part, het sex coming. 

Note: Unbeta'd will take suggestions. Also, first het in a 
long time, be patient.

- - - - - - - -

"Beverly, darling, I've been going over accounts." The look on
Wynn Adami's face was studied concern. "I'm so sorry, but we can
no longer afford to keep young Wesley with us. We'll find him a
good owner." And hopefully a good price was left unsaid.

Beverly very carefully avoided looking at Dignitary Wynn's new
gown, made of Terran silk, hand embroidered with gold thread.
She did not send a pointed glance at the newly purchased 10th
century Vulcan tapestry that hung on the wall. She didn't even
stare at the elaborately carved Bajoran table Wynn had purchased
a year ago

"Yes, mistress. I will tell him."

"Beverly, please, this isn't easy for me either. I'm very fond
of young Wesley, and he is a help. But I am a minor functionary,
and my salary is not enough to keep three slaves. Especially
with the increase in live property tax that just passed."

That you helped pass, Beverly didn't say.

"That is all." Wynn dismissed her.

Beverly walked back to the small room she shared with her son.
She knew she should be grateful she'd had him for sixteen years,
instead of the five that was normal among Terran slaves living
on Bajor. But somehow that just made it harder to let him go.
She'd hoped that someday she could convince the Dignitary that
Wesley should be freed to serve Bajor in a technical capacity.
He was so talented, it would be a waste for him to be turned
into a bed-slave. She hated that thought, but held no illusions
about what uses her beautiful son would be put to once sold.

Wesley was, as usual, putting dinner on the table when she
returned. She ate in silence, the food barely making it past the
lump in her throat. When she looked at Wesley, the tears that
had been stinging her eyes flooded hotly down her cheeks.

"Mom? What's wrong?"

"Oh Wes," she pulled him close, hugging him fiercely.

"Uh-oh."

"Uh-oh is good, Wes." The note of hysteria made her deliberate
flippancy frightening. "Mistress has informed me you are to be
sold."

"Oh Mom."

They held each other for a long time. The next few days were
strained. Wes went about his work, perfectly, silently. The look
of sadness on Beverly's face was indelible. Wynn was having
second thoughts when a call came in that changed her mind.

"Wesley, this is Will Riker. He's from Risa." Diplomat Wynn
introduced the bearded human male who sat edgily in one of her
dainty chairs. He looked completely out of place in the
incredibly feminine environment.

The big man stood up almost to the ceiling and shook Wesley's
hand. "I've heard a lot about you. And when I heard the smartest
slave in six sectors was for sale, I knew I had to come buy him.
I have a small son, who will need a pedagogue soon."

Wesley's eyes lit up, but Beverly looked confused. "Really,
sir? I'd be allowed to teach him?"

"What's a ped-uh-go?" Beverly asked.

"Pedagogue, Mom. It's from ancient Earth. The Greeks had a
slave that served as a tutor for their sons."

"And, if you do well, when he no longer needs you, I can free
you." Beverly clasped Wesley's hands a little tighter, her joy
uncontainable.

"Beverly, is this all right?" asked Adami.

"Thank you, Mistress, for finding him a good home."

"I couldn't have you pining for him. Will is a Free Terran, and
I'm sure he'll make good on his promises."

"Mom. I love you. I'll miss you. This will be a good place for
me, I'm sure." He bent to kiss her, and she hugged him tightly,
her eyes bright with unshed tears. He picked up his satchel and
went to stand beside Riker. "I'm ready. Goodbye, Mistress Adami.
Goodbye, Mom."

The big man led him out the door to a waiting groundskimmer
that took them to the port where the ship waited. It was an
older yacht, but well maintained. Riker piloted with a skill
Wesley had never seen in a human.

"Do you think you could teach me to fly, Sir?"

Wesley's bright-eyed enthusiasm sparked a smile from his new
owner. Now if only he was this enthusiastic about all the
lessons. Deciding to gauge his new slave's information
processing and retention, Riker gave a lazily calculated smile.
"Sure."

The boy picked up on the controls very quickly, and Riker was
pleased. Not only beautiful as advertised, but smarter than the
stupid Bajoran bitch had suspected. This one was definitely
worth something. Pity he'd fetch more as a virgin.

The trip back to Risa was long, but during it, Riker plumbed
the depths of Wesley's knowledge, finding the young man both
brilliant and quick of wit. Every now and then, the boy would
look at him with those big liquid eyes, and he would have to
fight himself to keep from taking him right there on the deck.

They landed on Risa late at night, and Wesley was amazed by
Riker's house. It was larger than Mistress Adami's, and he
frankly gaped at the height of the ceilings.

Riker noticed. "Hazard of being tall. I need my space. I felt
crowded at Diplomat Wynn's. Come on. I'll show you to your room.
Everyone else is in bed. You can start tomorrow."

Wesley sat down on the narrow bed and turned on the bedside
lamp. Master Will had told him he could contact his mother, so
he composed a short letter, telling her he had arrived safely,
and learned to fly. He sent it out and lay down to sleep.

A loud shouting awakened him shortly after dawn. Six big men
burst into the small room, seized him and hauled him, half awake
and protesting, to an enormous bathroom. They stripped him,
scrubbed him and one did his hair while another outlined his
eyes with kohl. A third went to work accenting his complexion
with cosmetics. The fourth started in with jewelry. He yelled as
his ear was pierced and a Terran gem set in it.

When they finished, Wesley gaped at himself in the mirror. The
gawky boy had been transformed into a painted, pretty pet.
Subtle color highlighted his cheeks. A slightly darker shade
made his nipples look aroused, even though the tiny clamps that
pinched them erect hurt. The darkest shade of all had a faint
glittery sheen to it. One of the men had kissed and sucked at
his penis until it came erect, then fitted him with a gold ring
to keep it that way. The blush had been added to accent the
shape of the head.

He found the alteration disconcerting. Two of them hauled him
out into a formal parlor, still naked and dropped him to kneel
in front of a small pair of booted feet. He looked up slowly.

A Romulan uniform met his scrutiny, topped by a hard face. The
woman stared down at him, and her face broke into a smile.

"Oh, Will, you haven't disappointed me. He's gorgeous. Such big
eyes. I'll take him."

"Glad you like him, Sub-Commander. You'll find him very
reasonably priced." Will Riker handed the Romulan woman a glass
of something as she continued to look him over. "His birth name
is Wesley Crusher."

"A fierce name in your language. I may need to change it. He
looks intelligent."

"Very. Please, feel free to sample him."

A strong hand under his chin pulled Wesley up to meet the kiss
that the Romulan woman pressed to his lips. This was nothing
like a kiss from his mother, and he startled when her tongue
poked at his lips. Her mouth was hot, and his own burned after
she pulled away.

"You didn't tell me he was a virgin. Or does he like boys?"

"Virgin. Sub-Commander, if you would like, we could negotiate a
price now, or--"

"You will take six bars of latinum. That is more than fair."

"Yes, Sub-Commander."

"A beautiful virgin Terran. I'm going to enjoy this one."

A green-toned hand ran down the side of his face to touch the
newly-pierced ear. He flinched, his eyes tearing up. She seized
his hair in one hand and tweaked the sore earlobe, eliciting a
yelp.

"Will," she dropped two strips of latinum on the table. She was
turning greener. "I want you to deflower him for me. I want to
watch. But gently, gently. I don't want him hurt. Yet. Show this
beautiful boy exactly what he can expect from a man."

Sela watched as the big Terran bent her new prize over a nearby
table. Her Wesley was so lovely, all soft and pink and naked, so
much smaller than the man who held him down. Riker stroked him
gently, whispering reassurances, but he remained tense. She
hoped he wouldn't be that tense when she had him perform with
her Data unit.

Finally, Will got him to relax, but he yelled and tensed up
again when he was penetrated with a finger. Sela stood up and
walked to the side of the table. She cupped Wesley's face in her
hands and leaned close. "Pretty, you need to calm down." She
slid a hand under him and toyed with the chain of the clamps. "I
could have him make this very painful for you." She jerked a
clamp off one nipple and he yelped. "But I want it to be good. I
don't want you to be afraid of this."

"Mistress?" he managed. "Please, don't."

"Sweetheart, he's not going to hurt you. Breathe deeply. Here,
kiss me." She bent in and kissed the boy. He clung to her lips,
less afraid of her than of the big man behind him. She slid her
tongue into his mouth, and he opened for her as she learned all
the soft wet crevices of him. He was so absorbed in the kiss, he
didn't notice that one finger had become two.

Will reached deep and felt for the sweet spot that would send
young Wesley through the table. A sudden muffled cry told him
he'd found it. He rubbed it until the boy was writhing almost
out of his grasp. Then, he pulled his hand away and entered.

Wesley screamed into Sela's mouth and she pulled away. "Shhh,
everything is all right. You did just fine, pretty. The worst is
over." The big eyes filled with tears that he would not let
fall, and she savored his pain like fine wine.

"So beautiful. Now, let me watch. You won't be hurt." Sela sat
back in her chair and watched. Wesley clutched the edge of the
table, his eyes squeezed shut. Will was kind, and took the
defloration slowly, stroking the younger man, and trying to
relax him. All very erotic. She slid a hand into her uniform as
she watched her new toy. So beautiful, being taken like this,
his pain the final piquant touch. She was tremendously aroused,
and decided to further the young man's education.

She slid out of her uniform trousers, and carefully spread her
legs. "Open your eyes, boy." Wesley obeyed at once, and gaped at
the sight before him. "Never seen a woman like this, have you?
That's all right. You just watch while I show you how I like to
be touched." The long fingers stroked the greenish labia and
dived into the opening, collecting some of the moisture, before
slipping up to rub at the prominent bump at the top of her
vulva. Wesley watched, agog that she would touch herself like
this. He almost forgot what was happening behind him. A sudden
deep thrust seemed to light up his whole spine and he arched
into it.

"I told you he'd come around," Will said.

"I had not doubt," Sela managed, her fingers working in time
with the man's thrusts. "Any time you wish to finish, human."
She brought herself to a searing orgasm. Wesley watched as the
green flush crept over her cheeks.

It was over at last, and the enormous weight of the slaver was
off of his back. He let go of the table, flexing cramped
fingers, to stand before his mistress. She motioned for him to
kneel, and extended her hand, running musky fingers along his
lips until he opened and kissed them. She slid them in deeper,
letting him get a good taste.

He ducked his head so she wouldn't see the blush. Sela ignored
him, dressed, and began removing all the pretty accouterments
Riker's trainers had put on him.

"Time to go home, little one." She pulled him to his feet and
kissed him again. "Will, as always, a pleasure doing business
with you."

Sela beamed him aboard a small craft. She shackled him to the
pedestal base of the command chair she ordered the crew to break
orbit, uncaring that the boy was naked in front of a dozen
strangers.

"Set course for Homeworld," she ordered.

The first hours were taken with ship's business, as Wesley grew
more and more chilled from the cold metal deck. Sela ignored
him, pausing only occasionally to stroke his thick hair.

"A pretty toy, subcommander," commented the second officer as
he held out documents for her to sign.

"Isn't he? I paid too much, but those eyes," she turn his face
up to show them off, "they said 'buy me.' And who am I to argue?"

"Are his lips supposed to be bluish, subcommander?"

Sela pulled his face around and noticed the goosebumps on him.
Hastily, she unlocked Wesley from her chair.

"Take him to my quarters. Give him warm food and drink, and a
blanket." She pulled the boy down to her. "Be ready when my
shift is over, pretty one." She kissed him lightly and sent him
with the second officer.

Sela couldn't focus for the rest of her shift. She signed what
was put in front of her, and ignored the ship's workings for the
most part, her thoughts in her cabin with her new toy. He would
be most elegant draped across her bed, awaiting her with only
his eyes outlined in smoky grey, wearing pale blue silk
trousers. She wanted to see him spread to the four corners of
her bed, held in place with bindings that contrasted his skin.
She wanted. And she would have.

- - - - - - - - -

Part 2: Mistress

Sela paused outside her door to calm herself.  This was unlike
her. Ordinarily so calm and cool, she was being sent into
distracted excitement over the thought of a new slave boy.  She
entered the room.

"When I enter, pretty," she announced, sitting down in one of
the eating chairs, "you will remove my boots, deliver my shoes
and ask 'how may I serve you, Mistress?' Do so now."

Wesley unwrapped himself from the blanket he was huddled in and
went to kneel at her feet.  He tugged off one boot and the
other.  He paused and looked around.

"My shoes are by the bed.  Go.  Crawl."  Sela watched, savoring
the motion of the lithe young body as the boy crawled to her bed
and picked up her shoes.  He turned the ornately stitched
leather over in his hands wonder how he'd get them back. 
Finally, he improvised, crawling on 3 limbs and holding the
shoes close to his chest.

"Oh, clever boy," she said as he slipped the shoes onto her feet.

"How may I serve you, Mistress?"

"Dinner.  Menu 7 from the replicator.  Most days I will leave
you with your instructions and you will have a meal ready when I
come in."

Wesley crawled to the wall and stood up to reach the
replicator.  He pressed the icon that looked like food but could
not read the Romulan words.  Sela watched him closely. He
puzzled and then pressed a few icons.  In moments, Menu 7 was on
the table before her and Wesley knelt at her feet again.

Pleased at his cleverness, she ate in silence, favoring him
with the occasional stroke or pat.  As a reward, she held out a
small piece of meat from her plate.  Wesley looked up at her.

"Take it, pretty.  In your teeth.  It's a reward."

He nipped it delicately out of her fingers and ate.  "Thank
you, Mistress."

"Now, my clever, beautiful boy, I want you to clear the table
and then go to the bed.  Quickly.  I will be there when I am
ready."  She would let him stew a while and he would tremble
when she touched him.

As Wesley stood to clear the dishes, she caught him and pulled
him to her for a kiss.  He opened for her tongue this time, and
she took pleasure in exploring his mouth, learning the secret of
this callow youth.  She could see she had aroused him, and let
him go.

She watched him deliver the dishes to the recycler and then
crawl toward the bed.  The trepidation on his face only made his
submission sweeter.  He was so well trained, and used to be
ordered about by a woman.  She wondered who had owned him
before.  Whoever had was a fool to sell him.

Duty, duty, always duty.  Sela looked over some efficiency
reports, and slated a couple of officers for execution.  Their
sections were slack, and they needed to be made examples.  Their
successors would take a lesson and run the departments more
efficiently

Two coded communiques from home told her of the latest in the
plans for a coup.  The Empress was turning soft in her dotage
and a strong military hand was needed to keep the Romulan Empire
a force that would strike fear from Terra to Bajor and beyond.

She desperately wanted to be that hand.  Bajor with its warrior
mystics would come under the sway of Romulus.  Terra, which they
owned, would cede to Romulus.  Even Vulcan, in time, might be
reunited with her sister.  Klingons and Ferengi would have to be
eradicated.

Lost in pleasant dreaming, she barely noticed the flicker of
ship's lights, warning her the night-cycle was about to begin. 
The lights dimmed to quarter-brightness all over the ship,
except at duty stations.  Sela rose from her couch, put her
reading aside and made her way into the bedroom.

Wesley was kneeling in the middle of her bed, his eyes huge and
dark in the dim light.  Sela stared as she slowly stripped out
of her uniform.  Naked as he was, she walked to the bed, the
spiked rank straps of her uniform still held in her hand.

"Mistress?  How may I serve you?"  The boy's voice trembled but
he held position.

Without warning, she laid the spiked leather across his back,
and drew a scream from him.  He stayed kneeling, tears starting
down his face to match the blood on his back.

"You've done nothing to displease me," Sela said coldly.  "That
was your warning.  If you fail me, that will be your punishment,
and not a tap like that one."  She moved in close and licked
away the strange red blood that flowed down his back.  "I can
flay the skin from you, boy, and no one will stop me.  I can
kill you, and no one will say a word.  But," she rose and picked
up a sprayer, "I won't.  I have other plans for you."  She
sprayed the narcoseal over the wounds, killing the pain and
stopping the bleeding.

"You're too beautiful to waste," she said, pushing him to lie
back and kneeling over his belly. "Now, little virgin," she
chuckled.  The playfulness frightened Wesley more than anything
he'd seen so far.  "Oh but not for long."  She reached back and
grasped his cock, stroking it erect.

"Have you the faintest notion what to do with this, boy?" she
asked.

"No, mistress."  He arched into her hand, the sensations
overwhelming him.

"I'll teach you."  She scooted back and engulfed him in a
single smooth motion.  "Mmmm.  Perfect. Now, I'm going to move. 
You lie back and enjoy it."

She twisted her hips, settling the young human deep within her.
She slid slowly back and forth, making sure she found his
hipbone, and got plenty of friction for herself. He was
unskilled, but he would learn.  She smiled down at him as he
hesitantly reached for her breasts.

"Clever pretty."

He cupped them and rubbed his thumbs across the green nipples. 
They stood erect at his touch and he raised his head to kiss one.

"Very clever."  Sela climaxed once, and watched his face as he
shut his eyes and stiffened.  Youth had no staying power.  
"Mmm, very good.  You have a lot to learn, boy.  But you'll be
fine."

She swung off of him, and gestured to the floor.  As soon as he
was down, a cuff locked around his ankle, fastening him to bed
with a length of polycable.  "Mistress?"

"You'll sleep on the rug beside my bed, pet.  Do you read
standard Terran?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good.  I'll have some things for you to study while I'm on
duty.  Lights out."  The dim light went out shrouding the cabin
in total darkness.

Sela lay on the bed, thinking.  She could hear Wesley's
breathing level out and become even.  He'd been through a lot
today, and she had much more planned for the rest of his life. 
The upcoming coup filled her thoughts with the lust for power. 
She'd always hungered for it.  Once she realized what she was:
half-breed, not true Romulan, she'd craved enough power to keep
herself safe.  Her father's wife had produced no heir.  She'd
been born to his concubine, a Terran.  He'd dyed her hair black
from birth, and raised her to follow his footsteps in the
spacefleet.

Wesley lay on the floor regulating his breathing, feigning
sleep.  At least it was carpeted here, and not the cold metal of
the command deck.  He ached all over from the worst day of his
life.  Brutalized by the prep men, raped by Riker, half-frozen,
then used again by his mistress.  This would become his life. 
He feared the complacency that was overtaking him.  He knew his
only hope was to be utterly perfect so she'd keep him.  Whatever
she wanted him to learn, he'd study.  Anything to stay in her
bed and not be sold, maybe to a man, or put to manual labor.

In the morning, he served her breakfast.  She went on-shift,
leaving a stack of booktapes for him to study.  He plugged the
first one into the reader, and recoiled in shock before calming
down.  Of course she would want him to study erotic techniques. 
He began reading.

Sela tended to her business of running the ship.  Now that she
had sampled him, the Terran did not complicate her thoughts so. 
There were other things to plan.  He would learn, she would be
sated, and all her desires would be hers within a year.

TBC 