An Island To Ourselves
by EmiTsuruta

Kiyomi and Eden invite us to camp in their island cottage.

Oh! There was this one time when my boyfriend Ryosuke and I went camping. That was really embarrassing!

Years ago, when I first arrived in Oceanview in California, Ryosuke used to hang around with a girl named Kiyomi. I guess she was nice enough and everything, but when I first met her I kind of felt threatened because she and Ryosuke seemed to be so close, and I liked him. I guess she is smart and independent, but I couldn't help noticing things, things that are strange about her. She would wash her hands over and over, was a bit on the hefty side for a Japanese, and didn't seem to smile that much... around me anyway. She did seem to know all these things about Ryosuke, his likes and dislikes. They seemed to have a lot of in-jokes.

Eventually, he asked me out, and we started dating, and became an item. I felt like I'd stolen him away from her. She kind of disappeared, and then we heard she was going out with an American guy, Eden. Eden is a strange one too. He's medium height, normal looking, was born in the States, lived in Japan for a little bit, and didn't really seem comfortable in his own skin. He seemed skittish of us, always running away, avoiding conversation. Anyway, as long as she's happy, I shouldn't complain.

After Kiyomi graduated, they moved up the coast to this town near San Francisco. I hadn't heard anything about her for the longest time, and then one day Ryosuke says Eden and she had invited us to come visit them. I didn't really want to go, but Ryosuke seemed keen, so I went along with it.

The day of our trip, Ryosuke showed up at my door with the car he'd rented. He had on his dark sunglasses, glossy sweatshirt, all dressed up and ready to party. I was still rushing around, in blue jeans and a white t-shirt, doing my make up, trying to make myself beautiful for this face-off with my arch-rival.

"Emi, relax," Ryosuke said. "We've got the whole day to get there. Where is everybody anyway?"

"Loretta's at work, and the kids are at day camp," I called out from the bathroom. "What are you up to?"

"Oh, I borrowed a camcorder from school, so I'm just trying it out."

I poked my head out the door, and he started filming me.

"Hey, cut that out. I'm not ready."

"You look fine. You look cute like that."

I took a look in the mirror, but I wasn't convinced. My hair was still wet and unruly from my shower.

"You smell delicious, too. Mmm." He came in, and stood behind me videoing us in the mirror. He wrapped his arms around me, and gave me a hug.

"Ryosuke! I'm trying to get ready!"

"Oh, c'mon, Emi. There's no one around. Relax."

I gave him a shy smile, and went back to fixing my hair. He was all excited though at being alone with me here in my house. He reached down, and tried to undo the button on my jeans.

"Hey!" I protested.

"I just want to show all our home viewers what a lovely body you have."

He was trying to pretend like he was filming a live TV show. I wasn't sure if the camera was on even, but he undid my zipper next.

"Ms. Tsuruta, I'm going to make you a star," he joked. I kept working on my hair, but Ryosuke finally yanked my jeans down, and then grabbed my panties dragging them down too. Suddenly I was naked from the waist on down. I was kind of worried about Loretta, but I guess she wouldn't be home until much later. It felt so naughty fooling around here at the house.

"It's too crowded in here," Ryosuke concluded, pointing to the counter which was blocking his shot of my pussy. "Come on out into the hall."

He made me kick off my jeans and panties. I reluctantly followed him out. He had the camera pointed straight at my pussy, so I covered it with my hand.

"C'mon, Ryosuke. Quit joking around."

"Oh, don't ruin it, Emi. Pretend we're making a movie." He started backing down the stairs, still filming.

"At least let me put some clothes on." I tugged at my t-shirt trying to cover up my lush black bush. I hadn't even trimmed my pubic hair, so it was a bit unruly too.

"No, no, you look gorgeous just like that. Come on downstairs. We'll pretend like you're going out."

I shook my head no, but Ryosuke came back, and took my hand leading me downstairs. I didn't want to argue, but I was kind of worried.

"Ryosuke, I don't think this is a good idea. What if Loretta or Brandon come home?"

"You said they're out! Don't worry. It'll be fine. Here put on your shoes," he said handing them to me. I took them from him, and sat my bare behind down on the bottom step. It felt cold and strange.

"What do I need shoes for?" I asked.

"I want to film you going out the front door."

"Oh, that's crazy. I'm not going out there dressed like this," I told him, gesturing at my pussy.

"Hmm. Oh I know. Where's your purse?"

"In my room."

He ran up, and came back with my purse.

"Here. Use this to hide your cunt."

"Ryosuke!"

"You've got a great body. Nothing to be ashamed of. Here I'll make sure no one's coming." He opened the front door, and peered out. I was so worried someone would see. I finally got him to close the door.

"I don't know, Ryosuke..."

"C'mon, Emi. It'll be fine."

I knew this was a bad idea. It was broad daylight out, and some of my neighbors were probably home, maybe even watching at their windows. I looked positively indecent with my bush showing, and nothing covering my caboose at the back.

I was happy that he finds me sexy. I guess I can admit I was a bit excited at the thought of going outside naked. He kept begging for me to do it, so finally, I agreed.

"OK, but after this, I'll get dressed, and we'll go, OK?"

"All right," he nodded his eyes gleaming. I pulled my purse over my pussy, but it was so small. You could still see my bottom. I put my hand on the door handle, but my heart was pounding in my chest.

"Here, pull up your t-shirt. I want a clear shot of your ass."

"Ryosuke!"

It was embarrassing enough as it was. While I was stood there wavering, he came over, pulled my t-shirt up, and took a close up of my behind. Embarrassed, I tried to cover it with my hand, but he just chased my hand away.

I peeked out the window, and no one seemed to be around, so I got up my nerve, and opened the door. My whole body was tingling like crazy. I looked back at him, and giggled.

"How's this?"

He looked really excited. Feeling braver now, I went all the way out, and stood on the front porch basking in the warm sun. The breeze felt nice on my hips and between my legs. I turned back to Ryosuke, and gave him a big smile. He was just loving all this, proud of me for being so daring.

I peered down toward the corner where there were cars going by on the main street that runs crossways to ours. I don't think they could see me, but I felt so naughty flashing them like this. I scanned the houses too, looking for signs of life. I couldn't see anyone at their windows, but there were so many houses, it was hard to tell for sure.

Suddenly though, this big banging noise made me jump. Not wanting to take any chances, I scrambled back inside, slamming the door behind me. My whole body was shaking. Ryosuke came over, and gave me a deep kiss.

"God, you're incredible." We both wanted to have sex by then, but it took him a minute to get out a condom. He sat down on the step, and I got up on top of him guiding my pussy down onto his cock. I slid up and down on top of him, going at it like crazy, like two animals in heat. I was so turned on. It was the raunchiest sex we'd had in a while.

It wasn't long before I came. I could still feel him up inside of me, but I was completely gone by then. It took a long time before I came back down. Eventually, we went upstairs, and showered. We had to get going if we were going to get there by nightfall.

We got to Eden and Kiyomi's house pretty late. Eden was a bit more normal this time, trying to make nice. Kiyomi was prettier I guess now that she was in a relationship. I still felt jealous, but she seemed pretty secure, not trying to start anything. She is pretty sensible I guess.

They took us out to supper at a restaurant in town. I chatted with Kiyomi, while Eden talked poor Ryosuke's ear off. Kiyomi and Eden had to work the next day, so we went back to their place, and went to bed early.

The next day, we saw them at breakfast. They headed off to work. We went to San Francisco to see Japantown, Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf. That was fun.

That night, when we got back to their house, Eden was already home, and Kiyomi came back soon after we did. I guess I should have known that something was up. Eden was kind of staring at me while he talked, and not at my face either. His eyes kept wandering up and down my body. At first, I wondered if it was the way I was dressed, but I was just wearing a t-shirt and jeans, nothing special.

He kept going on about this weird dream he'd had the night before. In the dream, he had his... well, you know, his equipment out, and was spraying a whole bunch of people (I'm not joking either. I swear that's what he said). I just looked at him so shocked that he was telling us all this. I didn't know what to say. Kiyomi gave him this funny look, but she didn't seem surprised at all. Eden kept on talking about it over and over. Even Ryosuke seemed a bit uneasy. There was this long awkward silence, and then Kiyomi finally managed to drag Eden off to bed.

When we got back to our room, Ryosuke went straight to his suitcase. He looked half frantic.

"What's wrong?"

"Eden must have seen the video."

At first, I didn't understand what he was talking about, but then I remembered the camcorder. At the time, I didn't think he was really filming me, but it turned out he was. I couldn't believe it. Had Eden snuck into Ryosuke's luggage, and seen this video of me prancing around bottomless on our front step? That would be so embarrassing. I could hardly imagine a worse thing happening.

"Damn! I must have left my suitcase unlocked."

"No! Eden wouldn't break into your suitcase, would he?" I didn't want to believe it. No one could be that sneaky, could they? Go through our luggage? I didn't know Eden that well, but I didn't want to believe he would do something like that. But then why had he suddenly started telling us about spraying people? It was so humiliating to think that Eden, this American guy I barely know, had seen a video of me running around naked. No wonder he'd been staring at me. He must think I'm some kind of nymphomaniac. Oh, why on earth did I agree to come here in the first place?

Anyway, luckily, the next morning was supposed to be our last day there. I saw Eden at breakfast. He was still acting weird, but not as bad as the night before. They had to go to work though, so they gave us a ride to the station, and said goodbye. Ryosuke apologized for messing up, but we tried to just forget about it, and enjoy our last day.

After we got back to Oceanview, we didn't hear from them for a long time. Then one day, Ryosuke got an email from Kiyomi inviting us to go to Eden's family cottage. This time, I really didn't want to go. I was embarrassed enough as it was without having to face Eden again. Even so, Ryosuke tried to talk me into it. He pointed out that Eden hadn't said anything about the video after that, so maybe we were fretting over nothing. Ryosuke argued that it would be rude to say no. Kiyomi was the sensible type, so it wasn't like Eden would try anything, even if he had seen the video. I still didn't feel right about the whole thing, but eventually, I gave in, and agreed to go.

We rented a car, and drove up north, way up the coast to this kind of rugged forested area. We met them on this dock in the middle of nowhere. Eden was dressed like a ship's purser in a white shirt with stripes on the shoulder. He was still a bit distant running around getting ready. Kiyomi was even prettier than before, trying to be friendly, and make us feel at home.

Eden took us on this little motorboat out to his family's island. At first, I thought his family must be rich to own a whole island. We rode past these other islands. Some of them had really nice chalets on them, but once we got to Eden's island, it turned out to be really small, with just this small log cabin on it. The cabin was really rough inside, but they'd apparently done a lot of cleaning to get it ready. Inside it was like one room, but there were just a few boards up marking off the boundaries of the kitchen, living room and bedroom.

We made some supper, and then sat around chatting for a while. Outside it was so quiet and peaceful. I finally started to calm down a bit. Maybe I'd gotten myself all worried over nothing.

Once the sun went down, it got really dark because there was no electricity. All we had was a flashlight and a small kerosene lamp. It got so dark we eventually decided to just go to bed. Eden said Ryosuke and I could sleep in the bedroom, while the two of them slept on a sofa bed in the living room.

I still felt a bit nervous about the whole situation. From the kitchen, you could see into our bedroom, and there weren't any curtains on the windows, so there wasn't much privacy. I lay in bed awake for a while listening, but all I could hear were the crickets chirping outside and the sound of waves lapping up on the rocky shore. Soon Ryosuke dozed off, so I went to sleep too.

In the middle of the night, I woke up. Ryosuke opened his eyes, awake too. It sounded like Eden and Kiyomi were still asleep. Ryosuke started kissing me, and pretty soon he'd pulled my pajamas off, and we started making love. It did feel kind of naughty, doing it with Eden and Kiyomi sleeping so close by. I got up on top of him and started bouncing around, teasing his cock, really enjoying myself. I guess I kind of got overheated, and started to feel thirsty. I lifted my hips, shuddering with pleasure as his cock slid out of me.

"Where are you going?" he whispered, disappointed.

"Just to get some water to drink." I carefully opened the door to our bedroom. It sounded like Eden and Kiyomi were still asleep. I tiptoed out--stark naked--into their dark room, and went around the end of the sofa they were sleeping on. About halfway round though, I bumped my leg on this little coffee table.

"Ouch!" I quickly covered my mouth, trying not to wake them. They stirred a bit, but didn't open their eyes at first. I kept tiptoeing all the way around to the kitchen, and poured myself a glass of water. The tap made a horrendous amount of noise. Suddenly, I realized someone was standing at the door. It was Kiyomi.

"What are you doing?" she whispered, apparently shocked to see me naked.

"I was just getting a glass of water."

"Where are your pajamas?"

She glanced over the counter at Ryosuke who had wrapped a sheet around his waist. It was kind of obvious we'd been making love.

"Eden's awake," she warned. I started panicking. He was still out of sight around the corner, but I couldn't walk back through their room naked. Ryosuke got up to get me some clothes, but his sheet unraveled. His penis was still sticking up, erect. Kiyomi opened her eyes shocked. She acted like she hadn't seen it before (which was a relief), but seemed quite excited to see it now. Ryosuke tossed me my pj top, but didn't cover his penis.

"Where are the bottoms?" I whispered, pulling on the top.

"I don't see them. Where did you put them?"

Kiyomi was no help. She covered her mouth, hiding her smile at seeing Ryosuke's cock. Ryosuke couldn't find my bottoms, so I finally opted to dash back, and look for them myself. As soon as I walked in though, Eden sat straight up, shocked to see me bottomless. I covered my pussy with my hand, but he was completely wigging out. He looked like he might blow a gasket. You'd think he'd be used to nudity, sleeping with Kiyomi and all, but he really seemed floored that I was prancing around their cabin with no bottoms on. I bowed an apology, kind of regretting coming out naked, but he just sat there blinking, speechless. I scampered into our room, but he scrambled to get out of bed, so he could get a better look at me. I must admit I was getting kind of excited myself.

Once I was back inside the bedroom, Ryosuke closed the door behind me, angry that I'd flashed Eden. I don't know why he was so angry. He'd stood there letting Kiyomi ogle his cock. Even though we were both angry and jealous, that just made us hornier still. He pulled me down onto the bed, and we went at it again, like minxes in heat.

Even as Ryosuke drilled into me, we began to hear moans of ecstasy coming from the other room. Eden and Kiyomi must be fucking too. It felt so weird hearing them go at it, while we were doing it ourselves. It seemed to be getting Ryosuke hot, hearing Kiyomi's moans. I redoubled my efforts, fucking him like anything, and we both came in an explosion of fury. We could still hear them going at it. It took a while before I could fall asleep.

The next morning, I awoke to the sound of birds chirping. The sun streamed in through the curtainless window, lighting up the whole room. Ryosuke looked so sexy lying there, his limp penis splayed out on his belly. I couldn't hear Eden nor Kiyomi, but I was worried that they might have come out to the kitchen, and seen us lying here naked. I rooted around for my p.j.'s hoping to cover up before they saw. I wanted to have a shower, but there wasn't any in the cabin. I pulled on my p.j.'s, but I wreaked of sex. I woke Ryosuke up, and tossed him his p.j.'s, so he could get dressed too.

When I went out to the living room, Kiyomi was sitting up on their sofa bed trying to do her make up. There was no sign of Eden. Kiyomi told us he'd gone to fetch firewood meaning he must have seen me naked. I felt kind of embarrassed, but there was nothing I could do now.

Eden came back, and we had some breakfast. The two of them are so funny. Neither of them mentioned our love making session of the night before. I asked about showering, and Kiyomi told us that the day before she'd bathed in the ocean. She offered to take me down. We had to change into our swimsuits first, so I got Ryosuke to go out to the living room, while we changed.

Kiyomi really looked different from how I remembered her. She seemed so skittish the first time I met her, not really confident in her own sexuality, but now, she was like a whole new woman. I felt nervous about getting undressed with Eden hovering around, but Kiyomi stripped out of her clothes right away. Her body had really filled out, and she knew it. With her standing there naked, I began to feel silly, so I finally took off my p.j.'s too.

I looked over comparing our bodies. She looked so much sexier than I remember, long limbs, largish breasts and this teasing expression on her pouty lips. I couldn't help worrying that with her newfound self-confidence, she might try to steal Ryosuke away from me. I guess that sounds pretty silly, her being with Eden and all, but there was something about the way she was acting, the way she tossed her hair in the air that had me worried. Her swimsuit was pretty dangerous too. It stuck to her body like a thin coat of paint, and the legs were cut so high you could almost see her pubic hair.

I dug through my bag looking for my bikini, but suddenly realized it must be in my other bag, out in the main room. I wrapped a towel around myself.

"I'm just going to go get my suit," I told her.

Kiyomi nodded, and I cautiously opened the door. Ryosuke was sitting right there. He peered past me, looking over at Kiyomi, who was still naked. I moved to block his view, and glared down at him. He sheepishly scratched his head, and finally looked up at me.

"What?"

"I left my suit out here. Where's Eden?"

"I don't know." Ryosuke was pretending to be good, but he was clearly trying to sneak another peek at Kiyomi's naked body. He'd noticed her new sexual allure too. I quickly grabbed my bag, and headed back to the bedroom closing the door behind me. I felt angry. What does she have that I don't?

Kiyomi pulled on a t-shirt over her swimsuit, and went out into the living room while I finished getting changed. When I came out, Ryosuke was staring at Kiyomi's crotch. It was almost as if she were deliberately trying to seduce him, I thought. Eden came back, and I felt self-conscious standing here in my bikini. He glanced at me, but he was apparently nervous about ogling me with Kiyomi here. She seemed all keyed up, enjoying showing off her high leg swimsuit.

Kiyomi wanted me to come down with her, but I told her to go ahead. Ryosuke was looking at some book, ignoring me. I went into the kitchen, and cleaned up a bit standing there in my bikini. Eventually, Kiyomi came back up. Her swimsuit was all wet and sticking to her skin making her look even sexier than before. While she was toweling off, Ryosuke was staring at her like anything. I was getting more and more irritated, but finally she offered to take me down, and show me the spot where she bathed.

The two of us headed down to the shore, while the boys stayed back up in the cabin. Kiyomi showed me where she'd gone in. There was this large flat rock sort of slanting into the water.

"Do you want me to wait?" she asked.

"No, that's OK. I'll come back up when I'm done." I was a little worried about what she and Ryosuke might get up to, but Eden was probably around somewhere. I climbed down the rock slowly, and edged my way into the cool morning water. I waded in deep, and then swam around a little bit just to get used to the temperature. It wasn't that cold really once you were in. I dove right into the water, dunked my head, and then came back to shore to get some shampoo. I felt kind of silly shampooing with my swimsuit on. I wonder if I could get away with taking it off. I was still pretty excited from our love-making the night before.

I looked back up the path we'd come down on. I could see the cabin at the top of the hill, but there was no sign of Eden or anyone. Just across the water, there was another island, and a couple of other ones nearby. I scanned the island nearest us, but it looked like no one was there either. I moved back down into the water, and undid my bikini top. I was still a bit worried, but I slid it off, and then went back up to put it down on the shore. I covered my breasts with my arm, and kept an eye out for Eden, but I still couldn't see anyone. I slid off my bottoms, and set them down on the shore as well, and then scampered back into the water. I felt pretty naughty, but I also had this feeling like someone was watching. I couldn't see anyone though, so I tried to relax, and enjoy my bath.

Once I was all washed up, I quickly scampered up to the shore, and pulled my swimsuit back on. When I got back to the cabin, Eden was still off somewhere, and Ryosuke was talking to Kiyomi in the kitchen. I went into the bedroom where the two of them could see me, and stripped out of my suit. Kiyomi looked away, and kept on talking, but Ryosuke kept peeking over this way. I pulled on my bra and t-shirt, but just to tease Ryosuke a bit I stood there with my back to them, and bent way over while I rooted around in my bag for my panties. I could tell Ryosuke was getting excited staring at my bare bottom with Kiyomi right there. Eden came back though, so I had to cut it out. I found my panties, and pulled them on while Ryosuke and Eden watched. Kiyomi seemed angry, but she didn't say anything.

That afternoon, Eden took us in the motorboat they'd rented off to see a lighthouse museum sort of thing nearby. We had some lunch there, and looked around, but it was getting pretty windy and dark from the clouds, and then it started to rain. None of us had brought umbrellas, so we all scurried onto the boat, but the rain started coming down so hard it was almost impossible to see where we were going. We managed to make it back to Eden's island alright, but it was kind of scary there for a while. All of us were soaked right through to the skin. That morning, Kiyomi and I had hung our clothes out on the deck to dry, but they were soaked now too.

At first, we sat around this little kerosene lamp in our dripping wet clothes, shivering and trying to warm up. My t-shirt and shorts were plastered to my skin, but so was Kiyomi's dress. The boys were trying not to stare, but couldn't resist. It was such a weird atmosphere especially after the night before. Ryosuke finally suggested we change into whatever we had that was dry. I thought it was hopeless, but then Kiyomi said,

"What about our towels from this morning? They should be dry."

I went into our room to check, and she was right. Mine wasn't that wet. Ryosuke came in, and closed the door, so the two of us could change. I peered back at the kitchen to make sure Eden wasn't watching, and then I peeled off my clothes. I quickly dried off as best I could, and wrapped the towel around me. Ryosuke changed into his shorts. When we were both ready, Ryosuke rapped on the door.

"Is it safe to come out yet?" he asked.

"Uhh, just a minute," Kiyomi's voice came back. She sounded pretty nervous. Ryosuke looked over at me with this funny look on his face. Obviously, he wanted to get a peek at Kiyomi naked. I pulled open my towel flashing him my naked body, and he came over, and gave me a kiss.

"OK, I'm ready now," Kiyomi called through the door. Ryosuke grabbed my bare backside, and pulled me into him, but I nodded that we should go. He reluctantly let go, and I tied my towel back up, still feeling more than a little turned on.

Kiyomi was sitting in one of the chairs with her towel wrapped around her. For some reason the way she'd tied it made her breasts look huge. I looked down at my own breasts wondering if mine were as big as hers. They've been getting bigger lately, but Kiyomi was a few years older. We went over, and sat down across from them. Eden peeked down at my crotch. I held the towel down, but his staring was making me nervous. Worse I needed to go to the washroom. I went, and got a pack of wet naps, and then went to the door. It was still pouring rain outside.

"Washroom?" Eden asked. I nodded, embarrassed. "Just make a dash for the outhouse. It's not that far." I motioned for him to stay inside, and then I stepped out under the eaves, trying not to get wet. The rain was really coming down, but I had to go. I looked back, and the three of them had gathered around the kerosene lamp again. There was a blue plastic boat cover lying on the deck.

I suddenly got a strange idea. I closed the door behind me, and moved further down to the edge of the cabin. Maybe if I take off my towel, I can hide it under the tarpaulin, so it won't get wet. I nervously peeled the towel off, stripping naked, and quickly stuffed it under the tarp. While I was trying to get up my nerve, Ryosuke suddenly opened the door. I flattened my body against the wall hoping Eden and Kiyomi wouldn't see.

"What are you doing?" Ryosuke asked surprised to find me naked.

"I don't want to get my towel all wet."

He came out, and gave me another kiss. I felt so nervous that they might come out, and find us, but I was getting really excited too.

"Anyway, hurry up. I'll try to keep those two occupied," he whispered. I nodded, and stepped out into the rain. It felt a bit like I was in the shower or something. The rain was cold, but I had more important things to worry about. I went, did my business, and then used the wet naps to clean up. I felt so relieved. I hurried back towards the cabin, but I noticed a path leading down to the sea. I scurried down washed myself off in the ocean. I felt cold though, so I rushed back to the cabin, pulled out my towel, and wrapped it around me. Inside they kind of looked at me strange because my towel was dry, but my hair was wet. I couldn't explain anyway, so I didn't even try.

When the rain finally stopped, we went out onto the porch, and looked up at the starry night sky. Eden was holding Kiyomi close, so I pulled Ryosuke over, and snuggled up to him. When our p.j.'s dried out, we changed into them, and went to sleep. The next day, I was a little bit sad to head back. It had been a really weird trip, but they weren't such bad people I guess.

Emi Tsuruta

