Alice by Keen observer
by Jimmythehand

Alice by Keen observer Pt 1

Alice was a beautiful 17-year-old. Long blonde hair, quite tall, a good firm bust, but she was very shy. She had been chosen to be the head girl of her boarding school next term and she was rightfully proud. She was hard-working and wanted to study law at Oxford. She was well-liked by girls and boys but had never more than kissed a boy. Her determination to succeed left little time for boys.

Discipline had, for some time been a problem at St Martin's and the headmaster, Mr Ward, had come up with the answer. He proposed that poorly behaved students would be punished by public enforced nudity and humiliation. Parents were generally pleased with this scheme and had all signed their children up to it and, so far, it had worked well as a deterrent. No girl had transgressed since but the boys were keen to push the boundaries and a couple had lost their shirts for a day or so. One cold Wednesday morning though, the school assembly was loud with rumours and finally Simon Jones, a 15-year-old football player was summoned on the stage. He stood there in front of the whole school looking at the floor, his face bright red. Mr Ward told the gathered pupils that Simon had been found smoking the previous evening and, therefore, it had been decided that he would be the first pupil to be put on naked parade and that the punishment would be for three whole days. There was a collective gasp from the assembly and then a sea of whispers and giggles. Simon's face grew an even darker shade of red. Two younger girls emerged from the wings and began to remove his clothes, at Mr Ward's direction. Off came his blazer and tie and then they tore off his shirt to reveal his toned abs. There was not a blinking eye in the room, watching the show. They ripped off his trousers too and carefully removed his shoes and socks to leave him only in boxers. Simon had never been so embarrassed and worse was yet to come as he could feel the hardening of his penis. He was bright red and the moment was savoured before Mr Ward finally directed the girls to remove the last of his clothing which they did with glee and an almighty rip. Simon managed to look at his audience and saw every eye fixed on his penis which was now erect with embarrassment. He tried to cover his modesty but it was loudly admonished, and so began his three days of public nudity. Everyone had seen him and many had touched him over those three days. There were even rumours that he had been wanked off several times by inquisitive girls. A long time had passed since then and the memories were fading, maybe not so fast for poor Simon though.

Emily was clearly the most popular girl in school and had a large following of both girls and boys. She had been annoyed that she had not been chosen to be the head girl and decided that she did not really like Alice. Her boyfriend, James, did not share her sentiments though and his attraction for Alice was growing. On the night of the school disco, he seized his chance and went to talk to her, shielded by the dim light and loud music. They chatted well for some time and slowly Alice's guard was falling, assisted by the contraband alcohol customarily present at such events. They grew closer and forgot everything else as their lips met in a perfect slow kiss. Alice melted at his touch but quickly realised where they were and snapped out of his spell, pushing him away and disappearing into the crowd, her shyness restored.

She thought that she had gotten away with it after a few days of nervousness and careful monitoring of Emily and how she was with her. Weeks past and she buried herself happily again in her books. It was in this pursuit that she was in the library one cold Tuesday afternoon. Mr Ward came into the library with his dog, Spot, and she looked up briefly to acknowledge their presence before returning to her books. Mr Ward was very pleased with his choice for the new head girl and he imagined it to be a springboard for a bright future for Alice. Spot came over to her and started to sniff around her bag. She leaned down and smiled and stroked the cute little dog. However, his interest with her bag became persistent and he began to bark loudly. Mr Ward came over, curious to see what he had found and picked up Alice's bag. He asked her if she knew what had so interested Spot and she replied that she couldn't say. He opened it and inside was amazed to find a small bag of white powder. He removed it and Alice was confused, saying she had never seen that before in her life. He opened it and tasted it and declared it to be drugs. Neither of them could believe their eyes at what Spot had found and nor could the other students watching instead of working in the library. Mr Ward grabbed Alice by the arm and pulled her protesting to his office. She was stunned. What was happening? She didn't do drugs. Someone must have put it there. Her head was spinning and her heart was pounding. This was all a mistake. She could she from Mr Ward's face though that the situation was very serious indeed. He was her mentor and she could see the disappointment on his face. She stood in front of his desk as he explained that he would have to telephone the police due to the seriousness of her crime. She pleaded and pleaded her innocence but the evidence was clear and she was obviously guilty in his eyes. He thought the situation over for what seemed like an eternity while tears quietly trickled down her pretty white cheeks until eventually he declared that there was another option. Her heart stopped as she waited to hear the life line he was going to throw. He said that she could be publicly demoted as head girl elect tomorrow at the school assembly and that Emily would assume her position. She began to shake her head as she heard how her world was beginning to crash down around her. Furthermore, that she could be the first girl to be put on naked parade and that the punishment would be for two whole weeks. She gasped at hearing what he proposed, crying out no that he could not be serious and that she was innocent. He could not do that to her. She was respectable and she was to be the head girl. She could not be on naked parade. Perhaps she was dreaming... Mr Ward snapped her back to reality with her stark choice: police or naked parade. She knew that she had no choice and that soon her dignity and respect would be gone forever. She would have no secrets and soon everyone would know her body. The thought of it horrified her. No one had seen her naked for many years, not even seen her knickers. Everything was going to change and she was completely in shock.

She could not sleep for a single second as time flew by at record speed and before she knew it it was 9am and time for the morning assembly. None of the gathering students had any idea what was about to happen and they were happily chatting to each other. Mr Ward walked up the aisle and onto the stage. The crowd hushed and he went through some notices before the business of the meeting. Alice was waiting in the wings, her legs like jelly and her heart in her throat. Before she knew it, her entrance was announced and she crept timidly onto the stage. The pupils were confused as to why she was there and there were quizzical whispers heard all around. She stood there in front of the whole school unable to look anyone in the eye and so looked at her feet. Mr Ward explained to the school the success of the new punishment system, only having had the need for one previous naked parade. Until today! Everyone gasped as one, daring to think that Alice might be put on naked parade. Surely not. Not Alice. She was a girl and so she could not be naked. And she was beautiful. Not miss goody two shoes. Not the head girl. However, Mr Ward explained the seriousness of her crimes and how she had let him down and herself down and the school down. Alice's face was bright red by this time but was difficult to see as she was looking at her feet. Several of the boys assembled had to adjust their trousers to accommodate their bulges in anticipation of what was to happen, and many girls' panties were wet feeling the shame of the beautiful, perfect, shy girl on the stage in front of them.

Mr Ward then called for the assistants to join them, and two beaming 12-year-old boys emerged from the wings like the cats who got the cream. John and Billy had been given their instructions before the assembly and were very proud to have been chosen to strip the head girl completely naked. Alice knew now it was inevitable as the stage was set and she looked at the boys, one on each side of her, with fear. Mr Ward, without hesitation, gave the word and the show began. They began by slipping off her smart blazer and putting it to one side and then carefully and tentatively undoing her tie. She cowered from their nervous fingers but she knew she could not escape the inevitable. They then, in accordance with their instructions, unfastened her shoes and removed each with its corresponding knee-high white sock. Next came the knee-length pleated skirt and more boldly they unbuttoned it and pulled down the zip. Alice knew that the stakes were high now and with each piece of clothing a lot would be revealed. She struggled a bit now and Billy struggled with the zip so they took an executive decision and each grabbed a side of the waistband and pulled with all their might. Alice was shocked as she heard an almighty rip and her bare legs were revealed to the whole school. They clapped and cheered and the two boys were very pleased with themselves. Alice tried to cover her crotch but Mr Ward commanded her not to and sheepishly her hands returned to her sides. She was scared and embarrassed but much worse was to come and she knew her shirt was long and more than covered her panties. However, John reached up really high and undid the top button of her shirt, and following their great success with the skirt, they each grabbed a side of the middle of her shirt. They looked at each other and then at poor Alice's wide teary eyes and pulled. The entire school held their breath as the buttons flew off the shirt and bounced on the floor. The shirt ripped and Alice looked down to see her underwear displayed to the world. Only a white cotton bra and white cotton panties stood between her and complete naked humiliation. They paused so that Alice could be admired stood there on the stage in only her underwear.

Her heart was pounding and her face and chest were flushed and a stark contrast to the whiteness of her bra and panties. She knew that in a few short moments she would be completely naked in front of the whole school. At the moment it was bad but really no worse than a bikini. But this security would not last long. Soon everyone in the school, all the girls and the boys and the teachers would see her nakedness. They would see everything and she would have no secrets. Her horrible thoughts were broken by the reality of the boys approaching her again. Sadly her bra was something they could not tear and so convention ruled and it just had to be unfastened. Billy did the honours and her hands instinctively went up to support her bra and stop it from falling along with her modesty. Mr Ward quickly shouted an admonishment but her hands stayed in place. Again he shouted and reluctantly her hands lowered. With this movement the straps slowly slid from her shoulders and the school collectively gasped. The bra itself was reluctant to fall though and finally John grabbed the middle and pulled it off. The crowd gasped again and Alice looked down at her naked chest to see what everyone else could see. Her tiny tits were finally made public. Her chest was completely flat except for two puffy nipples quickly hardening in the light of day, aided by the cool air and her extreme embarrassment. The whole school could not believe its eyes. A boy from the crowd yelled, "Hey, where did her tits go?" Everyone giggled and laughed and pointed at the nearly naked girl displayed for all to see. They could all finally see what she had been trying to hide for many years: a flat chest. Emily could not be more pleased and thought how she could not have planned it better. Her arch rival, little miss perfect, had no tits and now everyone could see. She could not be head girl now with no tits. How could she command respect with such an immature body? She knew that most of the 11-year-olds would have bigger tits. She laughed and laughed. John brandished her heavily padded bra as a trophy and waved it over his head saying, "There's no point in you wearing a bra at all!"

Poor Alice stood almost naked as everyone saw and took in her flat chest. She knew that her life had changed forever and it was going to be difficult. Each boy then caused uproar by flicking a hard, puffy nipple and tears rolled down her cheeks. She had been framed and stripped nearly naked in front of the whole school. She was a good girl, a star pupil and destined for being head girl and greater things. Not anymore. The boys could wait no longer after revealing such secrets and each grabbed a side of her white cotton panties. Alice's heart was filled with more fear than she thought possible and she shook her head no. No, no, no. But they paid no attention and began to pull. They pulled and pulled and pulled them to pieces. They were shredded and finally Alice was completely naked. Completely naked in front of the whole school. Everyone cheered as the boys brandished bits of her torn panties and she was naked at last. She looked down at her pussy through her tears and admitted defeat. There was no going back now. Life would never be the same. Thankfully, there was a tiny tuft of hair trying to shield what remained of her destroyed dignity and she was grateful for its covering and protection from hundreds of prying eyes. Her hands ached from wanting to hide her pussy but she was unable to let them and forced to display her nudity for all to see. The boys removed her clothing from the stage and she was an island of nakedness.

Every dick in the room was hard because of Alice and if she had looked carefully she would have seen many of the boys rubbing themselves through their trousers. A couple of bold boys even got their dicks out and were uncontrollably wanking in the assembly hall. Emily touched herself under her skirt. Her panties were soaked seeing her enemy stripped naked on stage and utterly humiliated. Other girls glimpsing Emily did the same, sure that no boy would see with the naked girl up there, turned on at her downfall.

Mr Ward called the school to order for a moment with further instructions. He said, to everyone's disbelief, that to further labour her punishment and as her body and behaviour had been found to be very immature, that her pubic hair was to be removed. Little girls do not have pubic hair and she was not to be allowed any sort of covering. Everyone had to see everything. Alice turned shaking and shouted, "No!" Everyone could see that only her puffy, erect nipples bounced very slightly on her flat chest. She covered her pretty pussy from all those eyes. She was proud of her tuft of hair. It was her marker of maturity and womanhood in the complete absence of any boobs. But it was not to be allowed. Emily came in her panties right there and then and one of the boys with his dick out shot his load over the seat in front of him. The two boys on stage, sporting fair trouser bulges themselves were instructed to proceed. Alice tried to run but they would not let her. John with great glee lathered up her groin and she gasped at his touch in her most private of places. No one had seen her naked since she reached puberty, not even in her underwear. She could not believe or understand what was happening to her. Surely it must be a dream? Billy brought her back to reality this time with the careful strokes of the razor. She held very still in fear that this little boy might slip but he was steady. In no time at all, all evidence of her maturity and dignity had been removed and her pussy was bald and smooth. She looked down at herself and at his handiwork. She could very clearly see her pussy lips now and, therefore, so could everyone else. She looked like a little girl and everyone though


She looked like a little girl and everyone thought the same. Especially Emily. Her humiliation was brilliant. She was now completely and utterly naked and displayed for the whole school. They cheered in appreciation of the beautiful naked girl and more and more of them were unable to resist the need to masturbate.

Mr Ward had one final set of announcements. He declared that Alice was now clearly unable and too immature to be the head girl and that instead Emily would take her place. Emily's heart nearly stopped and the crowd cheered. Furthermore, that Alice would remain naked for the next two weeks. The crowd cheered again and Alice covered her bald pussy for the last time. Mr Ward then said that as Alice persisted in trying to cover her little girl body, which was strictly against the rules, that he would end the assembly today with a public spanking. She could not have imagined that any more humiliation was possible after being stripped and shaved by two boys in front of the whole school. But it was possible. They all clapped and cheered and more boys got their dicks out in anticipation. Alice shook her head but knew there was no choice. Mr Ward brought a chair to the centre of the stage and sat down. Alice was led over by the boys and forced to lie over his lap. He parted her legs slightly to ensure that her pussy lips were displayed to the school and she felt her humiliation reach a new low. She felt the hardness in the trousers of her mentor and the public spanking began. Most of the dicks of the schoolboys were out and hard and being wanked at the scene on the stage. Most of the schoolgirls' panties were soaked and were housing fingers as well as pussies. Ten firm slaps later and Alice was crying and trying not to scream. Her bottom was red and this was so horrible. He paused and his fingers moved lower towards her open pussy lips. She squirmed, sensing his curiosity and approach. But she could do little to prevent it, bent over the headmaster's lap naked, her puffy nipples trying to hang down and her pussy openly displayed for all the school. He soon found her wetness and declared his findings. Her demotion, humiliation, stripping, shaving and spanking had made her wet with embarrassment and now they all knew. She had never thought of herself as a particularly sexual person but all this was making an undeniable tingling now in her pussy and she rubbed her clit on his lap. She did not think he would notice but he did and told the whole school that she was turned on by all this and was obviously a dirty little girl who was being rightfully punished. His fingers entered her virgin pussy for all to see and her back arched, moaning uncontrollably. Several schoolboys came watching the headmaster finger the beautiful, naked girl who was almost the head girl. Alice was shocked at his touch, never having felt anything like this before and she became worried that she might cum on stage in front of the whole school. But she still thought that could not happen. She still had some respect and her mentor would not masturbate her in front of all her friends. If she could see, though, her friends had all removed their very wet panties and were masturbating themselves at her public humiliation.

Mr Ward continued his exploration and public fingering of his star pupil. He was causing quite a reaction in her but none so much as when he found her clit. She was on fire and rubbed it against his inquisitive finger. He explained this to the pupils and she was ashamed but nevertheless continued. They both knew she was close and she was powerless to resist her pussy's demands now. However, he broke the moment and stood her up on her wobbly legs to face the school as she came so that they could see her face. She stood there as he demonstrated her very visible clit and teased it to her first public orgasm. Everyone was amazed to share her most intimate moment having seen her most intimate place. They were all exhausted though and looking forward to the next two weeks. Poor Alice stood there, stripped naked, shaven, publicly masturbated, post-orgasmic, humiliated and exposed. Nothing would be the same. Now Emily knew her revenge and humiliation were now complete.


Alice by Keen observer Pt 2

As everyone filed out of the assembly hall leaving poor, naked Alice still stood on the stage in shock, Emily noticed the cum stain on her boyfriend's trousers and the way he was staring at her enemy. Even though she had destroyed her reputation and her dignity and masturbated herself as she observed it, she did not like James' interest in the naked juvenile little girl and she began to scheme further. Her panties were ruined and she placed them in her blazer pocket.

Mr Ward, meanwhile, gazing at the beautiful naked girl before him, managed to snap her out of her stunned state with news that today was the day that the Oxford board would be coming to the school to interview her. Alice could not believe what she was hearing. How could this be happening? Today of all days. Surely she would be allowed some clothes for such an important occasion, but Mr Ward was firm and declared that the terms of her punishment had been fixed and, therefore, she would have to be interviewed naked. She hadn't imagined that the day could get any worse after she had been demoted, stripped, shaved, spanked and masturbated in front of the whole school. Everyone now knew that her chest was flat and with a newly shaven pussy she looked 11 rather than 17. Her puffy nipples were hard with embarrassment and she looked down at her pussy lips clearly on display. She gasped as she saw her clit too and she was horrified that everyone had also seen it: the most private part of her body. How could she be interviewed naked? Surely they too would see her flat chest and her shaved pussy, her pussy lips and even her clit. They would be shocked and she would be ruined. They would see how immature her body was and laugh that such a little girl thought she could go to Oxford.

She walked, head bowed, to her first lesson, thinking that if she could not see people then surely they could not see her. However, she bumped into John, Emily's boyfriend, in the corridor and his hand brushed her right nipple. She was shocked and looked into his eyes and felt tears well up in her own eyes. He wiped them away and smiled at her. With their eyes locked, he brought her lips towards his and they kissed. It felt so good to Alice and she was surprised to feel the firmness in his trousers. She broke away and ran to her English class, her nipples hardly moving, but tears trickling down her cheeks.

She sat at the back and tried to ignore the stares and the comments as she contemplated her upcoming naked interview. She just shook her head in disbelief at what had happened to her today. She had not heard a word the teacher had said but, there again, the students and the teacher himself had also been rather distracted.

The bell rang and there were another two lessons much like the first, before break time. She was then forced to go outside so that more people could see her naked again. On her way outside, she met Emily. Alice couldn't look the new head girl in the eye as she was so embarrassed and tried to cover her bald pussy. Emily admonished her and instructed her to uncover, which she reluctantly did. Emily was enjoying the rewards of her plan, seeing her rival stripped completely naked and forced to be so for two whole weeks. She felt her pussy moisten at this good girl's downfall and at the thought of what she was about to do. Emily removed a syringe from her pocket and jabbed it into Alice's left buttock. She told Alice that the school nurse had instructed her to give Alice the injection to ensure that she would not catch cold being forced to be naked. Alice winced and thought it was a bit strange but was glad when Emily finally left her to it, rubbing her bottom as she went outside. A large crowd gathered around the naked girl for a closer look. She thought it strange, but all those eyes on her naked body were making her pussy tingle. She tried to dismiss it but she was getting wet and soon someone would notice. She tried to leave before her humiliation increased but there was no way out and before long she was unable to stop herself from touching her pussy. It felt so good and the crowd was amazed that the seemingly perfect girl not only had no tits but was openly touching herself in front of them. The girls were shocked but the boys were intrigued by what she was doing. She moaned involuntarily and shut her eyes as she circled her now prominent clit. Emily looked on with glee and pride at her handiwork, wet herself at how Alice was being degraded. Emily was a science major and had spent the morning concocting a secret formula that now she had injected into the naked girl. This formula's effects were to kill off her pussy hair for life, prevent further breast development, prevent menstruation and to make her incredibly horny but unable to orgasm. She was delighted with its quick onset and how it had turned the perfect girl into a slut.

The bell went and they sadly all returned to lessons. Next for Alice was biology and Mr Peters took the opportunity to demonstrate the anatomy of the female body, though now pre-pubescent. Alice was summoned to the front of the class and as her naked body was described by the teacher to the class, she began to absent-mindedly play with her clit. Her breasts, or lack of them, were described and he demonstrated how to perform a breast examination. Her puffy nipples hardened at the touch of this man and this was pointed out to the class through the giggles. She lay down on the desk with her legs apart so that they could all examine her bald pussy. They could all see the secrets of her pink folds and her clit was pointed out and described in detail. They could all see her wetness and again this was noted much to her embarrassment. He placed his fingers inside and felt her in tact hymen, telling the class all about it. Finally, he stimulated her clit himself and her obvious pleasure was also noted. He tried for a couple of minutes to make her orgasm, but she did not and the lesson was ended by the bell. Alice's legs were weak and her breathing rapid when she tried to get up. She couldn't believe how all her secrets were being displayed and how much she was aroused by it. She was obviously a virgin, but didn't consider herself a particularly sexual girl, much more interested in her bookwork than her pussy. She couldn't understand what was happening to her.

After lunch, it was time for the interview. She entered the room shyly and tried to cover her nakedness with her hands but Mr Ward firmly instructed her to lower her hands. The panel had been briefed and were keen to meet Alice and understand this naked project better. The two men on the panel were obviously pleased to meet her and the three women were surprised at her lack of development. She sat in front of them and their long desk and she tried to forget her nakedness and answer their questions but soon her hand was back on her pussy. She tried to act naturally as she had spent so long trying not to do it and was finally unable to resist. The panel, of course, noticed with a mixed response and soon the interview was concluded early by one of the ladies. She was asked to stand outside while they discussed her and very quickly she was brought back in. They explained, while again she fingered herself, that they had voted 3 to 2 against her application and therefore she had been rejected. They had been surprised that such a promising and outstanding student had fallen so low with such a severe punishment, and that her reaction had been not repentance but sluttish arousal. Alice felt like her world was ending, yesterday she was on top of the world with such a bright future and today she had been rejected from university, naked and still fingering herself. Maybe this was a dream?

Mr Ward said that in light of her rejection, he had decided that she would remain naked until her body showed signs of maturity, mistakenly thinking that soon her pubic hair would return, and until that time she would go back into class with the 11-year-olds as that would seem to be more appropriate.

When Emily found out that she had fingered herself during the interview and therefore been rejected she was delighted. And on hearing the further developments with her punishment she decided to go and speak to her. She found her in the toilets, her face tear-stained, rubbing her clit. She told Alice that she had set her up as she had tried to steal her boyfriend and that's what happens. She also told her that she would spend many years at school with the children as her puberty had been reversed and furthermore that she could have John but she would never be satisfied as she would always be seeking an unachievable orgasm. Alice was horrified but probably knew that Emily had had some part in her downfall. She despaired and looked down at the prison her body had become and again felt the heat in her pussy. She could think of nothing else actually as she was being consumed by her juvenile pussy. Emily said that she would be further punished for covering her pussy earlier by licking the clit of the new head girl and seeing her orgasm. Alice knew that she had no choice but to obey the head girl who had so skilfully destroyed her dignity and her life. She had never seen another naked girl and she was curious to see what her body should look like. Alice slipped off her blazer and let it fall to the floor, before undoing her tie and carefully unbuttoning her blouse. She pulled it out of the skirt and it too fell to the floor. Her breasts stood encased in a white lacy bra and she could see there was no padding. She unzipped the skirt and lowered it over her hips to see that she wasn't wearing panties and she gasped at her naked pussy. It glistened like Alice's and it had a small tuft of hair, just like hers used to as a badge of puberty. The head girl stood in the girls' toilets with her naked enemy in just her bra, knee-high white socks and black patent leather shoes. Seductively, Alice, only yesterday so pure and innocent, removed the superior girl's socks and shoes and then stood to unsnap her bra. She pulled it off to reveal two perfect, pert, milky white, B-cup breasts, adorned with nipples hard like exclamation marks. She shimmied, proud to show them off, and they were so firm they hardly moved. Two naked girls in such different situations. Alice touched Emily's breasts and they both liked it. These were truly breasts, breasts that Alice could only dream of having, and now never would, doomed to have a flat chest forever. Alice, only yesterday the head girl, in charge, beautiful and envied with such a bright career ahead, today demoted, stripped, shaved, spanked, masturbated in front of the whole school, her puberty reversed and forced to finger herself without relief. And now suck the pussy of her naked rival and the architect of her downfall. Suck she did though and it didn't take long before the orgasm and she squirted in Alice's face. Alice sat on the floor of the girls' toilets, her face covered in the cum of her enemy. She began crying again, jealous of the breasts of the head girl, her pussy hair, her orgasm, her future and her status as she watched her get dressed again. Now not naked any more, Emily laughed at poor flat-chested naked Alice, fingering her pussy once more.


