Simon gets even more help from his Mom and Corinne.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Simon, Chapter 4 (MF, 1st, cheat, inc, nc, impreg?, reluc, F-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Simon looked at the pic he had taken of Mrs. Davison the other day, covered in his cum in her backyard. She was so pretty! He tried using his injured hand to masturbate, but his wrist was still hurting. He tried his other hand, but he just wasn't good enough with it. Finally, he harrumphed, put the phone away, and went to sleep.

---

He started awake at the sound of the front door hitting the wall, followed by giggling. He slow-blinked back to sleep, but woke again as he heard his mother cry out from the living room. Quickly jumping to his feet and rushing down the hallway, buck naked, he stopped as he spied his mother on her back with a man he didn't know thrusting forcefully between her legs on the couch. Looking at her face, Simon realized that she was, in fact, enjoying herself, so he moved to hide around the corner before either of them saw him.

His mother's slacks were on the floor, her blouse was open, and her titanic titties were out. She was gasping and holding onto the man as she shook in obvious pleasure. Simon felt his penis getting hard.

After a bit, his mother cried out again, and the man sped up and then grunted as he held himself deep inside her. After they'd come down from their orgasms, the man reached down and pulled out. Simon went back to his room so that he wouldn't be seen. After a few more minutes, he heard the front door close as the man left.

Simon headed back to the living room, his hard cock leading the way. There was no way that he'd be able to go to sleep now! "Mom, I need your help...Mom?"

Bonnie van Trocken was still lying on her back on the couch, sound asleep, naked other than her open blouse hanging from her shoulders. Simon couldn't take his eyes from between her legs, where her firm thighs came together to form the intriguing opening to her vagina, a puffy, red vertical slit that was still slightly open from the earlier sex, with a trimmed patch of dark hair above it. Simon could smell a compelling, almost fishy, scent coming from there.

He could also smell that sour scent on her breath again. He shook her shoulder, causing her boobs to wobble. The sight of that was not helping his erection! "Mom?" He gave her another, harder, shake. Still nothing, other than more boob wobbling. He took his mother's hand and put it on his erection, but it just fell away. He pressed the head into his mother's mouth, but although he was able to push a few inches inside, her lips remained slack. He wasn't going to cum this way!

He got onto the couch, between her still-splayed legs, and felt something weird under his hand. He lifted it up...it was like a deflated balloon, but had some liquid in it. The outside smelled fishy, the same as between his Mom's legs. He looked closer...oh, the guy's stuff was in there, he realized! This seemed very clever to Simon...it kept a man's e-jack-u-lation from making a mess, though there didn't seem to be very much compared to one of Simon's. He tossed it onto the coffee table.

Before him was the very first vagina he'd ever seen right up close. Sure, he'd seen Mrs. Davison's as she played with herself, but he hadn't been able to touch it. He reached forward, fascinated as he rubbed his fingers around his mother's pussy lips.

"Mm..." his mother moaned.

"Mom?" He wondered if she was waking up so that she could take care of him. After a moment, he realized that she wasn't, and pushed one finger inside her.

"Mmm..."

He noticed that her gumdrop nipples had hardened. He realized that she seemed to like what he was doing, even in her sleep.

Well, if she liked just his finger, what about something larger? She seemed to really enjoy that guy's penis earlier. He considered the idea...his mother helped Simon with his problem when he needed her to, and the only difference here was that she was unable to actively do so. His cock was so hard now -- he needed release -- so that helped him make up his mind. He got between his mother's legs, pressed the head of his cock between her puffy pussy lips, and pushed.

As the head popped inside of the vagina he was born from, he gasped at how warm and soft she was in there, kind of like when she took him into her mouth, but somehow more intense. He pushed harder, and a couple more inches slipped inside her.

"Mm..."

"I'm gonna make you feel good, Mom, and it'll help me too," he advised the unconscious woman as he pressed half of his 9 inches inside her. It got a little difficult to keep pushing, so he pulled back a bit and then pressed in again. This time most of him went inside.

"M-mm..."

"Woww..." Simon moaned as well. Masturbation was one thing, but actual sex was way better! He continued to push, but was unable to get the last inch or so inside...it seemed that her vagina just wasn't deep enough to take all of him. He pulled back halfway and then pressed back inside...it felt incredible! He continued to pull back and press in, using his mother's vagina to stimulate his penis much like her or Mrs. Davison's mouth would, except somehow softer and wetter.

Then he noticed that, with the position he was in, his mother's breasts were right below his face. He took one of her hard nipples into his mouth and sucked, amused that this would be the first time that he had done such a thing since he was a baby.

"Huhh..." his mother moaned.

Simon dropped the nipple and looked up at his mother. She still seemed to be asleep. He took the other nipple between his lips as he increased the speed of his strokes. Not just seeing his Mom's breasts, but sucking on them as he had sex with her? The ultimate stimulation. He would be cumming soon, he realized.

"Ahhnghkk!" his mother cried out as her eyes flew open, her gaze locked on the ceiling.

Simon felt her insides bear down on him, squeezing his cock and setting off his own orgasm. "Nnhhh!" he moaned as her vagina urged him to unload deep inside. His first blast of sperm-filled semen pressure-washed his mother's cervix, the intense sensation causing her initial orgasm to be replaced by a second, stronger one.

"O-hhh!" she gasped as she came hard. As Simon's second burst of cum filled her, her cervical opening lowered into the growing puddle of her son's sperm that gathered in the deepest recesses of her vagina, sucking some of it into her womb. "Uh-huhh!"

Simon continued to thrust, lost in his own pleasure. Another burst of cum, and then another...he was filling every available bit of space inside his mother's mature reproductive system with incestuous seed, and as he thrust back into her, more of it was pressed into her vulnerable uterus.

"Muh...huh...huhh..." Bonnie murmured as her shaking body calmed down from her intense orgasm. Her eyelids fluttered and she lost consciousness again.

Simon lay upon his mother's thoroughly inseminated body and recovered from his own orgasm. After another minute, he snapped his head up...he had almost fallen asleep on her soft, comfortable boobs! He carefully pulled his penis out and hissed as he saw the excess amount of his semen dribbling out. His Mom was gonna be pissed!

He rushed into the bathroom and grabbed a washcloth to try to sop up his cum as it slipped out of his mother's vagina, but it just kept coming! He was gonna get in trouble!

Then he looked over at the tied-off condom. But what if she didn't know the cum was Simon's? He carefully untied the rubber and upended it over her pussy lips, leaving the mostly empty prophylactic between her legs. He figured that would have to do.

"Sorry, Mom," he whispered before heading back to his bedroom and tossing the washcloth into his laundry hamper. He was able to fall back asleep quickly, his 'big problem' resolved.

---

When Simon woke in the morning, it was to the sound of his mother yelling, but it wasn't at him, thankfully. He opened his door to listen. He wasn't able to make out a lot of it...she seemed to be on the phone, complaining about something called 'stealthing', and then she told someone to go fuck themselves...after that, the call was over. Simon went for a shower, but as he turned the water on, his mother came in.

"Oh, I'm sorry, Simon, but I need to get clean...do you mind?"

Simon didn't know what he should say, so he just turned toward her, his fleshy protuberance leading the way. She had already removed her blouse.

Her eyes were drawn to his big cock and she noted that it was starting to get hard. "Oh...well, you'll need my help, I see...why don't we just take care of both problems in the shower?" She unfastened her bra, revealing her huge knockers with those gumdrop nipples, and then Simon's erection quickly grew to its full size. In no time, they were both naked and under the warm water.

He noted that she spent a lot of time cleaning between her legs, muttering about men. "You okay, Mom?"

She took a hold of his erection, making him gasp. "I probably won't be going on dates anymore. Men haven't changed since before you were born, it seems." She started stroking up and down his length. "Hmm...why don't we try something different today?" She knelt down, surrounded his shaft with her pillowy breasts, and started to slide them up and down his cock, aided by the water and her remaining body wash.

"Oh, wow, Mom," Simon moaned.

"You gonna shoot soon?" she asked.

"Umm...I dunno..."

She redoubled her movement and Simon groaned in pleasure. His mother was gazing up at him with a look that he realized was similar to when that guy had been on top of her the previous night. Thinking about what had happened afterward, when he had cum inside his mother, his orgasm arrived suddenly.

"UHH! OHH!" His cock spat his first burst of sperm onto his mother's face.

"Auck!" She flinched but didn't pull away as her face, neck, and breasts got covered in her son's seed. Finally, she stood up and turned into the spray, letting the water wash his sperm down her body and into the drain. "Jesus...I can normally tell when you're gonna blow, Simon...seeing Mommy's naked body do that to you?"

"Um, yeah..." Simon admired his mother's rounded ass as she was turned away from him. He could feel that his penis hadn't decided about whether to go down or rebound. He stepped up close to his mother and hugged her from behind.

"Um, Simon? This is kinda weird," she began, but then felt his still-hard cock slip between her legs. "Simon, stop!" She stepped forward and turned to him. "I will help you when you need it, but we can't have sex! I am your mother!"

"Um, yes ma'am," he replied, mollified. His penis wilted.

They finished washing up and then Bonnie headed to work.

---

"Okay, talk to you later, Nessa." Corinne disconnected the call and tucked her phone into her summer shorts before continuing to weed her garden. Yes, there was a real possibility that she'd be able to redirect Simon's attention now. She just had to figure out how...

"Hi."

"Wah!" Corinne cried out as she fell to the side and saw Simon standing there with that goofy grin he always seemed to have. "Simon! Please stop sneaking up on me!"

He helped her up with his good hand. "Sorry, Mrs. Davison. I saw you were on the phone and didn't want to interrupt."

Corinne stood up and found that she was now way too close to Simon's short, slim form. "Um, you can't keep coming around here, Simon," she said as she stepped back. "Neighbors will gossip."

He looked around at the tall fence and trees lining her property. "I don't see any neighbors. Can you please help me again? I think you liked it last time." He gave her one of his cute grins.

She flushed. She had cum hard when she realized that she had pushed some of the young man's sperm inside her body while masturbating. She assured herself that that wouldn't happen again!

"How's your wrist?" she asked him.

"Still hurts," he told her, wincing as he started to unfasten his pants.

"Not here." Corinne pulled him inside and into the bathroom before pulling out a towel. This time the voluminous mess would be contained! She knelt on the bathroom rug, pulled out his incredible cock, and started to wank it. She watched her fist skim along his long shaft. If anything came from this bizarre relationship, she mused, the muscle tone in her arms would improve.

"Please show me your boobs," Simon urged her, his eyes roaming her tight summer tank top.

"Breasts, Simon, not boobs." Then she stopped and slipped her top off of her shoulders. Without the built-in brassiere restraining them, her C-cups bobbled out. Simon's eyes opened wide at the sight. Corinne flushed, happy that he found her breasts attractive. Her husband didn't really seem to care about them anymore.

"Can you please play with yourself while doing that?" he asked.

She paused in her movements. She had masturbated in front of him just the previous day, so did it really matter if she did it while stroking him? She decided that it didn't, and moved her other hand down to slip into her shorts.

Simon looked down at the beautiful Corinne Davison as she played with herself while pleasuring him and felt his own pleasure ramping up. "I'm gonna..." he warned her.

She snapped out of it and grabbed for the towel, covering his cock with it just in time.

"Unghkh!" Simon grunted as his massive ejaculation was caught by the terrycloth. After about 20 seconds of his cock doing its best to impregnate the towel, he stumbled back into the bathroom counter.

Corinne dropped the towel to the floor and goggled at how much creamy semen she had caught there. She was glad that she had used a white towel.

"Oh, you didn't get to finish..." Simon commented as he reached for her.

"No!" She warded off his hands. "Please go, Simon."

"Umm, okay." He put his pants back on. "I have a picture of you that helps me feel good...do you want a picture of me?"

"What? No, of course I--!" Then she thought about her earlier call. "Oh...actually, can I take a picture of your penis?"

"Yeah!" Simon pulled his member out again, somehow still mostly hard.

Corinne snapped a pic with her hand next to it for comparison and then sent it to her friend. "Okay, thank you, Simon...now please go." Simon left her in the bathroom and she sighed. She looked down at the sheer amount of genetic material that he had left on the towel...it was tremendous! She could feel her pussy tingling...she hadn't cum and she really needed to. She pulled off the rest of her clothes and lay next to the towel, her nose filling with the scent of Simon's freshly-wrought sperm. She could feel that her nipples were very hard now.

She kept her gaze on the puddle of semen as she frigged herself. It wasn't enough! She took a couple fingers, dipped them into the sperm, and then sucked them into her mouth. Then she moved those fingers down to frig at her clit. That helped, so she did it again...dip, suck, frig...again...dip, suck, frig...dip, suck, frig...dip, frig...dip, frig...

Her eyes flew open. She had missed the part where she sucked Simon's cum off of her fingers! She had gathered some of it onto those digits and then moved them directly down to her pussy...she realized that she had actually slipped them between her vaginal lips that last time!

"Oh FUUUCK!" she cried out as she came on her cum-covered fingers, her mature body practically sucking the dangerous substance off of her digits and pulling it deeper inside.

*Ding!*

She came down from her euphoric high to the sound of a text alert arriving. Calming her breathing, she had a look.

*Omg that cock is so big! Gimme!*

Corinne took another look at the picture. She gasped when she realized that she had used her left hand for comparison, and right there was the ring her husband had given her on their wedding day, at complete odds with the long penis next to it that definitely did not belong to her husband.

*I'll get back to you on that* she sent back.

---

Simon quietly slipped out of Mrs. Davison's house. He had delayed his departure to spy on her masturbating with his stuff from the bathroom doorway. Smiling, he headed home.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)