Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Fifteen: Mommy Maids Get Naughty
Summary: The Mommy-Maids get naughty with their kids!
Keywords: Ff mF ff mff FF mc inc oral creampie anal rim A2M inter toy exhib voy breed

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Janiqua: Student
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Asuka: Student
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Veronica: Student

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Coach Richards: Teacher
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother

The Imprisoned

Gizzamuluke
Hagazim
Lady Smiles
Maggotborn
The Misshapen
Ripper
Smiles
The Seductress
The Stalker
The Twin

Bella Miles

I opened the door to my old home where I lived with my mother until I had been claimed by the man I loved. It felt strange to be stepping into the living room. Like I didn't belong here any longer. That I was a stranger trespassing.

I smoothed the black skirt of my maid's uniform, rustling the layers of petticoats beneath it. A nervous flutter shot through me. I set the cedar box on the coffee table as I heard footsteps approaching from the back of the house.

Bella? Mom asked. She looked so surprised to see me. I didn't think to see you so soon! An amused smile played on her lips. I mean, you did just move out to live with your Master.

Husband-Master, Mom, I said. And I do love being his, but I had to pick something up. Something special.

Oh? she asked, moving closer. She wore an old t-shirt and a pair of jeans. She had curly, brown hair like me, her eyes brown instead of hazel. Her boobs were definitely bigger but I was also taller by several inches. What? Did you miss something? You did leave so much of your stuff behind.

You, Mom, I said and opened the cedar box. There were five garters in there. Five bands of green lace. I picked up one of them. I came back for you.

Her eyes widened at the sight of the garter. Bella, she breathed and stumbled closer, the power of the garter seizing her. Really?

Of course, Mom, I said with a bright smile. You're the best wife I know. You deserve to be with a man who will love you and not abandon you for young pussy. Because... Lance has all the young pussy he could want. And he loves MILFs, too. So you can join in the fun.

Tears appeared in the corners of Mom's eyes as she peeled off her t-shirt.

Would you like to be one of my Master-Husband's Maid-Concubines? I asked, having to say these words. They were important. To love and protect him, to put his pleasures and desires before your own, to treasure and support him, in the good times and bad, until death do you part?

Yes, Mom moaned as she dropped her t-shirt. Her boobs jiggled in a white bra. She slipped her arms through the straps and shoved the bra down to her torso, her boobs spilling out so big and lush. Her dark-red nipples thrust out hard before her. She spun around the bra so the clasp was in front of her and undid it. I do! I do so much! Yes, yes, yes, Bella!

Joy burst in my heart. The tears of happiness spilled down my mother's cheeks as she unsnapped her jeans. She pushed those off, bending over. Her big boobs swayed from side to side as she did it. It was such a hot sight to witness. She lost her pants and her fluffy, purple slippers in the process. 

Last, came the panties. She had a thick, brown bush. Wild. I smiled at it. The untamed bush of a divorced woman who had been abandoned by the man she loved. The man she had devoted her life to. He hadn't contested anything about the divorce. Paid her alimony, gave her the house, and custody of me. He just wanted to fuck those whores. And he wanted out before he got a huge promotion at his work and made far more money.

Prick.

As she stepped out of her panties, I dropped to my knees before Mom. I was so ready to do this. I held out the green garter to her. She smiled and lifted her leg. She thrust it out at me, her toes wiggling. I smiled at her as I slid the green garter up and over her left foot and up her calf.

I touched her silky skin as I pushed the garter up her leg. She stared down at me with those big boobs and all that joy in her eyes. She knew I was telling the truth. She would be marrying a Master who would never abandon her.

She would become his Concubine-Maid. Like me, she would cherish and protect him. Love and honor him. Give her body and soul to him. 

I slid the garter up her smooth thigh until it reached its resting place. She groaned in delight as my hands caressed up her thighs while my eyes stared at her bush. She was one of Lance's maids. That meant we were also united.

That though it was incest for me to nuzzle my face into her bush and eat her pussy, it was permitted incest. There were no boundaries between those who served in his harem. The taboo transgression of familial love was allowed. Encouraged.

The curls of my mother's thick bush rubbed into my face. I breathed in her sweet musk, so similar to my own, and found my mother's pussy lips. I flicked my tongue through her cuntlips. She gasped as I did that. Her back arched as I feasted on the cunt that had birthed me.

Bella, groaned Mom. Oh, my god, Bella. Oh, wow, I've never had a woman do that. My own daughter!

I know, Mommy, I purred. I came from right here.

I thrust my tongue into her cunt and swirled around in my mother. She groaned, her twat clenching down on my probing appendage. Her sweetness engulfed me. I loved the warmth and the silkiness of her snatch. I swirled around in her.

She groaned as I stirred her up. She loved what I did to her pussy. She quivered on me, swaying from side to side, her eyes so wide as she stared down at me flicking my tongue through her snatch. I winked up at her as I devoured her.

Oh, honey, she moaned. Oh, my baby girl, that's so good. Ooh, yes, yes, that's the pussy that birthed you. You came from Mommy's body. Oh, my god! That's so good! Bella!

Mommy, I moaned, my pussy clenching. Lance had this same joy with his mother. It was a beautiful thing to eat out my mother.

If I had a cock, I would so fuck my mom with it all the time. But all I could do was lick her.

Feast on her.

Revel in how good her sweet cunt was. I transgressed. I broke the laws of men and god, but I was owned by Lance Hayward. The Golden Power was greater than anything in this world. It controlled me. Permitted me powers. Strengths. Passions. 

I would have been happy just being Lance's, but I was even happier to be one of Lance's maids. His special maid. His Wife-Maid, but I could have been thrilled to be a Concubine-Maid. To just serve him made my heart flutter with joy.

Oh, Bella, Mom moaned, her hand gripping the back of my head as my tongue flicked through her folds. Oh, yes, Bella!

Mom knew that same joy. Every woman in the world, whether they knew it or not, wanted to be Lance's maid. It was such an honor. There was something like 3.5 billion of us women, and only fifty-five of us would serve him.

We were the crme de la crme. 

I danced my tongue around my mom's clit. I loved stroking her bud. I savored filling her pussy against my tongue. She groaned as I feasted on her. She loved what I did to her. She groaned as my tongue stroked her naughty pearl.

Her big boobs shook above me. I stared up at Mom's tits, loving the sight of them as her thick bush and juicy pussy lips rubbed on my face. I loved how she felt against my mouth. My lips. I breathed in her sweet musk as I tongued her.

I loved my mother's pussy. I worshiped her cunt, my hands gripping her plump rump. I savored the taste of her twat on my lips. She was so yummy. I enjoyed every moment of feasting on her. I loved every second lapping at her clit. I suckled at her bud.

She gasped in delight. Oh, my Bella! You're so amazing! I'm going to cum!

Mmm, you better, Mommy! I moaned. I nibbled on her clit.

She bucked, her boobs bouncing. I will! Oh, god, I will! Is this what it's like to be his maid? This pleasure?

Wait until we have a threesome with him, I purred. He'll want us. Mother and daughter together. He'll pump his cum into both our fertile pussies!

I suckled on her clit. I nibbled on her bud, savoring the way she squirmed. I wanted to drown in all her pussy juices. This was such a wonderful moment. My tongue flicked over her clit. I danced about her bud, savoring how good she tasted.

I licked and lapped at her. I savored all how wonderful she tasted. How amazing it was to dance my tongue around her clit. She whimpered, her head tossing back and forth. Her face contorted with delight. She stared down at me.

Oh, my god, she groaned. Oh, my fucking god! Bella! Bella! I love you!

Her sweet juices gushed out and bathed my mouth.

I licked and lapped at my mother's cunt, drinking down all her wonderful juices. She had such a yummy twat. I loved the taste of her. The flavor of her cunt spilled over my mouth. It was an exciting delight to drink down all her pussy juices. She tasted so good. Just fantastic. It was something wondrous. I drowned in her cunt cream.

Oh, my god, Bella! she kept gasping, her curly, brown hair dancing.

Mmm, Mommy, I purred, feasting on her pussy juices.

I licked through her folds. I lapped at her with such passion. Such hunger for my mother's pussy. She was delicious. Just the treat that I needed. So did Lance. He would enjoy every second of devouring his mother's cunt.

She tasted so good. I lapped at her with all my might. I loved how good she tasted. I savored the passion of her twat. Her wonderful cunt cream spilled over my tongue. Ran hot down my chin. My boobs jiggled in my maid's uniform as she squealed in delight.

Oh, Bella! she groaned, swaying. Oh, Bella, I have to make you cum.

My hot pussy clenched. You do, Mommy! That's how the harem works.

I'll be right back! she gasped and broke from me, leaving me panting with need. She turned and darted to the back of the house and where her bedroom was. I have just the thing.

Sure, I said and headed to the couch. I sat down on it, my puffy skirts rustling. I spread my legs apart, throwing my left over the armrest. I stared at the yellow garter about my thigh just above the top of my white stockings. My pussy burned.

Mom came darting back in holding a pink... vibrator? My mom had a vibrator? I was so shocked. Yes, it made sense for a divorced woman who didn't date to have a vibrator and masturbate, but this was my mother. It just... never clicked in my head that she needed sex.

Now I was glad she had it. She smiled at me as she moved around the coffee table. She dropped to her knees before me. I smiled at her as she turned on the vibrator by twisting the black base. It hummed to life.

My twat tingled.

You're going to love this, she said and pressed it into my bush. 

I gasped at the buzzing contact of the vibrator on my pussy lips. Pleasure burst from me. My eyes widened at how good it felt to have her rubbing her vibrator up and down my snatch. The heat washed through me. I groaned at how delicious that felt. 

She slid it up and down my cunt. She teased me with it. This amazing heat washed through me as she did that. I groaned, savoring this delight. It was such a rush to have her massaging me like this. I felt so wicked.

Oh, Mommy, I groaned as she worked the vibrator up and down my slit. She brushed my clit. 

My entire body spasmed.

Mommy! I squealed. 

Mmm, that's nice, right? she purred, working the vibrator in slow circles on my clit. She massaged me with it. I groaned, loving what she did to me. Just enjoy!

She thrust the vibrator into my pussy. I groaned as that thick shaft buzzed away at my cunt. I gasped, my pussy clamping down on that thick dick. Waves of heat rushed through my body. I wiggled my hips from side to side, savoring that wonderful delight.

It was an incredible sensation to have her working that vibrator into my depths. I squeezed my cunt around the toy as she drew it back. It was just such an awesome treat to experience this buzzing shaft working in and out of my twat.

Mom! I groaned, loving the massaging rod. It wasn't as passionate as Lance's cockhow could anything beat my Husband-Master filling my pussy with his throbbing dick and spilling his seed in mebut it was still delicious to experience. Oh, god, Mom!

I know, she said and did something even more shocking.

She kissed my asshole. With my rump at the edge of the couch, she could easily lick at it. Her tongue danced over my anal ring. She rimmed me. It was wonderful to feel her doing that as she pumped the vibrator in and out of my cunt.

Her tongue soaked my asshole as the vibrator pumped away at her twat. I clamped my pussy down on her, my toes curling in my heels. I whimpered, my face twisting in delight as she pumped the vibrator in and out of my snatch.

Her tongue pushed against my anal ring and wiggled into my bowels. I gasped at how naughty it was to have her wet tongue dancing around in my asshole. She swirled about in my backdoor as the vibrator churned up my pussy.

Mom! I gasped. That's so dirty! I love it!

It just felt right, she moaned and thrust her tongue back into my asshole.

I loved her wiggling that naughty appendage around in my asshole as she thrust the dildo into my asshole again and again. She churned me up with that wonderful vibrator. She drove me wild. I groaned as she did that. I savored her burying it deep into my pussy.

It was fantastic. Outstanding. My face twisted in delight as she fucked me with the vibrator. My pussy melted around the buzzing shaft. I groaned, my orgasm building and building as my mother tongue-fucked my asshole.

I had my mother's tongue in my rectum. This was so hot.

Oh, god, Mommy! I moaned, rising toward that amazing orgasm. I would have such a powerful climax. I couldn't wait to burst. Oh, my god, Mommy!

She wiggled her tongue around in my asshole as she twisted the dildo about in my cunt. My pussy clenched down on it. The heat grew and grew in me. I rose toward that bursting point. I hurtled closer and closer to it.

I would just explode with such ecstasy. This was outstanding. Just fantastic. She churned up my pussy, working that vibrator in and out of my cunt with such speed. She twisted the humming toy around in me as she fluttered her tongue in circles in my asshole.

My face twisted in delight. This was so delicious. So wicked. I groaned, rising and rising toward that wonderful bursting point. This was it. I shuddered at that toy burying into my pussy. The heat of that tongue added to my delight.

Mommy! I squealed and burst with my rapture.

My orgasm swept through me.

Stars burst across my vision. They danced before my eyes. The pleasure swept through my body. I bucked and shuddered, savoring this ecstasy rushing through me. I cried out with my euphoria as I drowned in rapture.

Mom ripped the vibrator out of my cunt and licked at my pussy. She drank my juices. I loved the incestuous thrill of Mom devouring my cream. She made me cum. Gave me this taboo pleasure. I bucked on the couch, my boobs bouncing in my bodice.

Mommy! I love you!

Mmm, my sweet Bella, she cooed as she licked at me.

I quivered through my orgasm. The stars danced before my eyes. I loved every second of this delight. I trembled through all this pleasure. It was delicious. I shuddered through all that wonderful bliss, hitting the peak of my ecstasy.

Oh, my god, I groaned. Mommy!

She lifted her face from between my thighs, her lips dripping in my pussy cream. She rose up me, cupping my face and kissing me with passion. She kissed me, my sweet juices and a faint sourness from my asshole seasoning our love.

I loved this so much. I savored this with all my heart and being. I kissed my mother as I trembled through the aftershocks of my orgasm. I groaned as our lips worked together. This was so sweet. So wonderful.

She broke the kiss and breathed, Our Husband-Master awaits us, Bella.

He does, I breathed. Pack up whatever you want to keep, Mom. We don't need this home any longer.

No, we don't, she purred in agreement. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I entered the mansion to find my mother and our daughter, Angela, greeting me. They both wore their maid's uniform, of course, Mom with the silver garter and Angela with the bronze. They both curtsied, lifting their skirts enough to flash their furred muffs.

Master, they murmured together. Then they squealed and threw themselves at me.

I smiled as I scooped up my mother and our daughter in my arms. Mom kissed me first, a hot and loving kiss that made me quiver. Angela's kiss was full of youthful passion. Her energetic kisses were so amazing. I loved the feel of her mouth on mine. 

She broke the kiss, beaming at me Master-Daddy, welcome home!

Thanks, I said as Kylie and Ms. Docea entered behind me. 

No kisses for your big sister! said Kylie.

Angela darted around me to kiss our sister. I loved the sounds of them making out while Cali came up to me, her purple eyes were so bright. She cupped my face and kissed me, her lips warm and delicious on my mouth.

Welcome home, Master, she purred. Mmm, how was your day.

Fruitful, I said.

Master, Mom groaned. She dropped to her knees and flipped up her skirt. She wiggled her rump at me, her blonde bush dripping with her pussy juices. Her silver garter glittered on her thigh. She looked so sexy there. Oh, Master, I need you! I need to be fucked and bred right now. I have to make another Daughter-Maid to serve you!

She knelt there, wiggling her rump. I loved how beautiful she was. How great it was to see her rustling her skirt at me. I smiled at the sight of her. I loved how sexy she was. I just had to drop to my knees and pound her cunt hard. 

So I did.

I fell to my knees and unbuckled my jeans. She threw a glance over her shoulder, her maid's uniform rustling around her. Oh, Master, thank you. Your Mommy-Maid needs that big dick so badly. I'm so wet for you! I missed you all day long!

So did I, Daddy! Angela said as I unzipped my fly. My cute daughter was so adorable. Fourteen and delicious. 

I shoved off my jeans and boxers, my cock springing out. Angela dropped to her knees beside me and grabbed my cock. Smiling, her black hair spilling around her face, she guided me toward our mother's pussy. My Daughter-Maid's warm hand felt so delicious on my dick. She pushed me into those delicious curls and right against Mom's folds.

My Mommy-Maid moaned as our daughter worked my dick up and down that juicy slit. I loved it. I felt the entrance to her pussy and thrust to the hilt in her cunt. I groaned as I sank to the hilt in her wonderful cunt. 

Yes! Mom squealed. Master! My Master-Son is in me! My big and strong and sexy Owner is in my pussy!

Yes, yes he is, Mommy! both Kylie and Angela moaned. 

The pair started making out as I savored being in my mother's fertile pussy. I reveled in being in her wonderful snatch. She held me tight in that hot twat. I loved how wet she was. How amazing it was to have her pussy around my dick.

I drew back my cock. I savored that heat as I drew back and back. I loved every second of it. I rammed back into her snatch. I buried to the hilt in her pussy. I fucked her hard. Fast. I plowed into her with such force.

Shit! I groaned as I thrust into her cunt. I pounded her twat with all that I had. I hammered her snatch with such force. I buried into her cunt with everything that I had. Oh, shit, that's good!

She squeezed her incestuous twat around my dick. I fucked into her with such force. She held me tight. I loved how great she felt in my cunt. I pumped away at her. I fucked her with force, burying deep and hard into her snatch. She gripped me. Massaged me. I loved every second of fucking her like this.

I pounded her cunt hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her snatch again and again. It was outstanding. I loved that heat. I thrust away with such force, pounding her snatch hard and fast. She gripped me with that wondrous cunt.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I groaned, savoring her snatch gripping my dick. She held me with that wonderful heat. Mom! Fuck, Mom!

That's it! she moaned as she rocked back into me, her bunched-up skirt and petticoats rustling. Oh, my god, my Master-Son is fucking me so hard! Oh, breed me! Breed your Mommy-Maid, Master! Yes, yes, I want to have your daughters!

You will! I groaned, burying deep and hard into her snatch. I savored how amazing it felt to have her gripping my dick. She was so wonderful. I groaned, pumping away hard and fast into her snatch. You're going to have all my daughters, Mommy!

She gasped in delight, her hot twat gripping me. I pumped away at her. I loved her gripping me. She was amazing. The heat was fantastic. I loved it so much. This was awesome. I plowed into her snatch with such force. I fucked her with such passion. This was outstanding. 

My nuts slapped into her bush, the pressure building and building in them. I would have such a big climax. Just a mighty burst of pleasure. I couldn't wait for all that delight to shower into her snatch. I fucked her hard and fast.

I pounded her cunt. I fucked her pussy with force. I loved how she gripped me. How she suckled on me. She felt incredible. I loved her around me. I drove my cock into her snatch again and again. She was outstanding.

Mommy! I groaned as I pumped away at her. That pussy!

Are you going to cum in your Mommy-Maid's cunt, Master? she cooed.

Cum in her! squealed Kylie. Cum in our mommy, Master Big Brother!

Yes, yes, breed Mommy, Master-Daddy! Angela moaned. 

The two sisters writhed together. They were licking at each other's cunts, their maid's uniform rustling. It was hot seeing them sixty-nining beside us. I slammed hard into my Mom's cunt, drilling into her with such force.

The pressure grew and grew in my nuts. I would flood her with so much fun. Just fire all my jizz into her snatch. It would be fantastic. I groaned, loving the feel of her about my dick. She had such an amazing snatch. I loved her gripping me.

Holding me.

Bringing me closer and closer to cumming in that forbidden hole. I reveled in fucking my mother. Her hot pussy squeezed around me. She was amazing. The second woman I had made love to after Cali. My purple-eyed maid watched on with her hot eyes.

While my Teacher-Maid masturbated frantically.

I slammed into my mother right here in the foyer. In the entrance hall. This was my manor. I wouldn't be afraid of it right now. I had my maids with me. I had passion in my nuts. I fucked my mother, so eager to breed her.

I groaned, pumping away at Mom with force. She held me tight as I fucked her with such passion. I groaned, loving the way her twat held me. It was an incredible rush. I was so close to spurting. I thrust to the hilt in her

Yes! she moaned, her head tossing. Oh, that's so good. Just keep slamming that cock into me. I love it!

Yes, she does, Cali purred. Put another daughter in her, Master!

Yes! I buried to the hilt in Mom's cunt. So close to erupting in her silky depths. I wanted to spill all of my incestuous cum into her pussy. I ached for that so much. I pumped away at her. Cum on my dick, Mom!

Yes! she moaned, her pussy gripping my cock. Oh, yes, yes, that's so good! Oh, my Master-Son! Oh, yes, yes, my big, strong Owner! I... I...

Her pussy went wild around my dick. 

She suckled at my cock with her hot twat. I groaned as she suckled at me. She felt so amazing doing that to me. Just so wonderful having her hot twat rippling around my dick. I loved the feel of her cunt suckling at me.

I erupted into my mother's cunt

Fuck! I groaned as I showered her fertile pussy in my taboo seed. Mom!

Oh, yes, yes, Master! she gasped, her pussy convulsing around my dick.

She suckled at me with hunger. She nursed at me with such force. Rapture surged around me. Stars flashed across my eyes. I loved every second of the heat rushing through me. I pumped my spunk into her. I flooded her twat again and again.

Every blast of cum slammed ecstasy into my mind. I reveled in the forbidden euphoria of breeding my mother. I pumped her cunt full of my cum. I filled her to the brim with all my seed. I felt so good. Just outstanding.

I erupted one last time.

Damn, I groaned, panting. My chest rose and fell from all the delight that she gave me. It was outstanding. 

Oh, honey, she moaned. Mmm, Master, you filled me up with all your cum!

I shuddered, my cock throbbing with this passion. It was just an amazing thrill to breed my mother. I loved the thrill. Angela and Kylie squealed beside us, both of them having so much fun as they shared in their sisterly passion.

Your aunt and her new maids are home, Master, Cali said and headed for the doors. She opened them.

Mmm, you're very responsive, said Aunt Nancy as she swept in past Cali. My aunt wore her maid's uniform, of course, with a red garter about her thigh. Master.

I pulled out of my mom's pussy and saw that three naked girls followed her in, all wearing orange garters. Two of them were my cousins, Deborah and Izzy, while the third was a dusky-skinned Arab girl with a pierced clit and nose. A crescent moon swung from her bellybutton.

Your Slut-Maids, Master, said Aunt Nancy, her face so similar to Mom's, but there was something dominating in my aunt's look. Her strawberry-blonde hair gave her a touch of fire Mom lacked. How do you want to enjoy the little harlots.

Yes, how, Master? Deborah moaned. She was the oldest of my two cousins, her hair fiery red. The sixteen-year-old girl also had a pierced clit and nice, round tits. Mmm, I've always wanted to fuck you, Master Lance. Now I can.

Me, too, Izzy said. She was fourteen, the same age as Kylie and Angela, with auburn hair and boobs just as round as her big sister's. She also had pierced nipples. Her tongue stud clicked against the back of her teeth. You're so sexy, Master Cuz. How do you want to enjoy us.

Yes, yes, yes, moaned the last maid. I'm Alisha! I want to ride your huge cock! I know you're the best!

I glanced at Deborah's pierced clit. You can sit on my face while Izzy can ride me. I sank to the floor. Right here in the foyer where some of the Imprisoned, like that mad dog Hagazim, could watch. I want to enjoy my cousins.

You heard her, sluts! snapped Aunt Nancy. Our Master wants to enjoy your bodies. Move it, or I'll whip you from one end of the mansion to the other!

Yes, Mistress-Mommy! Deborah and Izzy squealed together. 

My Cousin-Maids flung themselves at me. Deborah straddled my head and planted her shaved cunt right on my face. Her tangy juice smeared over my features as she squirmed on me. I licked at her clit, brushing her piercing.

She squealed in delight as I did that. She whimpered as my tongue furrowed through her twat. I licked at her with delight as my other cousin grabbed my dick and straddled my waist. She pressed my wet cock into her hot folds and slid it back across her taint to her asshole.

Mmm, Master Cuz's big dick in my cunt! she moaned and pushed her asshole against the throbbing tip of my dick. Yay!

It was an outstanding delight to have her asshole widening and widening to swallow my cock. I loved the feel of her doing that. She had such an amazing grip on my dick. I loved it so much. Her anal ring popped open.

My Slut-Maid plunged her asshole down my dick. I moaned into my other Cousin-Maid's cunt, reveling in Izzy's anal sheath swallowing my pussy-lubed dick. Mom's cunt cream let my cousin bottom out on me with ease.

Holy fuck, you got a big dick, Master Cuz! moaned Izzy. I love it. I fucking love it! Oh, yes, this is a dick right here!

Yes it is, groaned my aunt. Now you give our Master all the pleasure you can, sluts! He owns those naughty asses!

Yep! Izzy squeezed her bowels around my dick and slid up me.

I groaned as she did that. The heat of her anal sheath around my dick was spectacular. She massaged me as she worked her bowels up my cock. It was fantastic to have her doing that. She felt amazing. I tongued her sister's cunt.

I licked at Deborah's tangy snatch. My tongue flicked through her folds. I heard Mom gasp in the background. Such exciting sounds echoed around me as I thrust my tongue into Deborah's cunt and stirred around in my cousin.

She squeezed her hot flesh down around me while her naughty sister worked her asshole up and down my dick. She massaged me with that hot anal sheath. I groaned, loving her tight bowels riding my shaft.

Fuck, Master Cuz! Izzy moaned. Oh, fuck, that's so good!

It looks so good! Alisha moaned in envy.

Eat my cunt, slut! hissed Aunt Nancy.

Alisha squeaked in answer. A moment later, skirts rustling, Aunt Nancy was moaning, too. The sounds were so hot as I savored my cousin's tight asshole working up and down my dick. I tongued Deborah's cunt, playing with her piercing.

I loved the feel of her clit. I brushed against her again and again. I loved how she felt against my lips. My tongue swept over her. I brushed her. Played with her. I loved how delicious she tasted. I wanted her gushing juices.

I knew I would enjoy it.

I suckled on her pierced clit as her sister rode my dick faster and faster. That tight asshole slid up and plunged back down my cock again and again. I reveled in that wonderful grip about my cock. The velvety friction swelled the ache in my ball.

Mom and Aunt Nancy both moaned. Skirts rustled. My sister and daughter squealed. It sounded like they were tribbing now. I loved this so much. My maids were amazing. My harem was fantastic. And there were more to come.

More women to enjoy.

I suckled hard on Deborah's clit. She moaned, her butt-cheeks clenching before my face. She shifted her vulva on my mouth. She massaged me with her tangy snatch. I loved the flavor of her. The taste of her cunt.

It was fantastic. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. I thrust my tongue into her snatch and swirled around in her cunt. I danced about in her snatch. I just wanted her to drown me. To gush all her juices.

She whimpered on me as my tongue flicked through her folds. I nibbled on her clit. I loved her bud. She groaned, her back arching. Her fiery hair danced down her back. I loved the sounds she made as her sister rode my dick.

Master Cuz! moaned Deborah. I'm going to cum so hard!

Yes, yes, cum all over him, slut! Izzy groaned, her hips undulating from side to side. Just gush all those juices and drown him.

Gladly! whimpered Deborah. Just keep sucking on me, Master Cuz. I... I... Fuck!

Her tangy juices gushed out. She gasped as she drowned me in her pussy cream. My dick throbbed as her sister's asshole plunged down my cock. She took every inch of me. She gasped as her asshole went wild. Her pussy juices gushed out and splashed my stomach.

Fuck, I groaned as more of her cunt cream drenched my stomach as her anal sheath writhed around me. Yes!

I erupted into my cousin's asshole while I drank my other cousin's pussy juices. I licked at Deborah's cunt as Izzy's anal sheath suckled at my cock. She nursed at me with her hungry bowels. Stars burst across my vision as enjoyed this hot treat. It was a thrill to spurt all my jizz into her bowels. 

I erupted again and again, my tongue flicking through Deborah's folds. I licked and lapped at her pussy, savoring this heat. The pleasure rushed through me. My tongue brushed her clit. I played with her clit piercing. I batted it as she squirmed on my face. 

Master Cuz! Deborah moaned as she trembled on me.

Yes, yes, Master Cuz! whimpered Izzy, her asshole milking my cock dry.

I grunted, firing into her bowels one more time. I groaned, savoring the heat rushing through me. I felt so good. Just so amazing. My mother squealed in the background. Aunt Nancy joined her. I loved those sounds as I savored Izzy's asshole rippling around my dick a few more times.

Oh, Master, you're a stud, moaned Deborah. You really devoured my cunt. That was awesom
e.
Yeah, I panted, my heart pounding in my chest. Glad you... enjoyed it.

So fucking much. She rose off me, leaving me dripping.

Help me up, Deborah, Izzy moaned, her round boobs quivering. His dick is awesome. I came so hard. 

I bet you did, dirty slut, purred Deborah as she grabbed her sister's hands and helped her rise. I'm going to lick all that cum out of your asshole. Just feast on all of Master's jizz.

Yes! squealed Izzy.

I grinned and stood. Aunt Nancy pushed Alisha from her pussy and stared down at the Slut-Maid. Our Master's cock is dirty!

Yes, Mistress! she gasped and turned around. She crawled toward me, her black hair falling around her dusky face. She was gorgeous. Nice, round boobs that jiggled. She stopped before me. Oh, Master Lance, when I saw the garter and knew I was yours, it was the happiest moment of my life, but now... Now I get to love you!

She swallowed my dirty dick. I groaned as she did that. Her hot lips slid over my cock and sealed about my shaft. Her tongue slid around my dick. I groaned as she buffed me clean. A wonderful heat swept over me.

She bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me with passion. It was an incredible thrill having her work her mouth up and down my dick. I groaned as she did that. She loved me so much, her brown eyes staring up at me.

I cupped her dusky cheek. Damn, you are gorgeous.

She moaned around my cock and suckled hard.

Ooh, Deborah, you skank! squealed Izzy. I love it! Lick that cum out of my asshole. That's our Master Cuz's jizz!

Yeah, it is, Deborah moaned, her face buried between her sister's butt-cheeks. It was a hot sight.

Kylie, get over here and eat my cunt! snapped Aunt Nancy.

Yes, Mistress! Kylie squealed and scurried over, her pink garter so cute on her thighs. She dropped to her knees and buried her head up beneath our aunt's skirt and petticoats. Pussy!

At the same time, Mother and Angela fell into a sixty-nine and Cali shuddered as Ms. Docea ate her pussy out. It was such a delight to have all my women enjoying themselves that were here. Bella was at home running an errand while the other maids would soon be gathering with their belongings at the school.

I told them two hours, which meant I basically should have headed back after arriving. Well, they could wait. I was getting my dick sucked by my Slut-Maid. Alisha polished my pole with such hunger in her dark eyes.

That's it, groaned Cali, her purple eyes flashing. Lick my pussy! Feast on my cunt! You're owned. Just like me!

Yes! Ms. Docea groaned.

Mommy! Mommy! squealed Angela as she lay atop our mother. The two maids looked so hot, Mom gripping our daughter's cute ass. Mmm, your pussy is so yummy. I love it. Daddy and me both came from here!

And your big sis! Kylie squealed, her voice muffled by our aunt's cunt.

Don't stop licking me, Aunt Nancy hissed. I'll spank that ass, Kylie! Good maids obey!

Yes! squeaked my little sister.

I just smiled, loving it. Izzy moaned as Deborah feasted on her asshole. The two sisters were so sexy. I watched them as Alisha worked her hot mouth up and down my dirty dick. The slut knew what she was doing as she took more and more of my cock.

I pressed into the back of her throat. That didn't stop her. I slid down her gullet. She gurgled and worked her mouth farther and farther down my shaft. She swirled her tongue around my shaft. She sent such delight rushing through me.

Fuck, I groaned as she worked her mouth down my dick.

She moaned around my cock, her humming massaging my dick. I loved it. She slid down my shaft until her lips nestled into the curls of my bush. She rubbed her nose into my pubic hair as she nursed on my cock. She suckled, hummed, and swirled her tongue.

She worshiped me. I savored my Slut-Maid's throat. She buffed my shaft clean as I throbbed down her gullet. I felt amazing. I loved what she did to me. A big smile spread on my lips. Then she worked up my shaft.

She suckled the entire way. I groaned as she did that. The heat swept through me. A big smile spread on my lips. She felt so amazing. I loved every second of her nursing on my cock. I smiled down at her. She winked up at me.

Fuck, I groaned.

The tip of my cock popped out of her gullet. She swirled her tongue around the crown and nursed. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock with such passion. The pleasure rippled through me. My face contorted with building pressure.

My women moaned around me as the need to cum built and built. Cali gasped out in orgasm already, cumming on Ms. Docea's face. I smiled at that. I loved the sounds she made. I enjoyed them as the pressure in my balls built.

Fuck, Alisha, you're getting a big blast of cum, I groaned.

She whimpered and suckled.

She wants it, Master, moaned Aunt Nancy. She's such a slut!

I believed it as Alisha swirled her tongue around my dick. The heat built and built I swelled toward that amazing eruption. I loved how great she felt about me. I loved every second of this bliss erupting from my cock.

Fuck! I groaned and erupted into Alisha's mouth.

I pumped my jizz into the Arab-Maid's hot mouth. She gulped down my cum. She swallowed my jizz. I loved her swallowing blast after blast of my cum. She nursed on me as the pleasure crashed into my mind. Stars exploded across my thoughts.

I loved this so much. I savored this heat sweeping through my body. It was magnificent. Just fantastic to enjoy. The pleasure swept through my body. My mind melted from the ecstasy. I shuddered with all the joy rippling through me.

Oh, my god, I groaned. Oh, my fucking god, yes!

Alisha gulped down all my cum as my other women whimpered and moaned around me. I threw back my head. My grunts mixed with their orgasmic gasps. It was so delicious. Alisha suckled hard as I spurted the last of my cum into her mouth.

Oh, damn, I groaned, sucking in such deep breaths. Oh, damn, that's good.

It is, purred Cali. My purple-eyed maid came up alongside me, her big boobs jiggling in her low-cut top. She touched my shoulder. Master, I've prepared many new uniforms today. They are waiting in each of the maid's rooms. I will assign them when they arrive.

Right, right, I said. I have a large group of maids to pick up. How do we transport them all.

Come with me, she purred.

I pulled up my boxers and jeans and followed her. I left my other maids behind to gasp and whimper. We left the entrance hall through a door next to the Hagazim's painting, the black and snarling dog that tried to eat Ms. Docea last night. We entered a hallway that led to the ballroom in the west wing. We passed a statue of a man with bent shoulders and fat tears spilling down his cheeks. He held a dagger in his hand with a drop beading at the tip.

The Weeper, said Cali as she strode by him. He killed your great-grandfather with that knife.

A shiver ran through my shoulders.

We passed other macabre sights. One was a painting of a forest with many eyes peering out of the shadows. The eyes watched me and it felt like the entire woods wanted to devour me. I strode with my back straight as I followed after my maid.

We entered the ballroom. It was a large space with parquet floors and chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. Windows lined both sides with the curtains pulled back. There were no paintings in here. I flicked my gaze around.

Were there parties ever held here? I asked.

Orgies, she said. Certain bacchanalic rites. She reached the door at the far end of the balcony and opened it onto the grounds. A more modern structure lay beyond with a row of garage doors. She pulled a set of skeleton keys from her pocket that also had a small remote on it. She licked a button.

The doors all rolled open as we walked the gravel path to it. Inside this garage was a large limo and three black SUVs. They looked like the top that security personnel would ride around in to guard rich people.

Each of the SUVs can hold up to ten maids counting the driver, she said. More if you pack them in. The limo can hold another ten. All are armored. Your uncle invested in them. You also have a private jet at a nearby airfield that can seat half the harem, though you should tell your maids to invest in a pilot.

Right, I said. A jet? Fuck, I forgot how rich I was.

And you should never take more than two-thirds of the harem out at a time once we're fully staff. Especially if you'll be gone overnight.

I nodded and studied her as she stroked her hand over the hood of the limo. What are you, Cali?

Your maid. She turned and threw her arms around me. Her purple eyes filled my vision as she pressed against me. A light flickered in their violet depths. A slave to your Golden Power, Master Hayward.

But you're not human.

I'm from the Otherworld, she cooed and kissed me. 

To be continued...
