
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                 The Chamber of Secret Delights {gbgg}

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

   If you are under 18, you are very naughty for peeking at a story
   like this. Bad. Hold out your hand ... (slap). And now for your
   spanking; down with your pants! Oops, (heh) got a little carried
   away there. Anyway, go watch Barney, right now!

   There, that got rid of them. On with the show!

                                   V
                                   V
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   |
                                   V

                    The Chamber of Secret Delights

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

   Sighing heavily, Harry turned the dismal gray pages of the extra
   book Snape had assigned, "The magical qualities of assorted
   mushrooms." So much to memorize. "...eating from one side will
   make you larger, eating from the other side will make you
   smaller..." and so on. He was lazily daydreaming of butterbeers,
   when he heard a "sst!"

   Looking around, he noticed that all the others in the boy's
   dormitory had dozed off over their studies; hardly surprising,
   given the hour. Yet still, "sst!" he heard it again. A young
   girl's head was protruding from the wall. It was the head of
   Moaning Myrtle. "Harry, you've got to come quick!" she whispered
   loudly.

   "What?" he replied. "I can't hear you!"

   "You've got to come quick. You-know-who has put the entire castle
   under a sleeping spell, and we need you to come help break it!"

   Harry scratched his head. "If everyone's asleep, then why are you
   whispering?"

   Myrtle shrugged, emerging from the wall. "More dramatic I
   suppose. Hey," she grinned. "I've never been in the boy's
   dormitory before!" She leapt up into the air over Harry. As he
   glanced up, under her frilly, fancy old-fashioned dress, he
   noticed that she wasn't wearing any undergarments.

   Now Harry, having been raised in a family without any young girls
   in it, had never seen a naked female body. So he found himself
   unwittingly fascinated by the glimpse he had caught of the soft
   reddish folds between the smooth pink lips gazing down from
   between Myrtle's legs as she flew over him.

   Quickly he looked away, though she gave a meaningful look as if
   she had noticed. But rather than mention it, she bounced lightly
   off the wall and landed abruptly sitting on top of him. Not that
   he could feel her weight -- she was, after all, a ghost. But he
   thought he imagined something stirring in his lap.

   She reached out both arms around his neck, clasping her hands
   gently behind his head, leaning back seductively. "How about it,
   big magician," she squeaked slyly. "A little kiss for the little
   girl?"

   "Um, Myrtle, you're kind of like, a GHOST, so there wouldn't be
   much chance that we could, um, like, you know..."

   She leaned forward and placed a wet, juicy smack on his lips, or
   at least it would have been wet and juicy had he been able to
   feel it. Disconcerting. He shook his head to clear it. "Look, so
   what do you need me to do?"

   Myrtle's mood turned pleading, with an undertone of mockery
   behind it as always. "Harry, Hermione needs you to come
   downstairs to the commons so you can help her free the castle
   from the awful spell!"

   "So how come she didn't come up to ask me herself?"

   Myrtle smirked. "She was afraid to enter the boy's dormitory. She
   could get expelled."

   "Ok," Harry stood up, exasperated. "I'll be right there."

   When he arrived, Hermione was seated at a table, frowning over a
   thick book. Ginny Weasley sat next to her, apparently having
   somehow also escaped the sleeping spell.

   "What's that?" asked Harry, rubbing his eyes.

   "A quadruple," muttered Hermione absently, pulling one of her
   long curly locks from behind her ear. "Oh dear."

   "Quadruple what?" asked Myrtle.

   "See well, it says right here," Hermione underlined the sentence
   with her finger, "the only way to break the castle-sleeping spell
   is a quadruple simultaneous orgasm."

   "What does that mean?" asked Harry.

   Hermione looked at him sharply. "Don't get out much, do you?"

   "Well, all these extra books Snape has piled on..."

   She waved her hand in the air. "I know, I know. Well Harry," she
   turned wistful. "I suppose it's time you got to visit the secret
   chamber upstairs of the girl's dormitory."

   Harry had been wondering about that room for some time now,
   though he had been to busy to realize it. But now he found
   himself remembering the strange sounds he had heard from that
   direction late at night, rhythmic moans that crescendoed into
   screams and then sighs, faintly in the distance. Sometimes he
   heard one or two voices, other nights, especially when the moon
   was full, he could have sworn the entire girl's dorm was up there
   giggling and shrieking. Invariably, the morning after, all the
   girls would be a little extra cheerful.

   "Follow us, Harry," said Hermione. "We'll need your magic wand
   for this one."

   "Ok, I'll go get it. I left it upstairs..."

   "Hush," she said. "just follow." And with that, she swiftly
   turned and walked across the room.

   Puzzled, he followed Hermione's long, flowing, velvet gray-blue
   robes, embroidered with silver stars and moons, as they swept up
   the ancient stones of the castle stairs, to the forbidden silent
   shadows of the girl's dormitory.

   The deeply grained oak door creaked open, and they plunged into
   the secret night within. The torches had gone out, so darkness
   was only broken by the pale blue moonlight descending faintly
   from a high window in the stone alcove above.

   Gentle snoring sounded around him, and as Harry's eyes adjusted
   to the darkness, the gray shapes looming around him turned out to
   be girls clad in thin, delicate night-garments, asleep over their
   books, or lounging in chairs or cuddling together in beds.
   Apparently the rules were more lax on this side regarding the
   necessity of clothes, and Harry noticed a one of the girls he had
   seen in the dining hall with her legs spread to display her
   small, sweet lower mouth.

   She was completely naked, aside from a frilly little nightshirt
   that was open to reveal her smooth chest. She lay asleep as if
   she had been sitting on the corner of the bed and, when the spell
   had hit, had fallen back face up, with each leg hanging over a
   different side of the bed corner pointing out either way like the
   hands of a clock at 8:20. The faint glow of moonlight on the
   dark, inviting slit between smooth folds silently watching from
   below her navel seemed to touch Harry in the same location, and
   he swallowed uneasily.

   Hermione led them all, unheeding Harry's disconcertedness, across
   the stone-tiled floor, to a door that opened to a stone spiral
   stairway. The formed a solemn procession, Hermione, Harry, Ginny,
   and Myrtle, slowly ascending the hard stone steps to the chamber
   above.

   At the upper landing, Hermione paused in front of the doorway,
   turning to them. "The Chamber of Secret Delights," she said
   dramatically. As she pushed open yet another heavily grained
   ancient oaken door, they walked through. Harry could feel
   invisible feminine hands gently loosening his clothes, reaching
   into his pants and pulling them down, pulling off his shirt.

   As he looked around, he saw the same happening to Ginny -- her
   clothes were magically being removed and gracefully set in a pile
   to one side.

   "The disrobing spell," announced Hermione, holding her wand like
   a scepter. "I've disabled it for myself for now, until we get
   started. Now Myrtle, what will we do about you?"

   Harry was down to his shorts, which Ginny had given him once for
   Valentine's day. She giggled shyly when she saw that he had them
   on. They had little red hearts and bows and arrows all over them.

   The hands were tugging at the elastic, and Harry kept slapping
   them away.

   Myrtle laughed loudly at Hermione's question. "Just because I CAN
   go through walls doesn't can't be solid when I want to. Watch..."

   She walked over to a rack which held -- Harry wasn't sure what
   they were called. A variety of toys, apparently. Myrtle lifted up
   by the strap a belt mounted with what looked like a giant black
   curvy pickle. As they watched, she carried it across the room,
   turning invisible as she did, so the dual-pickle floated dangling
   from the belt. She reappeared on the other side of the room, and
   curtsied.

   "Hm." Hermione replied. "That should do just fine. Now Ginny,"

   Ginny stood in front of Harry, facing him. Both still had their
   shorts on, both bare-chested. Harry clung to his shorts, though
   the invisible hands had apparently given up momentarily trying to
   remove them.

   Ginny's red hair fell gently on her pale shoulders as she smiled
   at him, lips moist and red in the muted, sensuous light. "Here,
   I'll help with those," she said. She knelt down where Harry was
   standing, and touched his crotch gently with her nose. She lifted
   up her head and gently closed her lips around the shape of the
   shaft of the magic wand inside. The wand shifted, leaving a tiny
   dot of sweet-smelling juice, and the red round tip peeked out
   from the top of the elastic.

   Ginny smiled. "I knew you could do it for me," she said.

   Harry's head was so filled with the hazy rush of ecstasy that he
   was too weak to notice or resist as Ginny carefully slipped his
   final garment off, down his legs, onto the floor.

   Hermione paused for a moment, staring in spite of herself at this
   sight yet un-beheld. She cleared her throat. "Now Ginny, I think
   for the maximal effect, you'll need to change shapes. Don't worry
   -- you'll still feel everything just the same. What do you think.
   Fleur? or Cho?"

   "Cho," Harry said involuntarily, twinging at the memory of their
   Valentine's day disaster."

   A subtle hint of knowing distaste crossed Hermione's face. "Of
   course. Cho it is." She lifted her wand. "Transformus Labias
   Corpus," she incanted.

   A blur passed over the lens of reality, and as Harry blinked,
   Professor McGonagall stood in front of them.

   "Yaaagh!" he blurted.

   "Aaaaaa!" yelled the others in unison.

   "Sorry," muttered Hermione, leafing through her spell book. "Let
   me try again... Transformus Corpus Vulvus!"

   A blur passed over the lens of reality, and as Harry blinked, his
   dream had come true -- Cho stood in front of him, wearing nothing
   but her shorts. "Cho," he said. She grinned.

   "Ah, much better," said Hermione.

   "Myrtle," said Ginny-Cho, "you look as though you had seen a
   ghost!"

   "I AM a ghost," she muttered irritably. "Hmph." As she shook
   herself, shivering with anticipation, her Victorian dress
   transfigured into a black Victorian undergarment, dangling
   stringily on her thin smooth pale innocent body with filmy black
   beautiful frills. She pushed her glasses up her cute little nose,
   and brushed the tip of the black cucumber against the soft gentle
   folds between her legs. "unh," she said softly.

   "Ok, Harry, it's your turn," said Cho. She stood over him,
   pushing down his shoulders. "Take off my panties, if you dare!"

   Harry felt his heart racing. As he knelt and gently grasped Cho's
   thin, tan legs, feeling her soft smooth skin, he thrust his mouth
   into the center of her crotch, smelling the sweet, vexing aroma
   of her tantalizing desire through the soft, thin fabric.

   He closed his teeth gently, pulling the panties down from their
   center, the blissful aroma filling his nostrils. As the flimsy
   garment fell to the floor, he found himself facing the naughty,
   youthfully gnarled folds. Her head tilted back, her eyes closed
   in ecstasy.

   "Yes," she whispered. "Kiss me there. Love me."

   Harry gently reached out with the tip of his tongue. As it made
   contact, he felt the shudder of delight ripple through her entire
   body. "Yes," she repeated over and over.

   He heard the smacking sound of a lotion bottle behind him, and
   felt a finger smooshing a warm oily liquid down the crack between
   his buttocks.

   "Don't mind me, back here," said Myrtle. Oddly, she was still
   wearing her glasses. She had strapped the belt around her waist,
   and had inserted half of the black curvy cucumber into her
   vagina.

   As Harry continued to lovingly caress Cho's sensuous, wet folds
   with his tongue, he felt a finger exploring, probing, spreading
   oily pleasure down from the base of his spine, lower and lower,
   until the finger caught in the hole.

   Glancing up, he saw Hermione's rapt expression, as she casually
   studied the situation. She was still fully clothed the grey-blue
   velvet robe, with a tall pointed hat, both covered in silver
   stars. When he saw her cute face, he suddenly wanted to kiss her
   on the lips, and smear the juice from Cho's hot love-hole onto
   them. But he diligently persisted in pleasuring Cho. Her moans
   increased in volume and intensity.

   Glancing back, he saw Myrtle wickedly pushing the tip of the
   black cucumber-thing down the crack of his butt. The tip of it
   was now vibrating with a sensuous motion. He felt it penetrate
   his anus, and slide in to a spot inside him that instantly
   blinded him with pleasure.

   "Whoa," he protested, feeling his magic wand stiffen
   uncontrollably into a steel rod.

   "Enchanted dildo, automatically seeks and stimulates the
   prostate," explained Hermione in a matter-of-fact tone. Myrtle
   gasped and gave a shriek of delight. "And the G-spot, on the
   other side. Very good."

   "We need a quadruple," remarked Cho. "So what do we do about
   you?" She asked.

   "Well," Hermione replied.

   "Harry could come inside of you," Cho offered.

   Hermione smiled. "That's very kind, but you well know that all
   the greatest witches were lesbians. You wouldn't want me to soil
   my repute. Well, we have a couple of options."

   "Here," said Cho, pulling away from Harry, and getting down on
   the floor in front of him on her hands and knees. Her smooth
   brown back and buttocks curved seductively before him. He placed
   his hands gently on her waist.

   For the first time, Harry noticed the plush, soft pillowy
   carpeting. His steel rod found its way towards between her legs.
   As she opened her hips behind her, her fingers reached back
   between her legs to find the now almost painfully glowing
   hyper-sensitized red tip of him, gently smearing the drops that
   now flowed freely from it.

   Hermione watched, approvingly. Myrtle's moaning continued, the
   persistent thrusting into Harry from behind keeping Harry's wand
   in its magical state.

   Harry gasped as he felt the tip touch Cho's soft, white-hot juicy
   hole, as he felt it close around his aching stiffness, encircling
   his blissful agony in the fire of penetration.

   "Yes!" she cried in delight.

   "Unh!" cried Myrtle as he pulled out of Cho, thus thrusting into
   her.

   "Yes," he replied, to Cho, and the dialogue (trialogue) between
   them continued, "yes, yes, unh, yes, unh,..."

   Meanwhile, Hermione knelt in front of Cho, sitting down, legs
   spread, lifting her robes. Underneath, she had been naked all
   along, her smooth lips gently pressing and parting in the breeze.
   She scooted forward, until she was in reach of Cho's mouth.

   "OK Ginny, you know what I want."

   In the back of his mind, Harry remembered that the girl he was
   inside of who looked like Cho was in fact Ginny, and his wand
   stiffened even further (if possible) at realizing that he was
   simultaneously making love to two of his favourite girls.

   Cho-Ginny spread Hermione's lips with her fingers, and she
   knowingly began to methodically stimulate Hermione's clitoris as
   she thrust an educated finger up her vagina. Harry could see that
   it was a real turn-on for Hermione to have the younger girl
   nibbling on her pink pearl.

   Hermione's demeanor of reserve suddenly broke loose of its
   moorings, and she threw her head back with wild uncontrolled
   yelps of pleasure that gleefully filled the air, creating a
   quartet of ecstatic cries as each of them burrowed deeper and
   deeper into the secret pleasures of their respective naughtiness.

   Harry felt the fires burning both in front of and from behind his
   pelvis, Myrtle solidly inside of him, he fiercely inside of Cho,
   whose juices he still tasted in his mouth, whose tongue connected
   with Hermione between her wide knees facing him.

   Hermione opened her eyes, still moaning. Her cute little face and
   bouncing long curls filled Harry with desire. She leaned forward.
   "Kiss me, Harry," she whispered softly, opening her mouth in
   front of his.

   Her tongue eagerly met his lips, and she shivered with desire, as
   they gently, then fiercely, then gently again explored each
   others loving kisses, as he felt her taste Cho's juices on his
   tongue and lips, as he burned inside of Cho, and Cho-Ginny's
   tongue explored fiercely Hermione's vagina, and Myrtle probed
   lovingly behind him.

   Subtly, the rhythm altered, came from the steep climb to the tiny
   plateau, then jumping off to soar on wings of glory into the
   valley below...

   First Hermione convulsed in front of him, and seeing her orgasm
   tipped the scales for Harry, who felt the cool jets of blissful
   drops of release shooting into Cho. Ginny-Cho, caught between the
   two orgasms of her closest friends, froze uncontrollably as the
   contractions lovingly squeezed Harry's magic wand inside of her.
   "Unh! Unh!" shouted Myrtle, who had been having little orgasms
   all along, thrusting with perfect synchronization, as the dance
   slowed and gradually subsided as they collapsed together into an
   intimately fondling heap.

   "I wonder if that broke the spell," wondered Harry.

   They all listened. Complete silence. Harry wondered how he would
   explain his presence in the girl's dorm, especially since he had
   forgotten his invisibility cloak.

   Hermione groaned. "I knew it. I came a little bit early. It has
   to be exactly simultaneous for the spell to be broken. Come on
   now, we have to try it again..."
     ____________________________________________________________

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
