Title: Forced to Fuck His Mom on Halloween




Summary: Mother and son forced together through a misunderstanding 




Keywords:inc,fic,erotic,milf,hot,sex







It took a whole week of carefully planned arguments and pleading to finally convince his parents to let him have Halloween party at their house. John Carlson was desperately trying to get into the Delta Tau fraternity at his college so that he could finally move out of his parents' house. 

As a freshman it was a longshot but he knew that this was his only chance to move out, because while his parents were paying for his college tuition they decided not to pay for the dorm housing. They only lived 20 minutes away from campus and so his parents didn't see the point in paying the extra money for housing. John had gotten a part-time job during his first semester but it was clear that wouldn't be nearly enough to pay for housing, on- or off-campus. 

John had learned that new pledges to Delta Tau were often required to live in the frat house for their first year, and through a bit of determined detective work John discovered that there were currently 4 vacant rooms and the Delta Tau's would only be accepting 3 new pledges out of the rush class of 12. All of this meant that John had found a loop-hole to finally break free from his parents but that he also had to do whatever it would take to make the short-list. 

John's first mission was to convince his parents that joining a frat and moving into the frat house was a good idea. John initially argued that his parents would be able to enjoy the empty house and not have to hear him coming and going at all hours of the night. Unfortunately for John his father, Mark, was a heavy sleeper and his mother, Vicky, wanted to keep him close to home. He then pivoted to the argument that this would be an important step in him becoming an independent individual and would help him prepare for the real world post-college. He hadn't quite won them over with this approach, but he noticed that they seemed to actually think that this was a reasonably valid point. John continued to press hard on this point and finally won them over by promising to be home every Sunday night for family dinner.

Once he got the green light from his parents he needed to devise a plan to actually set himself apart from the other pledges and ensure his spot in the frat. He volunteered for every activity no matter how demeaning and made sure that he sucked up to the most influential brothers. He had learned by paying close attention that four of the brothers would be the ultimate decision makers. He did everything he could to make himself look good in their eyes.

His big break came when the school, under pressure from the local community, decided to ban any organized parties on Halloween. Halloween fell on a Friday that year and the Delta Tau's were infamous for having the best parties. This ban came as a big blow to the frat and John guessed that if he could figure out a way for the party to go on that he would lock in his place as a top pledge candidate. 

The Carlson family lives in a large home in a relatively rural area. John knew that between his parent's basement and backyard that there would be more than enough room for a party. He also knew that his parents went out to a Halloween party every year. He campaigned relentlessly for his parents to allow him to host a party. He assured them that he would limit everyone to the basement and backyard and that they wouldn't do anything to bother the neighbors. He knew that the neighbors wouldn't be much of a problem given how far apart the houses were in their neighborhood. 

His parents were skeptical of allowing the party but finally agreed to allow John to proceed after he suggested that his parents could make a night out of it and stay at a hotel in town. He also offered to hire a cleaning company to come the next day to make sure that everything was back in order before his parents even got home. Of course, John offered to pay for his parents' hotel room as a sign of good faith. He didn't have the money but had no difficulty in convincing the Delta Tau Treasurer to pick up the added expenses in order to make the party happen.

John spent the afternoon getting ready for the party after his last class on Friday. He had already gotten the ingredients for the Delta's signature punch, which consisted of a liberal amount of Everclear grain alcohol combined with a variety of fruit juices, which he mixed up in a garbage can that the frat had dedicated for this purpose. 

The next step was his costume, which was pretty easy. John was going to dress up as a 70's basketball player, meaning that his costume consisted of a jersey, tight satin basketball shorts, an elastic headband and a pair of sneakers. His party was scheduled to start at midnight and his parents were planning on leaving much earlier because their party started at 9pm.

John's plan was to have everything ready in time for his brothers to come over at 10pm for a little pre-party drinking.

John was sitting in the living room when his parents came down to go to their party. Both of his parents were wearing off-the-shelf costumes they picked up at the last minute. Mark Carlson was dressed as a cowboy in full regalia complete with a set of plastic spurs attached to his heels. Vicky Carlson wore a french maid costume, or much to John's astonishment she wore a slutty french maid costume. 

John's mother looked stunning. At 42 years old she looked at least 10 years younger. Her costume was fairly simple but also very revealing. It was a small black dress, made out of the same cheap nylon material you would expect from Halloween costumes. The thin, black dress clung to every curve of her body. The neckline was trimmed with white lace which converged into a small white satin bow right in the center of her chest. The top had a built in underwire for support so she didn't bother wearing a bra with it. A dainty white lace apron was tied around her waist with a white satin ribbon and rested on the front of the skirt of the dress. The skirt hung loosely around her hips and was also trimmed with white lace. The short skirt barely covered her legs, on which she wore a pair of white thigh high stockings held up by a white lace garter belt. The clasps of the garter belt just poked out from beneath her skirt. The outfit was completed with a black silk ribbon choker and a pair of impossibly tall black high heels, which immediately reminded John of stripper shoes. Vicky's dirty blonde hair cascaded over her shoulders and instead of covering up her cleavage simply drew attention to her two soft mounds straining against the thin material.

"So, how do we look?"

John looked up at his mother as she asked the question. He was used to his parents being fairly conservative in their costumes and was taken aback at how revealing his mother's outfit was. 

"I, uh, you guys look great."

"Don't play coy with me young man, I can tell you don't like it. What's wrong?"

"It's not that, mom, it's just that... Well, don't you think that outfit is a little revealing?"

"What, you think I'm too old for it?" She teased as she turned to show off the costume.

"No, mom. You look great. I guess I'm just not used to seeing you dress like that. Don't worry about it mom, you guys look great."

"Thanks, and don't worry these parties never get too wild. And besides, I have your dad here to protect me in case anyone gets fresh." 

Vicky slipped her arm around her husband and winked at her son, letting him know that she was only playing around with him. 

"Let's go honey, we don't want to be late." John watched as his father led his mother through the house to the garage.

"Goodnight honey, and remember our deal. This place had better be cleaned up before we get home tomorrow. And no cops!"

"Bye mom, don't worry I have everything under control."

John killed time until the party by watching ESPN. A few of the frat brothers trickled in each bringing a six-pack in tow. Eric was the last to arrive and was expected to bring the keg. He showed up empty handed complaining that the guy at the beer distributor rejected his ID. John saw this as a perfect opportunity to prove how valuable he could be and volunteered to pick up the keg knowing that he had a foolproof ID. He left the frat brothers in his basement watching TV and drinking beer while he left to get the keg.

It was almost 11pm when Vicky tip-toed through the back door. She knew that John would be devastated if he caught her at the house but she also knew that his party wasn't supposed to start for another hour. Her husband had forgotten the charger for his phone and she offered to run home and pick it up for him. Vicky carefully crept through the back door and once she realized that the house was empty she went upstairs and stuffed the charger in her purse. On her way back out she heard the TV from the basement and decided to say goodnight to her son one last time. 

As she turned into the basement at the bottom of the stairs she saw a group of college guys watching TV and noticed that her son was not among them. 

They saw her standing there and all four of them turned towards her before she could sneak back out. 

"Oh, hi. I'm sorry to interrupt. I was looking for John."

"Oh, he went out for a little while and should be back any minute."

"I don't know. We agreed that I wouldn't come until later. I don't want him to get upset."

Eric, who failed on the beer mission, was the first to speak up. He quickly put two and two together and realized that John must have hired a stripper for them as a surprise.

"Don't worry about it. We don't mind that you came over early. Why don't you come over here and sit with us while you wait for him. Here let me get you a drink."

Eric wasted no time waiting for a response and poured Vicky a full cup of the special punch. 

Realizing that she was already going to embarrass him she decided to stay until he got back so that she could at least explain why she was there. She was also pretty bored at the other party and so was in no rush to get back. 

"Well, I guess I can join you for one drink." Vicky walked over to the couch as Eric handed her the drink. 

The signature punch was specially formulated to be a deadly combination of incredibly easy to drink while also having a very high alcohol content. Vicky fell right into the trap and eagerly sucked down the first half of her drink without realizing how strong it was. She had already had a few drinks at the other party and so this new drink quickly pushed her from being slightly buzzed to mildly drunk.

The frat brothers had been drinking beer while John went to get the keg so they too were already buzzed and eager to enjoy the entertainment. They picked up on her desire to wait for John and so they refrained from being too overt until he arrived. 

Eric took the lead in the conversation and complimented Mrs. Carlson on her outfit. 

Having finished her 16oz cup of punch, Vicky was feeling a little warm and her guard was lowered. She was enjoying the attention from the young men in front of her, but she didn't think anything of it.

"Really? Are you sure it's not too revealing?" She asked playfully.

"Why don't you let us get a better look at it?" 

Eric took her empty cup and encouraged her to stand up. Without even asking for it, a replacement was placed on the table next to Eric and the empty was taken away.

Vicky was now standing in front of the four college frat brothers. She was a little unsteady as she got up but she managed to not fall back down. 

"Turn around so we can see the rest of it." Eric encouraged her.

Vicky was feeling loose and a little frisky for some reason and decided to give them what they wanted. Her costume was, as her son noticed earlier, more revealing that she would normally wear and though she initially had second thoughts about it she found that she enjoyed the attention she was getting.

Vicky slowly turned around, trying hard not to trip on her own heels. She paused briefly while her back was to them before she proceeded to complete her turn. 

"Well?" She asked with a crooked smile. "What do you think guys?"

The room filled with catcalls and comments about how hot she looked. She and her husband had a healthy sex life for a couple that has been together for over twenty years, but she couldn't recall the last time he told her that she look hot or looked at her the way these guys were. Vicky felt flushed and happily took another drink when it was handed to her. The cold punch helped settle her nerves as she stood before the teens.

"I don't know. I feel naked without a bra on." She said as she absentmindedly looked down at her chest and pulled the dress away from her body slightly.

"You look great, and I don't think you need to worry about a bra." Eric wanted to keep the ball rolling until John got back. 

"I'm jealous; you guys look like you're going to have a great party tonight. I was at another party that really boring. I was the only one dancing!"

"You're welcome to stay all night!"

"No, I don't think John would want to me stay any longer than necessary."

"So, you like to dance?"

One of the brothers walked over to the stereo and flipped it on, filling the room with a generic pop dance song as Eric got up.

"Let's dance then. Here, why don't you finish your drink first?" Eric helped tip back her cup while she brought it to her mouth and held it there until she finished it. Eric took the empty cup and handed it off to be refilled.

Eric began dancing with Vicky but was careful not to be too touchy at first. While dancing, Eric mentioned that he didn't know her name.

"It's Vicky."

Eric placed his hands on her hips as he leaned in to whisper in her ear. 

"Vicky... that's a very sexy name."

Vicky was surprised at how forward this young man was being but she couldn't help but blush. She felt somewhat vulnerable but also felt safe knowing that she was in her own house and these were her son's friends so she didn't immediately object.

Before long, Vicky felt one of the other frat brothers inching his way up behind her and found herself being sandwiched between the two young men.

While his mom was getting used to having two men pressing against her, John came home. Upstairs in the kitchen, John ran into one of the brothers while bringing the keg tap in.

"Hey John!"

"I got the keg, you mind helping me get it in?"

"No problem. You know you're french maid is here?"

"What?" John's mind raced thinking that his parents were spying on him or worse that they might try to pull the plug on his party at the last minute. "She isn't supposed to be here. I told her not to come until..."

John was cut off mid-sentence.

"Don't worry so much John. She said her other party was boring and so she just came over early. We think it's pretty cool that you would surprise us with a stripper like that, John, we just might have to move your name to the top of the nomination list."

That last comment threw John off but what really stood out to him was that he might get bumped to the top of the list.

"Come on, let's go get that keg from your car."

After setting up the keg in the backyard, John finally made his way to the basement. Much to his surprise he found his mother, dressed like a slutty french maid, dancing with the other brothers. 

While dancing with the young guys, Vicky felt an occasional hand or two against her body but decided that it was all in good fun and since she would be leaving soon anyway that she could enjoy the fleeting thrill from the attention they were giving her.

As John walked in, his mother caught his eye and called out to him. "John, I've been waiting for you!"

"What are you doing here?"

"Don't worry, John. We wouldn't start the party without you." Eric chimed in, not picking up how upset John was.

"Can I see you upstairs for a minute?" John snapped at his mom as he walked up to her.

Upstairs he was far less restrained.

"What the hell, mom?" John's voice was practically whining.

John could tell that his mom is drunk because her speech was slurring as she responded.

"I just stopped by to pick up your father's phone charger. I thought your party didn't start until midnight so I figured it would be fine. What's the big deal? Your friends are being really nice to me."

"Mom, they are being nice to you because they think you're a stripper! That's the big deal."

"What??? They think I'm a what???"

"Mom, you can't ruin this for me. They party will start any minute, ok? Once everyone else gets here you can slip out the back and nobody will notice. But..."

"But?"

"But, until then I need you to keep up this act, whatever it is you're doing down there. You don't have to do anything just don't tell them you're not really a stripper ok?"

"I don't know about this."

"Listen, mom, you did this to me, ok? I told you to stay away and now these guys got it in their head that you're a stripper I hired. Just play along for a few more minutes and then sneak out. Just please don't embarrass me."

"You're right. This was my fault." Drunk logic began to grip Vicky as she thought back over the red flags that she didn't pick up on. "Ok, I'll do it for you." 

"Ok, let's go back down. Remember, this will all be over soon and then we can get back to normal." 

John led his mother back down to the basement and was himself led right to an armchair in the back of the room by Eric, who assured him that they saved the first dance for him.

Vicky was also ushered to the back of the room and told to give John the first dance. The music was turned up and switched from pop music to the faster-paced dance music you would expect at a strip club. 

John watched in disbelief as his mother did her best impression of a stripper. She was given another drink and gulped most of it down before returning her attention to her son. She was pretty drunk at this point and not used to wearing such high heels so her moves were rather clumsy but she tried her best.

The brothers crowded around behind her to watch the show. Each of them was eager for their turn with Vicky the Stripper. 

Vicky stumbled while trying to keep up with the fast music and fell forward. She barely caught herself by reaching for the two arms of the chair. Instead of standing back up, she just played it off like it was an intentional move and kept dancing. Vicky's head fell forward and her hair brushed across her son's face, encasing him in her perfume. John tried to look past his mom, but couldn't help taking in the sight in front of him. His mother, though older, still look hot and he had never seen her act like this. When she fell over he also noticed that the top of her dress has shifted and most of her left aureole was now exposed. John could also clearly make out his mother's two nipples straining against the thin satin stretched across her breasts.

Vicky was trying to be as reserved as she could, hoping that other people would soon arrive. She was so caught up in waiting for an opportunity to escape that she didn't realize that in her new position the other guys had an unobstructed view of her ass as her dress pulled up to her waist when she bent over. The back straps of her garter belt framed her firm, porcelain backside perfectly and the thin strip of her white lace thong did little to cover her from their hungry stares.

Vicky could hear the lewd comments from behind her but still didn't realize how exposed she was. Normally such crude language would bother her but she was actually getting aroused knowing that those comments were directed at her. Vicky had always been very prim and proper but secretly harbored a fantasy of being a wild party girl and this was her chance.

John was staring right at his mother's breasts when she looked up and caught him. He froze, embarrassed that he was caught ogling his mother, and her eyes stayed with his. While staring into her son's eyes Vicky felt something behind her and realized that someone was touching her. Before she could figure it out she realized that someone was pulling her panties down. She felt the cool air of the basement against her hot, wet pussy as her panties fell to the floor. She had no choice but to step out of them so she wouldn't trip.

John saw his mother's eyes widen as her panties were removed but didn't know why she seemed so shocked. Vicky now realized that for the first time in over two decades someone other than her husband or doctor was staring at her pussy, even worse her pussy was on display for a bunch of college guys that she didn't even know.

Fortunately for Vicky, she didn't have much time to dwell on her situation. Almost as soon as her panties were on the floor she felt an electric shock coursing through her body as Eric's hand cupped her pussy. 

John saw that his mother's lips were mouthing the words 'Oh my god' and noticed that her eyes had taken on a new intensity.

Eric ran his fingers across Vicky's wet mound before slipping one right between the folds of her pussy. Her body shuddered and she instinctively pushed back against his hand wanting to feel him inside of her. She was disappointed though as his warm hand quickly moved away only to be replaced by the cool air.

"Oh wow, she is dripping wet. I guess she likes you John!"

Eric grabbed John's right hand and pulled it towards him saying "John, you have to feel this."

Before he could protest, John felt the wet heat of his mom's pussy against his fingers. His mother's face was inches away from his and their eyes remained glued to each other as his finger rubbed her wet pussy for the first time. 

"How tight is she John?" One of the brothers shouted out. 

"Yeah, how many fingers can you fit inside of her?" He was being egged on and didn't know what to do. 

One finger slipped inside of his mother. She let out a sharp gasp as it slipped between her soft folds and then suddenly penetrated her. Vicky moaned knowing that her son was now fingering her. 

Soon after, John slipped a second and then a third finger into his mother's wet pussy. He could feel her hips grinding back against his hand and realized that he was finger fucking his own mother right in front of these other guys. He could sense his mother's breathing getting quicker and shorter but couldn't stop. Before long he felt his mother's pussy gripping his fingers as she came. 

"Oh my god!" She screamed while her body exploded from her orgasm.

"Wow. That was fucking awesome!" One voice said. Another chimed in "Yeah, but I think she owes John one now too!" 

They all began chanting "Suck him! Suck him!"

After an eternity of staring into each other's eyes Vicky broke away and lowered herself to her knees. She had never felt so incredibly horny and sexy in her entire life. It was like some other person was controlling her body and she could only look on from the outside.

Vicky hooked her fingers into the waistband of her son's shorts. John lifted his butt up to help her and soon his pants were tossed aside in a pile with his mother's panties. She didn't look up at him as she gently kissed the tip of her son's cock. She kissed and licked his thick, hard shaft from the tip to the base, caressing his balls in her hands before moving back up to the tip. Vicky inhaled deeply and closed her eyes as she opened her mouth and leaned in to accept her son's manhood in her mouth.

The brothers were cheering her on as she sucked off her son but she didn't hear them anymore. Both John and his mother had now crossed the line and were sharing something together that no one else in the room could fully appreciate. 

John looked down and watched his mother's head bobbing up and down on his hard cock. Before long the room erupted again in a second chant.

"Fuck him! Fuck him!"

It took a moment for Vicky to realize what she was hearing. She took her mouth from her son's cock and tilted her head back. Looking up at her son she could see the smile on his face and felt the aching between her legs. 

Eric took her arm and helped her up. Vicky was in a daze. She felt Eric's hand on the small of her back as he nudged her forward. As if in a trance, Vicky slowly moved forward. She placed her hands on the arms of the chair and climbed up onto her son's lap. She straddled his lap with one leg on each side of him.

She barely knew what was happening to her but she knew that she couldn't fuck her son. She just hoped that her skirt would provide enough cover for her to fake it.

Vicky looked up at the ceiling as she moved her body and slowly lowered herself onto her son's lap. The tip of John's cock slid along the slippery opening to his mother's pussy as she came down. Vicky moaned while she paused briefly before she slowly began to grind her hips against her son. She was focused on not actually fucking her son but allowed herself to get lost in the sensation of his hard, throbbing cock pressed against her soft, moist womanhood. She began slowly but soon worked up enough of a rhythm that her pussy was sliding up and down the entire length of her son's cock.

All it took was one small miscalculation between them. Vicky gasped as she felt something pushing against her on the down stroke. It happened so quickly that momentum took over as Vicky realized that she had just impaled herself on the tip of her son's cock. She froze in his lap and moved her arms from the chair to his shoulders to prop herself up. Vicky looked down into her son's eyes. They both knew without speaking that they each wanted to continue. Vicky was looking for some excuse to continue and John gave it to her in a fleeting smile and a conspiratorial nod. 

After getting the green-light from her son, Vicky took a deep breath before moving again. She slowly let her body settle down onto her son's lap and savored the feeling of him sliding deep inside of her. Vicky quickly noticed that her son had a much bigger cock than his father as she felt the tip of his cock reaching well beyond where her husband could reach while still pushing deeper yet inside of her. She had never felt something so big inside of her and gently rocked her hips into him so that she could feel every inch inside of her.

With her hands on his shoulders Vicky arched her back and slowly began to ride her son's cock. John looked up and took in the sight of ecstasy on his mother's face while he fucked her. Unable to resist himself, John reached up and pulled the straps of his mother's costume off of her shoulders and freed her breasts. John's hands move swiftly to each breast and kneaded her soft flesh while his mother's hips slammed down into his lap. 

Vicky felt incredibly wanton and sexy while fucking her son. She was so focused on what she was doing that she nearly forgot about the audience until she could hear them cheering her and her son on. She lifted herself up until just the tip of his cock was barely touching her and then she lowered herself until every inch of his manhood was buried deep inside of her aching pussy. 

Vicky could hear her son moaning louder as she sensed that he was getting ready to cum. She had planned on pulling herself off of him before he could cum inside of her, but decided against it as she realized that she was also about to cum as well and wanted to feel him inside of her as she did. Being greedy she bucked her hips into his one last time and held herself against her son, grinding into him, as he erupted inside of her. The heat from her son's cum gushing from his cock triggered the first wave of an intense orgasm that washed over her body.

The feeling of his mother's pussy tightening around his cock was too much for John as he continued to fill her with his seed. As if her pussy was trying to milk her son's cock dry, Vicky's body rhythmically massaged his stiff shaft as he pumped the last of his load deep into her dripping pussy. 

Slowly their mutual orgasms subside. John relaxed in the chair with his mother still gently pushing her hips against his.

John could still feel the mini tremors of his mother's body with his cock still buried inside of her. Slowly, Vicky realized how late it was and abruptly climbed up from her son's lap, his juices dripping from her pussy. She realized that it was already almost midnight and that she needed to leave before her husband began to worry that something bad happened to her. 

Vicky grabbed her panties, knowing that she needed to do something to keep her son's cum from dripping from her pussy, and quickly pulled them up her legs. She then made a quick escape telling the boys that she had another party to get to and then ran quickly out of the house like a frightened animal. 

John remained in his chair as his mother fled the scene of the crime. It took him a long minute to catch his breath and eventually pull up his shorts. By that time other people were starting to show up for the party. John tried to shake off what had just happened, but found himself the center of attention all night as the brothers bragged to everyone how John fucked the shit out the slutty stripper earlier. 

At first John was upset that people were calling his mom names like that but eventually he took it in stride and, still in shock, he basked in the moment of being a hero to a room full to eighteen year old boys.

Vicky's heart raced as she drove back to her party. Her adrenaline had offset her drunkenness and seemed to sharpen her senses. She tried to calm herself down before walking back in to the party but felt her son's juices every time her thighs rubbed against each other. She was grateful to see that her husband had continued drinking and barely noticed how long she had been away. Vicky tried to shake the shame and guilt of what she had just done, but for the rest of the night she was reminded of how good it felt to fuck her son as his thick and sticky cum oozed from her pussy.

Both John and Vicky did their best to make it through the night without constantly thinking about the other. Both failed miserably.

When John's parents arrived home Mark made a beeline for his bed after parking the car. His head was still pounding and he needed to sleep it off.

John had spent the night nursing his hangover and woke up early to allow the cleaning company into the house. He managed to fall back asleep as soon as they wrapped up but woke again as the morning sun filled his room. 

Vicky was still wearing her costume from the night before when she knocked on her son's bedroom door. She didn't learn until later in the night before that her husband had neglected to pack the clothes that she had left out in their room. She heard a muffled voice telling her to come in and slowly pushed the door open.

John was still in bed; half covered by his sheet, and looked like he had survived a rough night. 

John was squinting up at his mother through bleary eyes as she entered. 

"About last night..." Vicky began the speech that she rehearsed all night but was abruptly cut off.

"I'm so sorry mom. I can't believe that actually happened."

"I know John. It's just that..." 

"Don't worry, nobody will know. Those guys have no idea who you really are and I'm not going to tell anyone."

"Thank god. We can't let anyone find out."

Feeling a slight sense of relief Vicky noticed that the sheet covering her son had tented up. John realized what his mother was looking at and immediately apologized while trying to cover his growing erection.

"I'm sorry mom, it's just that..." His voice drifted off as he struggled to find the right words. 

"I understand, last night was confusing for me too."

"Do you mean that you liked it mom?"

Vicky's nervousness betrayed her and she slowly nodded her head admitting for the first time that she did like fucking her son. John was stunned at his mother's admission that she enjoyed riding his cock last night. He pushed himself up and got out of bed, wearing nothing but boxer shorts which left his erection on clear display. 

John boldly walked over to his mother took her head in his hands and kissed her for the first time. 

Vicky pulled back. "We can't do this." 

"We already did." 

He paused briefly before continuing, "Are you sure you want to stop?" 

Vicky shook her head. John pulled her towards him. Vicky's body fell into her son's arms as they kissed again but this time she was more willing and allowed his tongue to enter her mouth. Vicky felt like a teenage girl making out with her boyfriend.

John picked his mother up, cupping her ass checks under her short dress with his hands, and lowered her gently down onto his bed. He paused to take in the sight of his mother, still dressed like a slutty maid, before climbing between her legs. 

John's hands disappeared under her skirt as they slid up her thighs and pulled her panties down. John could see that her panties were still covered in his cum from the night before. Tossing her panties to the side he then began to kiss his way up her leg pushing her skirt up with his face until her pussy was revealed to him. 

John teased his mother by gently kissing and nibbling the soft folds of her pussy with his lips before finally licking her. He reveled in the heady taste of their combined juices has he brought her closer to orgasm with his tongue.

Vicky moaned as her son lapped at her now soaking wet pussy. She didn't have time to even fully consider what was happening when she felt an orgasm welling up deep inside of her. Her breathing quickened and she bucked her pelvis up, grinding it into her son's eager mouth. His tongue entered her just as she was pushed over the edge. 

Vicky's thighs clamped around her son's head. Her body shook. She could barely breathe as she was rocked by wave after wave of a powerful orgasm. Her legs finally relaxed as her head fell back onto her son's pillow. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the afterglow while John continued to gently massage her pussy with his lips.

Vicky didn't have long to enjoy her orgasm before she felt her son's body shifting between her legs. He pushed himself up and climbed further up the bed until he was hovering right above her. Vicky looked up and realized that her son was waiting for her. She reached out and pushed his boxer shorts down his legs, freeing his rock hard cock. 

After kicking his underwear to the side John slowly lowered himself until the tip of his cock was pressing against his mother's pussy. He looked down at his mother who was looking back at him. Vicky was bit her lower lip in anticipation while she waited for her son to fuck her again. John began to tease her first and with just a little pressure he slid the tip of his cock up and down along the length of his mother's pussy. He decided that he wanted to make her beg him to fuck her and his plan worked perfectly.

Vicky couldn't take it anymore and broke the silence in the room. 

"Oh god!" She screamed. "Fuck me!!"

John didn't need any more encouragement and found that he barely needed to push at all to enter his mother's well lubricated and anxious pussy. 

Vicky moaned again as she felt the full length of her son's shaft ramming into her. She remembered that he was big but found herself shocked as he entered her again. Inch by inch his cock filled her until she thought that she couldn't take any more but she knew that she could take all of him as his hips pressed against hers and he nudged the last of his cock deep inside of his mother's aching pussy.

John's eyes never left his mother's while he fucked her for the second time. There was no pretense of being forced into it this time and they both knew that they really wanted each other. Vicky loved the way that her son's eyes looked into hers with a sense of pure lust. She felt him wanting her body with every thrust of his hips. Vicky kept her eyes locked on his as she pushed her hips back against him matching each thrust. She felt his cock pushing deeper inside of her as their bodies slammed into each other. 

John was even more turned on than he was the night before because he knew that his mother wanted him to fuck her this time. He responded by fucking her with a complete lack of restraint. John felt like an animal as he pounded his cock into her. He felt himself getting ready to cum and increased the speed of his hips making his bed bang into the wall with each thrust.

Vicky sensed that her son was nearing a climax when he picked up the pace. She braced herself as the first blast of his hot cum worked its way deep inside of her. She felt her son filling her with his seed and came herself just as the flow of his cum was tapering off. 

John leaned in and kissed his mother while she came. His cock slowly rocked back and forth as their tongues intertwined and she moaned into his mouth. Taking her son in her arms she pulled his naked body against her while her body tingled from her climax. John slowed down and then eventually let his body collapse onto hers. Before long they both fell asleep in his bed.

Vicky woke with a bolt, startling John as she tried to pull herself out from under him. John looked at her and asked what was wrong. Not knowing what she was thinking his hand had already moved back to her pussy while they spoke. Vicky let out a sharp moan as his finger made contact with the soft flesh surrounding her clit but quickly snapped out of it saying that she needed to go before his father came looking for her and found her in his bed.

John resigned himself to reality and took his hand away but not before leaning in to kiss her again.

"I have to go..." She managed to say unconvincingly before finally slipping from his bed.

Feeling more excited than guilty, Vicky crept down the hallway to her bedroom with her son's cum dripping down her leg for the second time in as many days. Finding her husband still asleep, Vicky decided to take a much needed shower and clean up the evidence of her illicit encounters with her son. 

Mark woke up while Vicky was still in the shower and decided to go to the gym to help him recover from the previous night. 

Vicky took her time in the shower reliving the past 12 hours in her mind as she slowly washed herself. She wasn't sure whether she was more afraid to see her son or her husband as she tried to sort through everything in her head. 

Wearing just a black lace bra and matching panties while applying lotion to her body, Vicky looked up to see her son entering her bedroom.

"What are you doing! What if your father was here?"

"Don't worry mom, I saw him leave a little while ago. I just came to bring you this." John held up his mother's panties and handed it to her. She stepped forward and took them. John tried to take her hand in his but his mother backed off, feeling confused and somewhat ashamed.

"John, we can't do that anymore." Vicky tried to be firm with her delivery, as much to convince herself as to convince him.

"Why not? I thought you liked it."

"I did John, but that's not the point. It's not right."

"Listen, mom, I love you. I think you are amazing and you are the most beautiful woman I know."

Vicky tried to stop him but he kept going. 

"I never thought of you like this before and would never have imagined having these feelings for you but after last night I feel incredibly fortunate to have been able to make love to you. Twice even. I understand that you don't want to do that anymore, but you should know that I will always be here for you."

They stood silently as his words hung heavy in the air. Vicky could feel tears welling up as she looked at her son.

John saw that his mother was about to cry and took a hesitant step towards her. He took her head in his hands and looked into her eyes worried that he had upset her. He saw something else however as she looked back at him and then he leaned in to kiss her. 

Vicky kissed her son back as tears trickled down her cheeks. She wiped away her tears and then began to unhook her bra. John could hear the bra falling to the floor followed by the soft sound of her panties as she stepped out of them. 

John stepped back to take in the sight of his mother's naked body for the first time. She was trembling as his eyes explored every curve of her body.

Vicky moved closer and stripped her son naked. She led him to her bed and pushed him down. Vicky climbed between his legs and slowly, gently began to kiss his cock. Her lips were tender and soft against his hard shaft. 

"Oh mom..." John moaned as his mother teased him. 

Vicky methodically worked on covering every inch of her son's cock with her lips and tongue. Unlike the night before when she was being pressured to perform in front of a room full of frat brothers she was enjoying the tenderness of the moment and wanted to savor the feeling of his bare flesh against hers. 

Vicky finally shifted her position and took the tip of her son's cock into her mouth. She slowly sucked him while running her tongue along his shaft. After several minutes of teasing him she worried that he might cum before she could fuck him again so she pulled back and moved up so that his cock was pressed against her dripping pussy.

Vicky decided to pay her son back for teasing her earlier by carefully rocking her hips back and forth against the tip of his cock but not letting him inside of her. John had other plans though and before his mother could begin teasing him he thrust his hips up sending his cock deep inside of her in one single motion. Vicky gasped as her son's cock penetrated her. She quickly gave up all pretense of being in control and accepted her to her new role as her son's fuck toy. Vicky felt a sense of relief in giving herself to her son.

John bucked his hips up as his mother rode his cock for the second time that morning. He couldn't believe that he was actually fucking his mother on her own bed. As they settled into a rhythm John's eyes and hands explored every inch of his mother's body. He cupped her breasts, taking each one into his mouth, and then slid his hands down to grab her ass while she continued to slide up and down his cock. His hands caressed her hips and thighs before sliding around to explore her back and tracing a line up her spine. His fingers pushed through her hair while they fucked. John's hands had moved back down to his mother's ass when she leaned over to look out the window behind the bed. 

"Shit, it's your father."

John remained focused on fucking his mother as she tried to squirm away from him. His strong grip was unrelenting and he held her hips in place. 

"Oh shit, mom, don't stop now!"

Vicky looked down at her son and realized that he was about to cum. She knew that it would make too much of a mess if she tried to pull away at that moment and he came all over the bed so she did her best to speed things up and instead began to ride him faster while watching her husband's car pulling into the driveway. They both heard the familiar creaking and groaning of the garage door opening as her hips crashed into his. John and Vicky were frantically fucking each other hoping that he would cum soon before they got caught. 

"Oh yes!" John finally cried as his cock erupted. 

Vicky pressed herself against him one last time as he came inside of her again. 

"Yes, I want to feel you filling me up again." She cooed as John continued to pump her full of his hot, sticky cum while his father was just right downstairs. Vicky slowly rocked her hips against her son's pelvis until she felt him softening. She quickly rolled off of her son and stood up. 

John shot up on the bed and pulled his mother closer. He kissed her glistening stomach before she could wriggle free. Without saying a word he grabbed his clothes and ran back to his room panting. 

Vicky, still dazed from her new illicit affair, nervously tried her best to cover up the fact that she just fucked her son and had just barely finished smoothing out the sheets before the door opened. 

Mark walked in and headed towards the shower. Vicky could feel her sons cum beginning to ooze out from between her legs and knew that she needed to do something. She ran her right hand across her dripping pussy and scooped up as much of her son's cum as she could. She rubbed her hands together and then ran both hands along her neck, as if innocently applying lotion. 

Mark had just pulled off his shoes when he noticed his naked wife on the other side of the room. He moved behind her, Vicky's heart pounding in her chest, and put his arms around her. Mark pulled his wife back into him kissing her neck. Mark pulled his head back and told her that she smelled delicious. 

Vicky fidgeted nervously afraid that her husband might figure out what she had done. He kissed her again and then licked her neck.

"Mmmmm... you smell so good honey."

"I uh, it's a new lotion." She said while rolling her head back against her husband's shoulder.

He licked her again, telling her that he liked how the new lotion smelled and tasted on her body. Vicky was stunned that her husband just licked their sons cum from her neck, and liked it! She felt his hand moving down her abdomen and graze her bare pussy. He turned her around and pushed her down to the bed. 

Vicky couldn't believe what was happening. Having just fucked her son she was now being seduced by her husband. Mark ran his finger along her dripping pussy and brought it to his mouth. 

"I can tell how horny you are." Mark says before lick his own son's cum from his finger thinking it was her juices. 

Vicky watched in shock as Mark took his gym clothes off. She was lying before her husband with her legs spread wide apart and her freshly fucked pussy still coated with her son's seed. She closed her eyes and let herself go in the moment as her husband climbed into bed. 

Vicky felt his cock against her skin and just as she thought he was going to fuck her he moved down kissing her stomach until his face stopped between her legs. Vicky shuddered as she felt his tongue flick across her engorged clit. 

Mark kissed her swollen pussy before working his tongue between her lips. She knew that it wouldn't take much more for her to cum again. Her husband massaged her with his tongue just enough to push her over the edge. Vicky felt her body trembling as he pushed his tongue deep inside of her. 

Vicky realized that her husband was eagerly eating their son's cream from her pussy while she climaxed. With each contraction of her pussy more of their son's cum was pushed into his mouth. Mark slowed down as her orgasm receded and looked up at her telling her how good she tasted. He climbed back up and just as she felt the tip of his cock against her she pushed back against him and flipped him over pushing him onto his back. 

Feeling an irrational pang of guilt about the possibility of fucking her husband, Vicky moved herself between his legs and began to stroke him instead. She teased him with her mouth on the tip of his cock while steadily jerking him off. Vicky knew that he would be ready to cum soon so she pulled her mouth away without slowing her hands down when she felt his body tensing up and continued stroking him as he shot a thick load of cum across his chest. 

Vicky collapsed next to her husband. Mark whispers to her that that was incredible while reaching a hand up to fondle her breast. They stayed entwined in bed for a few minutes until Mark finally got up to take his shower. 

With her husband in the bathroom Vicky quickly dressed herself knowing that she wouldn't be able to face him when he returned. She needed to clear her head and decided to go shopping at the mall. 

At the mall Vicky reflected on the past 24 hours and how she has never had so much sex in her life. She felt guilty about cheating on her husband but then she also admitted to herself that her son made her feel things she hasn't ever felt before. Vicky questioned herself about why she didn't let her husband fuck her or even cum in her mouth while at the same time she tried to convince herself that it wasn't because she wanted to save that for her son. 

Just as Vicky was thinking about how amazing it felt to have her husband licking their son's cum from her pussy she noticed that she had stopped right in front of a lingerie store. Acting on nothing more than the lingering sensations from between her legs she decided to go in. 

As she entered the store Vicky's dreamlike reverie was broken by a friendly salesgirl.

"How can I help you today?" Her chipper voice pierced through the cloud of doubt and desire that followed Vicky into the store.

"Oh, ahhh... well, I am looking for something." Vicky felt a little embarrassed as she fumbled over her words but quickly realized that there was no reason for her to be worried and regained her composure somewhat as she continued.

"Well, you're in the right place. Is there a special someone who you have in mind?"

"Yes there is. He's uh..."

"No need to be embarrassed, why don't you tell me about what he likes."

"Well, you see I don't actually know what he likes. He's a bit... younger." Vicky realized that she was toying with her wedding ring while she spoke and quickly tried to hide her left hand behind her back.

"I see. He must be a very special man for you to be shopping just for him. In my experience younger men will be more focused on you than what you are wearing so we should try to find something simple that flatters your body. I think I know just the thing."

Feeling both guilty and embarrassed that the salesgirl must certainly know that she was a married woman but that she was looking to buy lingerie for another man she blurted out that she would like to see what she has in mind before she had a chance to make an excuse to leave.

"Follow me."

Vicky followed the young woman to the back of the store. The salesgirl picked up an outfit as she led her into the changing room. 

"Now why don't you try this on while I wait outside? Let me know when you're ready."

Vicky's mind was blank as she undressed and slipped into the lingerie. It was a light pink negligee with subtle lace embroidery across part of the front. Before she even finished saying that she was dressed the curtain was pulled back and the salesgirl stood before her. 

"Oh, just as I thought. This is too big for you. Stay right here while I get another size."

Moments later she reappeared in the small room and turned Vicky away from her while she slipped the straps from her shoulders. Without missing a beat she had Vicky's arms up over her head and was slipping the new outfit over her head. 

"Now let's see how this looks." She turned Vicky around and her hands smoothed out the soft fabric as she examined the fit. Vicky was still feeling very horny from her previous encounter and being in such close proximity to another woman, who apparently had few boundaries, while dressed in lingerie made her wish that she was home alone to sort out her feelings. 

"Here put this on too." The salesgirl held up the matching panties.

"Are you sure? I thought you weren't supposed to try on panties."

"Don't worry, I won't tell if you don't." She ended her sentence with a sly wink before continuing, "Besides, You need to make sure that you like how it looks before you show it to your special friend."

Vicky felt as though she had lost control of herself and slipped her hands under the silk lingerie and pushed her panties down her thighs letting them drop to the floor. The salesgirl knelt in front of her and held out the panties.

"Let me help you." She looked up at Vicky and smiled while waiting for her to proceed.

Vicky slowly slipped one foot after the other into the panties and braced herself as the other woman slid them up her legs. She removed her hands and took her time straightening the outfit out around her waist. 

"I think you look gorgeous in this and know that any young man would be thrilled to see you dressed up in this sexy outfit. 

"I'll take it." Vicky's voice was barely more than a whisper.

She took a moment to look at herself in the mirror while the salesgirl waited up front to ring her up. She lifted the hem and pushed the panties back down into a crumpled pile with her other clothes. 

Without thinking about what she was doing she caressed her aching pussy and knew that she needed relief. She leaned against the wall of the mall dressing room with her negligee hiked up around her waist as her fingers eagerly nestled themselves between her soft folds. Her breathing quickened as she soon approached another orgasm. 

Vicky quickly changed back into her clothes and then made a bee-line for the register. The salesgirl could tell that she now looked quite flushed and could even smell a hint of her sex in the air. While handing her the bag she smiled and told her to have a good time.

Vicky practically ran out of the mall clutching the bag in her hands but couldn't deny how anxiously she was awaiting her next encounter.

John was watching TV in the living room when his mother came home. She tried to sneak past him without being noticed, but he caught her out of the corner of his eye and saw that she had a shopping bag from the lingerie store tucked under her arm. He tried to watch TV but was too distracted wondering what she was up to.

Later that night, after a quiet dinner, Vicky waited for husband to go to sleep. She changed into her new outfit and then put on a bathroom before nervously going down to her son's room. Her heart pounded in her chest as she approached his door. Although she had already had sex with her son three times this would be the first time that she pursued him with the intention of seducing him. 

Her son was sitting at his desk when she stepped into his room. John turned to find his mother wearing a bathrobe in the middle of his room. She walked across his room, placed a small bag on the floor and then faced him as she pulled open her robe to reveal herself to her son.

John watched as his mother's robe fell to the floor, leaving her dressed in her new nightie that was just barely long enough to cover her panties. He opened his mouth to say something but she put a finger to his lips before he could get anything out. 

"Your father gets up at 7. Set your alarm for 5:30." Her voice was little more than a whisper.

John could barely take his eyes off of the sight before him but managed to reach over for his alarm clock. It wasn't until he was actually setting the alarm that it dawned on him that she was planning on spending the night. 

Vicky waited until he put the clock back down and then took his hands in hers. She drew them closer and placed them on her hips, just below the hemline of her nightie. 

"I hope you like it..." Her voice trailed off as his hands crept up and under her panties. He tugged the thin waistband down and then pulled her closer. John kissed his mother's belly through the thin satin and then slowly pushed the material up until his lips were on her bare skin. 

The silence of his room was only broken by the heavy breathing of his mother as his lips made their way down to her pussy. A deep sigh filled the room as John's tongue made contact with the small nub of her clit. He felt her body tense up and pulled her against his eager mouth. 

Vicky held on to her son's head to steady herself as he brought her to another orgasm. She needed a minute to regroup when he was finished but he had other plans for her. John led her to his bed and indicated for her to lie down. He climbed on top of her and spread her legs apart giving him a perfect view of her pussy as it glistened in the pale moonlight. 

John wanted to be in control this time and he positioned himself directly above her body. He leaned in and kissed her. He could sense her vulnerability and wanted nothing more than to make love to his mother. John slowly inched himself forward until his cock brushed against her smooth, bare skin. His mother took a deep breathe in anticipation just as he entered her.

John and Vicky both woke to his alarm going off. She tried to roll out of his bed but he pulled her back into his arms, mounting one last time before letting her go back to her bed with her pussy again filled with his cum. John watched as she changed into another outfit before leaving. 

Vicky woke up again at 7am by her husband's alarm. She could feel her husband stirring as she tried to remain still. He reaches over and massaged her breast. Unable to retrain herself she turned to her husband and told him that she liked what he did the night before. Vicky spread her legs for him and guided him down. She moaned as his lips pressed against her soft flesh. Vicky came again knowing that she liked having her husband licking her pussy clean after having her son fill her with his seed.

After her husband finished she rolled over and reflected on her new situation as she drifted off to sleep. She wondered if her son would want to still see her again after he moved out. She wondered if she could actually be with him on campus as his girlfriend since nobody would know who she was. Her last thought before falling asleep was about what his new frat brothers would think if he started dating a stripper.



For Pics visit:---->>> https://cutt.ly/hwsMVhC 