Lister took Rimmer’s words to heart and threw himself into village life with a new sense of purpose. This community had been here for four thousand years and if they were going to be a part of it, Lister decided, they ought to find out a little more about it. He quizzed Ethan and found out that there was a wealth of written records going right back to the founding of the village kept in one of the huts that nobody used. Ethan had been meaning to sort through them and write down a comprehensive history of Santa Ria for...oh...the last twenty years or so; but he’d never gotten around to it. If Lister wanted to do it then he was most welcome to give it a try and Ethan would help as much as he could.

Rimmer, understandably, had his doubts that Lister would stick it out. In fact, he suspected that as soon as it became apparent just how much reading he would actually have to do, that Lister would back off fairly swiftly and do his usual trick of waiting for the film to come out. He was consequently fairly shocked when Lister had come home one night with a stack of crumpled yellow papers and had started making notes.

He had also started to spend more time with his mates from the farm outside of work. The two of them had talked about this, and had agreed that it was healthy for them to have their own friends so that they didn’t quite invade every part of each others lives. Rimmer had his hunting pals and Lister had his farm buddies; and although everyone in Santa Ria effectively knew everyone else, and any large gathering was likely to include just about everyone, the slight separation of their social spheres gave them the little bit of space that every relationship needs so that the couple involved don’t get sick to death of each other. Although it has to be said that, as with all relationships, there was some sniffiness on both sides about some of the company each other were keeping.

Lister felt that a few of Rimmer’s friends enjoyed their work a little too much; and were rather more keen than was appropriate to shoot, spear and generally slaughter anything that moved. Especially the ones who had mounted deer heads and the like in their homes, which always made Lister feel uncomfortable. It didn’t seem to bother Rimmer, who looked upon the habit as being something like the spoils of war, although he stopped short of bringing any of his kills home with him to put above the bed. But then, he felt that some of Lister’s friends were sometimes a bit too eager to get rat-arsed pissed and destroy large amounts of their brain cells. They bickered about it in an easy-going fashion, and managed to forget their differences easily enough whenever there was a party.

It was true though, that Lister’s friends did like a drink. It seemed to be a natural talent he had for gravitating towards people who could down a pint in 0.23 of a second; like Peterson, Selby and Chen. Although to be fair, none of his friends here were drunk with quite as much regularity as his old buddies had been. The men here seemed to have a much greater resistance to alcohol, often swigging down a pint of cider at lunchtime with seemingly no effect whatsoever. But when they decided to get drunk...then boy-oh-boy did they do it properly.

On this occasion, a group of them had retired to Jason’s place after work. They sat together around the unlit fire place, chatting and laughing. There was still some light in the sky, but they would need to get the fire going soon. It was something that Lister was still not entirely used to. Growing up on Earth, when it started to get dark, you just turned a couple of lights on; and in space, where there was no real night or day, you just turned lights on and off according to whether or not you were sleepy. There were no electric lights in Santa Ria. There was just sunlight or firelight; and when you were used to living your life via lightbulbs, you forgot how dark the night was. Once the sun started to set, you needed to get the fire going. 

Jason poured out a generous helping of coconut rum into each of the earthenware mugs being held up and then took his place in the circle next to Lister. Although they’d known each other well for a few months now, Lister still felt a little shy around Jason and he wasn’t sure why. He was nice enough, always friendly, but something about him always made Lister feel slightly awkward. He found he could never meet his eyes for a very long time, although he had no trouble looking at him when his gaze was directed elsewhere. Maybe it was because Jason was so handsome. Very good-looking people often have a way – quite unintentionally - of making the others around them feel self-conscious, simply because it makes them more aware of their own physical flaws. And when you were sat next to someone with a face and body like Jason’s, it was enough to make you want to run home and put a paper bag over your head.

The other guys teased him constantly, of course, about being a vain pretty boy; but he took it all with a smile and a rather accurate summation of ‘You’re all just jealous’, and went and did some more press-ups. They teased him – and Lister as well – about being gay too, but never in a malicious way. It was almost like being the one in a group who collects stamps, or likes to eat sausage and marmalade sandwiches; it was simply a little foible to be poked at good-naturedly.

When Jason squeezed in beside Lister, Richard looked at the two of them and grinned. “Everyone move up for the queers,” he announced, grinning. Jason elbowed him, “You shouldn’t pick on Dave. He comes from a time less enlightened than ours; he still gets embarrassed by these things.”

“Anyway, I’m not queer,” Lister replied, putting his nose in the air, “I’m bisexual. I just happen, at this point, to be in a relationship with another man. Jason is queer.” 

“Well, so long as you’re screwing Rimmer you’re an honorary queer,” Jason retaliated, “Because I refuse to sit around here being queer on my own.”

“Christ, I’m sorry I spoke,” Richard shook his head, “Just have a drink and lighten up, will you, guys?”

Lister sipped at his rum. It made his eyes water. It was like drinking Bounty-flavoured paint-stripper. “Anyway, I thought you were only bisexual if you were having a relationship with a man and woman at the same time,” Adam ventured.

“What? Don’t be stupid!” Jason scoffed.

“Well, it makes sense to me,” Adam said, “When you’re dating a guy, you’re being gay; when you’re dating a woman, you’re being straight; and if you’re doing both at the same time then...”

“Yes, yes, I see where you’re going with this theory, Adam, and it’s wrong.”

“Why?”

“Because you can be dating a man and still be having sexual thoughts about a woman! At least,” Jason corrected himself, “Dave can. I can’t.”

“What with you being pure queer and everything.”

“Right.”

Lister suddenly realised they were all looking at him. “What?” he said, looking back. 

“Is that right?” Adam asked.

“Well...I suppose so. Broadly speaking.”

“Isn’t that confusing?”

“Yes,” Lister replied bluntly, “But I seem to muddle along.”

“So, do you go for the same characteristics in both men and women, or do you have different criteria for each?” Adam asked.

“Smeg, I don’t know!” Lister said, wriggling uncomfortably, “I’ve never sat down and thought about it. Anyway...before Rimmer, there weren’t any other men.”

“Ohhh...So you’re new to the fold, eh? What made you break a habit of a lifetime and start a relationship with another man?” Jason asked him.

Lister had asked himself this question a thousand times over the past few months and had only ever been able to come up with one answer. “Because I loved him,” he shrugged.

“Awwww...” the guys said in unison. Then...

“Why was it really?” Adam asked.

“Really. That’s it,” Lister said simply,

“So you didn’t see him naked in the shower and suddenly realise he had a massive dick, then?”

“No,” Lister glared at him, frustrated, “We’d been friends for years and just one day I realised that...my feelings went deeper than that. And so did his. The sex stuff just kind of...happened after that.”

“So,” Jason prodded, “Generally you prefer women then?”

Lister opened his mouth to say yes, but paused. He wasn’t entirely sure that was true anymore. One of the culture shocks he’d had to adjust to when they’d arrived in Santa Ria had been the simple experience of being surrounded by people again, after spending years in the company of just a few others. He hadn’t really been able to help his eyes wandering a bit. Although now he really thought about it, since he’d realised how he felt about Rimmer, they’d been mainly wandering towards other men. He still noticed women. If a short skirt or a revealing top caught his eye he would still look, and enjoy looking.

But it wasn’t the same dark rush he felt when he saw a pair of jeans pull snugly against another guy’s crotch, or the curve of Rimmer’s ass as he lay naked beside him in bed...or an intriguing glimpse of the rippled muscles on Jason’s perfect stomach.

Despite his relationship with Rimmer, despite his feelings for Rimmer, he’d never really considered himself to be gay. Their attraction had been borne out of emotion; as far as Lister was concerned it had never been anything to do with the fact that either –or both of them – were male. But now that his eyes had been opened to the possibility, he was starting to gain a much greater appreciation of a man’s body and what it could do. He was starting to look at other men in a different way; and he couldn’t decide whether the thoughts he was having were unfaithful to Rimmer or not.

He’d never actually considered doing anything with anyone else, male or female, but now the curiosity had been awoken, it was seemingly ever active. But just thoughts were harmless enough, surely? And wasn’t it proof of how much he loved Rimmer anyway that he’d turned him off women almost altogether so that he was more interested in men now?

“Dave?” He looked up. Jason was still waiting for an answer.

“I think,” he said slowly, “That I prefer people to sexes. That’s probably the simplest way to look at it. But I suppose, for obvious reasons really, that right now I find men more...interesting.” Jason smiled and Lister smiled back.

“Okay,” Richard interrupted firmly, “Enough of humouring the queers and pretending we’re interested in their sad little psyches. Drink!”