Haldiman Hall 
by Emi Tsuruta

Near the end of my senior year, my boyfriend Ryosuke and I agreed to take a 'break' in our relationship.  A girl named Kiyomi whom Ryosuke used to be close to had broken up with her own boyfriend, and asked if she could stay with Ryosuke for a while.  I didn't want her to stay with him, but he wouldn't listen, so that's how we ended up taking this 'break.' 

Not long after that, I heard through the grapevine that Kiyomi had gone back to San Francisco.  I was still a bit upset, but to be truthful, I missed him, and wanted things to go back to the way they were.  I called him on Saturday, and he seemed open to the idea of seeing me, but he already had plans to meet with this debate group he'd joined. 

"Debates?  You never used to do that!" I balked, annoyed. 

"I promised Takahara I'd help them out.  It'll just be for a few hours. How 'bout I call you when we're done?" 

I didn't like the sound of that either.  Who knows when they might finish? 

"Where are you going to be?" I asked. 

"Haldiman Hall." It is this grand old building on campus, almost like a castle, where a lot of the clubs meet.  It also has a cafeteria and a swimming pool. 

"Maybe I'll go swimming there." 

"Uh...  yeah, sure.  Whatever you want," he agreed.  I was glad we'd managed to work something out. 

I had a shower, pulled on a cute summer dress, packed my swimsuit and hoodie, and headed down to the university.  I peeked in on Ryosuke and his club mates just long enough to say hi.  He was with Kosugi and Takahara, two of the alumni whom I'd met at the Japanese Student Union barbecue in the summer.  They are tall boys who look kind of rich, well-dressed and tanned, but a bit snooty for my taste.  I tried to be friendly, but they clearly wanted to work on this debate.  I left them to it, and went off to the pool.  It's kind of an interesting pool actually with a vaulted ceiling held up by Corinthian columns.  It wasn't crowded, so I had a nice swim. 

After I was done, I had a shower, and started wondering how to woo Ryosuke away from this silly debate.  Maybe if I go out in my bathing suit. It wasn't indecent or anything.  It was just a plain navy blue one-piece racing suit.  The legs are cut a bit high though, so you could see a fair bit of my backside.  I wasn't sure how Ryosuke would react, but I thought I'd give it a shot. 

Anyway, I pulled on my soft white terry-cloth hoodie over my swimsuit, and slung my gym bag over my shoulder before heading out.  The hoodie I was wearing wasn't a long one, so at the back, you could probably see my butt cheeks peeking out from under the hem.  I did get a few strange glances as I made my way through the halls, but I tried to just ignore them. 

Soon enough, I found the room, and went in, trying not to disturb the people who were studying.  I nodded hello to Kosugi and Takahara, scooted around to the far side of Ryosuke's chair, and kneeled down next to him. Ryosuke kept on talking to the boys, but when I handed him my towel, he did make a half hearted effort to help me dry my hair.  Whatever our recent problems, we were still quite close. 

There were other people in the room, but I was hiding behind Ryosuke's armchair, so none of them could see me, except Kosugi and maybe Takahara. The three of them were all looking at this chart that they'd laid out on the coffee table.  I was a little annoyed that here I was parading around in my high leg swimsuit, but none of them seemed to notice.  I wanted to get Ryosuke's attention somehow. 

My swimsuit was still wet.  Obviously I'd have to get changed at some point.  I reached up inside my hoodie, and pulled the straps of my swimsuit off my shoulders, gradually pushing them down until I could pull my arms out of the suit.  I looked over at Ryosuke wondering if he'd turn, and watch.  Ryosuke and Takahara were still talking about the chart, but Kosugi glanced at me.  I blinked at him innocently, waiting for him to turn away. 

Once he'd settled back in, I cautiously pushed my swimsuit down, and then got up on my knees, so I could take it off.  I was trying to do this without tipping the boys off, but Kosugi saw my head bob up, and leaned over this way to see what I was doing. 

I don't think he could see much - my hoodie was covering my pussy, but my swimsuit was down around my thighs.  Kosugi looked pretty shocked.  I guess it was kind of strange to strip right here with all these people around. 

I put my index finger to my lips to tell him to keep quiet, and then motioned for him to turn back towards Ryosuke and Takahara, so I could finish changing.  He did turn away for a moment, but I'd piqued his curiosity.  Kosugi wasn't the one I was doing this for though.  I was hoping that Ryosuke would notice, and break off their meeting, so the two of us could go out. 

Somewhat frustrated, I did end up pushing my swimsuit all the way off. I was starting to get pretty excited, kneeling here in just my hoodie with no bottoms on.  I don't think anyone else had noticed, but Kosugi kept peering over in awe. 

I leaned over onto the arm rest, and tugged on Ryosuke's shirt. 

"Are you guys almost done?  I'm thirsty," I purred in Ryosuke's ear, hoping he'd clue in. 

"In a second, honey.  We just have to iron out a few more things..." 

I was so annoyed.  Here I was sitting half-naked whispering in his ear, and all he wants to do is work on their presentation.  What on earth do I have to do? 

Not thinking straight anymore, I actually stood up.  Kosugi looked over at my bare thighs, even more shocked.  I don't think he could see my pussy, but I could feel the air swirling all around my nether regions.  I was getting so excited I wasn't thinking straight any more. 

"Here, if you're not going to get drinks, I'll go," I told them, still hoping that Ryosuke would protest.  I don't think he'd realized I was naked though.  I bent over to fish out my change purse, showing him my bare bottom.  He just ignored me though.  Fed up, I stormed right into the middle of their powwow. 

"Do you want anything?" I asked.  Ryosuke glanced at my bare thighs.  I thought he'd finally twig that I was bottomless, but instead, he just said, 

"No, that's OK.  I'm fine," and went back to talking to Takahara! 

"I'll go with you!" Kosugi blurted out, clearly quite excited my outfit. I actually hadn't meant to go anywhere.  I was just doing this to get Ryosuke's attention.  I looked back at Kosugi, and he just nodded that we should go.  I knew full well that this was no get up to be wandering around in, but with all this pent-up frustration, I wasn't thinking clearly.  I waited for Ryosuke to intervene, but he didn't, and then Kosugi nodded for me to go ahead. 

I felt so strange, as I went out through the door into the stately hallway.  I was acutely aware of my own nudity.  Kosugi seemed delighted though, grinning from ear to ear, as he peered down at my bare behind.  I felt embarrassed, sure, but also kind of excited.  He obviously liked my ass.  Should I cover up?  I should probably, but it's a bit late for that now. 

Embarrassed, I set out down the hall, trying to get away.  Kosugi stood there in awe for a moment, but soon rushed to catch up. 

"Did you have a good swim?" he asked, trying to be friendly. 

"Um, yeah, I guess.  Listen.  Could you do me a favor?" 

Kosugi nodded eager to please. 

"Of course." 

"Could you not tell anyone about this?" 

Kosugi played dumb, trying to act like he didn't know what I was talking about.  This was silly.  I could tell from the feeling of the air on my skin that he could see practically my whole rear end.  I tugged on the hem of my hoodie, but it was just way too short.  My hello kitty was tingling away like anything. 

"About what?" he questioned.  I wasn't almost about to tell him, but before I could, a voice called out from behind, 

"Emi?  Emi Tsuruta?  Is that you?" It was my old boss, Professor Edelman, Jack.  The Arts building was just next door to Haldiman Hall, so I should have known he'd be around.  I quickly twirled to face him, hiding my pussy with my change purse, terrified he'd seen. 

"What are you doing here?" he asked cheerily. 

"Oh I was just swimming in the pool," I explained.  Jack peered down at my bare thighs, so I rushed to distract him.  "This is Kosugi by the way. He's with the debating team." 

Jack shook Kosugi's hand, but he quickly turned back to me. 

"Emi, what are you doing with yourself these days?" 

I was starting to blank out.  I really shouldn't have come out here dressed like this.  What must they think?  The two of them were kind though, trying not to stare.  I still felt mortified even so. 

Worried about who might turn up next, I started walking down the hall toward the dining hall.  Jack peered down at my behind, somewhat puzzled. Jack had actually seen me naked years before one day when I was out sunbathing in the quad beneath his office window.  I didn't think he'd made the connection when he hired me, but who knows?  He's never asked.  I wanted to cover my fanny, but that would make it all the more obvious that I have something to hide. 

"Just studying for my courses," I blushed.  "I do have a job lined up with a school agent based out of L.A." 

"Oh that's too bad.  I was going to say you'd be welcome to come back, and work with me if you'd like." He was probably just trying to be nice, but this sounded like a come on to me.  Maybe it was just me.  I couldn't stop thinking about sex. 

"Oh that's nice of you to say," I blushed.  My whole face felt hot. Kosugi seemed amused at how close Jack and I seemed. 

"I used to work for Professor Edelman...," I rushed to explain.  Kosugi shrugged, unworried.  It seemed like he was more interested in my ass than anything else. 

Jack opened the door to the cafeteria for me, but I motioned that I was going to go check out the vending machines further on.  Jack stood at the door, watching as I walked away.  Thank goodness he didn't make a scene. I'll have to go apologize some other time. 

I looked at the drink machines trying to decide what to get.  Kosugi was hovering behind me, eyes wide. 

Without really thinking, I raised my arms above my head, exposing my bare ass to Kosugi. 

"Wow!" he gawked.  I glanced back, wondering what he thought.  He looked kind of amazed actually, stunned that I would do such a thing. 

"Oops!" I mugged, trying to pretend like I'd flashed him by mistake. 

"You're so funny," he laughed.  "Hey, listen.  Are you and Ryosuke still...?" 

This was a difficult question to answer.  I hadn't really had a chance to talk with Ryosuke about what he wanted to do.  The whole reason I was here today was to see Ryosuke. 

"That's a bit complicated...," I blushed.  Kosugi blinked some more trying to win me over.  He was kind of charming, but this was hardly the time nor the place.  I bent over to fish my drink out of the machine.  He was going cross-eyed just staring at me. 

Anyway, it wasn't safe out here, so I quickly headed back to the study room.  As we passed the cafeteria, I worried that Professor Edelman might be watching, but I didn't see him.  Once I made it passed, I started skipping in my hurry, but that just made the hem of my hoodie jump up all over.  Kosugi motioned for me to be careful, but I was too far gone to care. 

Ryosuke and Takahara were still working when we came back in.  Ryosuke did shoot me a suspicious look, wondering what had taken us so long.  It was nice to see him jealous for once. 

Ryosuke seemed determined to press forward with this debate stuff, but I would have none of it.  I sat down on his lap, opening my drink, and leaning forward to study the chart.  Ryosuke finally noticed I was bare-assed.  I could feel his erection swelling, but he was too embarrassed. He squeezed my butt cheek trying to get me to stand up, and get back dressed.  It was pretty embarrassing teasing Ryosuke's cock with Kosugi and Takahara looking on. 

I finally stood up, and bent over to rescue my bag.  My whole body was starting to heat up, so I quickly made my exit.  Ah well.  At least I'd finally got Ryosuke's attention. 
