Adam leaned back on Kris’s bed and listened as the shower stopped. It was pure reflex to glance over when the door opened and his eyebrows shot up at how pink the skin on Kris’s chest looked.

“Jesus, Kris, how hot did you have the water?”

Kris jerked, spinning around, and Adam could have sworn that, for a moment, Kris had looked terrified before he let out a breath. “Adam,” he breathed, shoving his hands into the pockets of the jeans he’d taken to putting on as soon as he’d dried off in the bathroom. “I didn’t know you were in here.”

He stared at Kris, wondering at the expression on his face. Normally, Adam could read Kris like a book but just over the last week, it’d gotten more difficult.

“We were going to watch a movie, remember? Allison’s having mother/daughter time and I got bored, figured I’d wait for you in here.” He frowned and leaned forward a bit. “Are your jeans looser?”

Kris’s eyes widened and he grabbed a shirt, tugging it on and Adam’s frown deepened when he saw that that too was baggier than what Kris usually wore.

And, okay, maybe it was because he’d apparently come close to boiling himself in the shower and didn’t want the fabric to rub against his skin but, somehow, Adam was sure that wasn’t it.

“No,” Kris denied. “They’re the same.” He headed for the door. “Come on, it’s your turn to pick.”

They were silent as they walked upstairs and Adam couldn’t stop himself from glancing over every now and then as if whatever was bothering Kris would leap out at him. Despite what he’d said, Adam could see that Kris had lost weight and he thought back over the last week, trying to remember when he’d last seen Kris eat. His stomach twisted as he realized that while Kris said he’d eaten, brushing off comments with a smile or “Not hungry, just ate,” he hadn’t actually seen Kris eat anything in days.

“We’re getting snacks,” he said. When Kris opened his mouth to protest, Adam raised an eyebrow. “It’s a movie night. We’re at least having popcorn.” Snack foods might not be the most filling but Adam figured he’d start small when it came to shoving food at Kris.

Kris let out a breath. “Fine.” He turned to head into the kitchen and Adam noticed the way he tensed as they walked in. There was a pause and then Adam watched as Kris forcibly relaxed his muscles one by one. “Danny,” he said.

Danny smiled. “Kris,” he replied before he looked up and nodded, smile shifting into something else that Adam didn’t even want to identify. “Adam.”

Adam looked between the two, making note of the way Kris’s movements seemed different. He was sure no one else would notice it, but to him, there’d been a marked difference in Kris from the moment they’d entered the kitchen.

Kris’s fingers tightened on a pack of popcorn as Danny stood and moved to put his plate in the sink and Adam automatically shifted closer to Kris.

“I’ll see you guys later. Promised my cousin I’d give her a call,” Danny said as he walked out of the room. Adam watched as Kris kept his gaze fixed firmly on the popcorn he’d just put in the microwave and knew that whatever was wrong with Kris, Danny was a large part of it.

He thought back to the night before, remembering how Kris had acted when they’d gotten home after their performances for Rock Week.

“You’re going to be fine, you know that, right?” Adam watched as Kris shrugged, turning to look out at the trees.

“Maybe. Maybe it would be better if I went home.”

Adam’s eyes widened at that and then he moved so he stood in front of Kris. “Don’t say that, damn it. You deserve to be here, Kris. God, have you heard yourself sing? It’s fantastic.”

“The judges don’t think so and may—“

“The judges are idiots, something you took great pleasure in pointing out to me during country week, remember?”

Kris’s lips twitched. “Yeah.”

“Now, admit I’m right.”

Kris snorted and then smiled slowly. “You’re right, Adam.”

“Good,” Adam exclaimed. He wrapped an arm around Kris’s shoulder and looked down at him. “Because if you go home, that leaves me and Allison alone with Danny and we wouldn’t want that, would we?” he joked. His grin faltered as some unknown look passed over Kris’s face.

“No, we really wouldn’t.”

Once the popcorn was done, Adam snatched it out of the microwave, hissing when he opened the bag too quickly and the steam hit his skin. He glared at the bag and poured the popcorn into a bowl before heading towards the living room.

“We’re watching Ferris Bueller’s Day Off,” he announced. Kris raised an eyebrow.

“Adam, I thought your eyes were going to fall out of your head, you rolled them so hard the last time I picked that. Why are you picking it?”

Adam smirked. “Because I want to watch you get so caught up in the movie, you start saying the lines with the actors and dancing in your seat during the parade scene.” His smirk turned into a bright smile when Kris laughed and rubbed the back of his neck as he began to set up the DVD.

Sitting back, Adam studied him and vowed to figure out what was wrong with Kris.