Story: Jocelyn (strapon)

Jocelyn pulled the strap-on probe out of her boyfriend and put more lubricant on it.  She was nude except for sandals.  He was bent over the back of the sofa in her living room.

"Just ten more minutes, okay?" she pleaded.  "I've got to get you accustomed to this or the session won't work."

"Jocelyn, do you have to do any more now?"

"Yes, I do.  Sally will be upset if I can't do her strap-on school for her next week.  And I think I can do it better that she can.  Look - what will it take to get a commitment from you to go through with it?"

She inserted the anal probe and resumed pumping it in and out while talking Max into going along with her plans.

She continued, "I told you that I don't want to use the seven or eight guys that Sally uses - I don't want to give them all blow jobs, which is the only payment they'll take.  I'd rather do something for you."

He replied, "I could watch - Uhhh! - while Sally - Uhhh! - fucks YOU in the ass with HER strap-on - Uhhh!"

Jocelyn slapped her hand on his right nether cheek as she laughed at the suggestion.  "Try a different one."

"Give ME the blowjobs - Uhhh! - and you have to swallow! Uhh! Once for each one that does me."

Jocelyn agreed to that as she kept pumping.  She didn't like the idea of swallowing from a BJ but she considered it better than sucking off seven or more guys.  She didn't want to spring the other requirement on Max right then, and decided to wait until he was more receptive.  After all, how receptive could a guy be to more requirements after agreeing to get his ass invaded by several women?  Especially at the same time he was getting it from his girlfriend.

Jocelyn steadily pumped the thick gel probe in and out.  She liked the way the probe went between Max's nether cheeks, and the way his sphincter hugged it as it pistoned in and out.  Most of all, she liked the fact that she could talk Max into receiving enemas and taking a strap-on from her.  She was aroused by the thought of a guy bending over and offering his ass to her.

She continued to thrust her firm hips back and forth as her long wavy dishwater-blonde hair swayed with her.  Although her hips ached, she didn't want to stop yet.  Max continued to groan and exclaim, especially when Jocelyn gave a hard thrust.

When she could no longer go on, she withdrew the probe and gave Max a couple of affectionate slaps on his bottom to let him know that he could get up.  Then she orally teased him to an erect state and led him to her bed.

A few days later Jocelyn and Max set up the warehouse area where she would hold the strap-on class.  Sally gave her a list of seven women who were slated for the class.

An hour before the class was to start, Jocelyn gave Max a soapsuds enema.  She had insisted, the night before, that he submit to being shaved smooth from the waist down.  He put up a fuss, as she expected he would, and upped the "payment" ante to two blowjobs, with swallowing, for each attendee at the class.  She told him it would be more aesthetic for him to be shaved.

After his enema he got cleaned up and was to stand, naked, facing the wall at the front of the class.  Jocelyn set up refreshments and unlocked the door.  When the women arrived she greeted them and asked them to be seated.  As they chatted, they occasionally stared at the naked Max who was facing away from them, against the wall.

Jocelyn began the class, and handed a new strap-on harness and probe to each woman and had them open the box.  She explained that preparatory enemas are essential, and that she would demonstrate.

She had Max get on his hands and knees in front of the class, and put his forehead against the floor.  After showing the class how to prepare the water, she inserted the douche nozzle into Max and let the enema flow.  She disregarded his protests, making sure that he took every bit of the solution in the two-quart enema bag.  She had him retain the enema for several minutes before letting him up.

While he was getting rid of the enema, she explained to the class how to perform the necessary lubrication of the probe and of their subject, and how to put on the harness and fasten the gel probe.

A hush came over the class when Jocelyn moved a padded structure to the middle of the room.  This structure was built to bind a person in a bent-over position.  She called Max over, told him to bend over, and fastened bindings on his wrists and around his waist.  She had everyone get undressed and get into their harnesses and probes.

"I'm going to demonstrate on Max here, and after that I want each of you to take a turn getting hands-on experience."  The seven women attending the class, all naked except for their strap-on gear, gathered around Jocelyn as she approached Max from behind.

"First you lubricate him."  She demonstrated how to pack lubricant into the male, and poured a generous amount on her fingers and inserted them, one at a time.  "Wiggle your finger around inside.  Then you generously lubricate the probe...  Now you spread his cheeks, and put the tip right there where it's going to go in, like this...  Now you put it in about an inch, and rock it in and out like this...  Then you go in a little further, and do some more in and out...  Keep doing this until it's in all the way.  Now pull out and pack more lubricant in there, and put some more on the probe.  Now go all the way in..."

"UHHHHHHH!"

"Get a feel for how much he can take..."

"Ahhhhhhh!"

Jocelyn firmly grasped Max's hips with her hands as she picked up the pace.

"You may need to increase gradually, but you can start to have fun at this point."

The sounds coming from Max served to arouse Jocelyn and the women who were watching.

"Mfff! Uhhh!  Ohhhh!  ...ah!  ...oh!  ...auuugh!  OH!"

After a good warmup, Jocelyn pulled out and packed still more lubricant into Max, and re-inserted the probe.  She pumped her hips freely, with her long hair swaying back and forth.  Max's reaction became more vocal, and everyone could see that Jocelyn was intensely enjoying the situation.

Jocelyn pulled out and asked, "Who wants to step up here and go first?"

A tall thin woman with plastic framed glasses, raised her hand and smiled shyly.

"Come on over here, Helen... okay, now, go ahead and do what I've demonstrated.  I'll stay close by in case I need to point out anything."

Helen gingerly lubed her fingers and inserted them into Max.  After wiggling them around she prepared her gel probe.  Jocelyn smiled when Helen slowly and firmly pulled Max's nether cheeks well apart.  She suddenly inserted the probe a couple inches and stopped.  Max gasped at the brusque intrusion, and Jocelyn talked her student through the first couple of minutes.  After that the shyness vanished and Helen thoroughly enjoyed thrusting the probe to the hilt every time she pumped.  It was apparent that whoever would be on the receiving end of Helen's attentions would get a very thorough fucking.  She became enthusiastic, doing all the right things such as pulling out and re-lubricating the probe from time to time.

Jocelyn called for the next volunteer.  

A petite blonde woman named Jessica stepped up.  She kept her platform high heel shoes on because of her height.  She seemed sure of herself as she performed the lubrication and initial penetration.  After receiving a few suggestions from Jocelyn, she applied herself to the task at hand rather well.  She fucked Max enthusiastically, her slender hips pumping the probe in and out with remarkable energy.  Max groaned and exclaimed as Jessica's hips repeatedly came in contact with his backside.  When Jocelyn sensed that is was time to continue, she had Jessica withdraw.

The next woman, Cynthia, was a tall and firm brunette. After a few moments of wielding the strap-on, she leaned forward and draped herself over Max, while still inside him.  She grasped his bound wrists with her hands and held on as she fucked him.

Cynthia's technique was to forcefully sink the probe all the way in, hold it there a few seconds, and sink it in again with a brusque thrust.  Max exclaimed with each pump, his volume reflecting the energy Cynthia's put into her thrust.

"Uhhhhhh....  AHHHH!...  Oh!  OHHHH!...  Uhhhh!"

Jocelyn regarded the scene before her as the most erotic thing she had seen in a long time, and vowed to remember that technique to use on Max.  When Max had gotten a good working over from Cynthia, Jocelyn had her withdraw.

Susie was next.  She was a young black-haired woman who giggled while she pumped in and out at an ever-faster pace.  Max reacted with an almost continuous lament, and Jocelyn let her go on for a few minutes before calling for the next one.

Janet then stepped up.  Her pale skin, brown shoulder length hair, and pointy nose painted a picture of an attractive, independent woman.  Once she got the probe inside Max and worked it around some, she put her hands on her hips and energetically and steadily pumped for a few minutes.  She appeared to be a no-nonsense kind of woman who would wield the strap-on until she decided to stop.

Next up was Christina, tall with long black hair.  She kept her knees together when she administered, and stood with her feet apart and toes pointed in.  She gave Max a good working over.

Then came Kat.  Kat was an athletic looking young woman with light brown hair and a firm build - the kind whose photos appear in pictures from track and running events.  She had a healthy glow about her as she stuck a well-lubricated finger into Max and moved it around.  Max groaned when she introduced the thick gel probe and worked it in.  She pulled out and re-lubricated it.  Then, with her strong hands on his hips, she spread his nether cheeks with her thumbs and penetrated him as far in as she could go.

"Aaaaughhh!"

Kat bent her knees slightly for stability as she kept a firm hold on Max's hips.  Then she fucked him powerfully.  She drove the probe into him, using his exclamations to gauge the power of her thrust.  There was no doubt that Kat was dominant.  However fast, hard or far she wanted the probe to go, it did exactly what she wanted.  Every thrust got a reaction from Max, and Kat obviously enjoyed her emerging dominant streak.  Who was the lucky guy slated to be on the receiving end of Kat's attention after being ordered to turn over and present his ass to her?  Would she bind him in place, or would she apply discipline if he didn't comply with her wishes?  One thing was clear - once she gets her hands on the guy's hips, she's going to have her way.

Jocelyn allowed Kat to go on for some time.  He's got to earn those swallowing BJ's, she thought to herself.  After several minutes she interrupted Kat's blissful experience and called an end to the hands-on portion of the class.

She distributed a list of questions to the women who came to the class.  Everyone profusely thanked her for the training as they left and handed her the answers to the questions.

Later that day Jocelyn read the questionnaires as she waited for Max to come over.  Five of the seven women had someone specific in mind for their attentions.  Four of them intended on using their training that same evening: Kat, Janet, Jessica, and Helen.

Aware of her own arousal, Jocelyn slipped one hand inside her panties and stimulated herself as she recalled two scenes from that morning - Cynthia's slow powerful thrusts and Kat's merciless pumping.  She cried out as she climaxed.

That evening the lights were dim as Jocelyn was seated on the sofa.  Max, naked, stood before her, his erect member in her mouth.  He slowly pumped in and out, observing Jocelyn's eyes looking up at him.  The action of her lips and tongue, plus the massive stimulation from the women in the class, pushed him over the edge.  He placed his hands on her shoulders as pulses of semen jetted into the back of her mouth.  When he was finished spurting, Jocelyn retained him in her mouth and made sure he saw (and felt) when she gulped his wad and swallowed.

She opened her legs and Max knelt before her.  He pressed his mouth on her creamy pussy.  She closed her eyes.  She soon felt the inevitability of approaching climax as her thoughts drifted back to the stimulating scenes of that morning.

-----
This work is copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
