Diary of a Serial Exhibitionist
by English Nudist ©

I first realised that exposing myself in public turned me on was when I 
was 19 and sharing a flat just outside London with another girl. I had 
left home after dropping out of university and Karen, my flatmate, and I 
had decided our future lay in the big city. We had been good friends at 
school and had grown up together in a small provincial town in northern 
England, sharing the same outlook on life in many ways. In fact we were 
often mistaken as being sisters as, not only did we have similar 
personalities and sense of humour, but also bore more than a passing 
resemblance to each other. If I describe Karen as blonde, vivacious with a 
figure that turned most men’s heads I suppose I must seem conceited in 
saying I resembled her, but I promise you that I’m not. I looked after 
myself though and kept my 36 24 36 figure in trim with regular exercise 
and generally enjoyed making myself look and feel as sexy as possible, as 
did Karen. 

All this was ten years ago though, but that’s when I began to keep a 
diary, especially of my exhibitionist activities, as they developed over 
the years, from single girl through to the present day as a married woman. 


Oxford Street 1992

Karen wanted some new clothes so we went down to Oxford Street to browse 
the department stores. She didn’t see anything but I found a dress that I 
thought might be good for the summer so I decided to try it on. It turned 
out to be just a little too tight though so I called Karen over to the 
changing cubicle from where she was searching through racks of clothes to 
ask her if she would get me the next size to save me getting dressed 
again. As I glanced at myself in the mirror I noticed that I hadn’t pulled 
the curtain back properly so I could see past my reflection into the shop. 
I could also see that a man was casually leaning against the wall, 
presumably waiting for his wife or girlfriend while she tried something 
on. He was young and good-looking and looked very, very bored and, just as 
I could see him, he must have been able to see me. He mustn’t have 
realised that I was observing him though as I had my back towards him so 
he obviously thought it was safe to stare at me through the crack in the 
curtain. 

Even so he couldn’t see very much, and I was still wearing my bra and 
pants anyway, but on an impulse I thought it would be fun to show him a 
bit more. Still with my back to him I unhooked my bra and turned to hang 
it up. At the same time I brushed against the curtain and moved it open a 
little so he could get a better view while being careful not to look 
directly at him and put him off. He must now have been able to see my tits 
quite well so I pretended to study myself in the mirror while I waited for 
Karen to return, and turned this way and that so that he could see me from 
every angle. I was really beginning to enjoy myself but just then Karen 
returned carrying the next size of dress and blocked my watchers view. I 
stepped into the dress, turning so she could zip it up and then stepping 
outside so she could give me her opinion. It was a good fit this time 
although very, very short, barely covering my bum, but all the better I 
thought, as I was now feeling very adventurous. The man meantime feigned 
casual indifference but none the less was studying me closely when he 
thought I wasn’t watching.

I stepped back into the cubicle and pulled Karen in after me, leaning 
close to whisper in her ear that I was being watched as I changed. She 
giggled and I had to stop her turning round to stare at my voyeur, 
although I could still see him casting occasional glances in our 
direction. I knew Karen wouldn’t be shocked as she was even more of a 
tease than me so I told her to go and find me something else to give me an 
excuse to continue the show and, just to keep him interested, she pulled 
the curtain back another couple of inches as she left. I slipped the dress 
off again and made a show of studying it as I stood in front of the mirror 
in just my tiny white pants, but as I turned round to face him again his 
girlfriend emerged and stood in front of him to show him the dress she was 
trying on. I could see he didn’t know where to look now. He should have 
been giving his undivided attention to her but I could see his eyes 
straying past her when he got the chance lingering on my bare breasts. I 
hung the dress back on it’s hanger and pretended to study myself in the 
mirror again, running my hands over my tits and tweaking my nipples to 
make them stand out even more than they were already. I could tell he was 
paying almost no attention to his girlfriend now and she couldn’t help but 
see me too if she turned round, but just then Karen returned carrying a 
bright red bikini and stood in the doorway of my cubicle blocking the view 
again. 

“How about this”, she said with a grin because she knew that I’d have to 
strip completely to try it on, but I didn’t hesitate in my haste to get 
completely naked and slipped my pants off while she continued to stand in 
the way. The girlfriend by this time had turned and walked past us back 
into the changing room unaware of what was going on and leaving her man 
standing no more than six feet away facing Karen’s back. However as soon 
as I was naked, instead of handing the bikini to me, she stepped back away 
from the cubicle, at the same time pulling the curtain right back. I was 
now fully exposed to the man’s hungry gaze and he made no attempt to hide 
the fact. I stood naked in front of him and my nipples became fully erect 
as I enjoyed the sensation of his eyes as they took in first my breasts 
and then flicked down to the blonde hair, which did nothing to conceal the 
lips of my pussy. I even parted my legs slightly so that he could see me 
better before casually leaning down to pick up my pants so that my tits 
fell forward and swayed slightly as I moved. Then for his final pleasure I 
stepped right out and took the bikini out of Karen’s hand before stepping 
back into the cubicle and drawing the curtain behind me just as if it was 
in a theatre.

My heart was thumping and I felt elated as I absorbed what I had done and 
I couldn’t help letting my hand slip down between my thighs to gently 
stimulate myself. Then Karen stepped in beside me again and I hastily 
withdrew them from moist crack, but she must have seen the wetness shining 
on them and guessed what I was doing, although I think she was probably as 
turned on as I was anyway. She told me that the girl had re-emerged just 
as I concealed myself with the curtain and dragged her man away as she 
wasn’t getting any sensible opinion from him. I reluctantly dressed again 
without trying on the bikini, although I decided to buy it even though it 
had only been an excuse for me to strip off completely. I couldn’t resist 
the dress either, as it was so short and sexy. We looked for my voyeur on 
the way out of the shop but he was nowhere to be seen although considering 
the state he was in when we last saw him he’d probably gone straight home 
and shagged his girlfriend!

Hyde Park and the London Underground.

After our adventures yesterday, Karen and I decided to go back into town. 
I like Sundays in London as, although it’s still busy, it’s much more 
relaxed with people just sightseeing or wandering through the parks rather 
than rushing frantically around like the city workers do during the week.

Besides that we’d had an energetic time with our boyfriends the night 
before. I don’t know if they could believe their luck as we both couldn’t 
wait to get them back to the flat as we were desperate to be fucked. I 
felt really sexy and turned on after being naked in front of a complete 
stranger and it had obviously done the same for Karen. We’d been out to a 
club and had a few drinks, which always helps, but as soon as Karen got 
Mike back home she dragged him into her bedroom and all we could hear were 
moans and sighs as he had her. Of course that turned Paul on too and it 
was no time before he had me out of my dress and was fucking me vigorously 
doggy style on the lounge carpet.

It was late morning by the time Karen and I got up and went out. Paul and 
Mike had decided to go to a motor racing exhibition or something; anyway 
it wasn’t our scene so we caught the Tube down to Lancaster Gate and 
walked into Hyde Park. It was a hot, summer’s Sunday afternoon and there 
were lots of people riding bikes, roller-skating, horse riding and 
generally enjoying themselves. Some were having picnics on the grass while 
others were just lying in the sun or strolling past the Serpentine. I had 
put on the dress I’d bought yesterday as it was cool and light and, as 
I’ve said, very short. It had a halter-top though so I’d not bothered with 
a bra; anyway it was too hot to wear much. Karen was similarly dressed as 
well although her dress was a bit longer but buttoned down the front. We 
wandered down the road that runs around the park catching more than the 
odd glance from some of the men as we walked by. As I’ve said, we could 
have been mistaken for sisters, both of us having blonde hair that just 
touched our shoulders and both of us having a light golden tan that still 
hadn’t completely faded after our holiday in Spain a month before. In fact 
that’s one reason we had decided to go out today as the sun was hot and 
would at least top up the tan on our bare legs and shoulders. Even though 
it was busy, Hyde Park is big and there’s plenty of space for everyone, 
especially if you walk away from the paths and tracks, so we walked a 
little way onto the grass where there weren’t so many people and took off 
our sandals and stretched our legs out in the sun.

Karen sighed and said she wished she could take her dress off and sunbathe 
properly but there were really too many people about, and anyway, we 
hadn’t bought anything to lie on and the grass wasn’t that comfortable. 
Still it was a nice thought and it got us on to the subject of my 
exhibitionism the day before. Karen said a little too boldly that if the 
shops had been open then she would have done the same today but I teased 
her saying she would never dare and was only saying it because she knew 
the department stores were shut, but she insisted she would have done. 

“OK then,” I said, “If I can think of something similar I bet you wouldn’t 
do it.” The challenge was just the sort of thing that appealed to Karen 
and I knew would be too irresistible for her to refuse. She said she would 
do anything on condition I did it too. I sat back and rested my hands on 
the grass behind me and drew my knees up so that my dress rode up to show 
all my tanned thighs and a glimpse of my pants, a sight that wasn’t missed 
by a jogger cutting across the park towards us. I suppose it was seeing me 
treating him to a view of my sheer white knickers that gave her the idea 
before I could say anything.

“No pants for the rest of the day,” she challenged. I protested that this 
was unfair, as my dress was much shorter than hers was so we agreed that 
she would undo some of the buttons to make us even. Also as an added 
condition she was to take her bra off too which would involve her taking 
her dress off completely. We both got up and crossed over too some bushes, 
which partially concealed us from view, and anyway there was no one 
nearby. I made her unbutton her dress all the way and pass it to me to 
hold and then she tuned her back so that I could undo the catch on her 
bra. Then she quickly slipped her pants off and put both articles of 
clothing in her bag. I’ve described Karen as looking like my sister, and 
she does although we have slightly different figures. Her breasts are just 
a little smaller than mine and point slightly upwards and her nipples 
always seem to be dark and erect which gives her the appearance of being 
always aroused. In fact they become really dark and hard when she is cold 
or really excited and stand out from the tips of her breasts by more than 
half an inch – I know because she said that Mike had once measured them 
with a ruler! She’s a lovely slim waist and flat stomach too. But the most 
unusual feature of her body is her pussy – it’s really prominent. Again 
the lips of her vagina always seem to be slightly swollen and the inner 
lips of her cunt protrude from between them quite noticeably just like 
I’ve seen in some of Paul’s girlie magazines. Coupled with the fact that 
her pubic hair is pale blonde and very fine, she reveals every detail and 
looks really striking nude.

Anyway there she stood naked in the dappled shade under the trees and just 
to accentuate her nudity she raised her arms above her head and laughed as 
she turned round like an exotic eastern dancer. She looked gorgeous. I 
handed her dress to her and we negotiated how many buttons she should 
leave undone reaching agreement on the minimum number so that when she 
leant forward it fell right open to reveal her tits or when she sat down 
it fell away either side of her thighs to show her pussy. I in turn took 
my pants off and put them in her bag too as I’d only brought a small purse 
that hung on a strap on my shoulder.

It really was a hot afternoon now and there were plenty of other girls 
about wearing skimpy halter neck tops or short shorts, but as we sauntered 
back down to the path and mingled with the crowds again it was a wonderful 
feeling as the warm breeze caught at the hems of our dresses, threatening 
to lift them the inch or so that was all that would be necessary to reveal 
our nakedness. It’s touch as it caressed my naked thighs and lightly blew 
through my pussy hair was like the breath of a man when he’s about to give 
you oral sex. We attracted more than the occasional glance from the men we 
passed and were even chatted up by a couple of boys but politely fended 
them off.

Eventually we reached the edge of the Park and had to make a decision 
where to go. We were both thirsty by this time but it was too warm to sit 
in a pub or restaurant so we decided to take the tube down to the Thames 
Embankment and find somewhere to buy a drink and sit by the river. We 
crossed the road to a station and descended into its depths but, being 
Sunday afternoon, it wasn’t very busy so we easily found a seat on the 
first train, in fact the carriage was almost empty. We sat next to each 
other and I mischievously suggested that Karen undo another button top and 
bottom which to my surprise she did, pulling her dress open at the top so 
that it was obvious she wasn’t wearing a bra and letting the hem fall back 
either side her legs so that her pussy was completely in view to anyone 
that might sit opposite. However at the next stop several more passengers 
got on including a young man in a suit who sat directly across from us. He 
looked hot and, loosening his tie, settled down in his seat with that 
thousand mile stare that most tube train passengers adopt. Karen had 
placed her bag in her lap as soon as he appeared but when I asked I could 
borrow her make up mirror she knew immediately what I had in mind and 
handed it to me with a smile and as she did so our victim came out of his 
day dream and looked across at us. He immediately did a double take as he 
caught sight of her cunt that was completely exposed to his eyes but then 
hastily looked away in case we caught him. I rummaged around looking for 
the mirror and Karen, going along with the act, leant over to help me so 
that her legs parted slightly and her dress fell open even more so that he 
could get a good view of her strikingly unusual pussy. He was hooked now 
and couldn’t help himself as he unbelievably took in the sight of this 
beautiful young blonde girl’s exposed cunt, until I looked up at him 
whereupon he quickly he looked away, uncertain of what to do. It was 
torture by pleasure for the man but Karen wasn’t about to stop now. 
Standing up from her seat she leant across to look at the map of the 
underground that all trains carry on each side of the carriage above the 
window. The train was going quite fast now in between stations and she had 
to reach up to hold on to the rail attached to the carriage ceiling to 
steady herself. She was barely two feet in front of him and her crotch was 
almost level with his eyes, and as the train swayed from side to side so 
her dress kept parting with the motion. Desperate to join in too now, I 
stood up as well and stretched up to reach the handrail too. Of course my 
dress being barely long enough to be decent under normal circumstances 
rode up by more than enough to show him I had no pants on either and, as I 
glanced down to see what he was doing, I could see him looking first at 
Karen’s pussy as it was alternately revealed and hidden and then at my 
golden curls which I’m sure must have been glistening with moisture as I 
was more than a little turned on. 

All too soon we felt the train slowing as it approached the next station 
which unfortunately was where we were going to get off. With a lurch as 
the driver applied the brakes, we were both able to give him a final close 
up of our naked cunts as we swayed towards him within inches of his face 
until, with a hiss, the doors slid open and we stepped out on to the 
platform. He couldn’t resist turning to look over his shoulder through the 
window as the train pulled away and to complete his confusion and show him 
that it may not have been accidental after all, we smiled and gave him a 
little wave as the train accelerated away. A look of surprise appeared on 
his face when he realised that we knew all along that he’s been looking up 
our skirts and for a moment I thought he was going to pull the 
communication cord so that he could get off and follow us. Well if we had 
exposed ourselves so willingly he must have wondered what else we might do 
for him, but too late and he was swallowed up in the darkness of the 
tunnel.

Needless to say our boyfriends couldn’t believe their luck again as we 
were panting to be shagged as soon as they arrived home. I even gave Paul 
a blow job all the way after he’d recovered from the first session. I 
don’t normally let him cum in my mouth but I was feeling so horny after 
our exhibitionist afternoon that I think I’d have done anything for him. 
