Worst Camp Trip Ever
by bgaius33

Grade nine camp trip. I was 15 at the time and a c cup. We were going for three nights. On the way there I just wore pajama pants with no panties or thong. There was a 4 hour bus ride so I wanted to be comfy. But I had forgot to bring some for the rest if the week. The cabin there had the guys and girls rooms right beside each other. And the bottoms I brought were loose fitting sweats, some mini skirts and a pair of shorts. When we got there I went to change into shorts. So I took of my pants standing there bottom less. My roommate left the door open and two guys were walking by and saw my ass when I was bending over. When I turned around they both got a Nice look at my shaved vagina before I could cover up. They walked off laughing. So I quickly put on my shorts. When we were waiting for lunch I was talking with a group of guys and my friend pantsed my exposing my vagina to all of them.

The afternoon and dinner was fine. But after dinner we went swimming. The bikini I brought was yellow. The top was strappless and tied in the back and my bottoms tied on the side. The pool was across a field. So I wore my bikini there and brought a towel. The guys and girls changrooms were right across from each other. And if you looked straight down the door you see into the other changroom. So I got in the pool. You had to swim laps to go in the deep end. After I swam my laps I pushed myself out of the pool and my top slid down exposing my breasts to a bunch of people. I didn't even realize at first. Everyone saw my breasts. After we were in the shallow end standing around talking. Without me knowing a guy came up and untied my bikini bottom. The group of us walked out towards the hot tub. I didnt even realize until halfway there. I just pretended like nothing was wrong and kept walking. When we were in the hot tub we started playing a dare only truth or dare. So the first girl had to take off her bottom show us and put it back on. The next girl had to do the same with her top. Then one girls had to touch the closest wall with her bottom down exposing her ass. Then one girl did it with her boobs hanging out. They weren't out of the water for more than 5 seconds. My turn I had to go bottomless 30 feet to the wall across from the hot tub. One girl had to go in the water. Give us her top and bottom. And swim one lap. Then I was dared to walk around the pool naked and not cover anything. When I was walking the guy that had my bottom took my top and ran outside and put them somewhere. So I quickly got in the hot tub. I was stuck nude in a pool with 80 kids. All of my friends were laughing and none of the helped. So I walked to the changeroom nude when it was time to go. Every one saw me naked. In the changeroom my towel was missing. I quickly went to the door outside and there was a group of guys out there. I bolted across the field and they started chasing me. One of them caught up and tackled me. The started slapping my ass and playing with my tits. They let me go to my surprise. When I got back to my cabin my sweats and pjs were missing. All I was left with was skirts. So I thought I would look through a couple of the guys rooms. I looked through one and couldn't find them. When I was in the second room a group of guys came in. I quickly ran out embarrassed. Then next morning I wore a mini spandex like material skirt. At breakfast I bent down to grab something and it slid up exposing my butt and vagina. I couldn't fix it until I got to my table because I had a tray of food in my hands. I quickly fixed it and when I sat down it slid up again. People could see my ass through the hole in the back one my chair. I had archery after breakfast. Every time I shot an arrow it would slide up. Eventually I didn't care and just left it up exposing my ass and vagina. Before lunch I changed into a pleated skirt that doesn't even cover my whole ass standing. After lunch I had rockclimbing. I knew I was doomed. When I was climbing everyone was looking at my ass. It was hell. After dinner we had time to swim again. When I was in my cabin I found my bikini on my bed. With some alterations. The had cut my bottom to a thong bikini. And my top barely covers my nipples. We had a diving contest. I'm a pretty good diver so everyone expected me to go. When I took a jump on the diving board before I actually jumped my top came off. Then I did a front flip and dove in forcing my bottom off. When I got out I was completely naked. I jumped back in looking for my swimsuit. I found my top but couldn't find my bottom. So I got out to put on my top and as I was tying in a guy slapped my ass as hard as he could. It hurt some much. I fell to the ground. His hand-print lasted an hour. When I was changing I was stuck in line with the doorway and a couple guys watched because someone left our door open. When I got back to my cabin I was left with a tube top and sweats. U thought I was in luck. When I put on the sweats they had made them so they couldn't cover most of my ass or vagina. They had made the crotch higher so you could only pull them up so high. And a tube top. I was getting fed up with it. I went to go play pool. I was standing around and someone pulled down my shirt and slapped my ass. Because everyone hadn't already seen me naked. The next day I showed up to breakfast naked. I kept self hidden from the teachers and camp directors. We were playing beach volleyball that morning. When I got the there the camp director told me
To go put on clothes but I told her I couldn't find any. So we carried on. I need up going nude until a teacher caught me the next day and sent me home. My parents weren't impressed.

All and all I was turned on in the end and kinfolk of enjoyed it. All the guys will remember that trip.
