t is not a story but a fact of my life. I was in std. 10 at that time. I was very good at studies. I had tuition of my school teacher. Her name was Mrs. Srini. She was a teacher of maths and science. I had very good impression on her as a student. But I was very much impressed by her body, especially by her boobs. They were very good and perfect in shape and size. I didn't have bad eyes over her when I joined her tuition. My interest in her started after some days of joining the tuition. I will tell how it happened. She used to call us at her home for tuition. We were 14 students in our batch. We used to sit on the floor and she used to sit on a chair.

Once while teaching maths she gave us a problem to solve. I could do about half of the problem and then I got a bit confused so I asked her what to do further. She came to me and since I was sitting on the floor she bend towards me to explain me the problem. Suddenly she got `khujli' (itching) on the lower side of her neck and as her hand went to her neck my eyes went there. I saw her big and well shaped boobs. I could not see them fully. Even I could not see her nipples but I saw the big and deep valley created by her two big mountain like boobs. She had all her attention in the problem and I had mine in her valley. This was the day which made me eager about her. Now on every day I kept trying to watch either her gully (valley) or her boobs or her thighs or her chut. Though I had not been lucky enough to watch her nipples or her panty. But I kept trying to see it. She had taken total hold of my dreams. I fucked her every night in my dreams.

Once I could not go to tuition and when I reached there next day no one of my batch was present there. She was cleaning her home as diwali was just after some days and so she gave a day off to all the students. I didn't know that due to absence of previous day. She was alone at home. She surprised to see me. But then she reminded of my absence on previous day. She was in her off-white sleeveless nightie. First time I saw her white milky full hands. She had tucked the bottom of her night-gown up into her panties so that she could walk freely. It was that much up that I was able to watch lower part of her thighs. I asked her, "Can I help you ma'am?" She replied, "No, I will do it. Don't worry." I said, "I don't have any work to do. I would be happy to help you." She said OK.

She told me to go with her to bring a table from the last room. While we were going, due to lack of attention, she struck with a wall and first two button of her gown broke due to the nail on the wall, but she didn't notice that. When we went to the table, she bend to lift the table and there her treasure was in front of me. Suddenly her leg struck with table and she moaned with pain and she started massaging her leg by bending. I went to her and asked her whether it was painful. As I bent in front of her I saw almost her full boobs because she didn't have bra inside. They were amazing and my dick got straight up being hard rock. After some time she felt okay and we lifted the table and whenever she bents I kept watching her deep valley.

After putting the table in that room she said me to bring a stool. She climbed up the stool and told me to hold its one leg. I set down and hold the leg and as I watched up I saw her white panty and her beautiful milky thighs, and my dick was increasing with full speed. As the stool got a bit imbalance she smiled at me and told to hold it properly. I replied her with smile. Suddenly she fell down from the stool and I tried to hold her but in doing so I also fell down with her. During this whole process her breasts touched me so many time and once in holding her I placed my hand on her panty also. When we both fell down I was up on her and we both were laughing. In this position I touched her breasts with my hand but she didn't notice as she was busy laughing. After some moments she realized my weight on her and with a bit moaning and in sexy tone she told me, "Hey sagar, get up please. Your weight is crushing me." I still could not gather enough courage to propose her for sex as she was not a woman who will easily get ready for this. After heaving a tea she good-byed me and I had to leave.

Now I started thinking how to get her. We had a chapter in science about human body's sexual organs. Following my idea, I remain absent during that chapter giving reason of illness. When I started the tuition back I requested her to teach the chapter and she agreed. She further told me that it was very important chapter not only for exams but also for life. She called me that evening at 7.30 pm. That evening my parents went out of city for a wedding for 4 days. When I reached her home she was packing a bag and I became sad thinking that she might be going out. She told me to sit for a while. I set for about half an hour and then her husband came from office. I thought they both were going out but then she told me that her husband was going out with her son. Now I was very happy.

Her husband and son left at about 8.30. Then she set besides me and relaxing a bit said to me, "Sorry Samil, I have wasted your time but I was not knowing about this tour in the morning. It's too late now and if I will start now, it will take about 2 hours and it will be around 11.00 at night and your parents will worry for you." I informed her that my parents had gone out and no one was at home. So she advised me to stay there for the night and I at once accepted it. Then she asked me to have dinner and we went to dining table. She was in saree that time. While she served my plate her saree slipped from her shoulder and I saw her deep valley between her breasts. She seemed to be more smoother from inside, with white milky breasts. Suddenly she interrupted me saying, "Our daloo kya?" I said no to her.

After dinner at about 9.00 she took me to her bedroom and started teaching me. First of all she said me, "Dekho Samil, tumhe thoda franck hona padega. This chapter is fully about sex so don't be shy at all. You can ask me anything without hesitation." Then she asked me what I knew about sex. I didn't answer anything showing that I don't know anything. She asked me what are the sexual organs of man and woman. With a bit hesitation I told her that I don't know particular words for them. She told me to say what ever words I know. Showing a bit hesitation I said man has lora and woman has...has chut and...and balls. She saw me with a sexy and naughty smile. I also replied with a smile. Then she told the words penis, breasts and vagina. Further she asked me whether I have seen breast and vagina, with again telling me to be frank. I told her that I have seen breasts in some English movies not vagina. She told me, "That means you have seen xx movies not xxx movies, isn't it?" I was surprised to hear xx and xxx from her. I told her that I haven't seen them intentionally. I said being innocent that my friends have so many times invited me to watch xxx movie but I didn't went there. She got impressed by me and appreciated me.

I asked her ma'am can I ask you something. She said "Of course, you can." I asked her, "Ma'am, how a baby borns?" She said, "During the fucking process man's semen enters woman's vagina and that's how the process of baby begins." I acted such that I am surprised and asked,"What is semen, ma'am?" She, with surprise, said "Don't you know semen! That means you don't know onanism (masturbating)." I said her that, "Ma'am my knowledge is very poor in this." She explained me that semen is a thick liquid that comes out from penis and also told me that a liquid is produced in woman's vagina also. I acted as I am not understanding anything and I said, "Ma'am, I am very much confused." She again explained me and I responded the same. I further asked how these liquids come out and she said that it comes out due to excitement. I again said that I can't understand and said, "Ma'am I even can't imagine the shape of the vagina as I haven't seen it." I said I get excitement but don't know about vagina and also how a woman gets excited. She said," A woman can get excited by kissing her lips, her breasts and other parts of a body." When she was telling this I was dreaming me doing all these with her.

I still kept showing confusion on my face and she was 100% sure about my ignorance and innocence in this field. She got tired explaining me theoretically. She told me fingering her self that, "See, I am a woman and I can get excited even if you slowly kiss me on my lips or neck or any where on my face." (Now she desperately wanted to explain me so I might not notice what she was telling me.) She asked me if I would like to try. I went near her and she stood up and then I kissed her on her cheek. She smiled and that encouraged me. I started kissing her neck taking her in my hug. In the beginning I kissed her slowly as she said me but then I became a bit faster. I pressed her in my hug and she was still smiling with a sexy smile. Now I looked in her eyes and slowly began to go nearer to him and slowly put my lips on her silvering lips and began to suck them. I kissed her for about 15 minutes and during that I didn't touched her breasts by hand because I didn't want to let her know my intention. As we finished kissing she went a bit far from me and again that smile came on her face. She asked, "Have you felt excitement?" I said yes and asked her the same. She said, "Yes I also got little excited." I asked, "Not full excitement ma'am?" She said, "The excitement can increase still more." I asked, "Can I also get more excited? and if yes then how?" She said, "By breasts or vagina-by touching and sucking them." Then she asked shyly, "Would you like to touch my breasts?" When I replied positively she said, "Then what are you waiting for! Come on."

I went nearer to her and again hugged her. I slipped her saree from her shoulder and touched her breasts (inside her blouse) very slowly. As I was very fond of her gully I asked her if I could see her gully. She agreed with smile and bent a bit. I was not satisfied and I bent her a bit more. My dick was getting rock hard and with her permission I placed my finger in her gully and made it going in and out. I could see her getting excited. Then after some time she stood up straight and again I began to touch her blouse, this time a bit faster and my lips were busy with French kissing. I slowly started squeezing her breasts and I took her nipple in my fingers and started pressing them. She started moaning now. I brought my lips down to her boobs, took her nipples in my mouth. Now she had her fingers in my hairs and her eyes were closed. I gathered a bit courage and started unhooking her blouse. As I unhooked one button of her blouse she requested me not to do that but as I sucked her nipples with much more pressure she could not oppose me. I slowly un hooked her blouse. Her white bra was in front of me. She had such big breasts that could not be totally hold by her bra. I in a fraction removed her bra and there her big boobs were in front of me. She had light brown nipples which were erected about 1 cm due to excitement. She pressed my head between her breasts.

I took her to the bed and laid her down on bed. She was looking me very eagerly. At that time she looked just like Madhuri Dixit looked in "Dayawan" film in the starting of the famous kiss scene of the film. I could not wait much and I laid on her and started kissing her lips. This time it was a perfect French kiss as our both tongues toggled with each other. This kiss continued for about 15 minutes. I went down a bit and started squeezing her breasts. I took her nipples again in my mouth and started sucking her breasts very hardly. Her moaning had became very loud. She was shouting, "Ooouch...aaaahhhhhhh...pleaaaaaaaaaase... nooooo, noooo, Samil, pleaaaaase do it slowly, pleaaaaaase!" But that made me much horny and I started giving her bites on her breasts. Now she had totally forgotten that she was teaching me science. I kept sucking her breasts for about 40 minutes. During this she got that much excitement that her breasts became milky. I was sucking her nipple with wildly pressing her breast and so I could drink very much of her milk. I also pressed her thighs in-between by lifting her ghaghara up.

After sucking her boobs I watch to her. She took me in hug and came over me. Now it was her turn and she started removing my clothes. She was kissing me wildly on my chest and now I was only in my underwear. She kissed my dick from outside the underwear. After some time as she removed my underwear my dick came out just like a spring. She got mad by watching it and started sucking it. She did it for two or three minutes. Now she said me with hurry and hard breaths, "Tumne kabhi chut nahi dekhi na. Dekhna chahoge?" She showed me the way towards her vagina. I went inside her ghaghara and started sucking her panty and my both hands were massaging her thighs. Her fingers were on my head from out side the ghaghra. I removed her panty and started sucking her cunt with tongue and sucked it for about 20 minutes and she got her first orgasm in my mouth. Now I removed her ghaghra also and stretched the lips of her vagina with both the hands. I was watching reddish skin inside her vagina. As I stretched it too much she gave a loud moan and then requested me, "Ab mujse nahi raha jata, tum please chodo na muje." Her face was looking too horny and I also had became impatient.

As I entered my dick in her she shouted like she was being fucked for the first time. She told me that her husband had been advised by doctor not to fuck because of an accident since last 7 months and moreover she had been used to be fucked by a small, thin dick and my dick was too big for her. Then I slowly entered my dick in her cunt. She still had a bit pain but she looked satisfied. Her cunt had became very wet and that increased my speed. I started fucking her with very high speed and her moaning became very loud. After about 15 minutes I unloaded myself into her and laid over her. I went to the bathroom and when I came back I watched her lying naked on the bed with closed eyes. Though I had fucked her recently, that scene erected my dick again and I jumped on her. She denied this time but as I started kissing and pressing her breasts she got ready for second round.

This time my aim was her asshole. First she opposed and said that it would be very painful but she could not control herself too long and I got a chance enter my dick in her ass. I applied a bit cream on my dick and performed the task and then we slept in each others hug. In the morning while she came out of bathroom taking bath she was in a towel only, and that led us towards another fucking. Then after for the whole year I went her home one hour before my tuition time and we satisf