Author: mypenname3000
Title: MILFs Love the Futa Chapter Two: Futa's Experiment Doubles in Delight
Summary: Lisa has two sexy MILFs obsessed with her futa-dick.
Keywords: hF hFF oral creampie facial anal A2M exhib voy MILF wife cheat cuck school

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Lisa Green

I quivered with my new futa-dick throbbing in Ms. Lynette's pussy as Principal Goldman glared at us from the entrance to the chemistry lab. What was she doing here? This was a nightmare. I was in so much trouble.

Ms. Lynette was in even more trouble.

Well? demanded Principal Goldman.

My world swam around me. This wasn't supposed to have happened today. I wasn't supposed to be a futanari. I shouldn't have a big clit-dick thrusting out into Ms. Lynette's pussy. The beauty elixir I had spent six months perfecting had been sabotaged.

It was supposed to give me bigger boobs than my A-cups (which it had), give me an adorable face (which it had), and make my bushy, red hair manageable (which it hadn't). I was supposed to be hot, not a futa.

But that bitch Shanice, one of the hot mean girls of my high school, had sabotaged my elixir. She had spiked it with a new compound that had given me a fully functional clit-dick. Complete with ovaries that fire girl-jizz when I orgasmed.

Ms. Lynette had caught me and, well, she had gotten wild. Sucked me off. I ate her pussy. Fucked her. Then Principal Goldman caught us. It was all such a nightmare. I groaned as I pulled my futa-dick out of Ms. Lynette's pussy.

It's all my fault, I whimpered, my glasses shifting on my nose. Oh, it was supposed to correct my eyesight, too, but I still needed my coke-bottle lenses to see more than a few inches past my nose. I... I was doing an experiment that...

That stripped off all your clothes and... Principal Goldman trailed off as she marched closer. Her curly-brown hair swayed around her face. Her tongue flicked over her lips. She quivered there, her hips wiggling back and forth. Is that a cock? Why do you have a cock, Miss Green?

Well... I swallowed. Um... Something in the experiment went wrong and I became a futa. I just... grew it and... Ms. Lynette was trying to help me deal with being a futanari. You know, having a girl-dick.

By having you fuck her pussy and cum in her? Principal Goldman asked, her right hand playing with the wedding ring on her left. Her eyes peered at me hard through her glasses.

Yes, I muttered. That was it. I... I had to cum, and that's what pussies are for, right? My cheeks burned with the embarrassment of even uttering such a shameful thing.

That is what they're for, agreed Principal Goldman as she moved closer. Mmm, yes, yes, and that's a big one. Oh, my, I can't believe a cute, young thing like you has grown a dick that big. You said you're a... futanari?

I nodded.

A. Fu. Ta. Na. Ri, she said slowly, saying each syllable by itself. My, my, and that gave you that big dick. Mmm, that's impressive. You did this with the school's chemistry lab?

I nodded, my heart pounding.

And your boobs are bigger, are they not, Miss Green?

Yes, Principal Goldman, I said, swallowing.

Ooh, they more than doubled in size, Ms. Lynette said. And she still has her virgin pussy. A hymen and everything. It's very remarkable. I knew she would come up with something amazing.
Yes, yes, this is... remarkable, the principal said as she neared me. You just have that huge cock. Oh, yes, it's magnificent. You're going to publish a paper, right? On this... discovery? It'll be so huge for the school.

Um, well, I said, squirming back and forth. I mean... I suppose. It's so private. I have a girl-dick. I don't know if I want that to get out.

Why not? The principal dropped to her knees and, to my shock, grabbed my big, wet futa-dick. She held me in her left hand, her wedding ring gleaming. That's a magnificent girl-cock.

Another MILF swallowed my clit-dick.

I couldn't believe it. Principal Goldman slid her lips over my futa-cock and suckled on me, not caring I was soaked in Ms. Lynette's yummy pussy cream. My pussy clenched at the heat rushing down my shaft. I groaned, my back arching.

Ms. Lynette crossed her legs and watched with this fascinated gleam in her hazel eyes. Her big boobs swayed. It was like she was observing an experiment. Wanting to remember every detail to jot down for posterity later. If she had a notebook in hand, I bet she would be writing.

Principal Goldman, I whimpered as the naughty MILF bobbed her head. You're married!

Mmm, she is, cooed Ms. Lynette. But she's still a woman. We have needs, and that massive clit-cock... Oh, that's just perfect to scratch them.

Oh, I groaned. It felt so good having Principal Goldman suckle on my girl-dick. It was hard to care about anything else as she bobbed her head and worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me with hunger. She nursed with passion.

I shuddered, loving every moment of her bobbing her head. She worked her lips up and down my cock. It was glorious to have her nursing on me like that. My eyes rolled back in my head as my virgin cunt clenched.

My new, plump boobies jiggled. They weren't little bumps any longer. They had matured. I wasn't a flat-chested, fifteen-year-old girl any longer. I had breasts. And a massive futa-cock that seemed irresistible to the MILFs.

Oh, wow, I groaned. Oh, that's incredible. Just like that. Suck me just like that. Ooh, I love it. I love it so much!

And so does the principal, purred Ms. Lynette. My, my, she's sucking so hard, isn't she?

So hard, I whimpered, the pleasure shooting down my shaft to melt through my cunt.

I loved how it rippled through me. How great I felt as this naughty MILF bobbed her head and worked her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled on me with such passion. She loved my girl-cock with all her might.

Did she suck her husband's dick like this? I didn't think she did. My cock had inspired such lust in her. My big, throbbing futa-rod had turned her on. I quivered, enjoying my second blowjob from my second MILF. This was so wild.

I slid my fingers through her curly, brown hair. She moaned, her glasses shifting on her nose as she suckled on me. I loved this so much. My pussy clenched, the pressure building and building in my ovaries. This elixir was remarkable.

I just wished I knew how much Phendaline that Shanice had added to the concoction. 

I could re-create it if I knew. I'd have to experiment. I mean, I had the vial. She left it behind. I could figure out how much she took out. Yes, yes, that was doable. I knew how much should be in there. My mind exulted as my cock throbbed.

Oh, I am going to cum! I moaned. I'm going to cum so hard.

Her cum is delicious, Rachel, purred Ms. Lynette. You'll love it.

The principal seemed to agree because she suckled so hard on my girl-dick. She nursed on me with passion. My face contorted with the delight of this moment. It was an extraordinary delight to have this hot mouth suckling on me. I savored it nursing on me. I would cum so hard. Just have such a mighty burst of delight.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, my futa-dick throbbing in the principal's mouth. Oh, that's so good.

She swirled her tongue around the crown of my clit-dick. The sensitive part throbbed with pleasure. The delight shot down to my snatch. It rippled up to my ovaries. Those twin points of building pressure burst.

I exploded.

Principal Goldman! I squealed.

I fired blast after blast of cum into her mouth. I unloaded with this rapture. It was fantastic to cum in her mouth. To erupt again and again. The ecstasy swept through my body. Stars danced before my eyes. They twinkled with the brilliance of my orgasm.

Oh, that's awesome! I gasped, my pussy writhing.

Rapture flooded out of my cunt while ecstasy fired from my girl-dick. Pulse after pulse of delight shot through me. It was an incredible bliss to enjoy. I shuddered, my head shaking from side to side. It was an outstanding bliss.

I loved every moment of it. Every last second of this ecstasy and rapture gushing through me. The twin delights melted over my thoughts. I trembled, my toes curling and flexing. I sucked in deep breaths, enjoying this moment so much.

Oh, that was so good, I whimpered, my futa-dick throbbing in her mouth as I erupted one last time. Ooh, you make me feel amazing.

She popped her mouth off my cock, drool and jizz running down her mouth. Oh, your cum tasted amazing, Miss Green.

There's more in my pussy, Lynette said to my surprise. The chemistry teacher spread apart her legs to reveal her shaved pussy dripping in my girl-cum. A pearly rivulet ran down her taint to her asshole just peeking out of her butt-crack. She fired so much in me, Rachel.

Oh, my, she did, the principal said, pushing up her glasses. That's just awful. We have to do something about it.

I gasped in shock as the principal just buried her face into Ms. Lynette's shaved pussy and started licking. My chemistry teacher groaned as the principal feasted on that sloppy cunt. This was so shocking. MILF on MILF action. My futa-dick twitched at the sight.

My gaze fell to the principal's rump. Her skirt hugged it. My cock throbbed as this new lust surged through me. I couldn't do that, right? She was married. I shouldn't even be thinking of fucking her pussy, let alone her... her... butt.

I shuddered as I dropped to my knees. Principal Goldman lapped at Ms. Lynette with such hunger. I could hear the passion as she lapped. Ms. Lynette groaned. Her head tossed and her big boobs swayed from side to side.

Oh, Rachel, lick that cum out of me, she moaned. That sounded so hot. It made my futa-dick throb before me. Just aching to bury into the married MILF's pussy.

Or her butt.

I shuddered as Principal Goldman just kept licking and lapping at the cunt before her. She feasted with such passion. I loved how naughty it sounded. I swallowed, my heart pounding in my chest. My pussy clenched as I just wanted to do something so naughty. 

I grabbed the principal's skirt and hiked it up her thighs. A pair of cream-hued panties appeared, the crotch already drenched with her pussy cream. She had soaked through them. My futa-dick throbbed at that. I breathed in and smelled something spicy. Not my sweet cream nor Ms. Lynette's tart.

That was the principal's passion.

I shoved the skirt up and over the principal's plump rump. The cream-hued panties had the glossy sheen of satin with a black waistband that was quite cute. It hugged her rump. I wanted to yank them down. That would be so hot.

I shuddered, my heart beating so fast. I sucked in a deep breath and did just what I was thinking. I drew down her panties. As she tongued my cum out of Ms. Lynette's pussy, I exposed the principal's butt-crack along with her plump and creamy butt-cheeks.

Oh, my, I groaned as her thick bush came into view. Her pussy cream dripped from her brown curls. My futa-dick throbbed.

Her asshole peeked out of her butt-crack. I couldn't fuck her there, right.

I shuddered and pressed my dick into Principal Goldman's bush. Her curls spilled around my crown. That felt amazing. I shuddered then gasped as I reached her pussy folds. Hot, wet cuntlips kissed the tip of my clit-cock. 

Yes, yes, fuck me, moaned Principal Goldman.

What about your husband? I asked. 

Your cock is way, way bigger than his, she moaned. Ram that big fucker into me!

I gasped at hearing the principal swear. I thrust forward. I shuddered, savoring the way her cunt engulfed my dick. It was an incredible delight to have her hot sheath swallowing my dick. The heat melted down my futa-cock to my pussy.

I buried to the hilt in her, reveling in being in another pussy. Another MILF's wet cunt. A married cunt. Principal Goldman had promised this cunt to her husband. To have no other cock but his in here. Now I had invaded her.

I'm cuckolding your husband! I gasped.

Yes, you are, she moaned, squeezing her snatch around my dick.

I drew back my cock, savoring the way she gripped me. The silky embrace of her pussy was an incredible rush. I loved every second of being in her. I fucked back into her snatch hard. I buried my dick to the hilt in her snatch.

She moaned as I did that. I gripped her hips and fucked away at Principal Goldman's married pussy. The MILF moaned into Ms. Lynette's pussy, tonguing her. Was she still licking out all my cum? Or had she found it all?

Why was it so hot having a MILF lick my cum out of a woman's pussy. Why did that turn me on so much? I loved it so much, though. That was for sure. I fucked her cunt with hard strokes. I buried to the hilt in her cunt again and again.

I slammed deep and hard into her snatch. I fucked her so hard. So fast. I slammed to the hilt in her snatch. I fucked her with force. It was an incredible rush to bury into her snatch over and over again. She groaned, gripping my cock.

My boobs bounced as I fucked her. Her butt-cheeks jiggled from the impact. She moaned.

I groaned, Yes, Principal Goldman!

Ooh, fuck her hard! moaned Ms. Lynette. And, yes, Rachel, lick my pussy. I'm going to drown you in pussy cream!

Yummy! the MILF moaned, her cunt gripping me.

I shuddered, fucking her pussy hard. I buried to the hilt in her snatch again and again. I fucked her with everything that I had. I drove my cock into her cunt over and over. The heat soaked down my shaft to my cunt. My ovaries brimmed with futa-cum.

All the futa-cum I would flood her married pussy with. Would I get her pregnant? 

My futa-dick throbbed in her pussy at that thought. I fucked her even harder. Just the idea that I might breed the married MILF had my cunt burning in the heat. The tip of my clit-cock ached to unload in her juicy depths.

I slammed to the hilt in her again and again. I pumped away at her, my tits bouncing and heaving. I loved this so much. Her hot cunt gripped me. She held me tight. She massaged me with that amazing snatch. I would have a huge orgasm.

Oh, Lisa, Principal Goldman moaned. Oh, that's so good. Yes, yes, just like that. Fuck me like that!

And cum in her! Ms. Lynette moaned. Just cum in her so hard!

I will! I moaned, fucking to the hilt in her cunt. I savored this heat so much. Her pussy gripped me. She held it about me. I loved that so much. I savored burying into her cunt over and over again. It was magnificent. Oh, I love it so much!

She gripped my girl-cock. She held me tight as I fucked into her twat. I pounded her hard and fast. It was such a delight. A wonderful pleasure. I pumped away at her cunt as I rose and rose towards that orgasm. 

Ms. Lynette shivered there. She threw back her head, her big boobs bouncing and jiggling. She gripped the back of Principal Goldman's head, holding the other MILF to that hot pussy. It was such a sexy sight.

That's it, whimpered Ms. Lynette. Just keep sucking on my clit! Keep nibbling on it! I'm going to cum! 

Yes, yes, cum! I moaned, fucking so hard into Principal Goldman's cunt. I'm almost there, too!

Me, three, the MILF I fucked moaned, her pussy gripping me. She suckled with noisy passion.

Ms. Lynette trembled there. Her face screwed up with bliss. She trembled, her tits quivering. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she squealed out. I licked my lips, remembering when the teacher had cum on my face. How she had drowned me.

Yes! Ms. Lynette moaned. Oh, god, Rachel! Drink my pussy cream!

I am, the married woman groaned, her pussy gripping my dick. I slammed into her. I... I... Yes!

Her pussy went wild around my dick.

I gasped as I pumped away at the principal's spasming cunt. Her hot flesh rippled around me. She suckled at me, my twat clenching. I was so close to erupting. Just so close to bursting in her. I fucked to the hilt in her depths.

Oh, god, I moaned, her pussy suckling at my aching cock. Yes!

I erupted.

Lisa! the MILF moaned as I flooded her pussy with my futa-cum. Oh, yes! Fill me! Fill my cunt!

I did. I filled her cunt with my futa-seed. I bucked, my girl-cock erupting over and over again. My pussy convulsed, juices spilling hot down my thighs. My boobs bounced as I trembled. Ecstasy and rapture washed through me.

Two wonderful and amazing pleasures. I loved every moment of it. The ecstasy surged through me. I groaned, my head tossing from side to side. I pumped my girl-cum into her snatch. Blast after blast of my jizz flooded her.

Oh, my god! I moaned.

Ooh, that cum! she moaned, her pussy writhing around me.

I filled her to the brim. She groaned as I did that. Her body trembled, her boobs jiggling as I dumped my cum into her snatch. It was such a fantastic moment. I loved every second of it. I hit the peak of my pleasure.

So good, whimpered Ms. Lynette. She panted as I fired the last blast of my futa-cum into the principal's cunt. Oh, that was so good!

Yeah, I groaned, my body buzzing with delight. I couldn't believe how wild things were getting since I had gained my futa-dick. It had barely been forty minutes, and I had fucked two MILFs. I had a threesome.

I had wanted to be hot and popular with the guys, not the MILFs. But now...

It was so hot fucking a woman with my clit-cock. If Shanice hadn't sabotaged my work and abandoned me when she thought she had poisoned me, I would thank her. I would have to get back at her. How could I do that?

I had an idea, but it was a mean one. She did have a mother, after all.

I shelved that idea for now. I had to learn more about this futa-dick. It seemed irresistible to MILFs, but I had to test it more. Maybe Ms. Lynette and Principal Goldman were just horny sluts overwhelmed by my futa-dick. Research was needed.

I pulled my girl-dick out of Principal Goldman's cunt. I shuddered at the feel of my cock gliding out of her snatch. It was a wild delight. A hot pleasure swept through me. I loved this so much. I savored the last bit of bliss that I gained from her pussy.

Ooh, I have got to lick you clean now, Rachel, purred my chemistry teacher.

Yes, you do, Angela, the principal moaned as she rose. She sat on the lab table beside Ms. Lynette, pussy juices smeared over her lips. Her round boobs rose and fell in her blouse.

And we need to get this off, purred Ms. Lynette, tugging off the blouse the principal wore. I think our naughty student wants to see those big tits.

I nodded. They're just so amazing, I groaned. Boobs... I didn't know. This is all so wild. I thought I was straight, but...

Me, too, the principal said, licking her lips. That was amazing.

Ms. Lynette ripped off the principal's blouse and tossed it down. Then she kissed her fellow MILF. Their lips melted together. They kissed in such wild abandon, the gray satin cupping the principal's boobs. Black lace trimmed the edges of the cups. They were so sexy.

Ms. Lynette's hand worked behind the principal as the two MILFs made out. My futa-dick throbbed at the beautiful sight. It was so breathtaking to watch them make out, Principal Goldman's lips stained in pussy cream.

The bra clasp came undone. The cups shifted. I reached out and pulled the bra away from those gorgeous boobs, the straps sliding off the principal's shoulders and down her arms. I threw her bra to the side and groaned at her tits.

I gripped her plump breasts. I squeezed them. My cum matted her brown curls as I played with her round tits. My girl-cock twitched and throbbed as I leaned in and suckled on a pink nipple. She had a nice set of D's, a little bigger than my tits.

And smaller than Ms. Lynette's gorgeous boobs.

I nursed on the principal's tit while Ms. Lynette's tits jiggled at the corner of my vision. This was so hot and wild. I loved this so much. I savored every second of this. It was so hot to have those big boobs right there.

Ms. Lynette broke the kiss and moaned, Oh, let me eat out her pussy and lick out all that cum from her pussy, Lisa!

I popped my mouth off Principal Goldman's nipple and asked, Can I... um, fuck you in the ass? Heat rushed to my cheeks. I'm sorry, that's too much.

No, no, said the chemistry teacher. I mean... I've never done it, but... How can I say no to you? You're so sexy, Lisa.

She couldn't say no to me? That was incredible.

I stepped back from Principal Goldman, my futa-dick throbbing. Ms. Lynette slid off the table and bent over before me, lowering her head to the principal's sloppy cunt while thrusting out that bubbly rump at me.

I shuddered, smacking both my hands down on her butt-cheeks. This was so wild. I just had to bugger her hard and fast. I just wanted to fuck her with such force. Just make her squeal in delight. I had to pound her with everything that I had.

I parted her butt-cheeks and exposed the teacher's puckered asshole. I just wanted to ram into her and fuck her with everything that I had. I shifted my hips and pushed my wet futa-dick into her crevice and nuzzled my tip against her backdoor.

Ooh, she's going for it, Principal Goldman moaned, her round tits jiggling. And so are you, Angela! Oh, my god!

Mmm, her futa-cum tastes so yummy in your cunt! You have a delicious one!

Thanks, the principal moaned. God, that's so good feeling your tongue collecting the cum running out of me. She shuddered, her boobs jiggling. Yes, that's amazing!

I pushed my futa-dick against Ms. Lynette's anal ring. She whimpered, her asshole stretching before the thick tip of my cock. It was such a wonderful treat to push on her. I loved the feeling of her bowels stretching to take my clit-cock.

I pushed on her harder and harder. I thrust against her, loving the way she shuddered. She trembled and wiggled back and forth. Her asshole stretched wider as she moaned into Principal Goldman's asshole. 

I loved it. I thrust harder, my boobs jiggling. My cunt clenched as the heat swelled in me. It was this wonderful delight that grew and grew with my every thrust. She whimpered as her asshole stretched to its widest.

I popped into the teacher's bowels.

Yes! I squealed in delight.

Oh, my fucking god, groaned Ms. Lynette. Oh, Lisa! Oh, that's amazing!

Yes, breathed Principal Goldman as she watched my futa-dick vanishing into Ms. Lynette's asshole. Oh, yes!

I shuddered at the feel of that hot sheath engulfing me. This was so different from the MILFs' pussies. I groaned, savoring the heat melting up my shaft and flooding through my cunt. My ovaries quivered as I sank deeper into her bowels.

My round boobs quivered as Ms. Lynette's velvety hole swallowed my dick. I sank to the hilt in her, my bush rubbing against her plump butt-cheeks. She groaned into Principal Goldman's pussy. The teacher clenched her anal sheath around my dick.

Oh, my god, she's in me all the way, breathed Ms. Lynette.

She is, agreed the principal. Oh, wow, she's got all that cock in your bowels.

I do! I moaned and drew back, my glasses shifting on my nose.

I savored the feel of that hot asshole gripping me. It was such a thrill to be held by her. I thrust back into her. I plunged to the hilt in her bowels. I savored this moment. It was an incredible treat to have her massaging me with her tight bowels.

I pumped away at her bowels, loving the way her asshole gripped me. I pumped away at me, my pussy getting hotter and hotter by the moment. I shuddered, savoring the pleasure building and building in me. I would have such a hot orgasm.

Oh, my god, I moaned, drilling in and out of her asshole. Oh, wow, this so awesome!
It look awesome, Principal Goldman groaned. Ooh, Angela, yes, yes, get that tongue in my cunt! Lick out all that cum!

Every last drop! I moaned, pumping away with such force. I fucked into her bowels with just such hard strokes. Oh, my god, that's amazing. Yes, yes, I'm going to flood your bowels with so much jizz!

Flood her! gasped Principal Goldman groaned. Yes, yes, she's got her tongue in my cunt. She's licking out all your cum, Lisa! Licking out all your cum while you fuck her asshole. Ooh, your cute tits are bouncing. They're so delicious!

They are! I moaned as I fucked to the hilt in Ms. Lynette's asshole. 

It was so hot having this threesome with the two hot MILFs. They were savoring my dick as I fucked hard into Ms. Lynette's bowels. The pressure in my ovaries swelled with every hot plunge into her anal sheath.

My tits bounced. My glasses shifted on my one as I fucked deep and hard into her anal sheath. I groaned, reveling in the passion of fucking into her bowels. I loved the way that she massaged me. It was just an incredible delight to fuck her like that. 

I fucked into her with such force. With such passion. I buried to the hilt in her bowels again and again. My cunt clenched, the heat rippling through my twat. My futa-cum ached to erupt out of my girl-cock and flood the teacher's bowels.

I wanted that so much. I would just baste her anal sheath in my cum.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, watching Principal Goldman's round tits jiggling.

She trembled there, enjoying getting her pussy eaten out by the naughty teacher. The head of my high school moaned in delight. Her face twisted with passion as she quivered there. Her glasses shifted on her nose.

Angela! she groaned. Oh, yes, yes, I'm going to drown you in pussy cream! Just keep that up! You're going to make me explode.

I wanted to see that. I fucked Ms. Lynette's asshole hard as she feasted on Principal Goldman's cunt. The pressure in my ovaries swelled with every thrust into her bowels. I loved the velvety grip of her anal sheath around my dick.

The tip of my cock ached. The need to cum itched there. My ovaries quivered as I buried into Ms. Lynette's bowels. Principal Goldman trembled, her round boobs quivering. She licked her lips, her glasses slipping on her nose. 

That's it, she gasped. Oh, Angela... Yes, yes, that's... I'm cumming!

The principal bucked as she drowned Ms. Lynette in pussy cream. I licked my lips in delight, wishing I had that wonderful flood gushing through me even as I fucked away with my cock. I buried into the teacher's bowels, reveling in having a futa-dick.

It was so amazing to have a girl-dick and round breasts. I groaned, pumping away at her asshole as she clamped down on me. Ms. Lynette moaned into the principal's cunt. With a squeal, the teacher's anal sheath went wild around my cock.

She came.

Oh, yes! I gasped as I drew back my cock. That spasming asshole suckled at me.

Cum in me! gasped Ms. Lynette into Principal Goldman's cunt.

Yes, yes, cum in her asshole! moaned the principal.

I thrust ahead and buried my girl-cock to the hilt in the teacher's bowels. I exploded.

This wave of heat rushed out of my cunt as my clit-dick fired my girl-cum into her bowels. My face contorted with delight. I groaned, spurting over and over into her anal sheath. She rippled around my erupting cock. 

I threw back my head, my round tits bouncing. Stars burned across my vision. I loved the feel of that hot asshole writhing around my cock. It was incredible to have them milking my dick. Just outstanding. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest.

Oh, my god, I groaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's so good. that's amazing!

Rapture washed through my body. My mind melted from the delight of cumming in the MILF-teacher's asshole. Her bowels rippled around me, suckling at my spurting cock. My cunt writhed, the waves of heat rushing through me while cream spilled down my thighs.

Damn, Principal Goldman moaned. She leaned back on the lab table, staring at me. Oh, Lisa, you are such a gorgeous thing.

Thanks, I whimpered, more and more of my futa-cum firing from my clit-dick.

So much. Could guys keep cumming and cumming like this? I had no idea.

I trembled through the rapture. I pumped the last of my cum into her bowels. I sucked in a deep breath, my entire body buzzing with euphoria. I felt amazing. My dick twitched in her bowels a few more times before I pulled out of her.

I stepped back and hit the cabinet behind me. I felt the periodic table sticking to my back that covered it. I loved how great I felt. Principal Goldman stared at me, licking her lips. Her wedding ring flashed as she squeezed her tit with that hand.

My, my, she moaned. You must have such a dirty dick now.

Oh, yes, Ms. Lynette moaned, turning her head. Pussy cream ran down her lips and chin. Just such a dirty, dirty cock

I shuddered at her words.

She turned around fully and sauntered to me, her big boobs jiggling. Principal Goldman slipped off the table. The married MILF sauntered towards me, too. They both were staring at my girl-cock like it was the most beautiful thing in the world.

They dropped to their knees. Ms. Lynette grabbed the base of my futa-dick. Her hand rubbed at my labia through my bush. She licked her lips and leaned in. She licked up my dirty dick from the right side. Principal Goldman took the left.

I gaped in shock, staring with wide eyes as the two MILFs licked up my dirty dick. That had just been in Ms. Lynette's asshole, and they were lapping at it. They moaned as they climbed up and up my long shaft to the spongy crown. They licked over the tip.

Oh, my god, I gasped as pleasure shot down my shaft to my cunt. My pussy clenched. That's so dirty.

Mmm, so dirty, purred Principal Goldman in agreement.

Just filthy, moaned Ms. Lynette like that made it hotter.

They both licked up my cock again, dragging their warm, wet tongues up the side again. They were cleaning my futa-dick. I shuddered, my pussy clenching as they climbed higher and higher up my clit-rod until they reached the tip again.

Pleasure shot down my shaft. I moaned, my round tits jiggling. I pushed up my glasses as they licked again. And again. The two MILFs bathed my shaft and crown with their hot tongues, soaking me in their saliva. This was so wild

Their tongues met at my crown. They were almost kissing each other as they licked me until... Their lips met. The two MILFs kissed around the tip of my cock, half-massaging the spongy glans while they moaned together.

Jesus, I breathed, shocked by this. My dick twitched. 

They turned and winked at me. Principal Goldman slid her lips over the crown of my dick. I gasped at that. It felt so wonderful to have that MILF nursing on me. She suckled hard, her cheeks hollowing. Her eyelashes fluttered behind her glasses.

She bobbed her head while Ms. Lynette leaned in and licked at my shaft again. She lapped around me, purring her delight. So did Principal Goldman around my throbbing girl-dick. She suckled with such hunger on me.

Oh, yes, I groaned, my ovaries twitching. They had another load of girl-cum.

Mmm, suck her cock, Rachel, moaned Ms. Lynette. Just make Lisa cum. Love that girl-dick!

Principal Goldman winked at me and suckled hard. She was committed to that. I gasped, my round tits jiggling as she suckled on me. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. She swirled her tongue around my crown.

Pleasure coursed down my futa-dick. I shuddered, savoring that delight as I quivered here. This was an incredible rush to have that hot mouth sucking on my futa-dick. I loved every moment of her nursing on me.

She bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my cock even as Ms. Lynette slid her tongue up my shaft to brush the principal's lips. Without being asked, the principal slid her lips up my cock until she popped off.

Thanks, Ms. Lynette purred and engulfed my dick.

You're welcome, cooed the principal.

I shuddered as my teacher now bobbed her head. She worked her lips up and down my cock. She suckled with more hunger, but her tongue wasn't quite as nimble. It was a different sort of blowjob from what the principal gave me.

Not worse, just different.

Both were excellent.

My cunt clenched. A bead of juices trickled down my thigh. I shuddered at how naughty that felt. I licked my lips, my heart pounding in my chest. This was so wild. I loved this so much. I savored having that hot mouth nursing on me.

Just suckling on me with hunger.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned as Ms. Lynette bobbed her head.

Mmm, enjoy, Lisa, cooed Principal Goldman. She cupped my furred muff and rubbed at my virgin pussy lips. 

I quivered as she stroked up and down them as Ms. Lynette suckled at my cock. It was so wild. Her tongue massaged my crown. I shuddered, my pussy drinking in the delight as Principal Goldman's fingers caressed my labia.

Then Ms. Lynette popped her mouth off and Principal Goldman suckled on my dick again. I groaned, savoring having the married MILF nursing on me. This was wild. I had no idea that pleasures like this could exist.

I love this! I gasped. I love you both sucking on me! Ooh, but whose mouth will I cum in?

Mouth? asked Ms. Lynette. Why, our faces.

What? I gasped, my eyes widening. Really? That's something I can do?

Yep, purred Ms. Lynette. She winked at me. It's going to be hot, right? You're going to just cum and cum over our faces. Just paint us in jizz.

I nodded, imagining it. My futa-dick throbbed with how exciting it sounded. Principal Goldman suckled hard while rubbing at my cuntlips with her naughty fingers. She danced her tongue around the crown of my cock. I loved it so much.

She suckled hard as she slid up my cock. Her lips plopped off, drool running down her chin. Ms. Lynette was there to swallow my dick. She suckled on me with such wonderful suction. I groaned, my face contorting with how amazing it was to have her nursing on me.

The MILFs passed me back and forth. They suckled on me for a few moments then swapped me to the other hot mouth. I kept having their plump lips sliding over the spongy tip of my futa-dick. That part was the most sensitive place ever.

My virgin pussy clenched every time it happened.

Oh, my god, I moaned. Oh, wow, you two are going to make me explode! 

Yes, we are, purred Principal Goldman right before she swallowed my dick.

I shuddered as her warm mouth soaked my futa-rod. My face twisted in delight and my round boobs jiggled. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my clit-dick a few times before she popped off and Ms. Lynette took over.

My teacher had such suction. My pussy clenched. Principal Goldman stroked the folds of my labia, brushing my hymen. I quivered, my eyes rolling back in my head. The pressure in my ovaries swelled to the bursting point.

I'm going to cum! I whimpered.

Ms. Lynette popped her mouth off my cock and stroked my shaft. Then cum on our faces!

Yes, please, begged Principal Goldman. Just cum all over our faces with your futa-spunk!

They both stared up at me, cheek to cheek. It was too hot. Ms. Lynette's hand stroked up my shaft and engulfed the crown. The pleasure shot down my shaft and zapped to my ovaries. They burst with my ecstasy.

I gasped out in delight as ropy lines of cum fired out and splashed across both their faces. My jizz splattered across Principal Goldman's glasses and ran over Ms. Lynette's cheeks. They opened their mouths and thrust out their tongues.

They caught to my futa-cum on them.

They moaned as I groaned. My pussy writhed, juices spilling hot down my thighs. I swayed there, all this pleasure rushing through me. It was intense and amazing. My heart pounded in my chest. I shuddered, savoring every second of this delight.

It was a magical moment to cum on their faces.

Oh, wow! I moaned, swaying there. This... This is amazing!

I felt so awesome as the pleasure shot from my cock and washed out of my cunt. The two different delights swept through me. I could just float away as I pumped more and more of my cum to splatter their faces. I drenched them, coating Principal Goldman's glasses in jizz.

I quivered as I fired one last time.

I sucked in deep breaths as the two MILFs turned to each other and licked the cum off the other's face. That was wild. I swayed there for a moment then dropped to my knees. I had to join in on that. I licked up my salty cum, savoring the flavor melting over my taste buds.

I licked up Ms. Lynette's cheek then lapped over to Principal Goldman's jawline. I gathered up my pearly spunk where I could get it. They moaned, doing the same, only for their lips to melt in a kiss where they shared my futa-spunk.

Oh, wow, I groaned as I watched them trading the jizz back and forth.

I quivered there, unable to look away at their pink tongues sharing my pearly futa-cum. It was so wanton and hot. I quivered. I didn't know I could witness anything this exciting in my life. A dizzying rush swept through me.

I sucked in a deep breath, so glad that we had this experience. The two MILFs lapped up my cum as I rose. I looked around. I could recreate this, couldn't I. I hurried over to my lab equipment. There was still plenty of the solution.

And I knew how to make the reagent.

I wondered if there were other effects, I could make. 

If I added more Tamariphrene, it would form Tamarohol-Relaxic-Acililin-Phendaline. I bet that would do something interesting to a boy. I quivered with the idea. I had something very potent here. Something that would change things.

I started gathering up the chemicals and breaking down my lab.

She's just forgotten about us, Principal Goldman said.

A true scientist, said Ms. Lynette. She's probably thinking how she can replicate her work.
Oh, yes, I said as I bottled up the leftover Phendexrohol-Uraciline Tamrixillin. I would also need to get more Sulfaridine-Laxic-Uraciline Tamrixillin. I had figured out how to make it all. It would only take me a few days in the lab, mostly because of how slow some of the reactions were, to remake that. I have lots of ideas.

Well, I do have a budget meeting, said Principal Goldman. Mmm, I'll see you later, Lisa.

Of course, I said. Um, was it seeing my girl-dick that made you so horny for me.v
I'm not sure. Ms. Lynette.

She was naked when I first saw her, said the chemistry teacher. Maybe something pheromonal. That could have made us so horny. Mmm, I would do anything to have that futa-dick fuck me again.
Right? said Principal Goldman. Well, not as much now that I've had that itch scratched, but when I first walked in... It was overwhelming.

I smiled. That would be useful. Thank you. We'll have some more experiments tomorrow. I have some homework to do.

Right, right, said Ms. Lynette.

I heard clothing being donned. I wasn't sure I wanted to look at those MILFs. I would probably lose it. Cumming with my futa-dick was so delicious. Instead, I just kept breaking down the equipment and gathering the chemicals.

Remember to turn out the lights, Lisa, Ms. Lynette said as she and the principal headed out.

I nodded.

I soon had it all cleaned up. The lab was broken down. I'd have to see about setting up some of this in the basement. Would Mom let me do that? I don't know. Another question, would she be affected by the pheromones. Was it from me, or from the chemicals I had been using?

Another question that needed to be answered.

I packed up and bent down to dress. I picked up my bra and... I had bigger boobs now. That was a problem. Then there was my cock. It wasn't hard right now, but it was still swinging between my thighs. A good six inches of flaccid girl-dick.

Oh, dear, I said and thrust my bra into my book back. I pulled on my top. It was tight around my breasts. It wouldn't even go down to my bellybutton any longer. My nipples thrust out hard against it. Well, I thought I'd have to buy new clothes.

I had the money saved up for that reason.

The cock was a different matter. I was glad I didn't wear skinny jeans. I pulled on my panties. It was tight, my dick pressed to the sight and making a noticeable bulge. I grabbed my jeans and drew them on. It was a bit of a struggle to zip up.

I might have to start wearing skirts, I muttered. And boy shorts or something.

I grabbed my bookbag with the chemicals stored in them. I headed out the door, turning off the lights. It was always eerily moving through the halls after hours. I could hear the distant whirring of a janitor using a floor waxer. Other than that, I was alone.

I moved faster through halls that were normally bustling with students. I reached outside. I headed to the bike rack, pulling out the key to mine. I was halfway there when I noticed Shanice lounging around on a step playing with her phone.

I froze. A wave of anger rushed through me. She had tried to ruin my experiment. She had abandoned me when I was moaning in pain on the ground. I wanted to march over there and turn her into my slut.

Hey! I shouted and rushed at her.

She whirled around and sneered. You going to be a little bitch over my prank. She flicked her gaze up and down me. You look fine to me. Fuck off before I break those dumb glasses of yours. I'm not in the mood.

And if I told you to suck my dick? I hissed. What would you do then?

A cold, evil grin spread on her lips. 

To be continued...
