8. – Masquerade

At my direction, Garrick forced the lock with his talent. I would have done this myself, but I didn’t trust myself not to shatter the door into toothpicks. The door to Erich Sonndheim’s bedroom swung inward on surprisingly silent hinges.

The room smelled like an abattoir.

Mendez and I covered our faces and followed Garrick inside. None of us was prepared for what met our eyes when Garrick located the light switch.

A mummified body lay across the foot of the unmade bed, its right ankle shackled to the bedpost. Fine golden curls still capped the darkened skull, itself misshapen as though it had been struck with a heavy object.

“Jesus, Konn!” Garrick breathed.

“God, who was that?” Mendez muttered against his sleeve.

I could only shake my head. “I…don’t know.” Suddenly I knew that my hunch would pay off, that somewhere in this mausoleum waited a message, a clue, meant only for me. Of what, I could not say. But clearly, Erich had wanted someone to find this body, and I was the only one who would care to look.

While my fellows tried to decipher the mystery corpse, I set about searching for that which had brought me here. Erich Sonndheim had been cruel and prone to gloating; I half expected this whole thing to be some kind of post-mortem joke at my expense. Still, I couldn’t shake the feeling that he had something of importance to my current situation, some intelligence about Crawford’s team, perhaps: some damning photographs, anything I could use to find them and turn them against their leader. For, without his team, Bradley would be mine.

As I passed by the foot of the bed, my reflection echoed in a massive antique mirror hanging upon the wall. I paused; something was not right. I turned to study the mirror more closely. The gilt frame had become quite tarnished, and cigar smoke residue clung to the scrollwork in a dark amber film. The lower right corner of the glass showed only a patchy and discolored reflection, the backing having eroded away decades ago. But instead of either darkness or the inside of a frame, I could swear I saw…paper. Paper, yellowed with age or smoke or both, and torn along one side.

I reached up and tentatively checked the frame for a weak spot, but the whole thing seemed fused together. I grasped the frame and tested the secureness of its mounting: it did not move, and I found it damn difficult to gain purchase on the slimy wood. My jaw clenched as I recognized the trap for what it was. The framed mirror must weigh at least twenty kilograms, by my estimate, and there was no way I could remove it from the wall without first removing my gloves. I could hear Sonndheim laughing even now.

“All right, you son of a bitch,” I snarled softly, “we’ll play it your way. I did it once, I’ll do it as many times as I have to.” With quick, decisive jerks, I tugged the gloves from my hands, tucked them into my jacket, then braced myself for what I was about to do.

[“Herr General, perhaps your guests have had enough of your posturing today. This is not a formal inspection, after all.

“Indeed, some might find your affectation pompous.”

“Indeed, you say?” I reply, my lip curling in a snarl. Behind the speakers I could see Herr Sonndheim, watching me yet again.

“Unless, of course, you have a more interesting reason for keeping your hands covered in polite company?”

There is no question about what is meant by this. Everyone knows that object readers must wear their gloves or risk overload and madness, and I am not listed as an object reader. If I were discovered to be one, the repercussions would be dire: one does not lie to Esset, and withholding a personal secret is considered lying.

I ask my honored guests for their indulgence and proceed to strip off my right glove. With an air of impatience at such a petty interruption, I slam my palm flat against the wall. “Satisfied?”

My life depends on my maintaining an annoyed and haughty mask in spite of the agony burning through my arm. My accusers must watch my face, not my hand; if they notice that I kept my fingers from making contact with the stone, they will know I am bluffing.

No one speaks. Sonndheim himself is frowning as though trying to puzzle out just how he has made such a crucial mistake.

Keeping that same impatient air, I pull my hand back from the wall and inspect my palm for dirt. I draw a handkerchief from my pocket, wipe at my soiled hand, and slip the glove back on with a highborn grimace.

The show is over, and I keep my life.]

And now I realized the truth: he had known. Though he couldn’t seem to decipher the trick, he knew I’d somehow gotten around that trap without proving my innocence at all.

I could order Garrick or Mendez to deal with the mirror, but I needed them to find out about that corpse. Besides, I didn’t want them to suspect my hidden gift; keeping secrets from Esset meant keeping them from friends as well.

But more even than that: if there was something in behind that mirror, it belonged to me, and I was not about to allow anyone else to intercept it.

I took as deep a breath as I could manage and reached for the mirror frame.

Painlustdreadterrorclimax– my hand jerked away from the gilded wood as if it had been electrocuted. Sweat beaded on my upper lip, trickled down to tease my tongue with salt. I glanced at my cohorts. They had gotten the manacle unhooked from the bed, and now proceeded to methodically search the room, starting with the bed and closet. I had maybe five minutes before they wondered what was taking me so long.

Steeling my nerve, I reached up and grasped the mirror firmly at either side. Coldburningbloodcomescreambegpleadwhisper – something inside of me threatened to shake loose if I didn’t break contact.

I concentrated on lifting the mirror from the wall, wondering for a moment why I didn’t just use my authorized talent instead of my vulnerable hands. “The son of a bitch challenged me,” I growled at myself in reply.

Ignoring the pain and the sweat and the fear, I lifted the frame clear of its wall mount. Impossible sensations swarmed through my nerves, causing me to nearly drop the damned mirror as the past infringed on my existence, superimposing others’ lives upon mine.

For a quarter of a century, this mirror had faced his bed, borne silent witness to his depravity. For one terrible moment I was possessed by a thousand screaming boys, and by the memory of Erich Sonndheim.

“You idiot, that thing must weigh a ton!” Garrick took hold of the frame and guided it to the floor. I followed his lead with a powerful numbness of the soul.

He regarded me with concern and said, “You look like you pulled something. Are you all right?”

I nodded, allowing my hands to slip free from the wood. “Damn heavy,” I whispered, trying to forget.

The dead do not forget…

“What possessed you to take that thing down, anyway?” Mendez asked, joining us by the bureau.

At his choice of words, that wild laughter threatened to come up again, and again I forced it back. Possessed indeed. Now it didn’t matter so much what they found or what I found, I just wanted to get the hell out of there. “I thought I saw something, behind the glass. There, where the silver’s gone thin.”

Mendez produced a multi-function pocket knife and tipped the frame forward. With an injunction for us to hold the pane when it came free, he set about separating the frame from the glass. As easily as if he did this for a living, he undid the tiny screws holding the mirror back in place, then tugged the frame loose.

Garrick propped up the glass while I reached between it and the frame. The lower right corner of the mirror had indeed lost some of its coating, and my hand showed through ghostly pale as my fingers closed on a thin sheaf of papers. I had to peel them from where they’d stuck to the glass, creating a Rorschach image: half in reverse in the mirror and half in a random spackling of tin upon the page.

As my comrades moved the unwieldy mirror and frame safely out of the way, I stared at the pages in my still-bare hand. Laughtertriumphsatisfactionhatredhatredlust – all in Erich Sonndheim’s handwriting.

“If you are reading this, then it seems that I may have underestimated you, Kort old man. Congratulations.”

A/N:

About that mirror… Until the early 1900’s, mirrors were made by coating a pane of glass with a thin sheet of tin-mercury amalgam. Over time, the mercury evaporates and the whole reflective coating breaks down, leaving bald spots or blotches, usually discolored or foggy.

Oh, and 20 kilograms is about 45 pounds – not easy to wrestle with a large fragile item and not draw attention to oneself. Especially while wearing crisp cotton gloves.

Clearly Konnor did not know the #1 survival rule for situations involving creepy antique artifacts: Leave It The Fuck Alone. Glowing sword? LITFA! Pretty jewel lit from within? LITFA! Your mortal enemy’s old antique mirror? (Think, man! Mirrors capture the soul!) LITFA!

Oh, that’s right – too late on that one, Kort old man.

(Okay, another surreal Microsoft Word moment. I wanted to make sure I was using the right word, so I highlighted “abattoir” and selected “Thesaurus” from the menu. Imagine my surprise when it gave me these options for replacing the unrecognized word: a barrel of laughs, a barrel of monkeys, abase, abase yourself, abased, abases, abash, abashed, abasing, abate, abated, abates, abating, abbreviate, abbreviated, abbreviates, abbreviating, abbreviation, abbreviations, ABC, abdicate, abdicated, abdicates, abdicating, abdication, and abdications)