Hi my name is Rahul I am 21 years old 6 feet Tall well built I am a MBA student and my Didi is 4 years elder to me her name is Smitha she is 25 years old and is working in a Play school as a teacher.

Today I am going to narrate a story of my first time sexual experience with my Didi. It started 3 years ago when I was 19 years old and my Didi was 22 years old.

Before I actually start narrating the incident I want to tell you that I belong to a middle class family where both our parents are working in a Bank and are out from morning to evening for their office.

I am a footballer of my college team and was bed ridden due to a fracture in my leg which I sustained in an inter-college football match and so my parents had arranged for a nurse to take care of me who would come once in a day to give me medicines clean my bruises and also give me a sponge bath.

This nurse was not going to come for some reason for a couple of days and so my parents tasked my Didi for the same what the nurse used to do. Those days my Didi was in her final year of college and used to be free by 12 pm after her college lectures.

My Didi was ok with it and she used to give me medicines and clean my bruises but did not gave a sponge bath to me on the initial three days on the fourth day after she came from college she gave me medicines and went to the other room. I was waiting that she will clean my wounds, bruises on my back and on my hand.

She came to the room again with a bucket of water and a sponge in her hand and said that she will clean me as I haven't taken any bath for past two to three days. She then started moving the wet sponge on my face, on my chest and then on my legs.

Oh I forgot to mention one thing that I was laying on the bed only in my underwear as my Didi had removed my shorts and t-shirt before she started sponging me.

The time my Didi was moving the wet sponge on my thighs I was feeling very unusual and was getting an erection I was feeling ashamed for the same but was not able to control it. My Didi noticed it and asked me:

Didi : Rahul what is this for (looking at the bulge which was formed under my Undies) I was left speechless and I just closed my eyes and did not answered to my Didis question.

And then she moved her hand on my underwear and suddenly pulled my cock out of the underwear, I was shocked by her action I did not open my eyes and my body almost got freezed completely motionless I was feeling that my mussels were getting tighter and tighter.

My Didi was holding my cock in her hand and was pressing it and this made me nervous at the same time I was enjoying the touch of a women but the relation between us was coming in my mind.  My cock was getting hard and again getting lump in her hand. Then my Didi said to me:

Didi: Rahul you have a good size, my young brother has become enough big to make a women cry on her first time.
Her talks were making me feel more and more horny, my mind was going crazy and my cock grew to its fullest size in her hand,

She said:
Didi: "Rahul I can give you all the happiness what a man wants in life form a women, provided you keep this as a secret and don't tell it to our parents or to any other relatives and friends".

My eyes were still closed I was not able to speak a word and I just nodded my head to say yes. My Didi then moved her hands on my cock for a while and started masturbating me I was enjoying it. I wanted to see it but was feeling afraid and ashamed too.

Then I felt something wet and warm on my cock it was the same what was in my mind, my Didi had started sucking my cock she did it with care I was enjoying it I was in heaven.

Her tongue was moving on my cock and at times she was licking my balls her mouth strokes were getting faster by then I had opened my eyes and was seeing my own sister sucking my cock.

Now I was moving my hand on my Didis breasts and was trying to pinch her nipples. She stopped sucking me for a moment and removed her t-shirt and her white bra wow that was an amazing scene. Her bare breasts were in front of me.

Big black nipples which were erect by now and her tits measuring 4 inches diameter, breast size approximately 34 and I was now squeezing her breasts and again she continued sucking me she must have sucked me for more than 7 to 8 minutes and I exploded my cum in her mouth.

My Didi drank all my sticky semen which erupted from my cock I was feeling very ashamed and was having a kind of guilt in my mind but my Didi told me that this is normal and this will make both happy and satisfied without involving anyone from outside.

Somehow she was able to convince me and I think even I wanted it to happen but was afraid just considering our relation then she removed her skirt and panties ohhhh my god I saw a real cunt for the first time in life it
was clean shaved and looked as if it had a silky touch now she was completely nude in front of me.

My Didi again started sucking my cock and this time it was 69 she was on me taking my cock in her mouth and I was licking her cunt this was giving pleasure to her also as she was giving jerks from her waist. I was licking her clit biting, pinching her labia and fingering her wet love hole.

After a long licking and sucking session she tried to sit on my cock taking it in her cunt but I was not able to penetrate as my leg was in pain and I had already exerted my leg a lot in the last 1 hour. So for next 1 month till the time the plaster of my leg was not removed we enjoyed by sucking and licking.

She used to lick my balls suck my cock dry to the last drop and I used to lick her cunt finger it, suck her nipples and play with her breasts.

And then the day came when my leg was out of plaster and we had a wild intercourse. That day I must have banged her cunt more then 6 to 7 times in just 8 hours. while speaking to her during entering her love hole and I learnt that she had lost her virginity a year back to her ex boyfriend.

After a few days we tried anal sex and the time when I fucked my Didis ass for the first time and she was yelling and screaming in pain her nails were scratching my arms and shoulders

She said to me:
Didi : "Rahul you have raped your Didis ass with your 7" hard cock you have split my ass I will die if you do not remove it".

But after some time she enjoyed losing her anal virginity to this 7" hard cock of her younger brother. Since then we are having a nice time satisfying each other, fucking in all positions and in all holes. I love to bang her tight ass and make her sit on my cock she likes to suck my cock and loves the way and I suck her nipples and lick her cunt.
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty with you!

