Harry put a hand against Snape's chest and gently shoved the Potions master onto his back. Ignoring an irate glare, Harry rested his head on Snape's thigh and began idly plucking at the coarse black hairs dusted over its surface with one hand, while the other stroked Snape's cock in a desultory manner.

"You're actually trying to drive me mad, aren't you, Sir?"

"What? Oh, no, sorry." Harry gave a half-hearted lick down the length of Snape's shaft, still toying with the sparse thigh hairs.

"If it wasn't for the effects of that dratted potion, I'd smack you clear across the room, Sir!"

"Damn. If you can say something like that, the potion must be wearing off. I'd better get a move on if I want to have any more fun." Harry found a gray hair among Snape's otherwise iron-black pubic curls, and yanked it out.

"You beastly little toad! That hurt! If you don't want me actively fighting the effects of the potion, I suggest you stop torturing me and come up with some activity that encourages my submissive side, not inflames the part of me that wishes you had never been born!"

"It's nice to know you have a submissive side. I'm sure nobody at Hogwarts would credit it."

"Don't be ridiculous, Potter. I spent half my life bowing and scraping to an evil Dark Lord and the other half of it catering to the every whim of a meddling, demented old man. Of course I have a submissive side." Snape's lips curled up in something that could be mistaken for a smile.

"Stop that this instant, Harry!" Snape snapped as Harry pulled yet another gray hair from his groin.

"I've got an idea!"

"Fabulous. I can hardly wait," Snape drawled.

"Oi! A little less sarcasm, if you please." Harry patted the head of Snape's cock gently, causing the older man to moan. Harry grinned. "Hold that thought, Snapester. I'll be right back."

Harry scrambled over Snape and off the bed. "And add some submissive thoughts to it, while you're at it. I think you'll quite enjoy what I have in mind if you maintain a properly submissive attitude."

"Lumos!" Harry said, holding his wand aloft as he stepped out into the darkened hallway. "Well, here's hoping I saw what I thought I saw," he muttered to himself as he walked back to the bathroom where he and Snape had so recently… "Better stop thinking that way for the moment or I'll forget what I'm doing."

A tremendous grin split his face as he espied the required objects laying on the edge of the sink. He picked up a small bowl, prodded the contents, and held it under the tap for a second. Gathering up the other items he needed, he headed back to the bedroom.

Harry stood in the doorway, wiping drool off his lips as he looked at Snape. The professor was propped up against several pillows, eyes closed, knees splayed as far as they would go, and soles of his feet touching. His left hand was curled around his hard, thick cock while his right hand twisted a nipple in a manner that made Harry wince.

"Are you planning on standing there gawking all night, or are you going to join me?"

"Your notion of submissive doesn't exactly coincide with mine." A worried look passed over Harry's face. He really hoped the potion wasn't wearing off.

"Well, you weren't here, so I decided to submit to myself." Snape's lips quirked up again.

Harry crossed the room and spilled the items he had taken from the bathroom onto the bedside table. Snape opened his eyes lazily and then sat bolt upright as he saw what Harry had brought.

"If you think for one minute…"

"If you'd stop thinking for one minute…"

"You could cause serious damage…"

"I could. That's part of the fun."

"You have the most peculiar notions of fun."

Harry gestured at Snape's cock, which was, although it hardly seemed possible, continuing to lengthen and thicken. "Looks like I'm not the only one with peculiar notions of fun. Sit back and relax, Severus. If you keep twitching like that, this could end rather badly."

"Surely you're not intending…"

"Yes, I am. I find the whole idea very stimulating." Harry wrapped a hand around his own reawakening cock and waggled it at Snape. "Little Harry, Junior is done with his nap and will soon want to go spelunking, but first…"

Harry stopped speaking and picked up the small bowl and a short, stubby brush. Snape eyed the younger man warily as he swirled the brush around in the bowl and then raised it up, covered with thick foam.

"Really, you'd better just sit back and relax, Snape. We'll be done before you know it."

"Yes, Sir," Snape said weakly, and then bit his own tongue in frustration.

"Good man."

Harry sat on the edge of the bed and, putting his hand down on Snape's far side, rested his weight on it. His other hand still held the brush. Tentatively he dabbed it against the top of the triangle of Snape's pubic hair.

Snape shivered, giggled, and then glared. "If you tickle me, I won't be able to hold still. If you're going to do this, use a firm hand."

"So, you can direct but not initiate?" Harry sighed. "Pushy bottoms."

He dipped the brush again and brought it back to Snape's crotch, quickly covering the black hair with foam. "Spread your legs."

"You're not…"

"Yes, I am. Spread your legs."

Snape sighed and complied. He pulled his cock back so it rested against his belly, covering one side of it with shaving cream as he did so.

Harry licked his lips and leered at his professor before applying foam to the balls resting against the mattress. "Lift these up as well, will you? We've still got a bit to go."

Snape worried his lower lip between his teeth in agitation, but did as requested. He moaned softly as Harry pushed the brush into his cleft, stroking up and down and then circling around his entrance. Harry dipped the brush into the shaving cream and then made sure that every bit of hair on Snape's nether regions was covered.

"Ah, ah! None of that," Harry said as he caught Snape starting to stroke his tumescent cock. "You like this, don't you, Severus."

Snape's only response was a soft whimper. Harry put the brush into the bowl and set the works back on the table. He picked up a very old and dangerous looking straight razor.

"Looks like this should be cleaned up a bit. Do the honours, would you? I've got shaving cream all over my wand hand."

Snape stretched out his hand and picked up Harry's wand. "Scourgify!" he muttered.

Harry watched in relief as the spell cleaned away accumulated rust spots and left the blade of the razor shiny and clean. He held it up for Snape's inspection, moving it back and forth so it caught the candlelight and gleamed. A look of panic flittered across Snape's face and then receded as he took several deep breaths.

"I would suggest you stay hard and don't move," Harry said. His tone was soft but edged with something dangerous.

Harry maneuvered his body on the bed so that he was on his elbows between Snape's splayed knees. Using the hand that was already covered with white foam, he pulled Snape's arse-cheeks apart. "Ready?"

"Yes, Sir." Snape took a deep breath and held it as the cold metal of the straight razor touched his skin. "Be careful, please," he begged.

"I'll be careful, Severus. I'll be very careful." For a moment neither Harry nor Snape breathed. Their concentration was so intense the sounds of the raging storm were completely blocked out, but both could hear the rasp of the blade as it passed over delicate skin and coarse hairs.

Harry pulled the razor away and wiped it on the bedcover. "Take a breath while you have the chance."

Snape sucked in several shuddering breathes before Harry touched his knee softly. "Hold still."

Harry watched in fascination as the gleaming blade swiped another path through the thick, white foam. Every two or three strokes he wiped the accumulation of cream and bristly hairs off the razor. Snape gasped as the first stroke brushed across his puckered hole, fighting himself to remain deathly still.

"I had no idea this would be so hot, Snape. Do you like it? Are you still hard?"

"Hard and extremely nervous, Sir."

"Don't be nervous. This isn't the first time I've done this. Well, it's the first time I've done this but it's not the first time I've used a straight razor. Sirius used one. He taught me."

"Wonderful. My life and my genitals in the hands of an idiot trained by a lunatic. I feel ever so confident."

Harry laughed. "I'm really getting the hang of it. It'll be quicker now." He made a couple of quick swipes over Snape's entrance again.

"Please," Snape said fervently, "don't hurry on my account."

Harry laughed. "We're done with that part." He sat up on his heels and reached for the damp towel he had brought with him from the bathroom. He wiped his hands. "Give me my wand, will you?"

He took the proffered wand and said, "Calefacto!" Wisps of steam rose from the towel. Harry bent back down between Snape's legs and gently wiped his cleft. Snape sighed with pleasure.

Using both hands to hold Snape's cheeks apart, Harry slowly circled his tongue around Snape's hole.

"Fuck! Don't stop!"

"So smooth. That's amazing." Harry licked up and down the cleft, enjoying the silky smooth feeling, the absence of the usual prickly hairs.

"Amazing doesn't even begin to describe it," Snape moaned in abandon as Harry continued to tongue him.

"Well," Harry said regretfully, "enough of that. We've got a ways to go yet."

"Bastard," Snape muttered. "Can't we just leave the rest till later? I promise I'll let you finish some other time."

"It's not that I don't trust you, Severus, but I don't trust you. I think we should finish now and then we can really have some fun."

"If I don't die from frustration first."

Harry picked up the bowl and his wand again. "Ebullio!" The foam in the bowl bubbled up. He dipped the brush again and reapplied a thick coat of shaving cream to the heavy balls.

"Still hard? Touch yourself, Severus. Stroke yourself until you're almost ready to come. I want your balls nice and tight for this next bit."

"Oh fuck," Snape breathed. Harry's gaze locked onto the sight of Severus' hand working his cock. He licked his lips, wanting to forget all about the shave, wanting to fasten his lips around the gleaming purple glans.

"Don't come!" Harry ordered. "Just to that point and no further. You don't want me working this around your balls while the skin's all shriveled, do you?"

Harry watched as Snape's balls tightened and seemed to be trying to shrink back into his body. "That's enough. Stop!"

"Fuck!" Snape bellowed. "You're a monster, Potter!"

Harry chuckled. Carefully lifting both balls in one hand, he pulled them gently away from Snape's body and made a quick swipe with the razor. He could hear Snape's shallow panting above him. "OK, Severus?"

"Yes, hurry, damn you! No! Don't hurry!"

With quick, short strokes, Harry shaved the underside of Snape's balls being very careful not to nick him. With an evil little grin, he flipped the razor over in his hand and dragged the back end firmly across the taut flesh. Snape roared and bucked his hips.

"Shhh. Shhh. You're fine. Settle down or I'll hurt you. Almost done." Using the sharp side of the blade again, he slowly followed the curve of the balls down one side and up the other.

"Harry," Snape gasped, "please! I can't…"

Harry quickly pulled the razor back and tugged sharply on the now naked balls, twisting them slightly. "Not yet," he commanded. "Hold on just a little longer. We're almost done. Really."

Snape cursed bitterly but slowly his hips stopped moving. He groaned as Harry wrapped a foamy hand around his cock and pulled it down between his legs.

Harry wiped the razor on the towel again and then held it up at an angle. The gleaming metal caught the candlelight and flashed wickedly. He smiled as he watched Snape biting his lip. "Still nervous, Snape?" He asked. A sharp intake of breath was the only response. Ignoring the foam, Harry swiped his tongue across the weeping tip of Snape's cock, again momentarily tempted to abandon the shaving.

"Harry…" Snape warned.

"Mmm. Sorry."

It took only a few more strokes before Snape was completely denuded. The professor's hands were clenched in the bedclothes and his breathing was ragged and shallow. Warming the towel again, Harry wiped off the last traces of foam, delighting in Snape's groans of pleasure.

Stretching out flat between Snape's legs, Harry cupped the naked balls and started to tongue them. The feeling of the smooth, hairless flesh against his lips was impossibly sexy. He couldn't even begin to imagine how Snape felt.

Something between a whine and a whimper filled the air. Harry licked and sucked at the now smooth balls, and then lapped his way up Snape's naked shaft. "Let go, Snape. Come now."

Snape screamed as in one desperate lunge, Harry engulfed his cock. Relaxing his throat, Harry took it all the way in until his lips pressed against a silky smooth groin. His own moans were as loud as Snape's now. Once. Twice. Snape bucked up, driving himself as deep as he could into the throat that was milking his shaft. After the prolonged period of restraint, that was all it took and he shot his come straight into Harry's gut.

Harry swallowed again and again, rippling his throat muscles around Snape's cock, drinking in everything until there was nothing left. With a groan, he disengaged himself. He wiped his mouth delicately on Snape's thigh.

"Harry," Snape whispered. "Fuck, Harry."

Harry ran his hand all around the naked cock and balls, delighting in the feel of the hairless flesh under his palm. He raised his head and looked at what he was stroking.

"Damn, Severus. You look good this way. Everything visible. All mine. Naked. Vulnerable. All mine. How does it feel to you?"

There was no answer. Harry looked up at Snape. "Severus?" A soft snort and then the sound of quiet snoring. Harry laughed. He pulled himself up the bed a little, rested his head on Snape's gently rising and falling belly, curled his hand protectively around the sleeping man's naked groin, and closed his own eyes.