
THE MEASURE OF MAN

An Epic by Gil Gamesh

Chapter Sixty-Five


As for you, Gilgamesh, fill your belly with good things; day and night, night and day, dance and be merry, feast and rejoice. Let your clothes be fresh, bathe yourself in water, cherish the little child that holds your hand, and make your wife happy in your embrace; for this too is the measure of man.


CAST OF CHARACTERS:
Kieran Connor Stuart, 49; Siobhan (Kelly) Stuart, 48; Alannah Niamh Stuart, 4

Kavan Kelly Stuart, 22; Kathryn (Jenssen) Stuart, 23

Brad Alan Weaver, 22; Arial Erin (Stuart) Weaver, 21

Kerry Lee Stuart, 17; Tara Wingard, 17

Stuart Andersen, 31; Joanne Andersen, 29; Paul Andersen, 9; Kieran Lee Andersen, 5 

Luke Bridges, 30; Rachael Bridges, 31; Adrianna Bridges, 8; James Connor Bridges, 5 

TELLING THE STORY
Kerry Stuart

<><><>

(KERRY)

Kieran was in bed, propped up on pillows, reading a book, when Siobhan and I went in their bedroom. His legs were together, ankles crossed, with his dick resting peacefully on his balls. He took off his reading glasses and put them and the book down on the nightstand.  Siobhan turned loose of my hand and started toward their bathroom.

Well? he asked. It was clearly a question.

You win, Siobhan said, and went in their bathroom. 

Hot damn, Kieran said. I knew he wouldnt.

I didnt know what they were talking about but it was clear that theyd been betting on something I would or wouldnt do. Then it hit me and I knew.

What are you two betting on? I asked.

Kieran bet me I wouldnt be able to get your dick in my pussy, Siobhan said in a loud voice from somewhere in the bathroom. He said youd promised him you wouldnt do that tonight. Youre going to have to wait until next weekend when we go play with the Bridges.

I told you, Siobhan, Kieran said. I know what sort of character hes developed. I trust him. When he says he will or wont do something and shakes my hand, I can always trust him.

I felt a little flash of anger and then something that hurt. Had she been faking everything with me just to win a bet? I walked over to the bathroom so I could see her. She was brushing her hair, her wild beautiful red hair. I took a few seconds to enjoy the view from her reflected front and from the rear. She turned and looked at me.

Just tell me one thing, Siobhan. Were you faking it with me, just pretending you wanted me to fuck you? I knew she could tell from my face and my voice that I was serious and a little angry.

She put down her brush and walked up to me. I looked down at her, her blue-gray-green Irish eyes shining, the splattering of freckles across her forehead and cheeks and nose, her lips red without lipstick, her mouth puckered in the little rabbit kiss Id seen all my life, all framed with a damp tangle of red hair. She pulled my head down and gave me a quick kiss on my lips.

No, Kerry, she said, softly and earnestly. I wasnt faking anything. Everything I did with you was real.

I turned and looked at Kieran. I wanted to see how he reacted to that.

Dont be angry with us, Kerry, he said. You can play with us tonight and wait until next weekend to get your dick in Siobhan. Ill even bet youll get it in two women that night.

Siobhan went back in the bathroom and started brushing her hair again. Thats no bet, Kieran. Thats a sure thing. I called Rachael this afternoon and told her we wanted to bring Kerry and what we wanted to do. She said shed help me with him. Luke said bring him in case you couldnt get it up. 

Kieran threw a pillow into the bathroom. She closed the door and I heard her laughing and then the lock being turned.

Ive got to pee and finish drying my hair, she yelled through the closed door. You two can start without me.

Kieran jumped off the bed and started down the hallway. Come on, he said. I followed him down the hall and into the bathroom, the one Arial and I once shared, between Alannahs bedroom and the guest bedroom. He shut the door, picked up something white on the counter, and handed it to me. I looked and saw that hed handed me briefs that I recognized as mine. He turned back to the counter and picked up something that looked identical.

Well, putem on, he urged, and stepped into his. His dick was swollen but soft. He reached down in his briefs and centered it, bent down over his balls.

I asked What for? and then did as he told me. My dick had been hard when I went in the bedroom with Siobhan. It had drooped when Id gotten angry about their bet. It was soft enough so I could bend it down over my balls like his. I pulled my briefs up and then adjusted my dick and balls so they were comfortable.

He turned to face the mirror, appraised the way his package looked, tugged under his balls, sucked in his stomach, and pushed his pelvis out a little. I followed his example. He looked at my reflection, reached over, cupped his fingers between my legs, and tugged my balls upward. I pushed my pelvis forward like his, pulled in my stomach muscles, tightened them, and popped up my six-pack. He looked at his reflection and them at mine. So did I. He couldnt suck in his stomach like me but I knew he weighed thirty pounds more than me. He still looked damn good.

Well, what do you think? he asked, grinning at me.

I think youre sexy as hell for an old man, Kieran, I answered, but why the fuck are we doing this?

Just listen! Dont ask questions! he said. Were going to put on some white socks and then get in bed side by side. When she comes out, I want you to ask her if she wants to go shoot some hoops.

Shoot some hoops? I didnt ask any questions but I wondered what sort of game we were playing and I knew it wasnt shooting hoops.

We went back to their bedroom and he went in their walk-in closet. I could hear the blow dryer going in the bathroom. I crawled up on the bed and lay down. When he came back out, he threw me a pair of white socks, crawled up beside me, and we both put on white athletic socks.

Now, listen, he said, your name is Jason, and youre thirteen-years old! Im your identical twin brothererJerry! Youre gonna ask her if she wants to go shoot some hoops with us! Got it?

I had it. I didnt know what the fuck I had but I had it. He moved closer to me until we were side-by-side. He spread his legs a little, reached down between his legs, pulled upward again, and then crossed his ankles. He already had a basket as good as mine. I couldnt tell hed improved it. I followed his example again. He looked down at my briefs and then at his. He put his hands together on his stomach and I did too.

Youre Jason; Im Jerry, he said. Were identical twins, thirteen-years old. Were both virgins. Ask her to go shoot some hoops with us. After that, wing it any way you want to. Ill help. Just dont fuck up and call me Kieran, OK?

Yeah, I got it. Fuck you, bro, I said, grinning like I really was thirteen-years old. Ive got enough sense not to fuck up whatever the fuck were doing.

Well, fuck you too, bro, he said, grinning like another thirteen-year-old boy. I dont know what the fuck were doing. Were just gonna have a little fucking fun.

What were my briefs doing in the bathroom? I asked, changing into a little-older and more-serious voice.

I got them out of your laundry basket that you were supposed to put away the first of the week, he said. I had forgotten again. 

The bathroom door opened and she came out, still naked. She stopped when she saw us and stood there smiling and looking from Kieran-Jerry to me. Im Jason, I said to myself, Jason. 
 
Would you like to go shoot some hoops with us? I asked her, trying to sound like a thirteen-year-old boy.

She grinned and looked at Kieran-Jerry and then at me.

Whore you? she asked. And whos he?

Im Jason, I said. Hes my identical-twin brother, Jerry. Were thirteen-years old. Want to shoot some hoops with us?

She walked around to the foot of the bed and stood looking at us, faces and crotches, back and forth. We both lay there with our hands together on our stomach.

Basketball? she asked.

Yeah, Kieran said.

Wheres your basketball, Jerry?

Under the bed, he said, trying to sound like another thirteen-year-old boy. Ill get it out if you want to play...with us

Are you good at shootinghoops, Jason? she asked.

Yeah, Im real good, I said. I sucked in my stomach and pushed my pelvis up so she couldnt help but look at my package.

Id love to playwith yourbasketsand ballsand bats, Siobhan whispered, looking directly at my face and grinning at me.

I almost cracked but I struggled and managed to keep a straight face. She crawled up on the bed, pushed my legs apart, then Kierans, and moved closer until she could reach both of our baskets. She sat down straddling my right leg and Kierans left. I didnt understand everything but I understood enough.

She leaned over, put one hand on me and the other on Kieran, moved her hand around, cupped her fingers under my balls, and then traced the shape of my dick. I felt an instant surge as it began to stiffen. I glanced at Kieran and I could see he was responding the same way. He still had his hands together on his stomach. I looked down at the red patch of curls on her mound. The way she was sitting I couldnt see anything but hair.

I like little boys in white briefs and socks, she whispered, like a little girl. I like to play with them.

I clenched my teeth and struggled to stay still while she played. My dick was curved around against my balls, trying to get hard, and was getting uncomfortable at being restrained. I slid my hand down inside my briefs and straightened it up against my stomach. I deliberately left the tip of the head sticking out of the waistband. Kieran looked at me, grinned, followed my lead, and left the tip of his dick sticking out. Siobhan just watched and then put one palm down on my dick and the other on Kierans.

Are you two sure youre onlylikethirteen? she asked. These things under my handstheyrelike awfully big and hard. What do you want to do with them?

She leaned back, put her hands behind her, one on my leg and the other on Kierans, and tilted her pelvis. I could see the same thing Id seen earlier at the pool, her vulva with its surround of flaming red hair. It had been casual then, just the same as Id seen it as long as I could remember, sort of closed up and private. This time I knew she was deliberately showing it to me and it was already opened up a little. I could see the darker red inside the little pink lips and the mound on each side. It looked good enough to eat. It looked good enough to fuck. Maybe both.

I cupped my right hand under her vulva and used my middle finger to find the opening to her vagina. I didnt have to search; I just pushed once and my finger slid into her. I slid it in as far as I could and wiggled it around and around in her hot juicy flesh. I looked at her face and then over at Kierans. He was looking at where I had my hand.

I pulled my finger out, held it up in front of my face, and looked at it. It was all wet and glistening. I looked at Kieran and saw that he was watching me. I opened my mouth, started to put my finger in it, and then changed my mind. I held it over to Kieran. He smelled it and then took it in his mouth and sucked on it. I looked at Siobhan; she was watching us. I pulled my finger out of his mouth, stuck my hand between her legs and my finger back into her pussy. I pulled it out, brought it to mouth, smelled it, and sucked it clean.

Damn, I didnt know a girls pussy would smell and taste so good, I whispered. It makes my little dick ache.

We both lay there, letting her play with us and taking turns finger-fucking her. My dick was hard as a ball bat and sticking its head all the way out of my briefs. I checked Kieran and his was the same. I was ready for some hands-on experience.

I lifted my hips off the bed and pushed my briefs down a little. She moved off my leg, leaned over, and pulled them down to my ankles. I lifted one leg and then the other and she pulled them off and dropped them between Kieran-Jerry and me. She moved off Jerrys leg, stripped off his briefs, and dropped them on top of mine. Finally she moved back in her original position, straddling one leg of each of us. She picked up our briefs and held them up to her face. I listened as she took a few deep breaths. Finally she threw them to one side.

Damn, I love the way a boys dick and balls smell, she whispered. It makes my pussy drool.

She wrapped her hands around two dicks, pointed them both at the ceiling, and then slid her hands downward, pulling my foreskin down until it was stretched painfully tight. I felt another surge of blood into my dick and the head turned redder. I looked at Kierans dick and shed done him the same way. Our dicks looked identical but I knew they werent. His was straight and mine had a little curve. 

What do you want me to do, Jason? she whispered.

I decided to go for it. Suck my dick!

And you, Jerry, what do you want?

What Jason wants, Kieran-Jerry said. Do me too! 

Will you both lick my pussy if I do? she whispered.

Yeah! We both said it at the same time.

She leaned over me, took the head of my dick in her mouth, and started sucking on it. She slid her lips and tongue up and down some, then sucked on the head, slowly and gently, and then jacked me some. Then she leaned over and gave Jerry some of the same treatment. I wanted her to keep jacking me but I guess she couldnt coordinate it while she was sucking his dick. I put my hand over hers and slid it slowly up and down.

She stopped, pulled her hand away, straightened up, and looked from one of us to the other. I held my dick and waited for her to decide what she wanted to do. She did. She took my hand, pulled it over to Kieran-Jerry, and I curled my fingers around his dick. She took his hand, pulled it over to me, and he wrapped his fingers around mine. She smiled and nodded like she was satisfied and then leaned over and started sucking on the head of my dick again. When she pulled her mouth off my dick and started sucking Jerry, he started jacking me. When she returned to me, I returned the favor and we settled into a pattern. She sucked each of us in turn while we jacked the dick that wasnt being sucked.

After a few minutes, she nudged us apart and flopped down on her back between us. She put one leg over mine and the other over Kierans, and then put her hands down at her mound with her fingers on each side of her pussy.

Lick my pussy, she whispered. Eat me!

Go ahead, Jason, Kieran whispered. Ive never done it but Ill do it if you will.

Lets work our way down to it, Jerry, I whispered. Ive never done it either but I want to try it.

I leaned over and kissed her. I did it the way I like to do it with a woman, not the way Id always kissed her as my mother. I opened my mouth, stuck my tongue between her lips, put my hand on her breast, and caught the nipple between my thumb and finger. We probed back and forth for a minute or so while I played with the nipple until it was almost as hard as my dick. When I pulled back, I saw that Kieran-Jerry had his mouth on her other breast. I slid my hand over her stomach and started finger fucking her while he kept sucking. Then he put his hand down to her pussy too, I put my mouth back on her other breast, and we both sucked and finger-fucked for a while. I decided it was time to go muff diving.

I licked and kissed my way down to her navel, paused a little, and then licked my way down further. She spread her legs wider and lifted them. I moved between them, caught them behind her knees, and pushed them back. Kieran-Jerry stopped sucking for a second, put his arm behind both legs, and held her so that her knees were almost touching her breasts. I looked down and saw a pussy  no, a cunt - ready to be fucked. Damn, it did look good enough to eat first. 

I tried to be slow and tentative, like I didnt know what I was doing. I licked up the smooth inside of her thighs, deliberately avoiding her pussy. After a minute or so, she put her hands behind my head and pulled my face against it. I licked the little lips until they spread open wider, wet and glistening. Then on one side, I sucked her labia between my lips, caught one between my teeth, and gently tugged on it. She squirmed. I did the same on the other side and she squirmed some more. I licked and nibbled and sucked for a minute or so and then decided it was time for some tongue fucking.

I stiffened my tongue, stuck it as far into her vagina as possible, and then licked upward to her clitoris. I pulled back and looked at it, just barely out from under its hood, dark red and shining.

Is that the way Im supposed to do it? I whispered, looking up.

Kieran-Jerry was on his hands and knees beside her, leaned over her, with his face still at her breasts. She had one arm behind his head and the other underneath him, with her fingers wrapped around his dick, milking him down.

Yeah, Jerry, thats good, she whispered. Do it some more.

Im Jason, I answered.

Kieran took his mouth off her breast long enough to say, Im Jerry, and then started sucking again.

I shut my eyes and started tongue fucking and licking her again. After a minute or so, I felt a hand on my shoulder.

Come on, Jason, Kieran said. Let me do it too, OK, OK?

I moved up beside her while he took my place. I cupped my hand under one breast and found the nipple with my thumb and fore-finger then leaned over and looked directly in her eyes.

Did I do it good? I asked. Did you like it?

Yeah, she whispered. It was good, Jason. I liked it.

Ive got pussy-juice on my lips and in my mouth, I whispered. Is it still OK for me to kiss you.

She didnt say anything. She put her hand behind my head and pulled my face down to hers. That was answer enough. For a minute or so, she lay there, letting me kiss her, both of us open-mouthed, tongues moving in and out, I was beginning to fade into it when she stopped and pushed me away from her.

Kieran, youve got to stop, she whispered. Youre going to make me come if you keep doing that.

I looked down to see what he was doing. It was the same thing Id been doing. He was holding her legs up, splayed out, and his face was between them. His head was moving up and down as he tongue-fucked her and licked her pussy.

Im not Kieran, he whispered back. Im Jerry. I like doing it.

Fuck the fantasy, she said. I know who you are. Youre Kieran. Kerrys not Jason. You two are t0o fucking good at what youre doing to me. If Jason had got me this hot, hed have got his dick in me.

Who was Jason? I asked. Was he real, somebody you knew?

Yeah, he was real, she whispered breathlessly He was a boy I knew when I was thirteen. We were the same age. We were too scared to do it but we came damn close.

And you told Kieran about him?

Yeah, he told me about Allison and I told him about Jason. Down on his knees looking for his basketballhad on white briefs and socks, thats all. Thats why Ive always liked boys in white briefs.

But you want us to be Kieran and Kerry now, not Jason and Jerry?

Kieran, please stop, she whispered. I looked down again and saw Kieran was still slowly and gently licking her.

He stopped, crawled up on the other side of her, gave her a quick kiss, and then flopped on his back. His dick slapped down against his stomach and bounced up at an angle. It looked like it was as hot and hard as mine felt. I thought of something I wanted them to do. I didnt know whether they would or not but I decided to ask.

There was no Jerry, she continued. Jason didnt have a brother. I want Kieran and Kerry to play with me. Let me cool down for a minute and then you two can decide what you want to do with me. Just dont get in a hurry.

I leaned over her, gave her a quick kiss on the mouth with just a little touch of tongue, the way Arial had always teased me, then moved down and gave each of her big hard nipples a quick kiss with more tongue action. I rose up again and looked at her face. She was smiling at me. 

Would you and Kieran do something and just let me watch for a while? I asked. After that I know something I want to do with you while youre busy with him.

What?

You get on top of him and ride him. I want to sit in a chair at the foot of the bed and watch you two fucking.

And then what?

Youll like it, I answered. Trust me.

Yeah, trust him, Kieran said, from the other side of her. Sounds like fun to me. I dont care if he watches.

OK, she said. Just dont come from jacking off. I want to do something with you later.

What?

Youll like it, she answered. Trust me.

Lets give him a good show, Siobhan, Kieran said. Start off facing me and then turn around when youre ready. Let him see how it looks both ways.

She looked at me. Is that what you want? she asked.

I nodded. 

Kieran moved down to the foot of the bed so his knees were bent and his feet were on the floor. He stuffed a pillow behind his head and held out his hand to Siobhan. 

She crawled on top of him, held his dick up, rubbed the head between the lips of her pussy, notched it in place, and started working her way down on it. Kieran laid there with his eyes shut, hands behind his head, with a big grin on his face. I waited until I saw her red pubic hair meet his blond-brown hair and then got off the bed. I placed a chair a few feet from the end of the bed, sat down, leaned back, wrapped my hand around my cock, and watched the show. 

I know all women are different but Siobhan was unique. Her skin was milky or creamy and sprinkled with freckles, especially across her shoulders. The freckles faded out about her waist and her butt was just creamy white. Between her cheeks, everything was pink or red. I havent seen that many assholes but hers was sort of pink, not dark like most of the others. Arials was the only other one Id seen that was just as pink. The lips of her cunt, where they wrapped around Kierans cock, were pink too. Every time she slid down, they got pulled inside her cunt and out of sight. When she lifted up, the lips came back out, wrapped tight around his cock, like they didnt want to let it go. She had a patch of curly red hair on her mound but that thinned out on the big lips around her slit. There wasnt much hair around her asshole. 

Kierans balls looked just like mine or maybe it is mine that looked just like his. His were pink, now, almost red, instead of the light brown they usually are. I pulled mine from between my legs and looked and mine were as pink as his. Neither of us had much hair on our balls but his was thicker than mine. I sat there, watching them, stroking my dick, thinking nobody would be able, just by looking, to know if it was my dick in her instead of his. She probably wouldnt be able to feel any difference either. I could have sat there all night and watched them fucking. 

Siobhan was moving up and down very slowly on Kierans dick, easing up until I could see the big red head of his dick just barely inside her, and then down the slippery shining length until all of it was in her. I knew his dick was a little over seven inches long and about as big around as Siobhans wrist, about the same size as mine, and I still found it hard to believe she could take all of it inside her. I knew a womans vagina would stretch to accommodate dicks of all different sizes. I knew shed had four babies, including me, and we all stretched her a lot in coming out. But her pussy still looked like it was as tight around Kierans cock as if shed never had been fucked much. I wanted to get my dick in her, instead of Kieran getting his, and find out for myself how tight her cunt felt. But, shit, stupid me, Id promised!

Then I remembered Id promised not to try to get my dick in her pussy. That was all Id agreed with Kieran. I hadnt promised not to try to get my dick in her somewhere else. Shed already had it in her mouth. There was somewhere else I could stick it. There was her pink pucker an inch or so from where Kierans dick was in her. He had told me he had fucked her there once. Id done it with Rachael and a couple of other girls, one of whom really wanted me to do it. I guess it was OK but it wasnt really something I wanted to do. Id heard about two guys and a girl making a sandwich. Id seen it a few times in some porno shit Id downloaded. I sort of wanted to try it but at the same time I didnt want to. I wanted to fuck her but I didnt want to hurt her.

I decided to tease her with it to see what shed do. I moved Kierans legs together and put a knee on each side. Siobhan was still moving slowly up and down. I put my hands on her hips, leaned over, and poked her on one hip with the head of my dick. She looked over her shoulder at me.

What are you doing, Kerry? she asked.

Just seeing if we could make a fucking sandwich, I said. I wish you two could see what you look like when youre fucking. Im so fucking horny Ill take the fucking back hole. Kieran can have the fucking front cunt.

Kieran twisted to one side and saw where I was. I winked at him, hoping hed understand I was just teasing her. He winked back.

You cant do it without her fucking permission, Kerry, he said. If she says yeah, go get the fucking Vaseline. Its in the bottom right-hand drawer in the bathroom. Grease your fucking dick up good. 

Do you really want to do it, Kerry? she asked.

Yeah, youre fucking right I want to. Ive never done it before. I mean, Ive never been part of a fucking sandwich before. Id like to try it.

Are you sure you dont mind, Kieran? she asked. Ive never done it before either. Id love for you two to do it with me. I think it would be kind of nice to have both of you in me at once. I dont think Id want anybody else to do it but you two can if you want to.

Its your decision, Honey, he said. Tell him what you want him to do.

She looked back at me again. When you get the Vaseline, youve got to grease me up first. Put a big glob on my asshole and start with one finger. When you feel my sphincter relax, use two fingers. When you feel it relax again, try the head of your dick.

What if it hurts? I asked.

I dont know. If it hurts too much, Ill tell you. Just dont take it out. Be real gentle until Im used to it.

Has Kieran ever fucked you in the ass? I asked, already knowing the answer.

Once. Before you were born, she said. Now go get the fucking Vaseline.

I couldnt believe what she was saying. Id expected her to tell me to fuck off. She sounded like she really wanted us to do it. I didnt know what to do or say. I poked her a few more times, just barely touching her asshole with the head of my dick. I couldnt decide whether I really wanted to do it or not. I stood there with my dick in my hand, not knowing what to do. 

Oh, fuck it! I said. Are you just teasing me?

Youre the one who wants to do it, Kerry, she whispered. Go get the Vaseline and fuck me in the ass.

I gave up. I dont really want to. I was just teasing you. I dont want to hurt you.

Oh, who said it would hurt? she whispered. I can take two big dicks like yours and Kierans any day. When were with Luke and Rachael, he and Luke usually do it to either Rachael or me.

I knew she was just fooling with me. Kieran had already told me a little bit about what they did with Luke and Rachael. Hed told me that nobody got fucked in the ass and I believed him.

Well, lets just save it for a rainy day, I said. Ill just wait my turn to get my dick in the front door.

She giggled. She knew shed won whatever contest we were having.

Well, at least come join us in bed, she said. Maybe you could give Kieran a hand if he needs one.

Yeah, come join us, he said. I dont need any help yet but maybe you could think of something that Siobhan would like. You know, like what we were talking about this morning. You said you liked that.

I knew what he was talking about  eating stuffed pussy. I wanted to do that but Id been thinking about trying something else first. I didnt even know if it could be done because Id never heard of anybody else doing it. I decided to see if I could make it work.

I crawled on the bed, straddled Kierans chest, facing Siobhan, my butt toward his head. I put my hands under her breasts, lifted them, and bent over and sucked on her strawberries. Id heard Kieran call her nipples strawberries more than once and I could see why. 

She wrapped one hand around my dick, pulled my head to hers with the other, and opened her mouth to me. For a minute or so, we tried to capture each others tongue while she moved her pelvis around and around on Kierans dick and slid her hand back and forth on my dick. I tried to slide a couple of fingers between their bodies but she was pressed down on him too tight at first. When she leaned back a little, I could get my middle finger into the juicy area at the top of her slit and touch the shaft of Kierans dick. She started moving again and I could feel her pressing on the end of my finger.

Kieran put his hands on my hips and slid them around in front of me. He cupped one hand under my balls and wrapped the other around my dick.

Hey, Jason, he whispered, your dicks hard. Want me to jack you off?

Nah, Jerry, Ive got something I want to do with it first, I answered. I hope Siobhan likes it." 

Kieran slid his hands up to my ribs, goosed me enough to make me squirm, and then slapped me on the butt with his hand.

Well, I guess Ill just let you two play for a while, he said, pretending to yawn. Wake me up if you need my help.

I had something in mind but I didnt even know if Siobhan and I could arrange our long legs so it could be done. I leaned over and whispered in her ear, trying to get her to understand what I wanted her to do without telling her why.

She lifted up until Kierans dick came out and she was squatting over him instead of kneeling. I held his dick straight up while she slid down on it again, with her legs spread as wide as she could. I kept my knees on each side of Kieran, pressed my dick down flat against his lower abdomen, and hunched forward a couple of times. I felt the head of my dick touch the base of his, just where I wanted it. 

Siobhan wiggled around and up and down and I guess she understood what I had in mind. We both watched while she tried it. She lifted up off Kieran a few inches, slid back down, pushed her pelvis forward, and rubbed her clit against the head of my dick.

She looked up at me, grinned, put her hands on my shoulders, and then started riding.  She rode for a minute or two, slowly at first, and then faster and faster. I didnt know what Kieran was feeling but the head of my dick was rubbed by her slippery little button and I loved it. I started wondering who was going to come first: her, me, or maybe Kieran. I was getting close but I didnt want to be first. I wanted it to be her. I was almost glad when she stopped and just sat there, breathing heavily.

Kieran, I think Kerrys made up a new game for us to play, she whispered. Next weekend, he can teach Luke and Rachael how to do this. Ill bet shell love it. I do.

Fuck, I love it too, Kieran groaned. Why did you stop?

I was about to come, she whispered. Its so good. I want to make it last longer.

 Did you come, Kieran? I asked.

Uh uh, how about you?

No, but Im about as fucking close as Ive ever been, I said.

Let me catch my breath and Ill help you, Siobhan said.

Nah, not yet, I answered. Turn around facing the other direction. Im ready to see what I can do with a stuffed pussy.

She lifted up off Kieran, turned around facing the foot of the bed, knelt over his hips, held his dick straight up, and slid down on it again.

Go for it, Kerry, Kieran said. Next week, Ill let you stuff her. Shit, you can probably stuff Rachael too. Luke and I both like to eat stuffed pussy.

I moved down to the foot of the bed, pushed Kierans legs apart, knelt down between them, and took a little time just lo0king at where they were joined together.  Kierans balls were drawn up close to the base of his dick and I knew he was close to coming too. Siobhans inner lips were stretched tight around his dick. Just where her little ridge or shaft divided into the two lips, her clit, shiny and red as blood, was uncovered.

I remembered the last time Id eaten stuffed pussy, two of them about a year ago. Id spent a Saturday night next door with Brad and Arial and Kavan and Kathryn. The five of us had started playing around in Brad and Arials big king-size bed. Id eaten Arials pussy while Brad stuffed it and then had a second serving when Kavan stuffed Kathryn. I didnt get to be a stuffer that time either but I got sucked off a couple of times and I thought it was a good swap. 

I pushed Siobhan so that she leaned back over Kieran, exposing more of the shaft of his dick and making it easier to get my face between her legs. I wrapped one hand around my dick but I didnt dare to do anything with it. I was too close to coming. I just held it while I ate stuffed pussy.

Arial and Kathryn had tried to tell us three guys how it felt to have the lips of her pussy licked when they were stretched around a hard dick. Kathryn had said it was almost like an electrical shock when my tongue slid over her clitoris every time I licked up. Arial had said it felt like shed been licked to death when she came.

I tried to make it good for Siobhan, as good as I could without knowing what she was feeling. I started out slowly and gently at first, avoiding her clit, and just licking on each side of Kierans dick. Gradually I used more tongue pressure and made sure to give her clit a lick on each upstroke. After a minute or so, she put her hands on my shoulders and pressed me tighter against her and I concentrated my licking on her little nubbin. It was easy to tell when she came. She groaned and whimpered, squirmed around on Kierans dick like she was trying to break it off, and her breath sounded like shed been running a race. 

She kept her hands on my back, holding me in place, so I kept licking, just as slowly and gently as I could. Finally she pushed me away and I leaned back and looked up at her. Her eyes were still closed and she was still, just sitting on Kieran. He had his hands on her breasts with her nipples between a thumb and finger on each side. Finally she opened her eyes and smiled at me. 

Jason, you and Jerry make quite a fucking pair, she whispered. Are you sure you two have never done anything like this before?

She moved off Kieran, crawled to the head of the bed, and collapsed. Kieran moved up on one side of her and I crawled up on the other side. Kierans dick was still stiff and hard like mine and I could tell he hadnt come either. 

Would you two mind swapping blow-jobs? Siobhan whispered, lying there with her eyes closed. Im too tired to do anything else. Im going to sleep.

Kieran looked at me and shook his head. 

You can have a few minutes to relax, he said. Then youre going to get fucked. Since Kerry wont do it, I guess Ill have to. If he gets a fucking blow-job, youll have to do it.

We lay there, talking and kidding each other, until Siobhan decided she was ready for more. She got on her hands and knees, straddled my legs, with her head above my dick, and her ass up in the air. I put my hands behind my head and waited to see what she was going to do. Kieran moved around behind her, on his knees, put one hand in the middle of her back, and reached down behind her butt with the other. I couldnt see what he was doing but I could tell by looking at her face when he got his dick all the way in her.

Be slow and easy, Kieran, Siobhan moaned. I cant give Kerry his blow-job if youre trying to shove your big fucking dick up to my stomach.

He grinned at me and nodded. Well, youd better make sure Kerry comes before I do, he said. You know my dick will start thinking for itself after a while. I dont think he wants you sucking his dick when my fucking dick takes over.

Why the fuck not? I asked, grinning back at him.

She might bite your fucking dick off, he said. She goes wild when I fuck her from behind and shoot a big load in her fucking cunt.

Dont listen to him, Kerry, Siobhan said. I dont bitewell, not much anyway.  And you two quit saying fuck so much. Youve got me saying it too.

She didnt bite, not much anyway, and she did everything else. She sucked and licked and used her hand and played with my balls until I knew I wouldnt last much longer. I wanted to see what they looked like when Kieran was fucking her from behind.

Siobhan, would you turn around, you know, straddle my chest while youre sucking my dick, I asked.

She looked up at me. What do you want Kieran to do?

The same thing hes doing now, I whispered. I want him to straddle me while hes fucking you. I want to watch. Its so fucking hot when hes fucking you like that. I want to see you two doing it.

Siobhan reversed her position and straddled me with her butt up in the air and her head down at my dick. Her pussy, no her cunt, was all juicy looking and open and red. I knew I could come just looking at it while she sucked my cock.

Kieran straddled my chest too, almost my head, with his legs bent back under my arms, reached down, and guided his dick back into her. I didnt know whether Id be able to see them fucking when I suggested it. But it worked. Without a pillow under my head, I could look up and see Kierans big dick half buried in Siobhans cunt. 

I tried to get my arms out of the way by bending them back but that was uncomfortable, even when I had my hands clasped under my head. I decided to see if I could help Siobhan to enjoy being fucked. I reached under her with my hand turned so that I could touch her clit with my thumb. She was so wet that my thumb slid all over her clit when Kieran started thrusting into her again.

Damn, thats good, Kerry, she whispered.

You dont like what Im doing? Kieran asked.

I love it, Kieran, she whispered. I love your big dick splitting me wide open. Hes got his thumb on my clit. He must be your son the way hes thinking up new things to do.

I reached up with my left hand and held Kierans balls back a little so I could see better. When I looked above my head, I saw Kierans dick sliding in and almost out of Siobhans cunt. When I looked down toward my feet, I saw her sucking my cock.

 It was too much and Id been hot and hard for too long. I didnt give her a warning: I just let it happen. I dont know where the first squirt went but she swallowed once or maybe gagged, and then kept her head still and just used her hand until Id squirted everything out of my balls and into her mouth. When I was finished, she took her mouth off my dick, spit a few times on my stomach, and then swallowed again.

Damn, Kerry, you blew my fucking tonsils down my fucking throat, she groaned.

Kieran took that as his signal and started shoving his dick in hard. He held her by the hips so she couldnt move and slapped his thighs and stomach against her so hard that the shock waves made her breasts sway back and forth. I lay there and watched above my head while he reamed her out. Within a minute or so, he froze, pressed tight up against her ass. From the way he groaned, he was either dying or coming. 

When Kieran turned her loose, Siobhan rolled off to one side, turned around, and then gave me a kiss with a little come-flavored tongue, Kieran crawled off me to the other side and flopped down so hard he shook the bed.

 Nobody said a word for a few minutes. I lay there with my eyes closed, listening to Kieran and Siobhan breathing as loudly as me. I didnt feel like moving and I guess they didnt either. I felt something cool all across my lower abdomen and raised my head and looked. Siobhan had smeared my come and her spit all over me and it was drying. I smelled a mixture of sweat, semen, and cunt-juices.

After a few minutes more, I decided Id do something to clean up our mess. I rolled off the bed, went in the bathroom, and ran the water in the sink until it got hot. The water running made me have to pee so I lifted the seat on the commode and had a good piss. When I was finished, I wet a bunch of washcloths in the sink, grabbed some small towels, and took them to Siobhan and Kieran.

I stood at the foot of the bed and wiped off while they lay there side by side and did the same thing. Siobhan watched me doing it, then looked at my face, and spread her legs wide. She let me watch while she cleaned herself. I saw something Id never seen before. Somehow she was squeezing her vagina so that Kierans semen came out and drooled down the crack of her ass. She lay there grinning at me while she squeezed and wiped. Damn, that was hot, hot enough to make my dick think it wanted to be shoved in where Kierans semen was coming back out.

Ive never seen that before, I said.

Well, you wanted me and Kieran to put on a show for you, she answered. I thought Id let you see everything.

How do you do it? I asked.

Do what?

You know, squeeze Kierans come back out of your pussy. How do you do that?

Kegel exercises, she said. 

What?

Kegel exercises. They help muscle tone and strength after childbirth. Having kids weakens the pelvic floor, the pubococcygeus muscles. The exercises strengthen them. Ive always done them.

 You could give me some credit, Kieran said. I always help you.

She slapped him on the stomach with her hand. Yeah, sure you do.

Well, come on, tell me, I insisted.

Sometimes I do the exercises with his dick in my vagina. It adds resistance when Im doing the contractions. He gives me feedback by telling me when he feels them.

Yeah, Kerry, Kieran said. Get you a woman who can do what she does and youll never let her go. Ill swear she could pinch my dick off with her pubococcygeus cunt muscles.

Hush, Kieran, she said. Dont fill his head with your nonsense.

Will you show me? I asked. Next weekend? Are you really going to let me do it with youyou knowmake love with you?

Yes, Kerry, she said. Kieran says hes OK with it and I want to do it with you. Ill show you how Kegels feel.

I thought you had surgery about a year after Alannah was born to fix some muscles down there. Arial said thats what it was for.

It was. The exercises are good but having four kids caused problems and the exercises werent as much help after Alannah.  The doctor used laparoscopic surgery to fix things.

Is it OK if I ask you both something thats kind of personal? I dont want you to get mad at me for asking.

Kieran answered this time. Kerry, weve always tried to give you honest answers, havent we? Were not going to get mad at you.

I know you had a tubal ligation when the doctor did that surgery. Why did you decide that? Why didnt Kieran have a vasectomy so you wouldnt have any more kids?

He wanted to, Kerry, Siobhan answered this time. We argued about it for months. I just didnt want him to do it. It may be silly but I like knowing hes squirting all those live sperm in me. When we found out I needed a little repair work, I insisted and he gave in.

Well, I know women like knowing they can have babies, Kieran said. I still think I should have had my tubes cut instead of yours.

And I know men like knowing they can make babies, she said. Lets not get into that argument again.

Could we take a break now? Kieran asked. Im hot. I could go for a cold beer.


TO BE CONTINUED:
