Semental Challenge
by greysam

Semental Challenge 01: Double Or Nothing

Maria takes the Semental Challenge.

"Smile Puta!" The photographer instructed. "You must look your best for your debut!"

The asshole was joking. Nobody can tell the difference between a smile and a grimace around a ball gag. Still, I thought, I never looked better: A curvy five foot four inch woman of Puerto Rican heritage with golden skin, chocolate brown hair done up in a chiffon. A professional did my face, and my lips and nails shine with a bright red color. My D-sized tits (my girls!) are supported by a demi-cup harness. I'm forced to push them out standing in these stilettos locked on my feet and knee highs. I look like a lingerie model except for the ringed collar around my neck, wrist and ankle cuffs. One of the bouncers pushes my feet apart, widening my stance.

The photographer circles me, taking closeups. When the he crouches in front of me for the money shot, I thrust my freshly-shaved kitty at him in an act of defiance.

The photographer laughs merrily, "Such a hungry cono!" As he stands he give my belly a little pat. "Don't worry little cono, Semental will feed you soon." He slaps my ass as he steps away saying, "Ride hard puta!"

How did I get here?

*****

It was a stupid idea in the first place, but I had nothing for me in the States. I lost my job when my boyfriend John stole my car (and later I found out my laptop) so I couldn't get to work waitressing at the local bar across town or look for something online. We got into an argument the night before because I wouldn't give him a blowjob after he went down me. What is it with men wanting to stick their dicks into places they don't belong? I just don't like fellatio. I can eat pussy with gusto, but cock in my mouth bothers me.

Losing the car reminded me of my best friend Staci. It was originally her car. She got into some money trouble and went down to a bordello in Matamoros called Semental. We visited it a few years ago for our friend Margo's bachelorette getaway, along with our other friend Lisa. The bordello had an outstanding $10,000 challenge for women to ride a fucking horse, also called a Semental, for three minutes and get off. Staci said she would return in a couple days, but never came back, giving away everything she owned in the States.

I knew what happened to Staci. The Semental website had subscriptions where you could follow your favorite whore. I guiltily signed up (only $4.95 a month) to see pictures and videos of Staci in a gangbang or being hooked up to a milking machine, drool leaking from her ball gag. My "favorite" by far was watching her rematches with the Semental. I could see her trying to concentrate enough to get off of the horse in time to win, but every time she fell back into riding her mechanical lover into an orgasmic daze, followed by a marathon series of blowjobs until she was a cum-soaked mess. How could she be so cum drunk she would forget to stand up?

I told myself I was watching to look out for my friend, but I would stroke my kitty's clit to Staci's rides. Although I fantasized about it, I doubted the Semental challenge would work on me: I cum rather quickly and my clit gets too over-sensitized to orgasm any more. I'd be able to keep it together and hop off the second I had the chance.

I was out of a job and a car, and I was going to be kicked out of my apartment soon, so I said fuck all and decided I would take the Semental challenge. I applied online borrowing Lisa's PC and within the hour got in touch with the bordello. They agreed, but they needed me to stay in town at least a couple weeks while they prepared. When I told Lisa and the now-divorced Margo, they offered to come along, but I said no. I told them not to worry and that I would even find and convince Staci to come back.

*****

A large man from the club picked me up from the airport and drove me to Semental's. I didn't notice last time but it was actually a pretty legit operation. The "front" was a nice hotel where families could stay. It even had an indoor pool. The bordello side was connected at the back of the hotel bar/restaurant, separated by a beaded curtain. Burly bouncers made sure nobody got the two sides confused.

I talked with Julio, one of the managers. He was very attractive in a nice suit sitting behind a high, large desk. He told me I would have to get a very thorough physical, warning me that it would be VERY intense. He explained that although the challenge is simple, the club had to make sure the girl wasn't going to have health issues during her ride. (Besides being fucked out of her mind by the horse, I thought.) The waiting period was for the test results to return and to prepare the Semental for its challenger. I agreed and signed a small stack of paper.

We chatted for a bit. I told him about my first visit. He nodded and explained that a lot of changes have happened. When I asked about seeing Staci, he shook his head and said that while I was a good girl to worry about her, I wouldn't be able to see her for now. I sheepishly mentioned that money was tight and asked if he knew some respectable, albeit cheap, places in town.

"You said you were a waitress on your application. You can stay here and work for us," Julio suggested. "You won't earn that much money though." He warned.

I was taken aback by Julio, but then he laughed. "No, not that, you misunderstand. You look like you would fit right in our restaurant and bar as one of our waitresses." I remembered seeing the girls in the traditional billowing white blouses and long colorful skirts as we walked past the restaurant to the elevators. It seemed tacky but tame.

"Our girls live in a communal space on one of the lower floors of the hotel, below the office," he continued. "You may stay there for a small fee. I must warn you that our matron Mrs. Montenegro runs the place like a convent." He wagged his finger at me, "No hanky-panky, no men. Understood?"

Being celibate for the next few weeks would be just what I needed after my train wreck breakup. Cheap room, board and I get paid? "Sign me up!" I smiled reaching over to shake Julio's hand. We added a direct deposit form to my papers.

The office shared the floor with a large clinic where I had my examination with two of the doctors on staff. Doctor Smith was an older graying man, while Doctor Cruz was young, tall and handsome.

Unfortunately for me, Doctor Cruz had a bedside manner like a drill sergeant. He marched me into an examination room, told me to strip and give a small urine sample before ordering me onto the examination table. He started measuring every inch of my body, taping electrodes and leads everywhere. He took some blood samples. He dragged me from the table to a corner with some rulers on the walls and had me do some poses buck naked.

"Bend more!" He ordered, as I touched my toes. I heard the snap of a camera behind me and I covered my crack.

"Do not be a baby," he scolded, "We are doctors and this is for your medical record, not for InstaPorn!"

I removed my hands and gave him the finger before turning back around.

I was glad Doctor Smith was the OB/GYN. He was very understanding. He recorded the long history of my sexual adventures with men, women and women with men without batting an eye. Doctor Cruz came and took some very intimate measurements of my waist, belly, vag and even my asshole, but Doctor Smith did the actual examination. Doctor Smith gently explained every test and warned me when something was going to be painful. I screamed and almost jumped out of the chair when he shocked my poor pussy and nips on my girls.

"I'm sorry Maria, the Semental use some TENS technology," he explained, "We have to know your limits. We don't want you to have a heart attack during the challenge."

Julio wasn't kidding when he said the exam would be intense. My face went beet red when Doctor Smith used a powerful vibrator to masturbate me to a loud orgasm. "STOP IT! STOP IT! I'M TOO SENSITIVE!" I screamed as I sat up and dove to protect my precious clit from the vibrator in his hand.

Doctor Smith told me there was no need to feel ashamed, this was all part of the exam, and the walls were soundproof. He let me cool down and noted the time when I could feel sensation again. I told him overstimulating my clit was my secret weapon to winning the challenge. I really felt bad when I gushed all over his gloves when he made me cum two times in a row massaging my G-spot with a wand deep inside me.

*****

Julio delivered me disheveled and waddling to Mrs. Montenegro on the staff dorm floor. That tall bitch was ICE, dressed in a high collared, long sleeved, full length dress and high heels. She even carried a switch! Her long black hair was pulled back so tight I wondered if she could blink her hard dark eyes. She looked down at me disapprovingly while Julio explained I was just here for a couple weeks. Julio insisted I was a good girl.

"Maria, I know you belong here," he turned to me pleadingly, "Promise me you will follow the rules! No hanky-panky, no men. Otherwise you won't be able to stay here and you will not be able to do the challenge."

I nodded. I could play along. Heck, my kitty already had a workout and needed to cool off for a few days.

The floor was divided in half with large rooms on either side. One one side was a common bedroom with six twin beds with small nightstands in between. It really was like living in a convent. The other side had the showers and dressing room where we could hang our restaurant dress or any dresses we had. The rest was Mrs. Montenegro's room and and office.

After assigning me to a bed, the Ice Bitch sniffed me haughtily and declared I was reeking and informed me good girls don't masturbate or have sex before marriage. (Since never, I thought.) She ordered me to leave my bag on my bed, take a shower and meet her in the dressing room. The shower felt good and I met her in the dressing room wrapped in a nice long towel, carrying my clothes. She sized me up and handed me one of those big white puffy blouses, a long skirt, a pair of black knee highs and black flats. Before I could put my waitress uniform on, the bitch had me run to my bags for a fresh bra and panty set.

"I don't want your filthy undergarments touching our uniform. We run a respectable establishment," she haughtily informed me. (Fuck her, I was going commando when she wasn't looking.) The blouse neckline was almost up to my throat. I expected something off the shoulder, to show the girls for tips. I asked Mrs. Montenegro if she had something more revealing. She slapped her switch in her hand so hard I jumped.

"Only good girls work in our restaurant! Families bring their children in for birthdays. Only putas stick out their tetas to any man. Julio said you were a good girl, but I already have my doubts."

Jeez, I was just asking. I clipped on my name tag and went downstairs.

Once I got to the restaurant, I was in my familiar environment. There were only five waitresses, including me. I met the cook and manager, hard at work in the kitchen. I shadowed one of the waitresses, Yolanda, a local girl, who was bigger than me but less curvy. She helped me through the menu, taking orders and the layout. It was almost like working at one of those knock-off chains back in the States. I felt bad I couldn't wait by myself, so I helped the other girls as best I could, bussing their tables for them.

We were so busy, barely keeping up with the tourists and businessmen, but no locals. I asked Yolanda what happened to the sixth girl and she shook her head disgusted, "She decided she didn't want to be a good girl anymore." She glared at me, "Don't be like her."

*****

Julio came down to check on me after the restaurant closed around 11. He brought me a white wine and we sat at one of the tables I just wiped. I felt special that he went out of his way to get me the drink. It felt good to relax.

"So what do you think?" He smiled, pleased. "I talked to the manager and he wants you to stay."

"It's like working back home," I said, "But I'm beat."

"Then I will leave you in the care of the Matron," he said kindly. "Good night Maria."

*****

The elevator door opened to the stern expression of Mrs. Montenegro.

"You're late!" She snapped. "Hurry up! Shower and get ready for bed!"

I quickly changed and hung up my clothes and took a shower. I threw on my bed shirt and put my panties back on and headed to the bedroom, hoping to check my phone. I was shocked to see each of the girls kneeling in prayer on the small rug next to the bed, their slippers paired neatly beside them. Mrs. Montenegro led me quickly to my rug and had me on my knees in a moment. It was Catholic School nightmare all over again.

Mrs. Montenegro stood at the center of the room. "We will now pray for our souls and bodies to remain pure so we may earn our place in El Cielo..." She droned on and on. We finished and jumped into bed, as she turned off the lights and left.

"Goodnight Ice Bitch!" I whispered.

"Shhh," hushed one of the other girls. "She sometimes checks on us."

I quickly reached into the drawer of my little nightstand and pulled out my phone. I threw my blanket over my head and started reading email and checked the $15.32 I had left in my bank account.

*****

The next few days flew by. We ran nonstop from breakfast to almost midnight. I was getting the hang of things and I could wait my own section. Occasionally I would see groups of rough men walk through the restaurant and pass through beaded curtain to the bordello side. Just before dinner, women, in singles and pairs, wearing revealing dresses that were indecent even by my standards came strutting through the curtain to prowl the night. Sometimes they would return while we were still open, arm in arm with customers. I saw them pass through the strings of beads and split up: The customers went through the main door but the girls went through a door on the right wall of the hallway. Employees Only, I guessed.

"Do not be too interested about that place," warned Yolanda, catching my stare. "Once your go inside, you never leave."

"Sort of like the Hotel California," I joked. She was totally wrong about the bordello. Girls came and went all the time.

"What city in California has such a hotel?" she asked. I missed the States.

*****

The next day Julio called me into his office before my shift started.

"I think I can trust you," he started. "You are more worldly than the other girls. We have to deposit the restaurant cash twice a week. I would like you to run over to the bank next door during lunch and deposit the money. I will pay you $100 each week to make up for any lost tips."

"That's generous," I said. An extra hundred was nice. It was Wednesday, so I went next door and deposited over $10,000 in cash to the account number Julio game me. I did the same on Friday. That night my bank app said I had just $132 in my account.

The next week went by with a blur. I couldn't go anywhere during the weekend, especially with no money, so I stayed at the hotel and worked in the restaurant while I saw the bordello girls going clubbing. I missed being able to have fun.

Wednesday came again and Julio called me up to his office after I got back from the bank.

"I'm sorry Maria, I have some bad news," he said. I held my breath. "There was a delay in your test results. We need another week. We love you at the restaurant though, can you stay here in the meantime?"

"Maybe if you gave me a reason to?" I said suggestively. Kitty was getting frisky.

Julio leaned back and shook his head, "No Maria, that is one of the Semental's rules while you make this your home. No hanky-panky, no men."

"Can I see Staci?" I asked. Maybe we could go out and blow off some steam together.

"I'm sorry yet again Maria," he apologized, "Staci is very busy, perhaps after you challenge the Semental." He added suggestively, "Then we could all celebrate together after your ride!"

The sexy wink he gave me after that gave me reason to stay.

That night I logged into the Semental website on my phone, looking for Staci's shows. I missed a gangbang show the night before, but there was nothing on her schedule. What was going on? Plus all that porn reminded me I hadn't been laid in over a week. I told my kitty I had to save her for the Semental.

Over the next few days I tried to peek at the world behind the beaded curtain. I lied to the bouncer past the main door telling him I was coming back to take a customer's order, but he wasn't having it. I tried to slip in the employee entrance following a working girl, but it seemed to lock behind her. I didn't how she opened it either.

Julio apologized again on Wednesday that there would be another week delay. I was working 14 hour days, 7 days a week and I wasn't having any fun either. My bank balance was still less than a thousand dollars. I was hardly making any money once you paid for meals and the currency conversion fee. I was beginning to doubt if I should stay.

That night, I was watching my phone on my stomach under the blanket, earbuds in so I wouldn't bother the other girls. I saw the Semental website announced Staci was going to try the Semental challenge this Friday night! They showed preview pictures of her bent over the mechanical horse, kissing and sucking on that large thick dildo sticking up the center. I remembered what I read from the FAQ: "Each vaquera has her own custom made dildo carefully designed to give her the maximum pleasure only a true stud can! No wonder she doesn't want to get up and leave!" (My dildo must be having trouble at the shop.) The teaser video, taken last night showed Staci being edged over and over, by men armed with massagers. The video ended with a closeup of Staci's tearstained face as she shrieked, "PLEASE YOU FUCKERS! PLEASE LET ME COME!" The caption read, "Getting Staci ready for her ride! Won't you join us?" There was a small tag line underneath, "Special Guest Debut." I wish I was going to be there, but I was told I had another week.

I was deep into relieving the stress rewatching Staci's greatest Semental hits when I felt a whoosh of air as the blanket was pulled away. Mrs. Montenegro caught me red-handed with my hand still in my panties stroking the kitty. I didn't hear her because of the earbuds. She ripped my panties off and gave me five quick swats on my bare ass with her switch before I could scramble up to sit. I rubbed my smarting cheeks staring up at her defiantly. I was tired of living like a nun.

"We will see Julio tomorrow," she promised evilly.

*****

I sat in the leather chair in Julio's office in the restaurant blouse and long skirt, looking at my torn panties on the desk, still stained with my juices, evidence of my guilt. Mrs. Montenegro stood behind me gloating.

Julio looked at me from behind the desk in his office. "I'm very disappointed Maria. You broke the rules, no hanky-panky."

"You didn't define hanky-panky." I countered.

He cut me off. "We are grown ups here. You knew what it meant. Unfortunately that also means no challenge, no chance to win the $10,000. I was going to tell you we got the test results back and we were ready to do the challenge this weekend, but now..." he shook his head, silently crushing my hopes of earning the money and returning with Staci.

That got to me, I had busted my buns for three weeks for nothing. I had little more than $1,000 in my bank account and only 2 days to go! I tried to turn on the charm, leaning over to show off the girls, but this damn blouse hid everything! "Come on Julio," I said in my sweetest voice, "I thought you liked me. Can you talk to the management? Can we try to work something out?

Julio sighed. "The best I can do is let you work Friday. That should give you enough time to buy a plane ticket and fly out this weekend. You can stay until Sunday, but no more."

Mrs. Montenegro sniffed.

"As long as you behave," he added. "I'm very sorry Maria," he ended, "I thought you belonged here with us."

I teared up as I left his office to work my shift.

*****

Work was fine, but upstairs was a different story. The rest of the girls knew what I had done, and that I was a goner. Yolanda refused to look at me. A tiny girl named Josefina sneered at me mouthing "Puta." I hung my clothes up for the second to last time, wondering what I should do with my name tag. Mrs. Montenegro decided I was a lost cause and let me look at my phone while the others said their prayers.

On Friday, my last day of work, the restaurant was busy as usual. When I took the cash to deposit, I had an idea: I would deposit the cash into MY bank account. Nobody would suspect anything over the weekend. I was no longer working for Semental, so I could go into the bordello side, find and rescue Staci after her show and be back in the States before anyone got wise. I put my bank account number on the deposit slip and looked at the balance after the deposit: $15,285! I could have a fresh start anywhere!

The restaurant hummed along the rest of the day. We all went upstairs after the place closed, turning off the lights behind us. Nobody spoke to me as I packed. I made two plane reservations for Saturday while the host of bitches prayed. I sat in my bed shirt and panties and waited until the lights were out. I slipped from the bed to the dressing room and put on a short skirt and went downstairs. When the elevator doors closed behind me, the lights of the restaurant came on revealing Julio and two huge bouncers waiting for me. Shit.

After a struggle and lots of cursing, the bouncers silenced me with a ball gag, They dragged me past the beaded curtain, through the right door, which lead to a locker room. Past that was a dressing and makeup room.

Julio finally spoke to me: "I trusted you Maria," he said sadly, "But you stole from us."

I made some muffled protests, but he shook his head.

"You need to make a choice Maria," said Julio, "We can deliver you to the local jail. It might be months before you go before the judge. But we were ready for you to take the Semental Challenge this weekend, so let's not waste it: Would you like to do a special version of the Challenge instead?"

I didn't find the idea of spending months in a Mexican prison appealing, so I nodded.

"Good girl," he said. "Let's get you prepared. We'll keep your secured in case you change your mind."

The men stripped me naked, adding the collar and wrist cuff accessories. Then they took me to a squat toilet/bidet and handcuffed me to eyebolts on the floor. Thankfully they left me alone for a few minutes to do my business. They returned me to the dressing room, I was chained, legs spread in a beauty chair. A female attendant applied foam to my hairy kitty. She also looked at my girls. "She's going to need a support harness," the woman called out. A hairdresser brushed and teased my hair and while another specialist started doing my makeup and nails. A bouncer came and placed a pair of rolled silk stockings, ankle cuffs and black stiletto heels near my chair.

*****

I stood gagged in those heels, wrists locked behind my back. The bouncer who brought my shoes attached a leash to my collar.

"Come on Puta," he said. Time for your debut!"

The bouncer let me through various halls up some steps to the back of a stage. A handsome announcer on the stage gestured for me to come up. The bouncer had to partially lift me to the stage because I was still shaky in my heels. I began to protest with the gag but only whines and drool came from my mouth.

The stage was divided in half, separated by another curtain. I couldn't see the half of the stage to my right. Directly in front of me, facing the second stage curtain on a large turntable, was my Semental. The rounded saddle was probably a foot off the ground. At the center was a long thick dildo, custom made for my pretty kitty. It stood straight up, eager to make its presence felt in its shaved home.

The photographer rushed over, circling me, taking pictures from all angles.

This is the place where we started the story.

The bouncer and announcer led me over to my Semental. They had me step over the saddle, dildo directly below me. The bouncer put his hands on my shoulders from the back and pushed me down, my knees folding, while the announcer steadied me from the front, his hands on my arms. The bouncer switched his grip to my hips as he lowered me into a squat.

The dildo must have been lubricated as I felt the head part my lips and slide easily up my fuck tunnel. I felt stretched and full. The thick shaft felt good, but not like a real penis. I felt bumps and ridged rings along the sides. I tested squeezing it with my internal muscles. It gave a little, but not much. The men stopped pushing me down when I felt my ass cheeks rest on the saddle. The bouncer unhooked my wrists then bent me back, guiding my hands to some sort of handles to brace myself as I leaned back. I gripped them tightly to prevent myself from falling backwards. I felt the phallus flex and a carefully placed bump rubbed my G-spot with a sensation that made me clench. I was definitely coming back to this position! They locked each ankle to the base of the Semental. The announcer quickly tied some rope behind each knee and pulled outwards, spreading me even more. He moved away from me and I felt the bouncer tie a rope behind my neck which pulled my head back.

I saw the photographer's camera flash near my face and then around me snapping pictures. In my mind's eye I saw a pretty Latina looking in helpless frustration at the camera, ball gag peeking from behind her teeth, drool dripping from her bright red lips onto her thrusting harnessed titties, squatting, spreading her legs to show the world she had a big dildo sunk deep in her bald cunt.

My face burned, it couldn't get any worse.

The announcer came back into my view with something in his hands. I felt the ice cubes on my nipples, causing them to swell. (I don't really have pointy tips on my nips.) I looked in horror as a small washer-shaped metal disc with jagged teeth along the edge was placed over my right nipple. I shrieked as the announcer pressed the disc into me feeling the points dig. I thought I would be bleeding underneath, but I later found out it only cleverly, albeit painfully, pinched. I shrieked again as they capped my left girl. Then another round of pictures. Little clips were attached to tiny knobs on the discs with running wires to the bottom of the Semental.

After photographing my leaning back pose, they released the ropes and drew me forward into a kneeling position. The dildo flexed back deep in me, trying to stay at attention inside my passage. Leaning forward landed my clit on a rough metal ridge at the base. A little rock of my hips and it felt like my clit was being licked. The saddle had a flat section in front of the pommel where I could rest my forearms and put all my weight on my clit on that ridge.

The photographer ran around me one more time snapping pictures of me in my new pose.

The bouncer removed the ball gag, which was really starting to bother me and gave me some water to sip through a straw. I licked my lips, moving my cheeks to get control of my jaw. I was going to tell them to go fuck themselves when the bouncer squatted on my left, grabbed my hair and tilted my head.

"Shhh Puta," he whispered soothingly. "You should save your mouth for what's coming. They won't care what you say anyway." He let go of my hair and ran his hand down to my back to my butterfly tramp stamp. "Don't worry," he vowed, "We will fix your puta tattoo and label you property." He smothered my butterfly with his palm, "Here will go the Semental logo." He continued, tracing lines over my left cheek, "Your puta number and nickname." Then he traced my right cheek, "Property of Semental."

I snarled and rocked my hips in helpless anger at the thought of wearing a whorehouse tattoo and being labeled against my will, but I couldn't hold onto that thought when my clit brushed that rough ridge of the base of the dildo and my tunnel gripped the thick shaft inside me from that tickle of pleasure.

The bouncer felt my muscles tense and he gave a little chuckle whispering, "See Puta? Your cono knows its place: on Semental, filled with cock, just like your mouth should be." He gave a quick poke at my asshole with a finger, cause me to gasp and jerk again. "If you are good maybe I will put something in this place too sometime." He clicked his teeth as he got up to leave the stage. "Ride well girl!"

The front curtain rose on my left. The stage wasn't really that high, no more than a foot or so. I saw just over the heads of the seated sea of people in the darkness. A spotlight on stage right shone in my face. My hand rose to shield my eyes. The crowd saw my left profile, haunches over the saddle, my girls hanging pendant, their trapped buds with leads running under the Semental.

The announcer moved in front of me, in front of the other half of the stage still curtained off. He addressed the crowd. "Good evening everyone! We have a special show for you tonight!"

He gestured at me. "This is Maria. She says she's a good girl from the US, and she's had some bad luck. We at Semental understand and gave her a job in the front."

He continued his story with mock sympathy. "Maria needed more money, and we gave Maria some of our money to hold for us," he shook his head sadly, "As it turns out she is not a such a good girl and like a greedy American she was going to run away with our money."

The crowd booed. My eyes widened. Fuck! Everybody knew about the switch!

The announcer brightened as he continued, "But we at Semental are forgiving. We will give Maria another chance to earn money, enough to pay us back and earn more!"

The crowd cheered.

The announcer bent to me. My heart raced. "Maria, listen closely. You are on our special ride for putas, the Semental!"

The crowd cheered while I turned red.

The announcer continued. "Look back there," he gestured to the back of the stage. I turned my head to the right, away from the crowd. At the back was a monitor that showed a clock set at 60 and a display that said $15,285. My bank account balance! Those fuckers have my bank account!

I was about to tear into the announcer when he talked up the crowd, saying sweetly "Good girls are pure, they save themselves for a white wedding." Then he changed to a stern tone, "Dirty putas fuck many men and come easily. The Semental can tell who is the good girl from the puta. Are you a good girl Maria?"

I wasn't playing this game. My hands balled into fists and I struck the pommel. "Fuck off! You're stealing my money." The crowed laughed.

"No, Maria," the announcer shook his head, "You were trying to steal our money. We are giving you a chance to play and keep your money and even earn more."

Since I was buck naked, helplessly sitting on a dildo, and wasn't going anywhere, I decided to hear him out. "I'm listening," I said. I remembered my strategy for the Semental challenge: Ride the horse. Come. My clit goes numb. I keep my head and I get off the horse with my money.

"You will ride the Semental for an hour," the announcer gesturing at the time.

I frowned. The challenge was normally three minutes: Two minutes to get off, then one minute to get off the horse.

The announcer continued listing the rules, "Jumping from the horse, tearing off anything means automatic forfeit. Every time you come we will take $1,000 of our money back." Jeez. That was 15 orgasms! No woman could handle that! It wasn't physically possible. My clit would be too overstimulated after one and I'd just have to avoid resting on the Semental for the rest of the hour.

This was doable, I told myself.

"Since you are new here, we will give you two free orgasms to start," he told me generously.

That overconfident prick! I grinned back smugly. I could have my fun, pull my clit off the ridge, then watch the clock until I kept my money.

The announcer continued with a serious expression on his face. "At $10,000 or 30 minutes, we will give you a chance to earn some money back. If your money goes to zero, you will stay here until you can pay your bills. "

He straightened up and turned to the audience. "Maria might be a good girl," he said thoughtfully, "She is also here to take home her friend, one of our best, Puta 39, 'Staci!'"

The crowed hooted.

"What a good friend!" he affirmed. "It is only fair we give help Maria in her wager!"

The curtains in front of me, on the other side of the stage, drew back revealing Staci, blindfolded and ball gagged, facing me, kneeling upright on her Semental saddle, wrists cuffed behind her. Her golden brown hair was swept back in a pony tail. She knelt, in her stilettos and knee highs, her ankles cuffs locked to the Semental like mine. I looked at her perky rack. Wires ran from her clipped nipples down under the horse. Her breasts near her areole looked bruised. (Did a milking machine do that?) I looked down her trim body to the saddle. Like me, she was shaved, her dark red love lips split over a thick phallus like mine, kissing her mechanical lover. I saw she had her clit pierced, gold stud glinting near the little ridged plate.

Another bouncer removed Staci's blindfold and ball gag, then unlocked her wrists. She blinked at me, her eyes widening with recognition, but she remained silent. Her chest and lovely breasts rose and fell as she panted softly through her pursed lips. Her whole body was already shining with sweat, trembling and shaking with arousal.

I suddenly realized whose "Special Debut" was advertised with Staci's ride...

*****

The announcer grabbed our attention. "The rules are a little bit different for 39. Since there is no doubt she is a puta who will come quickly many times, only $500 is taken away for each orgasm. And, since we know 39 is an old pro," he paused, "No free orgasms."

Shit! Staci had been teased to go off on a hair trigger and she's multi-orgasmic. Now I was going to have to accept taking maybe $10,000 or $11,000 home.

"Gooood luck Maria!" The announcer gestured broadly. "Vamonos!"

Almost immediately Staci shot up and shrieked as if she'd been kicked in the twat, but soon she started rocking her hips back and forth humping away on her dildo.

I wasn't even sure my horse was on. I felt a warm, gooey spray wetting my lady parts, but I didn't feel anything else. Slowly I felt electrical pulses on the various parts of my body, each nipple, the metal plate my clit rested on, different parts of the dildo inside me. The intensity would rise and fall, from a slight tense tingle to what I thought for an instant was a fucking hot poker. I looked at the announcer, who was silently observing me from my side of the stage like an attentive waiter.

"Semental gonna shock me to death?" I challenged.

The announcer shrugged. "Every puta is different. Semental likes to...nibble around edges before taking a bite. Soon you will be ridding hard, crying for Semental to fuck you. It happens to all you putas. Look at 39."

I looked at Staci, who knelt upright, eyes closed, humping away like a fuck bunny. She suddenly stiffened and fell forwards. I heard a buzzer coming from the back. I turned my head and watched my money drop to $14,785 while the timer read 57 minutes. Jeez! It hadn't even been five minutes!

Staci's hips slowed as she caught her breath. She opened them and mouthed, "Sorry," ashamed. Then she sat up and shuddered, her head lolling back, licking her lips, closing her eyes again and folding her arms. Her hips started rocking again.

Before I could say anything, I jumped. The metal plate under my clit sprung to life and had given me a quick buzz. I could feel motors inside the saddle humming and coming to life. I felt the dildo slowly slide out, then slowly rise up into my channel. The bumps and ridges rubbed my passage delightfully. It was really slow and gentle. I wasn't going to cum from this. Or at least not more than once an hour.

Semental started experimenting with the plate and dildo. Sometimes buzzing my clit with vibrations so strong I went numb, or pulling the dildo out and giving me a thrust so hard I nearly leapt out of the saddle. In the span of four of Staci's orgasms my machine found a vibration I REALLY liked and how hard and deep I liked being penetrated. Unlike a man though, Semental could also vibrate his shaft until I felt my tonsils tingle. I think if he were a man I might reconsider my ban on oral sex.

My mechanical lover began teasing me. My clit would be a-buzzing and I would lean forward to put more weight on it. But then it would stop as the shaft pulled out of me. I would rock back to meet it as it rode up inside me, that lovely bump rubbing my G-spot nicely on the up stroke. It was easy to tell what Semental wanted: I started a slow rhythm, rocking back and forth as my lover rewarded me by continuing that wonderful vibration on my clit.

I heard the announcer stand next to me coaching. "Don't give in Maria, fight it!" But I ignored him. I closed my eyes, lost in that delightful rhythm, pleasure building. I could also feel my nipple stiffen as I felt a low current go through the discs on my girls.

Suddenly I felt a sharp spark, like a static shock on my G-spot and I started spasming around the dildo. It was a tiny cum, hardly any pleasure. I heard the buzzer in the back announce my orgasm.

I opened my eyes accusingly at the announcer. "That's not fair! I was robbed."

He shook his head. "A cum's a cum. Don't worry, you have one more free one."

I felt a bit of sass return. Was that the best it could do? I patted the saddle challenging, "Come on champ, I've been fucked better by grade schoolers." Truth be told though, I was done: I was already coming down, loose and relaxed. This was about the best a man could get out of me during a night of fucking.

Semental was more than any man though. I felt a light current pass through the dildo inside me. It wasn't vibration, it felt like a deep throbbing massage. My kitty woke up from her relaxed state and started tightening around the shaft. I sat up straight, curious and excited, as I felt waves of sensation rise up from my belly. This was different than anything I had felt before. The dildo started rotating in me. I felt my hips moving in small circles, mounted on that stirring stick.

Then the pulses started, traveling up my passage. It was a little subway train of current, passing through the different ridged rings on the shaft from my entrance all the way up past my cervix. I felt my muscles rippling up my vagina, riding that current and I found myself clenching, squeezing that shaft up, trying to suck the wonderful phallus from the saddle. I could hear my labia squish as I alternatively bore down and relaxed. I felt my pleasure building up from my core.

I suddenly realized Semental had disarmed my secret weapon: It was avoiding overstimulating my clit, working my vagina instead. I was grunting like a sow as my hips rotated and I milked the fake cock inside me up and down. It was going to make me climax deep within me, where I could cum over and over.

Staci's screaming brought me out of my thoughts. My friend was leaning back on the handles behind her, thrusting herself onto the dildo deep inside her. She squatted back on her heels, her knees drawn up and spread, as if offering her cunt to me like my pictures. I saw her hips jerk again and again as she went through one orgasm after another. I heard buzz after buzz from the back of the stage as I heard our ticket out of here drained by $500 every few seconds. Now I wasn't sure if I would have anything left even if I didn't come again.

"STACI YOU FUCKING CUNT!" I yelled out. She was ruining everything. But I could hardly blame her as I ramped up to my second orgasm. It was an atomic bomb. I rippled around the dildo inside me, my whole body locked with spasms, while I threw my head screamed at the top of my lungs.

My mechanical lover wasn't done with me yet. After my muscles unlocked I felt the wonderful vibration start up again at the base and up the phallus. My neglected clit was tossed around and I leaned back further, putting my weight on those handles. I got my knees from under me and ground my twat into that wonderful vibration. The phallus bent but pushed up against my front, my favorite bump transmitting addicting vibrations and pulses directly to my G-spot.

Semental worked my cunt over, alternating between rippling and vibrating. I knew I was coming over and over, humping, exposing myself like Staci, screaming and crying out begging my mechanical lover to fuck me.

*****

I was pretty close to passing out when Semental let me down slowly, vibration lowering in intensity and those pulses fading away.

The Sementals turned facing the crowd. My bouncer gently folded my legs back under me, having me kneel again and positioned me leaning with my forearms on the flat part in front of me. I was panting heavily, hair escaping from my chiffon, body dripping with sweat. My throat was hoarse from all the screaming. The saddle was slick with sweat and foamy with my girl cum. I looked over at Staci who looked the same. The crowd drank in our full frontal on display. Embarrassed, I turned I looked back at the wall. I was shocked.

The clock said 30 minutes left. Good, I was at the halfway point. But my account had only $3,285 left! We must have burned through a dozen orgasms when I lost it. That was going to leave us with nothing when we returned home, but now I was worried if we would get back at all!

The announcer stopped the timer and gave a recap: "Wow! Let's bring our chicas' conos down to a simmer while we get things ready. We are halfway on time, but Maria's money is almost gone," he shook his head sadly, but his face brightened. "Now comes the 'audience participation' part of the program and the girls' chance to make some money to stay ahead."

Two assistants brought posts, velvet rope and a small stepping stool to set up two queue lines in front of the stage. People ran up to queue in front of each of us out of the darkness.

The announcer gave me new instructions: "You can earn $200 for relieving the 'stress' of each paying member of the audience." I knew what he was saying. I hate blowjobs!

He motioned to Staci, "39's services will only be $100. Otherwise we might go broke!" he joked.

"Let's begin. Vamonos!" the announcer shouted, restarting the timer.

I felt the Semental come back to life. My clit had a chance to cool down and I felt myself ramping up to another orgasm as I felt the pulses beginning to build inside me. I knew I wasn't going to be able to hold out. Reluctantly, I reached out to the man in front of me and undid his pants, bringing out his member. Swallowing hard, I leaned over to gingerly take him in my mouth. At least I saw a few women in line.

I heard Staci moaning around a cock, her sounds getting higher and higher pitched as she got closer to coming. I hoped Staci could suck off enough men to make up for her losses.

I shuddered in orgasm on my second blowjob, already racing to another. Now I was sure we were going to stay.

