Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Knight and the Acolyte Book 7, Chapter Three: The Pirate's Claws
Summary: Faoril tries to dominate Captain Thryna, but the pirate captain holds deadly secrets.
Keywords: FF MFF Mf fantasy magic D/s oral spank toy lac

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to B0b for beta reading this.

Warlock Faoril  The Golden Hunger, The Nimborgoth

Shock paralyzed my actions as the pirate captain, Thyrna, pressed my face into the shaved, spicy folds of her pussy, smearing it on my flesh as she held a fistful of my short, light-brown hair. Pain flared across my scalp as she humped against me. She lay on her bed's edge. I knelt on the deck of her cabin while her ship rocked and creaked about us. It was dim, sunlight streaming through small portholes, the beams of light moving as the ship sailed south to Hargone.

This is power, she moaned. Commanding obedience. You are on my ship, slut, and you will obey me. Please me.

I had marched in here to set her straight about Thrak. No one owned him, not even me. I was his lover. We had <em>given</em> each other our hearts. Not taken. She couldn't have him. But it all went so wrong. She had seized me despite the fact I could summon magic, Thrak's cum warming my stomach. I could wrap her up in air, gather water from the atmosphere and bind her, animate her sheets to tie her, or even send my magic into her mind and dominate her, turning her into a puppet like I had with Relaria.

No. Not that.

I could do a dozen different things to stop her dominating me, but she was so confident. Her dark-brown body heaved, her breasts bouncing, the right nipple pierced by a gold ring. Her face twisted with a cruel, hungry smile as she ground her wet snatch on my lips.

Lick, little mage, she moaned. Devour. Please. Make me cum, and then I'll let you fetch your orc. You can kneel in the corner as I make him mine. He'll make a superb member of my crew. She laughed, cruel and seductive, her fingers tightening in my hair.

From where did this fear come? Why was I afraid of her? I was powerful. I had faced dangers, erinyes, the orcs, even the dangerous Warlock Fireeyes. I have dueled two master mages. I have ventured into the cursed mines of the dwarves to face an ancient evil.

So why did this human woman intimidate me?

My tongue licked through the folds of her pussy, teasing her, gathering her spicy juices. The woman let out a purring moan, her body shuddering. An orgasmic-like gasp escaped her lips as she squirmed her hips. Her pussy was hot. My tongue gathered her cream with every lick.

Just like that, slut, she groaned. Fucking whore. I hate little dykes. I hate soft tongues and smooth cheeks. I love men, but you'll do. You need to learn that <em>I</em> am the queen of this ship. You worship and obey <em>me.</em>

Why was I afraid? I had the power of the elements.

But what if she could negate them? My fingers clenched on her ass as I nuzzled and licked. My tongue flailed into her pussy as memories of the gnome bounty hunter and her alchemical vials flitted across my mind. She negated my magic with a chemical. Did Thyrna know about it?

Or what if she had powers? Some people were born with innate powers, like the twinborn witches of the Tuathan or the seventh daughter of the seventh daughter. And there were other schools of magic that did not rely on the teachings of the Magery Tower. The foul Warlocks of Chevsa, the shadowmancers of the Shizhuth Empire, the strange arts rumored to be performed in lands across the Vilianth Ocean. Where was she from? Where did humans have such a deep-brown skin? It wasn't the darker hue of the Halanian nomads, but darker than any Thosian, Valyan, or Thlinian.

You can do better than that, little mage, Thyrna laughed. Eat my pussy, or I will have to punish you.

My eyes flicked to the wall covered in lashes, whips, paddles, and canes. I tongued her faster. I pressed my mouth into her pussy, licking and nibbling, I moved my hand up from her ass to probe her pussy. I sank into her hot depths while she humped against me. I pumped in and out of her silky flesh.

A strange itch formed in my own pussy. Hot and itching. I squirmed, my hips quaking. I bit my lip, struggling not to get caught up in the excitement of this. My tongue flicked up to her clit, hard and throbbing, begging to be teased. 

So I did.

I teased her. I tongued her. I needed her to explode. My tongue flailed against her flesh. She moaned and hissed. Her back arched, thrusting her breasts high as her fingers dug into my hair. The gold ring piercing her right nipple flashed as a beam of sunlight danced across her. I was pleasing her. Driving her to her orgasm.

I nibbled on her clit and thrust a third finger into her pussy. I pumped in and out of her wet depths, her juices coating my hand. I breathed in her musk as her bed creaked. The woman's thighs tightened about her face.

Yes, yes, yes, little mage, hissed the pirate captain. Oh, pump those fucking fingers in me. Make me cum. Worship me. You're doing so well.

Her praise sent a pleased flush through me. My pussy grew even juicier. I squirmed beneath my robes, my excitement swelling. I flailed my tongue against her clit as I worked my fingers faster and faster in and out of her cunt. Her gasps and moans spurred me on. I had to please her. That made her happy.

And I wanted to. The fear had transformed into weak desire, catalyzed by her praise, by the excitement of having no control. She could do anything to me because she had real power. What did I have? 

The power to get an innocent lamia killed?

You fucking slut, yes, she hissed. Devour me. Make me explode on your mouth.

She humped harder, the bed creaking. My fingers pumped through her juicy pussy. Her sheath tightened on my digits. She jerked hard on my hair, pulling me into the depths of her pussy. Her flesh pressed against my lips, her folds caressing my cheeks.

Whore! she hissed. Weak, pathetic slut. A mage with no power.

The humiliating words shot through me. I squirmed more as her pussy spasmed about my fingers. Juices flooded from her cunt. I made her cum. Her moans became yowls of pleasure. She thrashed on the bed, trying to rip my hair from my head.

Drink it all,slut. Drink it! You gods-damned whore. You thought you were strong. But you weren't. Her breasts heaved a final time, and then she let go of my hair. Now strip, you whore.

S-Strip?

D-Did I st-stutter like you, she hissed, mocking me. Her hand let me go as she rose, her breasts heaving. She toyed with her piercing as she stood up, stretching her dark nipple. Now!

I flinched and reached for my red robe's ties. I unbelted it and slipped it off my shoulders as she walked to her wall of whips and lashes, her finger running across them. I trembled as I stood naked, my pale body exposed.

Which one to use on you, she asked, caressing them.

U-Use? N-No.

She glanced at me with those hungry eyes. Oh, are you trying to find a spine again?

I-I-I. I took a deep breath, the idea of pain did not appeal to me. Maybe being forced to lick pussy turned me on, or surrendering to another's strength, like Thrak's. But pain... I wasn't Sophia. No. You're not going to hurt me.

Her smile grew. So you're not as spineless as you seem. Not as broken as I thought. You found something on the island. She pulled off a rattan cane, thin, made of pale wood. She smiled. Well, it's far more fun when you're strong. It makes breaking you even more satisfying.

You're not breaking me. Thrak isn't yours. And I'm not your pleasure slave.

Then why are my pussy juices smeared on your lips, slut?

I flushed as she advanced on me. The ship rolled beneath my feet. I adjusted, swallowing as she smacked the cane into her palm. It made a stinging slap. My ass clenched. I did not want to feel that on my backside. My father had canned me once as a child when I left the barn open and several cows escaped.

It hurt.

If you want to spank someone, try Sophia. She gets off on the pain.

It's no fun if you enjoy it. Cruel light shone in her eyes. Bend over the bed, slut, or I will beat you to the floor.

No, I said, tensing, my heart thudding. I didn't have to be afraid of her. I had power. I could wrap her in magic. She couldn't stop it. She was bluffing. It had to be a bluff. Just confidence. Arrogance. 

But there was no fear as she raised the cane. She did not respect my magic. She knew I had it and didn't care. Was it the confidence that she could stop my magic, or a bluff to keep me fearful? The rattan slashed down.

I reacted.

Wind swirled, seizing the cane and ripping it from her grip. She hissed, stumbling forward. I threw the cane to the side and sent the air to seize her. Unseen currents rushed at her, touched her, wrapped about her and

She stepped through the wind.

Her finger played with the nipple piercing as she took another step. I swallowed, my eyes widening. She did have a way to negate my magic. My eyes fell on the nipple piercing, the only things she wore.

What is that?

In the Queendom, we know how to negate energies. How to redirect and channel them into more useful avenues.

The Queendom of Naith? I swallowed, shuddering at the words. Across the Shilter Strait from the Halani desert lay the Queendom of Naith, ruled by the cruel Rakshasas. One of Las's bastard races, the rakshasas were all female shapechangers. They often ruled over tribal populations. Unlike most rakshasas, the ones of the Queendom work together instead of competing. You're a...?

She licked her lips. Yes. And you are a scrumptious morsel. I should eat you all up.

Her head blurred. Orange fur sprouted. Her dark eyes became slitted felines as a muzzle grew. The fur was striped with black. More black stripes appeared across her body, staining brown skin, as her head finished transforming into a tiger's. She snarled, sharp fangs dripping with saliva. Claws grew from her fingertips.

Other than the head and claws, she appeared fully human.

I backed up and bumped into the hull of the ship as she advanced. Rakshasas ate meat. Preferably human. And my magic didn't work on her. I bit my lip as she strode forward, her breath washing over me. A rough tongue licked my cheek.

You can bend over the bed and let me spank your ass, or I can enjoy you in other ways. She ran her claws over my belly, not scratching me, just letting me feel how sharp they are. What will it be, little mage?

I'll bend over, I said, whimpering.

She licked my face again with her wet tongue. Her muzzle pressed against my lips, kissing me. She blurred, the fur retracting, human lips forming, her tongue shrinking, the claws vanishing. Tears beaded my eyes as she kissed me.

Now go fetch the cane and bend over. She grinned. And feel free to scream. I want Thrak to know I dominated his little cunt.

He'll kill you, I swallowed, staring at the cane.

She laughed and then pushed me towards the cane. I stumbled and fell on my knees. The pitching deck threw off my balance as I tried to stand again. She kept laughing, savoring it as I crawled to get her cane.

I am going to enjoy making you howl, she laughed. This is what you've earned by marching in here little

The door burst open and Thrak entered.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Thrak

Thyrna turned, her cat-like eyes smoking as she looked at me. Finally decided to obey me? Good. You can stand in the corner and watch as I cane your little

My hand lashed out and seized her throat. The rage growled in me. The captain's words choked off as I squeezed. Her hand seized my wrists, fingernails scratching as her eyes bulged. I. Heard. You. Threaten. Her.

I spoke each word clearly.

Thrak, Faoril sobbed, staring at me as she knelt. S-she's a rakshasa.

I don't care. I threw Thyrna back onto the bed. She coughed and gasped as she struggled to sit up, her throat red.

I have thirty sailors, she snarled. I will have you and your companions' throats slit and thrown overboard if you don't stand in the corner and watch as I cane your little mage.

Faoril, fetch the cane, I growled. It's time to give Thyrna what she wants.

Wants? Faoril blinked.

I want you on your knees, orc, she hissed. You are mine. You will be my first mate, the strongest of my crew. You will love me and worship me and serve me.

I laughed. You tried to tame me once, cunt. You do not have the strength. But that's okay. I'm here to give you what you've been thinking about since we left the ship. I undid the belt holding my kilt up. It dropped, revealing my hard, swarthy cock, tip pierced by a bone ring. Her eyes locked on it. You want to be dominated again. You want to surrender control.

What? Faoril gasped in shock as she stood, holding the rattan cane.

Never, hissed Thyrna. I. Do. Not. Sub. Mit.

She threw herself at me, hissing like a cat. I let her crash into my body. Her fingernails tore at my chest as her mouth bit at my neck. Hard. I didn't wince at the pain. Her wet cunt rubbed on my stomach as she thrashed.

I seized her by the back of the neck and wrenched her off of me. I spun her around and bent her over the bed, pinning her down. I placed a hand between her shoulder blades, the tip of my dick rubbing at her ass.

Faoril, spank the slut's ass, I growled as I crawled onto the bed, moving around her while keeping her pinned. My dick bobbed before me. She wants it. She craves it. And she deserves it.

Las's horny cock, snarled Thyrna. If you think you can get away with this, you are wrong. My sailors love me. They will kill you and

I thrust my cock into her mouth. She didn't bite.

Instead, the slut sucked. I groaned, holding her dark hair in my broad hands, sliding her mouth up and down my cock as Faoril moved behind her, a vicious grin on her pussy-stained lips. Thyrna had tried to take my lover's power away.

And now it was time for Faoril to take it back.

The cane hissed through the air then cracked on Thyrna's ass. The pirate captain howled about my dick, her voice vibrating around the sensitive tip. Her butt-cheeks rippled. The cane left a bright, red stripe behind, her flesh rising in a puckered welt.

That's it, slut, I growled. Take your punishment. This is what you want. When I'm on your ship, you're my pussycat.

Crack!

Thyrna bucked and moaned again as I fucked her mouth up and down my cock. She could bite. She could transform into a rakshasa. But she didn't. Her hands gripped my thighs, holding on tight as my dick slid deeper and deeper into her mouth. She sucked. Her tongue caressed my dick. Pleasure rippled out of her.

Crack!

Faoril's breasts jiggled as she drew back the cane, a wild lust in her eyes. Juices stained her thighs, her pussy hot and wet. I fucked my hips forward, slamming my cock down the pirate captain's throat as Faoril cracked the rattan cane down again, painting another red stripe.

Fuck the slut, hissed Faoril. Fuck her mouth. Dump your cum down her throat. You should see her cunt, Thrak. The whore is dripping. She loves this.

Crack!

Oh, yes, I can see your lust, whore! Faoril's nipples were so hard. They would be so beautiful if they were pierced. You want me to keep spanking you? Slut!

Crack!

Every time Faoril canned the rakshasa, Thyrna sucked harder. Her throat constricted about my dick as it rammed down her esophagus. She took it, saliva dribbling out of her mouth, her eyes wild with lust. Her hips shook more and more, her fingers digging into my legs.

And she purred.

I groaned as her purrs massaged my cock, vibrating her larynx and throat. It was wonderful. I slammed my dick all the way down her throat, groaning, savoring the humming sensation. The tip of my dick ached. My balls boiled.

Fucking slut! hissed Faoril.

Crack!

Threaten to hurt my friends!

Crack!

And all along, you just wanted Thrak to dominate you!

Crack!

The rakshasa's ass leaped. She purred louder. Faoril's eyes widened. Juices splashed on the floor. Thyrna came just from being spanked. She worked her throat, massaging my cock. I groaned, my balls boiling.

And erupted down her throat.

Gewin's mighty cock, I grunted as I poured load after load of jizz down her throat. 

Drink it all, slut!

Crack!

I grunted as the final blast of my cum shot into her mouth. The pleasure bled through my body. I sucked in deep breaths as I let go of the pirate captain. Her mouth slid off my dick with a wet plop. She licked her lips, sucking in deep breaths.

I stared at her. You belong to me, right? Your ship is at the disposal of our party.

She let out a purring moan and rubbed her cheek into my naked thigh. Yes, Thrak. Yes. She bit my thigh. Yours. Just fuck me with that mighty cock.

While you lick Faoril's cunt.

Of course, she moaned. Anything. Just use me.

Faoril stared at me in astonishment.

I petted Thyrna's head and grinned at Faoril. Have you never had a pet pussycat? I thought you mages loved them.

They make me sneeze. She blinked and then shuddered. But I would love to have my pussy licked.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chaun

The salty scent of the sea filled my nose as the Golden Hunger knifed through the blue waters of the Nimborgoth. My wife leaned over the railing, her ass pressing against the skirt she wore. Her musical laughs drifted as her light-blue hair waved in the breeze.

I walked to her and peered down at the water for what had caught her attention. Blue-gray dolphins, their bodies sleek and wet, swam along the ship, breaking the surface and singing their own strange, nickering song before diving beneath the waves. There were a dozen of them.

They like to swim in ship's wakes, I told her. Playing.

I can see that, she said. They're cute.

I leaned against the railing and stared at the rest of the ship. Nearby, Angela gripped the railing, bent over it like Xandra did, but she wasn't watching the dolphins. Sophia stood beside the knight, rubbing Angela's lower back and holding back her fiery hair as she emptied her stomach's contents into the sea.

Everyone else was inside, Thrak and Faoril dealing with the captain's bold commands while Minx had led off Xera, monopolizing the elf's cock. She was on her first day of being in heat, having her cock. She would only have two more.

And I wanted to watch the elf fuck my wife with her dick. Xera was the perfect way to ease Xandra out of her rigid morality. She clung to the antiquated notion that marriage meant fidelity. Yes, Luben the God of Love preached it, and there were those men and women who took it seriously.

But where was the fun in that?

If I could convince Xandra to open herself up, it would be easier for me to seduce other women. And I had to do that. I was a changeling. Any married woman was attractive to me. I ached to seduce them.

And Xandra was married. To me. As I stared at her, the white aura that surrounded her made her so appealing. My heart thudded. I loved taking her as myself, revealing in the thrill of a woman who loved me. Who was my wife. 

But I still wanted other women.

So how could I get Minx away from Xera? As I listened to my wifes chortles of delight at the dolphins, my mind worked over the problem. I needed someone to distract Minx. To seduce her. Thrak was out of the picture. The orc was tied up, maybe literally, in the captain's cabin. And I couldn't distract the halfling. I wanted the threesome with Xera. To have us share my wife's body. 

It made me so hard.

I needed someone else. And there really only was Sophia. She hadn't seduced Minx yet. She hadn't had a chance. And I don't think Sophia had tried that hard. Not like she had tried to seduce my Xandra. Maybe Minx was too sexually free, or maybe it was the fact Minx enjoyed Xera too much that Sophia hadn't bothered.

That had to change.

I gave my wife a kiss on the cheek and a pat on the ass before I sauntered down the deck to Angela and Sophia. The sailors, all big men, eyed my wife with hungry eyes. Seeing Xandra gangbanged, dripping with cum and wearing a smile on her lips shot through my mind.

Maybe one day. Baby steps. Seduction had to be slow. My dick throbbed. Seducing my own wife was intoxicating.

I leaned against the railing as Angela groaned. 

Is it as bad as the trip from Raratha? I asked.

Angela shook her head. No, no. Maybe I'm getting used to the rocking... Ugh, why does it have to rock so badly?

The ship's slim and it doesn't have a wide berm, I explained, so it is more affected by the waves. It causes the ship to rock more. And we are going fast, knifing through the seas.

How do you know that? Sophia asked, her green eyes blinking.

I shrugged. I travel a lot. I've sailed up and down the Nimborgoth on many ships. The wider, slower ones don't rock as much as the faster, leaner ships.

Great, Angela complained. We had to go and pick a swift pirate ship.

Lying down helps, I added. And drink lots of water.

Sophia gave me a look. Do you want to talk to me, Chaun?

I shrugged. Just passing the time. Trying to be helpful.

She narrowed her eyes as Angela pushed from the railing. The knight muttered something about lying down as she stalked off. Sophia turned, folding her arms before her. She always was a little suspicious of me.

Did you enjoy my wife?

You know I did, Sophia smirked. She glanced at my wife. Why, looking to watch me go down on her right on deck? Because I won't. Too many sailors around. You get to watch, not them.

I laughed. You have a perverted mind.

I do. She grinned. Like you. So what are you thinking about? What naughty idea do you have for your wife next?

I've noticed you haven't been with Minx.

She's attached to Xera even when the elf doesn't have a cock. Sophia smirked. Now, I think it's literal. She's probably in the cabin with her tiny cunt impaled on the elf's cock.

Probably. Poor Xera.

Why poor Xera? I thought all you men, and hermaphroditic elves, loved being in pussy. I don't blame you, I love fingering and tonguing cunt. It's the best thing in the world.

Must be exhausting. That Minx is insatiable.

And if I took Minx off of Xera's cock, she would be free to fuck your wife?

Yes, I nodded.

Xandra gave a giggle. Out of the corner of my eye, she straightened and turned around. She smiled at me then rushed over, her colorful, sleeveless blouse rippling in the breeze. She stopped before us and threw her arms around my neck, giving me a hungry kiss.

Dolphin's done playing? I asked.

Xandra nodded. But they were so cute. You would have loved them, Sophia.

I would have, Sophia said, reaching out to stroke Xandra's hair. Mmm, and so are you. Want to go into the cabin and relax?

Xandra blushed and squirmed.

I gave Sophia a look. What was she doing? The acolyte gave me an innocent smile as she stroked my wife's blushing cheek. Sophia turned Xandra's chin then leaned over, planting a hot kiss on my wife's lips.

Xandra squirmed more while my dick ached in my pants, rising to press at my codpiece. Sophia's tongue probed my wife's lips. Xandra moaned, her cheeks growing even redder as her sapphire eyes closed.

Then Sophia broke the kiss, leaving my wife gasping. Are you sure you don't want to relax with me, Xandra?

I-I'm sure. She looked up at me. I would rather relax with my husband.

Your loss shrugged Sophia. She glanced at me. And I'm not touching Minx right now. She is dripping with elf-cum. Eww.

What was that about? Xandra asked as Sophia walked across the deck.

Just talking about Xera and her big dick and how Minx is monopolizing it. I glanced down at her. 

It's...strange seeing her with a cock.

I know. She's so soft, so feminine, and then there is a huge cock. I bet it makes your pussy so hot.

Chaun, she moaned in embarrassment, pressing her face right into my chest. Don't say things like that.

It's okay, I told her, stroking her hair. I don't mind if you think about Xera's dick. Or Thrak's.

I never would, she said. I won't break our marriage vows.

An idea popped into my head. We couldn't play with Xerayet. But there was another way to mold my wife. I bet your hot pussy needs satisfaction.

She lifted her head. A smile grew on her lips. It does. It would be so husbandly of you to help me out with it.

Gladly. I stroked her face. She was such an innocent creature. Corrupting her would be so much fun. I love you.

Her smile grew even more beautiful as she lifted up on her tiptoes to kiss me on the mouth. I did love her. I knew that now. It was intoxicating. I could see the man she was married to, the man she loved dancing through her thoughts.

Me.

How could I not fall in love with her? I lost my heart to her.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Xandra

I stripped naked and bent over the hammock, the netting pressing on my stomach. It swung me back and forth, my small breasts jiggling as I wiggled my ass at Chaun. I watched him strip. His clothing was so complicated. All these buttons holding everything together. It didn't come off easily.

But he was finally naked. His skin so ebony. His cock thrust hard before him. I licked my lips and shook my ass, eager to feel him in me. My pussy itched. Juices dripped down my thighs. Sophia's kiss had aroused me.

I yearned to enjoy her again.

Which was so wicked of me. Just like my thoughts turned to Thrak's cock and Xera's dick. Why? I had a husband. I loved him. I didn't love the others. They didn't make my heart race for joy. I didn't miss them when we were apart. I didn't want to whisper my deepest thoughts and desires to them. My fears.

I didn't want them to comfort me when I was sad.

But I wanted to fuck them. It was disgusting. I was an avian woman now. Yes, I could not transform into a bird, but that didn't change what I was. We mated for life. We did not act on our bodies weak desires. 

We stayed faithful. Like Luben would want us.

You've been thinking about Thrak's cock, Chaun said. I can see hints of him in your thoughts.
I blushed. Y-you know that?

Of course. I look at a woman and see whom she loves, and whom she desires.

I trembled, biting my lip. Who do I love?

Me. And you desire me greatly, but Thrak is on the edges. You want to experience his big cock and strong body. You want to be fucked hard by him.

My cheeks warmed. I squirmed, my pussy growing juicier as I imagined his swarthy body and thick cock. He was huge, far taller than Chaun or anyone else in the party. Even Xera. And so broad. He was a living rock. Muscular and scarred and so tough.

I'm sorry. I can't help it. I know it's wrong.

It's not. Chaun touched my ass. I don't mind. I find it sexy. I would love to watch Thrak take you. Or for the pair of us to make love to you together. We've shared Faoril before. It was hot having the woman please us both.

Chaun, I groaned, so embarrassed. We're married.

Well, there is a way for you to experience Thrak's cock without breaking your vows, he said, his voice growing deeper as he spoke.

My eyes widened as he changed. Transformed. His midnight-black skin became the swarthy red-brown of Thrak. He swelled bigger, his chest expanding, shoulders broadening. His face became fierce, his white hair thick and woolly. And his cock swelled to Thrak's girth.

My eyes widened, staring at the tip of the huge dick, remembering how it stretched Faoril's cunt last night. My pussy clenched as Thrakno, he was my husbandlumbered forward. Rough, large hands seized my hips.

This is what you want, he said in the orc's deep rumble, rubbing that thick cock against my pussy. Isn't it, slut?

Yes, I moaned. I didn't have to hide my feelings from Chaun. I loved him. I could tell him anything, and he would still love me. Yes, I do. I want to feel it, Thrak.

Even saying the name, pretending it was the real Thrak and not my husband, sent a shudder through me. This wasn't cheating, but I could still satisfy my curiosity for the orc's big cock. I squirmed, the hammock swaying beneath me.

Fuck me, Thrak. Do it! I need to feel that cock. It looks so big. Faoril loved it. The words poured out of me, my desires revealed. It was safe to speak them, to unleash them. I wasn't breaking my marriage vows.

Only pretending to.

Thrak rubbed his cock up and down my pussy. I groaned, savoring the tip pushing apart my lips, teasing me. My toes curled as they dangled off the hammock. My nipples ached so much. I pinched them as he teased me.

Please, please, I'm so wet. I don't need any foreplay. Just your cock, Thrak. In me.

Eager to break your marriage vows. To fuck my cock. What would your husband think?

That he has a hot, sexy wife. A slut. I pinched harder at my nipples. They were connected to my pussy. The sensations shot right down to them. I squirmed, moaning louder. My nipples were so hard. They ached. 

You think he would approve? The tip of the dick entered my pussy. The hammock swung, his cock moving me forward. And then the hammock swung backward, and my pussy slid down Thrak's big, thick cock.

Yes, yes, yes, I shouted, not caring about the question as my pussy was stretched. Thrak's cock was huge. It widened me. I shuddered, my ass clenching and relaxing. I liked the size of the dick. My hot cunt gripped it, pleasure shooting through me. So big.

Would your husband approve? growled Thrak, his rough hands rubbing up and down my back, and sides.

He would, I moaned. He wants to watch me with others. To know that I'm his hot, slutty wife. I don't know why. He shouldn't want anyone to touch me. He should want me all to himself.

But you're just so beautiful. Thrak's rumbling voice made me shiver. The hammock creaked, swinging slightly, moving my pussy an inch up his cock. Pleasure rippled through me. His dick teased my pussy. He wants to see your passion explode, to watch you writhe and feel pleasure. He wants to share it with you.

He wants to fuck other women, I moaned, squirming. A surge of anger shot through me. I'm his wife. He shouldn't want anyone but me.

And you want to fuck other men. Me.

The rumbling words made me shuddered again, my body rocking, the hammock swinging, sliding my pussy an inch or two up and down his cock. I gasped, loving the sensation. Thrak was right. I wanted to be with other men.

But I didn't want to break my vows. That wasn't Thrak fucking me but Chaun. I wasn't cheating. It would be so wrong.

And that adds its own spice. It's what makes your cunt so wet. How wrong this is? You're breaking your vows, Xandra. And it makes your pussy so hot. Your snatch's clenching on my dick. Your pussy is boiling. Your juices dripping. You love this.

I do. I'm such a wicked wife. The words increased my excitement. My hips undulated. I swung the hammock by moving my arms, sliding my cunt up and down his cock. It was so wicked. My hair dangled and my nipples throbbed.

You are a wicked wife, Thrak groaned and seized my hips.

He didn't fuck me. He slid my pussy up and down his cock. The hammock creaked and groaned as I swung back and forth, his cock sawing in and out of my depths. I loved it. My toes curled as they brushed the wood decking. His dick went so deep in me when he swung me close then slid out to the tip, leaving me aching to be filled.

I gasped and moaned, loving every second of it. I was such a wicked wife for enjoying Thrak's cock. He was so big. My pussy squirmed and clenched. I bit my lip as the pleasure swelled in my depths.

Thrak swung me faster. I bottomed out on his cock, slapping into his groin. My clit throbbed at the impact. Pleasure shot through me. My pussy clenched on his dick. I groaned and gasped. I wiggled my hips, loving his dick so deep in me. I groaned as he pushed me away. My flesh clung to him. He was so big it almost hurt.

I ached as his hips thrust.

The smack of our flesh grew louder. His balls thwacked against my clit. They were heavy, filled with his cum. His thrusts slapped me forward, the hammock swinging as my juices kept me lubed. I moaned and bit my lip, swiveling my hips as the pleasure swelled.

Let me hear you moan. How much do you love my cock?

It's so good, I groaned. Oh, Thrak, it almost hurts. I ache, but I love it. I want to cum. I'm going to cum.

Good. Cum, slut. Let me feel that married cunt spasm on my dick. Be the whore. Let it explode out of you.

Yes, Thrak.

My body twisted as the pleasure built. His dick sent naughty flutters through me with each thrust. I gasped and groaned. Every thrust ignited the fires inside of me. They swelled, burning hotter and hotter, threatening to consume me.

I wanted them to consume me.

Yes, yes, yes, Thrak. So good. I love your cock fucking me. Oh, yes. I'm such a wicked wife. So wicked... Oh, Luben, forgive me!

I came.

My pussy spasmed on his dick. I thrashed on the hammock, the diamond-patterned twine digging into my stomach as my hair flew about my head. The pleasure burned out of my pussy, consuming my flesh. An inferno of rapture burned through my mind. I milked his cock with my hot cunt, bucking and thrashing.

Yes, Thrak. So good.

You're cumming hard, he grunted, hand squeezing me. Your married cunt's eager for my cum.

So eager. My toes curled. Cum in me. It was so wrong to beg another man to cum in my pussy. Yes, yes, fill me with your jizz. I'm such a wicked wife.

Thrak grunted and thrust his dick into my spasming pussy. Another orgasm roared out of my cunt, burning me with wicked delight. I groaned, squeezing my eyes shut as the bliss consumed me. Thrak buried his cock into me.

His hot jizz flooded me. I was such a naughty wife. My mind burned, consumed by the rapture. The fires raged through me while I gasped and moaned, my naughty cunt milking every drop of his cum into my pussy.

Another man's cum. I loved it.

Oh, Thrak, I moaned as the pleasure receded.

Xandra, he panted, his voice thick with pleasure. He pulled out of me. I didn't fight as he rolled me over onto my back, my legs hanging off the side, his jizz dripping out of me. He loomed over me and leaned down to kiss me.

I closed my eyes then froze, for a single moment forgetting that it was my husband in Thrak's form. He came closer. I felt his breath on me. I licked my lips, eager to kiss my lover and... 

No, no. Not as Thrak. As you. I ripped my eyes open. I wanted Thrak to kiss me. Please, Chaun.

The smile on Thrak's lips changed, becoming the cocky grin of my husband as he shrank, black skin replacing swarthy, silvery hair sprouting from woolly. My husband's face appeared. I seized his neck and pulled him down for a hard kiss. My legs locked about his waist, pulling him in. His hard cock nudged my pussy lips.

I need my true husband, I moaned, breaking the kiss. Not Thrak. He was too big. I'm sore. It was good, but it hurt. You don't.

He smiled at me and kissed me again as he thrust into my cum-filled pussy. I closed my eyes, savoring the feeling of a dick that wasn't too huge. But just right. I didn't need Thrak or other men. 

Well, maybe occasionally it was fun. And maybe...if Chaun was with me...

No. No, no, no. Just Chaun.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Knight-Errant Angela

Do you think we'll find the Mirage Gardens easily? Sophia asked as she cuddled next to me in my hammock. It was tight and her every movement made it squirm.

Which did not help my stomach.

Of course, I said.

Easily?

Probably not. I grinned at my lover. But when does anything ever go easy for us.

She smiled, stroking my hair. Her brown hair fell about her face. Her small breasts were naked, nipples hard. They were in easy reach, beading with her milk. Whenever a new bout of nausea came on me, I just had to suckle and feel better.

It was so wonderful of her to be here, nursing me, loving me.

I watched an errant bead of milk trickle down from her nipple, crossing her small mound before reaching my flesh. It was warm and creamy. My nose flared, catching the scent, I squirmed and licked my lips.

Feeling nausea? Sophia asked.

Just hungry, I purred and leaned over, latching onto her nipple.

The hammock swayed as I drank. Sophia purred as her milk flowed into my mouth. It was thick and creamy. I swallowed it. The milk poured down my mouth and warmed my belly. It was so delicious. I closed my eyes, nursing hard.

Sophia's hand crept down my body. She pressed between my naked thighs and found me wet. I sighed about her nipple as her fingers lightly played with my clit, stimulating me, teasing me, but not making me cum.

It's out there in the Halanian Desert, Sophia purred. They say you have to make an offering to the efreet who rules it to enter. A gift in the middle of the desert. A nubile, naked woman.

I suckled harder.

He has a harem, she continued. Dusky-skinned jinn, demigoddess of uncountable beauty. Dark eyes, long lashes, and all trained to please.

Her fingers rubbed harder at my clit as her excitement grew. I nursed as Sophia drifted into her fantasy. Her red lips moved. I stared at them as my pussy clenched. Pleasure tingled through me, my clit aching.

Doesn't that sound perfect? All those sexy jinn lounging in a beautiful garden. Pools of water, green plants. Making love with each other amid perfumed censors. It sounds like paradise. It would be perfect if there wasn't an efreet.

Mmm, but with him gone. It would be amazing. Making love to those beautiful jinn, licking their pussies, suckling on their breasts. I bet they taste like honey. Oh, my Queen, can you imagine it?

I pictured Sophia's pale body amid their dusky flesh, hands touching, roaming, women sighing. My hips undulated as her milk squirted into my mouth. Every swallow warmed my belly more, drifting down to my pussy and my swelling orgasm.

It did sound like the perfect place for Sophia. I wanted to see her frolicking in the gardens, moving from jinn to jinn, licking and fucking, fingering and fisting. She would make them all cum. They would gasp and moan. She would writhe and be so beautiful.

My toes curled as the pleasure built. I gasped as my pussy clenched. The hammock swung. Her finger circled my clit, teasing it, rubbing it, massaging it. I suckled hard, milk squirting into my mouth as the pleasure crested in me.

And spilled bliss through my body.

Yes, yes, Angela, you see it, moaned Sophia, still stroking me. You see them. That's it. Cum while picturing us in the Mirage Gardens.

The pleasure roared through me. My mouth fell from her nipple so I could gasp, Yes, yes, you would be so beautiful among them. Oh, Sophia. So good.

I live to please you, my Queen, purred Sophia.

She rubbed my clit through my orgasm. I shuddered, my pillowy tits heaved and then the pleasure retreated. I smiled at her, my hand reaching up, stroking her cheeks. She grinned and lifted her fingers, sticky with my juices, to her lips.

We'll find the Mirage Gardens, I told her. We'll need a guide or something. A way to navigate the desert. We have to be deep in it to find the gardens. Traveling to one of the oasis the Halanians live at.

A caravan, Sophia grinned. Maybe there'll be another Halanian belly dancer. I need to learn how to dance better. Then I'll make your pussy explode.

I can't wait, I grinned.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Yowlia  The Free City of Hargone

I followed behind my master, Farson, lead by my chain connected to my collar, the only thing I wore. I smiled as the bare-chested, Halanian men watched me, thick scimitars hanging from the colorful slashes holding up their beige pantaloons. They were all guards for the merchant who lay beyond the screen of pink silk.

My master, wearing the black armor of a Shizhuthian warleader, pushed aside the silk and stepped into the merchant's office. The man looked up and nodded. He, too, was Halanian, with ebony skin and an oiled, white beard drawn to a point. He wore a thick turban decorated in gold chains and had rings on each finger studded with precious gems.

Welcome, welcome, Aswunt said. When my overseer said a Shizhuthian wanted to guard my caravan, well, I had to see that with my own eyes. Very impressive. You even have a lamia slave.
Farson grunted. You travel the deep deserts?

Yes, yes, nodded Aswunt. Dangerous. Many bandits, but also much wealth to be had. The spices grown around the oasis, each one different, each one worth so much to the lands across the Nimborgoth. You'll make a silver a day.

A gold.

I blinked at that. My master wanted to join the caravan because the knight would need to hire one. Farson believed she would arrive today or tomorrow. He wanted to kill her in the deep desert during a raid of desertmen or a sandstorm. To kill her in the confusion.

Her allies were powerful.

So we needed to be hired. I did not understand why he haggled. And asked so much? What if the merchant rejected him?

A gold, laughed the merchant. Preposterous. You think you're worth a dozen armed men? Two silver. Nothing more.

A gold. Repeated my master. Farson folded his arms, still holding to my leash.

My tail swung behind me. My ears twitched. What was he doing?

Two silver, no more. Take it or leave. I have preparations to make. I don't have time to Seljan's contract!

The shadows in the room moved and writhed. One tickled my pussy as I knelt, a soft caress as my master worked the powers he learned in Shizhuth. The merchant clutched at his chest as shadows reached for him.

Shadowmancer, Aswunt gasped, sweat pouring down his ebony brow, bejeweled fingers pulling at pointed beard. One gold. Yes, yes. One gold. You are worth it.

The shadows leaped back to normal. Good. And you leave on the morning after tomorrow, yes?

At dawn.

Farson's armor creaked as he bowed. We shall be there.

Waiting for Angela. My claws flexed as I purred in happy delight. Master would kill her, and we would earn such a bounty.

To be continued...