Zaxan's Paradise 2:  Cassie of Earth
By Mannheim Knot

- -
NOTE:  This story was originally published under another of my pen names.  Same author, different incarnation.
- -
PREVIOUS CHAPTER:   
BACKSTORY--Denubis Prime is a planet where the males still possess the ability to empathically feel the emotions of others but the females have lost touch with all emotions, even their own.  Their females once ran the planet, their dominance tempered by their empathic bond to the males.  But generations ago, the females attempted to increase their power by removing their empathic bonds to their males through viral genetic engineering.  The failed experiment, now known as The Great Betrayal, left the females unable to feel anything at all.  The once mild-mannered males became dominant, and have turned to seeking their sexual and emotional pleasures by abducting females from other worlds.  The males' generational memories of The Great Betrayal have left them with a burning desire to dominate all females and to feed off whatever emotions the experience can generate.  

CHAPTER ONE:  As a reward for his son's hard work at the Academy, Sarcon sends fourteen-year-old Zaxan to a new planet called Earth to seek his first sexual conquests.  Sarcon is one of the wealthiest men on Denubis Prime and wants to indulge the boy by letting him be the first to take a human female.  Zaxan lands outside Albuquerque, New Mexico, and his first conquest is a beautiful Latina teen named Tierra.  He abducts her from a mall and the physically superior Zaxan rather casually rapes her.  He finds the intense emotions of human females beyond belief, and he thrills to her terror and hatred.  When Zaxan's vibratory ejaculation stimulates the girl to forced climax, he finds her arousal equally intoxicating.  After his orgasm, Zaxan realizes that the chemicals in his semen, originally evolved to create bonding between Denubian parents, have a profound effect on humans.  Tierra immediately becomes his love slave. Zaxan feels his first inklings of fondness for a female.
IN THIS CHAPTER:  Tierra agrees to help Zaxan explore a variety of sexual relationships with more Earth girls. He has electronically tagged a busty blonde co-ed as his next conquest.

Alien, teen male/teen female, romance, consensual sex
. . .

Zaxan sent Tierra home after their third go-around that afternoon.  She left reluctantly, but he promised to see her again the next day.  He needed a sleep cycle to process his thoughts.

The next afternoon, Tierra reported to the agreed-upon transport site earlier than expected.  Judging by the timing of her arrival, she had either left her track practice early or run to the location.  Zaxan asked Tana to transport the girl to the shuttle, and instructed the computer not to anesthetize her upon arrival.

"Zaxy!" Tierra cried upon seeing him and ran across the cargo bay to give him a kiss.  "I think I missed you.  I was fine through school all day, but when I knew it was going to be time to see you, I got really excited.  You know... down there.  It was kind of cool."

"I'm glad you like the way you feel now, Tierra, although I will miss raping you," he said, not bothering to hide the fact that it was quite a fond memory for him.

"But you liked it when I was willing, too, didn't you?" She seemed afraid he might have lost interest in her.

"Oh yes.  Fucking you is fun no matter what the circumstances, Tierra.  And if I need a really intense experience like that again I can always rape another girl."

"I'll help if you want me to," she said and then got a strange look on her face.  It was an odd mix of anticipation and regret.  "I should feel awful for saying that."

"Well, you know how she's going to feel afterwards," he offered.

"I do.  And that somehow frees me to do it.  I've... I've always had this sort of anger inside me.  My brother has it, too.  Our parents were kind of awful to us when we were little.  Now, my dad's long gone, and my mom just ignores us since we're too big for her to hurt us anymore.  Hector's always gone out and looked for fights, but I've never been willing to hurt anybody.  Now, I could sort of do that without causing any long-term damage.  Do you know how that feels?"

Zaxan thought carefully before he answered.  Then he realized that whatever Denubian secrets or shame he shared with her were safe.  She was his slave in many, many ways.  "Every Denubian male feels that way, Tierra.  Our females betrayed us in the worst way.  Now, we take other females for our pleasure, but if they are unwilling to pleasure us and we take them by force, we always release them with no memories of what happened.  No permanent damage, just a brief period where we were in total control."

"And you would have done that with me?" she asked.  "Released me with no memory of the rape?"

"Yes.  But now there is no need.  Your bonding to me is very deep, and it leaves you feeling happy."

"I am happy.  But I think I'm a little evil now, too."

"Maybe," he said, wondering if the term `evil' applied to him, too.  "But it seems that you've become a little like we are.  You see the chance to exercise complete control without doing harm, and you're willing to take it.  But I doubt you're nearly as evil as you feel you are.  I think the--what was the word you used to describe my control over you?"

"Thrall?"

"Yes.  I think the thrall can only go so far.  I don't think you would murder someone just because I told you to."

"No, I don't think I would.  But Zaxan, I would die for you."

Zaxan thought about that for a while.  He essentially owned this girl now.  She was his love slave, without a doubt.  But he was also fond of her, too.  As a matter of fact, only his fondness for his father could compare with what he felt for her.  And Denubians did have a moral code, even if it was far different from that of humans.  He owed this girl something more than occasional pleasure.  Yes, he was certain of that.  "Tierra Lopez, I would die for you, too."  

For the second time in his association with this girl, Zaxan felt a powerful emotion come from inside him instead of just feeling it from her.  Of course, Tierra had a very strong emotional reaction to his declaration as well, and he ended up with the not-at-all unpleasant task of holding the tall and slender Latina as she completely fell to pieces.  She had bonded to him because Denubians had evolved to have chemicals in their semen that brought about that reaction in some species, but despite the fact that she was induced to love him, her feelings were very real.  Zaxan still didn't have the same powerful emotions that humans possessed, but he absorbed the passion in her embrace.  While it faded somewhat when he wasn't physically near, Tierra loved him desperately whenever he was in the room with her.

"My sweet little girl," he said happily when she had regained her composure.  "I do want your help with the next girl, but I don't think I'm ready for quite the experience I had yesterday.  I slept for a cycle-and-a-half after you left.  Physically, I could go all night, but emotionally... Let's just say that raping Earther girls is for special occasions and we need to come up with some other plans for getting girls to fuck me."

They spent the next few hours coming up with schemes and scenarios.  Tierra had a very creative mind, and her ideas ranged from synthesizing his semen into something that could be injected to elaborate ruses and deceptions.  Zaxan didn't like the notion of just injecting girls.  It lacked the powerful emotional experience he craved.  But he did take the idea and have Tana set her logic fibers to weaponizing his semen as a way to pacify humans if he and his lovely co-conspirator ever found themselves in a sticky situation.

After exploring plans that were often so complicated or ridiculous that they sent the two fourteen-year-olds into fits of laughter, they settled on one that seemed workable for each of the two girls he had tagged.  Zaxan checked on his two prospective conquests.  If neither was in a good position to be transported, they would have to go somewhere and find a different girl.  

The tween redhead was at someplace called The New Mexico Academy of the Dance, and was surrounded by people.  Zaxan still believed the only way to bring her to the shuttle unnoticed would be to take her from her bed at night.  It was considered the classic method, after all.  Still he longed for something more than that with her.  No being had ever struck him as being a beautiful innocent the way that girl had.  

The NMU student was another matter.  She appeared to be in an isolated study room in a library.  Zaxan understood that.  He spent many hours in solitude working on his studies.  Even his vacation here on Earth was going to provide him with plenty of material for his essays in linguistics class.  But there might never be a better opportunity to snatch the otherwise very social creature away without her friends immediately noticing her absence.  Zaxan instructed the ship's computer, Tana, to transport the girl.  They initiated what Tierra had dubbed "Operation Seduction," a plan in which the college girl was actually going to seduce the alien in the end.

The blonde girl was immediately anesthetized upon materializing in the transport tube.  Zaxan pitched her onto his shoulder and carried her to the room that had been set up per Tierra's plan.  Zaxan found the new design to be rather chilling, but his beautiful co-conspirator emphasized that the frightening appearance was rather the point.  Zaxan stripped the new girl down to her cut-off shorts and bra before he placed her on one of the cold metal tables they had hastily assembled.  Tierra stripped to the same level of undress and hopped up on her matching table wearing only her sports bra and running shorts.  

"Damn," Tierra whispered, "look at the body on that girl.  You're gonna have some fun with those big tits and that flat belly.  And she's gonna have some fun with you."  Zaxan grinned just like any fourteen-year-old human boy would if he was told he was going to have sex with a gorgeous college girl.  He fastened both girls down with restraints as he fought the urge to just take advantage of the blonde's vulnerable position.  He reminded himself that he really wasn't in the mood for another rape.  He waved a vial of antidote under the blonde's nose and left the room in the few seconds it took her to come around.  He turned on the cameras and intercom so he could spy on them.

"Hey, blonde girl!  Hey, you awake, over there?" Tierra whispered urgently.

"Wha--what?  Oh god, where am I?" the girl asked, taking on the same whispery tone.

"I'm over here.  Can you see me?" Tierra asked.

The girl turned to her and saw that the pretty dark-haired girl in the room with her was bound to the table in the same fashion.  "Where are we?" the blonde asked in hushed tones.  "What are they doing to us?  What the hell is that thing with all the needles?"

"This is gonna sound crazy, but I think we're in a government lab or something," Tierra said in what sounded convincingly like a terrified whisper.  "There's this big guy, and he comes in every so often and looks at that computer and then leaves.  He won't answer any questions or anything though, and I haven't been able to get a good look at his face."

"Why would they grab me?" the blonde asked.  "I'm not involved in anything with the government or military."

"Me neither!  I'm a freshman at Albuquerque East."

"I'm a freshman at the U.  Did they do anything to hurt you at all, sweetie?"  On the other side of the door, Zaxan couldn't get the full effect of the emotional vibes from the girl, but he could tell that she instinctively felt an earnest sense of protectiveness toward the younger Tierra.

"No," Tierra said.  "But they took my shirt and shoes and I didn't have my cell phone with me.  Do you have yours?"

The blonde wiggled her backside for a bit.  "Yeah, it's in my back pocket.  I'll see if I can reach it."

"Who can we call?" the younger girl moaned.  "I don't even know where we're at!"

"I think if I call 9-1-1 they might be able to trace the location of the phone."

"God, you're smart!  What's your name?"

"Cassandra.  Cassie.  You?"

"Tierra."

"Stay strong, Tierra.  We'll get out of this yet."  Zaxan was impressed that Cassandra tried to put on a brave face even though her inner emotional vibrations indicated that she believed they were very unlikely to escape or get rescued.  He watched the monitor as she tried to wiggle her hand down to her pocket.

"Tana, you have her signal blocked in case I don't get there fast enough, right?"

"Sure thing, handsome," the computer purred in Kathleen Turner's voice, Zaxan's personal adjustment to the original programming.

As soon as the girl got to her phone, he rushed into the room and pried it from her hands.  He was amazed by how close Cassandra had gotten.  Denubians were far more agile than humans, but Tierra had warned him that teenage girls dialed cellphones remarkably fast.  She hadn't even been able to see the phone, but she had already gotten 9-1-1 punched in.  He had gotten to her right before she hit `send.'  "Hey, who are you?" Cassandra called after him as he left with the phone.  He gave her no reply.

"Did you see his face, Cassandra?"  Tierra asked.  "He looked like he was..."

"About your age, and as scared as we are.  I know.  Tierra, I don't think this is a government lab."

"Then what the hell is it?"

"I'm an engineering major, and my dad is a physics professor, and I have never seen any of this kind of equipment before.  Plus, did you see how fast that kid moved?  I don't think he's from around here."

"Is he... Russian?" Tierra asked as if that would explain any of the things Cassandra said.

"No, sweetie.  He's from further away than that."

"You're out of your mind!  An alien!  Come on, Cassandra, keep it together."

"You explain how they got me out of a huge library without anyone noticing.  Where'd they get you from?"

"Track practice," Tierra said as if the location was leading her to realize that something unearthly must have happened.  "Oh, God.  They're going to cut us up or something."

"Maybe not, Tierra.  Think about the number of people in New Mexico who claim to have been abducted and returned.  We're going to be okay, honey.  We'd rather have it be them than some black ops government thing right?  Those guys scare me worse than aliens ever would."

Zaxan felt Tierra suppress a laugh.  She couldn't help but agree with the college girl.  Tierra's experience with aliens had been pretty fun so far.  "What do we do, Cassie?"

Cassandra was quiet for a long time.  When she spoke, she tried to sound far more certain of herself than she actually was.  Zaxan could feel some of the stress she was under, but her protective urges and concern for her fellow captive kept her together.  He desperately wanted to be in the room with her and be able to absorb more of what she was feeling.  Tierra was brave, but this girl went beyond that.  He felt like the right human word to describe her was probably `noble.' He knew his opportunity to truly feel the emotions inside her would come soon.  When Cassandra spoke, she was feeling slightly guilty about what she was suggesting, even though she was in a life or death situation.  "Well, he does seem to be male, and scared, and probably lonely.  And you're a very pretty girl about his age."

"You're prettier than I am.  Look at your body!  Sorry, that was weird, Cassandra."

"It's okay, Tierra, and I'd kill for long legs like yours.  We'll both try, okay?  Do you have any experience with boys?"

"I'm sorry, Cassie.  I'm really shy with guys.  I'm scared of doing stuff, and my family is very, very Catholic.  I'll try, but..."  Tierra stopped speaking as the door opened.  Zaxan moved in and looked at a computer display.

"Hey.  My name's Cassie.  What's yours?"  Zaxan froze but didn't reply.  He waited for his co-conspirator.

"I'm T-tierra, let's be friends, okay?"

Zaxan again didn't respond, but this time he took a quick peek back at Tierra.  "My friend is pretty scared," Cassandra said, picking up on the glance at Tierra.  "Could you please be a nice guy and tell her that you're not going to hurt her?"

Zaxan didn't turn toward them, but spoke in a shaky whisper.  "I'm sorry, but I'm not really supposed to talk to the visitors."

Zaxan felt a profound sense of relief coming from Cassandra, and a heightened sense of hope.  "Visitors?  Come on.  We're strapped down."

"I really am sorry about that," he said, still not turning toward them.  "Safety regulations.  There are parts of the shuttle that are dangerous to humans."

"Please," Tierra said softly.  "We're scared and lonely.  Haven't you ever been scared and lonely?"  Zaxan sensed pride in Tierra coming from Cassandra.  She really did seem to care for the younger girl.  Her protectiveness wasn't tied to anything but the decency of her soul.  Cassandra had no sexual or romantic feelings for Tierra; Zaxan would have sensed that.  The blonde beauty was just... nice.  "Can't you tell us anything?"

"We won't harm you," he said.  "But we can't let you go for quite a long time, either.  That could lead to our being detected.  I really... I really am sorry for all this.  My superiors mean well, but sometimes they don't think about anything but the mission."  He turned and faced them.  "And they've found that emotional attachments to the visitors complicate things."  He looked at Cassandra and then to Tierra.  He held the gaze at each for a moment longer than seemed normal.  "Our species forms attachments easily," he whispered.

Zaxan felt something stir within Cassandra.  She was a romantic soul, and she sensed that this vulnerable young alien was truly falling for Tierra.  "We form attachments, too," she said and moved her eyes toward her fellow captive.  "Don't we, Tierra?"

"Yes, we do," the younger girl whispered and blushed.  Zaxan felt a bit of sexual arousal coming from both girls now.  Tierra was really into her role as the innocent young girl, and Cassandra was being swept up in the vicarious romance of it all.

"Do you feel an attachment to Tierra?" Cassandra asked in a sweet voice.

He turned to the blonde and looked at her like answering the question would make his life more difficult.  She tilted her head slightly and pleaded with her eyes.  Zaxan sighed.  It appeared as if she had broken him down.  "Yes," he said and hung his head slightly.  "She reminds me of my little sister back home.  I just want to hold her and tell her it will be alright."

"Oh," Cassandra said.  "I'm sorry, I thought I was picking up on something else.  You almost seem like you're hiding some romantic feelings."

He looked at Cassandra with his mouth slightly open.  When he spoke, he rushed his words like a seventh grade boy asking his first crush to the Valentine's Day dance.  "You're like the dawn over the mountains," he told the blonde and fled the room.  Once outside, he grinned.  He figured it was about damned time he left a human girl with a metaphor she couldn't understand.  He heard Cassandra's breath catch, and felt a warm response from her heart.  She took his phrase to mean exactly what he'd hoped she would when he made it up.  Tierra's plan was working incredibly well.  A direct romantic approach with Cassandra would have frightened her off, or at least left her feeling queasy.  First opening her mind to the idea of a romance blossoming between the other two and then using her receptiveness to the idea to turn it around on her would catch her off guard.  The onus of seducing the vulnerable boy fell on her now.

Zaxan returned a few minutes later with a tray and two tiny patches.  He crossed to Tierra.  "Little one," he said softly and stroked her hair.  "I have to give you some medicine.  The voyage to our mother ship is only a few hours, but the effects of warp can make humans violently ill.  This medicine will prevent that.  It will give you a euphoric feeling for a few seconds, but then it will make you sleepy.  Please know that I will never let any harm come to you, and that when we get to the big ship we will be able to let you move about.  May I?"  

"I'm scared," Tierra said.  "What if it doesn't work right on humans?  What if it poisons me?"

"It's okay, sweetie," Cassandra said.  "I'll go first.  Then you'll know it's safe."

Zaxan felt a huge spike of emotion come from Tierra, and he actually felt a small one coming from his own heart.  Cassandra was risking her life for a girl she had just met several minutes before.  "Are you sure, Cassie?" Tierra asked.

"Yeah.  I should go first.  I'm the oldest."  She looked at Zaxan with her intelligent blue-grey eyes.  "Please don't let me die," she whispered to him.  "That wouldn't comfort her very much."

"It's safe," he said, turning away from Tierra after gently brushing her hair back from her face and kissing her on the forehead.  "You'll feel a slight euphoria, Cassandra, and then gently drift off to sleep."  He began to open the package containing the patch.

"You never did tell me your name," Cassandra said and smiled hopefully.

"Zaxan, Son of Sarcon."

"That sounds manly.  Zaxan the Brave.  There's a hero inside you, Zaxan."  She was a jumble of emotions.  There was hope, curiosity, fear, affection, and a touch of arousal.  Zaxan was already learning that anything with a sexual or romantic overtone aroused humans a bit.

"I'm just a worker class, Cassie of Earth."

"No.  You're a kind boy with real compassion.  Given the opportunity, that could be turned to bravery."

"Please, Cassie.  I get confused when you look at me like that.  If I defy orders I could be punished severely.  I can't risk it, even for....  I can't risk it.  Hold out your arm, please."

"What you said to me before, Zax.  What did it mean?"

"I shouldn't have said it.  It was wrong to make such a declaration to a girl strapped to a table.  I sensed your goodness, and you are so beautiful.  Ugggh!  It was wrong of me to say that now, too.  You just make me feel so..."  He took a deep breath.  "Cassie, you're in a vulnerable position, but I would never take advantage of your fear or loneliness.  Your arm, please."

"How old are you, Zax?"

"Twelve," he said and felt the disappointment in her heart.  "Twelve in our years would make me twenty-one in yours.  We tend to look younger than you do."  Her romantic side did flip-flops, and he soaked it all in.

"You know, Zax.  You're every bit the prisoner I am here.  You get the three of us out, and maybe we can see the actual dawn over the mountains together sometime.  The Sandias are close by."  Her arousal spiked at her own suggestion of a romantic interlude, and Zaxan felt it like a warm shower cascading over his body.  She wasn't lying.  She would go through with it, willingly, even if she had already been freed from captivity.

"Please, Cassie.  I'm really not supposed to get attached to you, and it's hard enough as it is."  He pleaded with his eyes and she gave him her hand.

"There's that euphoria," she said when he took her hand.

"I didn't put the patch on yet."

"I know," she said and smiled.  He applied the patch, and she drifted off to sleep.  

As soon as she was under, Zaxan freed Tierra from her restraints.  "Holy shit, Zax!  She's like the nicest girl I've ever met.  I really wasn't expecting that.  Girls as hot as her can usually get away with being sort of selfish."

"You want to just let her go, don't you?" Zaxan asked.

"No.  That's you, ya big sap.  I want to do something even sappier.  I want to give her exactly what she thinks she's getting, a romantic adventure with an impossible hero and a lovable girl sidekick."

"No more Operation Seduction?"

"No," she said with a sigh.  "Now we're into Operation Give a Girl Such a Perfect Moment that Her Panties Will Melt Every Time She Even Thinks About It."

"That's a very long name, Tierra."

"Operation Panty-Melter for short, then," she said and smiled.  They exited the room.  "How long is she going to be out?"

"Eight hours or until I wake her."

"Good.  Let's get started.  Tana is going to have to help us with this one."  Tierra froze as she heard music.  "That's not my phone.  Cassie's getting a text."  Tierra picked up the phone from the counter.  "Someone named Kelly-Bean wants to know where she's at.  Let me see...  I have it."  Zaxan watched as she texted a reply.  "My cousin showed up out of nowhere," she typed and sent it.

Almost immediately a reply came back with another question.  "The cute one?"

Tierra typed in another reply.  "No, the crazy drunk one.  Be out all night.  See ya soon."

The next reply from Kelly-Bean was one they'd hoped they'd get.  "Tell Bex I said hi.  Have fun."

"I'm glad you're my ally," Zaxan said.  "You're deviously clever."

"I'm also deviously horny, and it won't take me eight hours to set up Operation Panty-Melter," she said.  Zaxan liked the feeling he was getting from her at the moment.

"Conspiratory fuck?" he asked and raised an eyebrow, a trait he had already learned from his human companion.

"My first one of those," she said.  "Bet it's not our last, though.  I'm having a blast!"  Zaxan took her standing up this time.  The idea had been stuck in his head since their first encounter.  The thing he remembered most when he reflected back on fucking Tierra while standing was the fact that she told him he was strong thirteen separate times.  He hadn't realized that a willing girl looked at brute physical strength entirely differently than a girl who was being forced.  

Zaxan's strength had terrified her when he first took her, but this time it filled her with admiration for him, and it made her feel safe to know that a being of his strength was willing to use the very last of it to defend her if necessary.  As her long legs wrapped around him and propelled her hot sex up and down his shaft, she found her climax long before he ever began the vibratory phase of his ejaculation.  But when that began, she found it again.  When the encounter ended, she slid down to the floor and knelt, cleaning the last of his outpouring of lavender semen from him.  "I never tasted a human guy's cum," she said, "but I bet it doesn't taste this damned good."

"Bet it doesn't make your tongue purple, either," he offered.  "So, what does it taste like?"

"Cinnamon chewing gum."  She reached down and took some of the overflow that ran down her leg.  "Cinnamon gum cum, wanna try it?"

He was tempted, but he wasn't quite ready for that.  "I'll just get some gum later," he replied.  He wasn't quite sure why she laughed so much after he said that, but he was glad that she was happy.

Several hours later, they were aboard his father's massive Sarcorp cruiser.  They had asked Tana to use her normal voice and make semi-regular announcements in Denubian.  She also employed her holographic equipment to create several Denubian characters that moved about the ship.  Cassandra needed to believe they were not alone on the big vessel.  Zaxan revived her in a chair in one of the many cabins that had remained unused during the trip.  The cruiser could house thirty people for a long trip if needed.  Zaxan had taken such a big ship only because its range was needed to reach Earth.

"Zax," Cassandra said softly as she came to.  "I'm glad it's your face I woke up to.  How's Tierra?"

"Still asleep on the bunk over there.  I revived you first.  I... I need to talk to you."

"You look worried, handsome.  What's wrong?"  She touched his cheek.

"You said I was a prisoner here.  It's not true.  At least I don't think it's true.  I'm going to take a job on a hospital ship when I get back home.  They don't make you stay at an assignment you hate.  I thought it would be fun, seeing a new world.  I never realized that I would play a part in making someone like you unhappy.  Most species don't mind so much being captive if they're treated well.  You and Tierra hate it, don't you?"

"Yes, Zax.  We do hate it.  We're scared, and worried that we'll never see our families again."

"I have a friend in the shuttle bay.  If I can get you there, I can get you home."  Zaxan loved the feeling of joy he was getting from her, and he loved the pride she felt in him.  Even if he didn't have the same pride in himself at the moment, he could feel hers.  Sometimes he loved being able to borrow emotions.  

"Won't they come take us back?" she asked.  She was worried, but not panicky.

"A computer glitch erased all your specific biographical information, and to everyone else aboard you're just another human.  They won't even know which continent we originally took you from.  There are almost seven billion of you humans.  They won't be able to track you down."

"A `computer glitch?'  You are clever."  There was that pride again, but this time there was admiration, even definite romantic feelings.  Zax realized that Tierra was a genius at playing on other human's emotions.  "But Zax, won't they know that you were the one who helped us?"

"I-I erased that information, too," he said just the way that Tierra had taught him.  It sounded like a lie.

"Zax, you brave boy.  What will they do to you?"

"I don't care, Cassie.  I just don't care."

"I do."

"They won't kill me, and they probably won't even incarcerate me.  Whatever it is, it won't be as awful for me as keeping you for years and then erasing your memories of your time with us will be for you.  Do you really want to go through the rest of your life wondering what happened to you for three years?  It would give me nightmares."

"You're the most heroic man I've ever known, and the kindest," she said and kissed him.

"You don't have to repay me by pretending you feel the same way about me that I feel about you, Cassie."

"Who's pretending?" she said and kissed him again.  Zaxan recognized the feeling she sent him this time.  As unlikely as it seemed to him, she was falling in love with an alien teen she had only known for a few hours.  

Tierra had told him she would.  The part he played for her was just the right combination of vulnerable and heroic.  Tierra said that the way he looked didn't hurt either.  She'd said he had `bedroom eyes.'  Metaphors.  If this one meant what he thought it did, it was a very nice thing to hear from a gorgeous girl.

Zaxan gave Cassandra a vial and told her to wave it under Tierra's nose a few times.  He left the room and made sure that Tana was ready with the holograms and the lighting system.  Then he got a surgical mask and cap from the med kit.  When he first walked in, the girls both reacted as if they were startled.  Only one of them truly was.  "It's me," he said.  "I have an idea that might get us past the people in the corridor.  I'll tell them that there needs to be a radius of ten feet around you until you're decontaminated.  People tend to just hustle away and not ask questions when they hear that."

"He's really smart," Tierra whispered to Cassandra.  Cassandra nodded.  "Kind of cute, too," the younger girl added.  Cassandra nodded again.

The holographic characters strenuously avoided them when told of the radius.  Zaxan could feel Cassandra's confidence grow as they progressed through the ship.  Then, Tana sounded a claxon and began making frantic announcements in Denubian.  "They know!" Zaxan whispered urgently.  "Run!"

They sprinted down a hallway and skidded to a stop as four characters appeared at the far end.  Zaxan led the girls down an adjacent hallway and to an access panel that led to the ladders for use in case of power failure in the lifts.  They climbed down two ladders and he opened a panel.  There was a bright flash of light in the hallway.  Zaxan had no idea what a ray gun was, but Tierra had assured him that the flash would make Cassandra think they had been fired at with one.  Zaxan closed the panel and his keen hearing led him to be able to hear Cassandra's heart pounding out a rapid rhythm.  

Tierra had told him to make sure he did something that displayed his strength.  "We have to go faster," he said.  He took one girl in each arm and lifted them off the floor.  "Hold on tight.  Keep your heads and limbs close to me."  They threw their arms around his neck and wrapped their legs around him.  He leapt down the ladder shaft.  Just as Cassandra caught her breath, he leapt down a second and then a third.

"Oh, my god!" Cassandra said.  "Did you really just...?  That's a fifteen foot drop with a girl under each arm!"  Tierra had again correctly diagnosed what would `push the girl's buttons.'  Cassandra was completely aroused by his display.

"Muy macho!" Tierra gushed.  She hadn't realized that Zaxan showing off in this manner would push her buttons as well.

"We're right across from the shuttle bay," he said and hoped Cassandra couldn't tell that he too was aroused.  The girls' proximity and reactions had made him feel sexy.

Two characters in what Tierra had imagined would look like alien security uniforms appeared in the hallway as the trio attempted to cross.  Zaxan shoved the girls into the shuttle bay and closed the door.  The character that was supposed to be Zaxan's friend beckoned the girls to the open hatch of a shuttle.  "I have to go back for Zax!"  Cassandra declared and ran back toward the door.  Tierra smiled.  Cassandra was a hell of a woman, no doubt about it.

Just as Cassandra reached the door, Zax staggered in.  There was a large black mark on his shoulder.  He'd had just enough time in the hallway to change into a shirt Tierra had scorched.  "They winged him with a stunner," the friend declared.  "Get him on the shuttle before he passes out!"

"We can't fly this damned thing!" Tierra said.

"It will fly itself.  It's programmed that way.  Zaxan wasn't sure he'd be there in the end, so he had me set it up to fly you home.  Hit the green button, and then when you're outside the ship, hit the square red one.  The square one.  That's the stealth mode."  The door to the corridor groaned.  "They're overriding the lock!  Go!"

The girls helped the wobbly Zaxan aboard the ship and turned back to thank the brave friend.  "Wait!" he called.  "Zaxan, stun me!"  Zaxan pulled a prop stunner from the panel next to the door, but dropped it to the floor.  Cassandra picked it up and fired.  It whirred and emitted a bright flash.  The holographic friend character slumped to the floor.  Tana provided a nice thud sound effect.

"Why did we have to shoot him?" Tierra asked.

"So it looks like we forced him to open the door.  Go press the buttons," Cassandra said in a calm and commanding voice.  "Green first.  Square red one after we clear the ship."  Cassandra guided her wounded hero to his seat.  "You okay, baby?" she asked.

Zaxan was stunned, but not by any weapon.  This amazing Earth girl was a treasure beyond his imagining.  If this was what Denubian females had been like before the Betrayal it was no wonder they had been dominant for so long.  Zaxan was no longer playing his role to take advantage of her.  He was playing it to give the noble girl the perfect moment Tierra had predicted.  No girl had ever deserved such a moment more.  "Brudel?  He okay?" he asked, mimicking grogginess.

"I stunned him.  They'll think he's innocent.  Later, tell him how brave he was, okay?"

Zaxan rolled his head a few times.  He looked at Cassandra like he was trying to focus on her face.  "Bravvve and boot-full," he slurred.

"Yes you are," Cassandra said, tears in her eyes.

"Gonna pash ouwat.  Wear offff in coupllle hoursh," he said and let his head slump down.  She took him in her arms and held him.

"Cassie, come up here!" Tierra called.  Cassandra kissed Zaxan on the lips and rushed to the cockpit.  He felt the love she now freely gave him.

"Problem?" Cassandra asked as she stood behind Tierra.

"No.  Look.  Is that...?"

"Oh my god.  It's Neptune!"

"Long ways from home," Tierra said.

"Yeah, long ways.  But thanks to him, we're going to see home again, Tierra."

"Thanks to you, too.  You're kind of amazing, Cassie."

"You did well, too, Tierra.  Most girls your age would have panicked.  You were as brave as could be."  Zaxan could feel that Tierra was embarrassed to receive the praise after deceiving Cassandra, but the blonde just took it as a humble girl having trouble with such a compliment.  "I have to go check on Zax."

"Give him a kiss for me, Cassie."  Tierra waited a moment and then pointed out the window into space and added.  "Hey Cassie... I saw Neptune and pretty soon I'm gonna be able to see Your Anus!"  It was the closest Zaxan came to giving up the whole thing.  He was supposed to be out cold, but he had to open his mouth and moan to keep from laughing.

Cassandra really was in space, just not nearly as far out as she thought she was.  Tana kept the shuttle orbiting the moon for a few hours and projected the image of the solar system onto the windows.  Cassandra checked on Zaxan many times, and only left him when Tierra called her up front to see some wonder of the stars.  Zaxan wished they could show her every planet, but he knew she was too smart.  The planets didn't line up along a straight route like they did in textbooks.  A physics professor's daughter wouldn't fall for that.  Still, the effect on her was profound.  "I think that maybe engineering isn't my calling," she said quietly at one point.

"What are you going to do?" Tierra asked.

"Get back here, to space.  I want to be an astronaut."

"That kind of sounds like something I would have said when I was a little girl, Cassie."

"I know.  Everyone dreams of it sometimes, I suppose.  But there are a handful of people who actually follow the dream, aren't there?"

"You're smart enough, Cassie.  And you're physically fit and brave as hell.  You could do it."  Tierra paused for a moment, and then Zaxan could tell that she was looking at him.  Cassandra's eyes would have followed.  "Sometimes dreams do come true, don't they?" Tierra added.

"Yes," Cassandra answered.  "Sometimes they do."  Zaxan could sense that she was thinking of him as well.

He rose shakily to his feet shortly before they landed.  Cassandra was there, helping him.  He asked her to bring him a medicine patch to help revive him.  It was actually just a nutritional supplement patch.  He stood up straight and became alert.  "I'm going to the cockpit," he announced and took two steps in that direction before turning back to Cassandra.  He kissed her and held her in his arms.  "You truly are the dawn, Cassandra of Earth," he said and proceeded up to the cockpit.  She did not move immediately to follow him.  Zaxan could hear her breathing heavily, and he felt the romantic urges within her reach what he believed was an all-time high.

A few moments later, she joined them in the cockpit.  Zaxan had taken the ship off of autopilot and was on final approach to Earth.  He guided the stealth ship down over Albuquerque and made a pass right over the city, strangely quiet in the hours just before dawn.  "I believe we should drop you off first, Tierra," he said.  "You have likely been missed, as you are so very young."  Tierra nodded and didn't bring up the fact that she was ten months older than him.  When he was over her house, he put her in the transporter tube and kissed her on the forehead.  Before he could close the tube, Cassandra ran to her and hugged her tightly.  Zaxan couldn't help but be aroused at the two beautiful teenage girls wearing nothing but bras and short shorts embracing.  The fantasy he conjured in the moment wasn't to be, however, not if he wanted to give Cassandra the perfect adventure and a clean ending.

"You have my number, right?" Cassandra asked Tierra.

"Yeah."

"It'll probably be a couple days before I get a new phone, but you can call me anytime you need anything, okay?"  Cassandra squeezed Tierra's hand.  "After all, I'm probably the only person in the world you can talk to about all this."

"Thanks, Cassie."  Tierra leaned back into the tube and the glass closed over her.  In a final dramatic gesture, she pressed her hand to the glass, and Cassandra placed hers opposite it.  With a shimmer, Tierra vanished.

"To the university?" Zaxan asked.

"I promised you something," Cassandra said, taking his hand.  "Dawn over the Sandias?"

"I won't hold you to that, Cassie."

"I like it when you hold me, Zax."

They landed the shuttle facing west in a small clearing and opened the wide hatch at the back.  Zaxan left the stealth generator on, and kept a force field in place against the morning chill.  He fetched a wide mattress from one of the beds and placed it on the floor right in front of the hatch.  Invisible to the world, they had a perfect view of the mountains.  "We'll have to wait a bit for sunrise," he said.

"We'll occupy ourselves, I imagine," she answered as she snuggled in close to him.  Zaxan was beginning to realize that perfection, even when stolen, was still perfection.  "What is going to happen to you, Zax?"

"I can't go back to the ship, but there's enough charge in the shuttle's core to get me to our colony in the Quarlon System.  My cousin is there.  He'll help me out.  He's been trying to get me to come there anyway.  It's a rough place, and they need medics."

"You can't go home, can you?" she asked, tears welling up in her eyes.

"No.  Not for a long time at least."

"You gave up your home so that Tierra and I could get back to ours."  She wept softly and leaned her head down onto his chest.

"Cassie, thanks to you I did the right thing.  I have never felt more... free."

"Stay here, Zax, with us... with me."

"I would be stuck inside the shuttle.  They can't detect me while it's in stealth mode.  But if I stepped outside, they would recognize the Denubian life form and come for me, and that could lead right back to you and little Tierra.  And I fear that even a human as brave and strong as you could not survive in the Quarlon System.  It's not compatible with your bodies."

"So, there's only this moment for us then," she said and touched his cheek, waiting to see how he would respond.

He paused for a moment and then proceeded cautiously.  "Cassie, how do your people...  I mean I understand the actual act is much like ours... but now that you are free....  How do your people initiate lovemaking?"

"I'll show you, sweetie," she said and pulled his face down for a kiss.  As they kissed she lowered herself so that she was lying crosswise on his thighs.  She reached up and took his hand and brought it to her bare belly.  It was flat and smooth and warm, and Zaxan loved the feel of it.  Subtly, she pushed his hand upward just a bit.  Momentum and desire took it the rest of the way for him.  Soon he was cupping one of her full breasts in his big hand.  She made a soft purring sound, and Zaxan could feel the pleasure flowing out of her.

"These are very beautiful," he said in honest fascination.  He lifted the bottom of her bra, but her breasts were big enough that it didn't slide over them smoothly.

"Let me help," she said and sat up.  She unclasped the bra and cast it aside.  She turned back to him and lifted his shirt over his head.  "Oh," she said, touching the simulated burn on his shoulder with her fingertips.  "Does it hurt, Zax?"

"It did, until just now," he replied.  He had been worried that the sight of the burn might revile her, but Tierra had assured him that a slight wound taken in defense of the girls would turn her on.  Cassandra gently kissed it and then climbed into his lap, straddling him.  She leaned her head back and offered her breasts to him.  He kissed his way down her neck and then buried his face between her breasts.  As he kissed them and teased her nipples with his tongue, Zaxan felt her physical passion build.  Cassandra was a true romantic, but that didn't preclude her from feeling the lusty desires any teenage girl felt.

But Zaxan realized that he felt something within her that he had never felt with Tierra.  Buried deep within Tierra was a bit of shame that she was enthralled by the creature that had raped her.  She now accepted that he was more than a brute, and had come to care deeply for him, but the shame would always be there for her.  With Cassandra her love was given freely to a being she saw as being brave and noble.  There was a certainty in her heart that was entirely new to Zaxan.  It showed itself by allowing Cassandra to release unreserved passion for him.  Each kiss and caress was an opportunity for her to experience romantic perfection.  Zaxan alone could not have matched her unrestrained emotion, but he had Cassandra there to fill him with it, and he allowed it all in so that he could give it right back to her.  As long as her love was pure, the love she received in return would have the same quality.

Zaxan had been content to let the beautiful girl lead in the beginning, but he desired to become more commanding, and he was certain that she wanted him to be that way as well.  He brought one leg back underneath him, and almost effortlessly he stood, even with her straddling his lap.  She simply clung to him and let him bring her up far enough that she could stand on her feet.  Wordlessly, he opened the snap on her shorts and brought the shorts and her panties down to her knees so that she could step out of them.  His long hand reached down to her sex and cupped it.  Cassandra slowly rose and fell against his fingers, her head snuggled to his chest.  Occasionally, she would kiss his chest, but mostly she used it for support so that she could seek pleasure at his fingertips.

She had become quite ready to receive him, so she pushed his loose-fitting pants to the floor and let his organ spring free.  As he stepped out of his pants, he sensed a thrill from her.  She would have had slight worries about what he would look like beneath the trousers, but seeing that he simply offered a large version of what human males possessed, she knew that their coupling would result in physical pleasures that would match the romantic experience they were sharing.  "We're much the same, Cassie," he whispered.  "I wish that I could make a child with you, but we are vaccinated against that before being allowed to interact with other species."

"A child from you would have been beautiful, Zax, and well-loved," she said.  He could sense that while she meant it there was some relief there, too.  She reached down and took his shaft in her hand and began to stroke it, acquiring a feel for it.  While she did it, he could sense her anticipation.  She was fairly certain what was to come next and entirely certain that she desired it.

Zaxan sank to a knee and gently cradled her in his powerful arms before placing her on her back on the mattress.  He moved over her and kissed her as his legs found their way between hers.  She spread for him, reaching for his shaft and guiding it in.  For the first time in his life, Zaxan penetrated a female who had given herself willingly from the very start.  It was an amazing moment for him.  Never had anyone given him so much trust.  Cassandra strained to take him in, but she was not in pain.  She had taken lovers before, just never one with quite his mass.  He could sense her ecstasy as he filled her more completely than anything had before.

The rest of her body was not idle as her sex accepted him.  She kissed his chest and dug her fingers into the flesh of his broad back.  Her legs clutched at his bottom and urged him forward.  She did not speak, but she gasped and cooed softly as she found gentle pleasures in his lovemaking.  After only a few minutes, she sent out vibes that told him that her climax was near at hand.  He kept up the gentle pace, and she released with a few soft sounds and an urgent clutching at his back.  "Incredible!" she whispered then.  "Incredible!"

He held her close for a bit, but found that she was beginning to stir beneath him, signaling him that she was ready to continue.  He began to move slowly, gradually increasing his pace.  He did not stop when he reached the pace he had set before, but continued to make his thrusts more rapid and forceful.  Cassandra's body was ready to accept the things that Zaxan's powerful form was capable of doing.  He rose to his knees and took her tiny bottom in his hands.  He felt her thrill at the display of his strength, so he took her hand and pulled her up into an embrace.  Her legs wrapped around his waist as he began to both thrust into her and easily move her petite form up and down.  She clung to him desperately, lest she be flung about like a ragdoll.  It was a passionate and powerful coupling, but it never veered into anything less than a display of two star-crossed lovers' desperate desire to live their single moment together to the utmost.

Cassandra was young and strong and passionate, and the moment was filled with every bit of romance a girl in her late teens could imagine.  She found her release a second time.  This one was more intense than the first, but it was still quiet.  Cassandra buried her mouth in his neck, and her squeals were muffled by it.  When she finished, she kissed the side of his neck feverishly as he continued to take her.

Zaxan was nearing his moment now, and though he was nearly beyond being capable of thinking, he smiled knowing that she was completely unaware of his final gift for her.  He pushed hard and deep into his willing lover's sex, and let his process of release begin.  Cassandra's eyes opened wide as his first slow, powerful twitches began deep inside her.  She knew he must be beginning to orgasm, and was starting to realize it was going to be far different than any human lover's release.  Then, Zaxan's vibratory phase began in earnest.

Cassandra had been well-satisfied already, but as the rapid vibrations stimulated her from deep within, she began to lose control.  She clubbed Zaxan's broad back with her tiny forearm and then dug her nails into his flesh.  She bit into his shoulder and then tossed her head back in a throaty scream.  Her third orgasm of their lovemaking shook her to the core of her being.  Never had she imagined that pleasure could become so intense that it could make her body react in such a way.  Her mind swirled, and her heart shouted to her that this, this was the moment of her life.  Never would there be anything like this again.  What she was experiencing was beyond what her world had to offer.  Then came her lover's actual release, and as her womb was flooded with his jets of lavender, she felt such a bond with him that she wanted to crawl inside of his body and stay there forever.  She clung desperately to him and wept tears of joy, love and regret that this was to be their one and only time.  Still, she knew that she had experienced something that she could treasure forever, and she was too strong to lapse into bitterness.

Her body exhausted, and Zaxan overwhelmed by the power of her emotions, the two lovers wrapped themselves in one another's arms and watched the dawn over the mountains.  They kissed many, many times that early morning in the Sandias, and they touched and caressed one another at every moment.  Zaxan knew he had her now.  The effects of the bonding created by the chemicals he had poured into her at the end of their lovemaking made this girl no less his love slave than Tierra.  He could tell her everything, and she would forgive him and desire him and be at his beck and call any time he wanted to enjoy her body again.  But he owed her something more than that.  He owed her the perfection that could only be offered by playing the scenario to its end.

He told her he had to go, and they got dressed.  Most of her clothes were in a room only a few feet away from them, but there was something in retrieving them that felt too convenient.  Zaxan decided that he wanted to keep them anyway.  He was growing sentimental after only two days with humans.  Then he realized that human sentiment could offer Cassandra one last meaningful gift.  He gave her his shirt, the one with the scorch mark that had come from a fictional ray gun, whatever that was.  She wrapped herself in it as if it was the greatest gift any girl had ever received.  Zaxan noticed that she sniffed it many times, hoping to embed the memories even deeper than already were.

At the end, Cassandra did not weep as he placed her in the transport tube.  She was going to be brave for him one final time.  "Goodbye, Zax," she said, "I will always love you."

"Farewell, Cassie of Earth," he replied.  He subtly used his thrall over her.  "Remember me, but do not abandon other lovers for the memory.  Live happily, love deeply and follow your dreams.  I will never forget you."  He closed the glass.  Cassandra leaned her forehead against it, and he returned the gesture.  "Now, Tana," he whispered, and Cassie of Earth disappeared in a shimmer of light.

He kept the shuttle in stealth mode and moved it quickly to the park near campus to which he had transported her.  He found her sitting on a bench, weeping softly.  He watched her through the viewer for some time, and felt a great temptation to go to her and comfort her.  But then, she lifted her head, kissed her fingertips, raised them slightly and waved the kiss off to the heavens.  She smiled bravely then rose and began to walk back to campus.  "Tana, record the last thirty seconds into memory and back it up."

"Yes, sugar," Tana said in her sexy voice.  "Where would you like me to back it up?"

"All possible locations on the shuttle, the cruiser and at home.  Never, ever lose that video, understand?"

"Understood," Tana said.  She used her normal voice.  It was almost as if even the computer understood the import of the moment.

Zaxan told Tana to return the shuttle to the desert and then headed to his bunk.  He'd now known two human girls, and each had provided him with a profoundly emotional experience.  Yet each experience had been entirely unique.  As his exhausted brain gave way to sleep, he realized that there were over three billion females on this planet, and each and every one of them was probably unique.  He would rest now, and dream of Cassandra, but when he had gathered his thoughts he would go back to exploring Earth girls.  The human female, he decided, might just be the greatest treasure the universe had to offer.