Wife Dances At Bachelor Party
by Repticulus

Wife dances for cousin's Bachelor Party.

My story is true. I want to thank volunteer editor Jessica Smith for her tremendous help in editing the story.

Here is how my wife became a stripper. My Wife's cousin, Sherri, was one of her best friends. Sherri was getting married on Saturday which we were both excited about. Steve, Sherri's fiancé is a very good guy which is why we socialize with them so often. He already invited me to his bachelor party which would be on the Thursday before the wedding. Sherri called and said the dancer for the bachelor party canceled at the last minute, which was bad news already, but they couldn't find a replacement.

Sherri and Steve would be humiliated if there was no dancer since, according to them, no bachelor party was complete without one. Sherri has always been very socially conscious, even back in high school when my wife and Sherri would throw parties, it had to be perfect. That is essentially true. Sherri begged My wife, Melanie, to be the dancer.

Sherri said Melanie was the only person they knew who could pull it off because of her good body and the fact she saw was a dancer and cheerleader in high school. She said they were desperate and would be eternally grateful and in our debt. They would cut the party to about 10 people or so. Melanie said she feels intense pressure to do it since Sherri has always been good to her.

I told her I didn't want her to do it. She said she didn't want to either but she felt she had no choice. Sherri was there for her when she had major emotional problems before we met. I told her she could say no. It's not easy was her reply.

I decided I would go to the local strip club outside of town and talk to the manager about getting a dancer. That would cure the problem. My wife agreed.

I couldn't let my wife be some stripper at a party, just because there were no other people to fit the bill. I went to the local strip club outside of town and talked to the manager about getting a dancer. I figured that would fix the problem. Unfortunately, I was not able to get a dancer. The manager, a burly guy named Joe, was very nice but said I should have been here two weeks ago.

A couple of day's notice would not work since the distance is about 30 miles away and he would have to do a background check not only on Steve but on me as well. Besides that, his girls are all working at the club or are already booked for that evening. He doubted I would find anyone at this late date. I offered to pay double the going rate to no avail.

I called Melanie and told her what Joe said. She thanked me for trying. She said she was not totally surprised. I tried to talk her out of dancing again but she cut me off and said the matter is settled. She said she needs to prepare, do research, and get into the proper mindset. She told me not to be a negative influence on her and then she hung up.

When I got home I told Melanie I would not go to the bachelor party. I didn't want to watch all the guys stare at her undressed. Especially because we both knew more than half of the people who would be attending. Consequently, most of the audience would not be strangers. She said absolutely not, I had to go or people would wonder why I wasn't there. She told me I needed to seem supportive. Melanie demanded I go there for the dinner but said that I could leave after her first dance.

She promised she wouldn't start stripping until after the first song, which would be when I would take my leave. I could tell that my distaste for what she was choosing to do would make stripping more uncomfortable for her, To keep the peace with her, I agreed to attend. There was nothing more I could do. The party would start with dinner and drinks tomorrow at 6 pm. Melanie is supposed to start dancing at around 8 pm. The dancer is usually there for about an hour and a half with a break or two. I am not looking forward to tomorrow.

The next day Sherri came by and picked Melanie up at 4 pm. She brought her small travel bag with her sexy outfit for tonight and her makeup bag. They went out for dinner and drinks before the party.

Melanie told me she searched the Internet for tips on how to do a striptease. What she found said to wear heavier makeup, make eye contact with the audience, wear sexy clothes, and 4-6 inch high heels. The next thought made my blood boil, it said that her clothes should be easy to remove.

She also watched several hours of striptease videos she found on the internet and practiced in front of the bedroom mirror. Melanie was afraid she might make a fool of herself. She did not want to seem unprepared and untalented. I said I don't want you to do this but you definitely won't make a fool of yourself. You will make their night. She kissed me goodbye and left after she said I better be there!

It was a little after 6 when I got there. People were already eating from the Mexican Buffett and drinking. I grabbed a beer since I was not hungry. I was just waiting for Melanie to start her act so I could leave. I was not having fun but put on a good face so nobody could tell how conflicted I was inside. I tried to be social but all I saw were the guys who are going to see my wife's gorgeous body. I wanted to get out of there. Plus there were more men there than we were told. There was clearly more than the ten that Sherri mentioned.

Paul, the best man, told me what the plan was to get things set for Melanie to dance. At that point, only Steve, Rick, Paul and I knew Melanie was the dancer. Melanie got there about 7:15 and went straight to the back door as instructed. They did not want anyone to see her before she came out to dance. Rick, Steve's cousin and groomsman, and I had to wait for her as planned and showed her to the room to change. Rick asked her what she would wear? She said a black mini skirt, black bra and low cut black panties, black fishnet thigh high stockings, 4 inch black high heels, and a short black semi-transparent top that showed her flat stomach.

Rick said how hot that was and told her that she would do great. We waited outside the door while she changed and put on the outfit and makeup. He told her when she was ready to be introduced to the group to knock on the door and he would have Paul make her introduction. Melanie gave Rick a CD with Disco and other appropriate music to play for her performance. After 10 minutes Rick had me go back with everyone else to wait. He wanted me with the group when Melanie was introduced, as it demonstrated my approval. As I waited for what was in reality 20 minutes for Melanie to be introduced it seemed likes hours before it started.

About 7:55 Rick waives to Paul to begin. Rick turns down the lights slightly at Melanie's request. Paul spoke like a boxing announcer for the main event. His deep voice was loud and strong with a lot of emphasis and enthusiasm. Everyone paid attention, it actually was pretty cool. Paul made this announcement:

"And now the moment we have all waiting for. The entertainment. As you know our good buddy Steve is getting married Saturday and this is the last chance he will ever have to see a naked woman that isn't his wife. We want this to be a night for all to remember. We didn't settle for an average dancer for Steve. Ohhhh no... We wanted someone special. Someone that would knock our socks off and drive Steve wild. We think we not only met but exceeded our goal. You will all be thrilled. We all know how close Steve and Jack are." Paul said as he pointed at me. "To make tonight special Jack has graciously allowed his wife Melanie to be our dancer and entertainment."

Everyone howled and clapped as they looked at me. People slapped me on the back, shook my hand, and thanked me for this is an amazing gift! No one knew just how displeased I was. I played along. What choice did I have? I felt sick to my stomach. Paul went on to tell the DJ to start the music that would have signaled to Melanie it was time to come out. As soon as the music started everyone cheered and yelled out clearly excited. The song was some sort of fast disco, I think it was Freak Out, that played. People clapped, cheered, and went nuts. Melanie did not come out for almost a full minute or more. The guys started to chant

"Melanie Melanie."

The door opened and everyone fell silent as she walked slowly as she came into the room. She looked somewhat scared as she walked towards me although I doubt anyone else noticed. She came up to me and gave me a quick kiss and whispered how nervous she was, and asked me how she got dragged into this. I said nothing, and she simply said to wish her luck. Melanie would be in the middle of a half-circle of chairs with some guys seated and some that stood. There were nineteen guys present with me included.

As I said Melanie and I knew more than half the men there. A few showed up that Steve and Sherri didn't know would be there. She looked amazing in the outfit. It showed off her flat stomach, long legs, and obviously her breasts. Melanie is 30 years old, 5 feet 6, weighs 130 lbs with D cup breasts. She has blondish brown hair, pink nipples, and whitish skin. The fishnet thigh-high stockings and 4 inch high heels looked incredibly sexy on her long slender legs.

She was in great shape as she always worked out at the gym. Everyone was cheering. Melanie went up to Steve grabbing his wrist and moved him towards a chair in the middle of the half-circle. She made another guy get out of that chair and said to Steve that he deserved the best seat in the house. I think she was not sure what to do at that point because the song was almost over.

Paul told the DJ to restart the song. When it restarted Paul pointed to Melanie and she began dancing. She danced slow and shook her body. She moved her hands all around her chest and stomach. She had her hips move constantly, her hips thrust forward and back then moved her hips in a figure-eight motion. Every man's eyes were drawn to the body parts she touched. Especially when her hands were on her breasts and sides. Unfortunately for me, she did look very desirable. Steve's eyes were as big as golf balls as he watched my wife.

When the first song was over the second song, Turn the Beat Around, began quickly. Melanie started to dance again. I was still standing there and when she noticed she stared at me making a gesture with her eyes for me to leave. I'm sure she could tell I was upset with everything that had happened so far, that's why she wanted me to leave in the first place. Everyone was fixated on watching her.

I went towards the kitchen and pretended to grab another beer before I made my escape. No one noticed I left. They were all staring at Melanie. I went out the back door and left. I stood outside for a minute or two, the base of the disco music thumped loudly, even from out here. It was obvious, based on the cheers, she was going to be a hit.

Earlier I asked Steve to call me in an hour or so and let me know if things are ok. He said he would when she took a break or he goes to the bathroom. Steve called about an hour later. I asked how it was going, and he said great, everything went according to plan.

Melanie started a little slow but started to put on a great show. It took her 3-4 songs before she really started to seductively take off her clothes. He said the guys were all supportive and encouraged her. They said she was beautiful, brave, and extremely sexy. I asked what she had on. Steve informed me she had taken off her top and bra.

He began to describe in more detail what she was doing, he said she turned her back to the group and undid her bra. She was quite the tease with how she took off her bra before she let it fall to the floor. She turned around and covered her breasts as she danced for a full minute before she dropped her hands to her side. Melanie also slowly took off the skirt. He said she just has on the thigh high stockings and panties. I asked if she was topless now? He said Melanie has been topless for about 30 minutes.

Steve mentioned the guys loved her large boobs and pink nipples and how she shook them, felt, and cupped them. He said her nipples were rock hard. Her breasts were obviously real and had a fantastic shape. Steve said they all loved how perfectly round they were. They all especially liked it when she put her arms over her head and shook her boobs. He said they swayed to the music. I mentioned to Steve she had practiced dancing. He said that was obvious and that she was a natural.

Steve then said the guys told her to take her panties off. They told her how hot she was and how great she must look fully nude. They even began to chant her name again. According to Steve, Melanie had a few drinks while she danced, I think she had a few at dinner as well. I could smell the hint of alcohol when she kissed me when she first came out to perform. She got more relaxed and uninhabited as the drinks flowed and the music played on.

I asked if he thought she would take her panties off? Steve said she was playing with her panties and rolled them up and down, and pulled them away from her body. He said that he thought they were going to come off. Steve then asked me if I was ok with that adding in, 'aren't you buddy?'. I ignored that question. I said call me later and keep me posted on what happens before we disconnected the call.

Steve's next update came in about an hour later. Melanie had one guy on each leg as they slowly removed each stocking while she was seated on a wooden hardback chair. One of the guys that took off her stocking is a golf buddy of mine the other a remote business contact. Steve said it was incredibly sexy. Afterward, with her back to the crowd, she slowly removed her panties and was totally nude except for the high heels. Steve told me after her panties came off and she turned around all the guys really cheered her.

Her panties got passed around to each guy who then examined and sniffed them. Steve told me what a gorgeous pussy she had and what a great clean scent the panties held. He said it was amazing how she shaved the sides of her pussy by the lips and trimmed the top in a straight line about an inch wide. I've never seen her pussy that way before . Her obvious I intention was to give a great look between her legs. Everyone loved her dirty blonde pubic hair neatly trimmed short. Her pussy lips were perfectly pink.

He told me after she finished dancing nude, she sat in a chair and opened and closed her legs while they all watched. Melanie would look them straight in the eyes when her legs were open. She would rub the inside of her thighs, slide her hand down slowly between those spread thighs and cover and uncover her pussy. All the guys loved the view they got. When she spread her legs wide it opened up her pussy lips for a fantastic view. Steve was about a foot away watching intently while it happened.

She would probably dance longer than they thought. No one would want her to stop, they were not tired of her, especially when her legs were open so wide. Melanie did make a show of turning around often so that they could get a good look at her ass. The guys told her to spread her legs and bend over, and she complied, giving them a great look at both of her right holes. This was the best that Steve had ever seen at a bachelor party. He then said I should be very proud of Melanie. I wasn't sure if he was joking. My response was sarcastic as I told him how wonderful that was.

I asked how much longer she would be there. Steve said probably another hour, maybe longer. They still had to do the dance with the best man and the 2 groomsmen. That was another 10-15 minutes, one song each. They were really excited about their dance with her. She definitely gave them a show of a lifetime. Paul didn't lie about the dancer knocking their socks off.

Steve texted me an hour or so later and said don't wait up. Melanie didn't get home until after 2 am. After she finished her dance at a little after 10:30 pm everyone played poker. She danced for a total of two and a half hours. That is longer than any bachelor party I have ever attended. The guys each chipped in 200 dollars and Melanie agreed to be the waitress and serve everyone while she stayed nude until the end of the party. We could use the money.

When she got home I tried to talk to her about what happened. She said she didn't want to talk about it. She went into the bathroom and took a shower, saying she was mentally and physically exhausted.

Steve called a little after she got home to find out if Melanie was ok. I told him that I thought she was. I asked during the dances with the best man and groomsmen did they touch her. He said only the normal amount. I expected that and so did she. I told her what would probably happen. She asked me about it earlier. She wasn't crazy about it but what was she supposed to do? It was basically a slow dance with them while she was nude.

Rick, who was a groomsman, was the most aggressive, he grabbed her breasts and butt while they danced. She didn't resist when any of the groomsmen touched her. Steve told them that under no circumstances could they touch her pussy during the dance and warned them not to get carried away grabbing her ass and boobs. The three groomsmen were the only ones who got to touch her. They both told Steve she has a hard ass and soft breasts.

It is weird knowing all the guys there now know my wife's body. I'm sure they all enjoyed her. I also wonder if she enjoyed it? I expect some odd looks and conversations at the wedding. I will let you know what she says after we talk.
