I had left home when I was 18. I got a good job when I left school and was to able to afford my own place. Life at home wasn't so hot, my father was an alcoholic and my mother turned a blind eye to all his faults. I couldn't wait to leave, and lived happily in my own place for 5 years. My only regret was leaving my little sister, Ankita, behind.

Ankita and I had always been close. I hated leaving her in that house with my parents but she always seemed to be round at mine. I didn't mind, as far as little sisters go she was pretty cool, and lately I had also started to notice how attractive she was. She had turned 18 a couple of days ago. I had taken her out for dinner and we had a wonderful time. I am a good looking bloke but never seemed to have much luck with the ladies. Taking my sister out was the best date in my life.

Ankita decided to stay over that night. She said she couldn't face going home, it would spoil her birthday. I didn't mind one little bit. I had an extra special surprise planned for her later that night. I was sitting on the floor watching a video as Ankita got ready for bed in the bathroom. She sauntered through in a black silky nightgown, her black hair cascading down her back and sat down beside me. I could hardly take my eyes off her. I could see the outline of her nipples through the silk.

`Cold?' I asked, my eyes fixated on her chest.

Belle noticed my gaze and started to blush. She tried to cover her chest with her arms. `Anshul, don't look at me like that.'

I reached over to her and ran my fingers through her hair. `You are such a tease,' I told her as I kissed her on the cheek. I could feel her tense up. She stood up and said that she really should be going to bed. I grabbed her arm, slightly more forcefully than I intended and pulled her back down to the ground. `You're not going anywhere little girl.' Ankita tried to fight against my grip but it was no good, I was bigger and stronger than she was and she was in no position to argue with me.

I wrestled her to the ground, pressing my lips against hers as I did. As she struggled underneath me I could feel my arousal growing. She must have felt it too, the look of fear growing on her face. I couldn't believe I was going to do what I was about to do, but it was too late to stop now. I slapped her sharply across the face. `Do exactly what I tell you Ankita, and I won't have to hurt you. You might even enjoy yourself.' I raised my hand again, treating. She nodded in agreement, tears starting to fall down her cheeks. `Good girl,' I said.

I stood above her and started to undress. Her eyes grew wide as she saw my big hard cock. I sat astride her and positioned it by her lips. `I want you to suck me off bitch. It's time you stared paying for all the times you've stayed here for free.'

`Please,' she begged, `I've never had a cock in my mouth before, and yours is so big. I don't think I can take it.'

I just smiled and rammed it into her mouth. I was so aroused I almost came there and then. `Suck it bitch,' I ordered. My cock was getting harder and harder in her hot, wet mouth and soon I was roughly fucking her face. I could feel Ankita gagging as the full length of my 9inch cock went down her throat. I couldn't believe I was getting so turned on fucking my own sister. `You're such a little slut,' I told her working myself up to cum all over her face. `Imagine sucking your on brothers cock you filthy little cunt.' I couldn't control myself any longer. I exploded my juices into her virgin mouth. `Drink it all bitch,' I panted.

I felt exhausted after using my sister, but I wasn't ready to stop yet. I reached down her body and removed her panties. To my surprise they were soaking wet. `You really are a dirty little bitch aren't you,' I said as I shoved them into her mouth. I pulled of her nightgown and started exploring her body. She was absolutely perfect. I sucked and gently bit her small hard nipples. Her body was betraying her, she was definitely getting turned on. I ran my tongue from her breasts all the way down to her sopping cunt. I roughly pushed two fingers inside her. She was so wet they went I easily. I could feel how tense Ankita's body had gotten, and as I started to rub her clit I was sure she was going to cum. I removed the gag from her mouth and kissed her full on the mouth. I could taste my own cum, and this time she kissed me back. I looked at her for a moment. `Do you have something to say to me slut?'

`I want you to fuck me,' she screamed, `I'm so horny, I want you to make me yours.'

I didn't need to hear any more. My cock had grown hard again and I was ready to give her the fucking of her life. I bent her over the sofa and rammed my cock hard and deep into her cunt. She screamed in pleasure and pain as I started pumping her. I started to slap her ass as I fucked her. `Do you like that my little cum slut, do you like having your brother fuck your tight pussy?' Ankita was in such ecstasy that she couldn't respond. I felt her muscles contract around my cock as she came. This was too much for me, I felt like she was milking my cock. I spurted my second load of cum into my sister's cunt. I gave her one last playful slap on the ass and withdrew from her. She was bent over the sofa, my cum dripping down her leg.

As I walked to the bathroom I turned around. `You'd better get your stuff from home,' I said smiling, `You'll be staying with me now.'

