                                      A Night Out
                                      Lust 4 Life

A couple goes dancing and works themselves up before rushing to a hotel to make love.
MF

   A lovely lady I have recently met, and I, go out for a night of dancing. We begin with a 
few energetic rock & roll numbers, however, as time passes our dances get more physical 
and more sensual. First we bump hips and give each other sultry, sexy looks. Then we 
dance closer, front-to-front, or back-to-back, one of us sliding up and down the other. As 
we drift apart for some moves, our fingers slide down each others arms, teasingly. As the 
night wears on, the music slows and we dance close to each other, pressing our bodies to 
each other, feeling the curves and bulges. We run our hands over each other as we dance.

   Finally, we are so worked up we are ready to tear each others clothes off right there on 
the dance floor. We head for our car and drive to our nearby motel, unable to keep our 
hands off each other as we drive. Racing into our room we leap into each others arms, 
kissing passionately and groping each other. I dribble kisses down her neck and, slightly 
rearranging her top, reach her breasts which I proceed to lick and suck while she moans. 
Finally, she begins to unbutton my shirt and then reach for my belt. Undoing my zipper 
she slides my pants down and pushes me back onto the bed. She proceeds to kiss and lick 
my thighs, teasing me before running her tongue over my balls and up my cock. For a 
moment, our lust filled eyes lock, and then she turns and swallows my cock. After a few 
minutes feeling her lips and tongue on my cock, and her fingers running over my balls, I 
urge her around to where I can pull her panties down. She straddles my face with her wet 
pussy as she continues to work on my cock. I slide my tongue along her slit and finally 
sink it into her, making her lurch and shudder with pleasure. I continue to work her pussy 
and clit for several more minutes before we both decide we need something more.

   She turns around and straddles me again, this time with her pussy pressed against my 
cock. She hunches her hips back and forth, sliding her pussy along my hard cock, feeling 
me straining against her. Finally, she lifts up and feels the head at the entrance of her 
pussy. As she slides down on me we both moan with pleasure. She rides me for a while, 
as I wiggle my hips from below, and run my hands over her breasts. As our need grows, 
we roll over, without separating, and continue to make love. As I thrust into her, I feel her 
getting more and more excited. Finally, her body goes stiff as she comes on my cock. 
Now she wraps her legs around me, grabs me by the ass, and looking me in the eyes 
whispers in my ear, "Come in me, I want to feel you shooting inside me". After a few 
more minutes I can't take any more and moaning with pleasure I explode inside of her. 
We hold each other close and kiss as we enjoy the pleasant after shocks of our passionate 
love making.

