T-shirt for sale
by FunKelly 

T-shirt for sale. Part 40

I took another big gulp of my second, extra strong, Long Island iced tea, determined not to recoil, from the chanting crowd. The alcohol helped stiffen my spine, as I remained in the chair, with my legs spread wide open, awaiting my next, one on one verbal exchange, with a party guest. Alice and Blanch, both winked at me. I returned the wink, and spread my legs open even more, ever so slightly, so only they would notice. Two thumbs up, was their joint response.

Becky's reassuring hand on my shoulder, meant more to me, than she will ever know. Now well after 11:15, I had personally met, any and every guest, that wanted a semi-private audience, with the naked girl, with the swollen pink pussy. I finished my drink, then stood up from the chair, feeling euphoric, about the entire experience.

Deep down, I knew I must have appeared to those in attendance, to be the filthy little slut, I was now identifying with. But at that moment, with my skin still shiny and my hair all stiff, from the cum bath Becky had given me earlier, I didn't care. I felt empowered. I'm sure Becky's extra strong drinks, had something to do with my new found bravado.

Alice told me Alfred was leaving, and asked me to come over and say goodbye. The 90 year old man was unable to take his eyes off my pussy, as I told him it a pleasure to meet him. Alice then asked, "Kelly. Why don't you show my dear old friend your clitoris ?" "What?", I replied. "What would it hurt to give him one last thrill. before he leaves?" she said.

I let out a quiet sigh, opened my pussy lips, lifted up my shield, and exposed my clitoris for the old man, and all those in the vicinity. I even when as far as pointing it out with my middle finger, as I said, "There it is Alfred". You would think I would have ended the public humiliation, as soon as possible, but I held my position, allowing the old man to take a good long look, at the source of my sexual pleasure.

I noticed Becky was talking with the woman who has asked if we do other parties, when one of the male guests walked up beside me. The man was looking at my nipples, while I continued to hold my demeaning stance. "Kelly? It is Kelly, right?", he asked. I nodded, as he said, "I must tell you. You have the most fantastic nipples. They're like two perfectly formed reddish brown gum drops".

I looked down at my nipples, unable to ignore the sight of my fingers holding open my pussy lips and exposing my clit, just below. Not able to comprehend how I had allowed myself to be coerced into such a degrading posture, I looked him in the eye, and simply said, "Thank you".

He continued to stare at my erect nipples, when Blanch, once again stepped in. She said, O.k. Alfred. That's enough. Let the poor girl hold on to at least a tiny shred of her dignity", as her expression was permission for me to release my open pussy lips, once again, concealing my clitoris. Another round of applause ensued, as Becky brought me a much needed third drink.

After drinking two of Becky's Long Island iced teas, and now working on my third, a bit of audacity was starting to replenish my demoralized spirit. This roller coaster of emotions was exhausting. With only 30 minutes until midnight, I stayed close to Becky. The uneventful remaining half hour was a relief. After the events of the evening, being the "Only One Naked", was no big deal, and actually a bit relaxing.

I made sure my third drink lasted until midnight, afraid of what I might do next, if under the influence of too much alcohol. The guests started filing out, many of which thanked me for the entertainment. I guess that's what my public debauchery was, "Entertainment". I put on my best smile, as if that would out-shadow the sight of my cum soaked, naked body, and told them they were welcome.

When midnight arrived, everyone was cleaning up, and the band was packing their equipment. Alice and Blanch walked Becky and I to the kitchen door, and a waiting James, and his limo in the rear driveway. I put my sandals on, when Becky asked me if I wanted my sundress. Looking like I had just come from and orgy (as George had put it, the night before) I just gave her a look. She put the dress away, saying, "You're right. Why bother".

Alice and Blanch gave us both big hugs, then insisted I not be a stranger. Alice whispered in my ear, "Becky has your pay, since you have nowhere to put it", as she chuckled. I had forgotten all about the $1000.00, until she brought it up. I think I would have preferred not to have gotten paid, as it made me feel like I had prostituted myself, as Stacy had mentioned, at the fair earlier.

Either way, the drinks had fully kicked in, and I boldly walked across the driveway, totally naked, to the waiting limousine. James was holding the rear door of the limo open, as we walked up. He took one look at me and said, Did you have a nice time, Ms. Kelly ?" Becky jumped in and said, "James! Kelly rode the Sybian saddle, then I masturbated her to a massive orgasm, right there in the middle of the party! It was awesome!" I just stood there, covered in my shame.

Becky then asked, "James. Will you leave the separation window open and keep Kelly company on the way to my pub?" James and I both looked alarmed, as he asked, "You're not coming with us, Ms. Becky?" "Of course I am silly. But I'll be on the floor giving Kelly oral sex on the way home. I can't wait until we get home to taste that sweet pussy again". "Whatever you wish, Ms. Becky", he replied, as she pushed me into the back seat of the limo.

I made no attempt to stave off Becky's onslaught on my pussy, as the separation window was powered down, while she removed my sandals, spread my legs open, then gently worked her tongue into my still tender pussy. James pulled the limo out onto the street, and asked, "So did you enjoy your evening, Ms. Kelly?' I don't know what came over me, but I started to re-cap the entire sorted affair.

"You wouldn't believe it James. Before the night even got started, Alice had me lean on the kitchen prep table and spread my legs open, while one of the male servers laid on the floor to inspect my bald pussy. She wanted to make sure I hadn't missed any area, when I shaved off my public hair. Then she positioned me right in the center of the greeting party, so my naked ass, was the first thing the guests would see, when they entered". James started laughing, as he said, "Yup. That sounds like Alice, all right".

"After I served hors d' oeuvres in the nude, for a while, she had me bend over on the grand piano, while she spanked me in front of everyone. That's when I had my first orgasm. After that, she unveiled the Sybian saddle. I rode that for a short time, while Becky manned the controls", I continued. Becky maintained her delicate tongue massage of my clit, while I told James, the rest of the story.

"I couldn't cum on the saddle, so Becky masturbated me to climax, then smeared my own juices all over me, while everyone applauded. You talk about humiliating". James and Becky both started laughing. I looked down at Becky, and said, "Stop laughing Becky. That tickles". I then resumed, telling my story to James.

After that, Alice had me sit, spread eagle, while some of the guests asked me questions. I can't imagine what they thought of me, sitting there naked, and all sticky from my own cum. Then she asked me to show my clitoris to an old man in a wheel chair". "Alfred?", James asked. "You know Alfred?", I asked. "Sure I do Ms. Kelly. And I'm positive he appreciated the gesture, at his age".

"Maybe he did", I continued, "But standing there exposing my clitoris in front of everyone, while some other guy was comparing my nipples to gum drops, was a whole new level of humiliation" James just laughed, and said, "Well Ms. Kelly. It sounds like an interesting evening", as Becky finally came up for some air.


T-shirt for sale. Part 41

Becky slid me her tongue, so I could taste my own pussy. I returned the French kiss, then she slipped back down, and resumed her precise targeting of my sensitive areas, being sure not to get me so aroused, I would be unable to carry on a conversation with James.

I know it was the alcohol talking, but for some reason, I was totally comfortable telling James about my evening of debauchery. If fact, I went on to tell him about the entire weekend. "Interesting evening? James! It's been nothing less that riveting, since I first went to Becky's pub to meet Kim!" "Are you staying at Ms. Kim's hotel, Ms. Kelly?", he asked. "You know Kim, too?", I asked. "Sure do", he replied.

"Kim was the first friend I met here", I said. "She gave me an excellent suggestion on where to have dinner last night, then invited me to meet her at Brian's Pub, afterwards. That's when I met Becky for the first time. I was serving drinks at Becky's pub, totally nude, except for my sneakers and ankle socks, within 45 minutes of meeting her". I felt Becky's tongue slide further into me. It would happen every time I mentioned her name. Needless to say, I mentioned her name a lot.

"I was the "Only One Naked", as I served drinks with Andre for almost four hours", I continued. "After the pub closed at 2:00 am, Becky masturbated me to the largest orgasm of my life, right there in the pool room of her pub. Andre, Kim, Ashley and Kayla all watched, but I didn't mind", I said. "Well that was very hospitable of you, Ms. Kelly", James replied, with a touch of sarcasm.

"Only an hour later, while playing, "Locked Out Naked", at Kim's hotel, two lesbian women, I didn't know, masturbated me to another orgasm in the hotel lounge at 3:30 in the morning. Their names are Liz and Stephanie, but I didn't know that at the time".

"Then today, I went to the fair with Kim and Becky. That's when I saw Becky's amazing tits for the first time. Becky has perfectly shaped tits, James. Have you ever seen them?", I asked". James replied, "No Ms. Kelly. I haven't had the pleasure". Again, I felt Becky's tongue, slide further into me, yet not bringing me close to orgasm. "I spent two hours naked there too", I said.

"I didn't spend much time at the center of activity. That seemed a bit to raunchy for me. I spent most of my time, at the far ends, where everyone else had clothes on". "To each his own", James said. Still buzzed, I continued my 'Five Minute' recollection of the weekend's events. "James. I had my very first lesbian experience with Becky, just before the party tonight. It was wonderful"

I saw James' eyes in the rear view mirror, then asked, "James. How much of me can you see from up there?" His reply was perfect. "Ms. Kelly. I can see your sticky hair, your shiny face, right down to just below your gum drop nipples. I must say, Ms. Kelly. The man at the party was correct. They are perfectly shaped". Making no attempt to cover up my tits, I just sat there, continuing to babble on.

"Now, here I am James", I went on. "Talking with you from the back seat of your limousine, completely naked, while my new girl friend is eating my pussy!" I was startled when Becky jumped up and looked at me. "Girl Friend?", she asked. I smiled and replied, "Well aren't you?" Becky looked at me and said, "Kelly. Please tell me this isn't the alcohol talking".

I leaned up, looked into her eyes, and replied, "Becky. I knew you were my girlfriend, when you stayed by me, when Alice had me sit with my legs spread wipe open, so everyone could see inside my pussy. You never abandoned me. I hadn't had a drop of alcohol, at that time. I might be rambling on a bit now, because of the drinks I've had since, but I was completely sober, when I realized what you mean to me".

We both looked at each other, then started making out like teenagers, in the back of James' limousine. As we approached Becky's pub, She asked James to drop us off behind the building, seeing the many people still on the streets, at !2;20 in the morning. James pulled around into the ally, at the rear of the pub, got out of the limousine, then opened the rear door for us.

We exited the limo, about 40 feet from the rear door of the pub. James looked at Becky first, then to me, and said, "I'm happy for you both. Stay true to each other". We both gave him a hug, then holding hands, made our way through the parking area, to the rear door of the pub. The automatic spot light came on, and a silhouette of my naked form, was cast across the surface, of parking area.

Becky opened the door, turned on the lights to the pool room, then made her way to behind the bar. She made herself one of her special extra strong, Long Island iced teas, then gulped it down. To my surprise, she started to disrobe behind the bar. Once completely naked, she opened a drawer behind the bar and pulled out a tiny black thong, and a little black and white, vertical striped mini skirt. Like something a female referee would wear, but much shorter, and revealing.

She put on the thong and short skirt, then stepped back into her black shoes. She looked at me, and said, "Kelly. I served drinks in this pub, when Brian owned it, dressed like this, for years. She was absolutely adorable. Just then, someone knocked on the front window of the pub. Becky ignored them, and pulled out an envelope, then handed it to me. While she was playing catch up, and slurping down her second drink, I opened the envelope.

There was a note, along with thirty $100.00 bills. The note said, "Kelly. Alice and I can not thank you enough for making our party so memorable for our guests. Enclosed is the agreed upon wage, along with a small bonus, as a show of our appreciation. Please don't be a stranger. Your friends, Alice and Blanch". I looked at Becky, and said, "Becky! There's $3000.00 dollars here!"

Becky took another gulp of her drink, when a meticulously timed knock on the front window, became impossible to ignore. She took the envelope, placed it in the cash register, and asked me, "Should we open up for and hour and a half ?" I hesitated,then replied, "Sure. Why not?" She quickly poured two fireball shots for us, and placed them on the bar.

We downed the shots. I then watched Becky unlock the front door, wearing nothing but her thong, referee skirt and black shoes. Again! I can't describe how adorable she looked! I heard a familiar voice say, "Hey Girl! Seems like old times!" To my great relief, the four auto mechanics, were at the door. They filed in, greeting a now topless Becky, as they made their way to the bar stools, they usually occupied.

"Hey Kelly!" one of them said to me. "Where's your referee skirt? So happy they were here, I smiled, and said, "It's at the cleaners". More people made their way into the bar, but I felt safe, knowing the four guys had our backs. Becky would later tell me that she knew it was them, from the knock on the window. Otherwise she would have not opened the pub for business.


T-shirt for sale. Part 42

The auto mechanic, who asked where my skirt was, walked over to where I was standing. He looked me over, and said, "So. It was your skirt, that was in need of cleaning, Huh?", with a somewhat sinister grin on his face. I played coy, and responded, "Yeah. I can be clumsy at times. I must have gotten a stain on it, so it had to be sent to the cleaners", thinking he just wanted a closer look at my naked body.

He smiled again, then focused his attention on my breasts, or so I thought. Having been told twice that night, that my nipples resembled perfectly shaped gumdrops, I was feeling a bit proud of them, even if my breasts were small, and allowed him a good look. That's when he said, "Slut". I replied, "What?" He responded. "Slut. That's what your necklace says". I just replied, "Oh that. A friend of mine gave it to me as a joke. That's all".

He responded, "Well Kelly. It goes perfectly with your attire", then rejoined his buddies at the bar. "My attire?", I thought to myself. "I'm not wearing any clothes. What did he mean by that?" I shrugged it off, then noticed Becky had organized the customers in a line, so she could take the drink orders, collect the money, and prepare the drinks, for me to deliver.

Becky allowed only twenty people in the pub, before locking the front door, but leaving her key in the lock, in case of some unforeseen emergency. I was feeling pretty buzzed, but kept my wits about me, as I served the drinks, and mingled with customers. Perceiving my own self-importance, since I was the "Only One Naked", I pranced around the bar, forgetting the cum bath, Becky had given me earlier.

I received all sorts of looks, but attributed them to the fact that I was naked, and continued serving the drinks, to the small group of late night customers. I heard a tap on the front door, that would draw Becky from behind the bar. My heart melted, as I watched her walk to the door, covered only by her short, black and white referee skirt, and black shoes. Is there another word for "Adorable" ?

She opened the door, and Kim walked in, Fully dressed in her black leather halter top, short jean skirt, and black military boots, she looked as though she had fun at the fair. She made her way around the pub, then eventually made her way over to me. She took one look at me, and said, "Another cum bath, Kelly?' OMG! that's why everyone was looking at me. That's why the auto mechanic, said my "SLUT" necklace, went perfectly with my attire. "I MUST LOOK LIKE A TOTAL SLUT!"

I tried to keep my composure, then excused myself to visit the ladies' room. Before I could shut the door behind me, Becky made her way in, and joined me. I took one look at myself in the mirror, and nearly broke down in tears. Becky recognized my emotional torment, and said, "Relax Kelly. You look great".

Seeing my stiff hair, pointed in every direction, and the still visible coating of my own dried cum, that ran from between my thighs, right up to my face, I just pouted, turned to her, and said, "I look like a naked female "Edward Scissor Hands", but with no scissors". Becky started laughing, then replied, "Kelly! I own this pub. You'll probably get a little teasing, but if anyone gets down right rude, I'll throw them out. Meanwhile, you just have a good time, because I know that deep down, you love it".

We kissed, then made our way back out to the bar, where the clicking of cell phone cameras, was unmistakable. Becky kissed me again, then returned to making drinks, and serving them, happy to be seen wearing nothing but her tiny black and white skirt. Kim took me by the hand. and said, "I haven't seen Becky in that skirt, or looking so happy in years. What gives?"

Before Kim was able to ask me again, not to hurt Becky', I replied, "Kim. I don't know if I'm lesbian or not. All I know is that when I'm with Becky, I feel totally comfortable and secure, and I know, there's nowhere else I want to be". She just smiled, and said, as she put her arm around my shoulder, "Kelly. I'm truly happy for both of you. Now. Let's parade your trashy ass around the pub".

Unable to take my eyes off of Becky, her perfectly shaped breasts, with her tiny black and white skirt, I followed Kim to the bar, to help distribute the drinks. When I delivered two drinks to a couple of women in their thirties, one of them looked me over and asked, "So what have you been up to, that has left you in such a lascivious state?" I didn't know how to answer, when Becky walked up, then answered for me.

"Hi Gina", she said. "If you must know, I masturbated Kelly at one of Alice's parties tonight. I worked her clit to a massive orgasm, in front of forty clothed people. Then I smeared the incredible volume of sweet nectar, all over her. That's why she looks like she does. Any more questions?" The woman replied. I would liked to have seen that". Becky's reply would leave me feeling apprehensive and vulnerable.

"Well that's not possible, but we can re-enact it for you". I turned to her, and said, "Becky!" She took my hand and led me to the bar, while saying, "Oh come on Kelly. It'll be fun". Before I could utter and word of protest, She turned to the auto mechanic who had mentioned my "SLUT" necklace, and said, "Bobby. Will you help Kelly up onto the bar?" The young guy, picked me up by my waist, and sat my bare ass on the bar.

Within seconds, Becky had laid me out on the bar, putting some clean bar towels under my head. I was helpless to do anything, as she spread my legs wide open, so the bottom of me feet were touching each other. She then went on telling the story of my third public orgasm of the weekend, while gently rubbing my pussy with her left hand, and twirling my left nipple, with her right.

I could not understand how I could feel so humiliated, yet so aroused, at the same time. I kept my head turned to the left, taking in the view of Becky's bare breasts, as a distraction, while she went on explaining in detail, the events that occurred just two hours before, as the constant clicking of camera phones continued. Becky had no problem having her exposed tits, as part of everyone's permanent photo documentation of my debasement.


With everyone gathered around us, Becky told the story. "You see, Kelly was riding a Sybian saddle in front of the guests and staff, when she was unable to cum. That's when Blanch told me to provide her with some relief. I laid her out on the floor, pretty much like she is right now, then brought her to climax". Someone asked, "Are you going to make her cum now, Becky?", as if I was some sort of circus act. Her reply was reassuring. "No. I'm saving that for our little rendezvous, right after I throw you all out".

"When her body stopped twitching, and I felt she had the strength", Becky continued, "I helped her to her feet", as she assisted me up to a sitting position on the bar. "Bobby. Give our little trouper a hand down please", she said, as she made her way around the bar to meet me. She sat me in a chair, and spread my legs open again, as she finished telling the story, of how Alice had me take this exact position at the party, allowing the guests to ask me questions while I was on total display.

Becky leaned over and started kissing me. We kissed with our eyes open ,as I spread my legs even further apart, for the photo hungry group. I knew she was looking forward to eating my pussy again, as I was anxious to taste hers for the second time. Becky stood up and made an announcement. "The drinks are on the house for the next forty minutes. Please show your appreciation to"...she paused and looked at me, then continued,..."My Girlfriend, for being such a good sport".


