The restaurant is nice, low lighting and soft music playing. They're shown to a table that's near the corner of the room.

Cam holds Vala's chair out for her, winking and gesturing when she seems surprised.

"Thank you," she murmurs, sliding down into her chair. She looks across the table and smiles at Cam as he sits right across from her. "This is so... Its very romantic Cam."

"Okay, maybe you got me on this one," Cam admits. "But it's been a while since I've had anyone I wanted to take out. Maybe I went a little overboard."

Vala looks around the restaurant and shakes her head. "I've never had anybody... do something like this for me," she says quietly, quickly looking down at her menu to cover up the slight blush that creeps over her cheeks.

Cam is giving her a doubtful look, but her head is down, her eyes on the menu. "I find that hard to believe. I'm sure you've had guys knocking the door down since you were old enough to date. Bet you drove mom and dad crazy, didn't you?"

Vala lets out a laugh, shaking her head. "Well, did that certainly but probably not for how you figure." Running off and stealing various parts to make her own space ships was probably not a common occurence for Earth children. Vala didn't know of course, she was just guessing.

"So... where did you grow up exactly?" Cam asks.

"Didn't I tell you?" Vala asks, acting very surprised. "It was a small backwater town. Not very big with not very many people," she says offhandedly. "What about you?

"Yeah, but where? I've never heard an accent like yours, and I've done some traveling," he says. "I was born in Tennessee, but my dad was military so we moved around a lot. I spent most of my childhood and teenage years in the south, though."

Vala hurries to find someplace, anyplace. "LA," she finally says. Its someplace she knows Betty wants to go and visit, she just hopes its not too out there for a place for her to live.

His forehead creases in obvious confusion. "Los Angeles? Really?"

Vala flickers her eyes briefly off of Cam's face before back to him. "Yes, is there something wrong with that?"

"Vala, I've been to Los Angeles, and they don't talk like that in the City of Angels. I don’t think anyone would describe it as a backwater town, either," he says, and he wants to ask more but the waiter approaches. He asks for water for himself and then looks at her. "Wine?"

"Sure," she says happily, glad to have some sort of interruption to Cam's questions. "What do you recommend this evening?"

"Well, depending on what you are looking at for dinner, I find the John Duval Mourvedre Plexus Barossa to be a very full bodied with a rather robust flavour."

Vala blinks and looks over at Cam and then back at the waiter. "Alright, we'll have one of those then."

Cam just nods, very willing to go with that, since he doesn't know that much about wine. He's more of a beer kind of guy himself. "Sounds good to me."

"Of course, I'll be right back with those." The waiter gives a slight bow and slips away from the table.

Vala grins over the candlelight to Cam. "So, growing up in Tennessee, huh?" She has absolutely no idea where Tennessee is. "What was that like?"

He laughs. "Slow. Lots of fried food. I played sports... football, did some track, baseball... normal kid's life, I guess. I just had to move around more than most kids until my dad got an honorable discharge. We stayed in Tennessee a few more years after that, and then he found a job in Kansas when I was in high school. They've been there since then."

"Kansas?" Vala hasn't heard of this place before. It sounds fun and exotic.

"Yeah, Kansas," he says. "Not exactly Los Angeles."

He gives her a look like he's still waiting on her to explain that one.

"Yeah not exactly," she agrees, not knowing what she's agreeing to at all. She doesn't provide an explanation for LA, still hoping she can ride this one out.

Their wine comes and Cam is surprised to find he actually likes it. "Guessing Sal doesn't keep anything likethis tucked under the counter, does he?"

She snorts. "Oh no. Some good whiskey yes, a bit of moonshine he made himself but something like this? No." Vala swirled her glass slightly and took a small sip. She smiled at the flavour on her tongue, it was a very good year indeed.

"Sal makes moonshine?" Cam can't help but be intrigued. "Okay, I want to try some of that. I've never had homemade moonshine."

Vala shrugs. "I can't say its any good. Its something he's trying a hand at anyways. Sometimes it goes really well and sometimes it blows up a double boiler."

"Gotta admire a man that can cook a damn fine omelet and makes his own rotgut," Cam says.

"That is certainly one way to look at it, yes," Vala chuckles. She takes a deep drink of her wine and relaxes back with her menu, taking one final look to make sure she knew what she wanted to eat.

The waiter comes to take their order and then disappears again, leaving them with the relative illusion of privacy despite the muted voices providing a low soundtrack to their evening.

Cam smiles at Vala without saying anything.

Vala gets nervous and her eyes flicker to the side before she begins to smile back at him. "What?" She asks, not sure what it is that's making him grin like that.

"Nothing," he says, his voice holding a teasing little tone. He lets his voice drop slightly. "You just look... really good. Too good to be here with my sorry butt."

Vala's smile softens and she blushes as she looks away for a moment. "I do not. You look very handsome this evening Cam."

He reaches out and pushes her hair over her shoulder, an excuse to touch her. "So I thought tomorrow, you can hit the spa while I go to the gym... pamper yourself a little, miss no-days-off-in-months."

"Ooh, spa?" Vala asks, her eyes lighting up at the idea of that.

"I thought you might like that," he says, laughing at the expression on her face. He reaches for her hand, holding it loosely. "We can wake up... have some breakfast... you can go to the spa... I'll get my workout in...."

"Gotta work out everyday?" Vala asks, looking him over. He certainly looks good and she can appreciate that.

He shrugs. "Yeah. I do."

After his crash and a long period of in activity, he'd worked hard to rebuild his muscle mass, and he hadn't let the habit drop once he'd gotten onto SG-1.

"Well, not going to complain. Certainly like the end result," Vala murmurs, reaching out to squeeze one of Cam's biceps.

He is about to say something else to her when he spots something that makes him turn his head to avoid laughing. She looks confused so he gestures her in closer. "Don't stare, but. Check out that guy behind me, just walked in."

Vala turns her head slightly and checks out the green checkered pants that the man has walked in wearing. "Well, that certainly makes a statement."

"What do you think?" Cam tries to pass his expression off as serious. "Think I could pull them off?"

"Well, I would certainly pull them off you," Vala responds quietly, giving him a serious look back.

"Well, I could only wear this pants if you wore what she's wearing," Cam says, nodding toward the rather unfortunate combination of pleather and purple flannel two sizes two small on the woman accompanying the fellow in green checkered pants.

"Um," Vala frowns and cocks her head to the side. "How does one... I mean, how does she even put that on?" Vala asks, looking back at Cam. "I really think she was squeezed into it."

"Maybe she sewed it onto herself..." Cam risks a glance back around. "Otherwise, I know know. Some grease, maybe."

Vala snickers and nods. "I am sure thats how it worked. He greased her up and she slid on in."

Cam makes a face. "Okay, now that's just... unpleasant imagery."

Vala giggles. "Mm, perhaps we should think of pleasanter things?”

“Like me greasing you up while you slide into those pants?” Cam snickers.

Vala laughs. ”What would you rather think of?"

"Right now?” Cam considers the question. “A good meal, you, and enjoying this wine."

"A man of simple and yet good pleasures," Vala agrees. She raises her glass to him and clinks it with his before taking a sip of her own. "I certainly couldn't ask for much more either."

"No?" Cam asks, slightly surprised for reasons he can't isolate. "Nothing?"

"Well, I mean, there is always lying back naked in a massive pile of gold and jewels but, other than that... Yeah, this is just right."

“I’m hurt...”

"Well darling, gold is very useful. Though... perhaps you would be much more pleasant to spend time with." She offers him a teasing grin back as she sips her wine.

"Whole lot warmer," Cam agrees. "Money's awfully hard to curl up with in the night."

Vala's lips slowly curl into a grin. "You're rather nice curling up with," she agrees, conceding that point. "And you have quite a few other good points to..." She trails off, looking down his body slowly.

“Just a few?” He feigns disappointment.

"Well we can count the ways? See how many there are." Vala grins over at Cam and begins to count, "You're really good in bed, you have a nice arse, you have a good sense of humour, I like your car--" Vala says out loud, counting on her fingers as she goes.

Cam laughs and takes a drink of wine while he listens to her rattle off what she likes about him. "So, that's four..."

"Oh counting I see then. Well, you keep me company at work, you're good in bed, I like the shower head you have in your shower..."

“Hey, I think you said that one twice..." Cam says. "That, uh... the bed one..."

“Are you complaining that I think you're good enough to mention it more than once?" Vala smirks and looks up at him over her fingers.

"When you put it like that... no, not complaining at all," he says with a very earnest grin. "But I'm glad there are other things on the list, too."

"Of course there are other things on the list," Vala says softly. Reaching under the table, Vala snagged Cam's hand and smiled at him. "There are a lot of things about you I like. You brought me here for one, actually wanted to take me out for a little vacation. Never had anyone do that for me before."

He just shakes his head, not quite believing her about that still. "Vala, you can't tell me guys haven't done crazy things to get your attention before. You're gorgeous, and that smile..."

He shakes his head again.

"Well, crazy things yes but nothing that I liked like this." She gave Cam another one of those grins. "There really is so many village rival's heads in a bag you can receive before it really begins to mean nothing..."

"Uhh.... okay, I will definitely remember not to bring you the heads of any village rivals," Cam says. "I'm more of a flowers and chocolate kind of guy myself. Maybe jewelry, on a good day."

Vala beams. "Those all sound very nice. I'd like those."

The waiter brings their food, politely waiting until Cam smiles and nods to walk away. Vala seems to approach the meal with delight that Cam is amused by, considering she works with food every day.

Vala may work with food, but her food has never looked as pretty as this does. She picks up a fork and eagerly jumps into the meal, digging into her dish with relish.

"Mm, oh this is great! You need to try some!"

"Yeah?" He takes his fork and leans over to steal a bite off of her plate. "Yeah, not too bad... you want-"

He realizes before he can finish the sentence that she's already chewing a bite of his steak.

"Ooh, very nice!" She likes her lips and nods at him. "I like it."

"Good," he says, satisfied. "But don't forget to save room for dessert."

Vala's eyes light up and she smiles happily over at Cam over her dinner. "Absolutely."

*

They walk through the lobby in a leisurely way, Vala tucked into Cam's side. She's got her head against his shoulder, her slight form pressed to him with his arm around her waist. He's half hard and half drunk and entirely looking forward to whatever is about to happen.

The elevator dings and the doors open. They're the only ones inside when it closes again, so Cam doesn't waist time. He leans back against the wall and pulls Vala in against him, hands sliding down to cup her ass while they kiss.

"Oooh, you're getting naughty," Vala whispers, pressing her body against his. "I like it when you get naughty." She giggles, high-pitched and girly.

"Just a little bit of making out..." He murmurs, grinning, words spilling out of his mouth. "Nothing too bad. Get you a detention in high school, a cough or two on the train... nothing indecent..."

"You're grabbing my ass," Vala points out, grinding into him.

"You want me to stop?" He asks, sliding his hands up just to tease, resting them on her lower back. "That PG enough?"

"Oh I didn't mean you had to stop," Vala laughs. "I quite liked them on me actually."

The door dings again and Cam gives her ass one more squeeze before he steps around her. He takes a few steps before looking back over his shoulder. "What are you waiting on, honey?"

Hopping to, Vala spins and runs out the elevator door, grabbing his arm in hers. "Hurry up and get us in the room. I need to change."

"Change? Are you going somewhere? Because I kinda thought..." He frowns and stops talking, not sure if he's being presumptuous or not. "I was hoping the evening would end with less clothes, not more..."

Vala sneaks the keycard out of Cam's pocket, knowing what to do with it now. "True, but I have something special for you to get to take off..." She winks at him and slips inside and into the bathroom.

He grins as he watches her walk away. He's still grinning when he sits down on the bed. He kicks off his shoes and then takes his socks off, but hesitates before removing anything else, just waits on her.

It takes Vala a little bit but she steps out of the bathroom with her hair up in a clip and a short, silk black robe tied around her body, covering anything up. Her stockings are still on and she still has her heels on as she walks out of the bathroom and over to Cam.

Cam sits up when she walks out, then gets to his feet. He feels the blood thrumming through his body, all headed in one direction. He stands right in front of her and reaches for the belt on her robe, fingering the silky material of one end. He gives an ever so slight tug and breathes heavier when the material parts on its own, letting him glimpse what is underneath.

"You like tearing the wrapping paper off your presents?" Vala asks quietly, smirking at him as she lets him tug her robe open.

"I was an impatient kid," he says, leaning down to kiss her first softly then more insistently as his hands slide around the fabric clinging to her body, underneath the robes. He draws them up her sides then pushes the robe off altogether until it hits the floor at their feet.

Stepping back, he looks at her. "You are just... damn, woman. You are too hot for words."

Vala preens in front of Cameron, enjoying his gaze on her. She turns slightly to one side before turning all the way around, letting him get a good look at her all over. "Am certainly glad you like."

He reaches up and touches the little bow right between her breasts before reaching for her again. He turns them around so that she's closer to the bed and then pushes her back until her knees hit the mattress. A quick touch to her shoulder and he lets her know he wants to her sit.

He sinks to the floor and puts a hand on each of her thighs, spreading them open. He looks up to make sure she sees where he's going with this, and grins again.

Vala is following what he wants and she lets her legs relax and slide open as he pushes at them. She reaches out and touches his hair, her fingers playing with it.

He dips his head and kisses her inner thigh, soft pressure of his lips against her skin before he mouths upward. His tongue darts out just a little, tasting. Her skin there is soft and he thinks about nipping at it just to see it flush red, but decides to wait. There's time for that later. Right now...

He noses over, his lips skimming the thin silk of her panties, breathing her in.

“You like to take your time, hm?" Vala observes as she leans back to watch.

He rests his chin on her knee and looks up at her. "I think we've gone fast plenty of times, don't you? We've got all night here... nice big bed to enjoy..."

He reaches out and presses his hand against the mattress, hitting it a couple of times as if to show her exactly how big and nice the bed really is.

"So I don't think there's anything much wrong with wanting to take our time..."

"Oh no, taking our time is not what I meant, I guess. I certainly intend to do that quiet leisurely." She smirks and shifts slightly on the bed, moving herself a bit closer to Cam. "I meant uh, this you're doing specifically. You seem to enjoy taking time doing it. Something you get off on?"

"Oh.... well," he flashes her a grin. "Yeah. I guess I do like taking my time. But you look so good right now... be a shame to just rip this off of you."

He curls his fingers around her hip, over the lingerie.

"Well, I wore it for you, I'd hate to think you didn't get the full effect from it." She smirks and pushes her chest out a bit in the bustier.

Instead of answering her, he rubs a hand along her thigh and goes back to what he was doing before, dropping soft little kisses over her skin. He works his way back to the panties and then licks at her clit through them.

Vala shudders slightly under his mouth and opens her legs wider for him.

He hooks his fingers under the band of the panties and pulls them down, down, down, until they pass her knees and drop to the floor. He leans back before tasting her, lifts one heel-clad foot and guides the scrap of underwear around them. He does the same with the other foot before letting it go again.

He has to lean back once more just to look at her, wearing the sexy little outfit for him, stockings and garter on, heels on, with no underwear splayed out for him. He reaches down and presses his hand against his cock to try and ease the sudden aching hardness.

She enjoys his response and takes a moment to put on a small show for him. Her legs push out further, opening herself up to him so he can see her pussy part just a bit.

He groans and he can't resist leaning forward and pressing his mouth to her then. She tastes good, sweet when his tongue parts her and slides inside, the scent strong and intoxicating here. He wants her so badly... a low noise, almost a growl, escapes his throat and he curves his hands underneath her ass to pull her more completely against him as he works his tongue into her.

"Had no idea this did so much for you," Vala pants as she pushes her hips up towards Cam. She can hear and feel the little growl that escapes him and she squeals softly, the vibrations jerking right across her clit. "Ooh, thats good," she whimpers as she begins to roll her hips up closer to him.

The truth is, she does this much for him, but he's a bit too preoccupied to actually say that to her. He licks up her pussy until he's circling her clit with his tongue, pressing a finger into the dampness of her slit, playing with the moisture and spreading it around, and then he's sliding two fingers into her and starting a slow thrusting with them.

Vala's head falls back as she begins to move with him. At first its just small, little thrusts but after she feels Cam slide in a second figure, Vala begins to push harder. Her hips dip and roll as she moves to ride his fingers.

Reaching down, her fingers thread through Cam's hair before giving it a gentle tug, pulling his face closer to her.

He hadn't really planned on taking this all the way for her - he'd just wanted a quick taste, a little bit of foreplay - but now that he can feel her clenching around him and feel the urgency in her movements, the noises she's making, he wants her to come. He fucks her faster with his fingers, sucks hard on her clit and flicks his tongue against it, trying to push her over.

Vala groans and shudders, a huge smile on her face as she gives in to Cam's ministrations and comes directly into his mouth.

Cam slides his fingers out of her, feeling very satisfied with himself. He stands, pausing briefly to rub at his thigh where it's threatening to ache at kneeling so long, but he won't let that get in his way of anything right now.

He pushes her back against the bed and straddles her body, using his size advantage to manhandle her slightly. "How was that, honey? That good?" He kisses her jaw, nose against her cheek.

"Ooh, that was very good. You want a cookie for that one, huh?" She teases, giggling and wiggling under him.

"Uh, maybe later on that cookie," he says, nuzzling her more closely. He reaches down and takes her hand and moves it to his cock, pressing her palm to him through his pants. "Got something else I want right now."

"You got the cream," she teases, her tongue poking out slightly.

"Yeah, but I'm greedy," Cam says. "I want more."

"Oh I'm sure you do," she chuckles and squeezes around Cam's cock. She smiles at him, feeling excited that he would put her hand on him, so blatantly showing her what he wanted and how turned on he was. "But there are so many options..." she trails off, her finger trailing down the cotton covered length. "What to do..."

He eases onto his side, moving slowly and obviously enough that her hand doesn't move on him - at least not until she wants it to, using that fingertip to elicit shivers. "Here's one option," Cam says, mimicking her touch with his finger across the curve of her breast, a nipple outlined under her lingerie. "We could get more naked."

Vala shudders and shakes her chest for him. "I definitely like more naked. What do you think? Going to unwrap your present?"

He grins slightly sheepishly. "Now that I've taken my time and enjoyed the wrapping..."

It takes him a minute to find the discreet buttons along the back, but his fingers slip them through the eyeholes and then peel away the material from her body. He leaves the garters and stockings for last.

Vala lets him slowly undress her, enjoying how soft his hands are on her body. She watches as the nightie falls off her body and onto the ground. "Ooh," she giggles and steps out of it, moving to stand in front of Cam in the garter, stockings and high heels.

"I notice you seem to have left these on still..."

They're reversed from the positions that they were in before, Cam sitting on the bed and Vala standing between his legs. He pats his knee to motion for her to rest her foot there, letting her balance with her hand on his shoulder. He slides the shoe off of her foot and lets it drop with a thud, then does the same for the other. He's not complaining at all about this view, either.

He's tempted to leave the garter and belt on completely but he wants her naked. He removes both at the same time, revealing the soft silky skin of her bared legs.

She chuckles and lets Cam bare her legs before she slides down into his lap. "I'm surprised," she admits as she sits on him. "I had expected you to leave them on just for kinkiness' sake." She rolls her hips on his lap, her pussy right over his still cotton covered cock.

“Maybe we'll put them back on you later," he mumbles, distracted suddenly by the motion of her body against his. "God, how do you... how do you move like that... don't stop."

He sinks his fingers into her hair and guides her mouth back to his for another kiss, long and slow, with lots of tongue.

"Very easy," Vala laughs, kissing Cam back slowly. "Just..." She puts his hands on her hips, enjoying how wide and large they seem against her body. "Just put your hands here, feel... It's just a dip and roll," she says slowly as she does them. "A shimmy and push."

“Okay, these need to come off..." Cam says, but instead of pushing here away from him he pulls her closer and kisses her again.

“And yet, you seem fairly distracted," Vala murmurs into the kiss. She lets her body press against his own as she slips her tongue in alongside his own.

He reaches down between them and starts to undo his pants, but ends up laughing into her mouth because there's really no room to maneuver. He finally sighs and pushes her off of him, shoving them down and kicking them off without moving too much. "There. Better."

He grins and stands up too, ignoring the way his cock is tenting his boxers blatantly.

Vala giggles and hooks her fingers into the stretchy waistband of his boxers and pulls him in to her. "Ooh," she purrs, pressing a kiss to his belly button. His cock moves and bumps her in the bottom of the chin and Vala breaks out into another laugh.

"Very well then, since you're so insistent," she teases him before pushing his boxers down and off.

"I think it likes you," Cam grins, definitely not complaining once the boxers are off too, because Vala looks hot as hell with his cock in her face and he really hopes she's about to put that wide, smiling mouth to use.

"Oh, you think so? I am a very friendly person..." Vala turns her head slightly to regard him slowly as she flicks her tongue out to lick her lips.

He bites back a whine. "You wouldn't be teasing me now, would you?"

Her eyes flicker up to his face and she breaks into a wide grin. "I don't have any idea of what you are speaking of," she says innocently.

He decides he's done with the teasing and reaches down, moving quickly and decisively. He hauls her up then scoops her into his arms. He hovers over the bed, winks, and then... drops her.

Vala cries out, her arms flailing as she flops back onto the bed. "Ack! Cam!" She cries out, trying to glare at him but not really being able to as she's laughing too hard.

He shoves down his shorts off and gets on the bed too, crawl ing on top of Vala and kissing her until her laughter is muffled, his cock pressing against her hip. "Time for that later," he says, kissing the corner of her mouth, nipping her earlobe between his teeth. His other hand palms her hip, turning her toward him. "I want you now."

"Cant hold out any longer?" She teases him gently. She understands his neediness, she was the same way before he stuck his tongue inside her and licked her out.

"Where are the condoms Cam?" She asks, hoping he brought some because she as sure forgot them.

He has to move away from her to grab his pants, pulling one of out of the back pocket. He's got a box of them in his suitcase, but he'd stashed one just in case things got a little out of hand and they weren't back in the room.

He rips it open and lets the wrapper drop onto the floor, leaning to the side and rolling it on himself. He can tell she's watching and it almost makes him blush - such a weird thing to be embarrassed by.

She gets an excited thrill every time she watches him slide the condom on and down his cock. She readies herself for him so when he turns back to her she is splayed out on the bed, her legs open and parted for him.

He makes a low, appreciative sound and reaches out to touch her, unable to resist the lure of all that pale, beautiful skin. He cups her breast and leans down to kiss her nipple, wrapping his lips around it and suckling while he guides himself into her, stopping just before he presses inside. He explores her first, feels the slickness and the textures of her body, rubbing the latex encased head of his cock against her clit and grinning when it makes her gasp.

"Cam--" she moans softly. She wraps a leg around his waist and tries to draw him in but he stays far enough back from her. She groans and pushes her hips up closer to him, trying to get him in her. "Want you," she moans softly.

He doesn't have it in him to make her wait tonight. He slides in, dropping his head to her shoulder and turning his face in until his nose is against her neck, breathing deeply until he's completely inside of her. He starts to move slowly, hips working at an even pace, knowing he wants to last and how worked up he already is.

Vala groans as her hips meet with his at each thrust. "So good," she groans softly. Turning her head to the side, Vala catches the corner of Cam's mouth and presses a kiss to it, her lips moving until she's able to slip her tongue into his mouth and kiss him deeper.

He leans in closer to her until their torsos are pressed together. He can feel the sweat on her skin slick against his own, and feel her breath mingling with his. He's making noises, sounds that don't even sound like him, lost in pleasure and without shame, taking pleasure in the fact that however loud he is, she's louder.

She's louder and shameless, not caring who hears her cries. Grunting she thrusts her hips higher, trying to get Cam deeper inside her. "More, come on more," she begs him softly.

He changes the angle, lifts her legs and wraps them around his waist, sliding in until her ass is pressed against his balls, her body so close to his. He palms her breasts, squeezing her nipples, trying to eke out every last bit of contact and sensation, pushing her against the bed and the bed against the wall with a loud clacking noise.

She groans and that is just what she wanted. Her body is practically thrumming, feeling like she's right on the edge of the cliff again and just waiting for him. "Come on," she urges softly. "Come on Cam. Know you wanna come. Know you need to come don't you baby?"

He reaches between them, hand on her pelvis feeling the tickle of her public hair, the generous slickness of her cunt everywhere now. He gets a thumb against her clit and doesn't do much more than leave it there, letting the motion of his body pushing hers provide the movement for him, rubbing the hard little bundle of nerves with every hard and fast stroke in until she's clenching and spasming around him, her body greedily milking him.

Vala shudders, her pussy clenching and tightening around his cock as she hears him groaning above her. Her hips jerk up hard a few times until Cam gets the idea and begins to rub, sending her into spasms. She cries out Cam's name, her fingernails digging into the skin on his back as she comes a second time.

As soon as she starts to come, he begins to move harder and faster, sloppier as he stops worrying about her pleasure and just focuses on his. He shouts something wordless as it starts, orgasm coiling in his gut, at the base of his spine, and exploding outward. His cock jerks and spurts and his balls throb tightly, sweat dripping down his face, his entire body tense with it until it starts to fade and he slowly relaxes, feeling boneless and sated.

"Damn," he grins, down at her, and presses his mouth to hers.

Vala isn't far behind, her body feeling exhausted and spent, as if she just ran the entire maxilian parade march all on her own. She whimpers softly and noses into the crook of his neck, her arms still around him and clinging to Cam for support.

"Can't talk," she mumbles against his mouth, her brain unable to formulate a thought much less a complete sentence.

He lowers himself down, groaning in relief this time at the feeling of the the bed against his back. He keeps Vala tucked against him though, his arm around her.

"See?" He says, after a few minutes. "Not only do I know how to unwrap my presents, I know how to play with them right, too."

She giggles, shaking her head. "Mm, can you pick up after you're done? Put them away right?" She teases him back.

“Maybe I'm not done with them yet," he says, on his side looking down at her. "Maybe I wanna keep them out so I can play again in a little bit."

"Wait, them? Which are we speaking about...?" She asks, looking down her chest and at her breasts. She shoots him another look, raising an eyebrow to ask him a silent question.

"Well... I mean.... they are nice, but that wasn't... I didn't mean..." He gets a little flustered, not wanting to actually offend her.

Vala laughs and rolls over a bit, kissing him lightly on the lips. "Don't worry, they can be lots of fun to play with," she assures him.

Cam laughs and reaches over, awkwardly turning to take care of the condom and then to turn off the lamp beside the bed and cast the room into mostly darkness. He peels back the covers and lets Vala climb in bed curling up beside her and letting his eyes fall shut.