I pause to savor the moment.
You might say it's part of my ritual.
Outside the bathhouse I'm conflicted and shy.
Inside, I'm shameless.
I strip and wander about naked with my cock hard. House rules permit it.
Everyone can see me.
I like that.
I pass guys with towels around their middle, or naked like me. I walk the hallways and look in open doors. I see men reclining, stroking their cocks and looking me in the eye.
Through some of the open doors I see men fondling each other.
I see them fucking.
I once saw two breathtakingly lovely men in their twenties passing through the premises like royalty, bare-bottomed Adonises with erections like flagpoles. Later one of them jerks off with me in the sauna.
Lighting is subdued, even when the pool and hot tub outside are sunny. The warm air holds a mix of sweat and spunk, with accents of mouthwash.
The lighting could be better, but I have no trouble looking through open doors and seeing which guys are masturbating while eyeing my stiff prick, which ones are sucking each other off, and which ones are fucking. Sometimes I pause at the threshold (no pun) while stroking myself. If I get an encouraging response, I go in the room and we take things from there.
There are video rooms where I can sit and watch porn while fondling my cock, but what I really do is watch the other guys in the room jerking off as they watch me.
If one is sitting next to me, we switch to stroking each other's cocks in no time.
After a bit of that, and if I think my partner agreeable, I suggest we fuck.
Tonight he says " _Yes_!"
Oh, yes!
I kneel before my partner, looking at the cock I'm about to take in my mouth.
I love this part.
He's hard. I'm about to make him harder.
I savor the moment.
I've never before seen this man.
It's possible I will never see him again.
None of that matters to either of us.
All that matters, here, and now, is our desire.
The air in the video room is hot and humidity caresses me all over. We both wear a fine beaded cloak of sweat.
And nothing more.
I love how that feels.
Gay porn plays on multiple video screens and above the moans and gasps from the screens a woman sings to a throbbing techno rhythm from speakers overhead. The sound envelopes us like the hot humid still air.
I take his cock in my mouth.
It is always a marvel to me, the way a man's cock feels when I do this. Around the corded shaft, which I will make even harder, his skin always delights me with its soft texture. How to describe? Like velvet, only living? Like the petal of an orchid, only warm, only pulsing?
I only think of these things later, trying to describe what words cannot capture.
For now I concentrate on exploring the underside of his cock with my tongue while I stroke mine gently.
I move my head back and forth, while his pelvis gyrates just enough that we get a good rhythm going.
 _Mmmmm_ I could do this forever!
But, delicious as it is, it is mere foreplay.
When he's good and hard I stop and stand.
He faces me. I see tanned legs and torso. His cock and ass seem to glow in the semidarkness around us, they are so pale.
His breathing is hoarse, his wide eyes so bottomless in the dim light I could drown in them.
I hand him a condom and rip open a lube pack. I lubricate myself, saving something for him to rub on his cock.
I turn and bend over, placing my hands on one of the benches that line the room.
His cock probes my hole. I push back in encouragement. I feel a steady pressure.
We stand still as statues, waiting for me to open up. I work on my cock.
He probes my ass with gentle thrusts. Slowly I loosen. At last, he penetrates me. I feel his cock darting in and out.
Soon his entire cock us inside me!
I twist and jerk my ass, impaled upon his cock, moaning in pleasure, while he thrusts in time to me. I stop stroking myself. My universe shrinks down to the sensation of him caressing my prostate with his prick.
My sphincter clamps on him. The sensation makes me groan.
He sets a strong rhythm. My lover is no longer gentle—he no longer needs to be. Repeatedly I bear down on him, while I swell and get ever harder. My hole spasms and I feel the pleasure rising in my cock.
It twitches.
It shudders.
I groan and _spray!_
I feel my lover's cock pulse deep in me as he cums. He gasps and I grunt as I force the rest of my spunk out of my own cock.
He keeps fucking me while I subside. After an eternity that doesn't last nearly long enough, he pulls his cock out. He sighs. I tremble.
We cuddle long in the afterglow.
I savor that moment.