Date: Thu, 5 Jun 2003 00:05:47 -0500
From: Josh <btomandback@hotmail.com>
Subject: Skinny Dipping Invaders Final

Just a couple of "housekeeping" notes before I finish SKIs. First, thank
you guys for all of the encouraging emails.  I did have one guy point out
that most boys that age have smaller cocks and that it wasn't believable
that Peter and Jay were that big. Well, the first guy I had sex with
definitely had one that big, or bigger. A couple of my fiends did.

Of course, my friend who I called "Mathew" may have exagerated things when
he told me about it. He had pictures of the boys (clothes on) and he didn't
exagerated how cute they were. In fact, I probably have not done them
justice. You guys have to know that I've embellished what Mathew told me in
order to "flesh out" the story, but I am basically relating what he said
happened.

Oh, and he had pictures of the pool/garden yard he had. It had a fairly
high cinder block fence and lots of trees and bushes. Pretty private,
unlike my yard with two story houses all around. I have to sneak out at
night to skinny dip.

Another email which warned me to insist that everything I write is pure
fiction so that the authorities don't came after me or Mathew. Well, for
anyone in law enforcement, let me assure you that I am sure Mathew was
blowing smoke out his ass, none of this ever happened, he probably got the
pictures he showed me off the internet, and boys' cocks are never that big
anyway!!!

Now, let's finish the story which is absolute fiction!! (wink)


Jay's First Lesson

We got the idea because I am a great swimmer, while Jay had never really
had lessons. So Jay told his parents that I had met him when he was with
Peter and that I was looking for someone to do some yard work and
chores. He told them that I had quite a bit and couldn't afford to pay a
whole lot, but that when Jay saw my pool and heard I was a great swimmer,
we agreed he would work for money and for help becoming a good swimmer.

Jay called me after his visit to say his dad thought it was a great
idea. He figured Jay would be a more serious student if he had to work for
his lessons. When Jay told me that, I decided I really needed to do this
right. I needed to really help Jay with his swimming. Not only that, I
actually could use some help around the house and didn't mind also paying
him a little.

We had agreed he would come over Sunday to begin work and have his first
lesson. We did not say when. The doorbell rang before 8:00 am.

I stumbled to the door in boxers, with bed hair, night breath, creases in
my face, and a foggy head. When I saw Jay there, smiling, at least my head
cleared.

He was in shorts, t-shirt, and shoes (no socks). "So," I croaked in my
morning voice, "you must be here for a lesson." I smiled.

"And work," said Jay seriously. "I thought I'd come this morning because
Peter's family is at church and I didn't want him to see me here--he'd give
me a rough time."

"I'm not so sure about that," I said, half under my breath. I waved him in

As he passed, Jay said, "I'm here to do whatever you need done. Consider me
your slave. Yep, anything you need," (He stressed the "anything".)

When I closed the door and turned to follow him, his face was inches from
me as he put his arms through under mine to hug my chest hard.

"Whoa, Little Champ," I cautioned and kissed him on the top of his head. I
haven't even brushed my teeth yet." I patted his butt, "Meet me in the
kitchen, OK?"

"Sure," he smiled, and went bouncing off while I went to my bathroom to
wake up the dead.

As I came in the kitchen, I almost "came" in the kitchen. Jay was there in
nothing but a brief, brief, black speedo. It wasn't a thong, but with his
Native-American equipment, it could have been. I certainly couldn't notice
much other than that pouch.

"How do you like my new suit?" Jay asked. "I told my folks I had to buy a
good competitive suit sense you would be teaching me that kind of
swimming."

"Well, Jay, I don't know what you are planning to compete in, but I'm ready
to declare you champ already!"

He had his longish black hair in a pony tail again, but there was no hiding
its body and luster. His hair was incredibly thick and came well down onto
his temples.

His dark brows, over the wide set, light blue eyes were arched, asking if I
approved. His features were not delicate, but his straight, flared nose and
full lips were half boy, half man.

There was not visible body hair on him, though I knew he had a bush under
the speedo. His shoulders were still slender, but looked like they would
feel out. They were one of his nicest features. He had those muscles over
the shoulders that looked almost like shoulder pads, and the long muscles
that rose from the tip of his shoulders were well developed and came high
up his neck.

His chest was thin, but nicely defined, with large, dark nipples. His torso
tapered gently to his small waist. There was a line down the middle of his
stomach, promising a six pack to come. His navel was well above the top of
the suit.

The legs of the suit rose up over the top of his long legs. Though not
highly defined, they were lean, and well muscled; no fat. His feet were
man's feet and his hands were man's hands. Veins ran up atop the muscles
from both.

His relaxed pose, and his body, reminded me of Michelangelo's David. I
wondered if the sculpture had anything this good to work from.

"Damn, Jay," I exclaimed. "You go out in public like that and you'll cause
the first ever sex riot. Look." I had thrown on shorts and now pulled the
front down to show my rising approval.

"Cool." Jay reached for his waist band.

"Hold on," I said, "If you pull those down, will you ever get them up
again?"

We both laughed. "Have you eaten breakfast?" I asked.

"Yeah," he said. All ready for my lesson.

"Hmmm," I said, grabbing an apple. "I think work first."

I lead him out onto the back patio where I gave him instructions to begin
weeding the beds. "Want to put your clothes back on first?" I asked.

"Naw. This is comfortable." He answered.

As he started to weed, I sat on the back patio and finished my apple and
had a little cereal. I watched as I ate. He was so naturally graceful that
watching him work was almost like watching a dance. But that suit,
especially every time he bent over, made it a very erotic dance.

He was beginning to sweat. His back was glistening. The sun was well up,
and it dawned on me that we needed to put some sun screen on him or he
would be going home as lobster boy.

Calling him back to the patio, grabbed up some lotion and explained he
needed to put on sun screen. He started to protest, saying that he always
tanned and never needed sunscreen. When I told him that I didn't care and
that I was going to put sunscreen on him anyway, he looked up at me with a
smile.

"You're going to put the sun screen on me?"

"Well, yes," I smiled back. "You might miss a place, or two, or three."

He came up to me and turned his back to me. "My body is yours, he
declared."

Standing close behind him, looking down at the long hair, those beautiful
shoulders, the smooth skin glistening with sweat, the black speedo covered
bottom poking out below, I sprouted more wood than a national forrest.

Warming the lotion in my hands first, I began with the back of his neck. I
rubbed up to his ears, and covered them and then spread the lotion out over
his shoulders.

Reaching over to place one hand on his chest to steady him, I began rubbing
in the lotion over his back, working down to the slender hips and rubbing
lotion in along the top of the suit. Then I ran lotion down under the suit,
onto his cute butt. I massaged the lotion into those beautiful butt cheeks,
explaining that you actually can get burned through a swim suit, (ha,ha).

I did each arm, starting at the shoulder and working down to the finger
tips. Then I started at the top of the back of his legs and began massaging
lotion onto them, working down to the calves, then heels. Through all of
this, he was making cooing sounds. From the side, I could see his eyes were
closed.

I sat down and told him to turn around. He was hard, his cockhead peaking
out the top of his waist band. "Put your foot up here, I don't want the top
of your feet to get burned." I patted the seat of the chair between my
legs.

He put his foot squarely on my crotch, and rubbed me with it. I looked up
and he was grinning broadly. "Cute," I pronounced, and applied lotion to
the top of his foot while he applied the bottom of his foot to me.

I did the foot and then worked lotion on up the calf, knee and up the
thigh. I rubbed the lotion into his thigh with long strokes, enjoying the
soft hairless skin and the muscles beneath. The farther I worked up his
leg, the more he had to bend it and the greater the pressure of his foot on
my cock. I began to wonder if I could handle two legs.

At the top of his leg, I smoothed in lotion all around the elastic leg
opening of the suit. Jay was leaking a bead of precum. I had leaked more
than a bead.

"Don't forget," Jay reminded me, "that you can get burned under a swim
suit."

I smiled up to him and asked for the other leg. I repeated the procedure on
the other leg, and so did he, rubbing my cock and balls with the sole of
his foot.

I finished the leg and put it down. Then I stood, our cocks almost
touching, and began smoothing lotion onto his chest. I lovingly rubbed his
little pecs, and then spread extra lotion on the nipples, one hand on
each. "Sure don't want these little beauties to get burned." I grinned.

His knees almost buckled. He grabbed the back of each of my arms with one
of his and held on, throwing his head back and made a long, singing type of
moan. I leaned forward and kissed his Adams apple. "Oops, I missed a spot."

I applied lotion to his neck, and holding his chin, I leaned forward and
kissed his lips. The kiss started to get deep and I pulled back. "I'm not
done yet, Little Champ," I told him.

Next I spread a thin layer of lotion over his nose, cheeks, and
forehead. Then I applied lotion to his tummy, rubbing with one hand while
my other rested on his butt to apply counter pressure.

Then my tummy hand slipped into the speedos, and caressed his balls. With
my cock pressed to the side of his hip, I bent to kiss him deeply as I
caressed his balls, then grasped his cock. His hand slid into my shorts and
grabbed my cock.

His balls were already getting pretty tight, so I wasted no more
time. Kneeling in front of him, I pulled the speedos down, gave a loving
lick to each ball, and then deep throated his cock.

He came almost instantly, and hard. Damn, he tasted good. I sucked hard to
get all I could and got it all down. His legs were definitely wobbly; his
hands were on my shoulders for support.

When the groaning and the wobbling and the cumming all finished, I kissed
his cock, and then rising, I pulled back up his speedos.

"I liked the lesson," he said.

Kissing him, I leaned to say at his ear, "Oh no you don't. That wasn't the
lesson yet. You still need to weed beds and then we start on the swimming."

He reached into my shorts and grabbed my hard, wet, throbbing cock. "Don't
we need to do one other thing first," he asked.

With that, he knelt in front of me and pulled down my shorts. With one
hand, he cupped my balls. The other held my cock as he examined it.

"That other night with Pete, was that the first time you sucked cock?" I
asked.

He nodded. But before I could tell him it was ok not to, he put his mouth
over my cock and tasted the head, then licked up and down the shaft. He
placed his lips over the crown and began trying to bobb. The kid did
well. I had to warn about teeth a couple of times, but before long, it was
my knees getting wobbly.

"Oh, Little Champ. I'm about to cum. You need to pull off."

But he didn't. He kept bobbing and picked up his pace. One hand began
rubbing my balls. I began blowing a huge load.

He choked a little and sputtered. Cum dripped down from the sides of his
mouth. He looked surprised.

"That wasn't bad," he commented, " It's ok. I can handle it."

"I'll take you up on that," I said as I pulled him up. Then I kissed him,
turned him, swatted him on the butt, and told him to get to work.

With the help of that tempoary relief, I was able to go in and get some
work of my own done. Later, I came out into the yard and worked a little on
weeding and trimming as well.

Finally, I pronounced us done and ready for swim lessons.

Jay let out a cheer, kicked off his shoes, and jumped into the pool. I
hosed myself off, kicked off my sandals and started down the steps into the
pool.

Jay swam up and splashed me as I was comming in. Jumping for him, I was
able to get an arm around him which forced his speedo package against my
hip. Getting a hand free, I began to tickle him and he squirmed away.

"Ok, Jay," I told him as I caught my breath, "Let me see you swim. Just
back and forth."

Well, it wasn't pretty, but there were some good things about his
stroke. He kept his head down, breathing to the side, though I needed to
slow that down a little. He kept his legs up (many beginners drop their
feet, lift their head, and try to swim a little upright in the water.)

I began to work with him, showing him how to scoop arms full of water on
each stroke and pull himself through the water like you would pull up a
rope. I got him rotating a little. His kick looked naturally strong.

Because I have a small pool, I have a training device I hardly ever use,
but pulled it out for Jay. It has a loop for the waist and is basically a
big bungie cord that holds you in place as you swim against it.

Though it never worked well for me, Jay seemed to benefit from being able
to swim without having to turn. He was kicking and stroking against the
bungie when I decided we had had enough for the day and came
alongside. Placing my hand on his speedos over his cock and balls, I yelled
at him, "Too much drag, suck it up."

"Huh?" he fought to get his footing as the bungie pulled him back a
little. I kept my hand on his cock and once he was standing, I repeated
myself. By then, he was getting a little hard. "That is definitely not how
to suck it up," I chided.

He was breathing hard and smiling. I said, "Here, let me help you catch
your breath," and I stuck my hand into his suit and grabbed his cock. He
did catch his breath.

"Let me undo this for you," I said as I reached around and undid the
trainer. He clasped his hands behind my neck, inviting me to pick him up. I
did and carried him to a lounge chair on the patio where I laid him down
and knelt beside him.

I tossled his hair. "You did really well, Little Champ. You know, I think I
could get you ready to try out for the swim team this year, if you want. "

His eyes lit up. "Really? But I don't know how to swim."

"Hey, you did well. There are just some things you are naturally good at,"
I smiled at him and winked.

He reached out and put his hand over my crotch. I had a semi. I put my hand
on his crotch. He was hard. We both rubbed a little.

I dropped my shorts and then kicked them off, staying on my knees next to
Jay. He reached over and caressed my cock and balls.

As he lay on my lounge chair, my eyes loved every inch of his beautiful boy
body in those hot, black speedos. I almost did not breathe as I put my
hands at the waist of his speedos and began to pull them down, carefully
lifting the waist band over his cock. I slid them off.

I crawled up next to him on the lounge chair so that we were on our sides,
our cocks pressed together. Looking down into his eyes, I softly asked,
"Well, Little Champ," how would you like to end the lesson.

He hesitated. "Please don't say you don't want to do anything except go
home," I pleaded mockingly.

He smiled. "Ok, Mathew. I want to fuck your ass."

I grabbed his hefty little cock lying between us and asked with mock
incredulity, "You want to put this beautiful, big hunk of hard, heroic boy
meat up my tiny, tight, hot, moist, soft, hungy and willing ass?"

He laughed. I looked seriously into his eyes and told him, "I would love
it."

Getting up, I got the light oil I use sometimes when I do a lot of swimming
and handed it to Jay. Then I lay on a second lounge chair I had with my
chest and head hanging over the foot end. That had the effect of raising my
ass some, and my hard cock pressed into the cotton cushion.

"How about getting us ready by oiling my back?" I asked. "Please?"

Jay jumped up and sat down on me with his butt at the top of my thighs and
his cock lying in my ass. Soon, I felt him working the warm oil onto my
shoulders and down my back.

"Ummmmm, that feels good. Be sure to oil my ass and your cock while you're
at it."

His hands were strong, but soft, especially with the oil. Everywhere he
touched me was soothing and loving. His cock lying in my ass crack felt
like it was where it belonged.

He worked the muscles of my back as he worked down. It really felt great
when he rubbed my butt. I told him how to knead it. He was good.

I felt him rubbing the warm oil into my crack. Then he began sliding his
dick up and down it, his balls pressing at the base. "Oh, man, that feels
good. Oil your balls too, Jay."

He did. Then he reached down between my legs and oiled my balls and slid an
oily hand up under my cock to lube it some. I was not concerned about the
cotton cushions. They'd been washed many times.

I spread my legs to give him access as he added more oil to my balls and
cock lying under me. He was now kneeling between my legs, his cock
occasionally brushing my butt.

"You ready Jay?"

"Oh, yeah"

"Then put it in guy. But go slow with that big hunk of meat." I was only
half kidding.

I pulled my knees up toward my sides, sort of like a frog's move, to really
spread my cheeks and give him access. Then there was a pressure at my ass
hole. Firmly, steadily, he moved himself all the way into me, now putting
his hands on either side of me to support himself.

I felt him lowering his weight onto me. Soon, he was fully in and all his
weight was on me as he slid his hands under my chest to rub my nipples. We
began to move. We slid a little because of the oil, but Jay locked his arms
under my stomach. We began to really hump; Jay humping into me; I humped
into the cushion. I could feel Jay rest the side of his face on my back and
I briefly thought we would need to wash off the oil.

His cock sliding in and out was hot, and slippery. His body on me fit like
part of me, but felt incredibly erotic. A young, 13 yo boy was lying naked
on my naked back, fucking my naked butt with his big boy cock. I felt his
oiled balls brushing at the base of my butt as he moved in and out.

As I humped up to meet him and get him all the way in and then back down,
my oiled cock sliding on the cushion was stimulating me fast. His cock in
my butt was hitting all the right places. The sex was exstatic.

We were both groaning and sweating and fucking hard. We both wanting him in
to the pubic bone on every thrust and a long slide back. He was scratching
a hugely deep itch. A sex itch. A craving in the butt and balls itch. And
he was scratching the itch with his cock.

We were fucking as hard and fast as I ever have with a guy. When our
orgasms came, they exploded. As I came, the friction of the cushion
suddenly overloading my senses while my full butt was crying for more
fucking. Jay was shooting hard into my butt. I could feel it hitting. We
were groaning, moaning, crying, panting and kept fucking.

We slowed and became motionless. Jay was still hard. I was semi. I felt him
arching his body to push his dick farther in and then relaxing again.  He
did that a couple of times and I began squeezing my butt on his cock. I did
not want him to get soft. I wanted him to fuck me more.

"Hey, Little Champ, let's keep going. Let's double orgasm. Keep
fucking. Can you keep fucking?"

He didn't answer, but instead began sliding in and out again. I began
caressing him with my butt hole as he moved. Before I knew it, I was hard
again. This time we moved slower, more luxuriantly. Jay would slowly draw
his cock all the way out to the head and then slowly push back in to the
bottom. I clenched his cock with my as as he moved.

He reached under me and put his hand under my balls and the base of my
cock. I ground into his hand as we fucked. He ground his cock into me. He
made swirls with his butt and I felt it stretching me.

I slid my legs down and together. Jay dropped his knees to the outside of
my legs and pulled my legs together with them. He put his hands on my
shoulders and began making the long strokes faster.

I started humping to his rythm. I held off until I could tell he was
coming, and then let myself go too.

We slowed and stopped.

"Jay. You aren't a Little Champ. You're one hell of a champ!!"

He was rubbing his well-lubed stomach back and forth over my well-oiled
back, but purely for the feel. We were both getting soft.

"You know what this means, Jay?" I asked.

He laid his cheek back down on my back. "No."

Well, this mess means you are going to have to come back for more work. He
laughed.


So that summer Jason came for swim lessons and I actually helped him. He
did go out for the swim team and did fine. At the start of the summer,
Peter mowed his lawn almost every week, and I learned to be ready for him
to take a dip afterward whenever he did. By the end of the summer, he was
not coming over.

That fall, I took a great job with a new company, but had to move to the
West Coast. I really didn't try to keep in touch with the boys. I was still
a little worried about what could happen if things turned bad. Still do, to
be truthful.


Hope you liked the story. That's pretty much all I remember from what
Mathew told me (plus liberal embellishing of course), but may add more
later. Watch for me to start posting my own story. They'll probably put it
in the younger section. Watch for the title, "The Names Have Been Changed."
As always, let me know suggestions and comments at btomandback@hotmail.com.

And thanks for all the encouragement. I wish I could hug you all. (And do a
few other things with you too!)

