




                             \\\//
                            -(@ @)-
                ---------oOO--(_)--OOo-------------------
		                WARNING!
		This text file contains sexually explicit
		material. If you do not wish to read this
		type of literature, or you are under age,
		PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!
		-----------------------------------------



			Scroll down to view text






Archive name: ex1.txt
Authors name: Homer Vargas
Story title : The Examination

-----------------------------------------------------
 Copyright Homer Vargas - 1998 - This work is
copyrighted to the author, with all rights reserved.
This story may be archived and displayed on non-
commercial web sites without permission, but please
make no chages to the text and do not remove the
author name or address.   Thank you
-----------------------------------------------------


The Examination

by Homer Vargas

	Kathy Black was mad as hell.  She had been 
sitting in her gynecologist's office for FORTY 
FIVE minutes waiting for her 4:30 appointment.  
With this delay she wouldn't be able to get back 
to the office this evening to polish the brief she 
was preparing for next Monday's hearing of the 
Ferguson case.  She couldn't understand how Janet 
could let her office could do this to her.  
Especially now that she was a Junior Partner, her 
time was valuable.  This delay was costing her 
close to $1,500.

	Kathy had been in a foul mood today, anyway.  
That asshole, Paul Graves, had been skulking 
around her office trying to get her to go out with 
him again.  What a skumbag!  He knew that she knew 
he was married and he didn't make any secret about 
his lewd intentions.  Did he think that just 
because he was a Senior Partner, the newest Junior 
Partner would sleep with him in gratitude?

	She certainly didn't need a pushy bastard 
like Paul Graves in her life.  Kathy already had a 
perfectly satisfactory boyfriend who was properly 
infatuated with the sexy young lawyer.  She had 
only to wait another six months until his 
inheritance vested fully to let him make her Mrs. 
Trent Atturbury.  She would take his name and take 
his money and in return he would get...  to be 
seen in public with her.

	Trent's family didn't like Kathy.  Daddy 
thought she was a high-class bitch and a 
golddigger.  That was because Bob Atturbury knew a 
lot more about women and about life than the 
somewhat effete Trent ever would.  One of the few 
mistakes Kathy had ever made with a man was to 
think she could sweeten up old Bob by seducing 
him.  Oh, getting him into her bed was no trouble; 
he was a horny old goat.  Fucked damned good, too.  
Better than Trent, but then, who didn't?  The next 
morning, however, Bob just laughed at her and said 
he had only wanted to see just how big a slut she 
was.  Fortunately, although Trent didn't have half 
his Daddy's brains, he would soon have more than 
half of Daddy's money.

***
	The receptionist behind the counter wasn't 
helping Kathy's mood, either.  "Suzie" was yacking 
away on the telephone.  Kathy cringed at her own 
politically incorrect characterization of the 
young woman who was, no doubt, a victim of an 
oppressive patriarchal society, but dammit, she 
was an obvious bimbo.  To make matters worse she 
was painting her nails a garish red while she 
talked to a girlfriend about the way some `total 
hunk' could `turn her inside out' in bed.  Where 
was Ruth, Janet's regular receptionist, Kathy 
wondered?

	Truth be told, the premises also had Kathy's 
nose out of joint.  Dr. Janet McGuire's former 
office had been a suite in a downtown office block 
near Kathy's own.  When Kathy had made this 
appointment for her annual check-up, she had been 
surprised to learn that Janet's office had moved.  
Whatever possessed Janet to bring her downtown 
obstetrics and gynecology practice -- so 
convenient for career women like herself -- to 
this large old house on the outskirts of town?  
The grounds were indeed spacious and the setting 
was beautiful in a bucolic sort of way, but so out 
of character for Janet.  Kathy had chosen Janet as 
her OBGYN in part because they were similar types: 
ambitious, single, hard-working, hard-playing, 
city girls.

	If the house and grounds were puzzling, the 
new decor was ghastly.  Kathy had appreciated the 
undestated former waiting room, done in dark woods 
and green leather.  It had looked like the public 
area of any other professional firm.  The present 
surroundings screamed out a change.  The room was 
furnished with low couches in the most cloying 
`feminine' pastel upholstery.  The pattern of the 
wallcovering looked like a cheep valentine.  
Flowers, voluptuous nymphs, cupids shooting 
arrows!  Gad!  The classical music Janet had 
previously favored had been replaced by `romantic' 
soft rock.  Kathy had made the receptionist turn 
off the TV tuned to Oprah re-runs.

	The reading material only rubbed in the 
office's disconcerting transformation.  Gone were 
the almost up-to-date issues of "The New Yorker," 
"New Republic," "Progressive," and "New York 
Review of Books."  In their place were copies of 
magazines Kathy had never seen before with names 
like "Maternity Today," "Babies!," "Body and 
Child."  The worst was one was "Total Woman."  
Kathy leafed through it in disgusted fascination.  
She couldn't believe Janet knew what was out here 
in her waiting room.  This publication was an 
insult to any modern woman.  It was filled with 
"advice" on how to look, dress, talk, and act to 
please men.  "Men Like Minis," "The Lost Art of 
Being Seduced," "Let Him Give You Super Orgasms."  
"Is Breast Enlargement for You?"  (If you were 
less than a 40DD, the unsurprising answer was 
"yes.")  Revolting!

	The articles that didn't deal with having sex 
were about having babies.  "Convince Him to Give 
You Another Child,"  "Twins are Twice the Fun,"  
"Herbs To Increase Your Fertility."  "The Talk" 
advised explaining your surprise pregnancy to your 
teenage daughter by telling her that, "Daddy 
decided he wanted Mommy to have more babies and 
Mommy loves Daddy so much she gave him one."  And 
not to worry because "Daddy makes enough money so 
Mommy doesn't have to work and can stay home to 
take care of you and the new babies."  Outrageous!  
Judging by the reading material, the OB part of 
the practice seemed to have swallowed up the GYN.

	"The doctor is almost ready to see you," 
Suzie announced.  "Let me just take some 
information.  Give me a second to get over there; 
I'm not moving too fast these days," she grinned.

	When the receptionist stood up, Kathy gasped 
and saw what she meant.  Suzie wasn't just 
pregnant, she was huge.

	Suzie smiled again when she noticed Kathy was 
staring as the receptionist waddled up to her with 
the clipboard.  "Twins," she said pointing with 
pride to her bloated abdomen.

	Suzie asked a lot of the usual questions.  
She seemed really to perk up when she heard that 
Kathy was in the middle of her menstrual cycle.  
Some of the questions on the other hand, seemed 
unnecessarily personal and rather crudely phrased.  
Did Kathy have a regular boyfriend.  How 
frequently she "get laid?"  How many times a night 
could he "screw" her?  Did she have multiple 
orgasms each time her "did her?"  How did she 
manager when she didn't have a man to "get her 
off?"

	Even aside from the vulgar language, Kathy 
was put off by the whole interrogation.  
Everything the nurse asked seemed to be either 
prying or information that the regular 
receptionist would not have had to ask.  "Where is 
Ruth, today?" Kathy inquired letting more 
annoyance into her voice than she intended.

	"Oh, she leaves early every afternoon so she 
can nurse her new baby boy."

	Kathy was dumbfounded.  Ruth?  Ruth Pritchet 
with a baby?  Kathy knew that several years ago 
Ruth's abusive husband had run off with a younger 
woman, leaving Ruth struggling to bring up two 
teenage daughters.  The experience had left Ruth 
with a rather sour (realistic, in Kathy's opinion) 
view of men.  Ruth had never so much as mentioned 
dating.  How, in less than a year since Kathy's 
last appointment, had Ruth met (and married?) a 
man and given him a baby?  It made no sense.  The 
beatific smile of the receptionist compounded 
Kathy's dismay.  Didn't the little ditz realize 
the loss of independence that having baby 
presented to a 45 year old woman like Ruth with 
almost grown children?  No, Kathy thought, `she' 
wouldn't!  That's why she'd let some guy make her 
pregnant.

	"Kathy, `darling.'"

	Kathy was still trying to digest the news 
about Ruth as her head snapped around to see her 
friend, Emma Parks.  Kathy was in for her second 
shock.  Emma was just coming out of the doctor's 
inner office, beaming.  Well, `glowing' was the 
clich word.  Kathy hardly believed her eyes.  
Emma's tummy poked out under an almost indecently 
short maternity dress.  She looked about seven 
months gone.

	"Emma!...  You're..." Kathy stumbled over her 
words, overcome by surprise.

	"Pregnant!" her friend confirmed with a big 
silly grin.

	"Uh, congratulations," Kathy offered somewhat 
insincerely.  Emma was a woman about Kathy's own 
age whom she had known since before her friend had 
met and married Frank last year.  Kathy was leery 
of commitments herself, but had to admit that 
Frank, a gentle, funny suitor, seemed OK for Emma.  
The rising marketing executive had told her, 
however, that after the wedding Frank had turned 
out to be "kind of a Neanderthal.  He would be 
happy to keep me home, barefoot and pregnant if I 
didn't hold him off," she laughed.  Emma didn't 
plan on giving Frank any children for some time, 
however, until her career was better established.  
She was fighting her way up the ladder of a 
somewhat old-fashioned firm and she didn't want to 
"give the old bastards any excuses" not to 
recognize her ability.

	"Yes, isn't it `wonderful'?" her friend 
gushed.

	"It's kind of a surprise." Kathy replied.  "I 
thought you ..."

	"Well, yes," Emma let out an embarrassed 
giggle.  "I guess it was sort of an accident.  
[silly grimace]  Dr. Bock told me to go off the 
pill for a while and I guess Frank isn't very good 
at using condoms.  [giggle]  And with the 
testosterone pills the doctor gave me, well, I was 
just letting Frank `do it' to me all the time.  I 
guess I let him `do me' once too often." she 
shrugged, obviously not unhappy with the outcome.

	Why would a doctor recommend that Emma stop 
taking contraceptives?  And testosterone, wasn't 
that the stuff that made women...?  Stifling these 
questions Kathy settled for, "Dr. Bock?  Who's 
that?  Janet has a solo practice here, doesn't 
she?"

	"Not any more she doesn't," Emma replied with 
a mischievous sing-song.  "Dr. Bock is Janet's new 
`partner.'  And I don't blame her.  He is a 
`hunk.'"

	Kathy was getting really annoyed by Emma's 
attitude.  It reminded her too much of those 
damned magazines.  Why did she have to be so 
"giggly" and "girlish?"

	"Why would you be seeing Janet's new partner 
instead of her, anyway?"

	"Oh, Dr. Bock has been taking all Janet's 
cases for about six months now "

	"Why?  What's wrong with Janet?"

	"Absolutely nothing, darling.  She's happy as 
a kitten lapping cream.  It's just that James 
thought she should stay home and take care of 
herself until the baby arrived and now that she's 
nursing ....  That's what I'm going to do, too."

	"Baby!" Kathy exploded.  What the hell was 
going on here?  Was every female associated with 
this infernal clinic having a baby?  Kathy tried 
to regain her composure.  "I didn't even know 
Janet had a ... boyfriend.  Who is the James she's 
married?"

	"Well, they aren't exactly `married,'" Emma 
confessed, conspiratorially.  "James is just 
living with her.  And I already told you who he is 
-- Dr. Bock, James Bock."

	"When and how did all this happen?" Kathy 
asked in disbelief.

	"I don't know the whole story," Emma began, 
lowering her voice.  "James was just out of 
medical school and came her for an interview.  
Janet seems to have kind of fallen for him in a 
big way.  She let him invite her out for dinner 
the first day they met.  I hear she took him back 
to her apartment that night and I'll bet it wasn't 
to pore over Gray's Anatomy," Emma giggled.

	"They started dating and before anybody knew 
it, James was living with Janet and working here 
at the clinic.  A few weeks later, she missed her 
period.  That made Dr. Bock her partner in more 
ways than one.  -- Well, I `told' you he is a 
hunk. --  After a couple of months they decided to 
move their office to this place.  Don't you just 
`love' it?"

	This tale answered some of Kathy's questions, 
but raised a lot of new ones.  She couldn't 
understand the Janet McGuire she knew, not only 
taking up with a man ten year younger than she, 
but immediately letting him knock her up (even if 
he is a `hunk' as Emma so irritatingly asserted).  
Nor could she see Janet pulling out of her medical 
practice for an extended period to care for 
herself and a baby because "James though she 
should."

	"When is Janet coming back?" Kathy inquired.

	"OH, I don't know.  Maybe not for a while.  I 
hear she's got another one on the way."

	"Well, got to run," Emma gushed as she 
flounced off.  "Frank likes me to have his dinner 
ready for him when he gets home.  That way we can 
spend more time in bed with his you know what in 
my you know where."  Kathy was still gaping at 
this explanation when the door of the inner office 
opened.

	"Kathy, the doctor will see you now."

	Kathy was surprised to see a tall, stunning 
black woman who introduced herself as Amaka.  She 
wore a parody of a nurse's uniform.  It was short, 
barely covering her crotch and cut low in from to 
reveal large breasts.  She had large dangling 
earrings and a flashy pendant lay on her bosom.  
"Please accept our apologies for the delay, Kathy. 
I'm sure you understand, Dr. Bock has such a heavy 
work load."

	Why did everybody have to be on a first name 
basis.  She resented being called "Kathy" by 
someone she didn't know.  Its was condescending.  
"So I see," Kathy replied a bit sarcastically.  
"But I hope you realize ...".

	"Now, now, Kathy.  Don't be upset.  Dr. Bock 
will not want to see you like that.  Just slow 
down.  Take a few deep breaths.  We've done 
everything we can here to create a calm, peaceful 
atmosphere.  We've taken you far form the hustle 
and bustle of the city.  This should be a 
soothing, comforting place where you can leave 
your tensions and concerns behind you.  Please, 
forget your worries.  Just ease up a little and 
relax...  relax."

	Kathy was astounded.  Why was this striking 
woman with those beautiful chocolate breasts 
speaking to her as if she was a child, going on 
and on about being relaxed and calm?  Amazingly, 
though, it was working; she `was' starting to 
unwind as the sexy woman continued to speak.  
Amaka had such a soft yet commanding voice and 
Kathy couldn't take her eyes off of those luscious 
breasts and the pendant that was flashing...  
flashing in her eyes.  In fact, it was getting 
hard to remember just why she had ever been upset 
in the first place.  Kathy wasn't really paying 
attention to what Amaka was saying anymore.  She 
leaned back in the chair and closed her eyes.

	"Good girl, Kathy.  You are totally relaxed, 
totally at peace.  Now we are going to get you 
ready for the doctor to see you.  Here, let me 
help you off with your clothes."

	Kathy opened her eyes dreamily at the woman 
who was reaching down to unbutton her blouse.  
Instinctively, she raised her hands but Amaka 
shushed her.  "That's alright, baby.  You're a 
little out of it.  I'll do everything for you."

	It felt strange, but nice to let this sexy 
woman undress her like a little girl being put to 
bed for the night by her nanny.  Soon her blouse 
had been laid aside and her brassiere was 
unclasped and placed beside her blouse.  "You have 
lovely breasts," Amaka whispered as she fondled 
them.  Kathy was glad this hot young woman liked 
her breasts, but she didn't say anything.

	Kathy hardly knew when she stood up at 
Amaka's gentle touch to allow her skirt to be 
deftly removed, but she felt a little thrill when 
Amaka's soft hands slipped under the waistband of 
her panties and slithered the silky garment down 
to her ankles.  The dazed young lawyer was 
completely nude when she let the pretty black 
woman lead her to an examination table and lay her 
down.

	"Now just relax, Kathy.  I am going to 
examine these very pretty titties," Amaka 
explained.  Slowly, with almost feathery touches, 
she began to brush and stroke Kathy's breasts 
which immediately hardened.  Seeing the effect 
this had on the semi-conscious young woman, Amaka 
began a more decided massaging and gentle pinching 
of the protruding nipples.

	Kathy moaned with pleasure.  "Feels good, 
doesn't it baby?  I knew titties this big had to 
be super sensitive.  You like having your titties 
felt up, don't you?"  Kathy's whimpers were her 
only reply.  "The file says you have regular 
boyfriend but you haven't let him fuck you in over 
a week.  So these beauties haven't been getting 
the loving they deserve, have they"

	"Oh, no!" Kathy whimpered.

	"You know a girl like you shouldn't go so 
long without sex.  You ought to have a man in you 
every night.  You must be really horny.  I'll bet 
you're getting wet down here, aren't you girl?" 
Amaka asked as she pushed Kathy's legs apart ad 
slipped a long smooth finger into her pussy.

	"Ohhhhhhhhh!" Kathy sighed.

	"Are you ever a juicy one!  Your boyfriend 
must like you.  No trouble getting the biggest 
cock in a pussy this wet," Amaka commented as she 
slipped another and then a third fingers deep into 
Kathy's well-lubricated vagina.

	"Poor horny baby, I'll bet you really need to 
come, don't you?"  Kathy's moan might have been an 
attempt at protest, but Amaka took it as an 
affirmative.  "That's it.  Just close your eyes 
and let Amaka get you off, honey," the black woman 
cooed and pushed Kathy's legs farther apart while 
beginning to work on Kathy's pussy with more 
determination.

	"No,   Ohhhh.  Don't   Ohhhh!"

	"Don't worry, honey, it's natural to get 
turned on during these examinations.  You are just 
a healthy, sexy girl who hasn't had a good come in 
way too long.  Now you relax and let me do you.  
It's so easy to come on my fingers...  Let your 
self go, baby.  You want to come so bad...  I can 
make you feel so good, honey...  Relax...  Don't 
fight me, baby...  Let me give you want...  what 
you need...That's it, hump my hand, baby... It 
feel so good...  You're getting there.  
So...close...  NOW!"

	Amaka gave one final flick to Kathy's 
clitoris and the helpless young lawyer surrendered 
herself to an enormous orgasm that seemed to go on 
and on.  Kathy sobbed her release and gasped "Yes, 
Oh yes...  Oh yes..  Oh yes."

	"Good girl, Kathy...You had a good come...  
Now you can realty relax...  Float down gently,...  
floating,...  So relaxed...  so satisfied...  
That's it, breathe deeply now...  You came really 
hard, baby.  You re exhausted...  You need to rest 
now.  Close your eyes.  A good cum always makes a 
girl sleepy ... sooo sleepy.  Just rest.  You need 
a little nap," the smiling nurse said, her voice 
dropping to a barely audible whisper.  "You can't 
stay awake, Kathy. . . You're going to sleep,...  
sleep,...  s l e e p..."

	After observing the young woman on the table 
for a few seconds to be sure she was really out, 
Amaka reached over and hit the intercom button.  
"I've got her under, James.  Everything worked as 
you said."

	"Give her about ten minutes of the audio, 
darling.  I'll be right in," the voice replied, 
sounding slightly winded.  Amaka made a face 
imagining why attending to the plump Mrs. 
Rutherford might have James slightly out of 
breath.  Then she smiled as she slipped the 
earphones onto the lolling head of the sleeping 
young woman.  Only minutes ago Kathy had been so 
full of hard, aggressive energy.  Now she was the 
image of docile femininity

	Almost fifteen minutes went by before Dr. 
James Bock joined Amaka at the side of the 
beautiful nude woman deeply asleep on the 
examining table.  He kissed Amaka on the cheek.  
"Good job darling."

	The sexy black woman turned her body into 
his, attempting to make the kiss into something 
more.  "If it's such a good job, why no reward, 
stud?" she asked, disappointed.

	"Business before pleasure, pet," he grinned 
and pushed her away playfully.

	"Hello, Kathy.  I'm Dr. Bock.  You can look 
at me."  Kathy's eyes opened, but did not seem to 
take much in at first.  Then she focused on the 
source of that marvelous voice.  Smiling down at 
her was the yummiest man she had ever seen.  
`Hunk' was exactly the right word for him

	"I've completed my examination, Kathy, and 
you are in very good shape.  There are just a few 
things I want you to do for me.  Will you do what 
I tell you?"

	"Yes, doctor."

	"Good, now listen carefully...."

	It took only a few minutes to give Kathy the 
instructions and for her to acknowledge each one.  
"Good.  Be sure to take your pills and listen to 
the tapes every day, so you won't continue to 
suffer the kind of sexual inhibitions that have 
been troubling you."  Kathy was still lying down, 
but managed to nod her agreement although she felt 
a little confused, not having been aware of being 
troubled by her inhibitions until now.

	"Amaka tells me you became extremely aroused 
during the breast examination.  Is that right?"  
Again Kathy nodded.  "Nothing to worry about.  
It's typical of a highly sexed young woman like 
you who has not been having sufficiently frequent 
sexual intercourse.  In fact, I believe you are 
still aroused even though Amaka helped you reach 
climax already," the Dr. remarked as he slid a 
finger into Kathy's pussy.  Although Kathy had no 
memory of even having on the earphones, she had 
become wet again as the tape had taught her she 
needed much more frequent sex and made a number of 
suggestions on behavior modifications to help her 
achieve this goal.

	"Is it true that you that you have not had 
intercourse in over a week?" the doctor asked.

	Kathy nodded again, although it was hard to 
concentration anything except the doctor's hand in 
her pussy.  "That's way too long, Kathy.  A highly 
sexed girl like you should never go a full day 
without getting fucked, isn't that right?"

	"Oh, yes," Kathy agreed.

"And what happens when you don't get fucked 
for several hours?

"I get really horny," Kathy said as if 
reciting a lesson.

"And are you horny right now?" the doctor 
asked.

"Oh, yes!" Kathy moaned as the doctor 
continued to massage her twat.

	"You need to come, don't you, Kathy?"

	"Yes, YES, YESSSSSS!" she screamed as the 
smiling doctor brought her to a thunderous climax 
without stopping his manipulation of her sex.

	"That was a good one, Kathy.  You are a very 
responsive young woman.  You have a great capacity 
for pleasure.  You're going to come again, aren't 
you?"

	"Uh huh," Kathy responded barely able to 
think so intense was the pleasure flowing from 
between her legs.

	"You are a messy girl when you come, Kathy.  
Don't  you think we should stuff something up your 
cunt to keep you from leaking juice on the table 
the next time you come?"

	"Yes," Kathy agreed, barely able to think

	"What should it be, Kathy, a big cock?"

	"Oh, yes," she moaned.

	"Well, I see no reason to postpone the 
beginning of your therapy.  Would you like me to 
fuck you, Kathy?"

	"Oh, please Doctor, yes.  I need it so bad."

*****

	Dr. James Bock took the call on his cell 
phone but quickly walked into his office.  "Yes 
Paul. ...  Yes.  I just finished with her. ...  
Yeah, she's sort of out of it right now; she came 
three or four times before I gave it to her. ...  
Don't be that way!  I told you from the beginning 
that was part of the deal.  You have her from now 
on except for the checkups.  Don't be greedy ...  
It's always hard to say about those things, but 
she appears to have ovulated a few day ago.  I'd 
say you have about a better than 50-50 chance this 
time.  I just got in one shot.  You'll be able to 
keep her filled all night long ...  Yeah, I'd give 
her another half hour here, to recover, an hour to 
get home, another hour for the first pill to take 
effect.  If you call her about 7:30, she should be 
hot enough to fuck a fence post ...  No, I am not 
implying anything about your way with the ladies 
...  Just call her, Paul.  You won't be 
disappointed ...  Yeah, tell Bob Atturbury I got 
his check."

*****

	Three weeks later Kathy was back in Dr. 
Bock's charming reception area.  She had been 
waiting for the results of the test for forty five 
minutes, but she was not mad.  In fact she was 
quite entertained.  She nodded as Oprah was 
interviewing career women who had given up their 
jobs to start having babies.  Kathy leafed through 
the pages of "Total Woman" idly, reflecting on the 
dizzying sequence of events that started with that 
unexpected call from Paul Graves just after her 
last visit here.

	Kathy had accepted his invitation to dinner 
on an impulse, mainly because she had the urge for 
some male company that night.  Well, that's what 
she got!  Ten minutes after Paul arrived to pick 
her up his hand was down the front of her blouse 
and she was gasping with pleasure as he felt up 
her titties.  Before she knew it, his hands were 
in her pants, too, making her come like there was 
no tomorrow.  A heartbeat later Kathy was on her 
back with her heels in the air and Paul Graves was 
fucking her brains out.  She didn't get to eat a 
thing, but Paul did.  Most nights since she had 
spent with her legs wide apart and Paul's big cock 
pounding her pussy to delirium.

	Paul, in addition to keeping her fucked 
stupid, turned out to be a great guy.  For 
example, the way he came to her defense after she 
screwed up the Ferguson case the very first Monday 
after they started dating.  In a way, it was the 
least he could do; it was Paul's fault she arrived 
in court an hour late having had almost no sleep 
the whole weekend.  She giggled, remembering she 
had been dressed and almost out the door when Paul 
pulled her into a clinch that got her so hot she 
just had to let him give her one more quick fuck 
before she left.  

It had been Paul's idea, too, to let her work 
on cases defending guys being dunned for alimony 
and child support by vengeful ex-wives and 
spiteful girlfriends.  Those were cases where a 
foxy young woman like herself could blow into a 
courtroom in her tight mini and six inch pumps and 
really make an impression.  All that hard stuff 
about mergers and acquisitions, taxes, and sexual 
harassment was just bo-ring.

	Suzie observed Kathy with a smile.  She 
remembered the young lawyer's previous visit and 
noted the positive changes.  She never ceased to 
admire the improvement in attitude of the young 
women who came through Dr. Bock's clinic.  Like 
the others, Kathy had come the first time in one 
of those the prim, almost prissy business suits 
with a knee-length skirt.  Her makeup was subtle, 
her shoes "sensible."  Her whole demeanor had 
said, "Yes, I'm a woman, but not THAT kind of 
woman."  Her head had been stuffed full of 
business, her career, plans for the future -- 
everything except what soon would be stuffed 
between her legs.

	Now Suzie could see the difference.  In place 
of the suit jacket was a frilly blouse that 
showcased plenty of Kathy's ample breasts.  The 
fidgety woman could do little and did less to 
prevent her red mini-skirt from riding an obscene 
distance up her thigh.  Suzie couldn't see, but 
she would wager Kathy wasn't wearing panties.  It 
wasn't hard to guess the reason.  Plain as day 
there was a new man in Kathy's life, a man who was 
giving Kathy the sex she needed and in return 
expected her to dress to please him.  There was 
little doubt where Kathy's priorities lay now.

	"Dealing With the Wife," Kathy read.  This 
magazine had the most useful articles!  Yes, Betty 
Graves was going to be a problem when Paul finally 
told her.  She was probably a very nice person and 
was a good mother to Paul's five children, but she 
was just not woman enough for Paul, Kathy 
reflected.  Betty had put on a few pounds over the 
years, although from her pictures she still seemed 
quite attractive for a woman in her 40's.  But 
especially now that she was pregnant again, Betty 
just didn't have the libido to keep up with a man 
of Paul's stamina.  Paul had told Kathy that even 
before he got Betty pregnant again, she would only 
make love two or three times a week and never more 
than once a night.  Silly woman!  This had to have 
been torture for Paul who could give a woman so 
much.  Kathy smiled and felt a slight wetness 
between her legs as she remembered the "noontimer" 
Paul had given her in his office bent over his 
desk just a few hours ago.

	"Come on in, Kathy," said the smiling Amaka, 
ushering her into the now familiar office.  "Let 
me get a look at you, girl.  Uu...Ie!  You are 
fine!  What's up?  Got a new boyfriend?"

	"Well, yes," Kathy giggled.  "How did you 
guess."

	"Because you are looking too GOOD.  Turn that 
little butt around and let me get a good eyeful."  
Kathy happily complied with a little pirouette  
"Oh, yeah!  You are HOT!"  Amaka exclaimed, 
patting her on the ass.  "Older guy?"

	"Right again!  How did you know?"

	"The clothes.  Only kids will put up with 
business frump.  Older guys demand the hot look -- 
the spike heals, the mini, the large earrings.  
I'll bet you've got him giving it to you good!"

	"Can't complain."  Kathy agreed, smugly.

	"Just between us girls, how often?  Every 
night?" Amaka winked.

	"More," said Kathy with a satisfied smile.

	"Twice?" Amaka asked, her eyes widening.

	"More!"

	"Three times?  Get outta here!" Amaka 
exploded incredulously.

	"On `slow' days," Kathy announced 
triumphantly.

	"Attaway to go, girl!" exclaimed Amaka in 
awe.  "Fuck him good, but if you really want your 
hooks in him, let him get you pregnant.  Take it 
from me!"

	"You mean...?"  Kathy looked again at the 
black woman and noticed a definite bulge in that 
formerly hard flat tummy.

	"Whose is it?" she inquired.

	"Let's just say, it's someone you know," 
Amaka replied mysteriously.  "Oh well, down to 
business.  Let's get you relaxed."

	"Why this time.  I'm not nervous now."

	"Doctor's orders," said Amaka at once 
serious.

"I really don't think ."

"Now just look at this," Amaka said, holding 
up the pendant Kathy remembered from before.  
Suddenly Kathy felt strange, disoriented.  Meekly, 
she gazed at the beautiful, flashing stone as 
Amaka watched her eyes quickly glaze over.

	"Good girl, Kathy.  Now let's get you ready 
for the doctor."  Without asking, Amaka began to 
unbutton Kathy's blouse and quickly removed her 
bra.  "Such beautiful tits," she whispered as she 
softly stroked one and then the other.

*****

	Fifteen minutes later Kathy was coming down 
from an incredible roller-coaster orgasm and 
starting to climb again when she felt Amaka 
suddenly pull her mouth away from her overflowing 
pussy.

	"How is she, darling?" Kathy heard a male 
voice ask.

	"Almost under.  I prepped her."

	"So I see," he grinned.  "Kathy?"

	"Huh?" Kathy managed to respond. She 
recognized Dr. Bock's voice.  God!  That last come 
had knocked her for a loop.

	"Do you know who I am?"

	"Uh huh" she nodded.

	"Good.  Now you must relax and listen very 
carefully.  Remember I am your doctor and I have 
some very good news for  you.  It is very 
important that you follow all my orders.  You'll 
do that, right?"

	"Yes,...  Follow all orders"

	Now answer truthfully.  Have you been 
listening to the tapes and taking the pills I gave 
you every day?"

	"Yes, doctor, every day."

	"Good.  And do you have a new boyfriend?"

	"Uh huh,"

	"And he's been fucking you, right?"

	"Oh, yeah!," Kathy sighed with more 
enthusiasm.

	"Good girl.  As I told you, the pills help 
you stay nice and horny so you would enjoy sex 
more.  Have you been enjoying getting laid by your 
new boyfriend?"

	"Oh, yes.  He's been great."

	"I'm sure he has been.  And have you been 
taking any contraceptives?"

	Contraceptives?  Kathy couldn't remember the 
last time she had taken her contraceptives.  "No.  
I haven't been taking my birth control pills," she 
admitted.

"Nothing to worry about.  What about your 
diaphragm?"

	No, I don't use it anymore."  Kathy had a 
vague idea she had thrown it away.  This troubled 
her somewhat, although she didn't quite know why..

	"I didn't think so.  And you haven't been 
making your new boyfriend use a condom when he 
fucks you either, right?"

	"Uh, no, he doesn't like them."

	"I'm not surprised.  Few men do -- women 
either for that matter.  Now Kathy, I want you to 
relax and try to remember something that may have 
slipped your mind since you were here last.  Do 
you know what happens to healthy girls who get 
fucked regularly without any protection?"

	Panic suddenly struck Kathy.  The doctor felt 
her stiffen.  "It's alright Kathy, relax, don't 
worry about anything."

	Dr. Bock's command immediately calmed her and 
she was able to answer. "They get preg ...  Do you 
mean I am ...?"

	"That's right, Kathy.  You're going to have a 
baby!"

	"But...  but...?"

	"It's OK, Kathy.  Nothing wrong with being 
single and pregnant.  Many of my patients your age 
are deciding it's time to start having babies.  
You must just remember that it was your choice.  
You decided not to use your contraceptives when 
you had sex and you never asked your boyfriend to 
use protection.  He's a married man, right?"

	"Yes," Kathy admitted.

	"That could be a problem.  It might even 
appear that you were trying to get pregnant so he 
would leave his wife and marry you.  You're not a 
homewreaker, are you Kathy?"

	"No, no.  I didn't think that!"

	"I believe you, Kathy.  But he may think that 
you were trying to trap him.  He may be upset.  
You have to make sure he knows `you' decided to 
have this baby."

	"How?"

	"Tell him it wasn't his fault and that you're 
not interested in marriage.  You realize he would 
never leave his wife for you.  Apologize for 
`using' him to get you pregnant.  Assure him that 
you will never ask him for money or even ask him 
to acknowledge paternity.  If he wants you to sign 
something, do so."

	"OK," Kathy acknowledged.

Of course, keep screwing him if he wants, but 
you'll understand if he goes back to his wife.  
After this baby is born, he may not be around.  
You'll need to find someone else to make you 
pregnant next time.  You'd like to have many 
children, wouldn't you?"

	"Oh, yes, doctor."

	"That's right, Kathy.  In fact, you love 
being pregnant.  As your belly gets bigger and 
bigger those marvelous breast of yours fill out 
even more, you are gong to be hornier than ever.  
You may need more that just one man to keep you 
satisfied.  Bob Atturbury is really sexy, isn't 
he?"

	"Yes doctor."

*****
	Ellen Parker was mad as hell.  She had been 
sitting in this gynecologist's office for FORTY 
FIVE minutes waiting for her 4:30 appointment.  
Now she wouldn't be able to get back to the 
investment bank to finish her presentation on the 
MCI-WorldCom merger due for next week's board 
meeting.  She couldn't believe that a doctor  
recommended by her friend Kathy Black could do 
this to her.  Especially now that she had made 
Junior Partner, her time was valuable.  This delay 
was costing her close to $1500.  And the decor!  
And the music!  And these disgusting magazines!  
What kind of a place was this, anyway?

	"Ellen, `darling.'"

	Ellen looked up in shock at her friend.  
Kathy had the rounded belly of a woman about six 
months pregnant.  Ellen was still stunned a few 
minutes later when Kathy broke off the 
conversation saying she had to hurry home to get 
dinner ready because `Paul' was coming over.  
Would that be Paul Graves, the notorious womanizer 
from her office that Kathy had often ranted about?  
No, couldn't be.

	"Ellen, the doctor will see you now," 
announced a tall black woman with a very large 
belly.

*****

	Kathy Black was mad as hell.  She had been 
sitting in this damn office for FORTY FIVE minutes 
waiting for the 4:30 appointment with her case 
worker.  Juggling as many things as she had to, 
her time was valuable.  Fortunately, Niki her 
friend from the housing project would pick up 
Pauline and Carlitos from day care, but Malcolm 
had said he might come around tonight.  He didn't 
like it when she didn't have his supper ready.  
She still had to go to the store to buy some 
turnip greens, in case.

	Chen and Chan were squirming beside her as 
only four year old twins can.  Kathy had separated 
them but they continued to tease each other, their 
slanty almond eyes alive with boyish mischief.

	Malcolm Jr. started to fuss so she hefted him 
onto her broad lap and offered him one of her 
milk-filled breasts.  At eighteen months, he was 
getting almost too big to nurse, but he seemed to 
enjoy sucking on her nipples.  `Just like his 
Daddy,' Kathy thought.  A jolt of pleasure shot 
through her as the infant's thick chocolate lips 
fastened onto her engorged nipple.  "`Exactly' 
like his Daddy," she groaned.

	Having her tits suckled always got Kathy hot.  
She struggled against the urge to reach down and 
finger herself to the orgasm she needed pretty 
bad.  The last time she did that here, the social 
worker had caught her and screamed at her that she 
was just an oversexed slut.  Funny, that was 
exactly what Malcolm said about her.  It was what 
kept him coming back to her, Kathy knew, even 
though he had plenty of younger girlfriends.  God!  
She hoped Malcolm did come tonight.  Kathy hadn't 
had his black python in her for almost a week and 
she was getting so horny she was going out of her 
mind.

	Greedy Malcolm Jr. had nearly drained one of 
Kathy's breasts so she shifted him to the other, 
resting him on her protruding belly where his next 
little brother or sister was growing rapidly.

The End

Comments welcome at
the_story_writer@yahoo.com
______________________________________________________
Its okay to *READ* stories about unprotected sex with
strangers. But it isnt okay to *HAVE* unprotected sex
with strangers!!  You only have one body per lifetime,
so take good care of it.