
                         More Fun in the Park


       --------------------------------------------------------
       This work is copyrighted to the author 2008.  Please
       don't remove the author information or make any changes
       to this story.  You may not repost this without the
       expressed permission of the author.

       Thank you for your consideration.
       --------------------------------------------------------

More Fun in the Park (m/f+,exh,oral,cons)
by Harry Perry (harryperry55@gmail.com)

                                 ***

This is part 3 of my first sharing adventure with Jenny.  Part 1 is
Jenny's Slumber Party, and Part 2 is At the Park.

                                 ***



"Come on, let's clean you up," Jenny said to me, taking my hand and
pulling me to a standing position.

We all headed over to the fountain where we were going to use the
water.  It was still warm outside, even at that hour, and the water
felt about room temperature.  The main pool of the fountain was round
and about twenty feet in diameter.  In the center was this modern art
kind of sculpture that looked like a bunch of giant blocks with
shallow bowls carved in them.  Water was pumped from the main pool of
water to jets in each of the shallow bowls and spurted into the air.
Each jet generated a different pattern of spray.  The water came down
and filled the shallow bowl from which it came.  As each bowl filled,
it emptied into the bowl below it, the lowest being about three feet
above the main pool.  The lowest of the shallow bowls poured a wide
curtain of water into the main pool.  The bowls had these abstract
figures that looked like men and women standing on and around them.
The figures were stretched out of proportion so their limbs were long
and skinny.

Jenny and I got into the main pool, and she pulled me over to the
curtain of water.  The other girls sat on the side of the pool and
watched as Jenny washed the cum off of my cock.

"I think we've had enough fun with this," she said as she gently
removed the fishnet sheath that covered by cock.  "I think we can set
it free now."

Her manipulations cleaning my cock and removing the sock felt good,
and I started to get hard again even though I knew I wasn't going to
be ready for an orgasm for a while.  This was obviously her purpose
since her cleaning turned to stroking as she felt my limp appendage
thicken in her hands.  My feelings welled up inside me, and I pulled
her head to mine and started kissing her deeply.

Suddenly, we heard a noise.  All five of us froze and listened to see
if it was someone coming.  Then we heard it again.  It sounded like a
man and a woman walking along the path that crossed the park.  They
were going to walk right by the fountain.  Also, they were close
enough already that they would hear Jenny and me if we splashed
through the water to try to get out.

"Shit, what are we going to do?" I thought out-loud in a whisper.

The girls on the edge of the fountain leaped up and scattered in
directions opposite to the noise to hide behind some of the giant
bushes that were around the fountain area.  Jenny and I looked at each
other trying to decide what to do.

As we stood there petrified, we heard the couple coming closer and
closer.  Then, I noticed the voices sounded really slurred and
unintelligible.  Besides, it was taking a lot longer than I expected
for them to get to the fountain.  The couple must have just left some
bar and were walking home, obviously completely smashed.  I had an
idea.

I put my index finger to my mouth to tell Jenny to keep quiet.  Then,
I climbed up on the pedestal on which one of the sculptures was
mounted and pulled Jenny to my side.  I maneuvered her into a really
sexy position where she was sitting on the edge of the bottom bowl of
water with her legs hanging over.  The curtain of water flowed under
her ass and down around her legs.  She picked up on my plan
immediately and scrunched up to the very edge so her ass barely rested
on the platform.  She looked up at me with an evil grin and then
spread her legs, exposing her pussy completely.  If it were light out
or even a full moon, anybody standing in front of the fountain would
not need to use their imagination at all because she was displaying it
all.  In the dark, though, she might look like a statue.

I stood up behind her with my legs parted to form an arch over her
head.  I pulled her arms up and held them at the elbows, one in each
hand.  She then took my elbows in her hands, and we froze in that
position.  I looked down at her naked body below me, completely
exposed to anyone passing, and she looked up at me, also completely
exposed.  My cock stood at about half mast between us and was growing.
"God!" I thought, "this is the riskiest thing I've ever done!"

Just at that moment, the couple rounded the corner and walked over to
where they could look at the fountain.  My cock was standing almost
straight out by then as I watched the two walk slowly by the fountain.
They were having a great deal of trouble walking a straight line.  He
had his arm over her shoulder and was using her as support.  It didn't
appear as though she was much help, being as inebriated as he.  They
were both concentrating real hard on the ground in front of them.  I
was so disappointed that they wouldn't even notice us but, I also felt
a little relief.

Jenny and I tried to breath really slow so that they wouldn't hear us
and they wouldn't see our chests expanding and contracting.  I
couldn't believe how exposed we both were in front of these two total
strangers, and they didn't even notice.

The next thing I knew, the couple sat down on the edge of the fountain
in front of us.  "Oh, no!" I thought, "what if they pass out right
there?"  Jenny must have seen the look on my face and smiled while
rolling her eyes.  The man started kissing the woman, and they were
deep in embrace for what seemed like a few minutes.  I couldn't really
see what was going on because it was hard for me to look up enough
without moving my head, but it seemed like he was copping a feel while
they sat there.

"Hey, stop that!" she said to him.  "Someone might see!"

"Who?" he shot back.  "There's no one out here but the two of us."

"What's come over you?" she asked.  "Can't you wait until we get home?
You've never been this bold before!"

"I don't know," he said.  "For some reason, I am really turned on
tonight.  It must be that you look especially sexy tonight."  Then,
after a little hesitation, "Of course there is also something about
that statue that really turns me on, too."

The woman turned to look at us and said, "Gee, I don't remember it
being that realistic.  I must be really drunk or we are looking at it
from a different angle or something.  It's really good, though."

"I know what you mean," he added.  "I remember it being kind of
abstract.  It sure looks sexy tonight, though.  It must be because of
my feelings for you."

"Oh, honey," she turned back to him for another kiss.  Then, after a
couple more seconds, she whispered, "let's go home and fool around."

"Okay, but first..." he stood up in front of her, "...let me get a
picture of you in front of the fountain.  I want to try and remember
this evening forever."

"But won't it be too dark?"

"I've got a flash," he said.  Then he added, "It should be able to
pick up you, but I'm not sure about the statue."

She giggled and said, "Wait a second."

I couldn't see what she was doing, but suddenly I heard her splashing
in the water.  She walked up to stand just in front of Jenny's legs
and then turned toward her friend.  There was a flash as he took her
picture and then darkness again.  Jenny showed me her teeth, like she
was mad at me for getting her into this position.  Then there was
another flash, and I looked up with my eyes and noticed the woman had
opened her blouse and was exposing herself to her friend.  I could
just barely see her breasts as I looked down on her, and I must say,
they looked pretty nice for an older woman.

"There," the woman said, "now you got me AND the fountain."

As the woman made her way back out of the fountain, I became aware
that my cock had softened a bit, though it wasn't completely flaccid.
I wondered if the people would notice, since it was hard and standing
up when they had first arrived.

After the woman got out of the water, we couldn't hear any more, but
we didn't dare move.  We remained frozen, wondering how we would know
if they were gone.  My cock started to rise again as I thought of what
had just happened.  I figured they wouldn't know who they had gotten a
picture of since we weren't really facing them, but then I wondered.
Once they were sober, would they recognize us from the photographs?

When my cock was completely hard again, I heard the splashing of water
and thought, "Oh, no!  Not again."  Then I thought, "God, what if they
figured it out and are coming back for a closer look or something."
My thoughts started turning to panic when I noticed Mindy standing
below us between Jenny's legs.

"Okay, you two," she said, staring at Jenny's open pussy, "you can
relax now."  Then, looking up at my cock, she added, "Uhm, I don't
mean relax.  Uhm... you can move now."

Hearing her voice, Jenny looked down, and we let go of each other's
arms.  Jenny and I stayed in our positions while we stretched our
muscles, which were a little sore.

"Wow, Jenny," she said after looking into her gaping pussy again,
"this is a view a lot of guys would kill for!"  She looked up to
Jenny's face and smiled.

"Oh, stop it!" Jenny said without budging.  Mindy let her eyes take in
more of my honey's open cunt, and Jenny pretended not to notice.  I
knew she was enjoying exhibiting herself to her friend.

"I can't believe you two!" Judy said from the edge of the pool.

"I can't either," Jenny said to me as we got up and walked through the
fountain.  "Whoever that was got a picture of my pussy, horny and
spread wide open."

"Geez," I said, "and I know how big your lips get when you're horny.
They must'a got one hell of a shot!"

When we reached the side of the pool, Judy ran up to us and said, "Do
you know who those two were?  That was the principal and Ms. Nelson."

"And they got a picture of you both, naked!" Maria reminded us.
"They're going to recognize you when they develop the film for sure!"

"Not only that," Judy continued, "Ms. Nelson flashed him her tits.
Can you believe that!"

We all laughed and talked about it for a few minutes.  We had known
they were dating, but we were pretty shocked to find out this about
them.

"They won't dare say anything," I pointed out.  "If they do, they'll
have to admit to getting drunk and her exposing herself to him.  They
won't do that."

"Yeah," Mindy agreed, "but now she'll have a picture of both of you
naked in her scrapbook."  She giggled as she flicked my hard-on, "I'm
jealous, too, 'cause it was even hard."  All the girls giggled as we
walked toward the playground.

"I must say, though," I commented as we walked, "Ms. Nelson has some
pretty fine tits for a woman her age."

"She did, didn't she?" Maria agreed.

I should mention here, neither Ms. Nelson nor the principle ever said
anything to us.  The first time I saw Ms. Nelson after this little
episode, she looked me in the eye for a few seconds and then would
never look at me again.  Obviously, she recognized us but hoped
nothing would ever be said, either way.  I never had any problem
getting an A from her, though.

"I've gotta pee," I announced to the girls, figuring I'd head off to a
tree or something.

"Oh, boy!" Mindy giggled.  "Can I watch?"

"Well... uh..." I tried to get out of it.

"Yeah, me, too!"

"And me!"

I couldn't believe that they all wanted to watch.  How was I going to
pee with four great looking naked babes watching?  It was difficult
enough when I thought one person was watching, but I really had to go.

"I don't know if I can," I told them.  "It's hard to go when someone
is watching and even harder when I've got a hard-on.  With you girls
watching, I don't think I can get soft."

The girls all started to pout and complained about how they didn't
have a problem.  "Oh, well," I thought, "I'll give it a try."  I
started walking over to a tree.

"Hey, I've got an idea," Judy said.  "Come with me."

She grabbed my hand and pulled me over to where the path went around a
corner and stood over a small round drain that was in the pavement.

"Here," she said, "pee in there."

I stood in front of the drain and held my semi-hard cock between my
fingers.  I thought about peeing and listened to the water in the
fountain.  The girls all discussing it and pushing me to hurry up
didn't help; I had to block them out of my mind.

Finally, the urge became too great, and it started to flow very
slowly.  Once started, I knew it wouldn't stop, so I opened my eyes.
I noticed Judy was watching with such interest, I just couldn't hold
back.

"Here, would you like to hold it?" I offered, pushing my hips toward
her.

"Yeah!  Can I?"

Judy stepped up behind me and put one arm around my waist and leaned
on my hip.  She rested her cheek on my arm as she reached with her
other hand around and took my cock.  She started aiming it around and
pointing it at different holes in the drain.  It felt really strange
having her hold me like this.  It was kind of sexy, but peeing kept me
from getting hard.

I put my arm around her and let her rest her head on my chest.  Her
full breasts were pressed against my back, and I could feel her hard
nipples slide across my skin each time she moved.

"Can I hold it?" came a small voice from Maria.

"Okay, here."  Judy let go and stepped away, allowing Maria to take
her place.  I could feel Maria's long blond ringlets gently caress my
chest and stomach as I put my arm over her shoulders.  Then she took
my cock in between her thumb and index finger and pointed it around
like Judy had.  She didn't have it for long before I was all done,
though.  Maria started shaking it and little droplets of pee flew
everywhere.

"Ewww," the girls all squealed as they jumped to avoid the flying
liquid.

As soon as Maria was done, she announced, "Now I've gotta go."  Then
she said to me with a big grin, "Wanna watch?"

"Sure," I said grinning back.

Maria stepped over the drain and spread her legs.  I squatted in front
of her so that I could see her fine little pussy close up.  From a
distance, she looked almost bald, but now that I was looking at it
closely, I could see her hair was just real sparse.  Maria reached
between her legs with both hands and spread her pussy lips apart.  A
stream of yellow pee sprayed out at a slight angle in front of her and
splattered on the drain.  Maria pulled on her pussy and adjusted the
stream a little, trying to hit me with it.  She didn't have much
control, and I jumped out of the way just in case.  Her pee was less
of a stream than a spray, and it kind of landed all over the place.
In just a few seconds, she was through.  She shook herself and jiggled
her pussy a little to try and get all the drops off.

"So, what'd you think?" Maria asked.  "Not as much fun as your hose,
but it gets the job done."

"Hey," Mindy now wanted some attention, "now it's my turn."  She
walked up to my side, grabbed my arm and hung from it.  "I'll even let
you aim it, if you want."  She stepped over the drain and held her
little skirt up, exposing her dark pussy hair.  She tried to figure
out a way to get the skirt to stay up but couldn't seem to manage it.
Finally, she just gave up and dropped her skirt on the ground and
kicked it out of the way.  She followed it with her top and then she
put herself back into position and motioned for me to come over.

I stepped beside her as she spread her legs and squatted about halfway
down.  Then she guided my hand down to her muff, and I slid my fingers
through her dark hair.  With my hand flat against her pelvis, my
fingers straddled her crack.  She placed her hand on top of mine and
directed my middle finger between her pussy lips so it was in a
position to direct her flow.

"Now don't squeeze my lips together, or I won't be able to pee," she
instructed me.

I spread my fingers apart, opening her lips at the same time.  A spray
of pee started to flow just below my middle finger.  It was real
strange for me because I'm so used to having a hose that I can direct.
Even though Mindy's stream was more of a stream than Maria's, it still
was messier than what I'm used to.  I tried pulling on her pussy and
pushing it, but I only succeeded in making the pee squirt more
erratically and get my hand all wet.  Moving my middle finger did the
most good, but was also not as useful as my tool.

It still was kind of fun to play with her like that while she was
urinating.  I'm not normally a "golden showers" kind of guy, but
touching and controlling a great looking girl's pee like I was turned
out to be a real turn on.  I could feel her clit was still quite hard
under my middle finger as I shot her pee all over the place.

She finally finished and had to shake her legs to get some of the pee
off that I had splattered around.  I shook my hand off, too, and we
all decided it was time to go over to the fountain and wash off again.
At least Maria, Mindy and I needed to rinse off.

Since I was such a slob with Mindy, I rinsed my hands and then had
Mindy sit in the bottom bowl where Jenny had been earlier while I
washed her off.  I had her sit real close to the edge, like Jenny had,
so her pussy hung over it.  The other girls jumped in the fountain in
front of us and splashed water at each other while I splashed water on
Mindy's fine little brown muff and then rubbed my hands through the
hair.  I made a point of letting my fingers slide between her pussy
lips so I could feel her clitoris.  It was still hard as a rock, and I
made a point of squeezing it between my fingers.  It completely
surprised me when she started cumming again so quickly.  She had to be
the horniest little bitch I ever knew.  It took so little to get her
off, and she had no problem (almost enjoyed) having her orgasms in
front of all of her friends.  I was standing next to her so her body
was facing the other girls while I continued to manipulate her little
clit.  The other girls stopped their play to watch Mindy as she
squirmed and jerked through another climax.  She raised her hips up,
further exposing her pussy to her friends who watched with all their
attention.

Finally, she pushed my hand away, and she plopped her butt back into
the bowl.  I looked at the girls standing in front of us and noticed
that they were all rubbing their own pussies.  Apparently, they got
super turned on watching their friend go through her orgasm.

"Shit, I wish I could cum as easily as she does," Maria said to
herself out-loud.  Then, seeing that I was done with Mindy, Maria
splashed her way over to me and made a point of kicking water at me.
I knew she was so horny she was about to burst and she wanted me to
take care of it.  She was the only one who still had clothes on, even
though they didn't cover much.  Her tits were still covered by the
sheer black material stretched across her chest, and her legs still
had the black lace stockings covering them.  This left the rest of her
body exposed.  Her light tan looked white compared to the parts that
were covered in black, and the way the material was stretched along
her slender form made her look longer and leaner than normal.

I didn't want to play anymore, I just wanted to fuck her, so I just
attacked her through her splashing and pulled her over to the
sculpture.  Mindy was down splashing around with the other girls and
so I lifted Maria up on the lower pedestal.  I climbed up with her and
positioned her along a flat side and then lay down on top of her.  Our
mouths came together, and our tongues flashed in and out of each
other's mouths.  After bringing Mindy to climax, my cock was already
nice and hard and ready to enter Maria, but I wanted to play with her
a little more first.  I squirmed on top of Maria, feeling her small
but firm breasts against my chest and her smooth belly against mine.
I felt her hand grope around until it found my raging member and grab
a hold of it.

"I think it is time for you to have an orgasm," I whispered into her
ear.

"Oh, God!" she whispered back, "please make me cum!"

I pulled my lips away from hers and passionately kissed her face, neck
and chest.  Then I squirmed lower, kissing her breasts through the
thin black material and biting at the nipples.

As I moved down her body, Maria's moaning became louder and louder
until Jenny came over to remind her to be quiet.  Maria tried to moan
in a whisper but soon increased her volume again, obviously forgetting
where we were.

"She must be a screamer," Mindy told Jenny as the other girls circled
us to watch.

Jenny continued to try and quiet Maria but with little results.  Mindy
pointed out that she needed to muffle her or else it would raise the
dead.  Shit, we couldn't afford to have the cops called.

As my kissing dropped to Maria's bellybutton and my fingers caressed
her sides, hips and legs, Jenny climbed up onto the pedestal next to
Maria.  I continued kissing all the exposed skin I could find, and
Jenny started caressing Maria's face, trying to calm her down.  When I
started licking Maria's inner thigh, outlining the top of her
stockings and pushing her swollen lips with the tip of my tongue,
Jenny decided to muffle Maria by putting her own mouth over Maria's.
I realized, as I ran my tongue lightly up the soft pink slit, that
Jenny was now kissing Maria like she kissed me.  Maria seemed to be
getting into it, too, and wrapped her arms around Jenny, crushing
Jenny's long blond hair into the curve of her neck.

By this time, Mindy and Judy had climbed up onto the pedestal with us
and sat by Maria's side opposite Jenny.  Again, Judy surprised me by
hesitantly reaching out and caressing Maria's bare stomach as I
covered her love lips with my mouth and slid my tongue up and down
between them.  I looked across Maria's bulging and practically
hairless pelvis to watch Judy's finger tips outline the straining
muscles in her friend's stomach.

Maria pushed Jenny away and through her breathless pant whispered,
"Please, ... I ... want him ... in me ... when ... I cum ...."

Hearing this, I said, "Here, let's get in a position where everyone
can enjoy it."  Then, I pulled myself away from her sweet honey pot
and lay down on my back.  Maria knew right away what to do by standing
up and straddled my hips.  The other girls helped her stand and
positioned her so that her back was toward me as she squatted over my
raging tool.  Jenny stepped between my legs, crouched down and held my
cock up as Maria lowered herself.  Judy and Mindy stood on either side
of her and held Maria by her arms to steady her.

I didn't notice it before, but while I was sucking Maria's sweet
juices, someone had removed her top so that all she was wearing now
was the black lace stockings.  Her tits were covered from me by her
long wavy blond hair during the few seconds when she stood and stepped
over my hips, and now I couldn't see them because her back was toward
me.

Jenny managed to stroke my cock a few times while holding it vertical
for Maria's waiting pussy.  As the hot tunnel of my desires descended
onto my throbbing red crown, Jenny started running the tips of her
fingers around Maria's inner thighs, lightly caressing her soft skin
and feeling the heat of her passion.  Then, as Maria's love lips
touched the tip of my raging tool, Jenny used her free hand to open
Maria and find her vagina entrance so she could aim my cock correctly.
I felt the tip of my cock as it was scraped across Maria's swollen
lips and positioned, and then I felt the heat of her vagina as it
slowly engulfed my throbbing manhood.  Jenny maintained her grasp on
the base of my shaft and followed Maria's movement down its rigidity.

I watched Mindy and Judy run their fingers over Maria's torso as Maria
slid up and down my shaft.  They seemed to be totally infatuated with
her tits, and each concentrated on the one closest to them.  Maria
leaned back on her arms and rested her soft round ass on my hips as I
rocked my pelvis to push my cock in and out of her.  Mindy and Judy
took advantage of Maria's new position to start licking and sucking
her nipples while running their fingers over the rest of her torso.

Maria was getting real close, and her increased moaning gave her away.
Mindy immediately put a lip lock on Maria, and the two of them kissed
like Jenny had done earlier.

As I felt Maria's long hair flow over my chest and neck, I realized
Jenny was licking at Maria's pussy.  Suddenly, Maria started screaming
through Mindy's kiss, and her hips jerked up, releasing my cock from
its warm sheath.  Jenny immediately grabbed my cock and put it back in
without removing her mouth from Maria's clit.  Maria dropped down on
my pelvis with a thud, raised herself back up to a sitting position
and started jerking her hips forward and back on my cock with quick,
determined movements.  She bent her pelvis under her so that her
clitoris rubbed against the underside of my cock, and Jenny had to
pull away.  My wonderful girlfriend just caressed my balls and Maria's
lower belly with her finger tips as we all watched the sexy girl
climax.  Mindy and Judy had pulled away, too, but were playing with
themselves as they watched Maria convulse through her massive orgasm.
Maria's moans had turned into staccato screams as each wave of her
climax shot through her.

I felt my own climax about to happen just as Maria stopped her
grinding on my cock.  I was disappointed her orgasm didn't last just a
few seconds longer, but then, as Maria leaned forward and rested
herself on my raised thighs with my cock still hard inside her, I
thought it would be better to hold my second orgasm a little longer
because I was really enjoying the attention the girls were giving it.
Mindy and Judy continued to masturbate themselves as they also ran
their fingers over Maria's back and my chest.

"Shit!" Mindy whispered.  "What an orgasm!"

"If her screaming didn't wake the neighbors, nothing will!" Judy
exclaimed as she looked around.

"Right now," Mindy admitted, "I don't care if she did.  As a matter of
fact, I'm so horny, I'd be willing to take every guy who would have
me!"

"Mindy!!" Judy scolded.  "You feel that way all the time!"

"Maybe," Mindy replied, "but right now, I could take them all at
once!"

"Well ...," Judy said under her breath, "I suppose I could handle a
few right now myself."

"Oh!  Imagine it!" Mindy rambled, "a dozen guys standing in a circle
around me.  Each one with a flaming hard-on.  Each one pumping his
cock while they looked at my naked body.  Each one erupting their hot
white cum and shooting it at me.  Oh!  The thought of it!  Being
covered in cum!  Swimming in it...."

"I can't stand it!" Jenny finally lost it.  "You have to get me off!"
she demanded as she leaped to her feet and squatted over my face.  She
dropped to her knees and lowered her sopping wet pussy onto my mouth.
I immediately went to work licking and sucking her bright red lips.  I
don't think I ever remember her lips being so swollen or her pussy
being so wet.  She had always been a real horn-dog, but we were really
driving her crazy that night.

Maria seemed to be in a trance as she removed herself from my pole.
She raised herself up, pushed my knees apart and then lowered herself
down to sit between my legs facing Jenny as she squatted over my face.
Sitting Indian style, she stared at my hard cock and lifted it off of
my abdomen.  While holding it in the flat of one hand, she stroked the
underside with the other like it was a pet or something.  She seemed
to enjoy feeling my cock's firmness in her hand and caressing the soft
and smooth skin.  As her daze lifted, she became more and more
vigorous, and I knew I wasn't going to last long.

Looking up through Jenny's thin brown bush, I watched as Mindy and
Judy caressed and sucked Jenny's tits.  I could see that Jenny was in
heaven.  She leaned back as I dug my tongue deep into her vagina,
licking in circles and pulling the juice from inside her.  Mindy
immediately took advantage of Jenny's new position and let her fingers
glide down Jenny's stomach and into her muff.  I watched as Mindy's
curious fingers found the top of Jenny's slit and discovered her hard
clitoris.  Immediately, Jenny started moaning, and her hips started to
jerk as Mindy squeezed and twisted the little nub.  In seconds,
Jenny's orgasm overcame her, and her cum oozed out of her vagina and
onto my tongue.  I swallowed as much as I could, but it came too thick
and fast, and much of it ran down my cheeks and chin.

Just as Jenny's fluids started to subside, Maria's attention to my
cock met its obvious conclusion.  She, even with her seeming lack of
experience in such matters, apparently could sense the eminent end.

"I'm just dying to watch this thing explode!" Maria said as her
stroking became faster and more focused.  She was using both hands at
this point and switched from pumping to rolling it between the flat of
her hands like children roll clay to make a snake.  I let out a couple
of grunts, which caused Mindy and Judy to turn their attention to
Maria's efforts.  They were just in time to see my first wad shoot
from the end of my raging spigot high into the air.

"Jesus Christ!" Judy ejaculated.  "Look at him shoot!"

Maria now gripped my cock in two fists and pumped as I continued to
squirt sperm into the air.  I could feel her fists, one on top of the
other, as they slid up and down my shaft.  Each ejaculation seemed to
build in my balls and blow out the end of my cock again and again.

"Fuck!" Mindy gasped.  "I've never seen it shoot that high!"

"I've never seen anyone shoot so much!" Judy added.

Maria's pumping finally slowed as she saw my loads decrease in
intensity and just ooze out of the tip.  Her hands loosened to a
caress as she lowered her mouth onto the head of my cock and, using
just the tip of her tongue, licked the drops that trickled out.  She
used her thumb on the underside of my cock to press the cum up and out
the tip for her tongue to rescue.  Oh how wonderful I felt.  What a
night this had turned into.

