                         DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES PART 2
                                                   By Black Heart

	The next morning Sandi was having toast and coffee at the kitchen table. It was just after 8 am and she was wondering how  to approach her son about the movie idea when she heard some noises coming from the upstairs.  Seconds later there were the sounds of feet hitting stair steps and her son Ryan rushed into the kitchen.  He went immediately to the fridge and pulled out a jug of orange juice.  As he was pouring into a glass, his mother studied him closely.
	He is a tall, slender lad of 16 who already stands about five foot eight inches. Which is a shade taller than her.  His hair is cut short and his face  clean cut except for a few traces of teenage acne.
Thank God he has no tattoos or strange rings hanging out of  his nose and lips, Sandi thought.
	 He is dressed in his usual summer apparel which is baggy  shorts and a t-shirt depicting some new heavy metal band.
          Just then Ryan caught Sandi starring at him and said between gulps of the chilled orange juice, "what's up mom, any toast for me?
            Sandi pointed at a loaf of bread on the counter and watched her son drop a couple of slices of it into the toaster.
            "Not much time," he said as he plopped himself down in a chair to wait for his toast.  "Me and Timmy are thinking of hitting the golf course this morning."
          "Sit down for a minute son, we have to talk about something."
           The tone of his mother's voice and the look on her face told him that she was serious and that something important was on her mind, so he said, "sure mom what's up."
         Ryan's eyes remained stuck on his mother's face as he waited for her speak but there was silence for a few more seconds while she gathered her thoughts together.  She had always been completely honest with her son about her financial situation and decided this morning would be no different.
         Sandi had never shielded Ryan from anything she thought he should know so their  relationship with each other was very good.  They had gotten along very well ever since his father had divorced her and moved in with some other woman.
         "Ryan," Sandi said hesitantly at first and then with more confidence as she dove headlong into the subject.
          "You know all about the financial difficulties I have been having lately?"
          "Yes."
           "Well they haven't gotten any better, in fact  they have gotten worse so I have decided to take some drastic action to try and improve the situation and I need your full co-operation or we will lose everything."
           "Everything," Ryan asked in a puzzled voice as if he couldn't understand what he was hearing.
           "Yes, everything."  Sandi tried to get her point across by sweeping her hand around the room.
           "The bank is about to foreclose on our beautiful, plush condo and there will be no more generous allowance for you so you will be living on a lot less.  You"ll have to give up your car and golf passes of course."
            Sandi said it with just the right emphasis because she knew it would really wake up her son to the reality of the situation.  It was effective too because now she had his complete attention.
             "All of it," he questioned his mother again.
             "Yes, all of it but I have a plan and for it to succeed I need your full co-operation."
             "Sure mom, what do I have to do, you know I will anything to help," Ryan assured his mother. 
             Hearing this Sandi plunged straight ahead.
              "Amanda and I have decided to make some adult movies and put them on the internet."
              "What", Ryan asked in disbelief with an incredulous look on his face.
              "You mean PORN movies or something?"
              "Yes we are going to make some of THOSE movies.  I take it you've seen some?
              "Yes," Ryan blushed as he nodded at his mother.
              "You know when some of us guys get together somebody starts showing everybody a site he  found on the internet."
               "Well, like I said, Amanda and I are going to start making our own. We will be the female stars and you and Timmy will be the male stars.
              "What," asked Ryan incredulously.
              "You want me and Tim to be in them with you and Mrs. Peeks?  What will we have to do.?"
              Sandi was silent for a moment and then decided to come right out with it.  After all she had already come this far.
             "It's simple," she told her son.  We decided to keep it in the family, so to speak, so instead of fooling around with complete strangers before a camera we are going to use you and Timmy.  You will be with Amanda and I will be Timmy and we record ourselves doing sexual thing with each other. You won't have to worry about your friends finding it on the internet during a porn search," Sandi assured her son who had a look of complete disbelief on his face.
              "We are going to have our faces disguised so nobody will be able to recognize us anyway.'  Certain types of people pay good money for this kind of stuff you know.  Older women and younger guys,"
           "UNBELIEVABLE" was the only word Ryan was able to get out as he tried to digest what his mother had just told him.
               Then he asked her. "You want me to like.......SCREW  around with Mrs. Peeks on camera and you are going to let Timmy do the same to you?"
               Sandi smiled and nodded her head at her son in agreement.
              "Yes, that is it.  It will be recorded and put on a special site on the internet where a  lot of people will pay us monthly fees to view it.  We expect to make more than enough money for us to stay here and you will be able to continue to have lots of spending money as well as your car and golf.  But if we don't do something soon we will soon be out of money and our asses will be out of the street.
          You wouldn't want something like to happen, would you?
           "Well no mom, of course not but I just never thought.  I mean doing SEX things with Timmy's mother, Ryan said with a deep blush covering his whole face.
          "Well, it might not be all that bad, after all Amanda is pretty and she has  a nice figure, hasn't she," Sandi teased her son.
           When he nodded in agreement, she added, "then in addition to helping us make enough money to keep our lifestyle, you might have a lot of fun out of it."
             Ryan blushed again then stammered in kind of whisper, "but I don't know too much  about sex yet."
             When his mother remained silent, he added, "well I messed around a bit with a couple of girls but we never like----really DID anything..... like going all the way," he confessed.
           "You mean you haven't gotten to home plate  yet with any of your girlfriends.  I think that is what you guys call it.  Well Amanda is very experienced and I am sure she will be able to show you what to do.
            "Now what do you say son, are you in with us?"
            When she saw her son nod his head quickly in agreement, Sandi said "good now here is what is going to happen.  Tonight there will be a sleepover.  You will go over to Amanda's place and Timmy will spend the night here with me."
           "With YOU  mom," Ryan interrupted, "and YOU will be doing it with Timmy?"
           "Exactly," his mother answered.  "Remember we are all in this together and everybody must do their part."
          In Amanda's condo the same type of conversation was taking place.
            "You mean I will really like get to SCREW Mrs. Cruthers," Timmy asked his mother?
            "Yes," his mother answered, "she is very pretty and nice so I don't think it will be all that bad for you."
            "And you will let Ryan like SCREW around with YOU?"
            "Yes," Amanda replied, "and it is going to make us a lot of  money so we won't have to move or get rid of our cars.'
           "Okay." Timmy told his mother, but I have never got very far with girls you know.  Just some kissing and touching but only above the waist."
            "That's okay,  There is going to be sleepover tonight.  Just go over to Sandi's and  do whatever she tells you do and  you will be okay," Amanda assured her son.  
            "Just remember to wear clean underwear and brush  your teeth," were her final instructions to her son.
               A quick phone call later that morning assured each woman that everything was set.  In order not to raise  the suspicions of nosey neighbours who might be curious about strange cars in their driveways all night, Sandi and Amanda agreed to meet in a mall parking lot to switch their sons.