Hospital ENF Humiliation
by JP_1814

Last year I was required to undergo a full health examination at my local hospital before I would be allowed to fully enrol in college. Not wishing to give up on my opportunity to go to school I grabbed the college health form and headed off to my local hospital for the exam. 

When I got to the hospital I gave the receptionist the form and told her what I needed to be done. She gave me a paper robe and directed me to a small room down the hall.

“Take off all your clothes and change into this,” she said “a doctor or a medical resident will be with you shortly,” she added.

Getting undressed was easy. I quickly took off my jeans, socks, underwear, and shirt. I have relatively small breasts so I did not wear a bra. I held the robe up to get a good look at it. I seemed to be a children’s size. It looked like it would barely cover more than a crop top, my whole ass and pussy would be exposed. The back was also totally uncovered save for two small pieces of fabric meant to tie the ‘robe’ together and my long black hair. Since it was all I had I put it on and I would hardly be expected to leave the exam room.

Knock, knock, knock! “Doctor, are you ready?” a female voice asked form the other side of the door.

“Yes, come in,” I replied.

A young blond women with large breasts walked in wearing light blue scrubs.

“I am Jill Goldan. I am a medical resident here and I will be doing your examination today.” She offered out her hand to shake.

“I am Ann Lee. I am going to college next semester and I need that health form filled out by a doctor,” I explained.

“We can do that all today. Follow me to the exam room,” she ordered.

“Like this?!?” I protested.

“It is a hospital, there are people in much worse shape than you,” Dr. Goldan said, dogging my question. “This way.”

Sensing that I had no choice I followed Dr. Goldan down the hall. Several people looked at my naked butt and vagina but no one said or did anything. I did my best to preserve whatever modesty I had left with the short robe, but it was no use. To pull the robe over my vigina I had to stick my butt out and waddle like a duck. Finally, after three more hall ways and a flight of stairs, we reached the exam room.

“Wait here while I check to see if anyone is using this room,” Dr. Golden said as she disappeared into the room leaving me exposed and alone. She was only gone a few minutes, but I felt nearby patents just staring at me and my naked lower body the whole time she was gone. 

When Dr. Golden returned she had a small, black, doctors bag. “The exam room is in use right now. I have everything I need here,” she said as she patted the bag, “we can just do the exam in the hallway. Wouldn’t want you walking around naked any longer then we have to.” She let out a little chuckle. “I am going to need to ask you for some information about yourself first, ok.”

I nodded ‘yes.’

“Name?”

“Ann Lee.”

“Age?”

“18 years old.”

“Race?”

“Asian.”

“Please bend over and try and touch your toes,” Dr. Golden requested.

I did as I was told, even if that meant exposing my whole, tight, little butt to everyone in the area.

“Good, good. Now bend over that chair and stick your posterior out. We are going to take your temperature,” The doctor explained.

Yet again, I did as she asked.

“Can you hold your butt cheeks open?” Dr. Goldan asked.

“Yes,” I answered timidly

“This will be a bit cold,” she said as she stuck the thermometer into my fully exposed ass.

She was right, it was a bit cold. I could feel it as it slowly made its way into my butt. I could also feel as Dr. Golden removed the thermometer.

“Good, good. For this exam you cannot have any pubic hair.” We both looked down at my somewhat impressive bush. I have to admit I am a bit lazy about trimming it. “Don’t worry. I have everything you will need right here.” The doctor took a red disposable razor and some shaving cream out of her bag and handed it to me. “Please be quick, insurance does not like to pay for long exams,” she chuckled again.

In front of what felt like the whole hospital I slowly started lathering up my vigina up. My face was the same color as the razor when I finally started shaving. It only took a few passes, I was not trying to manicure anything I just wanted to be done with it.

“Good, good. Spread your legs. You may feel a pleasurable sensation, if you do that is completely normal.” Dr. Golden slowly and carefully moved her hand around my pussy before thrusting her hand right up into my lady parts. She was right again, I did feel a pleasurable sensation. For a moment I forgot I was standing ass naked in a hospital hallway with a doctor’s hand up my vigina.

“Good, good,” Dr. Golden said again as she removed her hand from my taint. “Last exam, please take your robe off. We need to do a breast exam.”

“I quickly took off what the hospital called a robe. I was just trying to get through this exam as fast as possible so I could go home and end this humiliation. Dr. Goldan started to massage my breasts, looking for lumps. “Do you do self breast exams at home?” She asked.

“No,” I quickly replied.

“Have you know how to do a self breast exam?” She then asked.

“No,” I answered again.

“Here, let me show you,” she said as Dr. Goldan took off her shirt revealing a white, lacy bra. She then threw that off too revealing two DD cup boobs that put my little mounds to shame. “Just start in the middle and feel around for any lumps. Don’t worry, I did not find anyone you.” I followed her lead, believing that is what would get me out of here the fastest.

“All done. You have a clean bill of health.” She handed me the form as she started to get dressed again.

“Excuse me doctor, but where are my clothes?” I asked.

“Hm, someone else probably came and cleaned up that room. I am afraid you will have to go home naked,” she said coldly

“But, doctor; my mom is not coming to pick me up for another 30 minutes,” I pleaded.

“Well lucky for you it is a warm day.”
