Exposed
by Robin_snow

Exposed Pt. 01: Cleo's logged on.

Cleo gets catfished in an adult chatroom.

Cleo's finger trembled before she finally pressed "send". For a few seconds nothing happened, and she balanced on the border between disappointment and relieve, but then the image appeared in chat under her username "Lollypop". Instantly responses came pouring in.

"Cute face", "I'd fuck her", "open your mouth sweetie", "Are your tits as nice as your face?", "You can suck my lollypop!"

A satisfied smirk played around the corners of her mouth and her eyes twinkled as more and more compliments, some naughtier than others, streamed across her screen. A red dot at the corner of her inbox told her that she'd already received 14 dm's and with every "ping"-sound another came in. There was no way she could respond to all of them, but it didn't matter, the message was clear. 897 people online, at least 3/4 of them men, some might have saved her picture. The thought gave her a tight feeling in her stomach. How scary, but how exciting.

She quickly browsed through the dm's, half of which were just "hey" anyway. Others were asking to see more of her, or telling her what they wanted to do with her. A few guys had send here a picture of their erect cock. Her eyes promptly shot to her bedroom door, but the key was turned to the right and the door was locked.

"Oooff, no thanks", she closed a picture of a short fat cock with matted hair at the base and a big stomach peaking in the background. The next dm revealed something quite different. A clean athletic frame with strong arms, broad shoulders, a six pack and a high rising erection that seemed two thirds the size of her forearm. Cleo bit her lip staring at the picture. Should she respond? How? What would she even say? She typed a quick "<3" and send her little hart emoji to the internet stranger on the other end. She finished combing through messages from guys telling her she was cute and guys who told her they wanted to fuck her throat, then she went back to the main chat. Nothing more had been said about her. The chatroom had calmed down a bit and other pictures, of other girls, were being commented on. One girl, or a guy pretending to be a girl, had posted a nipslip and was getting all of the attention.

Cleo turned back to the sexy photo she got earlier. Her hand had found its way to her thigh and slowly caressed the sensitive skin. She wondered what it would feel like to have his strong hands on her hips and his, no doubt skilled, mouth kissing her neck. His large member... "would it even fit?" she wondered as her fingers graced by her labia through the fabric of her pyjama shorts. Health class had thought her the vagina was elastic and could stretch to even accommodate given birth, but to a girl who preferred pads over tampons, because she could barely slip a finger in, the stranger's huge erection seemed intimidating. She'd seen cocks before of course. Usually by accident and never erect. And she had watched plenty of porn. Only tonight she had craved something more... she couldn't quite put her finger on it... something more interactive? That desire had led her to an adult chatroom where she had, after she conquered her nerves, posted a selfie. The perverted comments had turned her on in a different way than porn could. Now SHE was the object of desire. She longed for more and posted another selfie in the main room. She waited for the next flood of messages, but her second picture didn't have the desired effect. "Show something more", one guy commented. A few did compliment her, but "nipslip-girl" had stolen the show.

She turned back to the hot guy, but he hadn't responded to her hart emoji. Maybe she should have sent him something different, but messaging him now would just seem too desperate. She clicked on his profile which went by the name "teenlover24". his profile picture was a close-up of his abs and his description said he was a dominant 24 year old straight man who liked working out, traveling and who had a taste for (18+) teens. He was still online but it seemed like he had other things on his mind than Cleo's selfie.

"Maybe I should post something with more spice?" she contemplated. She pulled down the neckline of her tanktop until it just covered her nipples and used her elbows to push up her c-cup breasts. From a high angle she took a couple selfies. Did she dare to post one? With a quick swipe of her finger she pushed her doubts away, selected a random selfie and posted it to the chat without looking. Only a few seconds later, when the image appeared public, did she notice how both her nipples had popped out of her top. She clicked on every button but couldn't figure out how to delete a posted message. "Fuck yes, that's it babe!", bbc69 posted, "Dayyyyyymn Lollypop's tits popped out!", said 9inchhardon, "can I cum on your tits?", asked another. A series of ping-sounds told her the messages were coming in again. She scrolled through them, massaging her crotch through the fabric. Something about strangers telling her that she made them hard made her clit twitch. She nearly dropped her phone when she saw the chat window of "teenlover24" blink.

His message read: "Loved your pics in main. How old are you lollipop?"

"Thanks," she responded, "I'm 18."

"Nice. I'm Jack, what's your name?"

For a second she thought of giving a fake name, but she didn't see the harm in telling him her first name.

"I'm Cleo."

"Nice to meet you Cleo. You're very beautiful, I bet you have no idea what you do to me."

"Haha, thanks <3 What's that?"

"I'll show you..."

Cleo bit her lip and scrolled back to the nude picture from before. Her hand massaged her crotch, rubbing vigorously against the cloth of her shorts. She didn't have to wait long for Jack's response. A pop-up appeared: "Teenlover24 sent you a gif." She opened it, her stomach tingling as she saw Jacks strong hand stroking his cock above her picture. Cleo took a deep breath, staring at the short gif. Ofcourse it was to be expected that some guys were jerking off to her picture, after all wasn't that the point of the chatroom? Many guys had messaged her saying they were, but actually seeing it was very different. Cleo couldn't restrain herself much longer and slipped her hand into her shorts. The tip of her finger tenderly probing between her labia, trailing upwards towards her little knob of pleasure. With familiar movements she circled her sensitive sweet spot, imagining how her internet partner was pleasuring himself as well. This was the interaction she'd been missing when watching mindless porn. Oh but she wanted more of it!

This time her top came down on purpose, her boobs as the focal point of the picture and her tongue out of her mouth as if she were really begging for it. And she was. "Give me some cum boys <3", she commented, feeling much braver than an hour before. Perhaps much braver than she would have been were she not so horny. Another storm of messages came in, one guy even sent her a cum-tribute, he had aimed his load on her tongue and chest. It seemed so gross, but the more vulgar the messages, the more vigorous her finger moved. As her swollen clit started to twitch, she pulled her hand away, waiting a bit, letting the intensity fade. She didn't want to cum yet, she wanted more.

Jack sent her another gif which almost pulled her over the edge. He rubbed precum on her photo and asked her if he could see her "pretty pink pussy". She wanted to send a picture right away, but a small voice of reason in the back of her mind held her back. Should she really send a fully nude photo to a stranger online? What if he decided to share it further. "Honestly," she reasoned, "that would be pretty hot." But would she think the same way tomorrow? She decided it would be safe as long as her face wasn't in it. With her phone in hand, she posed before her mirror. A dainty finger on her clit and a curved back and tilted waist to show off her figure. Her blonde, or arguably light brown hair cascaded down her schouders, framing her perky tits. It took her a few times to get a photo that satisfied her, then, before she could change her mind, she pressed send. She waited a few seconds for the picture to appear in Jack's chat, but the delay seemed longer than usual. Her internet connection seemed in order and just when she wanted to try to send the picture again, Jack messaged her. "Damn, the pic you shared in main chat is hot!" Cleo felt the blood draw from her face, "in main?!" It was then she noticed her mistake, rather than sending to "teenlover24", she had posted her bare body for all 1096 online accounts to see. Jack's response was followed by plenty others. She received over 15 dickpics and several tributes, many "hey bb"s and some very detailed, very nasty descriptions of how they would use her body if they could.

Cleo's fingers busied themselves, speeding up, moving in quick circles around her sensitive knob. She sighed deeply, trying to hold off her approaching orgasm. A little spasm in her thighs made her squeal and shiver. Wanting and NEEDING more, more, more, she clenched her phone between her feet and send a short moaning video of how she rubbed herself out into the world. She no longer cared that it was in main chat, she no longer cared that her face was in the shot, she just wanted more. Spurts of cum were shot for her from all kinds of men around the world, young, old, fit, fat, bigger and smaller cocks. Even if she was a virgin, right now she felt like a slut and she loved it.

By the time Cleo posted her next video in chat, a hand trembling, panting display, sweat pearling on her forehead and her labia shining with moisture, someone had already uploaded her first clip on a pornsite under the title "amateur 18 y/o tight body teen solo". Unbeknownst to the girl, her second video would soon be uploaded onto that same site. She continued to edge herself over and over for her audience as she rubbed the night away. Before she knew it, it was morning and she had pulled her first all-nighter outside of studying.

She couldn't be bothered with breakfast, but took a quick shower to cool down her glowing body. Thoughts of the naughty messages and pictures flashed through her tired mind as she got ready for work. She was expected by 10 o'clock at the restaurant where she had her student job. Hoping it wouldn't be a busy day, she rushed of to work.

At work Cleo quickly scrolled through her messages the first second she could, hidden behind a tower of boxes in the back of the supply room. Her clitoris yearned to be touched again. Oh how she wished for the day to be over so she could retreat behind her locked bedroom door. "Cleo?" she hurried back to work. It didn't matter how much she tried to focus on her job, her mind was elsewhere. When the rush from dinner service died down she returned to her hideaway in storage. An idea had popped into her mind two hours ago and she had been looking for an escape ever since. After a couple nervous glances at the door, she unbuttoned her blouse, pulled down her bra and snapped her picture with a mischievous smile.

"Jack", whose real name was Francis, clenched his teeth and hastily pulled a tissue from the box on his bedside table. He wiped thick blobs of cum off his screen. He had come three times in one night, all thanks to a teen slut. Even beter, one of his recent uploaded videos of her was trending, not only had she given him great pleasure, she was also making him money.

He sighed, she'd logged off. "She'll be back ", he mumbled. He sent her a friend request and grinned. Not many of the "girls" in the adult chatroom were real, it was always satisfying to find an actual horny teen, rather than a perv pretending to be one. Cleo seemed like an impressionable inexperienced girl, she jumped at the slightest compliment, there was definitely potential for more. Francis regretted not asking her phone number, who knew how long it would take her to get back online...

The first meeting.

"Oh, that didn't take long!" Francis grinned excited as he saw her username light up, Cleo'd excepted his friend request. Seconds later she had uploaded a picture with her blouse down in the main chat. Francis' eyes lit up, there was a name tag visible on her shirt and he could even read the name of the restaurant she worked at. "I'm sure I've seen that logo before", he mumbled while looking it up. "I knew it!", he grinned wide, "The Cozy Corner. Not even a 15 minute drive."

He stood in front of the mirror, he looked tired, his beard unkept and his skin felt sticky and uneasy from hours of masturbating. His face showed some wrinkles in his forehead and by his eyes, the skin of his chest and stomach was looser and had a lot more hair than the edited photo's he'd sent Cleo, after turning 60 he had lost a lot of muscle mass, gained over 60 pounds and hadn't looked after himself much. Living on his own hadn't helped the matter, especially since he quit his job a year prior and got on disability for his back pains. He wanted to drive straight up to the Cozy Corner, but he decided he at least needed a shower first.

Shaved and refreshed he drove over, an excited twitch in his pants. If he hadn't come so short before, he would have gotten an erection right away just from the thought of seeing Cleo in real life. He was appointed to a table in the back by an overly friendly host, who seemed to pity him for eating alone. The restaurant was pretty calm, as it was quite late for dinner. He quietly shook his head at the menu, some alternative hipster bullshit, he thought. His eyes scanned the restaurant, no Cleo in sight. A disappointed sigh slipped out, maybe her shift was already over. It was then that the girl appeared from a backroom door, a spring in her stap and a satisfied smile, she put away her phone in her apron and walked towards his table. Francis felt his hart pound in his chest, but he kept his composure. Would he say something to her? He decided against it. She hadn't seen his face online and wouldn't recognize him.

The girl was perfectly proper and pleasant as she took his order. It gave him great satisfaction, knowing what he knew about her, while she had no idea, it even made him feel powerful. He followed her out of the corners of his eyes, staring at her tight ass, the bounce of her tits as she sprung through the room. He ate slowly. The young waitress disappeared to the back and he sighed at the door. What could be his next move? While he contemplated going home or ordering dessert, his phone screen lit up. He felt a rush of blood in his groin, right now, right here, Cleo was taking pictures in the backroom! With her tongue hanging out her mouth and her boobs squeezed together she appeared in chat. Francis wanted to jump up and storm through the back door. He clenched his teeth in restraint.

"Hot little slut..." he whispered under his breath as she appeared back behind the counter, pretending nothing was going on. Francis smiled, he knew her dirty secret.

"See you tomorrow!" Cleo grabbed her bag from behind the counter and the other waitresses waved or nodded at her when she left.

"Now's my chance," Francis knew that he had to act fast. He glanced at her through the window as the girl was unlocking her bike from a pole and he waved over one of her colleagues.

"How can I help you, sir?"

"The bill please," he felt his heart racing, Cleo had unlocked her bike and was putting her purse in the carrier.

"Just a minute," the waitress replied.

Cleo was about to leave. Francis bit his lip and pulled out a few bank notes, "Here," he handed the girl an amount of money, at least double of what his bill would be, "keep the change," and marched out of the restaurant, missing the surprised expression on the waitresses face.

Cleo had just reached the end of the road when he got to his van. "Keep your distance," he whispered to himself, backing out of his parking spot.

Traffic was busy, which made it so he could slowly follow the girl without drawing much attention. At the same time, it made it harder to keep his eyes on her in the rush of bikes and cars. He cursed as a large truck cut him off and blocked his view. "No, no, no..." He'd passed the truck, but the girl was nowhere to be seen. "No, fuck!" She couldn't have gone far. He turned back and tried a side lane. "Fuck!" he pounced his fists on the steering wheel, "Fuck!"

Francis leaned his head onto the wheel as he vented his frustration in a series of curse words. He had been this close to figuring out where she lived. If only that dumb truck hadn't... A "ping" sound woke him from his thoughts. It was the adult chat. Lollipop had posted a picture in the main chat. Francis grinned, "So you're home already..." He looked around the street, half expecting to see some sign of where she lived. "Can't be far..." he whispered as he drove up and down the street a few times. "Tomorrow," he concluded.

Half the night he masturbated to Cleo's photo's and video's. She'd clearly lost her shyness. Now that she had discovered the pleasures of the online chat, she seemed addicted. She reveled in the new found attention and compliments, never having had much of that due to her timid nature and limited social life. Most men in chat were older than her, some much older, which she found a bit gross. Guys over fifty, older than her own dad... She didn't interact much with them, although she still liked the idea of being desirable to them too.

Her favorite chat-partner was 24 year old Jack. He seemed smart and funny, much more mature than some of her classmates and nothing turned her on more than seeing his twitching cock over her photo's. He told her she was beautiful, described how he wanted to caress her cheek and kiss her perfect lips. Her breath deepened, thinking of his strong fingers brushing along her neck, down to her chest.

"Have you slept with many guys before?" he asked her.

Cleo bit her lip, how would her respond if he knew she was a virgin.

"No, I haven't." she responded, without going into further detail.

"Hmmmm... how many?" Jack responded.

"Not much..."

"Have you had sex before?" Francis typed, catching on to her evasive answers.

Now there was no more circling around the truth, Cleo considered lying, but she figured Jack could probably tell she was inexperienced. She sighed. She contemplated writing "just once" when Jack send another message.

"I don't mind if you haven't." he said, reassuring her.

"I haven't." she admitted.

"That's okay," he said, "bit of a turn on, tbh."

Cleo exhaled deeply, he didn't mind. She was surprised at how much she cared about the internet stranger's opinion. The adult chat had opened a door for her to explore her sexuality and body with others, an experience that had been scary, but also liberating. She realized that, before she'd met Jack, she had pent up her sexual feelings. She had masturbated to porn ofcourse, but that was no longer enough.

Francis was browsing Facebook in a separate tab. He knew her first name, what town she was from and where she worked. Now he also knew she was probably single. It took some searching, with only a first name, but eventually he found her Facebook account.

"Cleo Everly," he mumbled. She had a cute profile picture, in which she smiled, holding up a grumpy ginger cat. Seeing an innocent side of her almost turned him on more than the nude pictures. He saved the photo in his "Cleo" folder.

He went on to browse her page, but to his disappointment, she didn't share much publicly. All he could see were a few tagged pictures from friends who didn't have the same privacy settings. In her day to day life, he found, she dressed rather modest. No shorts or tanktops. Just t-shirts, long jeans, sneakers and a one piece swimsuit at the beach. Yet he, and hundreds of strangers, had seen her naked. Hundreds more had watched the video of her which he'd uploaded on an amateur pornsite.

Although her Facebook account was well protected from lurking, her Instagram was public. Francis downloaded and saved every photo he could find. Only by 4am he came over a photo of her on a beach in Spain before going to sleep.

The break-in.

Francis repeated his actions from the day before, eating at The Cozy Corner while checking out Cleo's tight body as she worked. This time he asked for the bill sooner and waited in his van for Cleo to appear. The road was not as busy, which made tailing the girl easier. He turned the last corner just in time to watch her cary her bike inside, "perfect," he grinned. He took a few photo's of the house and went home.

Cleo was beyond tired. Two nights in a row she'd spend on the adult chat, barely sleeping three hours total. She sighed deeply as she felt down on her bed. At the same time the girl felt ashamed. What in the world had she been thinking, sharing such private photo's with online strangers. At the time it felt good, but now... She was having doubts, considered deleting her account, but then decided to think it over. The best she could do now, she concluded, was to take a break from the chat.

It was somewhat of a let down for Francis, not having his teen slut to send him nudes. But he had collected plenty of material to masturbate over and the excitement of finding her home increased his lust. He came fast and went to sleep early, ready to get out the door first thing tomorrow.

Francis parked in under a large willow tree, a few houses down the road from Cleo's home. His cock was half erect as he peered out of his windshield. The first people were leaving their house, but the neighborhood was still calm. After about an hour of waiting, Cleo's front door swung open. "That must be the mom." Francis mumbled. He'd come to the conclusion that Cleo lived with her mom and an older sister. The sister however went to college and slept at a dormitory during the week, so she wouldn't be home. Francis felt the urge to ring the doorbell and barge in, knowing that the sexy teen was home alone, but he restrained himself and waited. Another hour went by and finally Cleo walked out with her bike. She was wearing a long jeans which fit snug around her thighs. Francis' hand instinctively went to his crotch. His eyes trailed the curves of her body, her round ass as she rode down the street.

After she left his sight, he waited a few more minutes before getting to the house. Careful not to attract unwanted attention, he casually opened the fence and walked around the halfopen house to the backdoor. He tested the door but wasn't lucky, it was locked. He walked around the yard, inspecting the house. A grumpy ginger cat, sat on the windowsill stared him down. "Shu!" he waived at the cat. The animal slowly got up, stretched, it's tail flicking playfully, and than walked around a corner. "Where are you going..." Francis whispered. He peaked past the wall and saw the cat slip through an open window, just above the bins.

"Perfect!"

After crawling through the window, Francis found himself in the kitchen. He sighed, he wished he was still as flexible and agile as a 24 year old. Climbing a window used to be easy. No doubt tomorrow he would feel it in his back and shoulders. The ginger cat looked at him with a judging stare as he took more photo's of the house. He could feel the blood rush to his groin as he climbed the carpeted stairs. There in colorful letters he saw CLEO on a bedroom door. He first went into the other rooms, savoring the most important one for last. He snooped around the bathroom cabinet and through every drawer, taking pictures and making sure he left everything in the original position.

Finally he entered Cleo's room. It was a rather small space. On the right side she had a desk with a laptop and a pile of schoolbooks, the drawers didn't reveal anything spicy. On a string above her desk she had a series of polaroid pictures with family and friends. Across from the door was the only window in the room with translucent white curtains. Francis peeked outside to see the road and the willow tree where he was parked. He turned around to where her bed stood. There was only space for a single bed, the sheets had a Korean boyband on them and by the headboard stood at least four pillows. Above the bed she had more K-pop posters and fairy lights. Francis trailed his fingers across the sheets, this was where she slept...

At the back of the door was a full size mirror which he recognized from her pictures and on the wall across from the desk was her dresser. He browsed through the clothes, smelling her sent, feeling the soft fabrics slip between his fingers.

He opened the drawers and found the eighteen year olds underwear. He spotted colorful bras and panties, not too daring, but he felt aroused none the less. Carefully he picked out a purple pair of panties. He felt the delicate material and smelled the fresh fabric. The crotch area was slightly bleached from wear. Once more he brought the panties up to his face, before stuffing them in his pocket.

Francis made sure to make pictures of everything in Cleo's room before he really got to work. First he attached a transmitter on the back of the dresser, connecting it with his own computer, he then placed several microphones and camera's around the room. They were so incredibly small he could even slip a microphone behind one of the posters. Camera's were placed on the dresser, at the frame of the mirror, above the curtain rod and even one in the place of a fairy-light. He admired his work for a moment before moving on to the bathroom. There he only placed one camera in the vent above the shower-bath combo.

The sixty year old fondled the panties in his pocket. "Would I..." he wondered, "I shouldn't..." he shook his head, "she might notice." He couldn't help himself.

Back in the girls room he unbuckled his belt and took the pillow which looked like she used it to sleep on. His erection had hardened over the hour he'd been lurking around the house and it sprung up as he lowered his pants. He pulled back the sheets and laid down on his stomach, the pillow wedged under his pelvis as he started to thrust. He sniffed deeply at Cleo's panties as he huffed and humped up against the pillow. His glans glistening with precum. His voice cracked and he moaned an out of tune "Oh oh, ah ah!" with every thrust. With his balls tightening up, he quickly jumped off the bed and continued to rapidly stroke his cock with the stolen panties. Finally with a loud grunt he came, soiling Cleo's panties with thick globs of cum. He decided to hide the dirty panties under her mattress, so she would unbeknownst sleep on them and stole another pare to take home. She wouldn't notice if one or two of the many where missing, he assumed, picking a cute blue pair with a white satin bow on the front.

Lights, camera, action!

After picking up takeaway from the local Mc. Donalds, Francis returned to his parking spot. There he stayed in the back of his van. He had an old mattress and a laptop with internet connection, he didn't need much more. Blacked windows made him inconspicuous and parked under the willow, he still had a good view of the house, without standing too close.

He tried to close his eyes for a bit, but his skin felt too sweaty and uncomfortable and his back hurt too much to really sleep. He finished his cheeseburger, twenty chicken nuggets, cheese snacks, a large fries with mayonaise and cherry milkshake, whipped his greasy fingers on the side of the mattress and browsed through his photo-collection. Cleo, his Cleo... oh she was beautiful, sexy and adorable...

Francis peeked through the window and checked on his camera's, no movement at the house yet. He grinned. Many men his age took issue in the youth's so called "obsession" with technology, but he strongly disagreed. The internet had given him a platform with so many possibilities and although times and methods did change, one thing remained constant: there were still naïve and gullible teens out there.

He edited a few more photo's of himself. Honestly, there wasn't too much left of the original when he was done with them. His low hanging stomach turned to abs, his aged chest lifted, skin tightened and body hair lessened, he even edited the spots, veins and wrinkles on his hands. Only his cock remained untouched. He'd always had a large member, and took pride in it. After he let his physique slide, at least he still had that. He wondered what Cleo would think of him if she knew who "Jack" really was. It hadn't escaped his notice that she didn't respond much to elder men in the main chat. He didn't know of course who she talked to in private, but he doubted she went for "dadbods".

Francis knew the term cat-fishing. He knew terribly well what he was doing, but didn't feel much remorse in deceiving the girl. Firstly, he reasoned, things weren't any different back in his day. They'd come up with all sorts of stories to impress girls and get them to spread their legs. Whether it was promising everlasting love or pretending to be rich and successful, the games hadn't changed much. Secondly, girls of her generation knew damn well the possibilities of technology and photoshop. She must have been warned countless times by her parents and teachers, "Don't ever trust strangers, especially not online." The fact that she still fell for it, Francis thought, was a hundred percent on her. Thirdly, he figured, girls who share photo's like that in a public chat should reap what they sow. She wasn't just asking for it, in his view she was basically selling her body for attention.

And oh did Cleo come cheap! A simple "Your smile is beautiful," and she gave in to nearly any request. How easy it was to turn an insecure teen into an amateur pornstar. Francis worshiped her, yet had not one bit of respect for the girl. He didn't see her as a person, but rather as a toy he desperately wanted to play with, wanted to have.

As time went by and the house remained quiet, Francis put the finishing touches on his new streaming site: exposingcleo.net

The header of his new website showed an innocent instagram photo, side by side with a naughty picture of Cleo with her chest uncovered and her boobs on display. Different tabs brought visitors to gallery's with photo's, a mix between her social media and her nudes. Behind paywalls different video's were available and voyeurs could even take a virtual tour of her room. And then of course there was the stream itself, showing the live camera's in her room and shower. Francis was pretty sure the upstairs bathroom was only used by Cleo, but even if he was wrong, his viewers probably wouldn't mind seeing the big sister or the mom either.

He'd just linked the camera's to the stream as he noticed a purse on Cleo's bed. "She's home!" his voice sounded raspy with excitement. He scanned the camera's for a sign of the girl and then saw the shower curtain move. Like an actress stepping onto a stage, the curtain opened and the nude girl stepped in full view of the shower camera. "Perfect!" Francis grinned. The first free-trail accounts were tuning in, getting a good view of Cleo's perky tits. The water cascading down her face, along her curves. The thrilling view made Francis' heart race and pump blood into his growing erection. "Good girl," he whispered to the screen as Cleo bend over to pick up a bottle of conditioner, exposing the pink folds between her thighs for all 72 viewers.

He let the delicate fabric of the stolen panties slip between his fingers. His hand found its way to his cock without looking down, unable to rip his eyes from the screen as oblivious young Cleo put on a show. Fuck, he wanted her... Francis groaned, oh how much he urged to touch her. Caress her fair skin, knead her soaped in breasts, grinding his body against hers. His hips bucked as he fucked both his hands. Oh how he wanted to press his stomach against her back, his hips against her perfectly round ass, his cock wedged between her thighs.

Finally he let go of his twitching penis and shut his eyes tightly. He didn't want to orgasm yet. After a couple of deep breaths he looked again, just in time to watch the girl get out of the shower. Over two hundred free-trail accounts had tuned into the livestream. A few had even subscribed to full acces of all photo's and video's and paid the monthly fee of 4 dollars. Cleo appeared back on screen, this time in her bedroom, wearing pyjama shorts and a tanktop. She was blissfully unaware of her nipples peeking through the fabric and the pastel pink shorts hugging her thighs. Dozens of cocks were being vigorously stroked over the livestream. Men between eighteen and eighty years where humping their pillows, moaning, groaning, panting and wanting... wanting young Cleo so badly.

The girl had locked her door and lowered her top. Posing in front of the mirror, trying to find a good angle for her next naughty picture, she was perfectly positioned in front of the mirror frame camera. Francis' raspy voice called out her name, "Cleo..." as she pushed her perky tits together. Seconds later "Jack" received the picture. He waited a few minutes for realism before sending her one of his freshly edited photo's. The head of his cock glistened with precum. He watched Cleo drop her shorts and lay back on her bed. With her index finger she flicked at her clitoris while looking at Jack's nude. A moan scraped through his throat. The girl parted her thighs and he wanted nothing more than be between them.

Francis didn't care that his out of tune wails could be heard outside the van. He was fully engulfed in the fantasy of shagging the eighteen year old girl in her bedroom. His greasy hands gripped his pillow tightly, sweat dripped down the sides of his face and pooled in the creases of his stomach, thighs and chest. His body hair stuck to his stomach as he wheezed and humped. Hearing Cleo's soft moans as she caressed her chest pulled him over the edge. His cum oozed over his pillow and mattress, his body collapsed and he laid still in his own filth, only his rasping breath bouncing of the metal walls. Then he finally fell asleep.

