I don't know what it is about his voice that does it to me. But it's something I have no control over -- and nor do I want any. Sometimes I think he could be talking about anything -the weather, or growing geraniums, and it would still make me come. As it is he chooses to talk about far more intimate things than that, painting vivid pictures in my head that drive me crazy with longing.
My stomach lurches as soon as the phone rings. He always asks me where I am and what I'm wearing. As usual I on my bed, wearing nothing but a pair of panties.
"What colour are they? What do they look like?"
I tell him they are dark pink lace with a satin band at the top, and he asks if he could see my pubic hair through them.
"Yes," I answer, my voice already husky with lust. And they are -- my pussy is tingling in anticipation, and my juices are beginning to flow.
He tells me to circle my fingers round my breasts, trailing circles closer and closer to my nipples, which are large and hard.
"Pinch them Marie, harder, pull them away from you."
They stick out even more now, rosy red and erect, the pain/pleasure I feel making the muscles in my pussy clench.
"Spread your legs wide, now take hold of your panties and pull them tight against your clit. Tighter Marie, split your cunt open with them."
Such torture. I can feel the fabric pressing against my swollen clit and I move my hips involuntarily in an effort to get the release I crave.
I am murmuring "Please, please" over and over under my breath.
"Please what Marie?"
"Please let me touch my clit, please."
"Rub yourself lightly through the fabric, now harder, use two fingers, come all over your panties Marie, I want them soaking wet."
At almost the first touch of my fingers I am coming, panting and moaning as I feel the hot, sticky juices flooding out.
"Take off your panties and hold them over your face."
Now my nostrils are filled with the unmistakable scent of sex, that heady, musky smell of my own cum.
"Suck them," he tells me.
I do so willingly, the taste always familiar but subtly different every time. My cunt is aching, and I need to feel something inside me, something that I can clench my muscles around.
"Spread your pussy lips open Marie. Use both hands. How does it feel? Can you feel the warm air caressing them? I would love to be lying between your legs now, staring into that swollen, red, wet, pussy of yours."
I know what he wants -- he wants to make me beg to let me touch myself. And I do, telling him I need to finger fuck myself, please let me, please...
"Go on then, hard and fast, fuck yourself Marie."
That's all I need and I thrust two fingers straight in to my waiting pussy, sliding them in deep and fast and moaning with pleasure as I feel the juices flooding over them and down the crack of my arse.
I come over and over again, my fingers alternating between my clit and my cunt until my hand is soaked. I tell him how wet I am and he asks me to hold the phone near to my pussy so he can hear. I know he loves that -- the squelch of my juices as my fingers slide in and out and my groans and gasps of pleasure in the background.
"Take your fingers out and suck them clean," he commands me.
My hand, thighs, bush, arse, bed -- all are soaked with cum and the room reeks of sex.
I want more now, something bigger, something more like a cock inside me. I grab a vibrator, turn it on and hold it to my clit, all the while describing to him what I am doing and how it feels. And fuck, it feels so good. I rub it in slow circles then slowly dip it in to my waiting pussy, gasping as the full length of it slides in. I am trying to be restrained, trying to measure the pace but I just can't hold back and before I know it I am pumping it furiously in and out, hips writhing, grabbing at my tits, rubbing my clit and thrashing around on the bed completely lost in the pleasures of my own body.
I don't know how many times I come like this -- I lose count, but it's always an intense and hugely satisfying experience. I would love him to be able to watch me -- although it happens fairly frequently I am always amazed at just how much I come.
Sometimes he will come too, and I love that, hearing him jack himself off, the sound of his hand rubbing his cock and his breathing changing until he shoots his cum all over his naked chest. Other times he will read me back a fantasy that I have sent him, or tell me which photos of me he is looking at and describing what he would like to do to me. I love it all, and have many more stories to tell...