Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Afterlife
Part: Chapter 2 of 6
Universe: Vixen Circle
Summary: A traffic accident gives a man a chance to put 
matters to right.
Keywords: mf, exhib, no-sex
Language: English
Copyright: 2010

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
When it became obvious that at least half the class 
wanted to continue training in a more serious way I 
discussed the possibility of getting some mats with my 
father and of making some proper judogis with my mother.

"You're sure of those investment tips you've given me?"

"That's how they worked out in my first life.  I did 
alright on the Derby even though that paid peanuts with 
what you risked."

Some names stood out even when I'd no interest.  Everyone 
had heard of Sea Biscuit hadn't they, but how many had 
any idea which races were won, placed or lost?  I 
couldn't remember why Canonero rang a bell when I'd 
looked at the list of runners but I'd been confident 
enough to suggest Dad make a wager.

Sporting champions were similar - when did they peak and 
how long were they up there?  Were there failures along 
the way?  If I'd known I was coming back I could have 
researched the matter.

When Dad considered what he could have been asked to 
invest in any other sport I might have wanted to play (in 
time as well as money) he decided that he wasn't going to 
suffer too much even if the investment advice proved 
faulty.  He did argue that his yard was not going to be 
much use in winter and suggested we approach my school to 
use the gym.

"If you get status as an official sporting club at the 
school you'll get automatic insurance and personal 
liability coverage plus they might chip in on the mats, 
or at least the replacements when the time comes."

It made sense and with both Dad and Mom's backing plus a 
petition from the parents of those who wished to continue 
learning (and a couple more who thought we should have 
the opportunity even though they no longer wanted to), we 
got a letter of approval.

In the meantime I had let my fingers do the walking and 
found a dojo in another city who happily gave me the 
details of where I could get material and plans for our 
gis, or even order ready-made outfits.

The cost was such that making our own seemed a much 
better option and, with each student pre-paying, Mom 
ordered a bolt of cloth.

---

I had another idea and presented it to Gavin and Sam for 
consideration.

"They'll like it, though I don't understand what those 
squiggles are."

"They are the Japanese characters for the name of our 
dojo.  Ki-tsu-ne Do-jo."  Better than Tonkatsu!

Again they were puzzled how I could know this but really 
I only needed to track down a book on Kanji - admittedly 
not so easy until I visited the University's library.  I 
explained this to my friends.

Finding a company who would turn a design into an 
embroidered patch wasn't too hard - every flower child 
had posters, stickers, decals or cloth patches over every 
surface they owned - car, books, walls, clothes.  I did 
have to order one hundred as well as pay for the creation 
of their pattern recording.  I didn't know what they used 
in this era prior to micro-computers but if I ever came 
back for more they could feed the specification back into 
their machine and rapidly run off another hundred or two.

I just treated them individually as being ten times 
dearer than they might have been.

---

The principal came to our inaugural session - we were 
allocated Wednesdays for 90 minutes immediately after 
school which included whatever time we needed for setting 
up and clearing up before the next group came in.  We 
were also limited to the southernmost of the three courts 
and large nets were dropped down so we didn't have to 
worry about their balls flying across our mats.  (Only 
the girls sending our own flying!)

We had to learn to get organised so our first hour and a 
half really only allowed us twenty minutes or so of 
practice after we had warmed up.  I started with a few 
minutes reminder of mat and competition etiquette and 
safety issues.  Landing on grass had been harder than 
these mats would be and everyone was already conscious of 
them but we needed to impress upon our visiting parents 
and the principal that we were serious despite my 
youthful coaching.

"Bert, a word please."

"Yes sir?"

"I understood your father would be coaching this group."

"No sir.  I will be.  A. Lamont."  It was on the sheet.

"But you're what...?"

"Fifteen sir."

"And you feel your competent to teach others?"

"Not entirely but I can get them started and hopefully we 
can get a better coach to take over from there."

"I will be watching.  I hope you don't take this as an 
opportunity to fool around with school equipment."

"Sir, with respect, the equipment was purchased by my 
father so the school wouldn't have to provide items that 
hadn't been included in its budget.  There are a few 
parents here who also won't stand for any fooling 
around."

"Noted Bert.  I will still be watching."

He, and the parents I mentioned, weren't the only ones.  
A few early arrivals for the next group booked into the 
gym sat in the bleachers and watched us practising.  
There were questions and more interest while we were 
packing up.

---

There was merit in my Principal's concerns.  I didn't 
know enough about training a group properly despite our 
initial successes.  There *WAS* one person I knew who 
might help though.

---

I was aware something had happened by the sudden glances 
over my shoulder.  I ignored whoever had entered the gym 
since none of my class gave any indication I was in 
danger.

"Class!"  I focussed their attention back on me and 
finished the warm up exercises.  Dismissing them to their 
places around the perimeter of the mat I finally turned.  
Now I *WAS* surprised.  Instead of a reply to my letter I 
had a visit in person.

I bowed low.  "Konichiwa sensei"

The man acknowledged my bow with his own and then asked, 
"Sensei?  You seemed to be in charge of this group."

"I have that honour but I fear I am barely adequate for 
the job, hence my request for your advice."

"Have we met before somewhere?  Or perhaps I know your 
parents?  I haven't been teaching very long myself."

"Perhaps you better know the problems I face then."

He smiled and nodded his acknowledgement of my 
assessment.

"Kitsune Dojo, eh?  You seem to have more vixens."

"I thought they might prefer vixens to bitches - a term 
some have heard since having to defend themselves."

"You're teaching them to use Judo to defend themselves?  
Haven't you heard a little knowledge is dangerous?"

"Less so than total ignorance - so long as they are aware 
of their limitations."

"What dan are you?

"Merely gokyu sensei - and I cannot claim that in 
competition so..."  I pointed to my white belt rather 
than the blue I might legitimately claim as my future 
self."

"At how old?"

"Fifteen."

"Indeed.  Please then, proceed."

I bowed again and resumed my spot before my curious 
group.  My former/future instructor took a seat in the 
bleachers with a couple of parents and our regular 
inquisitive students.

"Pair up please and take turns tripping and then securing 
your opponents.  Green/Blue and Yellow/Orange today 
please."

Each person had a touch of colour at their left wrist, a 
ribbon that allowed me to mix up the pairings quickly so 
they had some variety.  If the numbers didn't match, any 
left overs simply found partners among each other with me 
sparring with an odd one out for a while.  When I had no-
one I would move around tightening up the action, giving 
praise or criticism as deserved.  I looked up at one 
stage to notice our guest had disappeared but a little 
later he was kneeling beside the mat watching in his own 
gi.

"Are you sure we haven't met? he grinned.  "Either you 
learned under my master or someone he has trained.  I 
doubt any of my own students are ready to teach."

"I would disagree that I am ready to teach either but 
when needs must..." I avoided a more direct answer.

"When they finish perhaps I can assess your skills then?"

"Sensei."  I nodded my head then turned to the mat and 
clapped my hands three times.  When sparring or in 
competition a triple tap indicated surrender and my class 
recognised the same signal as an indication to stop.

"Places please.  Our guest tonight is Mr Phillip 
Mitchell.  He learned Judo in the US Army and became an 
instructor with them.  He is now Sensei or teacher at his 
own Dojo - the Fighting Mongoose Dojo, a reference to his 
Cobra Unit in the Army."

Phillip hid his surprise of my knowledge of his past but 
I knew I'd shown off too much.

"I wrote to ask for his advice in how best to set up a 
training program considering your needs and my own 
inadequacies.  I didn't expect a personal visit but wish 
to thank him for taking the time to come tonight.  Sensei 
Phillip has asked to assess my skills and so we will take 
the mat for a bout.  I hope you enjoy it."

We moved onto the mat and knelt facing each other.  He 
leaned forward to indicate he was ready and I touched my 
forehead to the mat at the same time.

We rose and he simply said "Attack".  Okay he wanted to 
see what I could throw at him.  I started small and 
worked my way through the more basic moves and up to the 
more difficult ones while he allowed himself to be thrown 
to look at my floor work or occasionally blocked a move 
to force me to apply a countering attack myself.

I was rusty in places but my brain must still have the 
recordings for muscle movements that this body had not 
yet practised.  I just accepted that I could respond as 
need be and ignored the metaphysical - if not 
supernatural - mysteries.

"Enough.  Defend."

We moved in together and this time it was my turn to 
defend myself as strenuously as possible.  Having seen a 
sample of my skills Phillip didn't apply a predictable 
sequence of attacks though, making me respond to a 
variety of moves.  From the sidelines we must have looked 
quite violent but there was a care taken not to cause 
actual harm on either side.

I was thrown and this time my opponent stepped back and 
bowed towards me before extending his hand and helping me 
up.

"Some moves need work but you know enough of what you're 
doing to make me agree about your blue belt.  I haven't 
had such a work out for a while.  Well done."

"Thank you Sensei.  I'm rather pleased I managed to do as 
well as I did too."

My class listened and basked in the shared praise for 
their teacher.  To learn someone obviously qualified saw 
me as worthwhile meant they weren't wasting their time - 
though experience had suggested they were definitely not 
doing that.

"May I test some of your students?"

"Please.  If anyone does not wish to spar with Sensei 
Phillip would you please move back off the edge of the 
mat."

I was pleased that no-one actually moved.

"They have all been working with you for the same time?"

"Two have been training a couple of weeks longer and two 
about half as long as the others, maybe only five weeks."

"And none have had another sensei?"

"No Sensei."

"Good.  Stand please."

He looked around the mat.  "I'm looking for the third 
shortest person - just to be a little random.  You.  You.  
You.  You and you.  Please line up.  Thank you, can the 
rest of you return to your places.

He turned to me.  "Nothing special about this young 
lady?"

"Carole is on a par with the others, better at some 
things than others, like them all."

He turned to Carole.  "Perhaps you can pretend I'm a 
mugger and show me what throws or holds you would apply?"

Carole nodded.  Her mother was in the gym for the first 
time and she was eager to prove she could look after 
herself.  She only hoped, after seeing my battle, that 
she could.

"Please turn around.  You're waiting for a bus; it's late 
at night so it's understandable that you would be nervous 
and alert."

"Sensei," I began.  "Just a word of warning."

"Warning?" He bent my way and I quietly explained.

"Carole *CAN* look after herself and has done so.  She 
knows how to fight dirty and may do so, especially if 
things get heated."

"Really?"

Phillip obviously wondered how dirty "dirty" really was 
and why I felt the need to warn him.  I hadn't stressed 
competition rules of engagement to my class since we 
didn't have anyone to compete with and had been primarily 
concerned with defence anyway.

Phillip waited for a few seconds so Carole would grow 
tense as she might in the actual situation described.  
Again, he made slight innocuous noises so she was 
constantly ready to respond.

Adrenalin is the body's accelerator when it has to be 
able to react at need but keep the engine revving without 
going anywhere and the chassis just starts shaking.  
Carole was showing signs of the jitters when Phillip's 
arm was suddenly around her shoulder and across her 
throat.

I think he expected her to kneel and pull him forward and 
he was prepared to go with the flow if she showed any 
proficiency if only to see what she would then do next.  
Instead of pulling on his arm though she lifted it while 
at the same time raising her foot.

Her teeth sunk into his flesh as her heel crashed down on 
his bare foot.

While he yelled at the unexpected pain on two fronts, 
Carole turned and added to the momentum of her spin with 
a rapid lifting of the other leg to plant her knee in his 
balls.

*NOW* she pulled down on his arm while grabbing his lapel 
at the same time.  She took a step backwards and simply 
fell over, curling up as she bent her knees into her 
belly.  Her feet found Phillip's belly and over he went.

He had enough clarity of thought to note she followed 
through holding onto his arm but when he expected to find 
himself in a traditional hold Carole merely put one foot 
on his throat and bent his arm back across her other 
thigh.

I clapped three times, surrendering for Phillip and 
called "Carole" at the same time.  Actually my hands 
started moving as soon as I saw my instructor about to 
land on his back.  I didn't know what he was thinking but 
I was quite proud of her.

Carole's mother's own shout of horror barely registered 
over the cheers from around the mat.  I waved for silence 
and when Carole looked over at me I smiled and indicated 
she should kneel to wait for Phillip's acknowledgement 
the bout was over.

Phillip's pride was probably hurt more than his body.  
Carole hadn't drawn blood for instance and her own bare 
feet hadn't caused nearly as much damage as shoes would 
have done.

As for his balls, well I guess a gi gives a little more 
protection than a normal pair of trousers or jeans - but 
not much.

"Whoo.  Youch.  I guess I understand your warning now."

"Carole has actually faced down someone who, while not 
intending harm so much as assault, didn't get a chance to 
touch her a second time.  We've shared and used those 
experiences to work out what was done wrong and what 
could have been more effective."

"You taught her to do that?"

"Well bits and pieces but Carole improvised and threw in 
a Tomoe-nage that I hadn't seen her do before.  That was 
nicely done by the way Carole."

As we had spoken Carole's mother had decided she could 
not stay seated and was headed her way.

"Mom! Stop!"

Carole held her hand up and her mother came to a 
screeching halt.  "What?"

"You've got your shoes on."

"Huh?"  Her daughter had just assaulted a strange man and 
she was rabbiting on about shoes?

Gavin stood.  "If you'd like to give them to me I'll put 
them with ours."

The polite assistance threw her when she thought everyone 
should be upset and she complied before rushing across 
the mat to see if Phillip was okay."

"I will be and you can be sure I won't be attacking any 
of these vixens if your daughter is an example of how 
they react.  I too would complement you on an advanced 
throw well executed.  May I ask how you learned it?"

I beckoned Carole to her feet and Phillip belatedly bowed 
to show the bout was over.  Carole did likewise and I 
think her mother was stunned that we all considered what 
had happened normal.  Little did she realise that this 
view was not shared by anyone but my class.

"Sam explained what Albert had done when he was first 
attacked and we paid attention when he discussed 
different ways we could use people's weight and momentum 
against them.  If someone was running towards you for 
instance they had already done most of the work.  We 
practised a bit together and I decided to try it because 
you wouldn't expect me to know how."

"The element of surprise.  Well done Carole."

I well knew the value of justified praise and she 
beamed."

"But what if Carole had hurt you?"

"Oh, she did.  Certainly enough to have had a chance to 
run away or, as she was obviously prepared to do, crush 
my throat.  I had soldiers training with me who wouldn't 
have reacted as well but I also would be wary about 
putting anyone against you in a competition.  There is 
also the question of what happens when you come up 
against someone who has a knife or gun."

"Perhaps they can demonstrate.  A volunteer to be 
attacked with a knife please - not you this time Carole.  
Let someone else have some fun too."

There were hands all round.

"Mrs Walsh.  Would you like to pick one please."

Considering the idea of a knife and how her daughter had 
behaved she picked Colin, the largest male other than 
Phillip.

I found a ruler in my school bag.  "One makeshift knife.  
Satisfactory?"

Phillip took it and grinned.  "First contact is 
considered enough of an injury okay."

Colin grinned.  "Sure."

Carole and I escorted Mrs Walsh back to the side and the 
bout started formally and then degenerated into what 
might have been considered farce.

Phillip crouched, tossing the ruler from one hand to the 
other to show the attack could come from either side but 
Colin simply ignored him and ran straight out the exit 
door.

Everyone laughed and I shushed them again.  "Colin!"

He came back in and bowed to an amused Phillip.

"What is the first rule when faced with a weapon?"

"Keep as much distance between it and you as possible."  
The answer came in unison.

"And if you can't?" asked Phillip.

"I don't say I have all the answers but I think you'll 
find these people prepared to fight every inch of the way 
instead of cowering as the killer comes closer."

Sam raised her hand.

"Yes Sam?"

"Can I have a go?"

"Can you hold off hurting his balls any more?"

Mrs Walsh gasped beside me.  "Albert!"

"Oh Mom!"

Sam grinned.  "If first touch of the ruler is a cut then 
first touch above the knee is a groin contact?"

She favoured a more ladylike term than she usually 
employed - for Mrs. Walsh's benefit.

Phillip was interested, despite the lack of actual Judo 
being used - except by Carole.

He took his place across from Sam and they bowed.  Again 
he posed, the dangerous assailant but he held back, wary 
this time.

Sam loosened her belt and let it fall to the ground; her 
jacket parted.  She didn't need to wear a bra yet though 
she could have so she didn't.  At the same time, when we 
practised she went shirtless under her judogi because she 
enjoyed the rough fabric rubbing over her nipples.

There was nothing to see through the loose opening of her 
jacket but those who could looked anyway.  Sam released 
her pants and stepped out of them.  She held one leg in 
each hand and moved forward.

Again a gasp and again a response from Carole.  "Mum you 
see more at the beach!"

Sam feinted to one side then, crossing her arms, flipped 
the pants over Phillip's arm and then spread her arms 
apart.  He had seen what she planned but allowed her to 
continue, seeing whether she could survive a semi-alert 
attacker.

Sam didn't have the strength to hold Phillip for long but 
the knife was briefly out of the equation.  She stepped 
backwards and Phillip found himself overextended since 
the one concession he *HAD* made was to guard his crotch 
and thighs until he had the knife free again.

Instead Sam laid him out on his stomach and kicked 
towards his throat, grounding her foot as we did in 
practice.

"Sorry, I lied.  I never intended going for your balls."

Phillip was complimentary, "And you quite likely could 
now make an effective if chilly get away."

"I can buy more clothes, another life is harder."

"Well done miss."

Phillip meant it.  He had been bested by two fifteen year 
old girls - and Colin really - because they hadn't done 
the sort of things he had been trained to expect in a 
dojo.  This was more of a commando school and he was far 
more interested in getting involved than he had been on 
the drive over here.

"I think you can get dressed now Sam."

"Indeed!"

"Oh Mom!"

"Any more Young Lady, and you can go home now.  I'm not 
so sure you will be coming back either."

"Mrs Walsh.  Perhaps I can explain something."

"What?"

I looked around the mat.

"Can I have a show of hands please of everyone who has 
been the victim of what you consider inappropriate 
touching or violent attack in say the last three years."

There were only two people on the mat out of twenty three 
without their hands up - and neither Carole or I were one 
of them.

"Put your hands down if you feel you could convince the 
person to stop, for good, if the situation happened 
again."

All the hands went down.

"Raise your hands if you *HAVE* convinced them."

Sam, Gail, and I joined Carole, one of the boys and 
another of the girls.

"You said it was nothing when you brought the note home 
saying you had been interviewed about fighting and that 
they'd decided not to discipline you."

"It *WAS* nothing - by then.  I'd dealt with it and 
that's one senior who's not going to come sniffing around 
younger girls again."

Some of the girls laughed at Carole's comment and her 
mother looked around.  "What?"

I realised that the girls might have trouble explaining 
so I, with years of experience in plain speaking, leaned 
towards the woman who I could consider to be either 
twenty odd years older or twenty odd years younger than 
me - at the same time.

"He was pressing his fingers into the crotch of some of 
the girls' panties  - and pretending to on others - then 
raising his fingers to his nose and making crude 
comments.  The punishment fit the crime when he had his 
nose broken."

"Who did that to him?"

"O-oh Mom!"

Mrs. Walsh had trouble putting the pieces together 
obviously.

"You broke his nose!?"

"And she has quite a fan club on the strength of it," I 
pointed out.

"Carole, do you think your mother would be interested in 
learning to defend herself?"

Carole was shocked at the idea of her mother joining the 
class but I knew I could use the fact it was a school 
club to prevent that.  It was part reverse psychology and 
part making her feel welcome even if we didn't really 
want her so she wouldn't stop Carole joining in.  If she 
really did want to learn then I might have to start an 
adult class.

Mrs. Walsh looked doubtful so I suggested she come along 
with Carole a few more times to get a better idea of what 
we did since tonight was definitely not a typical class.

That went down better with her and, behind her back, with 
Carole as well.

I suggested we practise another throw that Carole could 
have used on Phillip and left it for one partner to start 
with an arm lock around their necks and try to escape 
using only a throw or a trip.

"Turn away from where you are being choked and into the 
bend of their arm.  Remember if this was an attack and 
you couldn't breathe you don't panic but make your attack 
count."

Normally I would have added something like, "If you get 
them off balance they will have to do something or you 
will both fall and if you can't do a proper throw that 
leaves you in charge then aim to land on top of them so 
you can use a shoulder or an elbow to wind them.  If you 
can't throw them then you have your hands free to attack.  
A fingernail in an eye is going to have them wanting to 
get away though not without doing something to you first 
so if you do have to dig in don't be squeamish."

I thought that would spoil the little goodwill Mrs Walsh 
might still have for the training.

Phillip took my phone number and left his with a promise 
he would see if he could track down anyone at all 
suitable in the area and see if they were willing to 
assist with Judo *OR* my extra training.

"Not that you need much assistance, and I'm inclined to 
leave you in charge with the other person more as a 
mentor than an instructor.  You've got a tight knit group 
who are loyal to you by the looks of things and I 
wouldn't like to see that change."

---

As Sam finished putting a share of the mats away she 
sidled up to me.

"Was I distracting enough?"

"To everyone.  You did a good job."

"Do I get a reward then?"

I smiled. Any excuse for a kiss - or none.

Sam had more in mind though.  She let her belt fall to 
the ground as she draped her arms around my neck.

"Oops.  Perhaps you can pick that up for me."

Which involved me passing by her chest twice.

If she was bluffing, she lost.  If she was hoping to see 
me lose my cool, she lost again.

As I bent down I planted a kiss on one breast and on the 
way up I did the same on the other then I pulled her top 
shut and wrapped her belt around her waist again.

"I'd suggest you should be wearing a sports bra at least 
but then I wouldn't be able to do that."

"Sports bra?  What's that?"

Something a few years off apparently!

"It doesn't matter.  You want to get changed and we can 
walk home?"

"We" were Gavin, Sam and myself - the Three Amigos in an 
era when Cisco and Pancho were still household names.  
Occasionally - like tonight - two or three of the other 
girls would walk with us as a group part of the way.

Kids our age could travel along the streets in the early 
evening with little danger while at the same time men 
from a very early age saw women - from a similarly early 
age - as their playthings and it was difficult for the 
girls especially to get support from an institutional 
mentality that said, "You must have encouraged them."

Carole went home with her mother but Gail joined us as 
did Janine, Mary Kate, Sue and Rosemary.

Gail teased Sam a little about her striptease for Phillip 
but it was only to warm her up for her next dig.

"So what was the reason for distracting Albert when we 
were packing up?  He seemed to take a very long time 
bending down and standing up."

"Or not long enough," Sam responded and the other girls 
laughed, obviously aware of what we had been doing, if 
only second hand.

"So are you two dating of anything?"

I let Sam answer, smiling to show I had no problems with 
however she might describe us.

"Not actually dating and not a lot of anything but what 
there is is nice."

I nodded.

"What sort of nice?"

I decided Sam could only benefit from the hint of 
naughtiness among friends who weren't going to slander 
her reputation.

"W-e-l-l," I moved close to Sam and she welcomed my kiss.  
Once again, we started simple and let things warm up.  
Unseen by the others she let the back of her hand rub 
across my penis until I grew hard.

"I'd have to say *I* think that is pretty nice.  I 
pressed my lips against Sam's as a completion to the 
kiss.

"It was, wasn't it," Sam agreed.

"That looked so hot.  Just like in the movies."

"Can you add that to our classes?" asked Gavin and I 
wondered who he saw himself kissing.

"Oh, yes please - with plenty of homework!"

"You know what the numbers are like Rosemary.  Who was 
*YOUR* partner during practice today?"

"Oh, Stephanie.  Still if you showed me how to do it, it 
might be worth having to practise with a girl."

"Ee-uw!"

"What's the problem?" I asked.  "How is a girl's mouth 
different from a boys?  I bet you wouldn't even be able 
to tell the difference and if you were in love you 
certainly wouldn't care."

"But that's not right.  Men and women are supposed to be 
together!"

"That's okay if your brain is wired up to say you are a 
boy and your body matches or the other way around.  
People are still people regardless of who they find 
loveable and I can't see why we can't all accept that and 
learn to live in harmony."

It was an unusual outlook at the time - except for the 
"live in harmony"; certainly among our peers.  There were 
pockets where sexual orientation wasn't a reason for 
abuse but we were mainstream America.

"You say that but you wouldn't kiss a boy.  You wouldn't 
think Gavin's mouth was the same as mine!"

"That sounds like a challenge or are you just hoping for 
a kiss too?"

Mary Kate turned her face towards her feet.  "Maybe."

"They can't kiss out here anyway," said Sue.  "If someone 
sees there will be hell to pay.  Albert might not see a 
problem but plenty of others do and we can't fight them 
all."

"That is true Sue but that doesn't mean we can't provide 
a softer view when people preach violence."

"I *WAS* going to suggest you all come over to my house 
on Saturday afternoon.  Mom has a late shift and my 
brother is going to our Dad's for the weekend so we could 
all get together and maybe Albert and Gavin can teach us 
how to kiss properly."

The suggestion met general approval as did not spreading 
the news further.

"It's not a party; just some friends getting together."

"You're our hostess Sue," I agreed.  "You are the one to 
say who is invited and who isn't, okay everyone?"

I had enough influence as a leader to get everyone's 
agreement  - though that might only have been because six 
girls and two boys worked out better for them than 
nineteen girls and four boys especially if all the girls 
wanted to get some personal tuition from me.

*********************************************************
