Erotica Society
by MusingsofPan

A group devoted to acting out erotic scenes.

Author's Note: All people in Society Erotica are over 18 years old.

My name is Jennifer, but don't tell anyone. Here I am known as Samantha. You see everyone takes a new identity when they come here. We all wear masks. That way we can do the spicy naughty things we want to do but are not allowed by social norms.

I first learned about the Society from my friend Patty. We were talking one day about skimpy fashions and how much fun it is to tease men by accidentally showing more than is proper. Comparing stories about how far each of us has gone. I was getting flushed telling how my swim suit top came off in the pool when Patty said, "This really turns you on doesn't it."

I had to admit she was right. I enjoy showing myself to people, especially men. I love the excitement of doing something so naughty and I love being the center of attention. When I am showing I am the Queen!

On hearing how I love to have "accidental" clothing slips, Patty told me about the Erotica Society where members act out favorite scenes from erotic fiction. She explained that the identity of all members is concealed so they are free to act out fantasies without fear of social consequences. It sounded wonderful. A chance to be me.

Patty offered to take me to the meeting the next Thursday.

Thursday evening Patty picked me up in a cab and we proceeded to a nondescript building in the business section of the city. There was no sign outside to identify the business. We walked into a clean lobby with elevators on one side and a guard seated behind a desk on the other. Patty showed him a card and I was surprised to hear the guard greet her as Ms. Margaret. Patty introduced me as Samantha who is here for the first time. The guard consulted his list and said, "Welcome Ms. Samantha, I hope you will enjoy your evening with us."

Instead of going to the elevators Patty led the way to a door at the end of the lobby which the guard unlocked by pushing a button. Inside was a hallway with doors on both sides. She tried the first two finding them locked before opening the third. Once inside she turned the lock and from her bag produced two very sexy masks. "This is where we hide our identities. Some change clothes but I find just the mask is enough. Besides, our clothes may not stay on."

Patty explained that every member performs in an enactment of favorite scenes from time to time. Tonight we would be watching but be prepared for anything. After the performance there will be a social hour which can get a bit naughty. On impulse I took off my bra but left my shirt on. Patty smiled then reached under her skirt and pulled off her panties.

From the changing room we went down the hall to a door which opened to a small theater. It was beautifully decorated in the 1920s theater style with comfortable chairs, a patterned carpet, and plaster figures on the walls. There was room for perhaps two dozen in the audience and a small raised stage which held a sofa.

Most of the chairs were occupied by men and women, all well dressed and in masks. The men were all in suits and ties. Some of the women had very elegant and revealing gowns while others were in nice evening wear. We were able to find two empty chairs together. We had not been seated long when a man took the stage and announced that we would be seeing s scene from "Travelers" by Janis Maur.

A pretty woman dressed in a blue mid thigh length skirt, white scoop neck top and blue mask entered the stage from the side and after looking around to find a seat settled on the sofa. She opened a magazine she had taken from her bag when an offstage voice announced, "Train to Cleveland leaving in one hour."

A good looking man about thirty walked in looking around, obviously also waiting. He walked back and forth in front of the woman looking at her as he passed. She glanced over her magazine and let her legs fall open as he passed. He stopped and looked at her. Then he sat on the floor in front of her. I was definitely feeling a tingle between my legs.

AS the man scooted closer she opened her legs wider. He reached under her skirt with both hands and started pulling her panties off. She raised her hips. When the panties were off the man leaned in close between her legs. She grasped his head and pulled it into her.

He was obviously licking her cunt and she was laying back moaning. He reached up and cupped a boob with his hand so she pulled down the neck of her top to bare both boobs. As he licked her cunt and pulled her nipple she stiffened and shook with an orgasm. I was breathing hard.

The man stood while the woman remained as she was, skirt pulled up and legs wide open toward the audience. He lowered his pants revealing a very beautiful erect cock. She took it in her hand admiring it for a moment before sliding her mouth around it.

After a few minutes of the blow job he pulled back and raised her to a standing position by putting his hands under her boobs and pulling up. He turned her towards the sofa and had her bend over with hands on the sofa and boobs dangling. Moving behind her he flipped her skirt over her back and placed his cock at her vagina.

As they started a slow fuck I looked around and saw almost everyone, women and men, rubbing their crotches. Patty had her hand up her skirt. I joined them and found my cunt was very wet.

The couple on stage both came with spasms and moans. They rearranged their clothes just as the announcer voice said, "Train for Cleveland now boarding."

After the applause the man who announced the performance again took the stage. "Thanks to Annabel and Carl for a great performance. Now I have the pleasure of introducing two people here for the first time. Would Samantha and Ted please come up on stage."

I did not expect this but everyone was clapping so I got up and found myself walking to the stage with an attractive man about my age. On stage we smiled and bowed. When the audience was quiet our announcer continued, "We at the Society Erotica welcome you. We are very glad to have you here and hope that you will become members. Becoming members requires a very simple task on stage here. You must each strip the other and then bring the other to orgasm with your hands. Are you ready to do this?"

The thought of doing that in front of an audience made me very excited. I realized that this is what I really want to do so I nodded. Ted looked surprised but seeing my acceptance nodded. We turned to each other and both started unbuttoning shirts. When mine came off I turned to the audience and moved my torso back and forth to make my boobs wiggle. I was enjoying this.

We both took our shoes off. Then I unbuckled Ted's belt, pulled down his zipper and lowered his trousers to the floor. He stepped out of them and lifted my skirt above my waist exposing my panties. The audience applauded.

Ted had my skirt off quickly so we were both in our underwear but his had a large bulge in the front. He pulled my panties off. Then I stood in front of him, back to the audience, and bent at the waist to give them a good show while I eased down his shorts. His cock sprang free and swung toward my face.

Both of us were so worked up that I knew it would not take long to cum. We sat on the sofa, me with my legs apart towards the audience. I took his cock moving my hand up and down with special attention to the underside of the head. He moved his hand down my split and inserted two fingers in me while his thumb went around and around my clit. I was so excited that when he stiffened and his white cum came spurting I had an intense over orgasm. It was super intense with all the people watching.

When we came to our senses the audience was clapping so we stood and took a naked bow.

Ted and I stayed naked for the social hour and several of the other members took off their clothes. Many congratulated us on a fine performance and welcomed us to the Society. I am sure this is a club I will enjoy.
