Karen and Michelles Sad Story Part 1 Chapter 37
By Redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com

Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.


Chapter 37, The Sisters Cum All Night

The next morning Karen was silently shaken awake.  When she finally opened her eyes, she found her self looking into Aprils deep brown eyes.  April reached in and ran a hand gently down Karens face and then took her hand and pulled her up saying, Good morning sunshine.  We need to get busy and get breakfast ready for our boys.

Karen finally woke up, smiled and asked, So you definitely are going to join?

April answered, God yes.  After last night there is absolutely no way you can keep me from being a sister and having all of these wonderful men at my disposal.

Karen laughed and said, Okay then, lets go get breakfast started and we can talk while were at it.

The two girls went down stairs and quickly began to fix breakfast for their fraternity brothers.  Karen said, Ive already talked with Darren and Jack and they agreed that you should be president of the sisters.
 
April gasped and exclaimed, Me president but you should be president.

Karen giggled at the astonished look on Aprils face. She said, There is just one problem with that.  Im not currently a student and so cant join a student organization.  Ill be the primary recruiter and Sergeant of Arms until we recruit enough sisters, but you will be the President.  We want to have about five girls join each semester if possible.  And you and I are the ones that will need to find them.  Then we have to come up with a plan for rush week and an initiation ceremony.

April continued helping to prepare breakfast listening in silence and thinking.  After several minutes of silence between them, she heard Karen say, By the way, I like the new look this morning.  She was confused for a minute and then looked down and saw that she was naked as the day she was born.  The look of shock on her face and the deep red blush from head to toe was priceless.  She heard Karen add, It suits you.

April got a smile on her face and answered back, Well if Im going to be a fuck bunny for all these dear boys, what better way to advertise?

They both broke out laughing and were suddenly brought back to reality by a loud, Oh my god from the entrance to the kitchen.  When they both turned they saw several of the frat brothers standing there like deer in headlights.  Karen finally got their attention and asked, Are you guys just going to stand there gawking all day or do you want some breakfast.

One of the ones in the back answered, I could stand here forever.  I think I died and went to heaven.  That seemed to break the ice and the guys came in and sat at the table as the girls started serving them breakfast giggling.  They felt an occasional hand caress and knead there ass cheeks.  One got bold enough to reach in between Karens thighs and put a finger in her cunt.  Karen froze and spread her legs a bit to give him better access.  She groaned in pleasure and then after a moment moved on.  The other guys noticed what happened and the feels became more aggressive with more and more trying to cop a feel of both girls.  When one of the guys got his hand on Aprils cunt, she took her cue from what she saw Karen do and spread her legs to allow for better access.  As the guys that had classes left and new ones came in, the new ones picked up on what was going on and continued.  After about twenty minutes of almost constant stimulation, both girls were at the precipice of a massive orgasm.  When Darren and Jack came in they saw what was going on and that the girls werent protesting in any way.  They sat down and when Karen brought Darrens and April brought Jacks breakfast they reached over and fucked the two girls with their fingers.  The two guys looked at each other and without saying a word both leaned in at the same time and sucked on their girls clit.  Both girls screamed out in ecstasy as they came at almost the same time.  When they came back down to earth they heard applause and cheers from all of the boys left in the house.

Darren quipped, Now that is what I call service with a smile.  And everyone started laughing again.  

Karen announced, Alright guys, the funs over.  You all have classes to go to and I dont want us sisters to be the cause of any of you flunking out.  I tell you what, if every brother in the fraternity gets a 3.0 or better average on their grades at the end of the semester then we will make this permanent.  But at any time one brothers grades fall below that, the clothes go back on.

Darren quickly answered, Well have to put that up to a vote but I can already tell you that Im pretty sure it will be unanimous.  So do we get to have the pleasure of seeing you girls like this until the end of the semester?

Karen looked over at April who shook her head yes and answered, Thats a deal.  But remember, if one of you falls below that grade point average on any semester, that brother will end it for everyone until everyones GPA is back above it.  April looked at Darren and said, And I accept.

Darren looked confused for a minute until he remembered his and Karens conversation and he asked, So youll be president of the sisters then?

April shook her head yes and Darren got up and gave her a big hug.  He took her by the shoulders and looked her in the eyes and said, Thank you.  You just tell me what you need and Ill make sure you have it.  As president of the fraternity, you and I will be working very closely on this.  Just so you know, I have already submitted the application to make the sisters an officially recognized group on campus.  We just need a couple of more members.  They want at least three signatures from members of the organization and since Karen isnt enrolled in school, that means we have to recruit some more girls.

Karen smiled and answered, You leave that to us.  I think that by the end of February we will have the number we need to get started.  I thought that we would set a limit of five new girls each semester.  It shouldnt be too hard with a school as large as this.  Now get going and leave the recruiting and planning to us.

From that day forward, Karen and April became almost inseparable.  Both girls had been so starved for a real friend that once they really found one they werent going to give them up.  Karen taught April what traits to look for in a girl that indicated she would be an ideal candidate.  When they found them, they would befriend them and help turn them from the mousy student hiding from the world and wishing for the world to notice them.  They would then turn them into the beautiful swans they truly were and just as with April, they would turn them on to sex.  Darren became the preferred suitor as he was so skilled at taking the girls cherries without them being hurt. 

During this time, April had been thinking about what kinds of activities they should do for the girls initiation and hell week.  Finally she thought she had a good plan and when she discussed it with Karen, Karen only had had one thing she wanted to add.  At first April refused but Karen asked her to try it at least once before deciding.  After a lot of arguing back and forth, April finally agreed to give it a try with the understanding that if she didnt like it, then it would never be brought up again.

It was early March then and Karen had finally gotten her two dogs trained as she wanted them.  They now went to the bathroom outdoors and they had learned how to fuck on command and to allow a girl to suck them while lying on their backs.  She decided that she and April would put on a private little show for Darren and Jack.  

On that Saturday afternoon, Darren and Jack wined and dined both girls like they had the night they took Aprils virginity.  April, knowing what was coming was just as nervous this time as she was that first time.  Finally the time came and they went to Karens room.  As they entered Karen whispered in her ear, Just follow my lead.  We will do this together so youll know that I am willing to do what I suggested to you.

April just nodded her head yes because she was too nervous to say anything.  When they closed and locked the door to the room, the two guys sat down in the chairs and Karen led April to the bathroom to strip.  While there, Karen gave April a small glass of brandy to help calm her nerves.  After a second glass, she asked, Are you ready?

April shook her head and squeaked, Yes, its now or never.

The two girls left the bathroom and went to the center of the room where they knelt in the slaves position facing each other.  Karen called Duke and April called Baron.  The dogs came to the person that called them and both girls ordered, Suck at the same time.  The two dogs lied down on their back in front of the girl that had called them.  April watched as Karen reached down and started to massage Dukes sheath and copied her exact actions. 

Karen watched April and Baron as she gently masturbated Dukes cock.  When she saw that Barons cock had come out of its sheath far enough, she leaned in and took Dukes cock into her mouth.  April followed suit and did the same with Baron.  For the next few minutes they sucked the dogs cocks until Karen thought they were ready.  She stopped and ordered, Duke fuck. 

April paused a few moments as she watched Duke get up and go behind Karen.  She watched in amazement as he jumped up on Karens back.  She saw Karen reach back and help guide Dukes cock into her cunt and was amazed at the look of shear ecstasy on her face when it was obvious that the dog was fucking her.  Finally she overcame her nervousness and with determination to see it through ordered, Baron fuck.

Baron got up and went behind April.  She felt the heavy weight of the Saint Bernard land on her back and just like Karen she reached back and guided the cock into her dripping wet cunt.  She felt the first lunge and the rapid beastly fucking motion.  She felt the warm glow begin to spread rapidly from her cunt to the rest of her body.  She felt the dogs cock expand more and more in her cunt.  She felt something large trying to force its way in to her cunt.  Karen had told her about the knot and what to expect but it was still disconcerting at first.  She felt the knot force its way into her cunt and then begin to expand even further.  When the Knot was fully seated, it expanded and put pressure right on Aprils G spot pushing her to a massive orgasm.  She was just starting to come down from her high when she felt the heat of Barons cum flood her womb.  The heat rapidly spread and made her orgasm longer and harder.  She screamed out her pleasure as the orgasm went on and on.  

Karen was also in the throes of her orgasm at the same time.  She was amazed at Aprils reaction to the dog fucking.  She had never cum like that when she fucked her dogs.  Maybe its the newness of it she thought.  She felt Duke turn ass to ass with her and shuddered with another climax of her own.  She watched as Baron turned his ass to April and when he pulled she screamed out in another orgasm.  

The two girls were close enough that Karen reached up and pulled Aprils head forward so that she could kiss her.  They dueled tongues for a couple of minutes until they both felt a cock on either side of them against their joined cheeks.  They each looked up and Karen took Jacks cock while April took Darrens.  They sucked the guys off until each received a mouthful of cum.  Jack had been the first to cum and Karen waited until April pulled off of Darren after taking his cum in her mouth.  Karen pulled April to her and pressed her mouth to hers.  She pushed her tongue between Aprils lips and when she opened her mouth she began to push Jacks cum into Aprils mouth.  She was pleasantly surprised when she realized that April was pushing Darrens cum into her mouth at the same time.  They swapped and mixed the cum back and forth several minutes before they both swallowed the last dregs of the cum in their mouth down.  

By this time the dogs had pulled out of the girls and gone to their corners to clean up.  The two guys were so turned on again that they were rock hard.  Darren went behind April and Jack behind Karen and at the same time they sank their cocks into the girls gapping cunts to get lubrication.  They then pulled out and moved up to the girls ass holes.  While the girls continued to kiss, the two guys pushed their cocks into the girls asses.  

April screamed from the sudden entry into her tightest orifice.  She had never been taken in the ass.  Karen pulled back from her and advised her, Relax and push like youre taking a shit.  It wont hurt near as bad that way.

April did as Karen said and she felt the pain subside.  It didnt leave completely, but it wasnt overwhelmingly painful as it was before.  As Darren kept fucking her ass she felt the pain turn to pleasure and she decided to speed the process by reaching back and fingering her clit.  Karen renewed their kiss and soon both girls were cumming over and over again.  Finally Darren came and collapsed on Aprils back.  Jack soon followed suit.  

Aprils eyes were closed momentarily and when she opened them she gasped in amazement as she saw Karen turn around and take the shit covered cock that had just come out of her ass and suck it into her mouth.  She wasnt about to let Karen do something and her not so she turned and did the same.  She closed her eyes and took Darrens cock that had been in her ass and sucked it clean.  She decided that the earthy taste was tolerable.  It wasnt pleasant, but she could do it.  Once his cock was clean she kept sucking it to get it hard again.  She soon realized that he was spent and that was the end of the fun for the night.  She fell forward and lay down on the floor in a position where she and Karen were looking each other in the eyes.  She gasped out a You were right. Its part of the initiation for sure.  Karen smiled and closed her eyes.  Both girls were barely aware of the guys picking them up and putting them in the bed before they left.

The next morning when Karen and April woke up they finalized the plans for the first ever Sisters of Omega Psi pledge week.  This was the final test for the girls.  There were now five girls, including April.  She decided that even though she would be the president that she had to go through the week along with all of the other girls.  The only difference being that she knew what each day would entail.  They had decided that they would do all of the pledge week activities during spring break.  Most of the guys would be gone so the girls could have freer run of the house.  With the guys knowing what was coming, there were quite a few that decided to stay at the house during spring break.  They were all enlisted to help with the pledge week tasks

The four other girls that Karen and April found had been just like April at first.  And after their transformation and introduction to the pleasures of sex, they couldnt get enough.  They all were made fully aware of what becoming a sister of the fraternity meant and were asked to join.  They were all eagerly willing to do whatever it took.  

Spring break was the third week of March and after classes the Friday afternoon before spring break the initiates were required to show up at the fraternity house.  The only things that they were allowed to bring with them were the clothes they were wearing and a sleeping bag.  

Karen was standing with April in the assembly room of the frat house talking with Darren and Jack.  They were the only males that were in attendance as the rest of the fraternity had been asked to stay away for the week so the girls could get settled in and be put through their paces.  All of the girls already knew Darren and Jack so they were there as the leadership of the fraternity to answer any questions from them.  The first initiate showed up at four pm looking extremely nervous.  Each girl that came in looked as jittery as a deer on opening day of hunting season. They even had the deer in headlights look on their face.  Finally at around 6 pm the last of the initiates arrived.  She was late because she had almost chickened out.  

When all of the girls were present Karen announced, All initiates stand and take your place in line in the kneeling position that April takes when I call your name.  April Mathus Brenda Leough Jennifer Raines Lorraine Sanford and finally Suzie Rose.

As Karen called their names each girl came up and took their position lining up from left to right in the slaves kneeling position that Karen had been taught.  Karen had taught several present positions to April so she knew how to get into the position perfectly.  She was the first to take up her position and when Brenda came up she tried her best to copy the position that April had assumed.  Brenda was a dish water blond with bright blue eyes.  She stood about five foot five inches high and weighed about 110 pounds.  Her tits were 34C, waist 23 and hips 35.  She was working on becoming a registered nurse.  Jennifer was the next to come up and she was a redhead with piercing green eyes.  She had an abundance of freckles on her face that made her self conscious of her looks but that didnt really take away from her beauty.  She was five foot seven inches with 36D tits, a 24 waist and 36 inch hips.  She weighed 125 pounds.  She was a Chemistry major.  Lorraine was a brunette with brown eyes.  She stood five foot seven inches and weighed 120 pounds.  Her tits were 34B, with a 24 waist and 35 inch hips.  She was a Molecular Genetics major.  Finally there was Suzie.  She had dark auburn hair and was only five foot tall.  She had gray eyes that seemed to change color to what ever color she chose to wear.  She only weighed about 98 pounds and had 32B tits, a 21 waist and 33 inch hips.  She was a Physics major.  Considering that April was a Mathematics major, the sisters would have the major sciences covered.

When the girls were all lined up Karen started her speech.  All right girls.  By being here tonight you are all committing to becoming a member of Sisters of Omega Psi.  Over the next week, you may come to rethink that decision but I want you to know that there is not a better bunch of guys any where.  If you make it, it will definitely be worth it.  I can honestly tell you that these guys will not hesitate to put their lives on the line for you if you are ever in trouble.  Before we go any further though, I have asked the brothers to put in writing their commitment to you.  If you sign this contract, they are promising you that no matter what, you will never have to go anywhere without an escort for safety.  If you find yourself in trouble anywhere, then a phone call to them will bring help and assistance immediately.  This doesnt just apply to the time here at college but once you leave as well.  They are in the process of notifying all past brothers and getting their commitment to provide the same help where ever they are.  After successfully completing your pledge week, you will be given their contact information.  If you want a date then all members are available for asking unless they are already in a committed monogamous relationship.  Of course we will be discouraging any outside relationships for the safety of everyone in the fraternity and the sisters.  You will be invited to attend every major party that members of the fraternity are invited to and will be guaranteed an escort to the party.  The brothers also take pride in how their sisters look and will help you maintain your new looks and style.  They are the ones that paid for everything that has been done for you so far.  They did it because they want the smartest, sexiest and most passionate women to become their sisters.  They dont want bimbos, they want women that they can relate to and that can make them think.  Finally, they are committing to helping you find good jobs after you graduate from college using their expansive network of brothers nation wide.

In exchange for all of that, all they ask of you is to be the wonderful sexy women that you are and be there for them.  They definitely want women who enjoy and desire sex often.  You will be encouraged to have sex with the brothers as often as you like.  For your information, the brothers have all been tested for STDs and found to be clean.  When you all were taken in for your exams and scripts for birth control pills, you were also tested and found clean.  You would not be here otherwise.  By joining, you are committing to the men of this fraternity that they will be the only sexual partners that you have and they are doing the same to you.  Therefore sex with a condom is not required and believe me that is a good thing.  We sisters will also be responsible for fixing meals for the brothers, though they will have to do the cleanup afterwards. If any of you have any doubts about going through with everything at this point, you are free to leave.  

Now if no one wants to leave, Ill turn the time over to Darren and Jack for a few minutes.

Darren stood up and said, Welcome sisters. Its good to see you all again.  I am so happy that you have decided to become sisters of the fraternity.  Jack is going to hand you a written contract for you to sign.  Please read it and sign it.  It is our agreement to all of the things Karen told you.  This makes it binding.  The first thing I want you to know is that you will never be forced into having sex with any member of the fraternity.  If any of the members ever tries to force you in any way, then please come immediately to me, Jack, Karen or April.  We will immediately kick the offender out of the fraternity and have him black balled from all other fraternities.  That is of course after he is carted off to jail for rape.

As for all of the activities you go through for the next week, they have all been planned out by April.  She is the first president of the sisters by appointment.  Starting with the fall semester, you will be able to vote for your own president.  April was appointed president because she is the one most responsible for getting the sisters group off of the ground.  Karen is not a student here until next fall.  She is the fraternity house mother.  She plans to start college next fall and will officially become a sister then.  She has a rather unique story that I ask you not to try and pursue in any way.  She will tell you if she desires to but dont push it.  Because you are the first sisters to join us, April asked her to act in the capacity of recruiter and Sergeant of Arms.  She will be the primary judge, jury and executioner of any punishment that is required of the sisters.  Her counterpart in the fraternity is Jack.  While you read the contracts, Jack and I will be here to answer any questions you may have.  Once the contracts are signed, he and I will leave until tomorrow night.  All members of the fraternity have been asked to stay away during your pledge week so you will have time to adjust.  Again, welcome to the Omega Psi house.

It took the girls about twenty minutes to read through the contracts and as explained, they were all about what the fraternity would be required to do for them and nothing at all about anything that they would be required to do in return.  All of the girls signed and the two boys left.

When Darren and Jack left, Karen took a position in front of the girls and announced, The first rule of the week is that from this point onward, there will be no clothing allowed.  You have two minutes to strip and fold your clothes and get back into position.

April was the first to get up and start stripping, followed immediately by Jennifer and Lorraine.  Brenda and Suzie were still a little embarrassed about being nude in front of others and hesitated for a minute before stripping.  It was almost four minutes later that Suzie finally resumed the kneeling position.

Once they were all back in position Karen announced, The following rules are in effect until the end of the initiation week.  Nudity is required inside the house at all times, even when the guys are here.  They have graciously given you tonight to adjust.  During this next week, any member of the fraternity can make a reasonable request of you.  A reasonable request includes intimate fondling of your tits, pussy and anus.  They must first ask your permission but you are required to agree as long as the request is within reason.  If you feel that a request is unreasonable, bring it to Darren, Jack or myself.  We will adjudicate the dispute and the losing party to the adjudication will be paddled naked in the middle of the assembly area for violating the rules so make sure that if you protest a reasonable request that you are absolutely sure.  Punishment for making a false protest will be twenty swats with the paddle.  The brothers cant ask you for sex in any way during the pledge week.  If they do then they will receive the same punishment.  You may at any time request that any of the brothers have sex with you however, though I think you will get your fill during the activities we have planned for you.  When you leave the house during the day, you will wear the T-shirt and shorts that you will find in the room you will be staying in.  At night you will be required to go out nude.  You will be sent out on errands as part of your pledge week, all oriented toward preparing you for the initiation ceremony next Friday.  

One thing to understand is that any task will be given a time limit and there will be punishment for anyone that is late.  That includes tonight.  The more you work together as a team, the better and easier it will be for you.   We expect you to get to know each other and be the closest of friends.  All of you are more alike than youll ever know and if you give each other a chance, I think youll come to love one another very much.  Please remember that you are all equals and that even though April is your president, she gets no special treatment.  She is your advocate and representation on the fraternity leadership council.  If some day you are elected president, please keep that in mind.  

Now here are a few other rules you need to know for this week.  I am everything to you.  If I say do it, you dont hesitate.  If I tell you to jump, you jump.  If I tell you to walk out in the middle of a busy street naked and take a piss in the middle of the street, then you do it.  No is not in your vocabulary.  You may not speak unless acknowledged.  If you want to ask a question then come to me and assume the position you are in now and wait to be acknowledged.  You are not permitted to speak until then.  You will call me mistress so if the answer is yes then say yes mistress or no mistress if it is no.  I promise that you will never be injured but I also promise that you will be humiliated beyond belief.  The whole goal of the week is to make you comfortable with your bodies and get rid of all of the hang-ups and inhibitions that you have grown up with.  

Now when we told you about the time you were supposed to be here for the beginning of your pledge week, what time did I say?

Suzie quickly spoke up and said, five pm mistress.

Karen acted angry and yelled, Did I call on you to speak pledge Suzie?  Are you stupid?  Are you hard of hearing?  I sure dont remember giving you permission to speak.  Now Jennifer, what time did I tell everyone to be here by?

Jennifer answered shaking from a combination of fear and nervousness, Five pm mistress.

And what time did you get here tonight Lorraine? asked Karen.

Lorraine stuttered out, Sssix pm mistress

Karen asked, And was there a good reason for you to be late pledge Rainey

Lorraine answered, No mistress, I was afraid and nervous about what becoming a sister might mean.  I wasnt sure whether or not I could do everything that is expected.

Karen nodded her head in understanding and pushed her, So you were afraid and nervous but you decided you wanted to do this any way no matter what, isnt that correct?

Lorraine answered, Yes mistress.  I made my decision and I am prepared to do what ever it takes.  I am still afraid and very nervous, but I think that is a good thing.

Karen answered with a smile, I think youre right.  Any of you that are undertaking this without a bit of fear and nervousness should question yourselves as to why that is.  But the bottom line was that you were late Rainey werent you?

Lorraine answered, Yes mistress.

The punishment for arriving an hour late is ten swats.  The punishment for Suzie speaking out of turn is five swats.  The punishment for not stripping and folding your clothes in the two minutes provided is five for each minute for a total of ten swats.  One thing I want you to remember is that if one is punished, all are punished.  So if I have my math right, each of you will start the night with 25 swats with the paddle.  April, youre the math major.  Do you agree that 25 is the right number of swats to administer?

April stuttered, Yyyes mistress.

Karen continued, The reason you are all being punished together when one of you makes a mistake is that you are all a team.  So we want you supporting each other and encouraging each other.  If one of you fails, then all of you fail. So if you see that one of your sisters is about to fail at something, then you better go out of your way to help her.  Any one being found to refuse to help a sister will be subject to twice the punishment for the first offense, three times for the second offense and dismissal for the third.  If you are dismissed from the group then the contract you signed with the brothers is null and void if you remember what you read.  

Now when you are punished, you will count each swat and thank the one punishing you.  If you fail to count the swat doesnt count.  If you fail to thank the punisher the swat doesnt count.  If you move out of the punishment position the swat doesnt count.  There will be times that one of you may be asked to punish another. Dont take it personally if you are punished by a fellow pledge.  You may find that your positions are switched the next time.  April, you will be the first to be punished, please step forward and assume the correct punishment position.

April got up and moved in front of the other pledges and standing so that they had a side view, she bent over and grabbed her ankles while keeping her knees straight.  When she was in position she said, Mistress, pledge April is prepared to receive her punishment.  Please give pledge April the punishment that she has earned.

Karen swung the paddle, hitting Aprils left ass cheek.  April squealed in pain and after a pause, counted One, thank you Mistress Karen.  Please may I have another.  Karen swung the paddle again and hit her right ass cheek this time.  April counted it as well.  Karen paddled April alternating cheeks until they reached 25.  April was crying and sobbing hard as she went back to her position in line.  All of the initiates took their turns and only two had to repeat any swats.

When the last of the pledges was kneeling back in line Karen announced, Okay ladies, I hope you ate something before you came because there is not going to be anything to eat until the sun comes up tomorrow.  You all were asked to bring sleeping bags with you.  We will only need three of them.  The following pledges will pair off.  You will spend the night in the same sleeping bag as your partner with the zipper closed.  The goal for tonight is to make your partner cum as many times as possible.  Pledge April and I did this task last weekend with Darren counting the orgasms.  We each will watch one pair of you and count your orgasms throughout the night.  When the sun comes up in the morning we will compare the results.  The pair with the lowest number of cums will receive 15 swats from the pair with the greatest number of cums.  I know it will be tempting to try and fake a cum, but rest assured that April and I know how to spot a fake from a real one.  We encourage you to be vocal during your cums as it will make it less likely that we will miss one.  There will be no sleeping allowed so dont even try.  There will be toys available in the room for you to use as an assist.  The only requirement is that you both must be zipped up in the sleeping bag.  Suzie and Jennifer will be one pair and Lorraine and Brenda will be the other.  You are now released to go up to my room and get ready.  The cumming will commence when you are all ready.  Please make sure that you apply the salve in the bathroom to your back sides.  It will relieve some of the pain.

The girls got up and ran upstairs to Karens room.  They went into the bathroom and started cleaning.  Only Suzie stopped briefly to look at the items on top of the dresser.  She picked up a vibrating dildo, two pairs of ben wa balls and a rabbit vibrator.  She put them with her sleeping bag and joined the others in the bathroom. 

They all quickly cleaned up and took care of business.  There was a palpable silence in the room as they were all afraid to talk to each other.  They would all do anything to avoid another spanking.  In about fifteen minutes they were all back in the bedroom kneeling at the foot of the bed waiting for Karen to enter.

Karen finally came in the room and announced, April, will you take the boys to Darrens room.  I think they may get a little hyper if we leave them in here.  Now for the rest of you sluts, Ill give you five minutes to look through the toys and select what you want to use on each other.  Now go.

Suzie grabbed Jennifer and pulled her over to her sleeping bag and showed her the items she had selected earlier. Jennifer smiled and shook her head in agreement then turned and went to the table anyway out of curiosity to see if there was anything that might strike her fancy.

When she got up to the table she saw Brenda and Lorraine looking at the stuff with frustration.  Brenda grumbled, Theres not much here thats useful.  About the only thing that I would think of using is the dildo.  She reached over and grabbed it when she saw Jennifer standing there. 

Lorraine had picked up a little square box with a couple of dials on it with three wires coming from it with alligator clips on the end.  She held the end of the clip and turned the box on at the minimum setting.  She felt a mild stimulation that caused her fingers to tingle.  She thought that it might have some possibilities.  She thought for a minute looking at the other stuff on the dresser and picked up a chain that had an alligator clip on both ends.  She smiled and went back to the end of the bed and joined Suzie kneeling on the floor at the foot of the bed.  Jennifer decided that she didnt see anything that struck her fancy and went back and knelt beside Suzie.  Brenda finally picked up a tube of lubricant that said it would enhance your sex life.  She figured that she could try it on the dildo, though she didnt think it would work.  She turned and went back to kneel by Brenda.  

Karen announced, Now that you sluts have your toys, it is time to get started.  Time starts now and doesnt end until the sun rises.  Remember, the team with the most orgasms gets to spank the losing team.  No sleeping allowed tonight.  You will be spanked on the spot if we see you fall asleep.  So get to it and good cumming.  Karen looked at April and they grinned at each other.  And then they turned their attention to the girls.  Karen watched Suzie and Jennifer and April watched Brenda and Lorraine.

Suzie picked up her sleeping bag and rolled it out.  She picked up the two sets of ben wa balls and handed a pair to Jennifer and said, Put these in your cunt.  Ive got a pair at home.  If you keep trying to move them around with your cunt it will help keep you stimulated.  I figure we can use the dildo and the rabbit to help stimulate other areas.  

Both Suzie and Jennifer put two ben wa balls in their cunts and crawled in to the sleeping bag.  Suzie gave Jennifer the dildo and she kept the rabbit.  She flipped the switch on the rabbit and put it on top of Jennifers clit while she leaned in and locked herself into a deep passionate French kiss with her partner.

At the same time, Brenda laid out her sleeping bag and crawled in with her dildo and tube of lubricant.  Lorraine crawled in after her and turned in the bag facing her.  She whispered, Brenda, this little gizmo is going to help us win.  Itll hurt like hell at first, but it will quickly stimulate us like nothing else.  Do you trust me?

Brenda let out a little giggle as she said, I met you less than an hour ago and were now naked, zipped up together in a sleeping bag and getting ready to make each other cum so much we wont know which end is up.  Whats not to trust?  Just do it.

Lorraine picked up the chain with the clips and reached down and started playing with Brendas clit.  When it started to expand she pinched it and lightly drug her fingernails over it.  Brenda was moaning in pleasure from the stimulation. When she felt it stay the same size for a while she put one of the alligator clips on it eliciting a short squeal of pain from Brenda.  She repeated the process on her clit and attached the clip on the other end of the chain on her clit.  She picked up the box and attached the longest wire to the chain connecting their clits.  She reached over and began to pinch and pull on Brendas nipple closest to the ground.  When it was full length, she attached one of the wires, again getting a squeal of pain.  She repeated the process on her opposing tit with the other wire.  She set one of the dials at the one setting and the other dial at 20 seconds.  When the buzzing started, they both moaned from the pleasure of the electrical stimulation.  The level was just right to produce wondrous pleasure and make the underlying muscles to twitch lightly which caused a small amount of pain but not enough to override the pleasure they were receiving.  

The two girls locked into a deep kiss and began a battle with each others tongue.  Lorraine reached over and began tweaking Brendas nipple that was untouched and that was enough to send her into a mild orgasm.  When it subsided Brenda reached up and did the same to Lorraines free nipple and it produced the same result.  While Lorraine was coming down from her cum, Brenda reached behind her and grabbed the dildo and the lube.  She smeared a bit of the lube on the dildo and asked Lorraine to fuck her cunt with it.  Lorraine happily obliged and began forcing the dildo in and out of Brendas cunt.  Brenda felt the additional stimulation of the dildo and soon her cunt was warming up like it never had before.  The stimulation kept pushing her higher and higher more quickly than she had ever done before.  She tripped over into an orgasm and was just starting to come down when the electrical stimulation turned on.  It pushed her into an even higher cum and held her there for twenty seconds.  When the stimulation stopped she started to come down but only a little.  It seemed to her that she had been coming forever.  The Electrical stimulation turned on again and she screamed out in the most powerful orgasm of her life.  She passed out after five seconds.  Lorraine smiled and turned off the box and began to try and wake her partner up.  

At the same time that Brenda and Lorraine were getting started, Suzie and Jennifer were busy as well.  Suzie had already had one orgasm and was heading into a second when Jen pushed the vibrating dildo into her partners ass.  That was enough to push her over the edge. When Suzie came down she redoubled her efforts to bring her partner to her second orgasm by getting down and nibbling on her nipples while using the rabbit up and down her cunt.  She soon had her partner screaming out her orgasm as well.  

When Brenda recovered from her orgasm, she had Lorraine pull the dildo out and smear some lubricant on it.  Brenda took it and said, Get ready for the cum of your life, and sunk the dildo in to her cunt.  She soon had Lorraine screaming in pleasure in orgasm after orgasm.  Unlike Brenda who only had three, Lorraines cums would hit for a few seconds and then abate, hit again for a few seconds and then abate.  Each succeeding orgasm was more intense than the previous, but only by a small margin.  She came and came and came again.  By the time she got to the point where she passed out, she had experience 13 deliciously short but tremendously pleasurable orgasms.  

Karen and April watched in awe of Lorraines ability to cum.  Karen had seen a lot of girls cumming over and over, but none of them held a candle to Lorraine.  The score after the first hour was 18 cums for Brenda and Lorraine but only 4 for Suzie and Jennifer.

That was the way things went for the rest of the night.  When the light of the approaching dawn flooded the room, Karen called an end to the nights activities. Brenda and Lorraine had amassed 53 cums with Brenda supplying a good even dozen and Lorraine the rest.  Suzie and Jennifer didnt fair near as well with only achieving a combined total of 21 cums by morning.  Karen pulled out an envelope and handed it to Brenda who was the only one that seemed to be even half way awake.  Karen announced, Alright you sluts, the score is 53 to 21.  Brenda, if youll open that sealed and signed envelope, youll have the number of cums that April and I had.  We were so out of it when Darren recorded it that we dont even know.

Brenda quickly ripped the envelope open and read 32 and after a moments pause, squealed in excitement that they had won. Lorraine just stood there in an embrace with Brenda while she jumped up and down in excitement.

Karen let them enjoy their victory for a few moments and then said, I do believe that the winners now get to paddle the losers.  Suzie and Jennifer, get on your knees and lay across the bed.  

While they were getting into position, April had pulled two paddles out from under the bed and handed them to Brenda and Lorraine.  Brenda moved to the left of Suzie and Lorraine, who was left handed, moved to the right of Jennifer. 

Karen said, Okay girls, when I say go just give them 15 quick successive swats.  No need for them to count as theyre too tired for that now.  On your mark, get set, and go.  The two winners started spanking the two losers.  By the tenth swat, Jennifer had a massive orgasm followed by an even more powerful one on the fifteenth that caused her to pass out.

Karen smiled at Brenda and Lorraine and said, Youre lucky that Suzie didnt try spanking her partner.  Jen could have given you a run for your money the way she cums from being paddled. Any way, we have a busy night tonight so all of you get some sleep.


This is end of Chapter 37.
   
Please e-mail comments to 
redlegtiger@hotmail.com 

or visit my blog at My Blog URL:  
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story.  I am always looking for ideas and invite suggestions.  If you are reading this on Storiesonline or BDSM and like the story please vote and comment.  



Redlegtiger 

