Brian POV

We get up off the couch to go take a shower. God, it is amazing to have him home. We still have to collect all his things from Daphne’s place, but that can wait. Right now, I want him, again. I can’t get enough of touching him, like I have to make sure he is real, he is here. He is home.

We wash each other, just touching and reacquainting ourselves with each other’s body. We’re both hard, and suddenly, I can’t wait anymore; I want inside him again. I turn him around and push him against the wall, gently. I take the condom that’s always in the soap dish and roll it on. When I look at him again, he has three fingers in his own ass, preparing himself for me. Fuck, that’s hot; I love it when he does that.

“Fuck, Justin.”

I can hear the husky quality of my voice as I pull his fingers out of his ass, line up and push in all the way in one go. I stop to give him time to adjust, but he pushes back against me.

“Brian, move, please.”

I start moving in and out slowly, but he grabs a hold of my thigh and presses me against him faster and harder. I’m not about to object, and speed up my hips. I still can’t believe that he’s home, I’m home, in him. I turn his head and kiss him deeply, if a little awkwardly at this angle, but I just need as much contact as humanly possible. One hand has a firm grip on his hip, the other is roaming his torso, teasing a nipple, or carting through his pubic hair. We are both panting into the kiss, and soon, I can hear in his breathing that he’s close. I grab a hold of his cock and pump it in time with my hips, and soon, he’s cumming over my hand. That, combined with the squeezing of my cock in his ass, sets off my own orgasm.

I collapse against him and we are both trying to catch our breath when I pull out.

“Damn, Sunshine, that was hot.”

“Yeah.”

We’re both panting still, and I can hardly stand, but I don’t think I’ve ever felt better. He’s here and we’re fine.

We get out of the shower and dry off before going back to the bedroom to put on some clothes. Thankfully, he had been out with his mother, which means he’s wearing a pair of black dress pants and a blue cashmere sweater I gave him once. He looks amazing, and when I tell him that, he smiles so brightly at me I’m almost blinded. I put on almost the same thing, except my sweater is black, of course.

We leave the loft, and on the way to the restaurant, Justin calls Daphne to tell her what’s going on and not to expect him at her place until we drop by tomorrow to pick up his things. I can tell from his side of the conversation that she’s pleased with this development and happy for him. For some fucked up reason, I’m relieved about that; I do not want to get on Daphne’s bad side.

I park the car in the parking lot in the back of the restaurant and take his hand as we walk around front. He looks at our hands and smiles a little. The waiters and hostesses all know me and I’m greeted like a VIP.

“Mr. Kinney, so nice to see you again, a table for two?”

“Actually, I was wondering if Tom is here today?”

“He’s at his usual table; I’ll ask if you can join him; just a moment, please.”

We wait for about thirty seconds before she’s back.

“You can go on; he’d be delighted to see you.”

I nod and we walk into the restaurant, towards the table closest to the kitchen; not the best table in the house, but if you want to see the chef once in a while, there is none better. Justin is a little behind me, looking around the place. I get to Tom at the table and he stands up to give me a hug. He pulls back a little and looks at me.

“You got laid; damn, Brian, did you give up hope, you stupid faggot? You promised me…”

“Tom, shut the fuck up.” I turned around and motioned for Justin to come join me. “This is Justin; Justin, this is Tom.”

Tom gaped when Justin reached his hand out to shake.

“Oh my god, it’s so good to meet you. When did you come back, or are you just visiting?”

Tom sounded a little like Emmett for a while; normally, he’s not that flaming.

“No, I’m back; I’ve been back for about a week now, actually.”

Tom looked at me.

“It’s a long, not very pleasant story. Could we get some food? I’m sure Sunshine must be famished; he’s had more exercise the last few hours than he’s used to.”

Justin backhanded me across the stomach, but he was smiling brightly at the same time.

“Yeah, wonder what it could possibly be, and whose fault it is.”

He rolled his eyes and I gave him a tongue-in-cheek smirk.

“I have no idea, Sunshine, none whatsoever.”

Tom was just looking at us with a stunned look on his face. I turn to him and lift and eyebrow.

“What?”

“I have not ever seen you this…playful before.” He turns to Justin. “He’s talked about you so much I feel like I know you already.”

The twat smiles brightly and I can see the smile hit Tom. The sunshine smile always does that; it sucks people in. I dare anybody to resist it when directed at them.

“Should we order some food, then we’ll tell you what’s happened, maybe Nick could join us?”

I wanted to distract Tom from that line of thought; I didn’t really want to go there right now.

“Sounds good.” We picked up the menus the hostess had left at the table and looked through them. When we had made up our minds, Tom signaled our waiter over and we told him what we wanted. Tom wrote a note to Nick and asked the waiter to give it to him.

Two minutes later, Nick came out of the kitchen and joined us.

“It’s great to meet you, Justin. Tom and I have heard so much about you the last couple of months. We even told Brian he was an idiot for listening to Michael and Lindsay, but then, so did Emmett and Ted.”

Nick rolled his eyes at me and I put my head down. It was true; they had all tried to tell me that I should talk to Justin about this, not just take Lindsay and Michael at their words.

“I get it; they have always been good friends to Brian; for a long time, they were his only allies. It’s hard to believe they would want anything but his best. I’d have believed them, too; I did believe Michael, after all.”

I look at Justin and I can’t believe he lets me off the hook that easily, but then, that’s Justin; he doesn’t let me get away with shit, but he does understand me better than anybody.

With that, I let Tom and Nick in on what had happened. They were both appalled at our so-called friends.

“They may have been your friends for a long time, but I hope you won’t let them get away with it as easily.”

Justin gets the scariest look on his face, and I wouldn’t want to be Lindz or Mikey right now; fuck, he’s mad.

“Oh, hell no, they are going to get a large uncensored piece of my fucking mind just as soon as I find out what the fuck they thought they were doing, and if they really believed it would work.”

“Yeah, I want to know that, too, both things. I think we should start with Lindz; we should plan a trip to Toronto as soon as possible, before Mikey finds out you’re back.”

Justin nods his assent just as the food arrives. We eat and Justin tells Tom that he loves the plans for the house. Tom looks happy with the compliment and tells us that he can start the actual furniture purchase and decorating next week and that we should be able to move in about a month after that.