McIan Ch. 01
by Wayne McIan ©

I met Jules almost 7 years ago at Church. I can still see those early days 
as clearly as if they happened last night.

One Saturday evening, I decided that I would go to Church instead of my 
usual Sunday morning ritual. As luck would have it, I arrived about 10 
minutes after services started. I could hear the organ just start playing 
the second hymn as I walked up to the entrance. I am very happy that I 
decided to quietly enter and sit at the back of the Chapel.

As this was the first time attending the Saturday Evening Service, I was 
shocked to see how few people were in attendance. Saint Michael's is 
designed to hold up to about 500 people and there were only about 50 
occupying that space this evening. I had noticed the collection box at the 
back of the Chapel upon entering and correctly surmised that there would 
not be the usual collection during the service.

While looking around at those in attendance, I noticed that in the middle 
of the left pew, on the same back row as myself, sat a woman. Something 
did not look exactly right as I glanced her way. It took a couple of 
glances until I figured it out. She was not sitting on her maroon skirt, 
but it was splayed around her, as if she had lifted the back and sides up 
and sat directly on the pew. It appeared that her purse was resting behind 
her on her skirt.

I was wondering why she was sitting that way, and trying not to be so 
obvious about my looking, when I heard the pastor say, "Let us pray." She 
quickly folded down the kneeling bar and slid forward to kneel in prayer. 
I damn near dropped my kneeling bar as I saw her skirt stick to the pew, 
being held in place by her purse, and slide up her legs until it had 
exposed her up to about her bellybutton. It looked like she had slid out 
of the bottom of her skirt.

As she settled into place, she had spread her legs and dropped her right 
hand down to her lower belly to lightly rub side to side. I was trying to 
not stare or make any noise that would have alerted her to the fact that I 
could see that she was not wearing anything under her skirt.

She rubbed from her belly to the front of her right thigh. She slowly and 
smoothly ran her hand around to her bottom and then back around to her 
tummy. She was tanned, without any lines. Her hand moved from her belly to 
her pussy as it looked like, from my point of view, that she was 
attempting to get herself off during prayer. Too soon, the prayer ended 
and she slid back up onto the pew, pulling the skirt over her knees during 
the process.

Even though I am a voyeur and an exhibitionist, I was stunned by the 
boldness of this lady. I have cum in cars, planes, trains, movie theaters, 
and concerts, I had never thought about getting off in church. Pretty soon 
it was time for the second prayer of the traditional three, being usually 
about twice as long as the first. Just like before, she slid forward 
exposing herself again. This time, she went straight to her pussy and 
started really working herself up towards an orgasm.

We all stood up to sing a hymn and she lifted the front of her skirt up to 
continue to play with herself. She was swaying slightly and moving her 
hips in rhythm to her stroking. I think that she was almost there when we 
all sat back down for the sermon. She leaned slightly backward and raised 
her skirt to give herself full access to her snatch. She continued to 
stroke her clit; at least that is what it looked like from about 40 feet 
away.

Back down to our knees for the final prayer and she re-doubled her 
efforts. She was really working herself over when she started to shake. A 
couple of spasms, her mouth hanging open, appearing to try to keep quite 
while going through an orgasm, and she went slightly limp; resting on her 
left arm on the top of the pew in front of her.

Time to stand and sing the closing hymn. She finally glances my way and 
gives me a slight smile and smoothes out her skirt, which now rests 
mid-way between her knees and ankles. She deftly picks up her purse and 
quickly walks out the far side of the pew and is gone. I am left standing 
there with a hard on that I could break rocks with and a vow that I must 
come to Saturday Night Service again.

The next time I saw her was the next Saturday night. Again I came in late, 
however this time it was on purpose. I sat down in the far left pews, the 
short ones next to the wall, as soon as the song was over. This put me 
about 20 feet from the mystery woman. This night she was wearing a long 
dress, and she was sitting on it. I thought, "Well, I guess it was a one 
shot deal."

I looked over towards her and saw her reach behind and pull on the bow on 
the back of her dress. She then took the material used as the tie and 
brought them around towards the front of the dress and let them fall to 
the sides. Most amazingly, her arm disappeared under the material at her 
side and soon brought a string of material from inside her dress out into 
the open, and again let it drop by her side.

As we kneeled in prayer, I looked over and was surprised to see skin from 
her knees to just under her arms showing through the side of the dress. 
The dress appeared to be like a tunic, or more like a poncho. The fabric 
from the back is secured in the front, under the front piece. The front is 
secured in the back and makes the dress appear like the dresses that women 
wear that have the tie in the back to take up the extra fabric that makes 
the dress very full and flowing.

The dress was hanging loosely and from my position, I could see her right 
hand working on her pussy. I had actually prepared for this possibility 
and had worn my button-up jeans without a belt. I worked the buttons on my 
pants and soon had my cock in hand. I am an exhibitionist and have stroked 
off, or made love, in many different places before, but never in a church. 
I soon had a good rhythm going. My mind must have wondered because I was 
startled when I realized that everyone else was already re-seated.

I pulled my pants back together and slid back up onto the pew. When I 
looked at my mystery woman, she had the front of the dress draped over her 
right leg, which left her entire left side exposed to me from her high 
heels to the swell of her breast. Her right hand was almost a blur as she 
worked on bringing herself to a climax. Now it was back down for our 
second prayer, and I watched as she cupped her breast under the dress. I 
was stroking myself and not thinking about the sequence of the service, 
when the music started and we are all supposed to stand and sing. I 
quickly pull my pants together and button the top button.

There I am standing in a church service with my 7" of meat sticking out of 
my pants and singing a hymn. Talk about getting all mixed up. Now we all 
sit down and I start to worry if the Pastor can see my flagging cock 
hanging out of my pants or suspects what is going on in the back of his 
church. Mystery woman is going for broke, never once looking my way. 
Looking at her, my cock returns to life and demands that I take care of 
the desire that is burning within.

We slide forward for the final prayer and I am getting close to cumming. I 
drop my pants down my thighs and really stoke my hard meat while watching 
her start to shake. I am also getting really close too when she looks over 
towards me. She immediately stops in mid-stoke as I start to shoot my jism 
under the pew in front of me. It looks like she is silently screaming as 
her mouth and eyes open up wide. She stays in that position for about 10 
more seconds and then sumps against her arm.

As the music starts to play, she brings the back ties under the front of 
the dress and then ties the back before standing up. She doesn't look my 
way, but picks up her purse and goes out the middle aisle. "Shit", I 
think. As I stand up on rubbery legs. It takes a few more moments before I 
can leave, as I need to finish buttoning up before I go too far. 

The rest of that week, I worried every time the phone or doorbell rang. 
Was it the Pastor or the Police wanting to talk to me about jacking off in 
the church and frightening Mrs. Jones? It never was, but I thought that I 
should go back and maybe apologize to her for scaring her so badly. It 
seemed like Saturday evening was here in a flash, unlike the previous 
week, which must have been 10 days long.

I arrived early to have a chance to talk to her. However, she never 
showed. I felt so stupid. I went and ruined a good thing. How often can a 
guy watch a beautiful woman masturbate in church? A once in a life time 
opportunity, and I had to louse it up by pounding my pud. Well, at least I 
found a time to attend church that left me time on Sunday to go hiking and 
do some of the other things I like to do, without feeling guilty about not 
being in church on Sunday.

The following Saturday, the Church is blessing the Kilts (Kirking the 
Kilts), and being full-blooded Scot, I wore mine to church. It was 
drizzling outside and there was a chill in the air, so I felt comfortable 
in my 16-ounce wool. I arrived about 10 minutes before services started to 
talk to some of the others that were also wearing their kilts, and then 
sat in the back, left side. Just before the music started, she walked in 
wearing a London Fog and carrying an umbrella. She looked my way before 
moving to her usual spot, just 20 feet away.

We sang the first hymn and then sat down to hear the bulletins. Then it 
was time to stand and "greet each other". She stood and moved over to my 
pew and stuck out her hand and said, "My name is Jules". "Wayne", I said, 
as I looked into the prettiest green eyes I have ever seen.

Jules stands 5'2"and weighs just 103 pounds with green eyes and russet 
colored hair. I now know that she keep her figure by hiking, swimming, 
aerobics, and a variety of other activities that I also really enjoy. 
However, I digress.

We sang the second song and then sat down for the scripture reading. Jules 
ask if it was true about what men wear under their kilts. I told her that 
she would just have to wait to see if it was true. At that, Jules undid 
the belt of her London Fog and dropped it from her shoulders. She was 
wearing a silk blouse, thigh-high stockings and high heels. That was it. 
She took my hand and just held it while we listened to the last of the 
readings. I moved the kneeling bar into place as we dropped to our knees, 
when the pastor called us to pray.

Jules placed my hand on her ass as we bowed our heads to look at what we 
were doing. As I had removed my sporran while sitting, Jules just ran her 
hand up the inside of my right thigh until she reached my balls. As I 
rubbed the smoothest ass I have ever felt, she lifted the front of my 
kilts and tucked the aprons into my belt, exposing me fully. She asked me 
to stroke myself while she rubbed her pussy.

We played for the rest of the prayer. When we stood to sing, I put my hand 
on her ass as she lightly tickled my balls. At that time, I didn't even 
think or worry about possibly being exposed to anyone else. We sat down, 
and Jules took my hand and placed it on her cunt. It was so smooth and the 
folds of her twat were very wet. As I played with her pussy and strummed 
her clit, Jules took to stroking my meat.

Down we go for the second prayer and Jules is back to playing with herself 
with me stroking away. She asks me to tell her when I am ready to cum and 
it is time to stand for the song and then sit for the sermon. Jules has me 
trying not to grunt as she returns to stroking me with her sitting on my 
hand as two of my fingers are buried in her cunt. Down we go for the last 
prayer and we switch to me stroking my cock and her with half her hand 
stuffed in her very wet box.

I am almost there when I tell her in a hoarse whisper that I am ready to 
cum. She bends down and takes my tool in her gorgeous mouth while I wet my 
thumb in her pussy and drive my thumb up her ass and slide three fingers 
into her cunt. She bucks and grunts as I start to cum. She suddenly goes 
rigid and twitches. I feel like my fingers are going to get crushed and it 
is hard to keep my thumb up her ass as she is trying to push it out. She 
still has my cock in her mouth and continues to twitch as the music starts 
to play.

We only have about 30 seconds before the first person leaving will get 
close enough to see what is going on. I help her to a standing position 
and taking her London Fog, I drape it over her shoulders and hug her to 
me. My cock is up against her belly and continues to ooze my juices. I 
pick her up slightly and place her feet on the kneeling bar. She rouses 
enough to slide her arms into the sleeves of her coat as I slide my cock 
between her legs, up against her very wet cunt. She lets out a very soft 
mew as I slide against her extended clit. Reaching inside her coat, I grab 
her ass cheeks and she lays her head on my shoulder and hugs me back.

I continue slow thrusts as most of the congregation shuffles out. She 
licks her lips and smiles a very dreamy smile. She thanks me for a 
wonderful evening. I ask her if she is OK and she shakes her head yes. I 
move away from her to get my cloak, Jules quickly looks around and then 
bends downs and cleans my dick of all the mingles juices. I flip down the 
aprons of my kilts and re-attach my sporran as we start walking out of the 
church.

I ask her if she would like to go get something to eat or drink. She says 
that she can't, that she has another commitment that evening, but would 
love to take me up on the offer next Saturday night after church. As I 
close her car door, seeing her open up her coat for me to see her body, 
she asks me to wear something easy to get out of next Saturday. 
- * - * - * - * - * - * - *


McIan Ch. 02
by Wayne McIan ©

Man, I hate it when you are looking forward to something and it seems like 
it will never get here. Just like being a kid and waiting for Christmas 
... it seems like the 24th will NEVER arrive. Then, when it does, the day 
can't go fast enough. That is how this last week had been. By the time 
Saturday finally showed up, every clock must have slowed down to half 
time. Things that I did to "waste" the time away, took only minutes to 
finish. The day turned out to be warm and I was able to get all of the 
yard work done that I had been promising myself that I would do; and I 
even replaced the tubes on the twin's bikes, as both of the girls had 
flats.

FINALLY, it was time to go. I chose a simple polo shirt, dark Colombia 
hiking shorts, and my Hi-Tek sandals. She did say something about wearing 
something that I could get out of easily! Every light to St. Michael's was 
green, so I arrived better than 5 minutes early. Not wanting to appear too 
eager, I drove around the block before parking towards the far end of the 
lot. I took my time getting into the chapel and took up my now "usual" 
spot in the back left of the church. Jules was not there, and I was 
nervous that she would and that she wouldn't show up.

"Scoot over" was her whispered announcement that she had arrived, as I 
didn't see her because I was looking at the program while trying not to 
appear like I was just waiting for her to show up. She had on a simple 
strapless yellow sundress with a matching sweater hung over her arm. The 
pair of yellow flip-flops on her feet completed the sunny look. The bottom 
of the dress flared outward with a top that appeared to have only two 
elastic bands holding it up. The bottom band rested just below her breasts 
with the top one looking like it was doing the best it could to not slip 
over her firm looking tits, as it was barely holding on from being 
slightly stretched out. She was wearing an enigmatic smile and her eyes 
"twinkled" as she motioned for me to move over, close to the wall. That 
twinkle, that I have grown to know quite well, shows up when she is in a 
very playful mood. Taking her sweater from her arm, she draped it over the 
pew in front of us and bunched up her dress as she sat down, bare-bottomed 
on the pew. Almost as soon as she sat down, the first hymn started playing 
and we stood up. She looked me over and again that smile surfaced and 
those eyes sparkled almost like emerald gems.

I was wondering what exactly she was thinking, when she picked up the 
sweater and put it on, buttoning it down to the last two buttons. I 
started thinking that the fun times at the back of the church is over when 
she dropped her hands down by her sides and gently started tugging on the 
sides of the dress. The dress started dropping down her body until the 
bottom of the two elastic bands appeared and stuck to her hips.

As the bulletin was being read, she reached down and lowered the kneeling 
bar into place and looked over at me and passed me a note, then looked 
forward towards the pulpit. That was odd I thought. I opened the note and 
while reading it, I had to swallow hard. She wanted me to take off my 
clothes and to lie down on the kneeling bar in front of her. She looked at 
me and raised one eyebrow, silently asking me if I would do it. As I just 
nodded my head yes and tried to swallow with a rapidly drying mouth. She 
started unbuttoning the sweater, but held it closed as the music started. 
She stood up and the dress slid down, once again revealing those smooth 
and tanned legs. I kicked off my sandals and unbuttoned and dropped the 
zipper on my shorts. Already my dick was getting hard as I slid down to 
the bar and pulled my polo shirt over my head. As I moved along the bar, I 
shed my shorts and placed them, and my shirt under the pew.

I positioned myself directly in front of Jules, as least my face was. 
Jules looked down and just shook her head no. I misunderstood her and 
thought that she did not want me there. As I started to scoot back, she 
placed a foot on my chest and indicated with a push that she wanted me to 
move further up. Now I was rock hard, and Jules kept glancing down at me. 
She opened her right hand, as her left one was holding her sweater closed, 
and a condom foil landed on my stomach. I quickly open the pouch and 
unrolled the sheath over my 7" and heard the Pastor bring us to prayer.

Jules sat down and picked up her dress and set it on the pew beside her. 
She then placed her feet between me and the pew in front of us, and slid 
forward, off the pew, unto my meat. She shrugged the sweater off of her 
shoulders and placed it over the pew in front of her. I have had sex in 
some off-the-wall places before with several women in my life, but nothing 
like this. I slid easily into Jules due to her cunt being soaked with her 
juices, but she did not move, at least not what could be visible. Here I 
was, completely naked in church, with this incredible woman sitting on me, 
who was equally as naked and milking my dick with her cunt muscles. 
Milking is the only word that comes to mind, pardon the pun. She was 
watching me as she contracted and released her twat in a continual motion. 
When I reached up and cupped her right breast, she closed her eyes as her 
hot and wet hole contracted hard on me and then rippled, as Jules gave a 
little shutter with a soft exhaling of her breath. Damn, I thought, I just 
made her cum.

She grabbed her sweater and put it back on while she twisted and slid on 
my cock. With one last squeeze of her twat, she slid back up onto the pew, 
holding that sweater closed with her left hand again. Leaving her left leg 
in place, she brought the right one back between the kneeling bar and her 
pew. Jules twisted slightly to her right, opening up her wet snatch to my 
view and slowly scratched the itch her extended clit must have had. I felt 
like a man dying of thirst in the desert and seeing an oasis at the bottom 
of a dune.

I slid down a little and placed my head between those beautiful thighs and 
started lapping up the juices that coated her lips. Jules leaned forward 
onto the back of the pew in front of her and slid to the edge of the pew, 
giving me complete access to her honeyed pot. She let the sweater open up 
and I took advantage of the position by kissing her pubic mound and lower 
stomach, not daring to go any higher, as my head might be seen. She 
reached down with her left hand and started stroking my hard meat as I 
returned to suck on her clit. It was awkward, but I was able to stick a 
thumb into her hole as I continued to eat this delectable woman. She 
shuttered once more and started to close her thighs as she leaned back, 
pulling that yellow sweater closed once more. I was confused for a moment, 
until she stood for the song.

As the congregation sang the hymn, I repositioned myself to a sitting 
position, which was hard as the holder for the hymnals was pressing 
against my upper back. Jules had a questioning look on her face, until she 
could see what I was up to. With my legs pointed towards the back of the 
church, Jules was able to sit down on me during the next prayer session 
with both of her legs on the outside of my hips. With my cock now buried 
deep in her hot center of pleasure, I started thrusting up into her. By 
twisting my head to the right, I started sucking her left tit like my life 
depended on it. I could hear her breathing in a labored manner. When I 
looked up, her nostrils were flaring as she tried to stay quite. After 
about one more minute, she sat down on me hard and mashed my head to her 
tit. Her cunt was squeezing me so hard, I thought that someone had grabbed 
my cock. She bucked her hips forward several times when I felt her fingers 
reach her clit and stroke. At that point, I felt that incredible milking 
action deep in Jules cunt and I emptied my nuts into the condom. I 
released her tit from my suction cup of a mouth and she looked down at me 
with a very dreamy look on her face. With my hands on her ass, I shoved my 
dick into her a couple of more times and felt myself squirt again.

As she got back up from the prayer, she reached over and retrieved her 
dress, which had slid onto the floor and slid it over her feet. I move 
back down towards the wall and slid my polo shirt back on. Jules buttoned 
that yellow sweater down again to the last two buttons and fished in her 
purse and handed me some kleenix. After I took off the well-used condom, 
she sat through the sermon holding my hand and resting her head on my 
shoulder with our naked thighs pressing against each other. As we went 
down for the final prayer, she pulled up her dress and I was able to put 
my Colombia's back on.

I walked her back to her car, and as we stood there smiling like a couple 
of teenagers, she asked me where we were going to for dinner. I suggested 
that she follow me to one of my favorite places, the Sunrise Café on 43rd. 
I went to give her a light kiss, and she decided that I needed much more 
than that. With one hand holding the back of my head and the other up the 
leg of my shorts, she gave me a kiss that made the hair on my arms stand 
up. I returned the favor by placing both of my hands up under her sundress 
on the most incredibly firm ass cheeks I have ever felt. 


 

 
