Author's Note: I am aware this is about a day early, but I'm going to be busy all of the day I would usually update. So, instead of making you all wait for Saturday, I'm just updating now. Sorry for the short notice, but I didn't realize how busy I was until I tried to think of a time I could update. Other than that, Happy New Year everyone.

Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they belong to their respective owners. I also do not own the lines of poetry that Ryou thinks up here, they are actually from the movie and novelization of Dragonheart. I do, however, own bits of the plot.

Warnings: Blood, violence

Chapter Seven: Bonded

Thus the fatal stoke did fall;
And, with it, undid all. 

Ryou held the bow tightly to him, looking over at Bakura as the two slunk through the shadows. It was the only weapon he had, the only one that he was remotely good at handling. But it still didn't make him feel confident. The poet shifted, earning a glare from Bakura. The thief rolled his eyes and walked back to his lover, placing his hand on Ryou's shoulder. The poet leaned into the contact, looking distractedly at the castle that loomed above them. It was intimidating up close, well built even though the work had been rushed towards the end. But it served its purpose. Once everything was settled, it would be impossible to get in. The four of them had a difficult enough time climbing to the summit without being seen, even though two of them had made the journey plenty of times before. And now all they had to do was wait for the king to arrive, and then kill him.

It was treason. Ryou shivered at the thought. Death for all of them if they were caught. This was the kind of story he would be interesting in reading or writing, never participating. Now he just wanted to go somewhere, run away from this mad scheme and take Bakura with him. While he wasn't ready to face the truth behind his relationship with the male, he wasn't quite ready to leave Bakura behind him to die. There was a part of him that was ready to admit that he was in love with the thief, no matter how much he was annoyed by his mercurial mood swings. But he wasn't ready to admit that; his one fear that he was a quick fling for the thief, even if he wasn't sure if he was using Bakura for a quick fling himself. It was a confusing situation when he sat back to think about it but, in everyday life, it wasn't that complicated.

Bakura made him happy, happier than he had ever been before. And he was sure that Bakura felt the same way, if the soft smiles that were given to him were anything to go by. If only life was simply the both of them being happy. But it wasn't.

Ryou had to work up to a respectable career, which he couldn't do with a thief dogging his heels. And Bakura had to steal to survive, to protect the reputation that he boasted about when not around the knight. There was no way that they could stay together.

If that were true, then why were they both trying their hardest to make this work?

He was pulled out of his thoughts as Bakura tensed, the thief turning to look down the trail with a look of surprise. Ryou followed his gaze, his own mouth dropping open as he watched the black bulk of the dragon emerge, the creature walking dejectedly behind the king and a knight. The poet was pulled abruptly back by his lover, only then realizing that he had been leaning forward to get a better glimpse of the dragon as they walked by. He felt Bakura's hand clamp down over his mouth, the action not necessary. He had no intention of screaming, his mind was too busy rushing over the information. The king had a dragon that he kept by him, a tame dragon. What did that mean for any rebellions or their small attack? Would the dragon obey the orders of the king like theirs did?

A shift in the shadows from beside him brought Mahad out into the open, the knight crouching on the ground as he watched Gozaburo and his escort calmly walk to the castle without a care in the world. The knight inched closer to Bakura and Ryou, motioning for Yugi to join them. The prince scurried over, glancing up at the sky once before kneeling on Ryou's other side. Mahad nodded at the move, making sure to keep his voice low. "When we go inside, aim for killing that dragon. It's the only way to get a sure victory. Don't bother trying to kill the king."

"What kind of rebellion is this if we don't kill the king?" Bakura snapped at the knight, the hand that he kept on Ryou tightening for a moment before relaxing abruptly.

"It is the only way, thief. Unless you are willing to risk your own life?" Bakura turned away at the comment, staring angrily at the gate to the castle. Mahad nodded, shifted a bit. "The dragon will keep most of the reinforcements away from us the best it can. But we can only depend on it for so long."

Ryou grimaced at the orders, reaching back into his quiver of arrows to make reassure himself that they were still there. The bow had only been used for hunting before he met Bakura, happily passing the job off to the thief who enjoyed the sight of blood. It had never been used to kill a person, let alone a dragon. Ryou stared at his weapon, catching sight of Bakura as the thief crossed his arms across his chest. "Can we trust the dragon?"

"We can trust, Atem." All eyes turned to the prince who had is head tipped back to look at the sky, probably tracking the dragon's progress. Ryou glanced up himself, squinting through the dark to try and see the dragon, but only saw the stars. He scowled and looked back down, wishing that he was only watching the battle. From a safe distance he could observe and take notes so he could remember this event forever. Instead, he was being thrown into battle, possibly to death. Then his great work would never be seen to read. Maybe he should have listened to Bakura and let them travel on. But his urge to get this story still remained, because the tale was getting more interesting. Bakura was right, there had never been a story like this. And he wouldn't have missed this for the world.

Well…the battle he could live without.

Ryou was jolted out of his thoughts as he was suddenly pulled into a hug by the thief. He was about to question the actions when Bakura gave him a quick kiss before pulling away. Ryou remained crouched on the ground, blinking as he watched Bakura slink after Mahad and Yugi before shrugging his shoulders and following them. He moved quickly to Bakura's side, sticking by his lover as they moved toward the gate. He glanced up at the battlements, startled to find that there were no guards. He supposed that they were busy with all the workings of the inner castle or slacking off because they would not get scolded for their negligence this time. The reason, he quickly decided, didn't matter. At least they were able to sneak in.

Ryou adjusted his grip on his bow, placing an arrow on the string and letting his fingers fall into their much practiced places. A smile appeared on is face as they stepped through the open gates, his mind already composing poetry about this event.

'Into the mouth of death we strode,
Into the gringy gloom,
Into the pit of fear unknown,
Perhaps to court our doom.

'In the darkness stygian befell,
The fate of warriors bold,
With our hearts in fearful accord
And left them lifeless cold.'

He tensed as he stepped from the shadow of the gate, looking to one side and the clanking of chains. The poet raised his bow, pulling the string back at a nod from Mahad. Surprisingly, his hand remained steady as he took aim at the dragon's heart. Ryou slowly exhaled, releasing the string with the motion, and cursing as Gozaburo moved, placing himself in the way. The king looked up at the sound of the arrow's release, but didn't turn around in time, the arrowhead finding its mark in his shoulder. Man and dragon screamed in pain, the sound bringing reinforcements from the castle.

Yugi brought his sword up in a sloppy block, wincing at the vibration that the impact caused. He shoved the man away, stumbling back to Mahad. The two knights had rushed forward to cover the thief and the poet as the men had come rushing out of the castle at the screams of pain, hoping that Ryou could get off another shot. If all went well, they would slay the dragon at a distance and run before they could be boxed in. Bakura would protect Ryou as best as he could, a second line of defense if the knights fell. Which wouldn't happen. Yugi hoped that simple fact would be true with his whole heart and soul.

He yelped and pivoted away from the next attack, realizing that he had allowed himself to get lost in his thoughts. His move also brought him out of the way of the dark flames that poured from the sky as Atem dove. Yugi reached up to touch the dragon's scales as Atem moved past, angling his wings to climb back up into the sky. The prince took a quick look at the fire barrier before running to stand beside Ryou as the poet fumbled for another arrow. Atem's attack had split Gozaburo's forces, meaning that there were fewer men to worry about. The thought brought a smile to the prince's face, there was a better chance of them getting out of this alive now. Yugi moved through the motions of fighting, his eyes flicking up every once and a while to see if Atem was going to swoop down again.

A touch on his shoulder spun him around, sword at the ready. The look on Ryou's face made him lower his sword, stepping out of the way so Bakura could lunge forward with one of his daggers, the thief smirking as another fell. The poet steered them away from the falling body, brown eyes wide in fear. "I'm out of arrows."

Bakura cursed before backing toward them, nervously flipping a dagger in one hand. Yugi looked frantically around, spotting Atem plunging down again, the dragon gathering up men in his claws before taking off and dropping them from the sky. The prince turned away from the sight, his eyes falling on the dragon who was chained down. He pushed away from Ryou, easily shaking off the poet's hands as he ran for the creature. It was the only way to end this thing, at least according to Mahad. It was the only way to save all of them. Yugi ducked a blow to his head, focusing more on running than fighting. He was the only one who could do this, Mahad was too busy somewhere else and Bakura wouldn't leave Ryou. He could depend on Atem to help him in any horrible situation.

He sprinted past the confused men, looking up with a smile as he saw Atem swooping down to skim over the ground close by him. Breathlessly, Yugi pointed in the direction he was going, the dragon giving a curt nod before turning, Yugi having to duck to avoid the down beat of the wings. The prince looked at the dragon, watching as Atem landed, throwing back his head and roaring, the sound scattering the men. He got a clear view of Mahad and Lector locked in combat on the other side of Atem, neither of the two men looking up at the sound of the dragon. Yugi shook his head, the motion flinging his bangs from his eyes and plunged ahead.

He skidded to an awkward stop, ducking under a swinging blade. Yugi flinched as he felt liquid fall on him, grunting as something hit his back. The prince stumbled forward, turning around to watch in horror as an arm rolled down his back, the body of the man who attempted to attack him scattered across the courtyard. Yugi looked up at Atem, watching as the dragon drew back his hand, part of the man's torso still stuck to a claw. The dragon hissed in displeasure and shook the body off, turning to glare at the other humans. Yugi took advantage of their distraction and covered the short distance to the dragon, kneeling down by the dragon's head and running a hand over its muzzle.

The prince stumbled backwards, nearly dropping his sword as the dragon opened its eyes, the deep brown irises staring back accusingly at him. The dragon slowly lifted its head, the chains that held it to the ground not fixed in place. Yugi took a step back as the dragon loomed over him, eyes travelling over the dragon and getting wider as he did so. This dragon was almost identical to Atem, lacking red tint to the scales and slightly bigger than Atem. And, with the flames flickering over the courtyard, Yugi sometimes glimpsed a hint of red in the dark brown eyes. The dragon hissed at him, displaying long teeth. Yugi almost cowered, but puffed his chest up and glared right back, daring the creature to attack. When the dragon hesitated, Yugi dropped the point of his sword, making sure he was no longer a threat. "We want to help you."

The dragon scoffed, lowering its head to stare at Yugi. "What could you do to help me, human? You came here to kill me because it would kill the man you call king."

"Yes." Yugi glanced over at Atem, biting his lip as the black and red dragon curled around Ryou and Bakura to protect them, earning a long cut on his foreleg for his actions. Yugi clenched one hand into a fist at the pained bellow that Atem gave, the other dragon turning to look in the direction the sound came from, eyes widening as it noticed Atem for the first time. Yugi turned away, reaching out for the dragon, wincing as his hand came in contact with the dragon's hide. It wasn't as soft or warm as Atem's was, the sensation not pleasant to Yugi. He was almost tempted to draw his hand away, but the confused look of the dragon made him keep his hand there. Yugi gave the creature a smile, "But I don't want to kill you if I don't have to. I've seen enough dragons die."

The dragon sighed, shifting slightly to expose his chest to Yugi. The prince looked at the dragon in confusion, not understanding what the dragon meant by the motion. The dragon sighed, eyes roving until they landed on Atem again. "How is my son?"

"Your son…" Yugi glanced over at the red and black dragon, comprehension slowly dawning. "Atem is…alright."

"Alright?"

Yugi struggled to find words to explain. "He would be better if the knights stopped coming after him. I think it drives him a little crazy, and he's afraid because he doesn't know what he will do."

"His temper always did get the better of him sometimes." The dragon let out a wry chuckle, his gaze finally leaving Atem and turning to Yugi. "Thank you, little prince. I'm sure your mother would have been proud."

"Would have-"

"Now," the dragon interrupted him before Yugi could complete his question, "I am ready to die." It raised one claw against the beginning of Yugi's protest. "This is the only way out for many of us. Your people will be free from their horrid king and I will be free of these chains. So long as I live, that man lives. And, Atem will be safe. That's all I want."

Yugi brought up his sword, staring at the point in horror. The dragon was asking for death, and he was the only one closest enough to grant its wishes, but he had never seen himself as a dragon-slayer. He had hated Mahad for what the knight was doing, and now he was about to do the same thing. And what would Atem think of him? Atem hadn't been told of their plan before, just sent away with his orders. Could Atem ever forgive him if Yugi killed his father? The point of his sword started trembling as Yugi thought it over, his resolve disappearing swiftly. He couldn't do this.

"Please, little prince." Yugi turned his head away, letting his sword point fall again. He heard the dragon whimper, the chains rattling as it moved closer. He tensed as the dragon spoke again, all the pleading gone from it's voice. "If you don't strike now, prince, I will make you."

"I can't."

"You must!" Yugi scrambled backwards as the dragon snapped at him, yelping when he hit the ground, his sword clattering away. He scrambled to his feet, watching as the dragon pulled its head up. He lunged for his sword as the dragon struck again, rolling across the ground and yelping again as he cut his palm on the edge of his blade. Yugi snatched up the sword, glancing down at his cut hand before looking back up at the dragon. The creature hissed, straining against his chains as Yugi brought the sword up to guard. He could hear the sound of the dragon's teeth scraping over the iron, his knees shaking as the force that the creature was exerting became too much. Yugi fell to his knees, looking up at the dragon from the cover of his bangs. He saw something move through the smoke that was rising from the flames, a smile breaking out on his face as he recognized Atem. Yugi didn't get the chance to call out as the dragon forced him onto his back, the sword still up to protect him.

"Yugi!" The dragon turned, moving away from Yugi so it could stare at its son, brown eyes widening. Atem looked between his father and Yugi before growling, wings moving slightly from his sides as he advanced. The dragons didn't get a chance to exchange words before Atem suddenly bellowed in pain, quickly lifting off the ground and circling above the battle. Yugi sat up, searching for the thing that had injured Atem, but was forced back onto his back as Gozaburo ran over, the king's sword held at Yugi's throat.

"Didn't you hear my warning before, brat?" Yugi panicked, kicking Gozaburo's legs out from underneath him before scrambling to his feet, backing around the dragon. The king slowly got to his feet, following Yugi with a predatory slink. The prince found himself trembling as he became the focus of the icy blue eyes. He jumped as Gozaburo lunged forward, swinging his blade across his body to stop the attack. The swords clanged together, a few sparks flying from the force of the blow. Yugi stumbled back a few steps under the impact, hurriedly bringing his sword up to parry again. Yugi was forced closer to the walls, finding himself only able to defend. His violet eyes were wide with fear, breath coming in quick pants as Gozaburo came at him again, the prince barely getting his blade up in time to block the attack. Frantic to escape from being pinned, Yugi lunged forward, the tip of his blade breaking the skin, on the king's arm.

Gozaburo stumbled back, screaming in pain. Yugi took the moment to breathe, his relief short lived as Lector jumped over the dragon's thrashing tail to charge at Yugi. The prince yelped and turned around to parry the new attack. From over the sounds of men screaming and the crackle of flames, he could barely heard Mahad shouting his name as the knight circled around the dragon, rushing from the front of the creature. Yugi took Lector's moment of distraction to attack, changing the motion halfway through to hold the sword awkwardly above his head to block the strike that Lector cobbled together at the last minute. He gasped as Lector suddenly grabbed his wrists, the action making Yugi's drop his sword. Lector leered at him as he stretched Yugi's wrists above his head, making the prince stand on his tip-toes to avoid pain. Lector laughed at the horrified look on Yugi's face, his eyes darting to someone that was behind Yugi. The prince never got a chance to turn his head.

Yugi jerked forward in the hold, coughing and gasping for air at the same time, the metallic tang of blood invading his mouth. Dazedly, Yugi looked down, staring at the sword that stuck out of his chest. From behind him, he could hear Gozaburo laughing, Lector dropping his wrists and allowing him to slump forward. Yugi felt himself tip forward, his fall stopped by an arm around his stomach. Slowly, Yugi turned his head to look at Gozaburo, his vision fading in and out as pain made it impossible to think. The king smirked at him, leaning on the sword so that it slid further into Yugi, laughing as the prince gave a gasp, the only sound he was capable of making. "I warned you."

His eyes widened as Gozaburo roughly yanked the sword from his body, falling onto his knees without anything to support him. His hand went up to the left side of his chest, pulling it away to stare numbly at the blood that coated his palm. Yugi swayed before falling forward onto all fours, gasping for air. Slowly, the world around him began to fade away, the sense of touch going first. Then smell, the iron tang of blood disappearing from the air and leaving complete nothingness. He turned his head at the faint call of someone, his brain working for the name of the voice before sound disappeared altogether. Yugi's vision began to blacken around the edges, lasting long enough to see a large black shape appear beside him before he slipped into unconsciousness.

Atem pulled his injured foot up, licking the wound and glaring down at the ground as he circled above the fight. He should have known better than to be distracted, Gozaburo wouldn't have gotten him. He hissed at himself before flapping to gain more altitude, scanning the running people below him as he determined where he was needed the most. Bakura and Ryou were struggling away from the gate for reasons that Atem couldn't fathom. Why wouldn't they be taking this chance to escape? Mahad was sure to kill the dragon below. Atem winced at the thought, not liking the idea that he helped in the slaying of his father. But he hadn't been told about the plan, assuming that Mahad would not know about the dragon that Gozaburo kept. He had been wrong. And now his father was trying to kill Yugi.

He turned in the air, scanning the ground below. He spotted Mahad, running around his father and heading for the back wall. The move made no sense to Atem. Mahad could only get himself cornered back there, which was against the whole point of their plan. They all wanted to get out alive so they could install Yugi as the king to this small kingdom, effectively stealing away the human that Atem was starting to feel affection toward. Atem turned his head, spotting the prince as one of the knights under Gozaburo yanked his wrists above his head. Atem had a second to ponder this before Gozaburo moved behind Yugi, plunging his sword into the prince's chest. He couldn't move as the two pulled away from Yugi letting the prince fall to his hands and knees, blood staining his shirt.

Then the ear splitting bellow came, Atem too far gone to realize that it was his own. The dragon plummeted to the ground, landing hard on the cobblestones and immediately shifting to stand over Yugi. He snarled at the men who were beginning to move closer. He didn't care why they were approaching them, all he knew was that they all deserved to die. Every last human that was in this castle. Atem snarled, pulling up his head and calling flames up into the back of his throat, taking a single step forward before letting them lose. Men screamed as the dark fire tumbled to the ground, eagerly licking at clothes and flesh. Atem turned his head, tail whipping angrily as he saw one man still running up toward them. He lowered his head, snarling as the knight didn't stop in his advance, trying to get past Atem and to Yugi. The dragon roared, shifting his weight so he could use one hand to flick the knight away, smirking as the man tumbled back into the wall and went limp.

He snarled at the man, scanning the area around him before letting out another stream of fire, enclosing him in a circle of flames, protecting him for the moment. Atem snorted and turned, curling his tail around Yugi as he leaned down, gently nudging the prince with his muzzle. He got a dull cough, the sound coming with a slow wheeze as Yugi exhaled. Atem's eyes widened at the sickening scent of blood that surrounded the prince, his mind refusing to believe that Yugi was close to death. Yugi couldn't die, he wasn't going to let that happen!

Gently, Atem nudged Yugi into one of his hands, standing up onto his hind legs and taking to the air. He needed to take them to a safe place, somewhere they would not be easily found. He flapped as fast as he could, feeling his heart beating frantically against his chest as he carried Yugi away. The dragon whimpered as he looked down at the human that he carried, realizing how fragile Yugi was. It didn't take a lot to break him, a simple action that Atem could replicate the force of easily. And it scared him. He didn't have the best control over his temper, he could have easily been the reason that Yugi was broken. He ducked his head, vision blurring as tears came to his eyes. Atem quickly found an open space to land, not wanting to endanger his precious load further.

He nudged Yugi back onto the ground, rolling the prince over to his back to stare at the wound. It was fatal, he knew that much. The sword had gone all the way through Yugi's body, probably through the heart. And yet Yugi was still hanging on, just barely. The dragon whimpered at the pitiful sight of the human struggling to breathe as he bled out. Yugi's eyes opened slowly, Atem quickly curling around the human as Yugi's hand twitched to reach him. He lowered his head, resting it against Yugi's side. Atem could feel Yugi's fingers brushing against the side of his face as the human struggled to stay alive, holding his own breath as the movement stopped. Atem looked up, whimpering as he saw that Yugi wasn't moving, a vacant look in the usually bright violet eyes.

"Yugi?" Atem nuzzled the human's side, breath catching in his throat as there was no movement. He moved his muzzle, manipulating the hand closest to him until it was resting on him, waiting for Yugi to acknowledge his presence. But there was nothing. Atem sat up, feeling tears forming in his eyes as he looked down on the prince, tilting his head to the side as he waiting for movement. It was a moment later that he was finally able to comprehend what had happened. Yugi was dead, he didn't save him. Atem gave a keen of sorrow, lowering his head until it resting against his chest. "No, Yugi. Please don't leave me. Please."

He winced as his stomach rolled, reacting to his highly emotional state. Atem stumbled away from Yugi, growling as he dug his claws into the ground, physically bracing himself against the pain. He trembled through the first few pangs before relaxing, turning to look at Yugi. If only the human had killed his father, then they wouldn't be in this situation. Atem was ready to lose his father, knowing that the elder dragon would eventually pass away. He would have left his father's cave eventually, seeking his own home and a mate; and never turning back. But he wasn't ready to lose Yugi. Atem shuddered as the next bout of pain rushed through him, leaving him gasping for air as he stared at Yugi. Slowly, an idea moved through his fogged mind.

His father had saved Gozaburo when the man had a similar injury. He had given Gozaburo half of his heart. Maybe it would work. And if not…

"Wait." Atem dragged himself back to Yugi's side, a whimper dragged out of him as his stomach protested the move. "Just wait for me, Yugi. You said you trusted me, believed in me. Please."

He flared his wings out for balance and reached up one hand to rest over his heart, closing his eye to listen to it's beat. His claws gently pried up the scale, revealing skin. Atem took a deep breath and plunged two claws into his skin, easily ripping a hole over his beating heart. Blood trickled over his claws as he rocked forward, gasping for breath around the double assault of pain from his stomach and chest. He shook his head, moving his hand until a third claw slid into the slit, hissing with the motion before the claws closed around his heart. Atem paused there, taking a few deep breaths before clamping the claws around his heart and splitting the organ in half. He quickly closed his claws around the half as he pitched forward, incapable of anything as he rode out the wave of pain. Almost instinctually, he called on magic to heal the severed heart, black tendrils slipping through the wound in his chest as he pulled the other half out, staring at the pulsing red light that he held in his claws.

Groaning, Atem took an awkward step so he was hovering over the prince, carefully lowering the heart into Yugi's chest. Black tendrils rose from the ground, wrapping around the bright light and combining the dragon's heart with the damaged heart still in Yugi's chest. Atem set his hand down, ignoring the blood that was drying on his claws as he panted for breath. The heart in Yugi's chest gave a faint beat as the tendrils released their hold, slowly beginning to beat as the magic pulled away from him. Atem drew in a deep breath, quickly cauterizing the wound on Yugi's chest before flipping the human onto his side and sealing the wound on Yugi's back. Atem let the prince fall back to the ground, the slight jar making Yugi blink weakly, the prince's body still trying to start functioning again. The dragon sighed, smoothing the scale on his chest back over the scar, closing his eyes as he was finally able to breath properly, a smile flitting across his muzzle. "Half my heart to make you whole. My strength to purify your weakness. Your light to chase away my darkness."

"Atem?" Yugi's weak voice reached his ears, making the dragon open his eyes and lower his head so Yugi could reach up and touch his muzzle. He grunted as the pain in his stomach made itself known, the sound causing concern to appear in Yugi's eyes. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing." Atem flipped over a hand, letting Yugi use his head to stand up and lean against as he stumbled over to the outstretched hand. The prince collapsed again, holding onto a claw as Atem stood up, flapping his wings experimentally before looking down at Yugi. "We have to get out of here."

"Did we fail?"

Atem nodded, leaping from the ground as he flapped, the usual jolt minimized by this method of takeoff. Yugi was still rocked forward by the motion, clinging onto the claw to stay upright. The dragon flapped to gain altitude, wishing for the thermals that would allow easier travel. He had to get Yugi out of the kingdom for a while, long enough for them both to recover and spend the winter before they came back. Atem turned his head, automatically heading for the grounds where his family had spent the first winters of his life. If his memory was correct, there would be humans and dragons there; and the winter wouldn't be as harsh, which is what both Yugi and he needed. Considering how he was feeling and their rate of flight, Atem could probably reach the middle of the territory in a few days. But he didn't feel like leaving their lives up to chance. Gozaburo might send knights out to get them. And he had just gotten Yugi back.

The dragon pulled out of the hover he had put himself in, turning toward their destination, breathing a sigh of relief at the tailwind that they had. This would help if his plan worked. If he pull at his energy into flying and didn't stop all night, they could probably get there sometime in the next day, which was better. Atem nodded to himself, glancing down at the now sleeping Yugi before beginning to speed forward. The wind at his back assisted, but he could already feel the strain. He wasn't in any condition to make this kind of flight, he would have just spent the winter in abject misery in his cave and only flown when he had to catch prey. He had already been flying around too much, using what little energy he had managed to gather in producing flame and fighting against humans. Not to mention whatever was happening with his stomach. He hoped that it didn't get worse in flight, he didn't want to drop Yugi. He glanced down at the countryside speeding along below him, the trees blurs in the darkness.

He slowly raised his eyes, focusing them on the horizon as he pushed himself to greater speed, knowing that he would be sore when they landed. He only remembered going this fast when he was young and racing Kisara around the old ruins that scattered the hills. He winced at the thought of his old friend, knowing that he was leaving her behind, even after he promised to watch over her. But there was nothing else that he could do. The knights were always coming after him and Gozaburo knew that he had fallen in with Yugi and Mahad, which meant that he would be hunted until the end of his days. Kisara was much better protected by her human than him. She could probably lay low long enough for someone to kill Gozaburo. Then he could find her and apologize for running off when she probably needed him the most. But he had his own human to take care of. Kisara would understand.

The miles and hours passed, all counted down to the beat of his wings. The sun was beginning to rise when Atem had to adjust his course, now pulling away from the helpful wind to begin to make his way across the forests that boarded on the plains. He saw the flicker of faint sunlight on the river that wove lazily through the last of the forest, knowing that its path led through the plains, passing through the scrubland and making a dark track through the desert before reaching the ocean. Somewhere out on the plains, there would be people willing to take care of Yugi. And there would be dragons willing to help them both. And if things got too bad, Atem could always drag himself out to the desert and spend a few days soaking up heat so his body wouldn't be forced to produce heat by making fire. And they would be left in peace by Gozaburo, the nomadic people hard to capture on their own lands with dragons as allies.

Sunlight poured over them, allowing Atem the use of thermals as he drove himself on, now panting for air as he continued at his breakneck pace, wanting to fly until he spotted the human clans before thinking of landing. The light as well as the cool air must have woken Yugi, because the prince blinked blearily up at him, a smile slowly making its way across his face. Atem gave a weak smile back, forcing himself to keep flying even though his muscles were protesting and his wing beats were becoming increasingly shaky. To make it worse, the stomach pain was back, even worse than before. Atem gritted his teeth against the pain, his eyes closing for a moment as he tried not to make a noise, his altitude dropping as a result. Yugi jolted forward, wrapping his arms around a claw. Atem felt the prince stiffen, glancing back down to see Yugi staring at his claws in horror. "Atem…is that blood?"

"Yes." Atem clamped his mouth shut immediately after the word, holding back the whimper that he felt coming. He opened his eyes, not realizing that he had shut them. They were almost there, he could see the smoke from fires. Distantly on the horizon, he could see dragons as they rode the morning thermals, probably hunting before going out to the desert. There were more than he expected, although the exact reason escaped him at the moment. He glanced down again, judging the distance. Just a few more minutes, if he could hold out that long. His head dropped forward, resting against his chest as he panted for air.

"Atem?" He felt Yugi's hand against his foreleg before his muscles gave out, quavering before cramping and sending him plummeting to the ground. He heard Yugi squeak in fear as he closed his claws gently around the human, keeping his wings spread in the hopes that he would have a gently glide to the ground. But they wouldn't stay out, the wings starting to fold inward as the muscles refused to work. Atem snarled, flipping himself over at the last minute so he would bear the brunt of the fall instead of Yugi.

The breath was knocked out of him as he hit the ground, landing awkwardly on one wing. He felt pain lance through his shoulder at the move, thankful that the wing hadn't broken on the impact. His relief was short lived as his momentum caused him to bounce once before sliding across the ground, throwing him onto his side and spilling Yugi out of his hand.

Dust puffed up around him as he finally slid to a stop, groaning at the various pains that made themselves known. From somewhere behind him, Atem heard Yugi cry out in pain, worry getting the best of him. Had the fall undone everything? Was Yugi dying again? Atem tried to get up, falling back to the ground as his legs refused to support him. He crashed back to earth, breathing heavily. Everything hurt, he whimpered at the thought as well as the pain, closing his eyes as his stomach began to act up again. He clawed at the ground, finding a good hold as the pain began to race through him, this time not letting up. He thrashed on the ground, trying to ease the pain as it slowly took over his mind. His world was fading in and out of focus, sounds strangely distorted as his stomach tried to rip itself apart. Atem lost the fight to keep silently and keened in pain, one hind leg twitching as he fought the urge to rip at his stomach.

"Atem!" His eyes shot open, only now realizing that Yugi had been calling his name. The human was standing in front of him, rubbing the spot above his eye with one hand while the other was held over his own stomach. The pain stopped long enough for Atem to have one moment of clear thought. If his father felt the pain for when Gozaburo was injured, then the opposite would be the same. Which meant that his stomach pain was hurting Yugi although, apparently, the human wasn't getting the full amount. As quickly as it had come, his moment of clear thought was gone and he was thrashing again, whimpering and pleading for the pain to go away. Even Yugi's touch was fading away.

He wasn't sure whether it lasted hours or minutes, but finally his body quit on him, unable to move as the pain rolled through. Atem whimpered, pushing his head closer to Yugi. He was barely hanging onto his sanity at the moment, clinging to the comfort that was offered to him by the human. The pain let up again, allowing him time to think. He glanced up at Yugi, watching as the prince cautiously wrapped his arms around Atem's muzzle, hugging the dragon as he fought back tears. Atem gave a soft trill, hoping to comfort his human. Yugi was probably scared and confused. He had woken up in a strange place and was in pain for no reason. And Atem could do nothing about it but thrash around on the ground with the dim hope that it would all end soon. He rolled so his was leaning against his elbow, the motion allowing him to meet Yugi's gaze, although the prince didn't let go of his hold. The dragon sighed, and leaned into the hug. "Yugi…"

At the sound of his name, Yugi pressed closer to Atem, the sobs trailing off. The dragon let him have his moment, making the soft rumble that seemed to comfort the human, convincing him to let go of Atem and sit on the ground. Exhausted, Atem allowed himself to collapse again, shifting his head so that he could look at Yugi. The prince gave him a wavering smile, eyes drifting along the dragon's body until they landed on his front claws, eyes going wide as the human spotted the dried blood. Atem wasn't sure how much Yugi remembered from the battle, or if he even remembered the fight. He gave a trill to call Yugi's attention back to him, ready to find out what the human was thinking. He didn't get a chance to speak as the pain returned.

He whimpered and curled up, digging one set of claws into the ground in a futile attempt to keep himself from tearing at his stomach. He opened one eye at the light touch on his neck, rolling it so he could see Yugi. The human placed another hand on the dragon, looking frantic. Atem tried to speak, the words lost in a roar of pain, the sound echoing easily over the open country as he finally went limp. Now he could only flinch as the pain rolled through, each wave allowing more darkness to eat away at his vision. Soon, Yugi was lost to the darkness that was consuming him. Atem moaned, listening to Yugi scramble around to find a better place to stand. He felt the human clamber over his neck, Yugi pulling his muzzle back into a tight hug and holding him there. Atem felt tears splash onto his face as Yugi stroked the scales he could reach. "What's wrong? What can I do for you?"

Atem had no energy to respond, just concentrating on trying to slow his breathing. He gave a weak cough and shifted his head, feeling Yugi follow the motion. Atem gritted his teeth, his throat sore from his screams of pain. He just wanted it all to end, just wanted to give into the unconsciousness that beckoned to him. But he kept being dragged back into consciousness by the pain. He resigned himself to this fate, eyes finally closing.

He whimpered as Yugi suddenly pulled away, feeling the cold air that rushed over him as something large flew over them. Atem forced his eyes open, his vision clearing enough for him to get a quick glance at the dragon that had landed beside him, two others circling for their chance to land. His vision wavered again, sending him back into darkness. Atem whimpered, the sound calling Yugi back to his side, the human reaching out to pet Atem's cheek. He heard the other dragons approaching, eyes widening as he realized that they were much larger than him. If they weren't friendly, then they were both doomed. But if they suspected that Yugi had done this to him…

Atem lifted his head from the ground, finding the other dragons by the sound of their movement and growled as they approached, trying to get his body to curl around Yugi. The prince seemed to sense his intentions and huddled close to Atem's side, wrapping his arms around Atem's foreleg and holding on as the dragons approached. The show of force lasted for a depressingly short time as Atem ran out of energy and just let his head fall back to the ground with a groan. Then, Yugi was pulling away from his side and rushing over to stand in front of him. Atem whimpered, trying to bring the human back to safety, but Yugi ignored him. "Stay away from him!"

"Why, little human? Can you not see that he's in pain?" Atem almost recognized the voice of the dragon, unable to place it with his pain fogged mind. Atem heard Yugi shift, stepping back so he could rest a hand on the dragon's head. He rolled his eyes to where he thought Yugi was, cursing the pain that kept him unable to see properly. He was granted a moment of blissful contact with his human before Yugi was shoved away, the yelp from him causing Atem to snap his head up with a growl, the sound dying almost immediately. He whimpered, the sound cut off by a soft croon from the dragon that was looming over him. "Don't worry, little one. We'll help you."

He felt himself being lifted from the ground, his claws scrambling to hold on. It was worse being unable to see what was going on, the dragon's hold on him putting pressure on his stomach. Atem keened in pain, the sound drawing the dragon's attention back to him. There was a growl from the dragon before another voice intruded on the sound. "You can't take him!"

"And why not, human?"

"You'll have to take me too!" Atem would have smiled at the strength that Yugi was showing. The dragon who was holding him apparently thought the human's protests over before turning its head to motion one of the other dragons over.

"Take this human back to camp with us, since he refuses to leave this dragon." There was anger in the dragon's voice, the tone making Atem fear for Yugi's life. "Maybe then you can see the harm you have done to him."

Atem heard a snarl as one of the dragons moved toward Yugi, putting out his own weak protest as he heard Yugi scream and the brush of cold air over him as the dragon took off. Frantic, Atem tried to follow the sound of the retreating dragon, jerking back to a limp state as the dragon who was holding him took off. He closed his eyes, whimpering and wishing that all of this would just go away. He flinched as the dragon that was carrying him looked down at him, offering what it thought was comfort. "Don't worry, little one, he won't hurt you anymore."

Tèa led the horse back to her own village, limping slightly. She gave the run down houses a furtive look, wondering how she was going to explain the presence of a horse of obvious well breeding to her friends. Better yet, how was she going to explain how she had gathered her impressive collection of bruises. She rubbed her arms at the thought, glancing at the black and blue marks in the dim hope that they would just disappear. But it was only wishful thinking. She sighed and looked back up, stopping in her tracks as her eyes fell upon three familiar animals.

Picketed in the shadows of one of the shacks were the mule, palomino and brown horse from the village before, too distinctive to be forgotten. Tèa led her own horse over and tied it nearby the others, hoping that the plan would work. She gave the animal a fond pat on the muzzle, wishing that she had some tidbit to spare to thank it for its help. After all, the horse had carried her from the castle to the other village and then back again when the sun had risen.

She walked away from the horse and through the village, wrapping her arms around herself as she remembered the night before. It wasn't that bad, she knew that much. It probably would have been smarter if she had waited before forcing herself into another sexual encounter. But the perfect situation had come up, and she had taken advantage of it. Who knew when the prince would ride back through the same village she was in. When his mentor had pushed him onward, it had been too perfect to pass up, no matter how much her body protested.

And the prince had turned out to be a good lover. Tèa blushed at the memory of violet eyes looking down at her in the midst of passion. Cautiously, she raised one hand to rest on her cheek, like the motion could wipe the color away from her face. She shouldn't be blushing, it meant that she was starting to care. And she couldn't afford to care about him. She was just using him to help bring all those she loved out from under the thumb of Gozaburo.

Tèa dropped her hand to her side with a muttered curse, staring at her bare feet as she walked into the deserted village square. She was not supposed to be falling for the prince. It would hinder her plan. She could not develop any feelings for any sovereign who would continue to hurt them. The prince was the son of a witch, and could not be trusted.

If that was the case, then why did she want to trust him? Why did she want to stay by his side and get to know him better? Why did she still want him?

It was too confusing to think about right now, her primary focus being to alert her friends that she was alright and what Gozaburo had done to her, hopefully leaving her rape out of it. If they heard about that, then it would be hard to trust her on the lineage of her child…if there even was a child. Tèa glanced down at her flat stomach, chewing on her lower lip. Well, the prince was in her village now. There could be a second chance no matter how much her body protested. After all, how much was she worth now? She could never get a good husband, not with her conscious nagging at her about her spoiled status. This was the only chance she had at gaining a bit of that life that she still craved.

"Tèa!" She looked up quickly at the sound of Serenity's shout. The brunette smiled, even though the teenage girl couldn't see it, and knelt down on the ground to hug Serenity close. She winced a bit at the impact, keeping a hold of Serenity's arm as the girl pulled back. "You're hurt."

"It's nothing-"

"Serenity!" Joey came running after his sister, relaxing when he saw who she was with. The blond knelt down next to them, gathering up his sister in his arms and walking quickly away. Tèa hesitated before falling into step beside her friend, resting a hand on his arm.

"What's going on, Joey? Where is everyone?"

The blonde looked around cautiously before leaning close to Tèa, keeping his voice low. "There was an attack on the castle last night, a bad one. We could see the flames from down here. Some people even say that they saw a dragon flying above the castle."

Tèa stiffened, her hand rubbing her arm. She felt Joey's gaze land on her as they paused at the entrance to Joey's shack. He mutely pulled aside the ratty cloth that served as a door and let her duck into the darkness first, following after with Serenity. Tèa blinked to adjust her eyes, quickly stepping out of the way to allow Joey to return to his seat on the ground. She raised a hand to wave at Tristan and Duke before joining them on the ground, staring numbly at her hands. "My assassination attempt failed."

"I'm not surprised." Tristan scoffed at her before his expression softened. "What happened?"

Realizing that that was the extent of the scolding that she would receive, Tèa glanced down at her arms with a wince. "I had some problems getting out of the castle. They nearly caught me."

"Were you involved in," Joey pointed in the direction of the white castle. She shook her head, noticing that all three of the young men relaxed.

"No, I was in and out of the old castle in a night. I ran for the next village over. I was," Tèa bit her lip and looked at the ground, "kind of embarrassed that I didn't succeed after all that talk, so I found a place to hide for a bit."

"It's good that you did, or else you would have been here when we all panicked." Tristan shook his head and looked over at Duke, the two of them sharing a shiver. "It was madness. People thought the world was ending and five were killed."

"Which ones?" Tèa leaned forward, her eyes wide in shock. She hadn't seen any of the bodies, which would have been the usual attitude toward deaths in panic. They must have worked quickly, which meant they thought that a noble would ride through the next day.

"One complete family, one of the newer ones and Joey's father." They all looked at Joey, who shrugged and cuddled Serenity closer, the only sign that he was disturbed by the news.

"He wanted it. His life was miserable and he kept saying that, so maybe it's better that he's gone." Joey looked to the door before looking back at the rest of the group, the motion giving him time to remove any trace of remorse in his eyes. They were all used to death, but it still never stopped hurting. "But, I'm glad that you were safe, Tèa. So, what kept you in that village for a whole day, meet a man?"

Tèa blushed at the implications behind Joey's question, letting the blonde push the conversation back to her to remove the weight from him. His father had become a sore point for him after that first failed rebellion. It was better to let the blonde get over the death in his own way instead of forcing him to face it. She smiled to herself before wrapping her hands around her knees. "Yes."

"Really?" All three men leaned forward, eyes wide as they looked at her. They all knew about her romantic notions of finding true love from the many afternoons they spent teasing her about such ideas. They had never thought that she would actually settle for one guy.

She nodded, moving a strand of hair that had fallen in front of her eyes with the motion away. "I met the prince."

"And he kept you there…all day and night." Duke raised his eyebrows at the last part of the statement, his smile turning into a smirk. They expected her to back down now, throw out her usual line about them all being perverts. But she wasn't going to.

"Yes." Her voice was quiet, but she glared at the boys as they tried to hold back laughter. "He was wonderful. He has these beautiful purple eyes that are so expressive and his voice…and his laugh…" Tèa sighed, unwrapping her arms from around her knees and leaning back on her hands, staring dreamily up at the ceiling of the shack. Even now she could imagine him there, leaning over her with his blonde bangs brushing gently against her face as he reached out to stroke her cheek before sealing his lips over hers in a deep and passionate kiss; his arm wrapping around her waist to hold her up. Tèa sighed at the mental image, tipping her head back a bit further to keep her little fantasy going longer and so she could avoid the stares of the boys.

"Did you and he…" Duke trailed off as Joey sent him a glare, the expression easy to predict. Joey would do anything to protect Serenity's innocence.

Tèa rocked her head back up, a dreamy smile on her face. "Yes. And it was fantastic."

"But I thought that…"

"I found him." Tèa shrugged, one hand draping casually across her stomach as she continued to imagine the prince sitting by her, now holding her close against his chest. She closed her eyes, trying to bring back the memory of his voice, so soft and sweet. Her smile widened as she finally accepted the fact that she had fallen in love with the prince. And, to be perfectly honest, she had ceased to care. Now she only wanted to spend the rest of her life being held by the prince. Being loved by him.

"Tèa." She sat up abruptly at the tone of Joey's voice, knowing that all the men's eyes were staring at the ground. She shifted so she was kneeling with her hand by her knees. Joey avoided her gaze, choosing to stare at the nearest wall. "Lector rode through this morning with the news that the prince was dead."

She swayed at the news, the fragile bubble of joy shattered at the news. Her mouth dropped open as she shook her head. It wasn't true. It couldn't be true.

Joey glanced over at her out of the corner of his eye. "He told us that he had watched the king kill the prince himself. Stabbed right through the heart."

"No." Tèa covered her mouth with one hand, barely noticing that Tristan had moved over so that she could lean against him. Tristan held her close, letting her sob into his shoulder. "But…I love him."

"I'm sorry, Tèa."

She pulled away at the sympathy, wrapped her arms around her stomach as she stared at the floor. Her whole world was falling apart quickly, leaving her clinging to the only thing she was sure of. She looked up as Joey made a surprised noise, shifting Serenity from his lap to lean closer to her. "Tèa, what are you hiding from us?"

"I think I might have made a mistake." She bit her lip as she said those words, shaking her head. What had happened between her and the prince would never be a mistake. It would always be the best moment of her life. But, by the sharp drawn in breath from Joey, he guessed what she meant.

"We'll take care of you. We'll protect you."

Tèa looked up, keeping her arms wrapped around her stomach, tears still falling from her eyes. "Please, don't let them get us."

*is still hiding from puzzleshippers*

Read and review please. Criticism is always welcome.