The Jerk woke up with morning wood.

He could have taken care of it, except he wasn't alone in his bedroom, and his bedroom wasn't technically a bedroom. There was a couch and a coffee table and a television between the bed and the front door, and behind the couch there was a kitchen. He was propped up a little by his pillow and he could see his feet sticking out from under the blanket. Really gnarly feet with big, weird toes. He had to get his shoes special ordered (what a hassle). The blanket was tangled around his waist and he was otherwise naked. Did a blanket count as clothing if it covered your crotch parts?

The person making him not alone was facedown on the mattress next to him, and he looked over. Danny was dead to the world. His lips were parted, but not enough to make drooling an issue. He had just a little bit of stubble on his cheek and the Jerk reached out to touch it. He stopped himself before he did, though. He didn't want to wake Danny yet. He wanted to be alone with his thoughts, alone in the world, for just a little bit longer.

The bathroom door was open a little. He could have been lonely in there, he supposed, but Danny might wake up if he heard the shower and he might consider it an invitation. The mental image - uninvited but not unwelcome - made his cock twitch under the blanket. The movement felt food against the silky smooth material, so he reached down and smoothed the blanket over his crotch. His cock became a bulge and he traced its shape with his fingers. It looked like a mountain on in the desert thanks to the brown color of the blanket, and he imagined the little Nevada towns that would surround Mt. Hard On. All the people who would scale its side and have picnics at the top.

His cock had been plump, not hard, but his actions had made it definitely take steps toward full erection. He slipped one hand under the blankets, disturbing the landscape - hundreds of Nevadans died in the sudden earthquake; he felt terrible - as he gripped his cock in his left hand. Going left today. He sometimes went right, just for the novelty of it. It always felt mildly peculiar, like someone was giving him a reach-around.

Not that he was complaining. Even a fantasy reach-around was preferable to his own hand.

He thought about the lotion on the floor next to the bed. It was on Danny's side of the bed. He wondered if he could manage to snag it without disturbing the guy who had - at some point - moved into the little basement apartment with him. He decided to just spit in his palm. He pushed the blankets down a little and looked down at his cock.

It was a nice cock, as cocks went. Big, fat when it got hard. Not too veiny. He'd seen cocks in porn with thick, grotesque veins and they always turned him off. The head was a rounded mushroom cap, slightly pinched at the top. One lover had told him it reminded her of Toad from the Mario Brothers game right before she went down on him. That was a cruel trick. Now he couldn't play the damn game without thinking about getting blown.

His pubic hair was trimmed. He knew some guys thought it was weird to spend time on that, but he took pride in it. He didn't want it shaggy and he didn't do designs (he'd once seen a guy who cut his into an arrow pointing down toward the cock. Just... no. Don't do that). Just enough to look nice, not enough that the girl looked like she had a mustache when she took him all the way into her mouth.

He stroked. He pulled his cock to one side and looked down at his balls. He guessed they were kind of small. He'd definitely seen bigger. But girls took them into their hands, and they fit perfectly, so what else did he need? Guys didn't play with them as often. He wished they would, but "Play with my balls" just sounded so horrible porno that he could never bring himself to say it. Like "Say my name," it was a mood-killer and too fake to bring into the bedroom.

Danny groaned and rolled over. The Jerk considered stopping, but he was a firm believer in 'no wood wasted.' Danny rolled over and blinked sleepily, rubbing his eyes before he sat up. He turned and watched the Jerk jerk for a minute, his elbow on his bent knee and his fist pressing against his cheek. It made his face look mashed.

"You wanna hand with that?"

"Nah, that's okay."

Danny nodded and watched for a little more. His free hand disappeared under the blankets and his arm moved, and the Jerk knew Danny was stroking himself. Danny had a thin, pencil-like cock. It was kind of perfectly shaped, and the Jerk didn't mind having it wherever Danny needed to put it. They sat together, stroking simultaneously, until Danny grunted and stopped. "I have to pee." He threw the blankets back and rolled out of bed - which he could do, since it was just a mattress on the floor.

When he stood, his erection swung like an elephant's trunk. It slapped his thighs as he stood up, dangling down as he walked to the bathroom. He pushed the door partially closed behind him and a few seconds later he heard the shower start running. The Jerk teased the head of his cock and then, realizing Danny had left, reached out to get the lotion. He stretched facedown across the mattress, his cock pinned between his body and the warm part of the mattress where Danny had been sleeping.

The Jerk closed his eyes and began to thrust his hips. Danny had left a warm crater in the sheets, and the Jerk moved his hips so that the wrinkles moved against the sides of his shaft. He held the bottle of lotion in one hand, the fingers of the other curling in the sheet. The cheeks of his ass clenched with each thrust and he bit his bottom lip as he imagined sinking into a warm body. He sat up, his cock now fully at attention as he pressed his back against the wall, cushioned by his pillow. He squirted some lotion into his palm, rubbed it in, and started stroking.

The apartment's front door - situated ten feet in front of the bed without the benefit of a door or a wall between them - swung open. He yanked the blanket back up over his dick as Casey came inside. She was slender, with straight brown hair that she wore in a messy short style. She was wearing one of those baseball shirts where the sleeves are red and the chest is gray. Her number was 8. Her jeans were snug in the hips and loose in the legs and covered with strategic, stylish tears.

"Hey, dork. Dan-yell!" She tossed her shoulder bag onto the couch as she shouted.

Casey was also Danny's sister, even though her last name was Truman and Danny's was Sheppard. The Jerk thought it was a little weird, but weird things happened with families.

"He's taking a shower." The Jerk sarcastically waved his hands at the apartment. "Please, make yourself at home."

The Jerk kept his knees bent so that his cock didn't make a tent. Casey dropped onto the couch next to her bag and planted her feet on the coffee table. She was wearing Chucks with really thick soles, and the Jerk found that extremely hot for some reason. Everything about Casey was hot. There had been times when he thought about asking her if it would be weird to sleep with a guy who'd done her brother, but he always chickened out.

Casey was fiddling with the remotes, trying to get the TV and video game system on. The Jerk was noticing just how tight her shirt was across her breasts. He snuck his hand back under the blankets and he rubbed his lotion-covered cock with two fingers just to keep himself stiff.

"Shouldn't you be at work?"

"Marcia's covering for me." The TV came on, and Casey got up. She bent down in front of the TV to pick a game to play, presenting the Jerk with her tight, denim-covered ass. The pockets had been ripped off (or had never been there in the first place; who knew what the designers had in mind?) and he could clearly see the line of her panties. He began to move his hand faster. The shower shut off, but the Jerk knew he still had time. A second later, he heard Danny brushing his teeth. He touched the place where his cock head met the shaft and stifled a moan.

"You say something?" Casey asked without turning around.

"Uh-uh. Still trying to... wake up."

Casey chose a game and plopped back onto the couch. The Jerk watched her. With the short hair and the athletic build, she looked kind of like a teenage boy. Maybe a high school baseball player. The Jerk's first hand job had been given by a high school baseball player. "Choke up on the bat," he remembered saying, laughing to hide how nervous he had been.

He wondered if Casey would let him do her in the ass. He blushed at the thought.

The sounds of Casey's video game filled the apartment. Gunfire and screams issued from their superb speaker system. The sound of the razor stopped in the bathroom. "Casey, you out there?"

"Yep. Your fucktoy didn't even offer me a drink. Some hosts."

The Jerk closed his eyes, knowing exactly what Danny would say and praying he would choose not to be a shit-disturber today. Don't, don't, don't, don't...

"He's probably still jacking off. Get your own drink." The razor started again.

I'm going to smother him when he's sleeping.

The gunfire was still sounding, but Casey was staring blankly at the screen. She finally hit pause and then slowly turned, placing her knees on the couch cushion so she could face the bed. She noted the Jerk's posture, his bare chest - did she lick her lips when she looked at his stomach? No, surely not - and then down to the stretch of blanket over his lap. "You are, aren't you?" It was just barely louder than a whisper.

"No, I stopped when you-- uh, I stopped." He put his hand on his thigh to make it less of a lie. He swallowed and looked anywhere but at Casey.

"Let me see!"

The Jerk almost choked. "What?!" It was a struggle to keep his voice low enough that Danny couldn't hear. "No!"

Casey climbed off the couch and moved to the bed. She got on her hands and knees, her hands on the foot of the bed. He could see that her ass was in the air, her feet crossed at the ankles. The Jerk wondered if she knew the position also pushed her breasts together in a very, very appealing way. Probably not. He licked his lips. God, he needed a drink.

"I've never seen a guy do that before. Please. Just real quick. Please."

"How old are you?"

He meant it as a jab, but she answered honestly. "Twenty-two, you know that. Come on. Show me." Her voice was shaking. "Let me see your dick."

His ears were burning. He pulled the blanket back before his brain could get in the way and say, "Hey, wait a fucking second," and Casey dropped her gaze to his lap. And just like that, Casey, the sister of the guy he was fucking, was looking at his hard cock. Her mouth opened in a comical look of surprise, her eyes slowly widening to match its shape, and her cheeks got red enough that he could see her freckles. She tried to say "Oooh," but it only came out as a quick exhale.

"Happy?"

"Touch it."

"Casey! God..."

Casey sat on her knees and clasped her hands as if in prayer. "Please. I just want to see how a guy does it. Come on."

The bathroom faucet turned on, splashing the sink. Danny was almost done, and the Jerk knew he only had a few seconds. "Wait 'til your brother goes to work, okay?"

She nodded rapidly and retreated to the couch. She unpaused the game just as the bathroom door opened. Danny was wearing a pair of chinos and he went to the closet to get the rest of his outfit. "Don't mind him," he said hooking a thumb toward the Jerk. "He takes this merry month of masturbation stuff really seriously. What are you doing over here again?"

Casey kept her eyes locked on the TV. "Surge --" Suzanne and George, her roommates "--are staying home again and they took over the public areas with their lame Saturday hobby area. This week it is... jigsaw puzzles." She glanced at her brother as he dressed, looked at the Jerk, and then quickly looked away. She licked her lips and that made the Jerk's cock jump.

Danny put on a plain white T and his orange polo shirt from the AT&T store. He checked his hair in the mirror - it was perfect, just like it always was when he finished his bathroom marathon, and then he sat on the couch next to Casey to put on his socks and shoes. He watched her play and then snorted. "You suck at this game."

Casey scoffed. "I could kick your ass. I'm just distracted."

"Yeah, yeah, excuses." He shoved her shoulder as he stood up. "You gonna leave eventually so my 'fucktoy,' as you call him, can get dressed?"

"I thought all twenty-year-old guys slept until noon."

"I'm twenty-ei--"

"Don't torture the guy by trapping him in bed. Be a good girl for once." He stopped to kiss the top of her head. "Love you."

"Love you." He left and Casey immediately paused the game again. She perched on the edge of the couch, almost trembling with excitement. "Take it out. Take it out again."

The Jerk sighed. "Let him get in the fucking car first." He swallowed and waited until he heard the car engine. "What exactly am I getting out of this deal, by the way? I mean--"

"You wanna watch me?"

He tried to stop himself from squeaking at the thought. Casey climbed off the couch and pushed her hips out, popping the button on her jeans and dragging the zipper down. A second later, her jeans were around her knees. She was wearing purple panties with a small butterfly on the waistband, and she dropped to her knees on the mattress near his feet. She pulled up her shirt a little so he could see her navel, her eyes locked on his crotch.

"Come on..."

"You want to see it so bad, you take it."

Casey reached out and pulled the blanket slowly away to reveal his cock. She blushed again, and she pressed her other hand against the crotch of her panties. "Oh, my God. Wow. I can't believe..." She chuckled. "Wow."

The Jerk wrapped his fingers around his cock and began to stroke. It had gotten a bit flaccid while Danny was walking around and talking, but seeing Casey like this and seeing her-- uh, yeah. He cleared his throat and began to stroke. Casey began moving her fingers, rubbing herself through her panties as she watched him.

He wanted to do maneuvers, get fancy, show her that a masturbating guy could be super hot. But there was only so much you could do. Pumping, lightly stroking, and teasing the head a little. That was it. Girls had clits, inner and outer lips, they had all kinds of things they could do to make it a real show. Guys just cranked it like an old fashioned radio. What was sexy about that?

Judging by Casey's expression, apparently a lot. She was breathing hard, which did great things to her breasts. She pulled her panties out of the way and pushed her hand inside, moaning loudly as she touched herself. The Jerk closed his eyes for a moment to get out of his head, and then opened his eyes. It wasn't Danny's sister in front of him, it was just a hot girl. A hot girl, on his bed, in her panties, with what looked like two fingers on her--

Oh, yeah, that worked.

"Don't come." She was panting. Her eyes were locked on his penis. "Don't come until I tell you, okay?"

He could only grunt by that point. Casey was bucking her hips against her hand, her other hand clenching her thigh. He slowed his stroking, keeping his hand near the head so he could tease it with two fingertips before he dragged his finger down the length of his cock. Casey whimpered and arched her back, and her shirt pulled tight across her breasts.

"Oh-oh, God." She sounded like she was about to cry. She closed her eyes and immediately opened them again. "Come. Come, please?"

"Doesn't... quite work like that..."

"I want to see you come!" She was speaking through clenched teeth, her eyes wild. She tightened her thighs around her hand and rocked her hips a few more times as she came. "You want to shoot it on me?" Her hand shot out and grabbed him.

"Casey! D-don't..." Her fingers wrapped around him, incredibly tight, and his entire body rebelled. The shock was one thing, but his brain made the connection between Casey's hand and Danny's. The fact that they were brother and sister made some smutty part of his head shut down and self-destruct, and his cock seemed to shrivel like a snail that had been salted. Casey stared at it, wide-eyed.

When she spoke, her voice was weak. "Did I break it?"

"You have slept with guys before, right? No. You didn't break it." Now that the intensity of the moment was over, he was highly embarrassed to be in this position. He grabbed the blanket and dragged it over his cock, pressing the soft material against his now even-softer penis. He hunched his shoulders and tried to sink into the mattress, and Casey sat on the foot of the bed with her legs tucked underneath her.

"Sorry." Her voice was meek.

"S'okay."

"Does it... hurt?"

It was uncomfortable, but he shrugged. "It's okay. Don't worry."

"Sorry. Would it help if I... you know... do you want a blow job?"

So I can compare your technique with Danny's? No thanks. "No thanks. I-I think it would be better if you just... went."

"Okay. I really am sorry. I just thought--"

"I know. It's okay. Sometimes it's kind of like defusing a bomb. And... sometimes the bomb... is a dud." He tried to sink deeper on the mattress. "It's not your fault. If I had my way you'd be covered in come right noooow..." His voice trailed off as he realized what he was saying. "God. Sorry. I didn't mean."

"No, it's fine. I should probably... go..."

"Yeah."

"Sorry again."

"Don't--"

"I am, though."

She got off the bed and pulled her jeans up. When she got them to her ass she did a little hop, and the Jerk stifled a groan at the sight. Please, God, tell me this is a temporary condition and I'll find her hot again soon. He definitely planned to use the mental images formed this morning to his benefit at a later date. He closed his eyes and tried to remember exactly how she had phrased "do you want a blow job?"

"Sorry again."

"At least one of us got off."

She blushed again and turned off her video game. "Really sorry."

He waved her off and she left. Finally, the Jerk was alone in his apartment. He sighed and threw the blankets back. It wasn't quite noon, but being in bed at nine in the morning was the stuff of college drop-outs and unemployed slackers. That he was both didn't mean he had to conform to the stereotype. He went into the bathroom and started the shower, hoping the hot water had enough time to recover from Danny's marathon session.

He could smell Danny's body wash, the soap he used, and he closed his eyes and inhaled. I wonder if Casey uses the same -- NO. He turned on the cold faucet; that was what he needed today. Not hot water, cold cold water. Nice cold shower to get his body working properly. He stood in front of the spray and let it hit his chest, washing down him, washing over his cock. The water cascaded around the tip and his brain betrayed him by giving him an image of Casey and her words "do you want a blow job?"

It was only creepy if you had sex with a brother and a sister at the same time. He could space them out. Danny on Saturday and Casey on a... what was the incest barrier? How many showers did he have to put between Casey's mouth and Danny's...

"Let's not go there," he said out loud. But his cock was hard again and he looked down at it, one hand braced against the tile wall. "You again. Why don't you just get the hell out of here?"

His cock ignored him.

He picked up the soap and lathered his palms. He stood in the middle of the stall, eyes closed, and forced his brain to rewrite history. Casey worked at a record store. If he'd been in there picking up Mumford & Sons instead of going into the AT&T store to pay his damn bill, he would have met Casey first. Sweet, adorable Casey with her big brown eyes and her thin lips... those retro T-shirts she wore to work. Shirts that also stretched tight across her breasts, now that he thought about it. They would have flirted, he would have asked her out, and then he would have been in the shower with her right now, and she would have said:

"Do you want a blow job?"

And he would say, "Hell yes."

And she would get on her knees.

And he would rub the tip of his cock against her lips, and she'd look up at him as she took the head into her mouth and sucked it a little. He wrapped his hands around the head of his cock, the soap making his palms slipper as he worked them down the length. Imagining Casey, imagining her taking him slowly into her mouth. He realized she would be naked in this scenario and kicked himself for not asking to see her tits that morning. He had idolized those breasts ever since he met Danny, so why had he failed when he had the chance?

Of course, if he'd met Casey first then he would be lusting over her brother, and he'd be in the exact same place he was now. There was no winning in this situation. His cock was hard, but he was nowhere near coming. He opened his eyes as she fantasy dissolved as quickly as the soap. "Fuck. Maybe she did break it."

The Jerk washed quickly, his cock bowing its head in defeat, and stepped out of the shower. He toweled off and went out into the main room of the apartment. Technically the only other full room in the apartment. He had a towel wrapped around his waist, so it wasn't as embarrassing as it could have been when he realized Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence were standing just inside the front door. "Oh... oh, fuck..."

The Lawrences were the couple who owned the house that sat on top of their basement apartment. They usually didn't interact until rent check time, and even then it was just a brief exchange of money and a receipt and a quick 'how are you doing.' Nothing compared to a mostly nude, half-erect confrontation in a room that - to him - still smelled of Casey's orgasm. And even though the apartment was his, Danny took care of paying the rent and dealing with repairs and whatnot. He cleared his throat and wondered if it would be worse to flee or to stand there and talk to them like this.

Mrs. Lawrence was staring at him with wide eyes, and Mr. Lawrence was trying very hard to look anywhere but at him. "I told you I heard him in there. Sorry to barge in on you like this." He cleared his throat.

Mrs. Lawrence smiled, and her eyes dropped to his chest and quickly darted back up to his eyes. She was in her forties, still a looker, and it did nice but inconvenient things to him to be observed like that. He swallowed and his Adam's apple bobbed up and down. "Uh... h-hi. Can I help you?"

Mr. Lawrence stepped forward. "Yes, um. A situation has come up. You're usually here during the day, is that correct?" The Jerk nodded. "My wife and I will both be out of the house all morning and I'm expecting an extremely important letter for me. I need someone to sign for it to confirm receipt. The delivery company said they would hold it, but I go to work before they open and I don't get home until after... well. You see the problem."

"Sure. Uh, yeah, I'd be happy to... yeah."

"You can stay up in the house while you're waiting. Just make yourself at home. There are some beers in the fridge and we have cable. Just try not to make a mess and everything will be dandy."

"Okay. You want me to, ah, call you when it shows up?"

Mr. Lawrence smiled. "That would be fantastic. Thank you." He smiled at his wife. "Well, that's taken care of. Oh, and since you'll be spending the day basically working for me, I'll make it worth your while when the rent check comes due for this month." He smiled and winked. "Least I can do, right? Honey, anything you need?"

"No. Oh... yes. There is something he could help me with while he's waiting. If you don't mind." This last was to the Jerk.

"No, anything... I'll help."

"Fabulous. Honey, why don't you go warm up the car? I'll be up in a second." Mr. Lawrence left, and Mrs. Lawrence walked across the room. She was smiling like a cat who had cornered a mouse, her eyes sparkling. The Jerk resisted the urge to step back as she got closer, one hand on her hip. She kept eye contact when she said, "Drop the towel."

His eyes widened. "Uh..."

"Do it right now. Fifty dollars off your next rent if you drop... the towel."

What the fuck was in the water today? He swallowed and did as she said. Her eyes dropped, locked on his flaccid cock, and she took a breath.

"Touch it while I talk to you."

He lightly stroked it, wishing he would wake up from this endless nightmare. I just want to come!

Mrs. Lawrence was toying with her necklace as she watched him. "While you're waiting, I want you to look just like this. You can have a robe on hand for when the messenger service arrives but the rest of the time, I want you naked. When we leave, I want you to go upstairs to our bedroom. There's a night stand. I want you to take whichever toy strikes your fancy, and I want you to use it. I hear you and that 'roommate' of yours sometimes when I'm getting a midnight snack. Oh, yes. I listen. And I touch myself. And then I go upstairs and I fuck myself on a toy.

"So today, you're going to use my toy. You're going to put whichever one you use under my pillow - the one closest to the window - when you're done. And tonight, I'm going to use it." She reached down and squeezed his cock. She purred, leaning in close to him. "And maybe tonight... you'll hear me." She winked and licked his lips before she pulled back.

She walked away, giving her hips a little extra sway as she shut the door. The Jerk groaned and dropped onto his mattress, burying his face in his hands as he wondered what witch he'd offended to get this curse put on him.

He finally put on some boxer shorts and a T-shirt, since their basement had an outside entrance and he wasn't about to cross even the back yard in his birthday suit. He locked the apartment when he left and went upstairs, letting himself in through the back door. The Lawrence house always smelled kind of like various fruit. He loved the smell.

He went to the front door to see if hopefully the delivery man had already brought the important package. No such luck. So he went upstairs and stuck his head into the bedroom. He felt like a thief. He tiptoed barefoot across the floor and went to the nightstand, kneeling to open the bottom drawer. He opened it--

"Holy shit."

How many dildos could one person own? He suddenly felt very bad for Mr. Lawrence. Maybe there was something wrong with him. He swallowed and gingerly picked through the assortment, wincing as he found one that was a nice length and girth. This would have to do. He pushed the drawer of iniquity shut with a shudder and carried the dildo downstairs. He looked at it as he returned to the living room.

He'd never really used toys before. He was always lucky enough to have a willing warm body nearby when he needed to get off. He started to sit on the couch, but then he remembered Mrs. Lawrence's order. He went to the bathroom and got a towel - he had a phobia about sitting on anything naked; he was sure it stemmed from childhood - and draped it over the seat cushion. Then he took off his boxers, peeled off his shirt, and sat down on the couch.

The Jerk held the dildo with both hands and stared at it. "Hello, sir. Fancy meeting you here." He rolled his eyes. He turned the toy around in his hands. He lifted it to his mouth, wet his lips, and then dropped it. It was weird. It was like picking up a cucumber and trying to eat it like an ice cream cone. He stared at the head. He brought it back to his lips again but this time, he said, "Raise! Your! Glass, if you are wrong... in all the right ways..."

The Jerk continued to use the fake cock as a microphone until he started to forget the lyrics. Then he dropped it and let the rubber cock lay across his flaccid one. His cock stirred, so he rubbed it with the dildo. He imagined Mrs. Lawrence holding it, running it over her body as she spread her legs. Okay, that was doing something. He tucked the dildo under his cock and then wrapped his fingers around them both.

He wondered if Mrs. Lawrence had lube. If--

The doorbell rang.

The Jerk invented a few brand new curse words. He grabbed his boxers and yanked them back on, storming to the door without bothering to put on his shirt. He opened the door and was face to face with a gorgeous woman in the tan uniform of Parcels Direct. Her eyes widened slightly when she saw him, but she covered it professionally.

"Package. Er... envelope for you."

He took it and quickly signed his name on the pad. He surreptitiously looked at her legs, exposed by the shorts of her uniform, and wondered what it was about a woman in Timberlands that turned him on so much. He cleared his throat to clear his mind and handed the pad back to her. "There you go."

"Thank you." She marked the pad with an X and handed him the envelope. "Have a nice day, sir."

"You, too."

He watched her walk away, eyes on her ass, and then shut the door. He locked it, and tossed the envelope onto the couch as he passed. He would call Mr. Lawrence later. Right now he had an itch to take care of. He was worried that if he didn't come soon, he might cause himself some permanent damage.

Through the backyard, back in the basement again, he pushed his shorts down and stepped out of them as he crossed the room. He dropped onto the bed and closed his eyes. So much visual stimulus that morning, maybe his cock was just holding off until it was sure it had all the possible information before it completed. Well, he wasn't going to hold off any longer. He got more lotion, rubbed it into his palms, and took his cock in his hand. He had to go nice and slow; he was starting to get sore from all the activity down there.

The Jerk thought of Danny masturbating with him. He thought of Casey and pictured her gorgeous legs and her cute panties under those torn jeans. He thought of Mrs. Lawrence, and the sexy delivery driver. He thought of Mrs. Lawrence's dildo. He ran two fingers along the underside of his cock, and he teased the head with two fingers. He groaned and lifted his hips. He could feel things stirring.

"Come on," Casey said from the foot of the bed. She was still in her panties, her jeans gone. "Come all over us."

Danny was standing next to her with his cock in hand. "You can do it."

Mrs. Lawrence and the delivery driver were there, too. They all shouted their encouragement and the Jerk pumped his cock faster, groaning as he finally came. He spurted come onto his hand, felt it on his stomach and thighs as he continued to pump. His fingers glided over his shaft, lubricated by his own jism, and he finally sagged limply to the bed. He caught his breath and pushed his hair out of his face. He smiled at the ceiling and sighed with relief.

"About time," he said.