Title: Vocation Day
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Mike's dad gives a presentation for Vocation Day,
describing and demonstrating his abilities in the field of
professional mind control.
Keywords: MD, MF, MFF, Fsolo, MC

Vocation Day by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's Note:  There should be more stories about mind controllers
giving classroom demonstrations.  To combat this shortage of
admittedly formulaic yet usually fun-to-read stroke material, we all
must do our private parts (no pun intended) to ensure that this
setting becomes even more popular than "guy wakes up in a hospital
with mind control powers and practices on the hot nurses."  Enjoy!*

                          * * * * * * * * * *

'This is never going to end,' I thought as the man at the head of the
class--Joe's dad, in fact--continued to describe his wonderful job.
Even though it was a month ago, I can remember it like it was
yesterday.

"... and then, if the margins are high enough to my satisfaction, I'll
suggest a client make that particular investment; however, I am bound
by certain regulations--both federal and state, mind you--that allow
me to give only unbiased, and totally honest, advice. That's how being
my particular type of financial advisor works; you can't just pull an
Enron anymore and fudge the numbers to your liking! Haha! Anyway, I'll
go over each of those particular regulations now, in no particular
order...."

I sighed, leaned back in my chair, readjusted my bra, and tried to
keep my eyes open. Joe's father, who was some kind of accountant or
advisor or something, had been droning on for about 20 minutes or so.
And, the promise of learning more rules I would never need to know
didn't bode well for my mission to stay awake. As he began reciting
rules by code, chapter, section, paragraph, and line; though, Mrs.
Thatcher decided enough was enough. We had one more parent in the room
who had to describe his career, and I don't think she was interested
in hearing a bunch of arcane regulations that dealt with Joe's dad's
job.

The whole idea was that, after hearing all the parents speak, we would
be able to choose our career path and start applying to college. Yep.
Just from listening to some parents ramble on about the tax codes of
New Hampshire, or--my favorite--the OSHA regulations that restrict
just how many dead squirrels Rebecca's dad can scrape off the highway
per day... and where he can put them... and where he can dispose of
them... and how bad the numerous animals smell at various stages of
decay.

"Well," Mrs. Thatcher started (interrupting Mr. Anchovy), "that was
fascinating. And, we'll pass out the literature you brought out for
the students so they, too, can understand the exciting field that
awaits them if they 'set sail on the wide accountancy,' as you put it"
she said while pointing to a large stack of books that were about 4
inches thick each.

Joe's dad just said "No problem, ma'am. Glad to help," and sat next to
Mrs. Boligraph, my best friend Valerie's very pretty mom, who was some
kind of dance instructor. He blushed as he sat next to her; she was
really good looking and wearing silk... and even I could notice her
nipples poking through a little. Mr. Anchovy was looking at her
nipples, too; his stare told me that even though he was married, he
wasn't dead..

"And now, we have Mike's father, Mr. Zachary Taylor. I'd introduce
your career, but... you left that blank?" she said as a handsome,
well-built man stood up.

He wore a tight shirt, and his jeans... 'Oh... mmmm, that ass...,' I
mused, openly gawking at him like a hooker eyeing a rich, lonely man.
I glanced around, and noticed that all of the other girls were also
taking in the sight of this unlikely god's amazing physique. It was
somehow perfect... not to mention, arousing.

"Thanks, Mrs. Thatcher. Can I call you Julie? Thanks. Now, Julie, I
think all these kids would like to see... oh wait, I got ahead of
myself," the man said, laughing a little. Continuing, he announced,
"Hi, kids, I'm Zach. Just call me Zach. Yep, I'm Mike's dad. That's my
Hummer you saw in the parking lot, and I'll be getting another hummer
before I leave this class!"

Everybody was impressed. I, and some of the other girls, even said
"oooooooh," although it was not really intentional. It just slipped
out. Power is so sexy, especially in a man. Especially this one; he
was clearly wealthy and commanded respect.

Jenny, a girl next to me, raised her hand. She started asking a
question, but all I could notice for a while was the way her tight
baby doll shirt hugged the underside of her right breast. Suddenly, I
wondered what it would be like to hold it. Her tits were larger than
mine, and the one I was staring at looked...

'Sara! Snap the fuck out of it!' my conscious screamed, knocking me
out of my small trance. I looked around as Jenny continued to talk,
and a lot of other girls--and all the guys--were staring at the same
thing I had been staring at.

"... so, what do you do?" Jenny said as she finally finished her
question. I swear she never uses one word when ten will do just as
well.

"Glad you asked. Boys and girls, ladies and gentlemen, I am a mind
controller. I know what you're thinking: 'And what sort of job is mind
controlling,' right? Well, basically, I make money by selling my
services to rich people who need me to make someone have an attitude
adjustment. A very specific adjustment, sometimes; other times, just a
general re-wiring of a person's personality, memories, actions, or
whatever. The customer is always right."

'What the fuck did he say?' I thought. 'that's not real. That's... oh,
he's playing some joke. I wonder what this is all about... where's the
camera...?'

"You there, uh, Sara, is it?" he asked, looking at me.

I stood up and answered, "Yes." Funny... I don't remember wanting to
jump to my feet that fast and answer him.

"You don't believe me, do you? You're not alone. Mrs. Thatcher there,
who is about to start playing with herself under her skirt, thinks
that inviting me here was a mistake. Don't you, Julie?"

Julie--I forgot her last name, she was just Julie now, a pretty woman
who was about as sexy a teacher as I could ask for--just reached up
her skirt and began moving her arm (and, I assume, hand and fingers)
around. After a few (apparently!) involuntary grunts, she said, "...
yesssss... how are you making... me... oh, do this... ungh!"

After that final grunt, she continued to fiddle about--but she slumped
back, rolled her eyes to the ceiling, and let out a long moan.

"Yep, you just came. I made you play with yourself, and I even sent
you a little orgasm. And, I was able to do it all because I'm a
controller of minds. Another example: Jenny--yes you, Ms. Ten-Minute-
Question--please come to the front of the class and show us your tits.
We're all dying to see them."

She looked at me, and by the look on her face, she was extremely
annoyed to even be a witness to such a request, much less the target.
And, she was probably very surprised to find herself walking to the
front of the class. There, she took off her top and bra. She looked
very scared and about to cry, but he whispered something to her and
she relaxed. She even bounced up and down and shook side to side
quickly so they'd jiggle.

"This is great! Thanks, Zach. I always wanted to do this! I love being
naked," she said, taking off the rest of her clothes as if nothing
were out of the ordinary.

'Damn, she keeps that shaved!' I thought as my eyes roamed her body,
stopping briefly at her crotch. Oddly enough, I had never really
looked at a girl as a sexual object. But, that's what Jenny was...
something designed just for fucking. Hell, I was straight, and even I
wanted some of her.

I dragged my eyes away from her snatch, and up over her perfect body.
I noticed a strange look on her face; she appeared to be listening to
some instruction--even though nobody was talking. Then, she started
dancing like a stripper, making two laps around the classroom, and
stopping when she was in front of Mrs. Boligraph and Mr. Anchovy. She
proceeded to give them quickly alternating lap dance attention, and I
saw them start to get undressed.

Suddenly, though, it wasn't important enough for me to watch and I
looked at Zach again, who was sitting on Julie's chair in front of her
desk. Julie, naked from the waist down, was on her knees and....

'Oh fuck! She's sucking his dick right here in class! Damn... she
looks good, and she could teach a class on cocksucking... I wonder if
we could get together for some private lessons... and maybe even
practice a little pussy licking....' I thought. Then, he looked right
at me.

"Sara? Do you believe me now?" he asked.

Still standing, I said (before I could think of a way to phrase it or
even lie), "Yes, Zach."

"And, will you--or anyone else here--say a word about it or try to
tell any authorities?"

What a stupid question. "Of course not, Zach," I said. Everyone else
nodded or mumbled in agreement.

"Would you do so under other circumstances? Isn't it odd that you
would not tell anyone about this, seeing as how it's just so damn
unusual?"

"Well," I said, "I guess so. But, clearly, telling anyone about this
particular situation would be a dumb idea. Can I sit now?" I said,
getting nervous. I could hear Jenny's moans, and judging by what Mr.
Anchovy was saying and what Jenny and Mrs. Boligraph were moaning and
screaming, one of them was getting a cock in the ass while the other
ate out the one getting butt-fucked. When I heard a woman scream, I
snuck a peek to where the other parents were sitting to see if I was
right about the "fucking arrangement."

'So, Mrs. Boligraph likes it in the back door... and I bet Jenny's
tongue would feel good on my...'

"Sure, Sara," Zach said, focusing my attention on him again. "Good
girl. Now, sit down," he told me. I sat without hesitation.

"Focus, people," he continued. "Some of you might want to know what I
can do. Clearly, I can make people do things, and even enjoy them.
But, did you know that, because of the way our brains process
sensation, I can make people feel certain physical sensations--given
almost any stimuli or situation, or even regardless of either?"

Mary, the really cute (but really skinny; she needed some
cheeseburgers!) redhead who sat behind me, stood and asked a question.
"Uh... damn, you're making me strip. Whatever," she began. When she
tossed her bra over my shoulder (it landed on my desk), I turned to
watch her, and she continued.

"Anyway, how can you do that? I mean, let's say you wanted to make me
feel like I have a cock in my tight cunt. I know that there doesn't
have to be one there, since all physical sensation actually occurs in
the brain and not where the stimulation is on the body. But, I'm a
virgin and I've never put anything in there--how could you make me
feel like I was getting fucked? I doubt you could...." she said in a
manner that was both intelligent and uncharacteristically foul-
mouthed. Her hands went to her clit, but no further; they just started
rubbing...

'I wonder what she tastes like,' I thought, catching myself thinking
again about a girl sexually, something that had never happened before
until that day. 'This Zach guy is pretty cool... maybe he'll want to
do something to me, or even fuck....' I thought. 'I wish I could see
his cock... I bet it's wonderful. But, Julie's head is still bobbing
up and down, and she's in the way....'

"Good question, Mary," he responded, snapping me again out of a hot
daydream. "I know you're a virgin, so I can't just dig into your mind
and make you feel what you felt when a cock pounded your cunt. But,
because I've played in a lot of women's minds, I can now let you know
what you're missing out on by using a mix of the sensations they
remember, and giving them to you. Here ya go," he said.

A moment later, Mary, who had been right behind me, leaned over her
desk and grabbed my shoulders for support. My head snapped forward as
her hands landed on my shoulder, and she immediately let out a yell.

A few moments later, she was rocking back and forth slightly, and she
lifted her head. "Oh fuck! FUCK! Mmmmmm, fuck, oh, faster... yeah, oh,
harder... fuck, how is this... mmmmmmmmmm, yeah... oh oh...!" she
yelped and moaned. Suddenly, she dug her mouth into my shoulder again
and screamed so loud I thought she'd pop a lung.

"Fuck, it just keeps going... oh fuck I came, I came, I came! Make
it... oh God, it's not stopping! OOOOH! Now there's something on my
clitty... fuck! FUCK! Someone licking my nipples!" she screamed,
increasingly incoherently, as she now lay the side of her head on my
shoulder. I could feel her body thrashing, and it was increasingly
getting more hectic as she screamed louder and louder.

'At least she's not yelling in your ear,' I thought. Whatever was
going on, though, I was getting wet; she was certainly having an
effect on me. Maybe we'd have to hang out more after school.

"Class," Zach began, "She's feeling what it's like to have me fuck her
while someone else sucks on her nipples and clit. And this," he added,
nodding and winking at the quivering mass of sex that was Mary (and
making her squeal a little!), "is the addition of something in her
ass. She'll never forget this, and will now feel it any time she has
sex... which I'm betting she's planning on doing a lot, seeing as how
she will get more enjoyment from even the most pedestrian sex than
most people get from the kinkiest sex. Isn't that right, Mary?"

Again, Mary came loudly, but this time, just sat back down. I turned
around to get a look, and she was sweaty breathing heavily... but
apparently relaxing. She breathily moaned, "Yesssssss...."

"Good. Julie, please slow down a little and start fingering yourself
again." Julie complied, I noticed as I turned back to the front of the
class. "Great. Now, here's the main reason for this visit. You see,
there was no "Vocation Day" until I planted it in your heads last week
when I dropped by... oh yeah, which you don't remember. Nevermind.
Anyway, I'd like to let you know that today is Mike's birthday. He's
eighteen today."

We all stood up and applauded him. Well, everyone except Julie, the
other parents (who were all starting to form an orgy in a back corner
of the room), and the Mr. Anchovy/Mrs. Boligrapho/Jenny threesome that
was already in high gear.

"And," Zach said, "he is getting a gift today. It's time for him to
learn the family trade. His present is... this school."

Mike jumped out of his desk and did a short happy dance. He clearly
wanted this. And, when he looked at me, I was happy for him. 'He's
also really fuckin' cute,' I thought. 'He'll get laid a lot, and I
hope he fucks me more than anyone else....'

It was then that I noticed my hands pawing at my ample tits, and
working to get my top off. I eventually stood up to untuck my blouse
from my skirt, although I don't remember wanting to do that.

"Happy birthday, son. You are now in complete control of this school,
and I will be watching, as will others. Your powers don't exist
outside the school, and all changes you make will only matter here. If
you can prove that you can handle this power without drawing undue
attention or severely mindfucking people to the point that the 'undue
attention' I just mentioned decides that you have to be 'taken care
of,' I'll remove that restriction and give you the town."

"Thanks dad!" Mike said as I finally got all my clothes off. I looked
around, and all the girls were getting naked. In fact, so were the
guys... the class was about half male, and the other girls started
pairing up anywhere they could in the aisles. But, I still just stood
there.

Zach went behind Julie's desk, and Julie got in front of him, bent
over, and grabbed the front of the desk so she could watch us as she
was fucked doggy-style. As Zach started fucking her from behind, he
pointed to me and said, "I take it that's Sara?"

Mike was blushing, but said, "Yes." It was amazing that he'd be
apparently shy; his power--one I already had total faith in--was
awesome, and he was the best looking man I'd ever seen. He should have
all kinds of confidence.

"OK. Sara?" Mike asked, pumping away at my teacher slut. Or was it my
slut teacher?

"Yesssss?" I playfully teased, pinching my nipples while thinking, 'Oh
fuck, just trying to guess which one of them is making me play with my
tits is making me even hornier!!'

"Mike's in total control of you, in and out of school. He wanted a
girlfriend for his birthday as well as mind control powers, and he
handpicked you. You'll do whatever he wants, and his control over you
is total--in fact, he doesn't even have to speak his commands to you.
Anything he does is fine by you because you love him so much," he
said.

By the time he told me that, I noticed that I was totally a passenger
in my own body. I could feel Mike's mind in mine, and he was using my
hands to feel every square inch of my body; since I could sense some
of his thoughts while he was in me, I knew he wanted to know what I
felt like to my own hands. And, I could tell he was getting very
aroused as he felt the sensations as my hands and fingers rubbed my
now hyper-sensitive pussy. It was like getting fingered by a really
cute guy and much more powerful than when I just masturbate. And, no
matter how hard I tried, I could not regain control of my hands.

That only made it hotter.

When my hands brought me to one quick orgasm, I found myself in
control enough again to go Mike, kneel down in front of him, and take
his cock out of his jeans, stroking the stiffening member to life. I
was distracted briefly when Julie screamed; I looked over and Zach was
leaning over her body and whispering to her. She smiled and moaned,
and he backed up, walked to where his pants were, and got dressed.

While his dad walked to the door, Mike went to the chair where his dad
had been sitting (it was still in front of my teacher's desk) and sat
down, leaving me panting with desire. His prick was pointing straight
up, and as I approached, I knew what to do. Facing him, I straddled
him, lowered my cunt onto his rod, and started riding him... like all
those scenes in those porno movies I could suddenly remember watching.
Every touch of his hands or lips on me lit me on fire a little more,
and when the warning bell rang (which it did 10 minutes before the end
of any class), everybody in the class screamed, grunted, or moaned in
ecstasy as they came.

Or, at least I assumed they came. I know I did, and so did Mike.

As I continued to wiggle on Mike's slowly disappearing erection, I
realized that I--and by the looks of things, everyone else--knew it
was time to get dressed. Class was almost over.

That was four weeks ago. Except for that one class orgy, nothing too
out of the ordinary has happened. I mean, obviously, we've won all of
our home games, thanks to the serious mistakes of all opposing teams.
And, Mike really loves me--he fucks me more times a week than all of
the cheerleaders combined. I guess the main thing that I notice as
being different is the fact that all the girls here are now really,
really horny all school day long--for any kind of sex, even with other
girls, which we all can't believe we ever did without.

That, and Julie's Cocksucking and Cuntlicking classes have started,
although the potential students have to share Julie as a teacher and
practice dummy. And, let's just say we girls don't skip the showers at
the end of gym anymore, although I can't say we get much cleaner after
a good "shower."

I've found that a ride on Mary is, by far, the best trip anyone can
take in my gym class; she reacts just as Mike's dad said she would. In
fact, she's become something of a willing fucktoy, passing herself
around to any boy or girl who finds pretty, petite redheads sexy. He
made a few other adjustments to school life, but it's mostly about the
same as it used to be.

I just can't wait for this Friday's formal dance. It's in the school's
auditorium, and Mike promises me that it'll be a night that neither of
us will forget, even, he keeps reminding me, if everyone else will
have trouble remembering it. He even said that he passed his test, and
he'll be getting his full powers the day before the dance, although
he'll be carefully watched for the first few months. He was so happy
he said I can ask for anything I want as a gift, and I've been racking
my brain when I'm not busy fucking him or the group of girls he's also
fucking.

Yesterday, as I pondered what to ask for, I saw Jenny and shouted,
"Show me your tits!" She got an annoyed look on her face, dropped her
books, and complied. I pinched her nipples a little, and she sighed
and rolled her head from side to side. 'A little more of this pinching
and she'll be begging to fuck....' I realized, only to remember that
we both had class to get to and didn't have time to play.

"Please... let me go," Jenny said. Mike made her obey any command to
reveal her boobs given to her by anyone at all while at the school,
but she still retains all her normal thoughts (plus the standard
horniness), so she's quite fun to play with... especially since her
tits are just perfect. I smacked her on her ass, thanked her, and she
walked away, happy to be able to cover up again but hornier than she
had been a moment ago.

It was then, watching her sexy ass sway as she walked down the hall,
that I decided what to ask for. He shouldn't be the only one with a
fuckpuppet.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2005, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.