Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Rogue's Harem Book 1, Part 4: Princess's Passion
Summary: Sven watches his sister's naughty dance.
Keywords: FF MF fantasy magic exhib oral inc voy anal creampie

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Chapter Ten: Sister's Naughty Dance

Kora Falk  Cheyvn, Kivoneth Princedom, Strifelands of Zeutch

It was hard not to smile at the enthusiasm on Zanyia's face as she slid off my lap and beneath the table I sat at. I shivered, my eyes flicking back over to my brother, a big grin on his face as Marita and Josephine licked his cum off Elli's big tits. He loved the depraved sight. And so did I. My pussy burned so hot, my mouth watering to lick those white globes of spunk off the busty maid's breasts.

I loved my brother's cum. The last few days, making love to Sven and Zanyia every time we camped as we journeyed to Cheyvn, were magical. And now we had to pretend we weren't lover's again. 

Zanyia's purring grew louder beneath the table. She opened my pink robes. Other men in the common room drew their eyes from my brother's depraved fun to me, leering as my breasts slipped into view, the ruby amulet nestled between them. My boobs were round, my pink nipples upswept, my left tit encircled by the tattoo of a flowering vine. They lusted for me.

In the past, I'd take one to my bed, letting them fuck me to satiate the ache for my brother. But now... I didn't want to settle for other men. I wanted my brother. I wanted him right now. His cock sliding in me, fucking me before all these people, letting them see our incestuous love.

Zanyia's smooth cheek rubbed down my inner thigh, her purring rumbling out of her throat. She sounded so much a like a cat. Her head came into view, peeking out from beneath the table, her tawny ears twitching. I shivered, glad I had her. 

And then her mouth nuzzled into my shaved pussy. I gave a whimper, my twin braids shifting behind me. Zanyia's rough tongue, so different from a human's, lapped through my folds. Her pale fingers stroked my thighs as she nuzzled into my snatch, drinking my juices like a cat at the milk saucer.

Oh, you naughty lamia, I groaned, shifting on the chair, my eyes watching my brother. He spoke, looking animated while the barmaids cleaned his spunk off Elli's tits. He's telling them about rescuing you, I bet. Making it seem far more heroic and outstanding then it was. He's a good storyteller.

He was heroic, Mistress, Zanyia purred. He saved me and fought Therek.

I smiled. Yes, he did.

The lamia lapped through my pussy again. Another shiver ran through my body, my breasts quivering, the amulet swaying between them. I felt the eyes on me, men leering, wishing to fuck the priestess of Rithi, to discover if we could make love as well as a temple-prostitute of Slata. Juices flooded out of me and into Zanyia's licking mouth.

You going to dance for us, Heidi? a gruff voice asked, using the pseudonym I went by. Kora Falk had a bounty on her head.

Maybe, I groaned. After my little kitty-cat licks me to an orgasm.

A cheer went up through the men, attracting my brother's blue eyes. He grinned at me for a moment before the maids caught his attention again. Elli rose, her big tits bouncing, licked clean of spunk, as she settled on his lap.

What did you do? I heard her ask over the crowd. When the warleader came awake?

My brother grinned at her. I knew from the way his face twitched that Elli's pussy slid down his dick. My cunt clenched hard. My thighs tightened on Zanyia's face, trapping the lamia against my dripping snatch.

She tongued me so hard, brushing my clit with that delicious, rough texture of her tongue. My body quivered, breasts jiggling and seat creaking. I loved how the amulet swayed between them. Then she slammed her tongue into my hot depths, teasing my sheath as she wiggled her tongue in circles.

Zanyia, yes! I groaned. Rithi's delicate fingers, you're such a good kitty cat.

Zanyia purred louder. The rumbles buzzed through my pussy. Her nose rubbed at my clit, her face rooting around while her ears twitched more. I flicked my gaze from her golden eyes staring up at me to Elli riding my brother's cock. Not hard and fast, but slow, savoring that delicious shaft in her cunt. Lucky slut.

I'd savor it, too.

A whimper escaped my lips, Zanyia's tongue probing as deep as she could reach into my pussy. Delight rippled through me, building and building as more and more men gathered near me, rubbing at their crotches while sipping tankards of foamy ale.

She's dancing right now for us, one grinned, a thick, blond beard gracing his face, his body muscular from labor. The type of rugged man I used to fuck when I couldn't have Sven.

Maybe I had fucked him.

Gods, she is, another groaned. Show us Rithi's beauty, Radiant!

Yes! I gasped, my hands squeezing my tits, lifting them up for their appreciation. Art was found in everything, even sex. But if no one witnessed it, if no one saw it, then they couldn't see its beauty. The more they stared at me, the hotter I became as I performed. Watch the little kitty-cat lick my pussy. I'm going to cream her face.

Give Zanyia what she wants! my brother shouted over the men.

Yes, Hans! I moaned, remembering his fake name.

Yes, yes, do it, Heidi, gasped Elli, throwing a look over her shoulder as she rode my brother's cock. Her big, naked breasts bounced before his face. 

I licked my lips, wishing to share that busty beauty with my brother. To suck on those tits with her, to nibble on those fat nipples, and then lick her pussy from beneath the table as she rode up and down his cock, waiting for him to spill in her. Then when she slid her snatch off his dick, I'd be ready. I'd lock my mouth over her hole and drink the incestuous jizz leaking out.

My eyes rolled back into my head. I performed. Oh, you naughty kitty-cat, lick my pussy. Make me cream that face.

Zanyia purred louder. She licked and lapped and nuzzled through my snatch. Her rough tongue caressed my labia, played with my clit, sent pleasure racing through my body. I spasmed and gasped. My moans sang through the common rooms, meeting with the rising moans of Elli and the lust of the watching men.

I grinned at them. I pursed my lips and fluttered my blue eyes. I made them hard. I made them horny. Other buxom lasses, moving through the room, giggled as they were pulled into laps, their bodices coming open, heavy tits spilling into view. They were sucked on by hungry lips, their asses fondled, their skirts hiked.

The buxom lasses, who gave the inn its name, were infamous for their friendly service. They were always ready to give a patron an extra treat. Each and every one had the appetites to be a Priestess of Slata. But they were earthier girls, not ones who wanted the cloistered life of a priestess and only enjoying men during allotted times.

They were eager to fuck at any time.

And I inspired them. Rithi's creative gaze! I gasped. Yes, yes, yes!

My excitement built as art burned around me. Elli riding my brother's cock faster, her braided pigtails bouncing around her, big tits heaving. A redheaded maid name Annika gasped and shuddered, stretched out on a table while two men sucked on her big tits and a third reamed her pussy. Mirjam, another maid, moaned her rapture, taking a cock up her ass, a big, burly miner ramming hard into her and making her squeal.

My orgasm swelled in me. I pinched my nipples, delighting in the beauty of sex roaring around me. The air filled with the juicy musk of hot pussy. My snatch clenched on Zanyia's tongue whipping through my sheath, stirring me to a froth as she purred, wanting me to cum.

Loving me.

Beautiful Rithi, yes! I gasped and bucked, crying out to my patron. Zanyia, you wonderful kitty-cat!

I came.

My pussy spasmed hard. My juices squirted out. Zanyia lapped up the flood, her golden cat-eyes burning with delight. Her ears twitched as her tongue licked through my cumming folds. Every caress sent new waves of rapture shooting through me.

Heidi! cheered the watching me, drinking in the beauty of my orgasm, watching my art writhe before their very eyes.

Rapture drowned my mind. Ecstasy boiled my thoughts. I gasped and whimpered. I pinched my nipples, twisting them as my eyes fluttered. My chair creaked as I leaned back into it. A violet spasm wracked my body, propelling my orgasm to its peak.

I hung there, my eyes catching my brother's, face twisted in rapture as he watched me cum, flooding Elli's pussy. For a heartbeat that lasted an eternity, we held each other's gaze. I felt our incestuous love blazing so hot.

And wished we performed together. No art should be forbidden. 

My pleasure crashed. I groaned, slumping into the chair, my face flushed. The men cheered, some stroking their cocks, honoring me with their own sloppy art as their cum spurted and splashed onto the floor.

Zanyia lifted cream-smeared face from my thighs and beamed at me. And now you really need to perform.

I blinked at her and then smiled, realizing what she meant.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sven Falk

Oh, Hans, yes, Elli moaned, her pussy milking out the last of my cum. Gods, you are such a stud. You have to tell me who enchanted your cock to have so much staying power.

I grinned at her, pulling my gaze away from my sister. You please a priestess of Slata more than she's ever experienced, and she'll do things for you.

You wicked stud, giggled curvy Josephine, the maid's sandy-blonde hair framing her round face. Plump cheeks glowed with excitement her skirts hiked up, showing off her soaked pubic hair. It's my turn, Elli. Get off of him. But thanks for lubing him.

Oh, going for anal? Elli asked, shuddering as she rose on my dick.

Always, grinned Josephine.

I groaned, my dick twitching, loving the silky glide of her pussy. Then she popped off, sitting herself on the table. Marita fell to her knees, burying her head beneath Elli's skirt. The buxom maid gasped as Marita lapped her pussy clean.

My dick twitch.

Josephine slid before me, her naked rump, a curvy masterpiece, wiggling before me. Then she sat down, my dick prodding at her pussy. She shivered, sliding forward. I groaned, the wet tip of my dick rubbing past her taint and sinking between the cheeks of her ass. I felt her sphincter.

She impaled her asshole down my cock.

Oh, gods, Hans! she whimpered, her bowels sinking down my pussy-lubed cock. Oh, what a gift you are. Slata be praised for creating you.

I think my mother and father created me, I groaned, wrapping my arms around her body, my hands finding her large tits.

Mmm, but Slata created motherhood. And she birthed humans, so she created us all.

I grunted, squeezing her tits. Then she created this tight asshole wrapped about my cock. I should visit her temple again.

And that priestess who enchanted your dick? she asked. You want to make her cum again?

Imagine what she'll do if I satiate her like never before a second time.

Josephine laughed, her bowels clenching on my cock. Then she leaned forward, bracing her elbows on the table beside Elli. The table creaked as she used her arms to help raise her asshole on my dick. Hot friction burned. I groaned, moving my hands to her hips, gripping her waist through her bunched-up skirts.

And fucked her on my shaft.

A cheer went through the common room. My sister, naked, climbed onto her table, Zanyia leaning on it, staring up at her ass. I groaned, my dick throbbing as I drank in her beauty. Her vine tattoos intertwined her pale body, the pink flowers captured in perfection, some opening into blossoms, others buds closed virgin tight. Her blonde braids swayed down her sleek back as the men clapped a beat around her.

My dick throbbed in Josephine's ass as I worked up her up and down my shaft. Her hot bowels caressed my cock with velvety delight. I groaned, my hands clenching about her hips as my eyes locked onto my sister.

I shouldn't stare at her with such lust. What if someone noticed?

But as her hips began their slow undulation, dancing with an unseen lover, I couldn't look away. My mouth went dry. My balls throbbed, filling with another load to dump into Josephine's ass. My sister's sway grew, her breasts jiggling, her upswept nipples so hard, and the ruby flashing between her tits arrested the gaze on her delicious assets.

Her hands caressed her body, touching herself like they were her unseen lover's hands. Her blue eyes caught mine. And I knew who she thought of touching her. I groaned, bouncing Josephine faster and faster on my dick.

What a beauty, Elli gasped. Look at her.

I only nodded.

Kora spun now, her hands sliding up her body, cupping her breasts while her hips rotated in circles, moving in such limber fashion. Her feet glided across the table, hardly touching it like she danced on a cloud instead of rough wood. Her braids flared out, the men whistling and cheering around her.

Josephine leaned back into me, twisting her body to throw her right arm around my neck. Her breast rubbed against my face as I pumped her up and down on my dick. Her bowels so hot and tight, my dick aching in their embrace.

You want to fuck her, don't you? she whispered.

What, no, I groaned, fighting to look away from my sister. But Kora entranced me. So lovely, the goddess Rithi made flesh, dancing with beatific grace.

You really do, she groaned, her bowels clenching. I like my brother, too. So I think it's hot that you want her.

I grunted, my eyes flicking to Josephine's.

Ooh, you've already fucked her? She shook her head. No, you've made love to her.

I didn't answer, my heart racing, my dick aching. My sister danced in the corner of my eyes. My attention went back to her even as Josephine purred her delight, her bowels growing so hot and tight on my dick as I lifted her curvy body up and down.

I've been with my brother, she moaned. It's the best sex I've ever had. He took my cherry. And whenever I can, I enjoy him. His wife has no idea what he does when he visits his little sister.

Gods, I groaned, my balls aching.

And you want Heidi so badly. You wish it was her ass on your cock.

Yes, I groaned, my voice so throaty. Kora's dance slow, turning into a sensual writhe, her whole body wiggling as her fingers rubbed at her shaved pussy, her face twisting in whimpering pleasure. She wants me touching her right now.

But you can't, gasped Josephine. You want her tonight. In your bed.

Yes! I groaned, my dick aching, bouncing her harder and harder as Kora threw back her head, moaning over the clapping beat of the watching men, rubbing herself to her climax.

Take me to bed tonight, gasped Josephine. Choose me over the other maids, and I'll make sure it's your sister who shows up.

Yes, I grunted, bucking up from my chair, ramming my cock into her bowels as my sister came.

Her screams of passion echoed through the common room before the lusty cheers drowned her out. My dick twitched. My cum fired out of my cock. Josephine gasped, feeling my cum flood her bowels. She slammed down my shaft. Then she let out a moan.

I'll make your dreams come true! howled the naughty maid, her bowels milking my dick as she came on my cock.

Elli whipped her head around, shuddering as she came on Marita's mouth. What dreams?

I winked at Elli as I held Josephine's waist, hugging her as her bowels writhed about my cock. The last of my cum spilled into her. I panted, my body buzzing with rapture, eager for tonight. I needed to enjoy Kora again. I wanted to make love to my sister over and over.

Then I groaned as Josephine pulled off my cock, her skirt falling back in place. She struck out through the crowd, laughing, giggling, fending off friendly hands as she made her way to my trembling sister. The curvy maid climbed on the table with her, hugged her fiercely, and whispered in her ears.

Kora's eyes found mine, widening in shock. And then she smiled and whispered something back.

Mmm, now I get to clean your dick, Marita purred, her face smeared with pussy cream.

Chapter Eleven: Naughty Kitty-Cat

Zanyia

You're so good for helping out Master and Mistress, I purred, parting Josephine's plump butt-cheeks. She lay on her belly on Kora's bed in her room in the inn. It was a small room, a narrow bed, mattress stuffed with straw, shoved beneath the eaves. My tail brushed the rafters as it flicked back and forth, excited.

Every brother should know the joy of making love to his sister, Josephine giggled as I stared down at her butt-cheeks, Master's cum leaking out of her well-fucked asshole.

I smelled the salty jizz and her sour ass, a wonderful flavor. I purred, And that's why you deserve your reward for letting them have their special time.

Josephine gave a wicked giggle. And does that reward include having a naughty lamia lick my ass clean of her Master's cum.

Yes!

I buried my face between the cheeks of her ass, my little pussy on fire. I ignored it, trained by years of slavery in Zizthithana's court in the city of Kozzithni to deny my own pleasures. I concentrated on rewarding Josephine, my tongue lapping up Master's jizz staining her taint and clinging between the cheeks of her ass.

I loved it. Choosing who I rewarded. Though Sven owned me, I still could make choices. Like pleasing this woman. My heart beat with such joy. How did I, out of all of my race, get so lucky to be rescued by such an amazing man?

I purred louder, loving the jizz I lapped up, savoring the salty flavor tinged with Josephine's sour musk. It sent such a naughty thrill through me as my tongue cleaned through her butt-cheeks, nearing her sphincter with every lick.

And then I found it.

Zanyia! groaned Josephine, letting out a throaty moan as she wiggled her hips, my tongue swirling about her sphincter, cleaning up the jizz bubbling out of her asshole. Ooh, yes, Hans is so lucky to have you.

I tried not to giggle, finding it so strange that Master had a second name. Hans. I liked Sven better. It felt stronger, like him. 

Mmm, yes, eat my ass, you naughty lamia, she gasped. Oh, I wish I could keep you. That tongue... So different from a human's.

If you wanted to own me, you should have rescued me, I giggled then plunged my tongue into her sphincter.

Gods, yes! she gasped, my tongue wiggling through her bowels. Sven earned your passion. He's so gallant.

I agreed, my tail twitching faster, my pussy growing hotter. Juices dribbled down my thighs as I lapped up Master's cum I found in her bowels. I savored the sour musk, resisting the heat burning in my cunt, begging for my attention and...

My ears twitched. I didn't have to deny myself. Josephine wouldn't beat me for cumming without permission. She'd wouldn't care if I pleasured myself while licking her asshole. Sven wouldn't be angry, either. He liked it when his women cum.

My purr grew louder as I rubbed the end of my tail against my hot pussy. The bristling hairs caressed my pussy through my trimmed bush. I shuddered, my clit throbbing when I caressed the little button.

Oh, yes, gasped Josephine. I love your purring. It's so exciting.

My joy rumbled out of my throat, my tail caressing my pussy lips. I stroked up and down my slit, rubbing my ticklish fur into my sensitive flesh. Pleasure rippled through my body. My ears twitched while my hips wiggled.

I swirled my tongue through her asshole, gathering up every drop of jizz I could find. The salty-sour flavor melted on my tongue. I shivered, waves of delight washing through me, stars washing across my vision as my pleasure built.

Josephine needed the same pleasure.

Zanyia! she gasped, my fingers plunging into her pussy.

Her hot, silky depths clenched down on my dicks. She whimpered into the pillow she hugged, her butt-cheeks clenching about my face. I swirled my tongue faster through her bowels, whipping her up to a froth as I plunged my fingers faster and faster into her dripping snatch.

You naughty lamia! Ooh, such a good kitty-cat!

I was.

I rubbed harder at my pussy with my tail, my body shivering. I curled my fingers in her pussy, searching for that special spot. When her bowels clenched on my tongue and her cunt on my fingers, I knew I had it. I attacked it.

She gasped out in wordless pleasure. Her back arched. Her pussy convulsed. Hot juices flooded out of her snatch, bathing my fingers in her passion. Her clenching bowels forced out more cum from deeper inside of her.

I loved it.

Slata's hairy cunt! Yes! Josephine howled. You wonderful lamia!

I shivered in delight, so happy I made her cum. My tail rubbed at my pussy, caressing my clit. Pleasure exploded in my nethers. I yowled, lifting my head from her ass as rapture rushed through me. More stars washed across my vision. I quivered, soaking my tail with my cream, filling the air with my sweet musk.

I savored my pleasure, able to control when I received it. My ears twitched. I was free. Free! I loved Master so much for this gift.

Oh, what a good reward, panted Josephine.

I nipped her butt-cheek. And we have all night to have more!

She laughed, rolling over. Yes, we do.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kara Falk

My body buzzed from my orgasm, Sven's cum leaking out of my pussy. His arm pulled me closer. I rested my head on his chest, listening to the beat of his heart, feeling his chest rise and fall as he breathed. The air filled with our incestuous musk, that wonderful mix of sweat and hot pussy and salty cum.

Love you, Sven murmured.

I smiled, closing my eyes and just wanting to savor this moment. 

It's nice being in the same bed, he added.

More comfortable than a bedroll, I agreed. It's like we're really a couple. Married... What a dream that would be.

We are, he said, stroking my shoulder.

I closed my eyes, wanting to enjoy the lie. But I knew this couldn't last forever. One day, we'd kill Prince Meinard and avenge our parents and sister. Then Sven would marry Princess Ava. He'd probably end up ruling Meinard's lands, usurping him in every way.

And it would be over between us. Ava could never know about our relationship. She tolerated his dalliance, even enjoyed sharing them with him. But incest? No, she wouldn't accept that. She'd be horrified. Not everyone could be like Josephine, that wonderful barmaid.

It was so much fun using my magic to swap our appearances. Everyone though my brother went upstairs with that plump maid instead of me. Poor Marita and Elli were crushed not to be taken, but we couldn't trust them not to talk.

I closed my eyes, loving the feel of his chest rising and falling against my breasts, his heart beating. It slowed as his passions died. His hand held my shoulder, his thumb stroking my skin. His other hand found mine resting on his muscular stomach, caressing it.

A smile curled my lips.

That naughty itch grew in my pussy again, but I ignored it. I wanted to cuddle for as long as possible. Sven didn't cuddle with whores. As much as I wanted to be his whore, to be fucked by him in the common room, I also wanted to be his lover. I wanted to be everything. Wife, mistress, whore. 

Princess Ava would be his wife. 

A thought jolted through me, banishing the comfortable daze I lay in. I gasped, lifting my head up from my brothers chest, looking at him in realization.

What? he asked.

Ava sent that new statue. You have to let her know you got it. She sent it to us for a reason.

Sven's hand tightened on my hand. He drew it down his body to the golden thatch surrounding his hard cock, still wet with my pussy juices. I thought I could love you again.

I squeezed his slick dick. Mmm, if we do that, we'll never get to Ava's gift. I'm not going anywhere.

Fine, he groaned. I can tell you're going to be stubborn.

I grinned at him. Waiting is good for you. If every woman spread her thighs when you wanted, well, you'd start to take us all for granted.

He laughed. You better hide yourself.

My pussy felt juicy enough to cast the spell, my orgasm still fresh enough for my cream to have sexual energy tingling in them. I rolled away from my brother, sliding a hand between my thighs. I groaned, shoving two fingers into my cum-filled twat. They came out gleaming, streaked with milky jizz.

Rithi, bless my sexual juices and let them paint with your concealing radiance, I prayed, smearing our sexual juices across my cheeks. My fingers became my brush, my face and body my canvas. My goddess mixed the paint, transmuting the cum and pussy cream. Conceal me, my goddess. Hide me from sight until I am ready to unveil my perfection.

I gasped, my Goddess taking over, painting my body in near invisibility. I shivered, stepping back, Rithi constantly adjusting the pigments so my body stayed nearly unseen, blending me in with the surrounding world. I backed into the corner of the room and watched as Sven rose from his bed large enough for two to sleep with comfort.

He padded to the sealed package, a box held in a white, felt bag, tied shot and sealed in blue-gray wax. The princess's signet, the rampant lion of her house facing three lilies, was impressed into the wax. My brother broke the seal, reached into the felt bag, and produced a carved box of cedar wood, polished to a gleam.

He opened it.

 A smile crossed his lips as he pulled out a rose quartz statuette, the size of his hand from fingertip to wrist. Even from where I stood, I could tell it was Ava's body captured naked, like the other statuette she gave Sven. My brother turned it in his hand, the crystals in the quartz catching the candlelight, stars decorating Ava's body.

His thumb ran down the statues stomach to her pussy. He knew how to turn the princess's device on.

Chapter Twelve: Princess's Passion

Princess Ava  Echur, Kivoneth Princedom, Strifelands of Zeutch

I bolted upright in my bed, feeling the massive thumb rubbing at my pussy even though no one touched me. My bedmaid, Greta, lifted her head from the pillow beside me, a naughty gleam in her eyes. Ever since she'd crawled into bed, she'd been affectionate, wanting to devour my pussy and feel my tongue on hers.

But excitement over what I discovered in my father's office burned too hot through me to be distracted by sex.

And now Sven activated my new proxy. My soul connected me to all my proxies. They existed in me, small pockets of awareness, something I only really noticed when stimuli touched them. Like how you never really noticed your toes or fingers or other parts of your body until they touch something new. Elsewise, they just fade into the background, not important.

And when they did touch something new, they'd leap to awareness.

And right now, Sven rubbed on the pussy of my new proxy, summoning me. He's in Cheyvn.

Oh, Greta said, a bright smile on her lips. Wonderful.

You're going to molest my body, aren't you?

Princess, she gasped in faux-shock, her blue eyes widening. I would never.

I shook my head at the young maid. You would.

I didn't mind. She could play with my body all she wanted this time. She wouldn't be a distraction like she had the morning I donned my beetle proxy for the first time and explored my father's office. 

I fell back on my pillow, closed my eyes, and sank into my proxy.

When I opened my eyes again, I shuddered, the massive thumb rubbing on my little pussy, sending delight rippling through me. Sven, a giant towering over me, grinned down at me. I drank in his handsome face, his blond hair mussed, his chest naked.

Who did you enjoy in your bed before activating me? I asked, amusement in my tone.

Just one of the buxom lasses, he grinned. 

I wished I had a bigger breasts then the little handfuls I possessed. Even tits the size of his sister Kora's would be wonderful. I knew Sven loved them large. Why else did he insist on staying at the Buxom Lass in Cheyvn? My agents reported far better inns lay in the city than it.

I should be cross with you, I groaned, his thumb feeling amazing on my pussy. My stone body shuddered. Though made of rigid materials, my magic allowed me to animate it like it were real flesh, the stone becoming malleable like skin and tissue. 

I was thankful Krab had seduced one of my ancestors and blessed my line. And hated that my father had the gift, as well. He abused it. 

But you're not, Sven said, still massaging me, sending trembles through me. Because I'm going to make you cum so hard, Princess.

Promise? I purred, eager to show him what made this newest proxy so special.

I took perverse delight in using my father's money and resources against him.

So, why the new proxy, Princess? Sven asked, pressing his thumb harder into my tiny snatch, stimulating my delicate pussy lips. Unless you just wanted to look even prettier. Because this rose quartz makes you sparkle like a pink night sky.

I blushed and quivered. This.

I activated the enchantment on it. Waiting three months for my agent to track down the Tuathan twinborn witch was worth it to see the shocked expression on Sven's face as my tiny body grew. I swelled, the world shrinking as I expanded. He set me down on the wooden floor as I sprouted past his knee.

I giggled, my hands cupping my small breasts as I passed the height of a toddler, a small child, an adolescent girl. I squeezed my tits, small crystals in the quartz sparkling. My nipples ached, the same rosy hue, swirled with milky stria, as the rest of my artificial body. I kept growing and growing until I neared Sven's height.

My true size.

By the gods, Ava, he groaned. How?

A witch named Fiona, I grinned, turning my hips and wiggling it. I never thought I would have it so soon, but she and her twin sister were both pregnant and in the Tuathan valley. I guess their paladin husband bred them both on the same night.

Lucky guy, he grinned.

I arched an eyebrow. Why, wishing you had another woman in your bed? Or do you wish our people were as accepting of incest as the Tuathan?

His smile slipped for a moment. I meant it as a joke, but there was something in his eyes. Did he lust for Kora? I shivered, picturing the graceful blonde. The thought of enjoying Sven's sister had crossed my mind a time or two. But the pair of them together....

A strange heat rose in my pussy, a taboo excitement at the thought of brother and sister coming together in incestuous love like the witch and her twin sister did. Then I shook my head. Maybe he had an attraction to Kora, but they wouldn't act on it.

Let's not talk about other women when I have you, he groaned, reaching out and touching my rose-quartz body. I trembled, feeling his hands caressing my flesh. The bit of me still aware of my real body felt Greta's hands prying apart my thighs.

She prepared to feast.

You are a treasure in truth, he groaned, cupping my small breast, a handful that fit his palm. I shivered as he massaged my nipple. It felt just like I remembered. If my proxy could cry, tears would fall down my eyes. And you feel this?

Of course I feel this, I moaned, my sparkling arms going around his neck. What do I feel like?

Soft and smooth all at the same time. Impossibly smooth, like glass. And cool. Not warm, but not cold, either. He thumbed my nipple.

I gasped.

He grinned. But you are still as responsive as ever.

I moved closer to him, tilting my head in invitation. He claimed my lips. I closed my eyes, savoring this. A year without him. A year apart because of my bastard father. But now I could enjoy him. I could be with him on his quest, help him to undo my father's works.

His hands slid around my sleek body, cupping my ass. His fingers dimpled my ass. His cock rubbed against my belly, wet with the whore he fucked before summing me. He must have sent her out of his room after he finished.

I nibbled on his lip, biting a little hard. He winced, his hands squeezing harder. Then he kissed me with such passion, loving me. I trembled against him, squirming, grinding against that throbbing cock. I burned to feel him in me.

He broke the kiss. They feel just like your lips, that same softness. But...

It's close enough, I told him. I can feel your heart thudding beneath your chest.

He shivered opened his mouth to say something, didn't. He kissed me again, thrusting his tongue deep into my mouth. I groaned, loving it. His hands kneaded my ass as he walked us to the bed. I groaned, trembling as he turned me, lowering me down.

The bed groaned.

He broke the kiss. I think you've put on weight, your Highness.

That's not funny, I told him. I'm still dainty, even if I'm made entirely of stone.

He laughed. I'm not sure I could even carry you.

But you can love me, I moaned as he loomed over me. I ran pink, glittering fingers up and down his chest, brushing his golden hairs. I twined my digits around them. And I need to be loved by you.

He licked his lips, then he leaned down and sucked on my nipple. I groaned, my crystal nub throbbing between his lips. I gasped, my back reaching. My eyes rolled back into my head as he loved me. He nibbled and sucked, his hand finding my other nub.

Pinching.

Oh, Sven, yes, I gasped. Pleasure rippled through my proxy while distantly I felt pleasure tumble through my real body, Greta feasting on my pussy.

Sven nibbled my nipple. I gasped, the surge of roaring delight drowned out the sensations of my real body. All that mattered was Sven loving me. He twisted my other nub, lifting his lips from my nipple.

This is amazing, he groaned. To feel stone behave like flesh. He released my twisted nipple. It sprang back into its proper shape.

Uh-huh, I groaned, my pussy itching. It felt so weird to be so dry and yet so excited.

He slid down my body, kissing my sparkling belly. I groaned, twisting, his fingers following the swirling patterns of milky white that broke up the soft rose. The candle flickered, painting my body in dancing shadows, stars twinkling across my flesh.

I groaned and thought I heard another female voice moaning, too.

Did you have the maid hide under the bed? I asked as he reached my bellybutton.

He laughed. Of course not. Just me and you.

I groaned as his tongue swirled into my navel. I loved it. I trembled, my pussy clenching, thighs squeaking as they rubbed together. They did feel like flexible glass instead of silky skin. But I didn't care because Sven went lower.

He reached my bush, my hairs a craved mass of lines instead of individual strands. He nuzzled at them, moving lower and lower until he found my tight pussy. And parted me. I gasped as his tongue wiggled into my smooth depths, teasing my labia.

You still feel the pleasure? he asked. Even though you're dry.

Yes! I moaned as he nibbled on my labia. Oh, Sven, yes! Gods, you know how to please a woman.

When you love the feminine, you have to explore every bit of a woman. You have to understand them.

You were such a dedicated student, I groaned as he licked up to my clit, sucking on the crystal bud. You examined so many different subjects.

He only groaned, wiggling his tongue into my soft, crystal depths. I shivered, squirming, his tongue bathing my sensitive flesh. Pleasure raced through me. I squeezed my glass tits. My nipples sparkled and gleamed before me as my body quivered.

Rapture built in me.

Sven devoured me. His stubble rasped on my glass-smooth labia. Tingling delight rippled out of my body. I squirmed and moaned. My eyes fluttered. I gasped, the bed creaking as my squirming grew more and more passionate, the pleasure building and building in me.

His nose brushed my clit as his tongue swirled through my depths, reaching as deep as he could go into me. My eyes rolled back into my head. I squeaked out such wanton delight. My breasts heaved as I sucked in breaths, the pressure building and building in me.

My Sven touched me again. Made love to me. A year without him. A year of my father's molestation in his place.

His tongue flicked up through my folds, brushed my clit. He circled my nub. I drank in the pleasure, gasping, squeaking. He latched onto it, sucking so hard. My body convulsed. Rapture spasmed through me.

I came.

My body bucked. The bed creaked even louder, wood straining as my crystal flesh heaved. My head tossed back and forth, my hair swaying, moving together as a single whole instead of individual hairs. My eyes fluttered. Stars burst through them.

Take me, Sven! I howled. Pater's cock, I need you in me! Please, please, cum in me!

Yes, my sweet princess, he groaned, sliding his body up mine.

He kissed me again. I longed to taste my fresh juices on him. But all I tasted was him. His cock prodded my crystal pussy lips. They parted for him. He slid into my slick depths. Though I had no juices, being made of smooth crystal allowed him to pump into my depths without effort.

He groaned into the kiss, his weight on me. I felt his strong chest on my nipples, teasing them as his dick plunged over and over into my pussy. I groaned, pumping my hips, grinding my clit into his pubic mound every time he bottomed out in me.

Sven! I gasped, wrapping arms about his neck, thighs about his hips. Yes, yes, yes! I've missed this so much.

Me, too, he groaned, thrusting so hard, his balls smacking into my taint, smacking into my flesh.

My body shuddered as I heaved beneath him. I writhed, pleasure spilling through me, another orgasms swelling in my excited depths. I had my Sven in me. Filling me. I crushed him to my chest, revealing in his strength as his lips nibbled at my stony neck.

We groaned and gasped together, sharing our passion. Our hips moved faster and faster, our bodies building to our explosive release. I squeaked out in delight. My body thrashing beneath his. My fingernails clenching into his back.

Sven! I gasped.

Yes, yes, Ava! he groaned.

Cum with me!

He rammed into my crystalline pussy. My proxy drank in the friction of his dick, transmuting it into rapture rushing through my artificial body. I groaned, my pussy clenching on his dick. He bottomed out in me, my clit rubbing into his pubic bone.

Striking sparks that fell on hot fuel.

Flames raged through me. My pussy spasmed hard on his dick. He groaned, drawing back through my convulsing snatch. The fire burned through my nethers, spreading through my body so fast, consuming me as Sven rammed back into my depths.

Ava!

His cum fired into my depths.

Yes, yes, Sven! I howled.

Again, I thought I heard a woman moan as I writhed in rapture. I bucked beneath my lover. My man. My pussy milked his dick of his wonderful cum. My crystalline limbs held him tight, keeping him pressed into my rosy flesh. I mewled and moaned as he grunted and groaned.

We achieved ecstasy together, sharing it.

Love you, he groaned into my ear.

I smiled, my pleasure peaking through me. Mmm, you're my man. My betrothed no matter what Father says. I nipped his ear. And I have good news.

Hmm? he asked.

I found where my father's hiding his secret, I purred.

Sven stiffened. To his proxy army?

I nodded my head, grinning at his excitement. You need to find a faerie.

To be continued...