Orlando didn't know where he was anymore, nor where he was coming from or where he was going. Well, he sort of did know where he was -- he knew that right now he was in some generic hotel room in some city or other, a room with a big hotel window made just for staring out at the night skyline, with a glass filled with the second best hotel whisky in hand.

Promoting a movie, that's what they called it--Robin and all the movie executives that had been gaining more and more control of his life in recent years and these days almost seemed to own him. He called it less polite names, at least in the silence and privacy of his own mind. Not words to be repeated out loud, for fear of being overheard or photographed when saying them.

On his less bitter days he wondered if the amount of photos that had been made of him by now approached the number of photos Viggo had made in his lifetime. Realistically he knew that they were probably a lot more, but he liked the thought. He liked thinking about Viggo, no matter what the excuse, even if the thoughts were usually sad and melancholy ones.

They had a good thing going, back in New Zealand, Orlando thought, taking a large gulp of the Whisky and grimacing as it burned down his throat. New Zealand . . . where everything had been simpler and so much clearer than things were now. New Zealand. That had definitely been a good year - his best, really, no doubt about it. The movies, the friends, the love. No, don’t call it love - they'd been careful not to call it love, even though it had so blatantly been love. Don’t call it love. Don’t jinx it. Don’t expect too much. Just friends sleeping together and having a good time, sharing some closeness half a world away from most everyone they knew.

Just friends screwing around.

Except, of course, that might have been the intention when it started out, before it had become so much more for him - and, inevitably, in the aftermath, so much less. They hardly spoke anymore these days; they'd drifted apart since the premiere of ‘Return of the King’.

No, they'd started to drift apart even earlier than that - even in the last weeks in New Zealand, if Orlando was honest. When the end of their time together had draw too close to be ignored any longer Orlando had started to close himself off, scared of what their separation would otherwise do to his heart, if he went into it all on a sudden and unprepared. They'd spent as much time together as possible, physically, but emotionally he'd started to draw away from Viggo, trying to separate himself from him gradually, in small increments, rather than all at once tearing himself away. He might have a reputation for being reckless and adventurous, and while that was true, emotionally he was definitely a very cautious person, hesitant to hand his heart over to anyone and even more hesitant to talk about that.

Not that he actually had a heart anymore, Orlando mused, once again taking a too large sip of the whisky. For all intents and purposes, and despite his careful plan to slowly remove his heart from Viggo's grasp, as far as he knew it still had not returned to him, but remained with the older actor. Wherever Viggo went, he never traveled alone - Orlando's heart traveled with him.

Orlando turned from the window, stopping his idle and far too familiar musings and went to the bathroom to get ready for bed and another night filled with dreams of the past. He had stopped caring what he did more and more as time went on - of what he wore, where he went, what he did. Kate was a nice girl, a good friend, and a convenient arrangement. She was in it for her own ends and reasons, but she never minded him whispering someone else’s name in his sleep when they shared a bedroom for appearances sake, and Orlando knew she would never tell. Let Robin think she was being clever and putting them together for their careers - while that was true, Orlando and Kate knew that they were both save and - convenient - for each other.

He was glad she wasn't here, though. She didn't like him moping and being melancholy, insisting that it gained him nothing and cost him too much and it was not as if he was doing anything about it anyway. Correct, but beside the point, Orlando thought. For how could you not miss your heart and ponder on its absence, and long for its return?

Anyway, Orlando was looking forward to having some days off in London soon. Seeing his family would be good and cheer him up. He hoped.

+0+0+0+0+0+

The weather was pretty much the same wherever you went, somehow, Viggo mused. Oh, temperatures varied and the amount of water the sky was likely to pour on you at any given moment differed from time to time and place to place, but other than that . . . no differences. And really, seeing how his life had been going, the question of whether he was sweating and thirsty in Morocco or wet and shivery on a cold Danish winter day when somehow the sun seemed never to shine really seemed to make little difference or be of little importance to his general state of mind and the life he found himself living. The life he found himself living - another one of those strange constructs his brain sometimes came up with, bemusing to himself but nevertheless just how he thought - and he could not help thinking and feeling as if he sometimes, for all the immediacy and intenseness he tried to instill into every single moment of time, he was really only a passenger or a spectator on this ship called life, traveling uncharted waters and following unmapped currents without much influence from his part, beyond small immediate decisions of which direction the ship should go for the next immediate future.

For whatever had actually brought him to his current situation, it had certainly not been of his choosing - nor could he see any way to correct the situation or any mistake or wrong decision or even any decisive moment in his past that could have set the course irrevocably in the direction of where he now found himself. Random chance, really, and things somehow falling apart when they should have been holding together tightly was all that he could identify.

Maybe also feelings left unvoiced and too much hesitation where and when there should have been action and the other way around, but nothing big enough not to easily be overshadowed by other things and events that were in balance and good and positive events then and good memories now.

No, he really could not tell how it came to be that he ended up here, alone and lonely, when his ideas for the future had seen himself in his more daring moments clearly with a familiar and beloved face by his side. He also had no idea how to remedy the situation. Actually, he did not think that it really could be remedied anymore - too much time had passed for that, too much silence. Too many days of hesitation and waiting for a better moment or a meeting to bring the awkward and painful topic up. So, he was alone and was going to stay that way, for however long it'd take his heart to get over Orlando.

Viggo wasn't hopeful on that account - it had been years and the feelings were no less intense, nor were the moments of seeing something and wanting to share it any less often. No, it would clearly if it was to happen at all take some time yet, this getting over Orlando and maybe finding someone else, thing. If it happened at all.

And Viggo was actually quite sure that he did not want to get over Orlando.

He loved him.

He seemed to always have loved him, through the heady days in New Zealand they spent together to the empty nights in a cold and too big bed in Idaho he spent alone. He loved Orlando, and his heart was quite happy staying steadfast and true to that, even if it was something that made him sad and lonely.

Love did not care for inconveniences like that. Love simply was, Viggo had learned. Love was a gift. One to cherish, no matter how bitter it turned out to be.

And if loving Orlando, against all his wished, meant being alone and pouring all his pain into his artwork and poetry, then that was what love meant to be for him, and he was going to cherish it. And if anyone wondered why his creative work had taken such a turn to the melancholy in recent years - well, let them wonder.

+0+0+0+0+0+

Robin would probably have a field day with him once she found a way of catching up with him, but right now Orlando did not care much about that at all.

He was finally done with promoting the movie and had ten days off, truly off - with no appearances, no press interviews, no parties to show his face at, no nothing. He had originally tried to keep his schedule clear so that he could go and see his family for a week, but now he did not feel like doing that at all. He loved them dearly and was close to both his mother and sister - or as close as his lifestyle these days permitted him to be, anyway - but they both knew him far too well and had become more and more worried and pushy whenever he had been home the last couple of times.

And he really didn't want to worry them more than they already were - all right, he did not want anyone to try to pry information from him either, and he had enough of being fussed about.

He needed to get away for a while, from everything. So he had told Kate that he would be back in ten days, bought a pay as you talk mobile phone, promised to let here know where was going once he knew, laboriously put the most essential numbers into it - all the ones that might connect him to Viggo, even if only through someone else - a guy could dream, right? - left his regular phone in his flat in Los Angeles, sent Robin an email informing her that he was going to vanish to places unknown and not to be contacted or looked for - that way she could not shout at him and try to talk him out of it - and gone to the airport with some carryon luggage.

He had not bought a ticket to anywhere in advance, but simply decided to go wherever fancy took him the moment he stood at the airport.

Which was how he had ended up where he was right now, on a train from Copenhagen Airport to Nykoebing Falster, where he would try to find a place that let out holiday homes on the Danish coast. It was late summer, the weather was nice, and a week on the beach in a house all his own sounded wonderful to him.

Not that he had wanted to go to Denmark - he had actually not wanted to go anywhere that reminded him of his former lover, determined to leave all memories of Viggo firmly behind for the week, but then Copenhagen had sounded like a good destination, he'd remembered Viggo telling him of how wonderfully tranquil and quite the Baltic Sea was, with no tides to speak of and a low salt content ideal for swimming in, and it was not as if they'd actually ever been to Denmark together.

And if his former lover was half Danish - hey, so were about 5 million other people, at least.

And it was really pretty unfair to hold that fact against them, wasn't it? Besides, avoiding a whole country for as little a thing as that was being pretty silly. It was not as if you were talking about an allergy to a pastry and all that, for god’s sake!

And all that.

+0+0+0+0+0+

"Dad? Where are you, Dad? Dad, there's someone on the phone for you!"

Henry's voice cut through the stillness of the late Saturday morning. He was visiting his parents for the weekend, home from college to see some of his local friends and spend a bit of time with his parents.

His mother was going to be picking him up for an afternoon of shopping in the city and he would spend the night at her house, but right now Henry was still in very casual and ripped jeans, enjoying a slow morning of hanging out with his father and just catching up on things.

Viggo had wandered off some minutes ago to take a shower and now Henry hoped that he'd already be done and able to take the call - the girl on the other end of the line sounded like it was urgent.

Henry walked to the bathroom, taking the cordless phone with him and knocked on the door. "Dad? Are you done in the shower? There's someone on the phone for you. Dad?"

The door to the bathroom opened and Henry came face to face with his father, who had only a towel slung around his waist and whose hair was still wet from the shower - it looked like he had only had time to run a towel through it once or twice before hearing Henry call.

"Who is it, Henry?" he asked now.

"A girl called Kate something-or-other for you. She sounds like it is urgent. Didn't catch her last name. Sorry." Henry shrugged apologetically.

"That's all right, Henry," Viggo replied absentmindedly, reaching for the phone, his mind already going through an inventory of all the Kate’s he knew and reasons why they might try to call him.

He shifted his stance, taking a hold of the towel with the hand that was not holding the phone, and turned to go back into the bathroom. Henry shrugged and left his dad to it, content to wait for him in the kitchen. His coffee was getting cold, after all, and he really did not like cold coffee.

+0+0+0+0+0+

Viggo sat down on the rim of the bathtub, back straight and a drop or two of water from his wet hair running down his back, to be soaked up in the towel.

"Hello?"

The voice that answered him on the other side of the phone sounded like a young girl.

"Hello? Mr. Mortensen? I am really sorry to disturb you - and especially with this - but I have run out of other people to call and you are pretty much my only hope left."

Viggo frowned. If this was yet another fan who had found his number out from who knows where and who was about to tell him her life’s story, he really wasn't in the mood for it. He didn't see enough of Henry at the best of times and really wanted to spend the morning with his son.

"Listen, Kate. Thank you very much for calling me, but I am afraid that I cannot help you. If you want to send me a letter I will be happy to read it. Please send it to my publicist. Do you need the address? She also handles all my autograph requests for me, but I promise you that I will get your letter and read it."

Stunned silence answered him, and then he heard what could only be muffled laughing.

Viggo frowned again.

“Ah, sorry about that, Mr. Mortensen. I'm sorry. I should have introduced myself. My name is Kate Bosworth. I am, for all intents and purposes, Orlando Bloom's girlfriend. I am calling you because I know the two of you were once very close and that you are very important to him."

'Were?' Viggo thought, suddenly terribly concerned. 'Were?' Had something happened to Orlando? But no, he would undoubtedly have heard about it, and the girl would not be able to laugh if it had. And what did she mean with ‘by all intents and purposes’? Viggo shelved that thought for now and concentrated on the more important question if his Orlando was all right.

"Has something happened to Orlando? Is he all right?"

"Well, yes and no. I have not heard anything to the contrary so I assume he is all right. But Orlando has vanished, Mr. Mortensen."