Title: Teenage Hormones_(0)
Author: JSipes7798
Rating: 97.3%
Themes: Fiction, Consensual Sex, First Time, Incest, Male / Older Female

Summary:
It takes the right time, the right place and the right circumstance but Logan finally accomplishes his goal to fuck his beautiful Mom.

Logan Mitchell is an athletic, 6’ 1” ruggedly handsome nineteen-year-old college freshman. His broad smile, blue eyes, and blond hair catch the eyes of both young and old females. He is aware of his good looks and mindful of the fact that his hormones are hitting on all cylinders. Describing him as a horny teenager is a gross understatement. It takes very little

============================================================

It takes the right time, the right place and the right circumstance but Logan finally accomplishes his goal to fuck his beautiful Mom.

Logan Mitchell is an athletic, 6’ 1” ruggedly handsome nineteen-year-old college freshman. His broad smile, blue eyes, and blond hair catch the eyes of both young and old females. He is aware of his good looks and mindful of the fact that his hormones are hitting on all cylinders. Describing him as a horny teenager is a gross understatement. It takes very little to trigger his erections, and every time his mother, Lucy, or his seventeen-year-old sister, Becky, come into the same room with him a significant bulge develops in his pants. He is just weeks away from his twentieth birthday and is ashamed to admit he is still a virgin. He finds that extremely embarrassing.

It's Sunday morning, and the family is having breakfast together. Logan’s mother is wearing a terrycloth robe that comes down to mid-thigh. It is apparent to Logan she is not wearing a bra, by the way, her breast jiggle when she flips pancakes. Logan often wonders what else she has on under that short robe. Does she have on a sexy nightgown? Is she wearing lace panties or maybe going commando? He would really love to know. Logan’s Sister is wearing her usual sleeping attire, which is a long cotton t-shirt that comes down just far enough to easily cover her panties; that’s assuming she even wears panties to bed. He doesn’t know for sure. It is apparent she doesn’t have a bra on because her nipples rousingly poke at the thin cotton fabric. Logan squirms in his chair and tries to adjust his throbbing hard cock secretly. His actions don't go unnoticed by his father, Jim.

After breakfast, Becky and her mother leave the kitchen to get dressed for their weekly shopping trip to the mall. Logan has to wait for his cock to deflate before attempting to stand. After a minute or two, he pushes his chair back and starts to rise but his father motions for him to remain seated.

Logan’s father clears his throat and then says, “Logan, we need to talk.”

“About what, Dad,” Logan innocently asks?

Logan’s father wastes little time getting directly to the point and sternly asks, “Logan, how long have you been thinking about fucking your Mom?”

Logan is astounded by his Dad’s blatant accusation and stutters and stammers before saying, “What are you talking about, Dad?”

“You know damn well what I am talking about, Logan. I was a teenager once, and I notice how you incessantly eyeball your Mother’s body. A wonderfully sexy body, I must admit. Anyway, I know exactly what’s going through your horny young mind. So, don’t try to bullshit me.”

Logan drops his head and stares at his hands which are nervously twitching and trembling. He knows he has been caught in the act and has no idea how to answer his Dad. Logan has always tried so hard not to be too obvious when lusting for his Mom, but his Mother’s breasts are like magnets drawing his eyes to them every time they bounce or jiggle under her clothes. He knew sooner or later either his Mom or his Dad would notice his ogling but chose to do it anyway. Now that he has been caught red-handed, he decides the only thing he can do is be truthful with his Dad and hope for the best.

“I am sorry, Dad, but I can't help it," he whines. "Mom is so beautiful, and her breasts are so inviting. I keep wondering if they look like the ones I see on the internet. I wonder if her areolae are large or small; dark or light. I envision her nipples being long because of the way they poke against her clothes. I shouldn't admit it, but I sneak around trying to get a glimpse of them for real, but so far, I haven’t been successful.

“You’ve seen her almost naked breasts plenty of times when she wears her skimpy bikini. I would think that would be enough to satisfy your curiosity,” his Dad responds.

“Theoretically, that should be enough, but in reality, it only makes it worse. I end up with a hard-on and a strong desire to rip away Mom's top and suck on her luscious nipples,” Logan timorously confesses.

“Wow…you ARE a horny little bastard,” Logan’s Dad says as he reaches over and understandingly pats Logan’s hand. "Just for your information, Son, her areolae are about the size of a quarter, and they are a pinkish brown.”

“Thanks for that info Dad, but that doesn't satisfy my curiosity, in fact, it makes me want to see them that much more."

“Well then…there’s only one thing we can do to remedy this situation. We need to arrange for you to get naked with your Mom and to give her the fucking you have apparently dreamed about.”

Logan does a double take because he can’t believe what he’s just heard from his customarily conservative Dad. He looks at his Dad and exclaims, “Are you fucking serious, Dad?”

“I am as serious as a heart attack, Son! It’s the only way you will ever get past gawking at her every time she comes into the room.”

“Wouldn’t it bother you if I fucked Mom? I mean won’t you be jealous? I know I would be jealous if she were my girlfriend and some other guy was hanging around her and putting his hands all over her body, and God knows what else."

“Well, I do have a selfish motive for encouraging you to pursue your desires to have sex with your Mom.”

“What do you mean?”

“I’m sure you probably know that your Mom and I both have strong sexual appetites and neither of us can go more than a few days without sex.”

“I suspected as much because I hear the two of you several nights a week going at it like a couple deer rutting in the forest,” Logan laughs. “Which makes me wonder even more why in the hell you would be willing to share her with someone else.”

“I don’t want to share her with someone else; that’s my point.”

“I don’t understand, Dad.”

“I travel several weeks out of the month with my medical equipment sales job, and the travel may become even more frequent since my recent territory re-alignment."

“I still don’t understand.”

"Your Mom's sex drive is every bit as strong as mine, and I am a shame to admit that a few times I have become weak and succumbed to my desires and had sex with other women while traveling."

“Oh shit! Does Mom know?”

“No! And you better not tell her. I need you to keep that a secret and I need for you to help me out on the home front.”

"Sure, Dad. I will do whatever you say, but I still don't understand why you would want me to have sex with Mom.”

“Well…your Mom is only human, and when she needs sex, her desires become so strong that sooner or later, she will weaken like I have a few times. I am concerned that if I’m not there to satisfy her desires then sooner or later someone else will notice her yearning look that most women get when they really need to be fucked and they will take advantage of her weakness. I don’t want her hooking up with some stranger. I worry it might be with someone whom your Mom could form a lasting emotional attachment which could eventually lead to her possibly running away with that person."

“Mom would never do that, Dad.”

“Well…it wouldn’t be the first time a woman did that because women tend to get more emotional about sex. Unlike men who can fuck just about anything and move on; women often become emotionally attached to a sex partner.”

“I don’t think Mom would do that to you.”

"Probably not but I don't want to risk it. That's why I want you to seduce your Mom and fill the need that I can't fill while I am traveling on business."

“Do you honestly think Mom would let me or anyone else fuck her?”

“Yes. If she's properly seduced."

“No, not Mom. I can’t see anyone seducing Mom but you. She not that kind of woman.”

“Son, any woman can be seduced by any man, or woman for that matter, if she has an unfulfilled need and the seduction is done properly.”

“You really, honestly believe my Mom can be seduced by someone other than yourself?”

“I do. If it is done properly.”

“Well…that’s the key phrase; if it is done properly," Logan says. “I don't have any idea how to seduce a woman; much less my own Mom properly."

“That’s where I come in, Son. I am going to coach you through the essential steps to appropriately seduce your Mom. When I am through, you will have the skills necessary to seduce any woman."

"Really, Dad? Any woman I want?"

“Wait a minute. I know what you are thinking. I’ve also observed the way you look at your little Sister, Becky. She is off limits because she is only a senior in high school, still under eighteen and not considered a consenting adult."

“Well as long as we are being honest with each other, what about after she’s eighteen? Her birthday is only a few months away. Would you mind if I use those seduction skills to fuck Becky after she is eighteen?”

“After she is eighteen and beyond the age of consent, I won’t give you a hassle if you try your luck with your Sister, but I would prefer you wait until after I’ve had my shot at her first.”

Logan is totally shocked at his Dad’s response. “Daaaddd!” He draws out the word. “I’ve never even seen you looking at Becky that way. How long have you thought about fucking her?”

“Practically every day since she started developing those fine tits that poke through her t-shirt every morning.”

“I would’ve never guessed it because I’ve never seen you looking at her in that manner.”

“Well…I do observe her like that, but I don’t make it so obvious others would notice. There is a reason I don’t gawk, and that is lesson number one for you to learn. Stop ogling her and your Mom because it only makes them feel creepy, and it can be a real turn off for most women. You will never get to first base with any woman if you stare at her body like a hungry wolf eyeing fresh meat. An admiring casual glance is okay and is often taken as a compliment, but lustful staring is a no, no."

“I never thought of it that way,” Logan replies.

“And remember, your Mom is not a slut, so don't expect to talk her into your bed in a few short weeks. Seduction is all about paying attention to someone else's needs and moving forward accordingly. If you truly want to seduce a woman, spend time getting to know her and her body language. Set an appropriate atmosphere for the seduction, and move slowly, very slowly before getting too physical.”

“What should I do first?”

"Well, you already hug her occasionally. I suggest instead of gawky; you hug her more often and maybe follow up the hug with a kiss on her neck. The neck and ears have many nerve endings and are generally not touched as often as they should be. Your Mom loves it when I kiss her neck where it intersects with her shoulder. Nibbling on her earlobe is a real turn on for her, but that’s not something you want to do right away. Let her gets used to the gentle kisses on the neck before you move to an advanced technique such as earlobe nibbling. Remember to go slow and see how she responds to different things.”

Becky and her Mom interrupt Jim and Logan’s strategy meeting when they drop by the kitchen before leaving for the mall. Logan takes that opportunity to go to his room and Googles "How to seduced a Woman." He finds several articles and spends the next few hours studying the information. All of the essays recommend going slow, paying attention to body language, listen more than you talk and not revealing your ultimate intentions right away.

Around six o'clock, Logan goes downstairs and finds his Mom is back from the mall and is in the kitchen hovering over the stove. His Dad is sitting at the kitchen table reading the newspaper. His Mom is wearing a light blue polo shirt and khaki shorts that hug the contours of her firm butt. She is as sexy as a sixteen-year-old in that outfit. Logan walks up behind his Mom and encircles her waist with his arms and gives her a gentle, loving squeeze. He is tempted to go higher and fondle her tits, but his better judgment tells him that would fall under the category of moving too fast.

“What are you cooking, Mom?”

“It’s your Dad’s favorite; beef stroganoff,” she cheerfully answers.

Logan rests his chin on his Mom's shoulder and says, "It smells wonderful. So, do you, Mom." He then gives her another gentle squeeze and a quick kiss on her neck. The effect is immediate. She blushes and goose-bumps spread across her arms. She says nothing but Logan’s Dad winks at him and gives him the thumbs up.

Logan turns away and buries his head in the fridge looking for something cold to drink. His Mom glances around to make sure no one is watching and tugs at her wet panties that are beginning to stick to her moist vagina. She feels a moment of guilt because her son’s doting attention had had that effect on her. She blushes again and squeezes her thighs together.

Becky enters the kitchen and opens one of the overhead cabinets. She rises on her tip-toes to retrieve dinner plates from above. She is barefoot and wearing ultra-tight cut-off denim shorts that look like they are painted on her cute little butt.

Logan and his Dad both dwell a long moment on her tight round ass. After a few seconds of gaping Logan clears his throat and smiles at his Dad who is still studying her sexy little butt. Logan’s Dad gives an approving nod, and a wink then returned to his newspaper.

After dinner, Becky and her Mom clean the kitchen and then join the guys in the family room to watch TV. Jim has settled in his comfortable chair, and Logan is sitting on the sofa. Logan moves to the middle of the sofa to allow Becky to sit in her usual place to his left and his Mom to his right. There are about twenty minutes left to the western Logan, and his Dad is watching. As soon as the final credits begin to roll, Becky grabs the remote and finds a romantic “chick-flick” movie for them to watch. Logan and his Dad both grumble but agree it is only fair for the girls to pick the movie since they had endured part of the western.

A few minutes into the movie, Becky loops her right arm through Logan’s left arm and cuddles against him with her head on his shoulder. It’s her favorite position while watching a movie with the family. Everything is fine until Logan becomes aware Becky’s right breast is pressing against his arm. He prays that the stirring in his gym shorts doesn’t grow into a full-fledged boner. After a while, his cock settles into a semi-hard bulge. He decides that it’s a good thing because one of the articles he read suggests women can get turned on when a man gets an erection in their presence. Especially if they think they caused the erection.

There is a hot love scene taking place on the TV and Logan notices his Mom’s breathing is more substantial than usual. He uses his peripheral vision to watch her breasts rise and fall. Her nipples poke against the thin fabric of her polo shirt and become very apparent. One of the internet articles he read implied casual touching promoted erotic thoughts when a woman is in an apparent state of arousal. He is convinced her heavy breathing and erect nipples is ample proof that she is in a state of arousal. Logan cunningly places his right hand on his Mom’s left thigh just above her knee. She immediately puts her hand on his hand, gives it a gentle squeeze, and holds it in place. Logan feels his cock twitch and his bulge growing.

Moments later, he feels a rush of confidence and tries to move his hand a bit further up his Mom’s thigh, but she holds his hand firmly in place. She never takes her eyes off the TV screen and doesn’t give any indication she thinks Logan’s hand is out of place on her thigh. Logan's cock is uncomfortably hard and needs to be adjusted, but his Mom continues to hold his hand firmly in place on her thigh.

There is a commercial break in the movie, and Becky pauses the movie to see if anyone needs a break. Logan rushes to the downstairs bathroom to relieve the pressure building in his balls. When Logan returns to the family room some ten or fifteen minutes later, Becky and his Mom have changed into their sleeping attire and are back on the sofa. Becky is wearing her usual long cotton t-shirt and probably a pair of cotton panties. His Mom has on her white thigh length terrycloth robe. Logan squeezes between the two women then Becky resumes the movie and returns to her cuddle position next to Logan. She naively presses her braless tit against his arm and repositions her head on his shoulder. Logan takes immediate notice of her breast against his arm and wonders if she did it innocently or to tease him. His hormones have him so confused he can't separate fact from fantasy.

Mom takes a similar position as Becky on Logan’s right and lays her head on his shoulder. Her braless left breast is resting against Logan’s right arm. He can feel himself getting hard again. He makes a quick adjustment then casually places his hand on his Mom’s thigh. This time she appears as though she doesn’t notice the placement of his hand and concentrates on the movie. After what he thinks is a reasonable pause, he furtively advances his hand up her thigh a couple of inches. She doesn’t react at all to his slight encroachment. Logan’s heart is beating so loud he is afraid everyone in the room can hear. He inches his hand a bit further. She emits a low, almost inaudible moan and snuggles closer to Logan.

“Oh my God, she is going to let me work my hand all the way up to her pussy,” Logan thinks to himself. The exhilaration he experiences at that moment is almost overwhelming. He feels like he is not going to be able to take his next breath. He becomes light-headed and feels as if he may pass out.

Logan glances around the room and everyone, including his Mom, appear to be glued to a love scene taking place on the TV screen. He makes a bold decision and moves his hand the final few inches and touches her wet panties with the side of his hand. She stiffens as she gasps and quickly places her hand on his hand, holding it firmly against her wet vagina. She pauses a few seconds that seem more like minutes. He is almost sure she is going to leave his hand resting against her panty covered pussy, but then she moves his hand to own his lap. She lovingly pats the back of his hand and gives him a quick peck on the cheek and goes back to watching the movie as if nothing had happened.

Logan is drowning in his embarrassment, and as soon as the movie ends, he retreats without explanation to his room and strips naked for bed. He crawls under the sheets and holds his right hand to his nose. He can smell his Mom’s wetness on his hand. It only takes a few strokes on his swollen cock to gain relief. He cleans up the mess and then dozes off into a restful slumber.

Logan awakens to the smell of bacon cooking. He is hungry but decides to lay in bed a bit longer and savor the fact that he had actually touched his Mom’s vagina. It was covered by her panties, but none the less he did get to touch her in her most private place. He wonders if she is mad at him and also wonders how he is going to face her at breakfast. He’s just before masturbating again when there is a knock on his door.

“Come in.”

His Dad pokes his head in and says, “I was just getting ready to leave on a sales trip to Nashville, but I want to have a quick word with you before I leave.”

"Sure, Dad, what's on your mind?"

Jim sits on the edge of the bed and says, “I watched you out of the corner of my eye last night as you cunningly worked your hand up your Mom’s thigh and judging by the expression on her face, I believe you successfully made contact with your intended goal.”

“Oh shit, Dad. Was I that obvious?”

“No, not at all. It was so skillfully done I don’t believe anyone else in the room was aware of what was happening. I’m proud of you and feel more than confident you can keep your Mom's mind off of other men who may try to take advantage of her horny moments while I am away."

"Thanks, Dad, I’ll try not to let you down. By the way, how long are you going to be gone?”

“I know what you are concerned about, Son. Your 20th birthday is in a couple of weeks, but I will be back in time to celebrate it in grand style."

"Thanks, Dad, I'm looking forward to the party we are going to have."

Jim leaves for his two-week sales trip to Nashville, and Logan reluctantly ventures downstairs to face his Mom. He doesn’t know for sure what kind of mood she may be in since his brazen move the previous night. Mom has her back to the kitchen table when Logan enters the room and is cooking scrambled eggs. He doesn’t know what to expect from her and is hesitant to approach her with his usual hug. Instead, he takes a seat at the table next to Becky and says over his shoulder, "Good morning, Mom."

“What? Are you too lazy to give your Mom a hug,” she says over her shoulder as she continues preparing breakfast?”

Logan rises from his chair and moves guardedly toward his Mom. He has an enormous morning woody and is careful not to let it poke her in the butt as he caresses her around her waist and plants a kiss on her neck.

“Now that’s more like it,” she replies. “I was beginning to think you were mad at me.”

When Logan returns to the table, Becky locks her eyes on the tent in his boxer shorts and squawks, “My God, Logan. That movie last night must’ve caused you to have a really hot dream."

“Shut the fuck up, Becky,” he growls.

Mom doesn’t even have to turn around and look to know Becky is talking about. It’s like she has eyes in the back of her head. Still facing away from the table, she says, “Leave your brother alone, Becky. It’s perfectly normal for a teenage boy his age to have an erection first thing in the morning.”

“Geez, Mom! Can’t a guy have a little privacy around here,” Logan embarrassingly groans?

Logan is pulled away from his favorite porn site by the sound of laughter and giggling coming from the swimming pool in the backyard. He looks down from his bedroom window and sees his Mom and Sister playfully splashing around in the swimming pool. His Mom is wearing a bright yellow bikini that barely covers her essential parts. Becky is wearing an identical style bikini that is light blue with white polka dots. It’s difficult to tell the two women apart because of their similar builds. Both are approximately 5' 8", 120+ pounds, and long blond hair worn in high ponytails. When they chase each other, their 36C breasts bounce and jiggle to the point of almost escaping their bikini tops. Logan slowly strokes his seven inches, which are protruding through the slit in his boxers and envisions his Mom on her knee, taking his cock down her throat. He almost orgasms at the thought.

Lucy sees her son watching from his bedroom window and motions for him to come down and join them. By the time Logan joins them, both girls are lying face down on their sun lounges soaking up the rays. Becky unhooks her bikini top and allows it to fall away from her back. She holds up the sunscreen and says, “Logan, will you rub lotion on my back, please?"

Logan kneels between the two sun lounges and smears a generous amount of sunscreen on Becky’s back and legs. He is cautious to keep the promise made to his Dad and does not touch any areas that would likely be considered inappropriate.

When he stands up, his Mom looks over her shoulder, unhooks her bikini top and says, "Be a sweetheart, honey and put some sunscreen on your Mom's back."

Logan eagerly sits on the edge of her sun lounger and squirts lotion in his hands. He takes his time and studies the best place to begin. He starts at her shoulders and neck, then moves to her sides and guardedly caresses the bulge of her breasts. She rises off the lounger just enough for him to encompass more of her breasts but not enough for him to reach her taut nipples. He makes a couple unsuccessful attempts to reach her nipples then gives up and returns to her lower back. After thoroughly covering her back, he cautiously slips his right hand under her bikini bottom and caresses first one cheek then the other. His Mom doesn’t object until he slides a finger between her crack and presses on her anal opening; so much for moving slow. She slaps his hand away and says, “Logan, honey, behave yourself!”

"Sorry, Mom. I got carried away."

“Don’t forget my legs and feet, Honey.”

Logan starts with her right leg and massages sunscreen into her calf muscle and then moves to her right foot. He covers her foot, top, and bottom before working his way back up her leg to her thigh. He covers the back of her thigh, then the outer part of her thigh before cautiously moving to the fleshy part of her inner thigh. She spreads her legs wider, giving him ample space to work in that area. Logan takes that as tacit approval to explore and brushes the back of his hand against her bikini covered vagina.

His Mom flinches and gasps, “Be careful where you place your hands, Honey."

"Sorry, Mom."

Logan moves to her left leg and repeats the process. He takes his time and lovingly massages her left foot, her calf and then on to her left thigh. His cock is so hard it is painful. His Mom coos and mewls each time he moves close to her vagina. She is giving mixed signals to her son. Lucy raises her butt slightly up into the air as if to ask him to touch it. He takes a couple of cautious moves and lets the back of his hand drag across the area where her anus and vagina meet. She shudders a bit but doesn’t say anything, so Logan does it a couple of more times and still no objection. He gets braver and moves his hand to her Venus mound and cups it lightly with his palm and waits for her reaction. Lucy does nothing until he presses his middle finger against her clit. She takes a deep breath and stiffens. Seconds tick off, but they seem like minutes. He can feel her obviously pressing her vagina against the palm of his hand. She suddenly bolts upright, covers her breasts with a towel, and says, "I'm going to take a shower."

Logan watches as his Mom rushes through the patio door and disappears into the house. The tent in his bathing suit leaves no doubt that he has a throbbing erection. Becky studies his prominent bulge a minute, then raises up on her elbows and says, “I’m going to tell Daddy.”

Logan directs his attention to his younger Sister, whose breasts are blatantly dangling with hard nipples for him to see. Time stands still for a moment like he is in a trance. Without taking his eyes off her tits, he asks, "What the hell are you going to tell Daddy?"

“That you were feeling Mom up and rubbing her pussy through her bikini bottom.”

“Fuck you, Becky,” Logan says as he storms toward the house.

Becky likes that her big brother’s eyes had been glued to her naked tits. She feels a stirring in her groin that sends chills throughout her whole body. She feels a need to rush to her bedroom and take care of the itch that is causing her entire body to tingle.

Logan’s Mom fingers herself through three magnificent orgasms before sliding down the tile wall of the shower. She sits there, letting the water cascade over her body as she admonishes herself for having such lewd thoughts about her teenage son. She knows what he wants from her and chides herself for wanting to give in to his lustful pursuit.

Two days before Logan’s birthday, his cell phone rings. It's his Dad. Logan expects its lousy news because his Dad never calls him while traveling on business. Logan reluctantly hits the answer button and says, "Good morning Dad. What's this unexpected call about? I hope it's not bad news."

“I just wanted to call with an early Happy Birthday wish.”

“Does that mean you are not going to make it back home in time to be with me on my birthday day?”

Jim hesitates a moment then says, “Well you are partially right, Logan. I won’t make it home in time for your birthday day, but I am making arrangements for you and your Mom and Becky to come to Nashville where the four of us will celebrate your 20th birthday in grand style.”

Logan pauses a moment then skeptically says, “Okay, I’m listening. What’s the plan?”

“I’ll check with the hotel to see if I can get a couple of rooms for you and your sister, and your Mom will room with me. I thought the whole family would enjoy a day at ‘Opryland’ followed by a big Birthday Day dinner at an expensive restaurant."

“Wow…that sounds great, Dad. Have you told Mom yet?”

“No. I wanted to run it by you first and make sure you wanted that kind of celebration.”

“Well, I’ll hang up now and let you call her on the house phone and get everything set up.”

Logan gives his Mom and Dad about fifteen minutes to complete their phone conversation and then heads downstairs. He finds his Mom with her back to the door, wiping down the breakfast table. She is still wearing her terrycloth robe. Logan tiptoes behind her, put his arms around her waist, and gives her a big hug. She stands up straight and affectionately leans back into his arms. He presses his morning woody against her butt and moves his right hand up to her left breast and gives it a gentle squeeze. She quickly wiggles free of his grasp and turns to face him. He is baffled by the shock on her face.

“Logan Honey, I know what you are trying to do, and I can tell you right now that’s not going to happen."

Logan has a bewildered expression on his face and takes a step forward to embrace his Mom, but she puts her hand on his chest and holds him at bay.

"It's perfectly normal for a young teenage boy your age to fantasize about having sex with his Mom, but I can assure you it is ONLY a fantasy and will not happen.”

“But Mom….” He wants to tell her that his Dad approves, but his better judgment tells him that would not be wise.

"No buts, Honey. It's a fact of life, and you are not the only teenage boy to feel a sexual attraction to his Mom”, she calmly explains. “I am truly, truly flattered that you are attracted to me in that manner but feel I may have misled you by allowing you to touch me without objecting. When your hands strayed the other day while applying sunscreen to my body, I should have put a stop to it right then, but I didn't. It was wrong of me, and I am sorry, but Moms aren’t allowed to do things like that with their Sons. It's called incest, and it is against the law."

Logan steps back, exasperatingly points at his hard cock which is fighting to spring free from his boxer shorts and pleadingly asks, “And just what am I supposed to do with this, Mom?”

Lucy can genuinely feel her Son's pain because, at that moment, she too wants to retreat to the nearest bedroom with her son and fuck like a couple rabbits. She is highly aroused and sexually frustrated by everything that has taken place over the past week and feels she needs to cum just as badly as he does.

“There is nothing wrong with masturbating until you get relief,” she sweetly smiles. “Now would you like to go to the bathroom and take care of that problem while I prepare you a nice breakfast?”

Logan reaches out, pulls her into his arms and plants a kiss on her lips. Her mouth is open because of her shock and Logan shoves his in her mouth and begins to explore. She struggles for a moment then relaxes, puts her hand behind his head, pulls him closer, and returns his kiss. Their tongues dance and wrestle like two young lovers. Logan presses his hard cock to her belly, and she pushes back with equal force. Logan then takes her right hand and places it on his cock. She squeezes it through his boxers and gently strokes it up and down.

Then as though someone had flipped a switch, she breaks free of his embrace and hurriedly retreats to her bedroom. Logan pours himself a cup of coffee and sits down at the table. He slowly sips his coffee and congratulates himself on his progress. Thirty minutes later, Logan hears the front door open and close. He walks into the front room in time to see his Mom drive away in the family car. He turns to find Becky standing behind him.

"I'm going to tell Daddy."

Logan lets out a dismal grunt and storms out of the room. He spends the rest of the day in his room surfing porno sites and napping. Around five thirty, Logan smells terrific aromas coming from the kitchen. He pulls on a pair of gym shorts and ventures down to see what's cooking. Becky is setting the table, and his Mom is preparing dinner. His Mom smiles and says, "I cooked your favorite; spaghetti and meatballs."

It’s as if the kiss he and his Mom shared never happened. The usual family banter around the dinner table is nothing out of the ordinary. Logan begins to think he dreamed it all.

“Becky and I are going to the Mall tomorrow to buy some things for our trip to Nashville. Do you want to come along, Honey?”

Logan doesn’t answer. He looks first at his Mom and then to Becky. He wonders how they can act as if the incident never happened.

“Can I take that as a yes, Honey?”

Logan nods his head, yes.

The drive to Nashville takes approximately four hours. Logan and his Mom take turns driving while Becky sits in the back seat reading her Glamour Magazine and Teen VOGUE. They arrive at the hotel around dinner time and find Dad waiting for them in the lobby. After a round of hugs and kisses, Dad instructs a bellhop the take their luggage to the rooms, then he hustles everyone into the dining room for dinner.

Jim and Lucy have wine with their dinner; Logan and Becky settle for ice tea but prefer wine. The conversation around the table is lively with everyone excited about the pending day at ‘Opryland.' After dinner, Becky and her Mom enjoy a chocolate dessert while Logan and his Dad go to the concierge desk to get confirmation and tickets for the next day’s activities. Jim uses that occasion to talk to Logan about his seduction progress with his Mom and their hotel accommodations.

He pulls his Son to one side and asks, "How is the seduction of your Mom going?"

"Not as well as we had hoped," Logan groans. “The other morning after your call, she told me outright that she knew what I was trying to do and said it was not going to happen."

"Tell me exactly what happened."

“Well…about fifteen minutes after your phone conversation with her the other morning, I headed downstairs and found Mom with her back to the door wiping down the breakfast table. She was still wearing her robe. I tiptoed behind her, put my arms around her waist, and gave her a big hug and a kiss on the neck. She stood upright and leaned back into my arms as if we were lovers. I assumed by that reaction she was amenable to more taking place. So, I took that as an approval to do more and pressed my morning woody against her butt and moved my right hand up to her left breast and gave it a gentle squeeze. And then without warning, everything changed. She quickly wiggled free of my grasp and turned to face me. She had this shocked expression on her face and acted as if I had just committed a cardinal sin or something. Then she firmly said, “I know what you are trying to do, Honey and I can tell you right now with certainty that it’s not going happen. Moms are not allowed to have sex with their Son.”

“What did you say?"

"I tried to talk to her, but she told me to go masturbate and get rid of my erection while she prepared my breakfast."

“Okay…don’t let a little setback like that prevent you from continuing with our plan”, his Dad says as he slaps him on the back. “She knows what you want, and I am betting she wants the same thing."

“She didn’t act like someone who wanted the same thing.”

“I know, but she didn’t outright say NO or STOP. When a woman says NO or STOP, it's over and you back away. However, if she says something like, “We shouldn't do this, or this is not right, or I'm your Mother, we can't." Or words to that effect she is not telling you to stop. She is more or less saying she wants the same thing but feels she should be on record as objecting."

“So, how do I proceed from here, Dad?”

“I’ll just have to get her so horny on this trip that she will be begging you to fuck her.”

“And how do you propose to do that?”

“Well, it’s been almost two weeks since we last had sex and I’m willing to bet she is just about ready to fuck my brains out. Now all I need to do is find a way to avoid having sex with her for the next two night and send her back home feeling hornier than when she got here. However, I have to be careful not to leave the impression I am getting sex elsewhere. That could lead to an even bigger problem.”

“Or it could get her aroused enough she will be even more conducive to my sexual overtures," Logan counters.

"I don't know. I think I need to give this a little more thought. I can probably avoid sex with your Mom tonight by drinking more wine and pretend to fall asleep while she is in the shower", Jim grins, “but I will need to come up with something else tomorrow night.”

"Tomorrow night you can pretend to be too tire for sex after our long day at ‘Opryland,'" Logan suggests.

“That might work, but I still need to give it more thought. I’m thinking I may need to lick your Mom's pussy to tomorrow night until she is ready to cum and then pretend to fall asleep before her orgasm happens. That will have her so horny you could probably fuck her in the hotel lobby. You all will leave for home early the next morning and hopefully she will ready to accept any sexual overture you make. I will follow a day or two later after I make my last sales call and will expect to hear about your success.”

"I hope you don't make her so horny she can't help me with the drive home," Logan laughs.

"She may become a bit fidgety, but she should be able to drive home. My concern is that my first night at home, she will be crawling all over me if you haven’t been successful. If that’s the case, I may not be able to resist."

“Where does that leave me if you give in to her?”

“I don’t think I will give in because I intend to have sex again with that hot little nurse, I told you about. If you haven’t successfully seduced your Mom by the time, I get home, then I intend to bring your Mom to the point of orgasm several times before pretending to fall asleep once again. That should do it. She will be so frustrated she won’t be able to sleep and will go downstairs to use her vibrator. That’s when you happen upon the scene and give her the relief she will so dearly need.”

“What if she still resists my advances?”

“At that point, I don't think she will resist, but if she does just be firm with her and proceed as long as she doesn’t give you an emphatic NO. She will more than likely want to have sex so badly nothing will stand in the way of you reaching your goal, but she may still want it to appear like the decision was taken out of her hands. That way, she won't feel as guilty."

“Dad, how did you get to be so wise about sex?”

“It took years of observation and lots of trial and error,” his Dad brags.

“Oh, by the way, I fail to mention that I kissed Mom on the lips and she returned my kiss with a passionate kiss that I felt deep in my balls," Logan grins.

"Shit, Logan! If she kissed you back, then you're golden. It's just a matter of time before the two of you are in bed together. Just be patient and keep doing what you have been doing."

Jim pats his Son on the back, and Logan's smile broadens across his face.

“Which brings me to another matter,” Jim adds. “I was only able to book one additional room because a convention has this hotel fully booked. I am going to rely on you to keep your promise not to try and take advantage of your Sister."

“Only one room?” Logan is astounded. “Dad, are you telling me that Becky and I will have to share a hotel room together? That’s asking a hell of a lot of me, and I am not too sure Becky will agree to give up her privacy”, Logan groans. "Surely there are some other arrangements that can be made."

"The only other thing we can do is book you a room at another hotel, and I am not so sure your Mom will go along with that arrangement. And another thing I haven’t mentioned is that not only will you and Becky be sharing a room, but you will also be sharing the same bed because they only had a King Room with one king-size bed."

"Daaaddd, I'm as horny as a dog with two dicks, and now you want me to sleep in the same bed with my sexy Sister who you and I both admitted we want to fuck. I won’t even be able to get enough privacy to jack-off. What the hell am I going to do with my erections? I'm more than sure that I will have a perpetual erection the whole time."

“Just bottle all that sexual energy and save it for your Mom. With both of you being equally deprived of sexual relief for the next few nights, it will motivate the two of you to find relief with each other.”

Everyone is surprised when Becky doesn't create a fuss when she learns that she and her brother will be sharing a room. She doesn't even blink an eye when it is also revealed they will be sharing the same bed. In fact, she seems to be a bit excited. Jim gives Logan a stern look that silently reminds him of his promise not to take advantage of his little Sister.

Becky takes her shower first and emerges from the bathroom wearing her usual sleeping attire; a long cotton t-shirt that comes down to mid-thigh, no bra and maybe or maybe not a pair of panties. Logan has no way of knowing for sure. Logan takes his time with his hot shower and ardently strokes his cock through three orgasms while thinking about eating his Mom’s pussy and fucking her into unconsciousness. He wants to be sure there are no sexual urges left in him when he crawls into bed with his Sister. He has every intention of keeping his promise to his Dad and not show the least bit of lust toward his Sister.

When Logan comes out of the bathroom, he is wearing his usual sleeping attire; boxer shorts and no shirt. Becky is in the middle of the bed with her back against the headboard watching a romance movie. Logan joins her on the bed and leans his back against the headboard. She immediately assumes her usual cuddle position alongside him. She links her arm around his arm and lays her head on his shoulder. Everything is fine until Logan feels his cock getting hard. The three orgasms apparently weren’t enough to suppress his desires for his Sister. He glances at Becky to see if she has noticed his growing bulge. Her eyes are locked on a love scene taking place on the TV screen. Logan stealthy positions a pillow over his increasing hardness.

“Did I cause that, or maybe you’re still thinking about fucking Mom?” Becky casually asks while keeping her eyes glued to the TV screen.

“Becky, give it a rest. I’ve told you a dozen times I am not trying to have sex with our Mom.”

“Yeah…if you say so.”

“Well, I do say so…so drop it and enjoy your movie.”

They go back to watching TV, but there is tension in the room. They both become fidgety. Logan is aware of Becky glancing every few minutes at the pillow covering his lap, and it is making his cock that much harder. Becky breaks the strained silence when she says, "Can I feel it?"

“Can you feel what?”

“That hard cock you are trying to hide under the pillow.”

"Damn it, Becky. No, you cannot touch my cock. You are my Sister, and that would be incest", he snaps. "And no, I am not trying to fuck our Mom because that too would be incest!"

"Then why are you always putting your hands all over her body all the time?"

“I give her a hug every once in a while, and an occasional kiss on the neck to show her I love her and appreciate her.”

“You also squeeze her tits and rub your hard cock against her butt.”

"I do not! For God's sake, Becky, get control of your dirty mind."

There is another long silent pause, then Becky asks, "Do you love me?"

"Of course, I do. You're my little Sister."

“Do you appreciate me?”

"Absolutely! You're my little Sister."

There is another long pause, and then Becky asks, "Why don't you hug me and squeeze my tits every once in a while?"

Logan loses his patience and growls, "I don't want to discuss this nonsense anymore, Becky. Turn off the fucking TV and let’s go to sleep.” He turns away and covers himself with the top sheet. “And from his moment on, I don't want to hear another word about Mom and me and what you may or may not be thinking is going on between us."

Becky turns the TV and the lights off then turn away from her brother. She covers herself with the top sheet and says, "Good night, Logan. I love you."

Logan only grunts then falls asleep. Becky waits until she is sure he is sound asleep and then fingers herself to a fantastic orgasm.

The day at ‘Opryland’ is enjoyable but tiring for all. The birthday dinner is a huge success, and everyone returns to the hotel totally exhausted. There is no need for Jim to fake falling to sleep. Lucy is asleep before he finishes his shower and comes to bed. Becky and Logan both fall into a deep slumber as soon as their heads hit the pillow.

The trip home from Nashville is uneventful. Their first night home everyone is tired and fall into their usual routines. Logan joins his Mom and his Sister in the family room to watch a movie. Halfway through the movie, the phone rings. It's Dad and Lucy takes the call in the kitchen. When she returns, her eyes are red, and it is apparent, she has been crying.

“What’s wrong Mom,” Becky asks?

“That was your Dad. He has to go to Louisville on business and won’t be home for another week,” she sobs.

Becky and Logan give their Mom a group hug and console her. After a few minutes of solace, Lucy excuses herself and retires for the evening. Logan and Becky finish watching their movie and then both go to bed. Logan tosses and turns for over an hour. He knows his Mom is hurting but doesn’t know if he should go to her bedroom to further console her. He feels it will be an excellent opportunity to move forward with his planned seduction. The decision is taken out of his hands when he hears his Mom's bedroom door open, and she tip-toes downstairs. Logan waits five minutes then follows her down.

Logan finds his Mom sitting on the sofa in the dark family room. A night light casts a shadow across the room, and Logan can see her chest rise and fall as she quietly sobs. Logan joins her on the sofa, takes her into his strong arms, and asks, "What's wrong, Mom?"

“I think your Dad may be seeing someone else,” she sobs into his chest.

“Why do you think that Mom?”

“Because he hardly touched me when we were I Nashville.”

“That doesn’t mean he is seeing someone else.”

“Yes, it does,” she insists. “Normally, he can't keep his hands off me, but in Nashville, he seemed to go out of his way to avoid having sex with me."

Logan holds her tightly to his chest and tenderly rubs his hand up and down her back. Her heart is obviously aching, and Logan is tempted to confess the plan he and his Dad had concocted. After giving it a bit more thought, he determines that may make matters even worse. They both rest their chin on each other’s shoulder. Logan kisses her tenderly on the neck then follows his Dad’s suggestion and moves up to nibble on her earlobe. He feels a shiver pass through her, and she pulls him closer.

Logan removes his chin from her shoulder and places his index finger under her chin, tilting her head up where he can gaze into her eyes. Mom’s eyes are wet with tears and red from the crying. Logan thinks he reads all the signals that she wants to be kissed. He decides to test his intuition and leans forward. She closes her eyes, parts her lips, and accepts his kiss. Soon their tongues are fighting for position. Lucy sucks his tongue deep into her mouth, and Logan’s hand intuitively slides inside her robe. She has nothing on under the robe, and he caresses her warm breast while tweaking her nipple.

Lucy lets the robe slide off her shoulders and lays back on the sofa, pulling Logan with her. His porn site training kicks in and he sucks first one hard nipple into his mouth and then switches to her other nipple. She places her hand on his head and pushes him down, guiding him to where she needs him the most. He can smell her arousal as he descends toward her Venus mound. He is pleased by the site of her well-manicured, yet very hairy pussy. She has luscious full pussy lips and a large clit that begs for him to suck it.

Logan removes his boxers, moves further down the sofa, placing his face between her thighs. He spreads the lips of her vagina and blows gently on her opening. He had seen that on a porn site and was eager to try it on his Mom. Just like on the porn site, her clit pushes out from under its protective hood. He begins kissing her inner thighs, listening to her moans and mewls as he switches from one thigh to the other. He moves back to her pussy where he runs his tongue over her wet lips. His Mom lets out a deep guttural groan, and then he feels her hands on his head again; guiding him to all the places, she needs attention. He begins licking her hot labia, listening to her moans of pleasure as he continues running his tongue up and down her pussy. He parts her folds and lets her juices flow down onto his tongue. He finds himself vigorously tongue fucking his Mom as she begins gyrating on the sofa and pulling his hair with her fingers. He is so glad he had watched those porn sites. He wants his Mom to think of him as a worthy sex partner; not just her horny teenage Son.

Logan works his tongue deep into her pussy as she thrusts her hips upward before he moves up and takes her clit into his mouth. As he begins sucking her clit, he works a couple of fingers deep into her pussy, finding just how tight it is. That's another little trick he learned on the porn site. He begins to alternate between licking and sucking her clit, as she becomes more and more impassioned. It isn't long before she is thrusting her pussy hard against his face as the first of many orgasms wash over her.

Next, his Mom pulls him up, kissing him and licking her cum from his face. He doesn't ask for her approval and slips his seven-inch cock into her pussy as she gasps and wraps her legs tightly around his waist. After his first few thrusts, she places her heels under his ass cheeks and tells him to fuck her good and hard. He begins to feel sorry for his Mom because she is one hell of a hot woman and doesn’t always have a man around to make love to her the way she deserved; when she needs it. He starts thrusting his seven-inch cock deep into her pussy as she grunts and takes it all.

He can feel the lust and genuine enthusiasm coming from her as he fucks her in the manner he’d always dreamed of. Every once in a while, she stiffens and uses her heels to pull him deeper into her. She shudders and shakes for a moment and then relaxes. It concerns him, and he asks her if he is hurting her, but she assures him that he is not. She tells him that was her having an orgasm. He asks her to warn him before each orgasm, so he will know what is coming.

The way her pussy keeps tightening, gripping his cock, and the enthusiasm of her thrusts is absolutely incredible. He mentions how great her pussy feels squeezing his cock, and she whispers that it is her pussy's way of thanking him for fucking it so well. Over the next twenty minutes, he hammers his cock into his Mom’s pussy, fucking her in every position she suggests. Some of the positions she suggests he hadn't even seen on the porn site, but he enjoyed them just the same.

She orgasms at least two more times before he finally reaches his point of no return. However, he can feel his balls tighten, and tingle as his orgasm finally begins to bubble up. He fights like hell to stop his explosion for his Mom to have one more orgasm, but it isn't necessary to delay it because she starts cumming at the same time as he does. She screams as his hot sperm bursts into her spasming pussy.

“Oh my God, Logan, Honey! I’m cumminnnggg! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me harder!”

Logan is afraid she will wake up Becky with her screams as he fills her sucking, clenching pussy with all he has in him. He tries to muffle her cries by shoving his tongue in her mouth as her scrunching pussy sucks the final drops from his balls. When they finally come down from their orgasmic high, his Mom can't thank him enough for making love to her. He assures her that he will always be there any time she has a sexual need that requires his attention.

"Thank you so much, Sweetie, you have no idea how much that means to me," his Mom breathlessly whispers.

They spoon quietly on the sofa while Logan holds his semi-flaccid cock against her rear-end and gently strokes one of her nipples between his thumb and index finger.

"I have to admit I look forward to doing this with you many more times,” his Mom confides. “However, it’s critical we never let your Dad or your Sister know we did this."

"Your secret is safe with me, Mom." he solemnly promises.

Becky sits quietly on the dark stairway with her fingers buried deep in her pussy while she plots a way to get her big brother into her bed.