Macy Green was angry. It was for no good reason but he had felt this was for months. There were several underlying factors behind this however none really justified his constant resentment towards the world.

He watched Gail from across the street and couldn't help the antipathy rise within him for the woman who seemingly had it all: She was really pretty; lovely deep green eyes, good figure with a beautiful smile and she was so sweet, he got hard just looking at her which made him feel worse.

She had a good house; those on the other side of the street were bigger than his property, a good job as a lawyer and a busy but clearly enjoyable social life. Her husband was a successful salesman, sales director now, and kind of guy who everyone gravitated to at social events, confident, great in public and witty. All in all they had everything and irrationally, like so many other things in his life it made him mad.

Perhaps it came from his separation from his wife but that wasn't really it, she'd been gone for over two years now and he wasn't sorry. They had grown apart swiftly and the five years together hadn't been good.

He wondered about his colour and knew in his heart of hearts that he was always sensitive about the fact he was black. Maybe that was it, the foundations of his anger only if that was true (and he tried to tell himself it wasn't) it could never change. There were times in his youth when he'd faced some bigotry but now he was living the middleclass life and it simply didn't appear that often.

So what was it, if not a resentment that as a black man she wouldn't consider him? Maybe it was simply that as a man who was a little shy and not great socially he could never have a woman like Gail? Ok then if that was the reason, what could he do about it? Nothing.

He watched the woman getting into her sports car and glimpsed her long legs as the dress rode up a little and he grew angry again. She was being deliberately provocative, even though he knew that was ridiculous; he was probably the only person who could have seen her legs (and besides the dress wasn't even that short), it still got him mad at her.

So he festered and brooded for another week and when he saw her at a drinks party the next Friday he just got angrier. She had on a party dress which made her look stunning and with her six-two husband holding stage the room revolved around the two of them.

He had made a few friends locally since he'd moved there and actually the evening was enjoyable but Gail kept his attention most of the time. He'd tried to chat to her without any success and Richard, the husband while pleasant to his face was just as dismissive and that only brought out more bad thoughts in him.

It was later as he decided to leave when he overheard some news that got him interested. Gail was speaking to a friend quietly but he was hidden from view as he searched for his coat amongst a great pile in the narrow rear hallway.

"So you're planning a family soon then?" The other woman, Coral, said in a quiet voice as they entered the laundry room seeking seclusion from the rest of the party.

"As soon as the birth control's out of my system! But for God sake don't mention it to anyone. It would be awful if it didn't work out!"

"Why wouldn't it?"

"No reason, but you hear stories of couples trying for years and I don't want people looking at us knowing we're trying!"

The Coral sniggered. "Isn't that half the fun! Besides take it from me once you have kids things cool off a lot! Babies ruin you sex life forever!"

"I'll risk that. I'm twenty eight next year and want children while were young enough to keep up with them!"

Macy was embarrassed to have heard this so waited wile the women went on to chat about other things before thankfully returning to the kitchen. He couldn't face the possibility of being spotted by the women as he emerged from the laundry room so he skipped the goodbyes and exited using the side door.

He watched Gail a lot but over the next four months, she didn't begin to show so he wondered about what he'd heard. Maybe she wasn't trying or, perhaps she had a problem. It was approaching Christmas and there were several parties in the street which he found himself invited to and as usual he found he could stop looking and listening to Gail.

It was the week before Christmas that he overheard her again. He was of course trying to eaves drop most of the time at these things but nothing had be of remote interest until Coral steered her away from the crowd so he found an excuse to slip away after them. They slipped inside a small home-office and pushed the door closed but thankfully for Macy it didn't stay shut and the women ignored it as it swung open a little.

"...it'll happen eventually." Coral was saying.

"Not if Richard can't get it up!" Gail was more angry than upset.

"Has he always had this problem?" The other woman quizzed.

"No! That's the point. It's only since we want kids and then not all the time. Shit Coral I'm certain he's screwing someone else!"

"What? If he can't get an erection it doesn't sound like he'd be much use..."

"You don't understand! He could get it up before and sometimes if I work on him, not that he lets me much, but he's so half-hearted about it and besides I, well I... Oh Christ! I'm so frustrated by this!" Gail blurted. The other woman couldn't help smiling but gave her a reassuring squeeze of the arm.

"Look, have it out with him. Tell him what you think, he'll deny it, then say ok but he'd better be like a rock for the next few weeks or else!"

"I don't know, our sex life has gone down since this baby making agreement and I`m worried he's drifting towards someone else."

"Have you considered the alternative?"

"What?"

"That maybe he's masturbating so he won't get hard and you won't get pregnant?"

"But we want kids, we really do!"

"Maybe he's just saying that. Gail you need to confront this. Tell him the truth about what you fear and judge him on his answers. If he is screwing someone else then leave the bastard, if not find out why he's scared of kids." She patted her friend on the shoulder. "Richard's a great guy and I could see why you might worry that he's seeing someone else but firstly I don't think he'd do that to you because you probably don't realise just how much he loves you. Secondly you are a desirable woman and not the kind of person, Richard included, people would consider straying from."

"I don't know Coral, I just want a baby yet it's become far harder than..." Macy was interrupted by some of the other guests so he melted into the shadows then rejoined the party feeling happier; so the great Richard was having either erection problems or being a bastard to his wife. He hoped the former.


When Gail was clearly not pregnant a month or so later Macy began to get evil thoughts. Why not help them with their little problem? He could certainly get it up and had already shown he was potent enough as he had a daughter, not that his bastard ex. wife let him see her much.

He had a little fantasy about forcing the woman, she wouldn't be so proud and mighty once a child that was definitely nothing to do with Richard appeared. He thought about the fallout that would occur with neighbours, friends and family! In fact the more he thought about it the more excited he became.

The obvious problem was one of rape. He could do that to anyone and besides the two consequences would be prison (for him) and the morning after pill (for her). Seduction was an option either she didn't seem to like him much so that left only one avenue; drugs. There were several kinds of course; alcohol, recreational and date ones

Now he'd read about date rape drugs and ecstasy but he'd had only a brief encounter with them, a single session with his ex taking ecstasy. It had been fun and he remembered just how much he wanted to touch and feel her at the time but it would never be enough. He'd read about GHB and knew that it was the one that allowed you to take advantage of someone and for them to struggle to remember after then there were others that worked more as a sedative but which to choose, it was hard to decide. In the end he looked them up online.

After surfing for a while he came across some sites that actually promoted the use of such narcotics and one where Super G+ was paraded as the multi-drug of choice. It claimed that the taker would feel sensuous like with ecstasy for a short while then become both highly responsive to stimulus with a complete loss of inhibitions for up to four hours. If you chose the smaller dose and added it to alcohol the effect could last for up to 20 hours but there were greater dangers.

The site suggested the recipient would be left to enjoy a night of uninhibited passion and feel good about it the next day which sounded great only he was unsure. In the end he continued to gather more information about the new designer drug and came to rather different conclusions:

It seemed clear that actually there was complete memory loss from fifteen minutes after ingestion although the feelings and response felt during that period (assuming these were strong enough) would linger, ill defined but present for many days after. On one site a woman had posted that after taking it she could remember nothing but her partner had told her about a night of wild passion and certainly, so she posted, she felt more sexual for some time after.

There was even a claim on another site that the drugs effects might be cumulative so was dangerous to use it too many times or close together. It wasn't specific about the consequences but suggested a possible disconnect with reality and increased risk taking activities. Macy knew what risk taking activities he'd like Gail to undertake but also worried about the health of anybody using this.

He gave up on the idea, not that he was ever going to be brave enough, or foolish enough, to actually use something like that but it was all part of the fantasy. Then the week before Christmas he actually had a chance to chat to Gail as they were sitting next to each other during a local charity dinner. He made small talk to those around him and found most of the people pleasant and engaging not that he had much to say however Gail was the opposite. She appeared uncomfortable being next to him, barely spoke to him and once the meal finished moved to sit the other side of her husband, away from him: It was clear she was a complete racist.

It was a red rag to him so the very next day he found a company offering to ship G+ from overseas but he was scared; it was highly illegal and if this was a sting he could end up in prison. His anger was extreme but he decided to find a safer way if possible. The ex. was living with a man called Hugo and since he knew they were going away at Christmas he though he might be able to order it in his name then collect it while they were abroad. He even offered to look after Millie's pet rabbit for her which both surprised and pleased the bitchy ex. That gave him access to their house.

He was really pleased to find that any payment would go through as a bland name and since one of the problems he'd had with the ex. was her lack of control over finances he knew that wouldn't have changed. He set up a new email address in Hugo's name then supplied her card details (which he gleaned during one of his visits to see his daughter) then since it was going to take between seven and fourteen days to arrive he crossed his fingers and placed the order three days before they left.

As it turned out it took over the two weeks arriving the day before their return but he had it and no one could trace the purchase back to him, he felt safe. The only problem of course was the fact that he really lacked the courage to use it and even if he did what he would be brave enough to try. It was a pointless purchase but at least he hadn't paid for it himself.

When they hit February it snowed very heavily. The area was blanketed with over half a metre and no grit-lorries came to clear the streets because they were struggling to keep the main routes open.

Macy was shovelling his path free when he saw Gail fall over on her drive. It was still snowing so he knew he'd probably have to do the task over again but this would make it a lot easier, it also meant he was outside alone save for a couple of kids at the far end of the street.

He rushed over as the woman was getting to her feet. "I'm ok thanks." She stated waving him away but as she made the gesture she slipped over and went down hard. Macy helped her to her feet and she didn't resist this time as he guided her back into the house.

She thanked him withdrawing her arm from his grip sharply, clearly uncomfortable with him, almost certainly due to his skin colour, this angered him. He still offered to clear her drive but she told him she was about to use her 4x4 to get to work and there was no need.

"You won't get far in this even with your off-roader." Macy replied. "The roads blocked down the hill, I was considering walking to the station but it's such a mess and the trains aren't running. England in the snow! Everything grinds to a halt."

She seemed about to disagree with him but then replied: "I guess I'll work from home. Richard's in Oslo." She turned her back then as an after though gave a thank you before shutting the door.

Macy was busy for the next two hours shifting snow and despite the woman's cold attitude he also did Gail's drive entrance (they were opposite so it wasn't a big deal really) then he went to check on the road below them. He was actually pleased to find it still blocked with abandoned cars so returned home.

He did several hours of work using the laptop but by this time the snow had come back and was quite heavy. He could see he'd be stuck at home for at lerast another day or more. There was more fresh snow the roads the next morning and railway was in chaos and flights cancelled which meant no Richard.

There were quite a few about helping shift the snow Gail was out chatting to other neighbours but didn't even acknowledge him despite the fact that her driveway was in a better state than many thanks to his hard work of the previous day.

He made a point of then going to help the other clear a path down the centre of the road not that it was any good at the moment however just doing this made him feel good. Then he did the woman's drive again making certain she saw him doing it.

One of the neighbours produced some mulled wine and they all had a glass although Gail Howe was now back indoors. He couldn't suppress the anger that she'd not even said a thank you to him but despite this he knocked on her door and asked her if she wanted to join them for some mulled wine but like he'd expected she declined telling him she was now working. If fact she actually seemed annoyed he'd asked her and again no thank you!

Later that day the snow began again and soon the sky was thick with falling flakes as a good eight centimetres lay on the paths and drives so recently cleared. It was after three when he finally made it outside, the snow was now light but still falling and clutching his spade he began to shift it away from the drive.

His muscles aching form the excess exercise of the day. As it got dark he ventured across to Gail's drive debating if he should bother with the clearly dislikeable woman but he relented.

Suddenly there she was in ski pants, a bright ski top and a matching woollen hat looking actually pleased for a change.

"Thank you Mr Green. I'm about to head to the supermarket so if you wouldn't mind moving. I don't want to hit you if I slide." She said this in a voice that was as usual cool and was reflected in her eyes.

He smiled and moved back to the safety of his own drive as she started the vehicle and drove slowly forward heading towards the street beyond. He'd decided not to mention the fact that there were still a host of abandoned cars scattered about the hill beyond; she wasn't about to listen to him anyway.

He watched her tail lights disappear then turned back to his home still feeling more than a little irritated even though she'd finally offered a thank you albeit half-hearted. He fetched his own keys and started his own vehicle running it for ten minutes to help the battery. It wasn't an off-roader so wouldn't cope with the current state of the roads but he would need it soon and wanted it to be ready.

Macy tidied away then remembered his snow shovel was still by Gail's drive so trotted across the road, now without his coat and was putting it away when Gail appeared walking up the road unsteadily. He watched her approach then after considering ignoring her he decided to go see her. She stopped sharply as he approached but then closed the gap between them.

"Do you have a problem?" he asked.

"What's it look like!" She blazed. That was it for him he wasn't going to try to be neighbourly any more.

"Ok, sorry to have asked." He turned away and went home.

"Wait... err Mr Green, Wait!" Gail called.

He considered continuing on his way but he didn't, turning instead to face the woman as she approached still on his side of the road.

"Look I'm sorry. I've just had an accident and I'm a little shaken!" He could see she was.

"That's ok Mrs Howe. Is there anything I can do?" She shook her head then stopped. "I don't know. The road's blocked so I went to turn rood but even in the four-by-four it didn't get up the hill and slid sideways into a tree." She looked upset.

"If it's not too bad I'll see if I can bring it back here." He offered. "Do you have the keys?" She handed them over.. Gail didn't say another word but simply turned and continued to her house. Typical! `Let the black guy do the work while you go get warm'. He grumbled under his breath.

He popped inside to get his coat and gloves then as he stood in the hall he thought about the stuck-up woman and diving beneath the stairs retrieved one of the four vials of G+. `Ok' he thought, `push me further and...' and what? He wasn't going to use it! He went to put it back but slipped it into his pocket.

He found her vehicle abandoned halfway across the road it's front resting against a tree as she'd stated. He looked at the damage which was negligible then went in and started it up. As soon as he tried to move he noticed the problem, it simply wasn't in 4x4 mode!

The all-wheel drive selected and he was set. It was easy to move back up the hill so he decided to see what the conditions were like at the top of the hill. It was of course just as chaotic but he could see some intrepid adventurers had carved a route around the abandoned vehicles which he followed since they led to a local market.

Finding it open he fumbled for his wallet then decided to make a few purchases; what the hell that bloody woman could sweat a while. He didn't spend too long returning home inside twenty minutes. He was careful to stop halfway down the street and  carry them home before returning to Gail's vehicle and driving it home. Pulling it on the drive he felt that even with the little grocery trip she still owed him.

He knocked on the door and waited. The woman opened it and without a word looked beyond him. "So you got it back then." She stated. He was going to explain about the reason behind her difficulties but her continued lack of gratitude was getting to be insulting.

"Here are your keys." H held them for her and wondered if she'd even say a thank you but for once she surprised him. 
"That was very kind of you." She paused then almost as if she didn't want to say it she added; "would you like a coffee or something?" It was said in a negative way her head giving a slight shake that suggested she expected a no.

He should have said no as clearly she didn't want him in her house but he smiled and said thank you, make her embarrassed! She opened the door to allow him access and then directed him to the kitchen where a pot probably made half an hour before stood with her almost cold mug on the island that was now between them. 

The silence was noticeable as she poured out a mug full then stood silently as she pushed it towards him sipping her own luke-warm one.

"Would it be possible to have some milk please?" He asked and with a nod she turned towards the fridge. It was such a sudden decision it surprised even him. He un-stoppered the vial and dropped it's content in her coffee.

"Here you go." She handed the milk to him which he poured carefully in. Stirring the brew he decided he needed to strike up a conversation.

 "Very welcome." He stated as he took a sip, it was a little cool so rather a dumb one. "So have you used the four-by-four much, it's quite new isn't it?"

"About three months old." She replied. She sipped the drink then put it back down. "First time in the snow." She added. Macy realised she might never drink the coffee and even if she did she was a racist and not about to suddenly jump over the countertop and ravish him!

"The dents not too bad. You might want to get it done soon though as there appears to be a bit of bare metal showing and it will rust. If it's open Richard could probably drive it to the dealer tomorrow."

"He's still in Oslo." She stated. "I guess I could do it although I don't want to get stuck again." She was uncomfortable with him so picked up the coffee and began to swig it down, she wanted him out and soon.

"I suspect it won't be their airport that's the problem!" He smiled and sipped his. "They're used to a little snow, unlike us!" The woman agreed with him then added that she didn't know when he'd be back.

"Besides he's due in Italy on Monday so he might as well go straight there!" It wasn't meant but Macy agreed with her then began to chat about her husbands job for a few minutes but it was tough getting her to say anything.

He was watching for any signs the drug was taking hold but since over twenty minutes had now passed he thought it must be having some effect. Then he realised it didn't matter he wouldn't do anything about it and she certainly wouldn't.

"I need to get myself some dinner." She stated. Again before he'd finished his drink. It was cold and hurtful and got him really angry. This time he responded before he could hold himself in check.


"I upset you don't I?" He looked at her angrily.

"Not at all." She lied.

"But I do. You find it hard tolerating me. I guess it's because I'm black!" 

"That's not true." She was very slightly slurry which he knew meant the drug was now in her system but he no longer cared. Maybe this was why he really had the drug; so he could shout at her and tell her what a racist bitch she was in the knowledge she wouldn't remember.

"It is. The colour of my skin offends you. You were barely civil to me even after I cleared you drive. And now I've rescued the car it's a cold cup of coffee and shove out the door!"

"I'm sorry Mr Green I... I'm just not comfortable with black men... It's my problem not yours and I'm really, really sorry!" The drugs was clearly working as she actually stretched out her hand  to pat his hand apologetically.

"So why the problem? I know most white women are afraid of black men but I'm hardly a threatening guy, am i?"

"I... it's just that I'm afraid." She agreed. He moved around the island expecting her to shy away only she didn't. "Not really of you, but I never really feel safe around black people."

"So how can I prove to you that I'm nothing to be scared of?" There was something in her body-English that made him want to push her a little, maybe just maybe the drug might help overcome her prejudice.

"You don't need to prove anything. You're a decent man Mr Green..."

"Macy or Mace if you prefer."

"...err...Mace and I'm really sorry if I've upset you." She touched his arm again.

"You shouldn't be afraid of black people we are no different to you. My skin is the same as yours just a little more tanned." She laughed at this. He was thinking hard now. Could it be about to happen? How could he move it forward?

"Of course there are so many stories about black men, I'm sure they worry white men and also frighten off some white women."

"What do you mean?" Was it a tease or maybe she wasn't thinking clearly, which was more likely.

"You must know what's always said about us? It's too embarrassing to mention."

"I won't be embarrassed!" She stated so he pressed on hoping she wouldn't suddenly fire off a punch or something.

"Ok but don't blame for saying it. I mean about our prowess."

"Prowess?" She still smiled but he wasn't sure he should continue it was dangerous.

"Err yes... you know... the rumours about black men... you know...sex." He finally stumbled. 

"Oh!" She looked at him then to his relief she giggled again "What do they say?" She was surely teasing him now.

"That we are bigger ..." he waited hoping she'd react the right way. "...harder..." still just a smile. "...better lovers..." She didn't seem about to get angry, "...and more potent!"

"Oh!" She stated again. "I'm not sure. I mean I've never really thought them true... "

"That's not for me to say, is it?" He blurted and she giggled.

"So, err... do you mean it might be?" Suddenly this was it! She wasn't pushing him away and in fact she had an encouraging look on her face.

"Well only... err... you could judge that." He cringed when he said this but she looked at him with the same expression then put her hand on his arm again.

"How could I judge?" There was a smile in her eyes. God! Have courage! See this through, he thought.

"Only one way really..." he left this hanging but was unable to step forward and kiss the woman as he wished.

"Your are being very naughty Mace!" She laughed and caressed his arm and at that moment he stepped in and kissed her. She hesitated then stood back. "We mustn't." It was a statement but without conviction.

"I don't want you to be afraid." He added.

"I'm not." She replied then moved back and put her arms about him as they kissed deeply again.

It was like a dream. They kissed for ages then moved to the front room where he found her responsive as he undressed her then to his delight she actually screamed when he went down on her and she climaxed. Finally after thirty minutes of foreplay he entered her and made love.

She had two or three major climaxes and he finally exploded deep in her married womb the sensation of the beautiful woman pulling him deep inside her as he erupted was unbelievable.

He left at six after they'd had seconds and she was finally dressed but asleep on the bed. He was of course now fearful that she'd remember the sex and decide it was rape however the next morning he was out clearing the drive yet again when she emerged seemingly unaware of what went on between them. In fact she was her usual abrupt self although she offered a short thank you for the vehicle again as she inspected the damage.

He was itching to do it again now it clearly worked but also knew the dangers of using it anytime soon. However fate conspired that very day when she asked him if he could help her drive to the shops since it was clear he could use the four-by-four and she couldn't.

The drugs had clearly had a mellowing effect on her perception of him but she wasn't exactly friendly more businesslike which was still a million times better. He drove her to to shops and then back again only this time she invited him in more willingly.

She made tea then when he asked if she had anything cold she offered a beer which he took gratefully.  She then decided on a wine and that was when he decided to add half the vial to the drink. The effect was even stronger than before.

Gail seemed unable to keep her hands off him touching his arm and hands then when he went through the very same conversation as before she looked him in the eye and murmured that she'd like to put him to the test. They had sex again in her front room only this time he decided to take her to bed and they did it again before he finally persuaded her to have a shower with him (during which they had sex for a third time) then she dressed and he got her settled downstairs.

Unfortunately with the alcohol mixed drug she was still completely under the influence and wanted more sex so despite leaving her to go home she was at his door less than ten minutes later demanding he satisfy her again.

It took a huge effort to finally get her back to her own home and only then could he finally get to bed around 2am.

The next day was Friday and he stayed at home even though there was no more snow. It was a huge shock when Gail knocked on his door and asked if he minded another shopping trip. This time she was relaxed and chatty and he could tell the drug was still in her system the way she was slightly flirty with him.

Thankfully he was able to keep her at arms length and after lunch she grew tired which was his cue to depart before she came out of the drug haze and wondered why she was now friends with a black man.

He didn't see her for a couple of days but he also knew Richard hadn't made it home so she was alone. He bumped into her on the Tuesday and she actually smiled making him realise the drug had softened her towards him. It would be too much to ask that she'd feel sexual towards him but never the less it was much improved.

He didn't really plan it but that evening Richard was away in Italy and Gail alone so just by chance he went over and asked her if she had found a fictitious jar of olives he pretended to have purchased during their shopping trip.

He was invited in but after an unsuccessful search was rewarded with the offer of a drink. The third vial went into her coke and twenty minutes later he mentioned the black conversation yet again only this time she was bold.

"Mace are you asking me to compare black men sexually with Richard?"

"Well me anyway!" he suggested.

"Ok! Let's get to bed and I'll score you out of ten!" This was followed by a giggle and he followed her to the bedroom. That evening they made love twice and he left very happy. He knew he shouldn't have used three vials so closely together but the opportunity was simply too good to resist.

Gail actually waved at him the following week and made a point of flirting with him when they chatted in a shop that weekend. It was strange but he realised the drugs had altered her perception of him at an emotional level.

He was contemplating what he could do about it the next week when Richard was away when he saw her drive off that Wednesday evening. He decided he'd go over and try to see if she was receptive to him and if not there was always the drug. Her vehicle was back on the drive so he popped over, it was already after nine but he hoped she'd let him in.

She didn't respond to the doorbell so he crept around the side to see if she was in the kitchen with music on. He peered in and got a shock. Gail was draped over the island in the kitchen with a huge black guy hammering away from behind her. He could hear her yelling as she was pounded.

Shit! Macy stood with his back against the wall cursing under his breath. He'd missed the boat. He should have acted when the woman had flirted with him last weekend but now she'd hooked up with another black guy. Clearly the drugs had not just lowered her receptiveness to him it was for all black men.

Macy watched a week later as the woman slipped inside with another black guy; this one was taller but probably ten years younger than yesterdays. He'd witnessed her going inside with four so far and wondered if she had been changed forever? Then they stopped or at least he didn't see her sliding in with anyone.

She started to show a few weeks later and she didn't seem to mind. Of course the man Macy had seen her with used a condom so she probably did with all of them and thought the baby Richards but of course he'd been away for a whole week about the right time.
Gail Howe visited Macy a week after her black baby came out. She was alone as Richard had walked out on her that evening and it seemed most of her friends did likewise.

She had no recollection of being with Macy but had vivid recollection of the four men who she'd gone with in her brief spell of black lust. She was fond of Mace she thought, he was kind, attentive and although she didn't have the same urges when she saw black men as she had for those few weeks nine months before, she still felt an attraction for Mace.

She chatted to him then cried in his lap as she confessed how wanton she'd become for a while. He understood sympathised and then when she'd tentatively made advances he responded. She invited him home and they sent the night in bed broken of course by the baby feeds.

Eventually after six months she moved in with him and everything was great until a year later, the night she found the last vial. The packaging suggested it was an aphrodisiac, which was partly true, so she decided to share it with Mace when he got home from work. As it was he'd arranged a babysitter so they went out and she decided to slip it in drinks when they got to the bar.

Macy woke on the sofa in the dark alone feeing odd and very horny. He could hear a lot of noise from above so stumbled up to the main bedroom where he found Gail on her back with a room of guys. A white man was fucking her face as two more sat watching, a forth black man, pushed by him having come out of the toilet he slapped him on the back.

"Man you're girls incredible. Taking it all man, taking it all!" Macy looked at Gail's parted legs and saw a gaping hole with cum pooled inside. A man sitting at the end of the bed had followed his gaze so added.

"Twenty fucking two! Your slut's taken every load! He then punctuated this by getting up and sliding his cock into her very open hole. Macy noticed the man's cock was very large but looked as if it was rattling about in her.

"Fuck! Dempsey's ruined you girl! He turned to the large guy sitting smiling at him.
"Do you want another fuck? Hardly worth it she's ruined!"

The man laughed shaking her head. "No point! Just dump in her then lets go."

Macy was rooted to the spot. The woman, his woman; they had married only three week before, was sucking on the cock like a teat as the other guy hammered away at her well used sex. She was having a major climax as the guy in her mouth groaned then pumped for a few minutes longer then pulled away.

The man in her pussy came shortly after and left her lying legs apart on the bed as he grabbed his trousers. Three of them left leaving just the man from the toilet who Macy now saw was hung with a cock of ridiculous proportions. He was stroking it as it got hard then he spoke to Gail.

"Do you want some more lady?"

Gail had been looking at Macy with a big grin on her face but turned to the man now and held her arms to him. "God yes!" Despite being stretched and full of cum Gail still moaned and shuddered as the monster slowly filled her.

"I love your cock!" She stated as he pushed it deep.

"That's good honey because I won't be done for a long while!" He looked at Macy as he pushed past her cervix and finally got fully home, she climaxed again at this point. "fourteen inches and they're all inside your wife!" He bucked and she bucked with him causing him to laugh. "Fuck she's a responsive little bitch!"

Macy left after twenty minutes he couldn't bare to see Gail hitting climax after climax and telling the man she loved him and loved his cock. He slept on the sofa again before waking feeling odd again and finding Gail still under the man.  He seemed to have finally finished almost an hour after he'd started.

Macy showed him out then went to see how his wife was but she met him on the stairs. Cum was running down her thighs and she was still gaping wide plus she was covered in little hickies.

"Mace, come to bed I need you!" She tried to kiss him but her breath was foul. In the end he got her in the shower and went to change the sheets. He was completely confused about what happened but managed to get his now exhausted wife to go to sleep and they were out until their daughter woke them.

The next day Gail woke him with a blowjob. She then rode him her gaping sex felt cavernous. She was obviously disappointed that it wasn't as good as she hoped but said nothing. She confessed that she vaguely remembered being `a bit naughty' but it seemed she could only remember the sensations.

Mace wasn't so lucky and as Gail grew fat with a second baby realised it could be anybodies and worse any colour!





