Brian rolled Michael over to lay on his back as he tugged down the comforter first. He noticed the ratty Captain Astro t-shirt Michael wore. He ran the back of his hand down the peeling, tattered iron-on transfer. "Lay down for me..." 

"Brian..." Michael tried to reach up and grab Brian's biceps or shoulder joints, but he let them fall away as he saw the way Brian's eyes were gazing intently at what he was wearing. Certainly not "hot, sexiness", but he had requested "Mikey" be home when he arrived.

"Just... listen to me and keep quiet..."

Michael simply brought up a hand to soothe down the side of Brian's face, watching the head lean into his touch. "Yes... all right."

Brian pulled the rest of the linens down to expose the lower limbs encased in the usual accompanying thick fleece sweat pants. His hands were trailing down Michael's rib cage, drawing up the hem of the t-shirt. "... Mikey..." He dipped low to press his face, then his lips to the bared skin.

"Jesus, Brian... what--?" Michael combed his fingers through Brian's hair, trying to grasp the head to make it look up at him. To see what was in the eyes and face.

Brian lay on top of Michael's form, taking over the role of "blanket" on Michael's body. Their faces were level. "Ssshhh..." He used his nose tip to silence Michael, then drew on the flushed skin with his lips. "I need you... but not the way you think. Just kiss me."

Michael whimpered, his cock growing hard by the sound of Brian's begging alone. He opened his mouth and kissed Brian's lips as harshly as he could to show how much emotion was in him to give, when Brian was ready. He reached out with both hands to conform the palms about Brian's face. "I love you..." He wanted to say so much more, but the way Brian's body simply sunk into his, the lips drowning in his touch... he knew Brian was in control in this round.

"... hold me..." Brian let his head rest on Michael's upper chest, his arms tight about the small frame.

"Please..." One of Michael's hands slinked up to tug at the back of Brian's head, massaging the scalp. "... sweetie, tell me what's going on?" He wasn't really scared or frightened, just amazed how hornier they both were for one another, but couldn't even gather the courage to feast on each other. It was more important to simply be in their arms and held safe, close.

"Later... just... don't let me go..."

"Never." Michael sank low in the bed, reaching down to draw up comforter and sheets over them both.

Much, much later they would undress in the darkness after napping a little, catching up on needed sleep. They'd possibly have another round or two of sex. And it would be intense... both knowing and neither talking about what was on the other's mind. They had the weekend and their whole lives to discuss what was between them.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Ben had called Brian and Michael later on in the evening, on Friday night. The rest of the second portion of the interview would take place the next night, Saturday. Ben had stupidly said he was "Ready. Whenever". Brian took it to heart and said, "So, it's Saturday night, then?". Ben didn't have the balls to reject the offer and look foolish... so he took it.

Though each man had their separate worries, they were glad to finally be facing this moment, knowing once it was over they could all move on in their lives.

Brian recommended to Ben that he not eat before he came over. Ben could only assume a nice "meal before the firing squad" was being prepared for him. He couldn't actually fathom Brian or Michael spending time slaving over a hot stove or oven just for him. Most likely the food would be catered, ordered in from one of their favorite restaurants. Or, if they did attempt to cook him a supper, it might end up laced with some mind-altering potion. Something seedy and dark, unlike the usual Love Potion #9.

Ben chuckled in the air, not realizing how loud he'd been, thinking in his head at such idiocy. He caught sight of Lukas glancing at him over his shoulder, seated on the couch. His feet were crossed on the coffee table. He was sticking to watch some nature program on a cable network. Something boring to distract Lukas from thinking where Ben was headed.

"Sorry." Ben cleared his throat, throwing more notebooks into his satchel. "I didn't mean to break your concentration."

Lukas put his feet down, sitting up. He reached for the remote to "mute" the television. He slapped his palms over his knees as he got up from his position. "You didn't. I don't really need to know much else about the Papae Guonea Islands... unless I plan on moving there in the next six months." He slipped between the couch and coffee table to come out around the piece of furniture toward Ben. "Which I don't, by the way."

Ben was in the midst of packing his satchel, with his old notes and typed paper. He made sure his voice recorder had battery power and an extra set of batteries in the pockets. "I feel like I'm forgetting something." He stood up to pat his jeans, both front and back side.

Lukas crossed arms over his chest, leaning on the table behind the couch. "You do know... you can choose not to do this. Neither Brian nor Michael will hate you for it."

"Uh, yeah... because they already do." Ben tilted his head. "Thanks, Luke." He pushed away from the table to head into the kitchen. He wanted to grab a bottle of water.

"No. I'm serious. I know so little about Michael and even less concerning Brian." Lukas yelled for awhile, but decided to follow Ben into the kitchen. "But what I have been able to see... what you can't see, for yourself... is how great they are. How they bring out the best in each other. No matter what you assume they think of you... you've taken away their fears. You allowed them to rediscover one another." He situated himself to climb onto a counter top, watching Ben move to lean back on a counter ledge. "They know they owe you a bit of 'thankfulness' for pushing them together. They may not have liked your methods, but it's happened... get over it. Deal with the consequences. It's apparently where they want to be."

"Why couldn't I have known this before... and simply let Michael go?"

Lukas shrugged his shoulders. "You've loved learning since I've known you. Curious about anything you touch. It's what makes you such a great teacher."

Ben pushed off from his side of the kitchen, heading toward Lukas. He grabbed the portion of the counter beside Lukas' knees. "I'd really like to know about your conversation with Brian yesterday." He leaned toward Lukas' smirking lips.

"Nope." Lukas reached out to mess with Ben's button-down shirt, playing with the buttons. "Sorry. I get to keep that to myself."

"Why?" Ben dipped his head, falling toward Lukas' ear.

"Because..." Lukas moved his hands to shape Ben's shoulder joints. "... you're tense enough already." He let his hands roam along the spaces between the huge shoulder blades. "Jamie... you need to relax." He spun him around in his arms, massaging some hard, tight muscles. "I can almost promise you you're not walking into your own homicide."

Ben lowered his head, one hand moving to pinch the middle of his brow. "I suddenly see this as cheating on you. I don't know if this is a good way to start whatever's between us. We haven't officially talked about what we are to one another. I hate to screw this up."

Lukas grabbed Ben's arms, squeezing and soothing down his biceps and forearms, pulling him to his chest. God... he smelled fabulous. His nose brushed the back of the shaved hairline. "Leave it all in my hands. I know what I want to be. Who I am for you."

"Who?" Ben let out a soft chuckle, glancing over his shoulder.

"Not yet. You're not ready to hear me." Lukas opened his legs, letting Ben fall backward, one arm locking about the strong torso. He let the other hand roam down toward the bulge in Ben's jeans.

"Yes... I am..." Ben wished he could cancel out on the plans and stay here with Lukas. "Tell me." He latched onto the one arm across his chest.

"No... I wanna do something else for you..." Lukas trailed his hand up to undo the button and zipper of the soft denim. "This won't take long."

"Luke..." Ben moved to let Lukas jump off the counter. He watched as the deft hands pulled down both his jeans and underwear. A gentle, warm hand engulfing his mildly hard erection. He knew what Lukas' next moves would be. "Baby, don't..." He nudged his head with Lukas' blond curls.

Lukas chuckled deeply, stroking the length as he spoke. "I'm 'fluffing' you for your next big scene."

"I don't want a blowjob from you."

"Ah... but your body tells me you need one." Lukas slid his hands to reach around and grab the perfectly round ass cheeks. "Christ... even your ass is tense." He took bites at the bare abdomen. His green eyes glared up at Ben. "Jamie, you'll be fine."

"Stop encouraging me to enjoy a somewhat unplanned threesome." Ben relaxed back against the counter edge, letting his body freely find pleasure with Lukas' mouth. "Oh... God... I wish you were a part of this..." He closed his eyes, a hand reaching down to filter through the mass of blond locks at his groin.

“I know where you want me, but I like where I am.” Lukas kept his hands on Ben's hips, looking up under his lashes. "After the night is over... and you are or you aren't satisfied with what you've learned... I get to have you for the rest of my life. In our bed... and in my heart. I like knowing that."

Ben caressed Lukas' face, finding the features more dear to him than most he'd come to love. "Fuck!... me too..." He thrust once and twice into Lukas' hand. "Condoms are in my left pocket."

"I won't deplete your stash, will I?" Lukas stood, facing Ben's hunched, half naked form. He shut him up from answering by a hard, lingering kiss. He found one packet. "You get one night with them, Jamie..." He broke open the rubber, rolling the domed end over Ben's rigid length. "... don't even tell me you've figured one condom to be enough." He snickered at Ben's slow shake of his head. "If you need any 'pointers', I can rattle off a list of suggestions."

"No... save those... for us." Ben's hand clamped down on Lukas' shoulder, somewhat for balance.

"Oh?" Lukas raised a dark blond eyebrow in curiosity, with some humor. “When are we scheduling our threesome?”

"... asshole..." Ben grumbled at how horny Lukas had gotten him, out of control almost.

Lukas leaned his brow on Ben's temple, stroking and jerking to a certain rhythm. "Don't reject the idea, Jamie... keep it in mind."

"You liked Brian... more than you thought you would."

Lukas shrugged one shoulder, in nonchalance. "He isn't my type of flesh. I like... specific men, like you... Danny. And I can get off on fantasies, but I'd never act on them. You, and what we have, are more important to me."

"What does that make me?"

"Smarter. Possibly braver. I'll always wonder, but you'll know for certain." Lukas finally bent to his knees one last time. He didn't have to suck Ben for too long before he was ejaculating into the condom tip, his body spasming around Lukas' frame.

Ben weakly leaned backward on the counter, his satiation point reached to such a climactic moment. He loved the way Lukas kept touching him, even after having an orgasm. As if there was more hidden in his body somewhere. He let Lukas press against him, hoping he was helping somehow, settling more than his nerves.

"How do you feel now?" Lukas was soothing one hand over Ben's expansive back.

Ben kept his face in Lukas' neck. "I think I'm beginning to see, clearly, where I really want to be." He reached between their bodies to pull off the condom, tieing the end to keep the semen inside. His cock was way-too sensitive as Lukas tried to put him back to the way he was. Even tucking his shirt into the waistline of the jeans.

"I hope I'm in there... somewhere." As Lukas redressed Ben, he could sense the nervous tension seep from the quaking body.

"You are..." Ben nudged his nose with Lukas' cheek, requesting his lips. One arm came around Lukas' neck to encircle him to his chest. "... god... I love you..."

Lukas broke from the kiss to trail his mouth up the side of Ben's face to his ear. "... love you, too..." He held Ben, almost feeling his own body react to having watched and wanted so much more. "Take my truck." His arms tightened about Ben's frame. "I wanna know you're safe."

"I can take a taxi."

"Jamie..." Lukas drew away, looking at Ben's sharp blue eyes. "... I'm in for the night." He gestured with the use of his head. "Keys are on the table." He rubbed Ben's hips and bottom.

Ben brought up his hand to cup Lukas' jaw. "Will you be awake when I get back?"

"I'll be in bed." Lukas lifted one side of his mouth. “Is that enough?”

"Shit... I may need you..." Ben snaked his hand down and around Lukas' body, pulling him flush with his chest.

"Then wake me, I'll take care of you."

Ben could feel Lukas' own hardness against his thigh. "As I will... for you."

"Have fun." Lukas raised both eyebrows.

Ben simply dragged Lukas into his embrace and didn't let him go for almost a full five minutes. Lukas understood, not minding at all. He held tight to Ben's body, hands soothing and rubbing over the shirt, gripping the material every now and then.

Neither wanted to be the one to release first, but someone had to and did.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Ben rang the downstairs buzzer to be let into Brian's building. He felt a little calmer, but grew apprehensive again when he heard the return buzz that would unlock the front door. Once inside, he could have taken the stairs, but he knew the elevator would give him a few extra minutes to relax.

The moment he opened the series of gates and re-shut them, Ben could see the steel door was left open for him. He heard the reverberations of music through the loft's interior. Apparently, someone was stuck in the 1980s. He could decipher Michael's energetic dialogue and laughter as he attempted to remind Brian of where they had been and what they had been doing when the song came out in their shared past.

Ben raised his hand to knock, but didn't think anyone would have heard him. He simply slid open the door, standing on the threshold.

"Mikey! You're 'little friend' is here!" Brian's voice bellowed above the drone of electronic keyboards playing in the background. “Time to cum... out and play!” He spoke as if he had something stuck in between his lips.

Ben couldn't see Brian because one of the floor-to-ceiling posts was in his way. As he strolled in, shutting the steel paneling behind him... he realized Brian was in the middle of repairing something in his lap. An electronic screwdriver in one hand and two screws were pinched in his mouth. Ben was immediately shocked at how different the loft appeared, but that it didn't drown out Brian's avant-garde style. One portion of the loft, near the entertainment center, was crowded with stacks of boxes. Seemed like Michael was moving in a piece at a time.

"Hey, Ben!" Michael moved the glass slats to wave. "Be out in a minute!" He closed them and went back to finishing what he was in the middle of. "Can you turn down the stereo, Brian?!"

Brian sagged his shoulders, sighing heavily. "You had the remote last! You turned it up!" He went back to fixing the item in his hands.

"I'm busy!" Michael coughed out loud. "I left the remote on the coffee table!"

"I'll get it." Ben exclaimed as he took off the satchel strap from around his chest. He was moving toward the chair he'd sat in a week ago, setting his bag nearby. He looked to recognize one of the beat-up recliners Michael had salvaged, sitting amongst the pricey furniture. It was a serious eyesore, but Ben couldn't help noticing it looked as if most of Brian's "things" were covering its fabric. Like he'd been using the chair since it arrived. Ben found the stereo's remote, turning down the volume to a tolerable level. He turned to take off his jacket, walking toward Brian. He wondered if either of them needed his help or his brawn.

Brian had traded the two screws for a marijuana joint. He was placing whatever was in his hand on the breakfast nook counter. When he saw Ben approach, he offered the rest of the pot to smoke. "Take it. You'll need it. Michael's in a strange mood. Mostly nostalgic. He might get emotional too. Just a warning."

Ben took the joint, staring at the rolled paper. He was wondering the last time he'd done this. He didn't have many friends he just "chilled" out with, not even in college. Lukas had simply been a fluke, a pleasurable mishap. But they had been mostly separate than together, each in their own world. "May I ask why?"

"He had a few puffs, while I wasn't looking. It's a 'thing' he goes through when he tokes on a bud. I'd blame myself... but he's old enough to know better. My weed is good weed." Brian used the screwdriver to close up the object. He sat it upright, beginning to plug the cord into an electrical outlet, then the phone jack.

Ben recognized Captain Astro standing on a gray rock, in his usual "in flight" pose. The phone extension was part of the space rocket on the superhero's side.

Brian reached over to pick up his cell phone to dial his own home phone number. He waited a beat to hear the "ring" on his cell, then stared at The Captain. There was a five second delay before the sound of "UP... UP... AND AWAY!" was heard. Must have been the ringtone set for the collectible Captain Astro telephone. Brian situated the phone to face Ben, inching it closer... tempting him to answer The Captain's line. He was gesturing for Ben to pick up as he remained on his cell phone.

Ben chuckled softly, shaking his head as he picked up the heavy plastic extension. It felt like lead weight. He didn't even acknowledge Brian with a "hello". He put the joint between his lips, like a cigarette.

Brian's gaze zeroed on Ben, looking directly at him. His hazel eyes trailing up and down. "You look pale." He spoke into his cell phone. "Do I need to feed you soon?"

Ben wasn't moving his eyes from Brian's, especially the way mischief danced on the eyebrows. "No. I'm good." He took his other hand and sucked on the end of the joint. He placed it back down on Brian's ashtray.

“Yes... you're so right.” Brian bit his bottom lip, his gaze drawing down Ben's waist and bulge in his jeans. "Plug your ear."

Ben had seen Brian's "look", not sure he understood what Brian was asking. "Sorry?"

Brian reached up for Ben's hand to point the index finger out, showing him how to "plug" his ear. Brian spun the stool around, covering his own bare ear. He bent low to whisper through the connection. "Can you hear me?"

"Yes." Ben sniffled out a snicker, he never knew Brian could be this childlike, playful. As the lean frame spun back around to face him, he did his own "once over" of how Brian looked. He was barefoot, like normal. He wore jeans, faded in the right areas with frayed ankles. He had on a tank-t, with a short-sleeved, button-down shirt thrown over, as if being used for warmth. It looked like a car mechanic's uniform shirt. Over the right breast, above the pocket was stitched the name "Kinney" on a patch of some sort. Like this had once belonged to Brian's father. The mahogany hair wasn't styled like usual, just the bangs sliding over Brian's forehead and eyes. There was even a slight stubble covering his cheeks and jaw. It was Saturday... this must be Brian's "casual, I'm out of the office" look. Strange... to find this more sexy than the way he would've dressed for clubbing.

Brian smirked, his eyes alight with a tease. "Michael! I 'win' again! I fixed your Crappy Astro phone!" He waited for Michael to absorb his words.

Michael opened the slats, brown eyes wide, voice hinged with pleased shock. "You... you got it to actually work?"

"You got your cell? I'll have Ben call you?" Brian pointed toward Ben who still, oddly, held the heavy extension in his grasp.

"I thought it was broken? Even the repair shop said it was a lost cause!" Michael nearly sounded like he was gonna cry.

"Well..." Brian slapped his thighs in mock glee. "... I un-broked it!"

"You are... THE BEST!"

Brian caught the "compliment" as if it was an arrow to his heart. "I know." He swung around to face Ben. He relieved Ben of the weighty extension. He was about ready to say something when Michael interrupted him.

"Do you mind if I take this drawer, when I'm done cleaning it out of all this shit you won't need?!" Michael waved his hand around to display the "shit" he was talking about.

Brian swiveled to face Michael. "What 'shit' won't I need?"

Michael bent down to reach into the open drawer and pulled out what looked like a four-headed dildo. It had a base, mushrooming out into these four limp multi-length penises. "Like this?! Hey... it's 'CLASH OF THE TITANS'..." He put it above his head and acted like the evil sorceress, Medusa, with the snake-like hair who turned men to stone with just one "look".

Brian leaned back on the counter, his shirt opening more over his chest. He leaned his elbows on the cold marble surface. "See what I mean, Ben?" He rubbed his chin, softly chuckling as he watched Michael. "He's not quite right when he's high. Be glad you ditched him when you did." He wasn't looking at Ben as he talked, he stared at Michael intently watchful of the hilarious, crazy antics.

"Where did you get this, Brian?" Michael looked the dildo over in fascination, wondering if it was usable in his lifetime. He didn't know if he knew four people he'd want to be with to partake of its awkwardness.

"Why? You want your own? You can have that one."

"I don't want it." Michael made a face as if he'd smelled something bad, but he kept playing with the four penises, making them bounce up-n-down.

"It's not a toy, Michael. You could poke an eye out." Brian reached around to snag the joint. "Put all that in a box. I'll look them over later." He turned the stool around to drag over the next item to repair of Michael's.

Michael had apparently lined up a "pet project" for Brian to sink into, while Michael unpacked his boxes and cleaned Brian's old "shit" out to make room.

Ben leaned his hip on the wall of the low breakfast nook counter. One stool separated him from being close to Brian. "You two are really doing this?"

Brian had stuck the joint between his lips, looking his next piece of broken trash over. "What?"

"Living together?"

"Uh... yeah..." Was it not plainly obvious?

"I always had some idea you'd have this aversion to anyone, even Michael, moving in on your turf."

“Emmett's at Michael's apartment.” Brian stared ahead, blankly, before he went back to messing with the mechanisms. "I don't need an audience, despite what some folks think." He made it a point to stress his voice on the last few words.

Ben scratched at his hairline. "You're right. I forgot about Em."

"So... how did you want to do this?" Brian wasn't even looking at Ben while he worked.

"What's it gonna take to get dinner ready?" Ben glanced over at the dimly lit dining room table. Where usually the surface was empty and bare, now it was littered with Michael's mix-matched plate settings. They certainly gave rich character to the swanky steel and glass table. It was amazing how easily Ben was finding Brian incorporating Michael's belongings into his bachelor style and life.

"Taking it out of the fridge... and putting it on plates..." Brian spoke slow enough so Ben could understand him. He toked on the joint, placing it back on the ashtray. He inhaled a good puff, letting little smoke clouds come out of his nostrils. It was as if he'd trained himself to think of new and experimental ways to reach his high off the weed he rolled.

"Oh, well... then... I was thinking we could start the interview during the meal. Sort of ease into the situation." Ben let his hand trace Brian's keys and wallet on the counter.

"Sounds good." Brian spun back around to face the open slats. "Michael?! Pliers?!"

Michael popped his head up through the windows. He had something strange and made of black leather twisted around his neck. "I think I have them! On the bed somewhere!"

Brian wrinkled his brow in bewilderment. "Why?!"

Michael bit his lips. "Don't ask!"

Brian rolled his eyes. "Jesus Christ!" He made an exasperated sigh, making it seem like there was a long walk involved in reaching the bedroom. He got off the stool, hitching up his sinking jeans, trudging on over.

Michael met him halfway, stopping Brian from entering his own bedroom. "Hi, han'some." He winked, handing over the pliers with a long kiss to open lips. He backed away, caressing Brian's chest and face. "Thank you for fixing my phone." His brown eyes were alight with affection.

Brian swallowed a bit, staring into Michael's brown gaze. "Yeah... the I.O.U. is up to $200."

"Am I allowed to trade in with sexual favors?" Michael tugged on the leather-strappy thing he looped around his neck. He kept tripping over it on the floor as he was cleaning.

"Depends." Hazel eyes trailed over the leather Michael had on. He flicked his fingers on the straps. "What... did you find now?"

"You don't recognize it? It was in your leather sex toy drawer." 

"I had a leather sex toy drawer?" Brian was dumbfounded to learn this. He could hear Ben chuckling behind him.

~~TBC...