A couple of hours later, the three of them were still sat around the table, chatting. The food was gone, so was a lot of the wine, and Lister was drunk. Not loud, raucous drunk; not even swaying drunk. This was a new kind of drunkenness, especially for him. Everything felt kind of soft and hazy and warm but he was totally, utterly aware of everything that was going on; perhaps more so than he’d ever been while sober. Every little crackle from the fire, every light touch of Rimmer’s fingers, every lingering glance that Jason was throwing his way; he was picking up on it all. Emboldened by the effects of the wine, he met Jason’s gaze head-on across the table while Rimmer was talking and their eyes locked over the candlelight. If a fly had happened to buzz between them at that moment it would have spontaneously combusted in mid air.

“...Isn’t that right, Listy?” He caught the tail end of Rimmer’s sentence and was forced to turn away from Jason to reply. 

“Hmm? Oh, right. Yes.”

“You’ve barely heard a word I’ve said, have you?” Rimmer said, sliding his arms around him and kissing his nose, “My little alcoholic. You’re drunk, miladdo.”

“So’re you,” Lister challenged playfully, “Or you wouldn’t be talking such rubbish in the first place.”

“You know, I’m feeling a bit light-headed too,” Jason confessed, smiling.

“Good. Then we’re all drunk together. Marvellous,” Rimmer said cheerfully, “How about another?”

Lister drained his glass and took a deep breath. He was definitely starting to feel a real buzz now. He didn’t drink wine much; he’d always preferred lager and recently he’d been getting used to the local coconut rum that the rest of the lads at the farm drank, so being drunk on wine really was quite a new experience for him.

Rimmer was opening another bottle and Lister squinted at the label, “This is the one you brought, isn’t it, Jase?”

“Yeah. ‘S meant to be good,” he said and Lister picked up on the slight slur in his voice. For some reason he found it quite sexy, but that could’ve been for the same reason that Jason was slurring. 

Rimmer filled up their glasses and clinked his against Lister’s. “Here’s to our first year of happiness together, my love.”

“It’s your anniversary?” Jason asked in surprise, “And you asked me over for dinner? You two should be alone...”

“Oh, it’s not the actual night tonight,” Rimmer reassured him, “But as we’re celebrating anyway, may as well raise a glass, eh?”

“Right,” Lister agreed, taking a deep sip. Rimmer moved closer to him and nuzzled against his bare neck, “And Listy’s always up for a celebration, aren’t you?”

Lister giggled, both from the wine and because Rimmer’s nose was tickling him, “You know I love a party, babe,” he replied when he’d swallowed his drink. Rimmer kissed him. Jason shifted awkwardly in his seat and Lister noticed. He wriggled away from Rimmer, smiling. “Save it for later, Arnie. We’ve got company, remember?”

“I do apologise, Jason. I hope we’re not making you uncomfortable,” Rimmer smiled charmingly, “But it’s difficult to control yourself sometimes when there’s something you want right in front of you, isn’t it?”

“Can’t argue with that,” Jason replied with a tight smile, but he wasn’t looking at Rimmer when he said it. He was looking straight at Lister. Lister blushed and looked away, trying not to start giggling again. Rimmer was really rubbing Jason’s nose in it and he probably didn’t even realise just how badly. “Sometimes, you’ve just got to reach out and grab,” Rimmer concluded, one arm snaking out to grasp Lister’s behind. At that point Lister did start giggling, and nearly spat out his drink. He swiped at Rimmer and nearly toppled off his seat. “Look what you made me do, smeghead!”

“Don’t pretend you don’t like it.”

Jason downed his glass and forced some jolliness into his voice, “Perhaps I should be getting back now. I think I ought to let you guys have some alone time.” He stood up to go. Lister looked up at him sweetly, “Aw, come on. Don’t go, Jase. The night is young and there’s still two bottles of wine left.”

“I don’t know...”

“Come oooon,” Lister batted his eyelashes at him, “You don’t really want to go, do you?” 

“Anyway,” Rimmer smiled, “You can’t leave without kissing goodbye. That would just be impolite.”

Jason smiled and shook his head, “I suppose there is that.” He walked round the table and bent over to give Rimmer a kiss on the cheek, “Thanks for dinner, Arn. It was great.” He turned to Lister and hesitated for a moment. He doesn’t want to give himself away, Lister realised. He tilted his head up invitingly and looked him in the eyes, almost challenging him. You’re not afraid of kissing little me, are you, Jason? His heart was pounding with excitement now. Would Jason take the bait?

It seemed he would. Lister felt Rimmer’s hands slide lightly around his waist as Jason bent down to him, and knew it was a signal. He knew what Rimmer wanted him to do. At the last moment, as Jason’s lips brushed his cheek, he turned his head slightly and met Jason’s lips with his own. He felt the shock run through him as they touched, and then felt his shock double as he realised what Lister was doing. Just so there was no doubt on that score, he deepened their kiss and let one of his hands wander up Jason’s thigh to his crotch. 

As the two of them finally drew apart, Jason let out a soft breath, seeming a little shell-shocked. Rimmer tightened his grip on Lister’s waist and stared up at Jason with a small smile, “Hmmm,” he said thoughtfully, “You know, Jason...I think he likes you. Maybe you should stay after all.” Jason was quite literally speechless. “Listy? I think he needs a little more convincing.”

Lister stood up, startled for a moment by just how badly his head was spinning, and slipped his arms around Jason’s waist, nuzzling up against his neck. He could feel his heart racing beneath his shirt, could feel his arousal pressing against him with unmistakeable urgency and he kissed his throat gently. His mind went back to the night in the paperwork hut when Jason had tried to seduce him and had come damn close to accomplishing his goal. Well, this time the tables had turned and he was the one doing the seducing; and something told him that he was going to succeed where Jason had lost. He looked up into his face. “You told me once,” he said softly, gently fingering the pendant at his throat, “That you thought this looked best in firelight. But I think it looks even better when I’m not wearing anything else. Perhaps you should be the judge of that, man.”

Something seemed to come alive in Jason’s eyes as he finally got a handle on the situation, “Perhaps I should,” he replied. He pulled Lister hard against him and they started to kiss passionately. Moments later, Lister felt the press of Rimmer’s body behind him and before he knew it, the two of them were tearing at his clothes. He started to pull at Jason’s shirt but, before he could get it completely undone, they’d spun him round and suddenly he was kissing Rimmer instead. He tottered unsteadily on his feet and felt their arms around him, holding him up. He was too drunk for this, he could barely stand up, but that didn’t seem to bother his companions.

Before Lister knew it, all three of them were naked. Jason reached over and plucked the half-empty wine bottle from the table; then tilted it to Lister’s mouth while Rimmer held him from behind, caressing his shoulders and kissing his neck. Lister swallowed as much of it as he could, but some of it trickled down his throat and chest. By the time Jason finally took the bottle away and tipped the last few dregs into his own mouth, Lister was absolutely hammered. Jason tossed the bottle away and began to lick up the drops of wine that had spilled down Lister’s body and ended up down on his knees in front of him. 

He took hold of his hips and began to kiss and nuzzle at his stomach. Lister suddenly tensed up as he realised what he was about to do, and this time he couldn’t run; if only because Rimmer was holding him in place. Jason lightly ran his fingers over the scars on Lister’s side, then began to kiss and lick them. Lister fought back a shudder. Jason knew very well what he was doing to him and he was doing it to make a point. I got you in the end. But then, deciding his point had been made and by way of seeking forgiveness, he moved lower and began sucking deliciously on his cock. 

Lister couldn’t believe that just a few moments ago they’d all been sitting around the table, talking and behaving in a civilised manner. It just didn’t seem real. But that could also have been because the whole room was swaying in front of his eyes. He leaned back against Rimmer, who was rubbing his cock back and forth between his buttocks, and tried to regain some kind of sense of equilibrium; but the feel of Jason’s mouth on him was making it tricky to focus on anything else. 

Jason released him before he could come and stood up and kissed him deeply; but before he could even start to miss the attention on his cock, Rimmer’s hand was there, stroking him rhythmically and then Jason’s hand joined it. He moaned helplessly between them, feeling his climax building as they tormented him. But they weren’t ready to give him his release yet. Christ, this was torture but the best possible kind. He was starting to doubt that he was going to live through a whole night of this. 

The next thing he knew, they were all on the bed and he was licking his way down Jason’s rippled torso to close his mouth around him. He’d spent months wondering how big Jason was, what he would taste like, and tonight he was carrying out a full investigation. As he sucked on him, he felt Rimmer grasp his hips and rub a generous amount of softened butter into the crease of his ass, then enter him from behind, sliding right up inside him with one smooth thrust. He hadn’t been expecting it and the shock made him murmur against Jason’s cock. Jason gasped and grabbed the back of his head, forcing his cock further down Lister’s throat.

He knelt on all fours between the two of them, stroking his own cock as they buried theirs in him and just the thought of what they were doing was enough to bring all of them to orgasm within a matter of minutes. Lister had barely recovered before he was firmly turned around and Jason, still hard, rammed himself inside him. He moaned and bucked against him. 

Jason fucked the way he’d imagined he would, hard and fast; sending sparks flowing along nerve endings that were still sizzling from his last orgasm. It was all Lister could do to stay up on his knees and not collapse down onto the bed. He felt Rimmer’s hands gently cup his face and opened his eyes to look up at him. Rimmer was kneeling before him so their faces were level, and smiling joyously; as though he were watching a miracle rather than another guy fucking his boyfriend. He gazed deep into Lister’s eyes, drinking in every flicker and flash of pleasure that danced through them as Jason screwed him. “I love you so much, Dave,” he whispered and kissed him tenderly. Lister responded enthusiastically, putting every ounce of what he was feeling at that moment into the kiss, as if he could share all the incredible pleasure coursing through his body with Rimmer that way. But Rimmer had had enough of kissing. He firmly guided Lister’s mouth down to his cock. 

It wasn’t quite the romantic gesture Lister had been hoping for, but the feel of Jason’s cock grinding insistently against his prostate, their balls rubbing together as he thrust, was enough of a distraction for him not to mind too much. He went to work on trying to make Rimmer feel the way he was feeling. Jason had quickened his pace and Lister could already feel the first glowing contractions of orgasm starting up around his abdomen. His cock was pulsing like a live thing between his legs, but none of them were really in a position to tend to it. With shock, Lister realised that it didn’t even matter anymore. He was going to come right into the air as it was without anyone so much as touching his cock.

When the three of them finally reached that peak one after the other, Lister was certain that had to be it. He couldn’t believe that any of them would have anything left. He collapsed down on top of Rimmer who pulled him into a kiss, eager to taste the mingled juices of all three of them. Jason was dotting kisses over his back and shoulders, mounting him from behind so that he was sandwiched between them in a warm press of flesh.

And then, Lister realised that Rimmer and Jason were both still rock hard; and between them they were manoeuvring him into a position that would suit them both. His thighs were parted to straddle Rimmer’s hips and he felt the wet head of Rimmer’s cock press against his asshole. He sighed in anticipation as he felt Jason rubbing more butter over them both in preparation, imaging Jason’s hand stroking Rimmer’s cock even though he couldn’t see it. And then he gasped in shock as he felt Jason’s cock join Rimmer’s at his tight entrance and they both started to push. There was no way...It just wasn’t possible for them to both...At the same time....

But it was. Lister gasped and writhed but he was well and truly trapped between them. He’d been well lubricated and they were taking it slowly and gently but nothing could have prepared him for this. It felt like he was being turned inside out. “Guys,” he managed to gasp out, “I can’t! I can’t take it!”

“Yes, you can,” Jason insisted breathlessly, “You’ll be just fine. It only hurts just at the beginning, but once we’re all the way in and the initial shock has worn off it’ll feel just incredible, you’ll see...”

“Please! It feels like I’m going to tear in two!”

“It’ll all be okay, Listy, just relax...” Rimmer urged in agreement, but by the sound of his voice he was more concerned with his own current feelings than Lister’s. 

Inch by inch, in utter synchronisation, they eased themselves into him, soothing him when he moaned, and at last they were all the way in. Lister had never felt anything like it. It hurt; but it was a deep tremulous pain, like the lowest note plucked on a guitar string. And surrounding the pain was a feeling of...not pleasure exactly but more of a euphoria. He could feel them both, long and hot and pulsing exquisitely inside him and that was amazing, but the whole thing was spiced with the terror that at any moment pain could well make a re-appearance. Still perfectly in time, they began to move in and out of him and he couldn’t take it anymore. He began to writhe helplessly with sheer sensation, his cries like that of a dying man begging for oblivion and still they went on and on....

And then...Lister experienced a moment of horrible surrealism; or maybe it was actually a moment of clarity, when he suddenly felt that his entire sense of self had been stripped away and it seemed that everything that was him had ceased to matter in this equation. He’d been reduced to just a thing; a means of fulfilment to the two men fucking him. In their minds, he as a person no longer existed in this room. Right now he was nothing to them but a vessel for their desire, a shell, and the feeling of sudden emptiness, of worthlessness, made him want to scream. And before long he was screaming, his orgasm ripping through him like a furious storm, almost as though it were trying to assert by its power that he was here, that he mattered. But he may as well have screamed at the moon. He knew now that this was not about him anymore, if it ever had been at all. This was about them and nothing was going to change that.

When it was over, and they lay tumbled in a wet sticky pile, Lister wriggled away from his two captors and crawled a little way up the bed, then collapsed and buried his face in the pillows, exhausted. His whole body was still singing from orgasm and he couldn’t catch his breath. After a moment he felt a gentle hand between his shoulder-blades, tenderly stroking his back, and he didn’t need lover’s intuition to know that it was Rimmer. “Looks like he’s had enough,” he heard him say, sounding tired but happy...and more than a little smug.

“Guess so,” Jason panted.

Rimmer lay down beside Lister; his fingers affectionately stroking the back of his neck, “You okay, babe?” Lister managed to nod but he couldn’t work up the energy to respond verbally. He was utterly drained. Rimmer wrapped his arms around him protectively – or maybe possessively would be a more accurate way of putting it; and Lister, despite himself, snuggled closer to hide his face in his chest. He didn’t trust himself to look at Jason.

He heard the subtle rustling of the bedclothes as someone stood up and started getting dressed, and Jason saying awkwardly, “Maybe I should go.”

“Oh, well,” Rimmer replied, being cheerfully polite but not arguing; “It is getting late, I suppose.”

“Yeah, er...This was fun.” 

Lister could feel the weirdness of the situation crackling in the air even with his eyes shut. How the hell do you say goodnight after a dinner party where you’ve just spent a hefty chunk of the evening fucking? What’s good etiquette for that?

“I guess I’ll see you guys tomorrow,” Jason concluded after a pause. It seemed the safest thing to say. 

“Sure, absolutely,” Rimmer agreed, “Goodnight then.”

“Goodnight.”

Rimmer waited a few seconds until Jason was gone, then gave Lister a (somewhat triumphant) squeeze. “You were wonderful tonight,” he whispered to him, “You really were. I’m so proud of you.”

Lister said nothing; and not only because he was tired. Despite his body trying to remind him that what he’d just experienced had been pretty damn amazing, he didn’t feel amazing. In fact he felt like he wanted to cry. 

Rimmer kissed the top of his head, “I know you were nervous, Listy, but the look on your face as you were having that last orgasm was so incredible...It just made it all worth it. I love you so much, you know. So much...” 

He kissed him again; and for a moment Lister actually came close to rolling away. He didn’t want to be kissed right now. He didn’t even really want to be touched. But he held back and allowed Rimmer to continue cooing over him. However he felt right now, Rimmer was obviously on cloud nine and he didn’t want to ruin that. And besides, he was nearly asleep anyway. Perhaps he would feel better in the morning. Right now he was tired and still slightly woozy from drink and sheer exertion. Once he’d recovered himself and had a good sleep he was sure to feel better about things.

Surely.