*This is a long story and involves elements of female domination and financial domination. There is very little sex to start with. If you're not ok with any of these things please don't read*

I stood at the bay window, hiding slightly behind the curtains so my spying would be less obvious. The house next door was finally getting a new occupant after several months of sitting vacant, and I was getting his first look at his my neighbor.
The small U-Haul truck backed into the driveway accompanied by the normal irritating beeping. The engine shut off and one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen stepped out of the cab. She was medium height, with straight brown hair and brown eyes and looked to be in her mid 20s. Her full red lips were curved in a smile as she took in her new place. She wore a short sundress covered in a floral print that showed off her beautiful bare legs as well as an eye-popping amount of cleavage. I found himself getting hard as my hand wandered down between my legs. I couldn't believe my luck. My previous neighbor was a cranky older man who hardly spoke a word except to complain if the garbage truck put my trash cans down on his side of the property line - and now I was sharing a property line with this stunning girl.
She walked around to the rear of the truck. Picking a key from a keyring, she bent at the waist to fiddle with the lock on the sliding rear door. A gust of wind blew her dress as she bent down, and I gasped as I saw a peek of her perfect round ass covered by a pair of lacy light blue panties. Startled, she pulled her hem down, looking around self-consciously. Hidden behind the curtain in the darkened room, I thought it was unlikely she could see me. Unlocking the truck, she opened the back and scrambled inside.
It looked like she was planning on unloading all of her things by herself and I realized this was the perfect opportunity. Checking to make sure my hard-on wasn't too obvious, I raced to the kitchen and filled up a glass with ice and lemonade that I had just squeezed that morning. Barging out my front door I approached my new neighbor, glass in hand.
"Hi - I'm Chris...from next door. Looks like we're neighbors! I thought you looked thirsty and maybe could use a hand with your stuff?"
She set down the box she was carrying and smiled at me. God she's gorgeous, I thought to myself.
"That's so nice of you! I'm Amber!" She thrust out her hand and shook mine. "It that lemonade?"
"Yes...I made it this morning" I replied. It took a massive amount of willpower to not blatantly stare at her chest. She wasn't wearing a bra and it looked like her boobs were going to burst out of her skimpy dress.
"Wow, a cute guy who squeezes his own lemonade - looks like I hit the neighbor jackpot" She joked as she took the glass from my hand and raised it for a drink. It was like something from a commercial - condensation from the drink ran down the glass and dripped onto her chest. I found myself hardening even more as I watched the drop of water slide down her breasts until it disappeared into her ample cleavage. Looking up, I saw she was watching me over the rim of the glass with one eyebrow cocked.
"Um...welcome to the neighborhood" I stammered, embarrassed at being caught so blatantly ogling her body. I felt myself blushing. Wait...did she just call me cute? I knew she was way out of my league in that department. I'm not bad looking - medium height, rather on the skinny side - but I was never the guy in class that the girls all chased.
"Actually I'm so glad you showed up - I'm completely exhausted - those few boxes I carried were all books! I'm going to sit for just a few minutes and rest if...maybe you wouldn't mind taking over for a bit?"
She took a seat on her porch steps and took another sip of her drink. I couldn't help but notice how her dress rode up her leg, exposing her beautifully toned thigh. She must work out or play some sort of sport, I thought to myself.
"Uh...sure!" I stammered again. Mentally I kicked myself. I sounded like an insecure middle school boy in front of his crush, not a 35 year old successful owner of my own electronics consulting firm.
I hopped in the truck and immediately went for the heaviest box, trying to empress her in another juvenile display. It was heavy as hell - she wasn't joking about these being full of books!
"That one goes upstairs- second door on the left!" She said helpfully as I struggled up the porch steps with the box that must have weighed at least 75 pounds. I groaned internally but responded with a chipper "Sure! No problem!"
Fifteen minutes later I was dripping with sweat. I had made a bunch of trips, each time with Amber telling me where in the house exactly to go with the boxes and small furniture items. Finally I lifted a light box and her eyes lit up.
"Oh great - some of my workout clothes. Listen, I know I just met you and this is a huge favor to ask...but I have a bit of an appointment in 15 minutes and I was really hoping to keep it. I could just lock the truck up but I was REALLY hoping to get everything moved in before this rain kicks in later today. Would you mind terribly..."
Amber looked up at me expectantly from where she was still resting on the porch stairs. Was it just me or was the hem of her dress even higher than before? I swear I could almost see a hit of her underwear between her legs. Tearing my eyes away yet again I saw her looking at me with that same raised eyebrow from before. I had just met Amber and she had already caught me staring at her body twice! I blushed yet again and stammered a response.
"Uh...yeah...of course! No problem!" I was again eager for the distraction after getting busted staring at her legs.
Amber stood and handed me her empty glass.
"Thanks Chris - again, the boxes are labeled and I think you know where the rooms now! I really appreciate it!"
She gave me a quick hug and disappeared into her house. I stared at her legs and ass until she disappeared down the long hallway to her bedroom and closed the door. I got back to work, moving boxes to their correct rooms. I was a little bit worried because behind the walls of boxes I could see furniture in the back of the truck.
Five minutes later Amber came skipping down the porch steps. She had changed into workout gear - form fitting brown yoga pants that complimented her olive skin, and a white sports bra that barely contained her breasts. She had on sneakers and carried a water bottle and wore her hair in a ponytail. Through sheer willpower I avoided staring at her exposed stomach.
"I'm off to my appointment!" Amber said as she skipped past me to her car. "Thanks again - after everything is unloaded just close up the house!"
She drove off in her car with a little wave. I was speechless. Her "appointment" was obviously a yoga class or workout time at the gym. She left me to do all of her moving while she was out doing that? Instead of anger though I felt a strange mix of emotions. I was happy that she was so friendly with me and trusted me enough to ask me to do this for her. I was also a little excited at the thought of her owing me a favor for this - maybe I could ask her out for dinner or coffee or something in exchange for this? These thoughts were swirling around my head as I worked all day on moving her belongings into her new house.
The furniture was rough. Luckily she didn't have a giant couch or any large bookcases but the king sized mattress and box spring were a major challenge. I had to do them in stages - lift part and slide, move to the other side, lift and slide, again and again. Finally, several hours later, I was exhausted, covered in sweat, and shaking from exertion. But the truck was finally empty. I slid down next to the truck, too tired to walk back to my house.
Just then Amber's car pulled into the driveway next to the truck I was resting against. She saw dripping with sweat as well and I could see her exposed skin glowing from perspiration.
"Oh wow - you're all done! You're amazing!" Amber gave me a pat on the head as she walked by. I stared at her retreating ass in disbelief. Did she actually just pat me on the head like a dog? After what I did for her? Again, I felt a conflicting mix of emotions. I knew I should feel angry but my eyes were affixed to her perfect ass and I just felt horny to be honest. Amber skipped up the steps and turned back to face me. She bent over the railing exposing almost all of her ample breasts.
"One last thing - I'm all sweaty and need to shower off. Would you mind running the truck back? It's the Uhaul downtown on Main Street. Thanks so much!"
Without waiting for a response from me she tossed the truck key in my direction and turned back inside her house, closing the door behind her.
Wearily I climbed to my feet. I was exhausted and wasn't thinking straight but couldn't figure out how I would say no - the prospect of knocking on Amber's door and refusing her reasonable request seemed ridiculous, so I climbed in the truck and started the engine.
Fifteen minutes later I dropped the truck off and tossed the key in the key return box. Suddenly it hit me. I knew I was tired but I couldn't believe how stupid I was. I was alone, downtown, with no cell phone or wallet!
I began the one hour walk back to my house. At that moment, of course, the sky opened up and it began pouring.