
TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  July 2012 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(CUCK, MC, MMM+/F, MM, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title: Conversation With A Friend
Author: C.D.E.

Cast:
Cuckold Husband: Sylvester
Wife: Sara
Friend: Steve

	Yes Steve, Im really happy being married to Sara.  As Ive
mentioned to you before, the marriage has not turned out the way
I originally thought it would, you know the traditional marital
arrangement where the husband is the master of the castle. But I
believe our arrangement is far better.  After all, Sara easily
got me to see Im more suited to being a follower, and well,
following her orders. I-Ive come to like doing as Im told, and
letting her rule the household.  I have to say, shes right, for
here we are after 12 years of marriage and all I have to say is
that things are really good between us.
	Sylvester, I dont know how you can say that.  Youre a
henpecked fool, and you know it.  Who in the hell would let his
wife keep his cock and balls locked up while she gives herself to
scores of men virtually for the asking, all the while using you
as a doormat.  Shes a slut and you know it?
	Steve!  Please dont use language like that in this house.  And
keep your voice down.  The children dont need to hear such
outrageous things.  I know youve been a bit concerned that Im
being taken advantage of by my wife and her family.  But I just
dont see it that way.  Yes, I wear an electronic chastity belt.
Its just my wifes way of saying she loves me, thats all.  And
it does prevent me from yielding to temptation to commit
adultery.   And sure, I know most husbands would be upset if
their wife was having sex with another man  or in my case  with
other men.  But they would be lesser husbands than I, thats what
Sara tells me.  And I believe her.  For I know that my wife is
emotionally faithful to me, even if she has a condition that
causes her to physically be promiscuous and unfaithful, as seen
in the eyes of others.  But as Ive told you before, Sara has
explained her actions for doing what she does, they make sense,
and Im completely satisfied with her rationale. And because that
rationale is confidential to our marriage, I will not be
revealing it to you.
	Even though I told my friend Steve my wifes reasons were
confidential, in all honesty, all I could remember of her complex
explanation was that I should trust her because she knew what was
best for her, and our marriage. For some reason, whenever she
stares at me intensely as shes telling me something, her logic
always sounds reasonable.  So even though its been a few years,
well over 12 to be exact, Im sure the logic of her rationale is
still solid, even though I cant recall all the details.  And
whenever I do bring it up with my wife, she makes me feel so
ashamed that I cant recall them all.  She usually makes me feel
so silly about the matter.  And since she easily intimidates me,
I always drop the subject and defer to her position that there is
no need to revisit a decision already made.
	And I guess while youre staying home, with your throbbing
prick all locked up, and in misery with a case of blue balls, is
that confidential too?  Everyone knows she hasnt let you fuck
her cunt after all these years of being married to her.  Even she
admits that.  Plus, you suck out her many lovers spent semen
from her popular pussy.  Youre basically a pantywaist virgin
husband.  And its no secret that she only permits you to beat
yourself off on her schedule and to boot, she oversees you doing
it.  Plus, everyone knows that after you come home from your day
job, youre nothing but a housemaid, and nanny for her little
bastards.  All the while shes out at bars and clubs, putting out
for every cunt hound that asks her for some pussy.  And dont get
me started about your second job as a sissy cock whore, being
rented out under your pimping dad-in-law to provide for your
bastard maker wife and bastard kids. 
	Steve!  Do I have to remind you that you are supposed to be my
friend, and a guest in our home? I will not have you calling our
kids bastards!  You know Im the legal father of our 5 children,
even if Sara was impregnated with them by her other men friends
since weve been married.
	And before you say anything else, sure I have domestic chores
to attend too.  And as far as me staying home with the kids, its
more than babysitting.  Im being a proper dad to OUR children.
 And you know Im not much for clubbing and bar hopping.  Sara
loves the night life and its good she has friends that she goes
out with to do those things. She and I have clear and open
communications and full trust between us. She has no intentions
of being promiscuous or having sex with other men, it just
happens sometime that lust builds up between she and her dates
and it results in sex between them.  Yes, I know it happens
often, but she is working on controlling herself.  Ive been
trying to get her to dress less provocatively and to at least
wear panties when she goes out, but as I alluded to earlier,
these things are confidential to our marriage, and she and I are
working on preventing lust build up between her and other men -
who unfortunately see her as an easy piece of ass who is easily
tempted.  And as Ive told you before, despite her efforts at
trying to restrain herself, her getting fucked often happens. 
And besides being tired from the well-endowed penises and virile
stamina of the men shes has had sex with, she often feels
ashamed of having sex with me.  As part of her recurring feelings
of remorse, shes often not in the mood to have sex with me, so
yes, I masturbate a lot.  And just because I do jack off a lot is
no reason to condemn me for doing so. After all, its a perfectly
normal sex act, and Sara adores seeing me pull myself off, so
much so that she supervises me every time she permits me to
masturbate. That alone tells you how much love we have for each
other.  And for your information, her parents are so pleased that
I am sensitive to their daughters sex condition, as well as my
vow of faithfulness to her.  They praise me for my courage and
fully encourage me continue to jerk myself off rather than break
my marriage vows of love honor and obedience to their daughter.
	Im telling you Sylvester, youve been brainwashed big time.
	Steve, you say that all the time, but Sara and her parents are
not taking advantage of me.  Theyve just gotten me to look at
things from a different perspective.  Now you know that Sara and
I have been married for over 12 years now.  And I know you keep
seeing me as being duped just because my wife has not let me have
intercourse with her yet, despite the 5 babies shes delivered in
our marriage from other men.  As Ive told you, she has her
reasons  sound reasons I might add, and her parents fully
support her - even though you disagree.  And tell me this, if she
didnt love me, why would she bring other men babies home to me
to carry my name and for me to raise and provide for?  See, you
dont have an answer do you?
	I dont have an answer Sylvester, because Im speechless and
bewildered at your rationale.  Youre truly a fool in love, whose
wife cheats like crazy.
  	Be sarcastic if you must Steve.  And how can it be cheating
when she tells me all the details about her dates with her men
friends?  See!  Cant answer that can you smarty?
       Sylvester, no answer needed.  Youre pathetic to be so
trusting.  And its not sarcasm, but just the facts.  And another
thing, what kind of in-laws nurtures their son-in-law into being
intimate with and enjoying sex with men, to prevent him from
being with other women, cause his wife is out whoring around. 
And I wont even get into them breaking you into being a pussy
boy cock whore. Plus its common knowledge your wife controls your
pay check and I hear you dont even get a share of your whoring
profits, just a flat $25 weekly allowance from your slut wife.
	Steve!  Watch your mouth! And before you condemn my in-laws for
their good deeds in helping out our marriage, I want you to know
that their guidance and education of me in my becoming a cock
sucker and sissy pussy slut for horny men has only made me a
better husband a-and provider for my wife and family.  In fact I
know my wife respects me more now than before I started being a
receptacle for hard dicks, acquiring a taste for spurting hot
gooey jism from real men, and becoming a wanton sissy slut and
cock whore.
	My friend Steve couldnt take it anymore.  He simply got up and
showed himself out, all the while shaking his head.
	Much later that night, my wife Sara came in from a social outing
with a car load of her men friends.  As a way of restraining the
lust build up between her and a single date, shes been
experimenting with going out with a group of guys instead.  The
thinking being that the lust build up will be reduced especially
because of a group setting.  Therefore she wont be tempted to
put out for any one person, hence she will not submit to her
sluttish tendencies and return home un-fucked.  Unfortunately,
this approach has not worked too well, as she has ended up being
group fucked each and every time so far, even though shes
convinced me she still has faith in this lust prevention build up
strategy.
	Being the great mother she is, she first asked about the kids,
and me getting them dinner, helping with their homework, getting
them bathed, and then put to bed. We next went over the list of
other chores she left for me to take care of.  After those things
were out of the way, we talked about both our evenings - hers
with her 4 men friends (who fucked her with their large cocks
relentlessly), and my visit with my friend Steve.
       As usual, as we sat and talked after her dates, she guided
my hand under her mini skirt (really more of a micro skirt) to
caress her naked and very warm, hairy, puffy, fuck bruised, wet,
leaking pussy lips, which I stroked tenderly.  As I did so, my
hand would become coated with seepage around the pussy plug she
was wearing.  I occasionally had to pull my hand from between her
lovely alabaster thighs and suck up the accumulated sticky slimy
leakage on my hand.  It was obvious her pussy was quite full of
her dates melded thick creamy sperm.  She likes to wear the plug
to save as much of her mens deposits for me to consume when
sucking her used pussy after her dates.  Its a tradition that
developed early in our relationship, and for some reason, it
seems so hard to break, just like me becoming so accustomed to
not getting angry or upset because of her being other mens slut,
even though shes my wife.
	So your friend Steve still doesnt get it, huh - that is, the
warmth and understanding and deep love we have in our marriage?
My beautiful wife said as she kissed me and we intertwined our
tongues as we smooched. As usual when she returns home from her
dates, she had cocksuckers breath and her kiss tasted of semen.
But I delighted none the less in my wifes passionate osculation.

	I can somewhat identify with Steve having some concern about
whether I am being taken advantage of, because I had the same
concern when Sara first had me go down on her messy freshly
fucked, but delectable pussy when we first started dated. In
addition to routinely eating out her very used cunt, she got me
to see that it was good for her to not only date and have
unbridled sex with her many men friends, but for me to be
faithful to her too. And for some reason, all she told me seemed
so right.  I could never put my finger on it, but after looking
her in the eyes  which she always required of me  I can never
seem to find it in me to disagree with her - or for that matter,
her parents too. They also seem to like staring at me when they
have a serious point to make.  Well anyway, no matter, as things
always seem to work out for the best with either my wife or her
parents when they convince me to take a course of action each has
prescribed.  I can only say that maybe thats why Sara and I have
such a wonderful marriage.
	No he doesnt Sara darling.  Hes always viewing things from a
negative perspective and saying that Im being humiliated and
disgraced by you and your folks. No matter how I tell him how
sound and positive the reasons are for my being your loving
obedient cuckold husband and a part time sissy cock whore, so as
to be a better provider for you and our growing family.
	Dont be sad Sylvester honey, as long as we understand each
other, thats what important.
	Yes dear, youre so right.  I had to be almost rude with him,
as I reminded him that he was a guest in our house.  I relayed
to my supportive wife.
	Good for you honey.  Im glad you told him off. And Im so
proud of you for standing up for your being a great husband and
daddy.
       Thank you Sara dear, your saying that means a lot to me.
 	Youre welcome Sylvester.  And for defending our love and
marriage, I think a proper reward would be to let you jack off
tonight after you suck all this cum out of my pussy.  Youd like
that wouldnt you?
       Oh yes!  Yes dear, very much.
       After all, its been a while since Ive unlocked your
electronic cock lock and let you beat off.
       Yes dear, its been over 6 weeks.  I replied to my wife.
       Is that right? I usually let you jerk off every 2 weeks
or so, but you know the guys are always after me for some and me
so busy with more important things.  My voluptuous wife said as
she kissed me again.
 	After this much shorter, but good kiss nevertheless, I thanked
my wife for being so considerate.  And for some reason, which I
cant quite recall for the life of me, but my beautiful wife did
tell me once why it was not right for us to have coitus yet, or
that she was not ready to let me put my prick in her luscious
pussy, despite that our thirteenth anniversary will be coming up
in a few months.  Somehow, she has convinced me that its not a
subject she wants to discuss until she brings it up again.  At
least, I think thats the case.  Its a bit cloudy in my mind,
but for some reason, it doesnt seem significant enough to worry
about.  After all, she is going to let me jack off and she has
stressed to me how much she likes to see me stroke myself off for
her and lick up my splattered jacked off jism.  Pleasing her
means so much to me, so doing that for her is very important to
me.
	As we walked to our bedroom, I also told her how Steve couldnt
see why I had so much respect and admiration for her dad.
	You know what Sylvester darling, maybe Steve is just jealous
because his father-in-law didnt think as much of him as my dad
did of you.  After all, dad not only broke you into being a
cocksucker and sissy slut and then on to being a sissy cock
whore, but thought so much of your proficiency, he became your
pimp.  Spoke my wife as she lowered her hot, reeking, and very
sloppy pussy upon my upturned head and began to gyrate her slimy
snatch over my face and let me eagerly suck her gapping oozing
gooey fuck hole.  No matter how many times I eat her messy hair
pie, its always such a good feeling to know Im doing something
her handsome, well built, so called real men friends would
never have the mettle to do.  Plus no matter how many times I eat
her out, her pussy always tastes so delicious too.  Ive never
regretted my wife teaching me the joy of being her cunt sucker.
       As I continued mouthing my wifes heavily cum filled hairy
snatch, I couldnt help but think of her words about Steves
possible jealousy.  After all, its not every father-in-law who
helps his son-in-law be a better family provider as Saras dad
did.  If my dad-in-law had not recognized my taste for jism and
proclivity to suck cocks, as well as helped me develop my latent
natural skills for being a sissy and cock lover, I wouldnt have
become the successful sissy cock whore as I am today.  And, to
put the icing on the cake, so to speak, he goes out of his way to
find horny clients willing to pay to stick their throbbing dicks
in me, his sissy son-in-law.  Yes, I cant help but think highly
of my dad-in-law.  I respect him so much.
       Early in our marriage  actually the first week after Sara
and I wed  her dad made a decision to start spending one night a
week with me in our guest bedroom  just he and I, naked between
the sheets. Its a tradition that continues to this day.  It was
his goal to show me how to properly appreciate  a real mans
hard dick, and to further develop my self-confidence to be a
devoted, faithful and great sissy cuckold husband.  It was
through these wonderful training and bonding sessions that he
taught me how delightful it could be for me to suck his
magnificent dick, swallow countless copious loads of his hot
slimy sperm, delight in being fucked by a real man, and
appreciate the joy of being a wanton sissy slut and whore under
he and my wifes control and subjugation.
	Yes, maybe Steve is jealous that he doesnt have as great a
father-in-law as I do.
### END ###
Comments?  ccwriter@hotmail.com
