As I said yesterday, Lake Powell was awesome. Kip and I barely wore anything other than just speedos the entire time which is something I don't even get to do here at home in Australia because I have random people dropping by all the time.

There were 13 of us one the boat and if you consider Kip and I a couple, it was 6 couples and one single guy (Jason).  Kip and I had our own room with a double bed, 2 of the couples pitched tents (hehehe) on the top deck of fhe boat.  Everyone kind of had their own space.
Poor Jason was going to camp on the top deck but for 3 nights he ended up sleeping with Kip and I.

Probably half the guys wore speedos anytime they got wet but Jason, Kip and I were the ones who wore speedos ALL the time.
I'm sure I've made the argument before, and I will make it again.  Speedos are an ice breaker and the first afternoon when we finally got the houseboat out of the marina Kip and I knew that we would be fucking Jason somehow, someway during the trip.

The first night Jason just snuck into our room as Kip and I were making out in our speedos (Kip wearing some navy AussieBums, me wearing my ADIDAS 3-stripe and Jason wearing a pair of classic black lycra speedos).  Kip and I had joked that we expected Jason any minute.  The next morning nobody else on the boat commented but I'm sure they all knew what was going on.

That first full day everyone was a little hung over so it was a slow start and everyone was just in and out of the water.  As the afternoon approached Kip and I decided to go on a hike to see if we could get up high on the mesa (that is a new word for me), we asked if anyone else wanted to come along but Jason was the only taker.  The three of us set off in tennis/running shoes and our speedos (I was wearing my red Arena speedos, Kip was wearing my Aussie flag Turbo speedos and Jason was wearing his black lycra speedo brand speedos.  I took a pack and put the usual supplies, water, towel, beer, condoms and lube).

The hike was nice and when we reached the mesa I finally got an idea of the lay of the land.  The three of us sat down and enjoyed a beer and the view.

I don't think I finished my beer before Jason was rubbing the front of Kip's Turbo speedos.  I love watching anyone have sex so I was happy to sit back and enjoy the show.  As the good friend that I am, I pulled out the condoms and lube so they were handy when Jason and Kip needed them.  It doesn't take a genius to realize that I was 100% hard and straining the front of my red speedos.

One thing led to another, Kip's Turbo speedos were removed (the material in Turbo speedos is really high quality but not very elastic), Jason's cock was out the leg of his speedo and he began fucking Kip.

Watching this was pretty hot.  I wanted some and I had an idea... a position that I have seen but never tried.

Kip was on his knees and I managed to get under him and put a condom on.  I pulled the bum of my red speedos down, squired some lube between my cheeks and backed up under Kip.  I think they call this a train.

It was a little awkward but Kip managed to slide his cock inside me.

How hot is this!!!  Three guys, 2 still wearing their speedos with a naked Kip between us up high with the sky above us.  Ow yeah, we each still had our shoes on - haha.

Not surprisingly, Kip came first, as he was cumming Jason came.  I turned around, pushed Kip onto his back and came over his chest.  The three of us were a sweaty, sticky, sweat and lube covered mess.

We walked the 20 minutes back down to the boat and decided to jump in the water before getting too close to the boat and the other guys, Kip in particular was in a messy state with my cum oozing down his chest.

I liked Lake Powell, maybe one year I'd love to get a houseboat and invite a handful of members along for a speedo only weekend..... any takers?

Also guys, there is a gallery of 40 pics of Jason in his speedos over on my site.  Just search for Lake Powell threesome.