Laura Gets Caught Out
by WolfyLikes

Laura caught in public, and pays the ultimate price.

This is my story of a shopping trip that went wrong, and yet so right at the same time.

Hi, my name is Laura. I'd best describe myself by telling you my nickname is Lara. That's not a play on words, it's because I look like Lara Croft. Not just body shape and size, I'm five foot six inches tall and have the same curves as her, but my long brunette hair is almost always tied at the back with a hair bobble. I also have a penchant for wearing shorts and vest tops when it's warm.

I didn't know who she was until my boyfriend Darren mentioned it. He showed me the case of a console game he had, the resemblance was uncanny. The nickname had stuck after that.

I've been with Darren for almost a year now, but the last six months have been quite tough. While I was at University locally, the course that Darren wanted to do meant he'd had to move to the opposite end of the country, it was a nearly four-hour journey by train. Darren came back down every third weekend, and we'd started spending a lot more time talking over webcam or skype. We'd escalated onto cam sex, mutually masturbating to each other. However, Darren shared an apartment with three other guys and two women. The two women were doing the same course as Darren, so we were constantly getting interrupted by either one of them coming in to talk to him about course work. One time he hadn't shut his laptop down quick enough as he hadn't heard Marie knocking, she entered to see his erection in hand and me with four fingers right up my pussy on screen. Luckily she found it amusing rather than being disgusted.

I'd had my twentieth birthday the week before, and had been given quite a bit of money rather than presents. I'd decided I was going shopping today, and as I was going to buy mainly clothes I'd broken with tradition on this very warm April day, and wore a loose summer dress. It would be easier to take on and off while trying on clothes. I selected a black thong and a black lightweight bra for underneath, and some black strappy sandals with a two-inch heel.

I got to the main car park for the town and drove in. It took me going up a few levels until I found a parking spot, the town must have been really busy. I reversed into the spot so it would be easier to get out afterwards. I walked to the back of the car and peered over the wall. The wall was four feet high and then glass up to the next level. I looked around for a sign and saw I was on level five. I noticed a poster on a pillar and knew I'd recognise that when I returned to find my car.

I'd been walking around for about an hour, had bought a couple of dresses, and of course, some new shorts and vest tops, and also a very sexy see-through undies set. They'd come in handy for talking to Paul later, I thought. I was wondering where to look next and walked down an alley which linked the two parts of the town. As I walked down I noticed an adult shop. I'd never been in one before, and although I didn't own one, I had a sudden urge to go in and look at vibrators and dildos. I may have been more turned on than I thought after buying the sexy undies, but a dildo would be another dimension to our cam chats.

I looked around and nobody else was in the alley. My heart started racing as I pushed the door open and walked in. Two old men were along one wall, one looking at adult DVDs and the other looking through various magazines. I made my way through the shop, past a couple about my age giggling while looking at underwear and costumes, the man trying to get his partner to buy some crotchless panties.

I found the section where the dildos were and starting browsing through them. There was a lot of choices, all various colours, sizes and types. I gasped as one in particular caught my eye, and I felt my pussy tingle. It was a suction dildo, nine inches long, and it looked very real. It even had realistic looking veins on it. I took one from the shelf, and even through it's packaging it felt amazing. But it was so big.

I was a virgin until I met Darren. Nineteen years old when I lost my virginity. I'd spent a year before that exploring various household items to use when masturbating, I hadn't completely abstained from sex, just not had it with anyone else. My parents could never understand how we used up so many carrots, I had to lie and say I liked to eat them raw. Darren was a decent seven inches long, and we did have really good sex and liked to try out new positions. However, holding this bigger fatter penis in my hands I started to doubt myself whether it would be too big.

I checked the price tag and it said it was on special offer, this weekend only it was half price. I decided to try it. I looked around to see where to pay and noticed a till point where a young lady about my age sat. I was slightly relieved I didn't have to show a man what I was buying. I walked over towards her. She was very pretty, very dark eyeshadow and black lipstick set off her blue eyes that looked like droplets of water. I placed the dildo down and she smiled up at me.

"Good choice," she said, grinning. "Do you have dildos this big already?" she asked.

"Erm, no, it's the first dildo I've ever bought," I answered, a little embarrassed.

"Oh, perhaps you'd like to start off with a smaller one then? Ones that big aren't normally recommended as a starter dildo," she explained. "Also there is a no-return policy if it's been taken out of the packaging."

I thought about it for a moment, then answered, "I'll take that one anyway, the smaller ones were all much dearer, and I like the feel of that one."

I blushed as I answered her. She saw me blush, and leaned forward to whisper to me:

"I have one of those, they feel amazing. They do feel like you have a real cock inside you." She continued "Do you use it with your boyfriend there?"

I explained about him being away at Uni, and she smiled broadly.

"You'll get plenty of practise with it then before you see him next."

I paid and she went to put it in a bag. The bag was bright green with the name of the shop in big orange letters. I couldn't carry that around town, it would be so obvious where I'd been. I told her I'd put it into my handbag, and took it and the receipt. I put the receipt in my bag, put in the dildo, and tried to close the zip to hide it from sight. The zip wouldn't shut. It was still better than carrying one of their bags about though.

I walked through the town but my mind wasn't on shopping anymore. All I could think about was getting home and trying out the dildo. I was holding the bag shut in front of me while walking, now and then I'd put my hand in to feel it. I kept looking at people as they went by me, wondering what they'd be thinking if they could see what my hand was on in the bag. I could feel myself starting to squirm with excitement.

I decided to abandon my shopping trip and head home so walked back towards the car park. I searched out the lift rather than walk up the stairs to the fifth level. When it came I moved myself to stand at the back, three other people were standing in front of me. Feeling extra brave I grabbed the dildo and raised it into view behind their backs. When the level light showed four, I quickly put it away and exited the lift at five. I looked around for the poster and walked over to my car. I got in and put the bag on the passenger seat. I looked to see if anyone was around, and pulled the dildo out of my bag. I held it in front of me, marvelling at the veins and the general look of it. A touch of fear went through me as I realised the dildo was almost as thick as my wrist. Maybe I should have bought a smaller one.

A woman walked past the car but didn't look in, just as well because I hadn't seen her coming. I started to take more notice of my surroundings, so when two men walked past I quickly dropped the dildo down into my lap. That was close, as they looked in the car. I looked at the car next to me, there was enough space to open my door, perhaps then I'd hear if anyone else got near. I pushed the door open and picked up the dildo again. I looked at the bottom of the packaging and a clear seal was keeping the two halves together. I peeled it off, and the dildo fell the right way up in between my legs.

I laughed out loud as it looked like my own cock, then started to wank it like it was my own. I saw a couple of women walking in the distance and said to myself "Do you want a piece of this, eh?" trying to do my best man impression.

The feel of the dildo between my legs was unreal, so I picked it up, inched my arse forward to the edge of my seat, and rubbed the head down my thong and across my swollen clit. It felt so good I moaned a little too loud. I was so turned on now I wasn't sure how I was going to manage until I got home. I had an idea. I put the dildo back in the bag, turning the bag on its side so you couldn't see inside. I got out of the car and stood with my arse facing the rear of the car. I bent over and realised most of me would be out of view. I couldn't though, could I?

I got back in the car and slipped my thong down my legs, and kicked it off my ankles so it lay on the floor by the pedals. Knowing I'd probably be hands-free I slipped off my bra too. I love having my nipples tweaked and pulled so it would be easier to do so now. I got back out of the car, knowing that my summer dress would allow easy access now but also hide that I didn't have underwear on. I leaned over and picked up the dildo, went to the rear door on the driver side, and stuck the dildo at arse height on it. I stood in front of it and moved the car door. Using my mirror you couldn't see the dildo at all from this angle. I pushed the door fully open again and started to rub my pussy, reaching behind me to lube up the dildo.

Once I thought it was ready I quickly checked nobody was around, hitched my dress up at the back, and tried to manoeuvre the dildo into me. I got the head in but it was so wide it hurt a little.

"Don't force it," I told myself, "Slowly does it."

I took it back out and rubbed it against my pussy, wetting it a little more. I tried again, got a little more in, then stopped. It felt like it was going to split my sides. The girl in the shop had asked if I wanted to buy lube too, I almost wished I'd said yes now. I heard someone approaching and stood up as best as possible, dropping the dress. They smiled as they walked past. Good, they hadn't noticed anything unusual. I waited until they had moved away, I still had about three inches of the dildo inside me. I checked no-one else was around and decided to go for it. I pulled the neckline of my dress up and bit down on it, moved off the dildo until it was almost dropping out, then pushed back onto it as hard as I dared. Despite biting onto the dress I yelped, but now had more than half of the dildo in me. I had never felt so full in my life.

I stayed still for a little while, getting used to the feeling in my pussy. I wasn't going to try to get any more in me, not first time using it, so put my hand down to my clit. With Darren, I could normally control my orgasms with penetration, but in any position playing with my clit usually bought me off pretty quickly. I'd not long started to rub myself when I heard a noise and looked up.

"What's going on here then?" boomed a deep male voice.

I looked up to see a security guard looming over me, staring over the car door. He was massive. He was at least six feet six inches tall and probably as wide. He looked like he was about the mid-50s in age. I stopped biting on my dress and looked up at him.

"I was trying to find something I'd dropped in my car door," I lied.

"Stand up and shut the door," he demanded.

As I stood up straight and took a step towards the door, the dildo made a sloppy sound as it slithered out of me. I looked up at him really embarrassed. there was no disguising what I had been doing, the dildo stood out from the car with my juices trailing off it.

"Well, that's even better," he exclaimed. "You'd better come with me."

I took my bag out of the car and removed my car keys. I removed the dildo and put it in my bag, and pressed the car alarm on.

"I'm going to walk right behind you. I'm not going to make it obvious that I'm taking you to my office. Oh, and don't try to run as I'm much faster than I look," he told me sternly.

We walked over to the lift and went down to the basement floor. We left the lift and entered a straight corridor. There was a door I could see directly in front of us at the end of the corridor, but halfway along it was another door on the side. He entered the passcode onto the security panel and made me go inside. There was a large heavy wooden desk with a PC terminal and keyboard on it, and the wall opposite had a giant screen attached. By the screen was a single plastic seat. He ushered me to sit down, I did so and put my bag down on the floor by me.

"Well you're in a world of trouble aren't you? The police will have a field day with this kind of thing. Indecent Exposure or Gross Indecency. Who knows what will happen? If you're lucky it will be a big fine and a slap on the wrist, or prison and your name on the register" he said.

I couldn't go through that. It would almost certainly mean losing my place at Uni, then having to explain to people what I'd done to be kicked off the course. That's if I didn't go to prison of course. Suddenly I was very scared.

"Do you have to phone the police?" I sobbed. I started to lay it on thick. "I'll lose my Uni place, my boyfriend too probably, my parents will probably disown me."

He handed me a tissue and told me he didn't have much choice. The police had to be involved in such cases. I had no idea if he was telling me the truth or not.

"I've never been in trouble before, but don't you need proof anyway?" I asked him.

He sat by the PC and pointed up at the screen. A series of images flashed up, he clicked on one entitled Car Park. The screen split into fewer but bigger images. He clicked on number 5. It was a view of the level I'd been parked on. He rewound until it showed me walk over to my car, and the subsequent action played out with the dildo. You couldn't see too much because of the door being open, but you clearly see it was me, and there was no mistaking the giant dildo stuck to my car at the end.

"I had to come and check because of the car door being open. For all I knew someone could have collapsed and needed an ambulance," he told me.

"Please, don't call the police. Is there no other way to resolve this?"

He'd stood up by now, and was standing by the desk. He grabbed his crotch and pointed it at me.

"You want me to blow you. Are you serious?" I asked.

"It'll take more than just a blowjob for this to go away, love."

Oh shit. I was in a world of trouble. There was no way I could get the police involved. I had to make this go away. I was going to have to let him have sex with me, I couldn't see any other choice. I nodded at him. He smiled broadly.

"Good girl," he said, "You know it's the right choice. Imagine what your family would think, you know it makes sense."

I waited for the inevitable when he stopped, pressed a button on his walkie talkie, and spoke to someone.

"I need to respond to something. Take off your dress," he told me.

"What? Why?"

"I'm not allowed to lock you in, in case there's a fire while I'm gone. This way I know you won't run off."

I'd never heard of this but was a little naive with never being in trouble before. I went to pull off the dress, then remembered my underwear was by the pedals on my car floor. He hurried me saying he needed to go. I stood and took off the dress, and his eyes lit up at my nakedness.

"This just gets better and better," he shot out. He went to leave the room, my dress in his hand. He turned and said, "Don't think about stealing anything or wrecking the place, you're on camera."

He left. I looked about but couldn't see any cameras, but still kept my legs as close as possible, and folded my arms over my breasts.

About ten minutes later he returned and walked back in. He was not alone. Two other security officers were behind him. Both were as tall as he was, one was as wide as him and about the same age, the other had really broad shoulders and looked like he worked out a lot. He was a little younger than the others, probably around forty years old.

I was a little shocked as they walked in, with me in my state of undress. The first guard, whose identity badge said he was called Mike, saw me looking worried.

"Dave and Steve are just having their break, don't worry about them being here."

"But, I thought..." I stopped myself in mid-question rather than blurt out that we were supposed to be having sex.

The younger of the three, Steve, looked at me and grinned. "Is this the car park girl then? You were right Mike, she does have really nice tits even if she is trying to cover them up!"

I pulled a face at him, and Mike pointed to my bag. Steve bent down, making sure his arm brushed my legs on the way into my bag. He fished out the dildo.

"Well, what do we have here then? Somebody likes really big dicks by the looks of it," Steve said.

"Oh no, here we go," murmured Dave.

Steve stood facing me, right in front of me. He unzipped his trousers and pulled out his cock. He tugged it a few times to get it nearly erect and held the dildo up next to it. They were about the same length, the only difference being the dildo was wider. I gasped upon seeing his cock. He laughed out loud.

"Kneel on the floor," he told me.

"What for?" I asked, knowing the answer already.

"Mike said you want to fuck your way out of trouble. Start by trying to suck my cock," he said sternly.

I looked at Mike and shook my head. "I thought it was going to be just you?" I asked him.

Dave laughed and told Mike to phone the police. He picked up the phone and went to dial.

"No, stop. No police please." I started sobbing again, hoping they'd take pity on me. It didn't work. Steve waved his cock at me. Reluctantly I knelt in front of him.

"She fucking wants it, lads, she's left a trail on the seat!" Steve shouted out.

The plastic chair did indeed have a line of my pussy juices from where I'd been sitting.

Steve told me to open my mouth and stick out my tongue. I did as I was told. His cock touched my tongue and I went to put my mouth around it. He pulled away.

"Tell me what you want," he demanded. I didn't know the right thing to answer so kept quiet.

"Tell us you're a dirty little slut and describe what you want us to do to you," he shouted out.

"I want you to have sex with me?" I answered.

"She doesn't understand," said Mike, "Let me phone the police then."

"Say you're a dirty slut, and say what you want us to do, or the police get phoned." Steve got red now, his anger showing. I think I'd realised what I needed to do.

"I'm a dirty fucking slut, who wants you all to fuck her, and fuck her hard so she's properly punished!" I shouted. Steve almost looked impressed, a big grin on his face.

"That's more like it. Good fucking girl," Mike shouted.

Steve grabbed my hand and put it at the base of his cock, and put his hands on the back of my head. He pulled my head onto his cock, trying to force it in all at once. I tried to resist but he was much stronger. He gave me chance to coat his cock with my saliva, then started to fuck my face. I had to concentrate hard not to gag and throw up. He stopped after a short while and kicked off his trousers, and removed his shirt. He was incredibly ripped. I glanced around and the others had undressed too. Their cocks were both about seven inches long.

Mike and Dave stood either side of Steve, and Steve grabbed my hands and placed one on each of their cocks. He started to fuck my mouth again while making sure I wanked the others off. One of them reached down and tweaked my nipples, and my body shook.

Steve stopped and sat on the seat I'd been sitting on.

"I think she's about ready now lads," he cried out.

Mike led me over to the desk, which had been cleared of any paperwork now. He laid me across the desk on my back and grabbing my thighs pulled me right to the edge of the desk. My head lay off the other side of the desk, so I had an upside-down view of Dave and Steve.

"Throw that over here Steve?" Mike asked him.

From my view, Steve bent down, picked the dildo from off the floor, and threw it to Mike. Mike grabbed my legs and raised them, then asked Dave to help him out. Dave, standing by my head, grabbed hold of the heels of my sandals and pulled my legs right back, my knees were almost on my shoulders. Mike took the dildo, lined it up against my pussy, and slammed it into me. I groaned very loudly as over half the dildo went in me, he withdrew it and slammed it in again. He took it out and rubbed it against me up and down my pussy, getting it as wet as possible. This time he slammed it in again, and it all went straight in. I groaned again and my body shook violently.

He continued to work the dildo in and out of me, Dave decided to quieten me down by putting his cock in my mouth. I felt like his cock and the dildo were going to meet somewhere in my stomach. Mike took the dildo out of me and replaced it with his cock. He started to fuck me at a furious pace, Dave just stood still as my mouth was pushed onto his cock with the force of Mike's thrusts.

After a few minutes of frantic thrusting, Mike reached down and started to rub my clit. That was too much for me now, and shortly after my body shook again as my orgasm flew through me. Mike pulled out of me and I squirted all over his stomach and thighs.

"Look at all that come, she fucking loves it!" he screamed. "It's like a fucking river!"

My body tried to relax after coming, but Mike and Dave had swapped sides.

"You'll love this position, it's a game-changer," Dave told the others. "Every girl I've shagged has enjoyed this one."

He turned me onto my left side, I didn't resist. He straddled my left leg and placed my right ankle over his shoulder. His left hand reached behind me and grabbed my shoulder, while he lined his cock against my pussy. Using the hand on my shoulder for leverage, he forced himself into me. I groaned loudly again. It only took three thrusts before I was fully impaled, and he now used his right hand to knead roughly at my tits, leaving finger marks on them where he'd gripped, then started to pull and twist my nipples very hard, so hard at one point I thought he was going to pull them right off.

Despite having the same size cock as Mike he seemed to be reaching far further into me. He fucked me at the same furious pace that Mike had. Mike had by now put his cock in my mouth and was fucking it, telling me to make sure I could taste myself on him. I could, and I tasted pretty damn good even if I say so myself.

Dave moved his hand down to play with my clit, and just ten seconds later my body let go again. This time Dave was plugged right up me, my juices trying desperately to escape down his shaft.

"Fuck me, she's tight anyway but it's like a fucking vice when she comes!" he exclaimed.

He pulled out and Mike withdrew from my mouth also. They left me for about thirty seconds until Steve proclaimed it was his turn now. He walked over to me and turned me so I was now face down across the desk. He grabbed my thighs and pulled me to the edge of the desk. He lined his cock up against my pussy, and his hands gripped my arse cheeks and pulled them as wide apart as he could. He fed his big cock up me slowly, not forcing it like the others. He got about halfway up, then withdrew and slammed it right up. I screamed out loud. He withdrew until he was very nearly out of me, then slammed it back in again. I screamed again. I couldn't understand how it hurt so much and yet felt so damn good at the same time.

Steve continued fucking me like that, constantly pulling right out and then thrusting his entire length up me. He'd moved his hands now onto my shoulders, I'd opened my mouth, not that I was expecting one of the others to put their cock in it, I was expecting Steve's cock to burst right through me. Every thrust Steve made pushed me across the desk and made my nipples rub across the wooden surface. Each time he'd thrust right into me he paused and slapped my arse. Short sharp stinging slaps, alternating each hand until both cheeks were red and felt like they were on fire.

He fucked me like this for about fifteen minutes, then pulled out, slapping his cock across my arse. He left me there and went back to sitting on the chair.

Dave walked over and picked me up off the desk, and I noticed Mike was lying on the floor. Dave stood me up next to him and told me to ride Mike's cock and show us all how much I really wanted it. I knelt over Mike, reached behind me to take hold of his cock, and guided it into my pussy. I started to ride him slowly, and Dave put his hands on my shoulders and forced me down onto Mike's cock, forcing my pace to get faster. He then stood in front of me and fed his cock into my mouth. We fucked like that for about five minutes, then Dave pulled me up, and they swapped places.

We repeated that scenario with me now riding Dave's cock, Mike again asking if I enjoyed tasting myself on him as he fucked my mouth. This time I nodded. I hadn't noticed Steve get up, but I felt hands on my back, forcing me lower. Mike withdrew from my mouth, but I was still fully impaled on Dave who'd also stopped moving. Suddenly I felt two fingers rubbing around my arsehole. I looked behind me and Steve was kneeling there. The two fingers stopped rubbing, and he used the pre-cum on his cock to lube them again. This time he thrust them into my arse. Anal was one thing Darren and I hadn't experimented with. Steve thrust his fingers in a few times, then withdrew, lubed them again, then thrust three fingers up me.

"No. Please No. Not up my arse. Oh god no," I cried out.

"It'll only hurt for a little while, then you'll really like it," Steve told me.

"No, please. I've never had anal before, my arse won't take it," I replied.

"Just relax and it'll be fine, honest," Steve said.

He lined the end of his cock up against my arsehole and pushed forward a little. The end of his cock entered me and I screamed louder than before. Mike decided to put his cock back in my mouth to quieten me down. Steve moved his cock in and out of my arse very slowly, more and more going in each time. I was getting more used to it, but it still hurt a lot. Steve told the others I was very very tight so wasn't going to properly fuck my arse, just attempt to fit all of his cock in. It took him about ten minutes, but he eventually got there. Even though it was painful, the feeling of being completely impaled by three cocks was amazing. I didn't think I'd ever experience pleasure like this again.

Steve stayed still in my arse while Dave started thrusting his hips up to fuck me again, saying he wanted to come. Steve told him to stop and pulled his cock from my arse. He pulled me off Dave, Mike had taken his cock from my mouth, and Steve made me kneel again. He walked in front of me and told me to lick my anal juices off him. I put my tongue out and ran it down the underside of his cock. It didn't taste quite as bad as I was expecting.

Mike suddenly said he had an idea. He picked up the dildo and put it on the floor behind me. The floor was carpeted so it wouldn't stick, and he tried to push it into my arse. He'd got no chance, it had taken Steve long enough to get his cock up there and the dildo was wider. He held it still on the floor and pulled me down so it filled my pussy.

They all now stood in front of me, wanking their cocks in unison, all pointing them at my face. Mike said he was getting close, and told me to open my mouth and stick my tongue out. I expected him to put his cock in, but instead, he got right up close so the end was by my tongue, and his hand became a blur. I knew he was very close so I flicked my tongue up to catch the underside of his cock. It worked well, as he started groaning and shot his load all over my face, spurt after spurt making ribbons right across it.

He moved out of the way and Dave took his place. This time he put the end of his cock into my mouth, and put my hand onto the base of his shaft. He urged me to wank him as fast as I could, and he added his load to my mouth and face. Steve stepped forward, and he decided he was going to face fuck me. He held the sides of my head and set up a furious pace, I could still taste my anal juices on his cock. As I felt Steve getting close to coming himself, I reached down and rubbed at my clit. Steve pulled out and shot his load all over my face too, there was so much and his spurts were so powerful I had to close my eyes. I made myself come straight after, and collapsed to the floor, a sticky mess both in my pussy and on my face.

Once recovered I used my fingers to remove their semen from my face, slurping it all down my throat and not wasting a drop. Mike said if I was that desperate for the taste of semen I should lick them all clean. I did so, with delight.

Steve and Dave got dressed just after, saying that they were pretty sure that their break time was up, laughing at each other. Mike and I also got dressed, and after picking up my bag with the dildo inside, he escorted me back to the door to the car park. He opened the door and ushered me through.

"If you ever fancy playing with yourself in the car park again, don't do it on a Friday, it's my day off," he told me grinning, before shutting the door.

I hadn't thought about doing so, but despite being degraded and being used as their sex toy, I'd enjoyed it a lot more than I thought I would, and I was thinking about how I could get myself caught in public again, and hopefully punished for it.
