Anji - A Close Encounter (MF rom creampie)

"I don't even know if I'll like it," I told Anji, "but it sounds so 
sexy, and I've got to try it once."

I drew her close and whispered the entire fantasy in her ear.

"Woahhhhhhhh," she exclaimed with excited eyes when I'd finished 
telling her what my fantasy was.  I slipped my hand under her dress 
and felt the warm moistness at the crotch of her panties.

"Okay, I'll do it," Anji replied, "but you have to give me two 
orgasms first."

I pulled her panties off and she stepped out of them.  I had her sit 
on the sofa while she was still dressed; I quickly took off all my 
clothes.  I gently spread her knees apart, knelt before her and 
brought my mouth close to her womanhood and inhaled the 
intoxicatingly sensuous scent of her love juices.  The scent of her 
pussy cannot easily be described, although it has characteristics of 
honey, cinnamon, and cilantro.  I like food spiced with cilantro.  
The scent of cilantro reminds me of good pussy.

Anji moaned as I gingerly brushed my lips on her damp labia for a few 
moments.  Then gliding the tip of my tongue in tight circles around 
her now protruding clitoris, her womanhood began to get creamy with 
her juices.  I avidly worked on her and felt her shudder; her hips 
rocked in ecstacy until the last paroxysms subsided.  Without delay I 
resumed my mouth-to-vagina endeavors, and within a few moments was 
treated to the sight, sound, and taste of Anji's second and more 
intense orgasm.

I was steeped with passion from the scene before me and, still 
kneeling before her, I entered her.  Slowly thrusting, I felt the 
intimate encounter of the fleshy interior of her womanhood.  Every 
time I felt my impending orgasm building up within me, I restrained 
my movements to make it all the sweeter when I did release.  After 
several instances of this, I could no longer hold back and I spurted 
with uncontrolled abandon into the warm recesses of Anji's sexuality. 
 I continued thrusting well past the point of me being completely 
spent, making sure that our juices were combining and merging within 
her sweet pussy.

She caressed me and lightly stroked my hair while I enjoyed the close 
contact of her love.  After a few moments I whispered to her "Okay 
now, I'm ready."

I pulled out of her and positioned myself lying on the floor, face 
up.  Anji came over and straddled my face, bringing her pussy closer 
and closer to my mouth.  When her warm womanhood made contact she 
released the mixture of our mingled jiuces into my mouth.  As I 
sucked her clean, she was acutely aware of the incredible sensousness 
of our love juices having mingled inside her body and now being given 
to me.  She moaned loudly and shuddered with another orgasm.

"We have GOT to do that again!" she exclaimed.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
