More Than A Gangbang - a Story
  by Delta Venus

copyright 2009


[authors note:  I saw a newsgroup post from someone looking for
an older story with this theme. I haven't read the story they
were looking for, but I liked the concept - so I stole it and
wrote this... hope the back and forth format works for you
readers.]


My wife is sort of a prude, so I can't believe I finally talked
her into going for it. I've always had fantasies about gangbangs,
they started well before I met Andrea, but after we started
dating, and especially after we got married, she has been the
focus of those fantasies. I daydream about her getting pounded by
several guys, one after the other, and loving it like a true slut
would. I never thought I'd talk her into pulling a train, but I
kept trying, because the fantasy was too strong for me to let go
of it. I'm glad I kept at it, because I finally wore her down and
she agreed to let me live out my fantasy, at least once.

            *            *             *

My husband is such a fool. Tom has a brain in his head, but
sometimes he just doesn't seem to use it. He thinks I am a prude
because we don't have sex all that often. Actually I'm just as
horny as the next gal, maybe more so, but he just doesn't have
the equipment to get me off. I love him, but most of my previous
boyfriends were swinging some serious meat, and while Tom isn't
small, he isn't in the size class I have grown accustomed to. I
still let him try, it is only fair, and sometimes he manages to
make me cum, but mostly I find his technique boring, and I fake
it so his feelings won't be hurt. I take care of myself when he
isn't around, using a huge black dildo I bought from one of those
dirty bookstores, it has to be 12 inches long, and it is super
thick and looks like a real cock including many bulging fake
veins. I also have a lover, Troy, who I see occasionally. Troy is
hung like a horse.

            *            *             *

I let Andrea pick out the guys for the gangbang. I figured a
woman would have an easier time picking up strange men. Since
these guys will all be strangers, I'm not worried about emotional
attachments or entanglements. I also figured it was only fair,
since I don't really know what type of guy Andrea is attracted
to, to let her pick them out so she'll have guys she thinks are
sexy, instead of some guy I pick turning her off. No drama, just
lots of hot sex. I'm busting out of my jeans just thinking about
her and all those guys!

            *            *             *

Tom thinks he is letting me pick the guys for the gangbang, but I
already had the guest list in mind. He also thinks it will all be
strangers, and I'm going to keep letting him think that, but to
make things really dirty and spice the adventure up, all of them
will be ex-boyfriends of mine, and my current lover Troy. All the
biggest dicks from my past, and my current fling, will bang the
shit out of me in front of my husband, who won't suspect a thing!
What a dirty, slutty thing to do. God, it is making me wet just
thinking about it.

            *            *             *

Andrea is really getting into it. She dressed up to the nines.
First a long relaxing bath, then she took some time getting her
long blond hair styled just right, and made up her face a little
heavier than usual, really accenting her high cheekbones with
blush, and her sexy plump lips with a bright shade of lipstick.
Then she put on some of her best lingerie, a matching bra and
panty set in see-thru black lace, and then a sleek red dress that
came down her thighs about half way. With her figure and that
outfit, she looked like an expensive call-girl. Wow.

            *            *             *

I did my best to look like a slut who was ready to fuck. I wanted
everyone, including Tom, to want to tear my clothes off and fuck
the shit out of me. I wanted to get banged hard and heavy. I did
my best to look like a whore, doing up my hair and makeup with
extra care, and picking out some real sexy clothes, and topped
the ensemble off with a pair of red sling-back "fuck-me" stiletto
heels. I looked like a classy streetwalker, or a high priced
hooker who was just a little trashy, which was the effect I was
going for. I could see Tom liked what I'd done, so I knew my
ex-boyfriends were going to also. I was so ready for this! Tom
still thinks he talked me into it, but I loved the idea from the
first time I heard it. If I hadn't played hard to get, I don't
think Tom would ever have wanted to make his fantasies a reality,
and I wouldn't have this opportunity to be such a filthy slut. I
love what I'll be doing right under his nose, and that he'll even
be urging me on! I feel so wicked, and it is making me hornier
than I've ever felt before. I hope my lover and the ex's show up
soon!

            *            *             *

Andrea seems antsy. I hope she isn't too nervous, I don't want
her backing out at the last minute. I really want this to happen.
I hope she can loosen up and enjoy it, I'd love to see her really
turned on, prude that she is she never seems to get that excited,
and I want her to be, I ache to see her wanton side. I know it is
there, perhaps buried deeply, if only she can let it out and
allow herself to be sexual and sensual. If she really likes it,
maybe she'll let me talk her into having another session.

            *            *             *

The guys begin to arrive, it will soon be Party Time! Troy is the
first to show up, an eager gleam in his eye. Next is Brett, my
first love from way back in high school. He, too, seems to have a
certain glow of anticipation. As each man rings the bell, Tom
looks at me and raises an eye, asking without words "Is this the
last one? How many more?" They are all very complimentary of my
clothes and look, and I love the way their hungry eyes feast on
what they will soon be ravishing. They are all being very careful
not to let Tom know that they already know me very well, that
they have seen and sampled the merchandise before. We have a few
drinks and make some lame small talk, waiting for the whole
contingent to show up. Brad, Dave, and Eric all arrive in a
bunch, each of them a boyfriend from when I was in college. Then
the last member of our party, Matt, a slightly older gentleman I
picked up in a Yoga class, because I could see what he was
packing in his sweats. We'd had a year worth of nooners before we
mutually got bored with each other and moved on.

            *            *             *

Damn! Andrea really went all out. I figured three, maybe four
guys. Just enough to qualify as a gangbang, instead of a mere
threesome or threesome plus one. Six guys! She is really going to
pull a train, not just play at it. I kept looking at her as the
guys were showing up, waiting for a clue that we were all present
and accounted for, and it was time to get things rolling.
However, the doorbell kept ringing! Whew! Now that the older
gentleman, Matt, has shown up, Andrea is no longer looking at the
door, she is looking at all these guys who are about to fuck her.
I guess it is time to get things started. I'm nervous, but glad
at the same time, I suck at small talk, and it is even harder to
chit chat nonsense with men who are about to see my wife naked,
and fuck her brains out!

            *            *             *

Tom finally gets the guts up to say lets get this show on the
road. I stand up before everyone, and let my lover, Troy, and my
first love, Brett, strip the red dress from my body. Everyone
whistles their approval upon seeing my choice of lingerie, and I
suddenly have hands all over me. Brett and Troy are feeling me
up, caressing my thighs, fondling my heavy boobs, hands wandering
to all my special places with total familiarity. These guys know
what I like, and what they want. I'm loving this! Tom has no idea
these guys have fucked me before, and they are going to fuck me
again, right in front of him. Both have seriously large dicks, so
Tom is really going to get a show! In fact all the guys are hung,
that is why I picked them. The others are hanging back, waiting
their turn, they know they won't be left out, there is plenty of
me to go around.

            *            *             *

Wow! These guys waste no time at all. They have Andrea's dress
off in seconds, and are really having a time of it playing with
her fine body. They seem to want to explore every curve, and
really know where all the curves on a woman are. It is just two
of them at first, with the others seemingly content to watch,
like me. My wife really seems to be getting into it, too! They
are managing to turn her on, she doesn't seem nervous at all,
just plain excited and trembling with anticipation. I have a
feeling this is going to be hotter than I figured, I expected a
little awkwardness at least at the beginning, nervous tension and
a bit of a learning curve as to what everyone likes. No learning
curve here! This is more like a lesson in eroticism for us
watching. Damn!

            *            *             *

I am on fire. I feel like such a slut, and the familiar hands of
my past lovers are really turning it all up a notch. I can't
believe I'm doing this in front of my husband - and he hasn't got
a clue! I drop to my knees, and pull Troy's large, swollen member
out of his trousers. Just as I begin to slip his fat knob between
my lips, Brett's hard cock pokes into the picture, and I'm faced
with two huge dicks. I alternate between them, slobbing on one
and then the other. I try to take both into my mouth at the same
time, but they are just too huge, I can't get around both of
them. I deepen my sucking, taking each of them right to the back
of my throat, then all the way back out, giving a heavy swirl of
my tongue on the heads as I pull off to suck on the other. I'm
making sure to coat each of them with lots of saliva, making for
a sloppy suckjob, and an easier entry later. I can hear the
breathing of my husband and the others getting heavier, watching
this blatantly pornographic display of cock sucking. I am the
center of attention, it is purely lustful attention, and I love
it.

            *            *             *

Andrea goes to her knees like a pro, takes out one of the guys
cocks, and the other has his cock out before she can even start
sucking on the first one. She double dips in a frenzy, sucking
both cocks one after the other, never letting up. There is always
a dick in her mouth, and she is gobbling knob like the nastiest
porn star. She even tries to get both of the cocks in her mouth
at once, but these guys are packing! She can't do it, but the
attempt is pure porn. The other guys are watching this carnal
display just as intently as I am. I should have the camera! Well,
maybe there will be a next time. Andrea sure seems to be enjoying
herself.

            *            *             *

Brett has had enough. He pulls me forward from my kneeling
position, so I am forced into a doggie-style alignment, and rips
the flimsy black lace panties from my hips. Troy kneels in front
of me, content to let me continue giving him a sloppy blowjob.
Brett spreads my cheeks wide with his thick heavy palms, which
spreads my very wet pussy lips open just a little more than the
puckery pout my arousal has already provided, and nestles the
head of his penis just in between, rubbing in tiny little
circles. This first contact feels wonderful! Without further
foreplay, he plunges into my pussy, splitting my canal wide open
with his thick hard dick. OOOhhh! Fucking incredible! I have to
concentrate so as to not bite Troy as I tense up from the sudden
invasion of my insides. Brett presses forward until his cock
bangs my very womb, and his duck egg sized balls slap my clit. He
begins deep, savage thrusts into my sloppy box, not quite pulling
all the way out, but his length giving himself plenty of running
room, which he is using to its utmost. I am being well and truly
fucked, and fucked hard, by the very man I gave my virginity to,
while my husband sits on the couch and watches. I'm so nasty!

            *            *             *


Shit! This is way better than I expected, far hotter than the
best porn movie I've ever seen, and we've only just gotten
started. Andrea is still sucking cock like nobody's business, but
one of the guys has ripped her panties off, and is banging the
hell out of her, doggie style. After her oral attentions, his
cock is huge! He pussy was swollen and puffy before he slammed
into her, now it is stretched around his huge pole, and looks
like it is being alternately shoved right into her body, or
pulled completely outside as he pistons in and out of her like a
steam locomotive's gear arm. He is fucking the shit out of her!
The noises they are all making are purely animal, grunts, groans,
and moans of a feral nature, and the squishy, slobbery noises of
the sloppy blowjob are almost being drowned out by the sticky,
juicy smacking of wet balls against Andrea's constantly dripping
lips and swollen, wet clit.

            *            *             *

The train is running down the rails, building steam. Brett
plunges his thick meat deep inside me, and pumps a flood of sperm
into my womb. I can feel each shot as it pulses out of the head
of his cock to coat my insides. He pulls out with a grunt,
leaving a drippy glob at the entrance of my now well stretched
hole. He is out of the fun for now. Troy takes the opportunity to
switch from my mouth to my puss, and rubs the large head of his
cock in the gobs of semen left behind, lubing us both with the
runny semen. His cock is even larger than Brett's, but that
doesn't prevent him from sinking right into me with a squishy,
splattery noise somewhat like a pussy fart. Semen is squeezed out
around his huge pole, foaming on my lips and coating him from the
base of his shaft to his balls. Troy sets a much slower pace than
Brett did, but he pulls all the way out and thrusts back in from
the beginning each time. The closing and opening of my lips as he
withdraws, then splits me back open is exquisite, and is lighting
my clit on fire. The rest of the guys are getting ready, and I
have a new, large cock in my mouth, not really seeing which of
the guys it is. I can't stand it any longer, and I have the first
of many orgasms, clenching Troy's hard cock with every muscle in
my pussy, cumming with an intensity I haven't experienced in a
very long time - if ever.

            *            *             *

Watching Andrea cum is something else. I've never had a vantage
point where I could watch her whole body, the other times I've
been present for her orgasms we've been in very close proximity.
She experiences her orgasms with her whole body, which I'd never
realized before. From her curling toes to her scrunched up face,
every part of her is intimately involved in the ecstasy of the
moment. She rocks with the sensations, every sexy inch of her
aquiver. Her second partner didn't hesitate for a moment when the
first guy dumped a load of cum in her, and promptly pulled out.
Troy? I think that's his name. He didn't give a damn about sloppy
seconds, he rubbed his massive cock right in the juices left
behind, and started plowing Andrea right away. Andrea is a creamy
mess at this point, with her juices well mixed with semen
slopping out of her pussy with each new thrust by the second big,
fat cock to plumb her depths this evening.

            *            *             *

My nipples ache and jut, my spine is a highspeed highway of
sensations, I feel like I'm floating outside my body watching,
except I can still feel every nerve ending lit up with the
sensations of my high state of arousal. Troy is doing a number on
my slutty box, and now I have two dicks I'm taking turns sucking.
I'm all aflutter, and the realization that the two cocks in my
face will soon be plunging deep inside me is really pushing my
buttons. That I know all these guys, yet none of them has seen me
fuck anyone else, and here I am fucking all of them at once,
makes me feel like a total whore. A nasty, dirty, filthy whore,
and I love feeling that way. Even nastier than letting them all
see what a fucking slut I am is doing it all in front of Tom.
Hubby has no idea these cocks have all been in my mouth and in my
pussy before, and that Troy has been taking care of me on the
side for months. I'm a cheating, dirty slut! Oh, fuck me! FUCK
ME!

            *            *             *

I don't know if Andrea is even aware of what she is doing any
more, she seems to be in a trance. A sensual, sexually charged
trance. Her face is flushed, her eyes shiny and glazed, her body
goose pimply, her moans and groans low and throaty. She sucks
dicks with abandon, and thrusts back at the fat dick pistoning
into her pussy with intense energy and motion. Troy can't take
her intensity any longer, and pulls out of her pussy to spray
wads of cum all over the outside of her sloppy box. Andrea half
collapses, and rolls over, her legs spread wide, her sloppy,
freshly sprayed cunt gaping open and practically begging for
another hard cock. It doesn't beg for long, as the next in line
takes his place atop her, and stabs his hard dick right through
the frothy white coating into the middle of her pink.

            *            *             *

I am taken over, awash in lust. Animalistic, a cat in heat. I am
no longer thinking, merely reacting to sensation. I lick and
suck, I thrust back when thrust into, almost on auto-pilot. In
this state, my holes are all meant to be used, to have big thick
dicks thrust into them, they beg for it, they revel in it. I lose
track of how many orgasms I have had, they run together into one
big nervous system overload. I tremble and shake with all the
signals firing through every nerve fiber in my being. The guys
each take their turn, making sure to shoot their cum all over me
when they finish using me. By the time the last of the guys is
cumming in my open mouth, and wiping his fat cock off in my hair,
Brett and Troy are ready for round two! Four of them manage a
second run at my battered box, fucking me until I am limp and
loose as a rag doll. I have been rode hard, and while not put
away, I am definitely wet. Soaked, cum covered, and sweaty.

            *            *             *

Andrea is a sex machine. One by one the guys have pounded her
without mercy, using her like a cheap fuck-doll, dumping their
cum on her willing body, in her pussy, in her mouth, on her lips,
on her tits, even wiping their cocks off in her hair. She is a
mess, but keeps right on rocking, cumming strongly and
repeatedly, taking everything six men can give her. When the last
of the six finishes off in her mouth, the first in line have
recovered enough to go for a second round. This is no express
train, it is a long running freight! Four of the six have a
second go, and Andrea has been fucked like a bachelor party
whore. I shoo the guys out, and have a go at her myself. I can't
help it, I'm so turned on by what I've witnessed. She is no prude
this evening, she has been a total fucking slut, even if it was
only because I forced her to it. I hope when she comes back to
herself, she'll have had enough fun that she'll want to do this
again.

            *            *             *

I've come back to reality, and Tom is fucking my very sloppy
pussy. I'm not really reactive, all my nerve endings are burned
out, and I'm really just tired and sore. Well satisfied, but
tired and sore. Luckily Tom is so out of his mind with lust he
doesn't last very long. I let him cum in my mouth as a bonus,
something I normally avoid, so he'll really think this gangbang
was a wonderful thing. I'll be sure to let him talk me into
another one before too long. What he'll never know is that this
was more than a simple gangbang, it was an audition. I decided
that merely having Troy on the side wasn't enough for this nasty
slut, I want more. I need big dicks on a regular basis. The best
and biggest from this experience are now going to be regular
fucks. I may even try to get laid every day, I'm so cranked up
from this hot and heavy banging. I've picked Brett, my first
lover, and Yoga Matt (ha ha!), who has the absolutely biggest
dick I've ever seen. I'll be keeping Troy busy, too. Tom will
never be the wiser, and I'll finally have a satisfactory sex
life. 

Maybe.


          &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
