HELPING HAND

BY DR. FISCH

The door bell rang, and I reluctantly got out of bed, put my
dressing gown on and opened the door. It was Lucy, the divorced
woman who lives in the apartment downstairs, below mine. Lucy is
a rather good-looking woman in her late twenties, with chest-nut,
shoulder-length hair, brown eyes and pale skin. She is of British
descent, and her ex-husband has moved back to England, leaving
her with their four year old daughter Cindy. Behind her stood
Cindy, shyly looking up at me with big, blue eyes. Cindy had her
long, blond hair arranged in two pony-tails and she was wearing a
blue dress with white flowers.

"Im sorry to disturb", Lucy excused herself, "but Ive been
thinking about what you said about, you know... child-raising."

"Yes?" I inquired, interrested in what would come next.

"Well, I, like you, believe a child shouldnt grow up without
firm rules and a punishment, when appropriate. I realise Im not
strong enough to handle this myself, and I feel Cindys been
taking advantage of this lately, not obeying her mother like she
should. So, I was wondering if you could perhaps help me out.
Only if you really want to, of course."

She looked at me with a hint of anxiety in her eyes, afraid I
might get upset.

"Of course I will" I smiled at her. "Come on in and lets talk
about it."

I showed them into the livingroom, where we sat down in the
couches, Cindy close to her mother, clutching her skirt. "So, how
do you want her punished?" I asked.

"I think I leave that to you, but I believe it should be rather
forceful, giving her a memorable example of what could happend to
little disobedient girls."

I could sense a hint of excitement in her voice, and Cindy looked
anxiously at her mother.

"Sounds good to me", I replied. "Would you like something to
drink, while i get the stuff?"

"A glass of sherry would be fine", she answered. I poured her the
drink and went to the bedroom. As i left the livingroom, I heard
Cindy whisper to her mother: "Mummy, whats happening?"

"Youll see, honey", Lucy answered, taking a sip of sherry.
"Youll see."

I got dressed and returned to the waiting mother and daughter,
carrying a large cardboard box. I turned to Cindy, my face close
to her.

"Im now going to punish you, Cindy. I do it because youve been
a bad girl and deserve it. The fault is all yours. Do you
understand?"

She nodded nervously, and I could see a content smile on her
mothers lips.

"Stand in front of you mother", I ordered Cindy. "Good. Now bend
over."

Lucy grabbed Cindys hair and forced her daughters head into her
lap.

"Pull up her dress", I said.

Lucy did as I said, exposing Cindys cute little butt, covered by
white cotton panties. Lucy tried to put the dress back in place,
but I slapped her fingers, shouting: "No! Put your hands on your
head, and keep'em there."

She did as told, shivering with fear and I slowly removed her
panties, while she stood there, dead still. Her buttocks were
small, white and perfectly round. I adored them quietly for a
while, then stroked them softly, my hand almost covering both her
ass-cheeks at once. I could hear Lucy breath heavily, as I
touched her little daughter. Finally, I raised my right hand high
in the air and slapped Lucys butt hard and swift. She cried out
loud but then got quiet again. Lucy and I looked at her buttocks
with pure fascination, as they slowly turned red. I raised my
hand and spanked her again and again. Soon enough Cindy couldn't
hold back the tears but her sobs drownded in the slaps of my hand
on her little butt.

When I finally stopped, Cindy was crying desperately into her
mothers lap.

"More.", Lucy whispered. "Dont stop yet."

"I wont", I promised.

I could see the excitement in Lucys eyes as I went to the box
and picked up a long, slender cane. She was still gripping
Cindys blond hair as I placed myself next to the mother-daughter
duo and examined Cindys butt. It was shining red and the girls
sobs made it wiggle in a wonderful way. I aimed carefully, then
smacked her left buttock with the cane. Her reaction was
delightful. She screamed loudly, trying to get away from her
mother, but Lucy kept her in place forcefully. As I continued the
spanking, I noticed Lucy was slowly rubbing her little daughters
crying face in her crotch, muffling the cries. I guess Cindys
tears wasnt the only thing wettening Lucys lap... I kept caning
the little girl, until her buttocks were all blistered and
welted. In a few places, the smooth skin had ripped, producing
small streaks of blood. Lucy couldt take her eyes of her girls
derrire. She was obviously excited, and this turned me on, too.

I hesitated a little, then suggested: "I think she should have an
enema next. Is that okay with you?"

"Splendid idea!", Lucy replied marrily. "That could have health
benefits, too.", she added in a futile attempt to justify what we
were doung to her little daughter.

I brought the plastic enema can with its tube attched and went to
the bath room to fill it with warm water.

When I returned, I found Lucy finishing tying Lucys hands behind
her back with a thin rope she had found in the cardboard box.

"I thought she would be more easily handled this way.", Lucy
explained proudly. I nodded approvingly. Cindy looked at me with
eyes red from crying. She bit her lower lip, obviously scared by
what was happening.

Together, we put Cindy on her knees in front of the sofa, face
down in the cushions. Lucy grabbed her daughters abused buttocks
with both hands and parted them, exposing the little, unharmed
anus.

"Put it in.", she said.

"First we have to wet it.", I explained.

By that, Lucy gathered saliva in her mouth, bent down and gave
the ass-bud a wet kiss, leaving a good deal of slimy spit. She
was really getting carried away.

I put the enema nozzle to Cindys pink anal opening and began to
push it in.

"No! It hurts!", Cindy cried. Encouraged by this, I shoved it in
all the way, then removed the clamp and raised the enema can high
above the little girl. We both looked at the can, as the water
slowly entered Lucy, who was whimpering with pain.

When all the water was in, I removed the nozzle, threatening
Cindy: "You keep all this water inside you, whatever happens, or
else... Do you understand?"

She nodded slowly, tears running down her cheaks. Lucy tardily
stroked her daughters distended tummy, while at the same time
touching herself between the thighs. I got up and fetched a big
bowl of candy from the table and put it behind Cindy, then got a
little device with cords attached to it, from the box.

"This", I explained to Lucy, "is a home-made electro-shock
device. I intend to use it on your naughty daughter."

She nodded, licking her lips. I contently noticed the hand
between her legs increasing its motion. I then applied the cord
clamps, one to Cindys tiny inner labiae, squeezing them
together, and the second one to her little clitoris. "Please,
mummy, stop him. It hurts!", Cindy cried.

"Its supposed to, honey", Lucy explained to her daughter in a
sweet voice. "Itll soon hurt even more."

I was getting seriously horny, watching my beautiful neighbour
mistreating her little girl this way. I was secretly hoping we
could later get some sort of sex into the picture.

"Before we start,", I said, "we had better gag her, or all the
neighbours will hear the screams."

Obviously delighted by the prospect of seeing so much pain
inflicted to her daughter, Lucy grabbed Cindys little panties and
stuffed her mouth with it. I sealed it all with a generous amount
of Gaffa-tape.

I then handed Lucy the electro-shock device, saying: "I think you
should get the honour."

Lucy got seated in the couch, next to Cindy. She put her left
hand under her grey skirt and her face next to Cindys. "You know
mummy have to do this, because youve been a very bad girl. Now
make mummy proud and keep all that water inside you, or well
have to punish you even more..."

Tears were running from Cindys eyes and she breathed heavily
through her nose.

"Oh, its so wonderful", Lucy said, turning towards me. "Its
like nothing Ive ever experienced before. Hurting Cindy this way
makes me so horny, Im even thouching myself, here in front of
you. I mean, its not that she doesnt deserve it, but I feel
like a naughty girl myself, getting so much pleasure out of
abusing my little daughter."

"Its okay", I assured her. "Im getting kind of excited
myself.", pointing at the swelling of my pants, caused by my
restrained hard-on.

"Mmm.", Lucy answered. "Perhaps we could get some sort of relief
later. Together, I mean."

She turned to Cindy and looked her straight in the eyes, then
pushed the black button on the device in her right hand. The
reaction was powerful. Cindy arched, every muscle in her body
tense. Her eyes widened in panic and pain, and behind the tape a
muffled scream could be heard. All the time Lucy was having eye
contact with her daughter, a sordid smile on her lips. She kept
pushing the button, her knuckles whitening, and soon enough the
little girl couldnt hold back anymore. She collapsed twitching
in the sofa, jets of brown water and lumps of shit spurting out
of her anus, into the candy bowl. Lucy kept pushing until Cindys
colon was completely emptied, and only small drops of brown
liquid was dripping from her butt. The little nymph just lay
there, all still and quiet. She didnt even cry anymore. It was a
very erotic sight.

"You little slut!", Lucy shouted at her daughter. "You let mummy
down again. Now you know whatll happend."

She pushed Cindy down on the floor, making her stand on all four.
She then grabbed the glass bowl, full of brown enema water and
floating pieces of candy and shit, and placed in front of her.

"Take that dildo, no - the big one, and fuck the little whore!",
she ordered me and ripped the tape from Cindys mouth.

I was happy to obey. I grabbed the large, penis-shaped dildo and
aimed its tip at her tiny ass-hole. As I started to push, Cindy
tried to wiggle her ass away, but I grabbed it firmly and
continued to penetrate her. Much to my delight, she started to
cry again, and when I looked up I realised it wasnt solely
because of my dildo project. At the other end of the
four-year-old, Lucy was picking up shit-stained candies and lumps
of feaces, pushing them into the girls mouth. Cindy was trying
to turn her face away, but her mother slapped her hard in the
face, grabbed her hair and held her head in place. Lucy gave me a
glimpse, glad to see me approving of her doings, then continued
to shove dirt into the crying girls mouth. She even pushed her
soiled fingers in, making sure the filth got deep enough to start
the swallowing reflex. I turned to my own business, slowly
widening the much to narrow anus with the plastic intruder. The
sight of her asshole obscenely stretched around the pink dildo,
surrounded by two severely bruised little ass-cheeks and stains
of shit was marvellous. Wittnessing all this, accompanied by the
girls high- pitched screams of pain was a turn-on like no one
Ive experienced before. I could feel my dick swelling in my
pants and I longed to take the dildos place. To get my mind off
this, I turned to slapping the blue-red butt some more with my
free hand, but this of course only made me hornier.

My eyes met Lucys and she looked at me for a few seconds,
appearantly afraid to speak her mind.

"Its not really fair.", she finally begun. "She gets the
punishment she deserves, for wich she ought to be grateful, but
we, who are kind enough to give her this well- needed treatment,
only get frustrated. Im so enormously horny, and I think its
only fair if this little bitch gives us relief."

I nodded enthusiasticly.

"I have an idea about how this could be achieved.", she
continued. "It might be a bit dangerous for her, but right now i
really dont care. As a matter of fact, it turns me on even more
that way. Well, um, feel free to fuck her holes back there, and I
enjoy myself here."

Relieved to get this clear signal, I removed the dildo with a
sucking and plopping sound. Her anus was gaping wide, and I could
easily inspect the rectal mucosa. As I wasnt particularily
interested in this kind of anatomical studies, I instead put the
head of my penis to her asshole and started pushing. With great
effort I managed to slowly squeeze my organ into her wriggling
butt. It was so tight! Since I used no lubrication it was also a
quite painful experience, but I wanted it to hurt Cindy as much
as possible, so I just had to take it. After all, this was
supposed to be a punishment, not at reward. Meanwhile, Lucy had
lifted her skirt, revealing the absence of panties. With a firm
grip around Cindys left wrist, she was now forcing her daughters
small fist into her vagina. I removed my dick from the grasping
asshole, eager to test the hairless little pussy as well. I
spread the outer labiae with my fingers and began pushing my
shit-stained penis at the vaginal opening. It seemed utterly
impossible, but I was decided not to give up, having this unique
chance to molest such a young girl. I pushed with great force and
all of a sudden the narrow opening gave in. Droplets op blood was
running down my shaft and Cindy was screaming like nothing Ive
heard before. I was beginning to worry about the neighbours
hearing this, when Lucy suddenly grabbed Cindys hair and forced
her screaming face into the brown water before her, still keeping
the girls fist in her vagina. I fucked my dick in and out of the
narrow pussy a few times, but unhappy with only getting about two
inches in, I pulled out. The pussy was gaping in a fascinating
way. I had probably caused it some damage, but only time would
tell. Right now I couldnt care less. I raised my pulsating cock,
covered with a thin film of blood and faeces and once again
forced it into her asshole. It was still extremely tight, but at
least I could get most of my dick in. I looked up, only to se
that Lucy still was keeping her daughters head down in the bowl.

"Oh my god!", I thought to myself. "Shes going to kill her!
Shes going to drown her own daughter!"

The thought turned me on so much, my mind got all blurred. I
looked up at Lucy. We stared at each other, lust glowing in her
eyes. I felt dizzy. Below us Cindy was twitching in some sort of
cramps. She had long ago stopped releasing air bubbles and now
her entire body was shaking and twitching. I could see her right
fist opening and contracting over and over, and I realized the
same thing was happening to the left one, deep inside Lucys
pussy. I felt the anal sphincter contract around my stiff organ
and I could sense the orgasm come rushing. It was so absolutely
immoral, unscrupulously using a little child for our own
pleasure, even sacrifying her life for a single orgasm. This
thought pushed me over the border. I almost passed out, shooting
wave after wave of hot sperm into Cindys intestine. At the same
time the cramping hand in Lucys pussy at last made her come,
too. She panted and moaned, and finally collapsed on the floor,
at the same time pulling her daughters head out of the bowl.
Cindy fell to the ground, coughed a large amount of brown water
onto the floor and gasped for air. Lucy came crawling and
snuggled up to me and we kissed passionately on the rug,
entwining our bodies in a post-orgasmic trance-like state.

"Im glad she survived", I whispered in Lucys ear.

"Me too.", she answered, smiling. "That way we can have much more
fun in the future."

She bit me softly in the lobe of my ear, giggling in a girlish
way. I was so happy.

