LETTERS OF LOVERS


This series is something I have been urged to create by several people who read my other stories.

The letters cited throughout this series are all real, and all actually sent between myself and other on line lovers.
All of them erotic.

I have not edited any part of the letters from the different women, and all of my responses are actual.

So, with these things in mind, I hope that those reading and like to send EROTIC emails to others might get some ideas.

I hope you enjoy the interaction of different women in this series.

ZEUSMAN


CHEYENNE 
PART 2




FROM CHEYENNE:
TO: TOM

I wish you were my neighbor too. Here is part two as I see it. But 
I like yours too...MMmmmmmmmmmmmmm........I'm so wet right now.

Cheyenne

   "One good turn deserves another," you say after catching your breath. "What 
did you have in mind?" I ask with a smile
Kneeling before me, you unfasten my jean shorts and slide them down my 
smooth legs revealing satin pink panties. You can see how wet I am already 
by the wet mark on them and you smile. Sliding them down my legs and off, 
you lick the inside of my thigh. I moan and spread my legs wider, allowing 
you full access to my delicious pussy. Your tongue flicks out, tasting me, 
teasing me. I moan again and you lap at me like a dog, teasing my sensitive 
pussy lips. "You're so wet, Cheyenne," you groan against my pussy. Your 
tongue flicks my clit and I cry out, "Yes! Lick my cunt! I'm going to cream 
on your face!" Needing no further encouragement you dive in, your tongue 
probing me deep as I thrust up to meet your tongue. After only a few minutes 
of a tongue bath I feel my insides quiver and know I am close. You grab my 
tits as your tongue lashes at me and I cry out, "I'm cumming! God, here it 
comes!" My hips jerk as the first wave hits me and your surprised but 
pleased when I actually cum a lot. Lapping me up, you moan against me. When 
you look up at me your face is soaked and I giggle. You kiss me and I taste 
myself on your lips. Yum! Your so very hard now after hearing me cum. "I 
have to fuck you, Cheyenne!" Without waiting for a reply you put the tip of 
your cock at the entrance to my pussy and shove it in with a grunt. "Oh god, 
you're tight!" you cry out with each thrust. "Like a fucking virgin!" I moan 
with each thrust as you fuck me harder and deeper each time. You know you can't last in a pussy this tight and you feel your balls tighten. "Oh god, 
I'm gonna blow!"
   "Cum baby, cum inside me!" You grunt and thrust hard, 
spewing your seed deep in my cunt. I love feeling you shooting inside me!

   "Oh yeah!" you cry out, thrusting more 
and more with each shot of cum coating my walls. At last you pull out of me, exhausted. 

   I'm playing with my soaked pussy, mixing our juices. "God, what's next?" you say and I only smile.


FROM TOM:

"Damn, I guess we're both a couple of sex maniacs, Chey!"

 Now, the next day, I am laying on the couch just trying to rest.
All this stuff spinning through my head.

After about an hour, I wake because of some noise.
I open my blinkers, and there you are sitting on a chair across from me, and your sister in another chair. Both of you have a beer.
We wondered how long you would stay unconscious, you say.

For a minute, its hard for me to tell which is which, between you.
   But, since you were talking, I figured I had it right.
I stand up and excuse myself to get a beer and take a piss.
You ask if you can hold it for me, but I say its not THAT heavy.

When I come back, you are sitting on the couch now, and I plop down near you, still a little drowsy.

   "Why don't you start a fire," you say. I think its a good idea.
I am amazed how identical you and your sister are.
The fire is starting to go nice, and I sit back down near you. Your sister is staying kind of quiet and I ask if she can speak.....
I sure fucking can, she says, drinking more of her beer.

She's wearing a powder blue sweater that makes her nipples stand out.
I noticed this little detail when she did the girl thing of straightening her clothes. Also letting me know the fact that she's not wearing a bra either.

You start telling her about what happened at the bar, the night before, and I can see that she is interested. She's asking what the guy YOU gave the blowjob to,  looked like?
And how I could fuck another girl with my sister  being in the very next stall????
You're lucky a cop didn't walk in the fucking place, she says.

   Now I have to go over and arrange the logs, and you say that you will be back in a few minutes. Leaving your sister there.
I am bent down, putting another log in the stack, and when I go to turn around, your sister is right there, standing over me.
Uh Oh!
"Chey tells me you're a great fuck." she says. Her crotch inches from my face, as I kneel there.
Her skirt seems to have perfume on it. She says, "Want to prove it?"
She has the beer in one hand, and with the other, lifts her skirt, showing me her perfectly trimmed pussy.

   No panties for this girl! I am in a little shock now, and I think she realizes it.
   Now she takes my head with her free hand and pulls my face right into her pussy. 
   "Go ahead she says, eat this. Make me cum like you did to Chey."
Without saying a word, my hands go around her ass, and I pull her to the floor. I bury my mouth into her pussy as she raises her legs wide.
My tongue is slashing up and down in her wet slit.

   I can smell some really nice perfume, and it makes me feel a little dizzy as I lick her. 
My hands spread her pussy lips, and I lick her hard, up to her clit. I can feel it getting hard. As hard as my cock is now getting.
My fingers move to expose it and I suck it gently. She moans, drops the beer, and reaches for my head, pushing me even harder to her pussy.

She is humping my face now, and lets go with a yell as I suck her clit, with my finger fucking her.
Now she sits up and says "Get those clothes off, I need to be fucked."
"I haven't had a cock in months." she says.

   I stand up, and she is quickly undoing my belt and jeans, ripping them down.
My cock is hard now, and she reaches for it, sitting there and starts to suck on it.
She leans her head back and says, "Chey was right, you DO know how to eat a pussy!" and then goes back to sucking me as I stand there.
Damn. it is feeling so good.

   She then opens her mouth and takes both my balls into it. I can feel her tongue rolling around them and I am going to shoot in a minute.
"Like that huh?" she asks. 
 
   "Ummmmm, you'll have me cumming in a minute." I tell her. She says "No fucking way, not til I have this cock inside me."
She then pulls me down between her legs and says "Jamb that cock right in here." spreading her legs wide.

   She is a beauty, her beautiful tits heaving, and this will be for God and Country.

 I get between her legs and slide my cock in, and she lets go with a loud moan. Her arms are around me, and I lean up to kiss her, pumping my cock hard into her warm cunt.
It's feeling really nice, and the next thing I know, you come in the house with  a guy, and spot us on the floor by the fireplace.

   "Look at these two. Couldn't wait til I got back." 
"Fuck you." your sister says.

"Use the couch, this fireplace is ours right now."
She tells me to keep pumping. I am moving in circles, hard, and buried deep inside her. I can feel the opening of her cervix with the tip of my cock now. She is still moaning, and soon I hear you on the couch making noises.

I take a quick glance, and you have this guy you're with in front of you with his cock in your mouth.

   This makes me twice as hot, and I fuck your sister even harder and faster.
Soon I can feel her start to shake, and tighten. She is digging her nails into my back, and holding her breath.  
   I raise up on my hands and pump her as hard as I can, and she cums, and cums, and cums. her legs wrapped tightly around my waist, holding me tight to her pussy.

  My cock soon follows, and I even have to let out a moan as I start to  shoot. 
She can feel it, and says, quick, up here on my tits, shoot it on my tits. I pull out quickly and move up holding my cock aiming it toward her heaving tits. She grabs my cock and starts to jerk me off, squeezing it hard, draining all of my cum onto her tits.
Wow. What a sight, I think.

   When I am done shooting , she leans up and sucks it, pulling me closer to her mouth.......trying to  make sure I am empty. 
   In a second, I can hear the guy you are sucking starting to cum. I look over and you are sucking and jerking  him like crazy as he shoots.

   I think to myself, this is this a family thing?
Twin sisters each with a cock in their mouth.........



