The Showing of Jan
bynighttimestories©

The Showing of Jan Ch. 01

"He's looking" Jan said as I tried to look and to keep my eyes on the road.

"Oh my gawd this is exciting" She exclaimed as I glanced over to see my wife's blouse unbuttoned to the waistband of her skirt.

Her full naked breasts beautifully framed in her pulled open blouse.

The trucker honked his horn. Jan giggled like a schoolgirl.

"I can't believe I'm doing this," she exclaimed.

"Take your blouse off," I urged her further as she was doing this at my request to begin with.

She now eagerly pulled at her blouse until it was un-tucked, then pulled it off her shoulders and I watched as her tits jiggled and shook with her movements. Her nipples were rock hard and her areola was puckered with excitement.

"I can't believe I'm doing this," she said again as she turned to face the side window letting the truck driver get a full view of her beautiful tits. He honked his horn again

"Pinch your nipples and play with your tits for him," I said.

"Oh my gawd Bill are you kidding?" she asked still facing the trucker.

"No I'm serious," I replied.

I could see her hands move to her tits and knew she was giving him a show as his horn blew again. 

His horn was not the only thing ready to blow. My cock was rock hard and aching as I looked down and could see the precum wet spot forming on the front of my shorts.

Jan leaned back in her seat but continued rolling her nipples between her fingers as I tried to keep pace along side the big rig.

"Pull up your skirt and show him your panties," I then said.

Jan looked at me in amazement.

"Please for me?" I pleaded.

"You're crazy and so am I for doing this." She said as she began pulling on her skirt and raising her ass off her seat to pull it up.

"Is he still looking?" I asked.

"DUH! What do you think?" She said as she got her skirt up and her red panties showed between her legs.

"Lay the seat back," I said

She reached over and reclined the seat all the way back so that she was nearly lying down.

"Spread your legs." I was almost shouting orders now and the strange thing was that she was now without hesitation following each one of them.

As she spread her legs, it was then that I knew she was enjoying this as much as I was. There was a wet spot on her panties. I knew I had her all the way now and that is why she was following my commands. She was horny and excited.

"Rub your pussy." I then commanded and she moved her hand to her covered pussy and began rubbing it. 

The trucker blew his horn again.

"He is motioning for us to pull over." Jan said.

"He can just keep hoping for that. Now put your hand inside your panties." I replied to her as she slipped her slender hand under the waistband of her panties and to her pussy.

Jan began rapidly rubbing her clit and moaned as she was doing it.

"Okay shows over." I said as I stepped on the gas and pulled away from the truck. 

He was blowing his horn and flashing his lights. I looked in the mirror and could see him motioning for us to come back but I just kept on going as Jan continued to rub her pussy and moaning louder and louder until her body tensed and she groaned, "OH FUCK."

Her body shook and then she went slack in her seat with her hand still on her pussy.

I looked down, the wet spot on the front of my shorts had grown to a large spot, and my cock ached.

"My gawd I can't believe either of us did that." Jan said looking at me with her hand still in her panties.

"I can't believe you just masturbated in front of me." I replied and she blushed. 

We had been married for five years and she had never done that before.

"It is okay. I loved it." I said.

"Me too." She answered as she moved in her seat and got on her knees in her seat. She leaned over, kissed me, and then reached her hand inside my shorts.

"My gawd he is slippery." She said.

We had come out planning this so I had worn shorts with elastic in the waist hoping this would happen. I tilted the wheel all the way up and she dropped her head to my lap pulling my cock out of my shorts.

Now it was my first blowjob while driving and if you have been so fortunate then you know it is no easy task to drive and have your lady sucking your cock at the same time.

I was so excited about the blowjob and Jan exposing herself to another man that it did not take long.

"Oh gawd, I'm cumming," I warned her. 

She always wanted warned so I did not shot in her mouth by accident.

She kept sucking and stroking and I was going to blow. Trying to hold it back I again said louder, "Jan I'm cummmming."

She did not back off and there was no more holding back. I shot my load into her mouth and could feel it as she tried to suck it into her mouth but some of it was escaping and running down my balls and into the crack of my ass.

As the intensity of the orgasm subsided, she was able to keep up with the smaller squirts and swallowed those.

I finished cumming and she pulled her head off my lap. 

I looked at her in astonishment and she smiled at me as my cum hung from her lower lip and ran down her chin. She leaned in to kiss me, I pulled back a little, and she stopped, looked at me closely and asked, "What? It's good enough for me but not for you?"

I knew right then that if I ever wanted that to happen again that I had better kiss her.

She leaned in and we kissed. 

I licked my lips and the salty taste of my cum hit my taste buds.

Jan smiled and sat back in her seat. She reached into her purse and pulled out some wet tissues to clean up her face with.

"Take me home Billy. I want to fuck you now." She said as she was looking in the visor mirror.

"Yes ma'am." I replied and headed for the house.

We were lying in bed catching our breath after one of the best sex sessions we have had in over a year when she said, "Wow, this has been an exciting day."

"Yes it has."

"I'm glad you wanted to do that." She said.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Don't play stupid. You know what I mean."

"You are talking about showing yourself?" I quizzically asked.

"Yes."

"You liked that I take it?"

"Yes" She replied again blushing.

"Do you want to do it again?" I asked hopefully.

"Yes. In fact I thought it was still early and maybe we could go out tonight." She asked hesitantly.

"Sure. Let's get ready." I quickly and excitedly responded.

I could not believe she wanted to go out again but was not going to argue.

We jumped in the shower together to save time. I finished first and went downstairs to grab a snack and watch a little TV while I waited.


The Showing of Jan Ch. 02

I did not have to wait very long because Jan was excited about our trip out tonight, nearly as much as I was.

I heard her coming down the stairs and turned to look just as she hit the second or third stair.

"Holy Shit!" I exclaimed aloud. She just grinned.

Never in my days had I ever thought I would see my wife Jan dressed as she was at that moment.

Jan had some miniskirts she had worn in college and briefly after we got married but I guess married life had settled in and I had not seen them in several years. Tonight though she had on my favorite black leather mini skirt but what was most shocking was the top.

She had purchased a lace t-shirt that she wore under other shirts and blouses and always with a bra. Tonight her black lace t-shirt was all that she had on covering her upper body. As she walked down the stairs her full tits bounded with each step and as she drew closer I could see her naked nipples playing peek- a -boo with the sheer lace fabric.

Her nipples were hard and poked at the fabric, which did nothing more than to draw attention to her already beautiful tits. Her long tanned legs were glistening from lotion and her feet were covered in a black high-heeled sandal. Her French manicured toenails matched her fingernails and I wanted to fuck her right there.

"Wow!" was all I said as she stood in front of me. She smelled wonderful and my dick was hard!

She turned around and pulled up her skirt to reveal a black thong panty with the fabric disappearing between the milky white globes of her ass cheeks. 

"As I looked at her ass I reached out to touch it and said, "WOW!"

"No touching. At least not yet. That is for when we get back." She said as she pulled her skirt back down to barely cover her tight little bubble butt.

She turned back around and grinned at me then asked, "Where are we going?"

"Where do you want to go?" I asked.

"Wherever there are men who will appreciate a woman dressed like this." She said smiling.

"Damn, that leaves... let's see anywhere." I replied smiling back at her.

"Seriously." She said.

"Okay I have the perfect place." I replied.

"Where?" She asked.

"It is a surprise."

"You know I don't like surprises." She said with a disgusted look on her face.

"Trust me. I mean it's as much a turn on for me as for you so I also want the right spot." I said.

She was smirking at me as I walked to the garage door off the kitchen and opened it. "Shall we go?" I asked.

She began walking toward the door and I could not take my eyes off her tits as she walked. Depending on how the light hit her lace top depended greatly on how much of her tits could be seen. At certain angles, they were clearly visible.

As Jan was sitting in the car her skirt just barely covered her pussy. Her long legs were driving me insane as we chatted while on the short drive to where I wanted to take her.

It took us about twenty minutes to get to a place that is always loaded with guys. It was a local hotel with a great bar that catered to businessmen. Women also came in especially if they were looking for a guy so I also knew Jan would not feel completely out of place.

"Will this work?" I asked pulling into the parking lot.

"Oh yah. This will work." She said with a grin on her face.

I walked around and opened her door. She could not get out of the car without flashing panties her skirt was so short so I knew there were going to be men in the bar getting panty shots tonight.

We walked to the outside entrance to the bar and I pulled open the door to let her walk in first. 

The door had not even closed all the way yet and Jan was already drawing attention. A couple of guys sitting at the bar turned to look in our direction. The bar was dimly lit with the exception of the bright light above us at the entrance, which from previously seeing Jan's blouse in the light knew she was already putting on a show.

She spotted a booth against the wall and started for it. She turned and asked, "Is that booth okay?"

"Looks good to me." I replied as she slid in and I slid in across from her.

The waitress quickly came to us and asked for our drink order. Jan ordered her usual dirty martini and I ordered a seven and seven.

"You were drawing a little attention on the way in." I said across the table.

"I noticed that. Isn't that what you wanted?" She responded with a wry smile.

"It is but I think it is what you wanted as well." I replied with another knowing smile.

Our drinks arrived and we downed them quickly and ordered another one for both of us.

"I think I will go to the Ladies Room." She said sliding out of the booth.

As she did, I began looking around the room at the guys as they watched my wife walking to the restroom. There were lots of stares and lots of jabs going on. I looked as she was ready to make the turn to the restroom and her ass was also putting on a show swaying back and forth. She knew she looked hot.

While she was gone, a small band started up in a corner of the bar.

I was beginning to wonder what was taking so long when she came back around the corner. She was walking toward me this time and I saw what was drawing so much attention before. The recessed spotlights in the ceiling were shining down as she walked and under each one of them, her lacy blouse nearly turned transparent and her tits were clearly visible. 

I glanced around, the eyes of all the men were on my wife, and the guys with women were trying to steal looks without being caught.

When she got to the booth, she slid in and smiled at me with a "What?" look on her face.

"Damn Honey! That was a show."

She looked quizzically at me and asked, "What walking to the restroom?"

"Honey the lights were shining straight down on you when you passed under them and your blouse was nearly transparent. It looked like you did not have a shirt on at all." I told her.

She blushed and replied "Really?"

However, even with the blush, it did not hide the fact that her nipples got hard from the excitement of it. She took a long drink from her drink and glanced around the room.

"Let's dance." She said.

She downed her drink as did I and she slid back out of the booth. I motioned to the waitress for some more drinks and we headed for the small dance floor.

The alcohol was beginning to take hold of Jan as she danced. She was rubbing against me with her ass and her tits. She would bend over and rub her tight ass against my dick which caused me to have a very embarrassing hard on.

As we danced, I continued to scan the room and eyes were on Jan as she to put on a show.

We had danced three songs and I said, "Let's go back and get a drink." 

She pouted and stuck her bottom lip out like a child but then grinned, squeezed my hard cock right there on the dance floor and laughed as she walked back to the booth.

When she got back to the booth, she took a big swallow of her martini before sitting down.

I sat down in the booth when a guy walked up and asked, "Would you mind if I danced with your wife?"

Jan spun around to see who was asking to see a guy about twenty-two or three who was good looking and built.

Jan was smiling at him and I said, "Please do! She is about to wear me out."

Jan grabbed his hand and they headed to the floor.

They hit the floor in mid tune of a classic rock song that was one of Jan's favorites. She immediately began moving and gyrating to the music. I soon realized why she had been asked so quickly to dance. The lights on the dance floor were moving back and forth. When they passed across where Jan was dancing her blouse was nearly sheer and her tits were clearly visible.

As she danced, her gyrations caused her tits to bounce up and down.

She turned her back to her partner and her ass was planted squarely against his crotch. She rubbed against him and he wrapped his arm around her. His arm was just under her tits where he had to feel the weight of her breasts against his forearm.

Jan then spun around to face him and her partner pulled her to him as they rubbed their bodies against one another. He then let his hand slid from her waist to her ass.

A twinge of jealousy shot through me seeing another man's hand caressing my wife's ass. But, I also quickly realized that from watching my sexy wife I had a raging hard on.

The song ended with his hand on her ass and the next song changed the speed of the dance to a slow dance. My wife's partner pulled her in close to him. Her breasts were pressed firmly against his chest and his hand was still on her ass but now had slid further down and was cupping her ass cheek.

They were chatting as they danced and only my wild imagination at this point was my only clue as to what was being said. I was assuming he was hitting on her and asking her all kinds of leading questions like going to his room, dumping her husband for a quick fuck upstairs.

I had to discreetly adjust my hard cock, as it was uncomfortable pressing against my jeans.

As they were still dancing, another guy came up and cut in asking to now dance with my wife. 

Jan's partner released her ass, stepped back letting the new man step in, and take my wife in his arms. 

This guy was about the same age as Jan and I and was a good-looking guy with an athletic build. He wrapped his arm around my wife's waist and she around his as they swayed back and forth chatting. His hand was also slowly slipping lower. 

About the time his hand reached the small of her back, the beginning curve of her ass the song stopped, and the band again changed speed to another classic rock song. 

Jan stepped back from her partner and began swaying to the music and again her tits were passing beneath the lights and her partner was not letting the opportunity to view her tits pass him by. His eyes were glued to her bounding chest.

Jan turned away from her dance partner and he stepped up behind her wrapping his arm around her now with his arm under her tits and his crotch pressed firmly against her tight ass. Jan leaned forward slightly so that her ass pressed harder against his crotch and she grinned. My imagination again took hold and I was assuming that her grin was from feeling his hard cock pressing against her ass.

She spun around, his arm stayed firmly wrapped around her, and he pulled her in tight to him. His hand slipped to her ass and past her ass to the hem of her short skirt. His hand then slipped under her skirt and was on her bare ass.

He pulled her tighter to him by pulling against her ass. I wondered if his fingers were buried between the cheeks of her ass.

Jan leaned back shaking her upper body as he watched her chest. Her big full tits gyrated freely inside her blouse.

The lights seemed to cross Jan's body and pause or maybe it just seemed that way to me but her tits stretched tight against her blouse looked like she was topless on the dance floor.

I could feel the pre-cum lubricating the head of my cock and wetting my boxers as my cock throbbed. I was looking at his hand under my wife's skirt wondering what he was feeling. I then noticed his hand had moved further south and his fingers could very well be between her legs. I nearly shot my load thinking that his fingers were feeling the moist heat from Jan's pussy.

The song ended and Jan backed away from her partner. She stepped to him, kissed him on the cheek, and then turned to walk back toward our table. He watched her as she walked and she knew he was. She exaggerated her walk and her tits bounded up and down in her blouse as she walked to me, smiling.

She came to my side of the booth and I scooted over as she sat down next to me. She was glistening from perspiration. She grabbed her drink and downed it in one swallow. 

"Wow, those guys were great dancers." She said.

"I could see that." I replied.

She turned to face me and hide what she was doing from the rest of the room as she put her hand on my crotch.

"Oh, it seems you enjoyed watching me dance. Or was it the fact that Sam had his hand on my bare ass that turned you on so much?"

"Well... it might have been a little of both." I responded.

She leaned into me with her hand still on my hard cock and kissed me, slipping her tongue into my mouth. Our tongues mingled and my cock was throbbing against her hand as she began rubbing it.

The waitress was at our table bringing us the next round I had ordered before Jan came off the floor. Jan did not even stop. The waitress looked at Jan's hand on my crotch and smiled.

We broke from our kiss and Jan turned to see her drink. "Oh yes I needed this." She said as she put her drink to her lips and took a big swallow.

Jan had reached the point where her inhibitions were thrown to the wind. It was a place I had seen her many times before and a place where anything could happen.

She grabbed her bag and said, "I'm going to the Ladies' Room."

She slipped out of the booth leaving my hard cock aching and throbbing in my jeans.

I watched the bar as she walked to the restroom and the guys turned to watch her. She knew eyes would be on her. She took advantage of that and sashayed to the restroom. Her ass was swinging back and forth in her tight skirt like to pigs fighting in a sack.

I waited sipping my drink. Watching the corner where she would appear again. 

She came around the corner and this time I was going to get to watch the light show again as the lights danced across her chest revealing her tits.

I noticed something different about her as she was approaching. Her blouse was now cut open. She had cut the front of her blouse open from the neck to between her tits. Her cleavage was also now visible and as the lights hit her blouse, she was even more naked than before.

She was ginning a sly grin as she approached the table. She slipped into the booth next to me again and smiled then looked down at her chest.

"I see you made a few adjustments to your blouse." I said.

"Do you like the new look?" She asked proudly.

"I do."

She then grabbed my hand and put it between her legs. I immediately felt her pussy with no panties to block my fingers.

"I thought you might like this change too." She said smiling.

"I like that one even more than the other." I replied.

She let go of my hand but I kept it between her legs. I let my fingers slip between her pussy lips and could feel the slickness that her juices had caused.

She reached for her drink and took another big swallow finishing it as I let my finger slip across her clit.

"Oh yes." She purred and her body jerked.

"I need another drink." She said sliding out of the booth.

She headed for the bar and I watched. Not knowing for sure what was truly on her mind.

She stepped up to the bar next to where Sam was sitting and got the bartender's attention.

Sam noticed who was next to him and turned in his chair to face her.

Sam's friend also turned to face her as she stayed facing the bar.

Sam said something to her that caused her to turn to face him. Sam's friend eyed Jan's body up and down from behind as Jan responded to whatever Sam had said to her.

The bartender set Jan's drinks on the bar as Sam reached around Jan's body and this time he did not hesitate but slipped his hand under her skirt and to her ass.

They were talking again and then Sam looked past Jan to his friend and said something. His friend then got up and went to the stage where the band was playing.

I looked back at Jan and Sam. He still had his hand on my wife's ass, had pulled her closer, and was now looking down the front of her blouse at her newly exposed cleavage.

The band began a new song and it was Jan's absolute favorite, "Old Time Rock and Roll."

Sam had some bills in his hand, reached down Jan's blouse, and put the bills inside her shirt rubbing against her tits. 

He let go of her ass and held out his hand as if he was going to help her. She took the bills from her blouse and tucked them in the waistband of her skirt. She took his hand, climbed onto the barstool, and then stepped onto the bar.

"OH MY GAWD!" Raced through my mind. She is going to dance on the bar. Knowing she had removed her panties that everyone at the bar was going to have a bird's eye view up her short skirt.

I had to be closer for this one and slid out of the booth and went to the bar before it filled up and it was quickly filling up as guys realized what was about to happen.

Jan began moving to the music as the whistles and hollers from the crowd pushed her on. The lights directly above the bar were in the perfect position to highlight her tits. 

Her tits began bounding up and down as she began to get with it and really begin dancing. Up until now, she had kept her legs close together also knowing what everyone could see.

Nevertheless, now caution was thrown to the wind as she stepped over to where I was sitting. She looked down at me and spread her legs giving me a clear shot at her naked pussy. She grinned at me and shook her big tits to the music. 

I was three stools away from Sam as she danced his direction and stood directly above him. He was looking straight up at her. She again spread her legs and I knew he was looking at my wife's pussy. He smiled and she grinned and moved on down the bar dancing.

"TAKE IT OFF!" Yells began ringing throughout the bar as she danced.

I thought surely not.

She pulled at her blouse, pulled it from the waist of her skirt, and pulled it up revealing her smooth, tight stomach.

More yells of take it off and she pulled it higher until the bottoms of her breasts were visible.

Whistles and yelling as she pulled it up until her areola were nearly visible.

Money began being thrown onto the bar and more pleading to take it off.

Then swiftly and suddenly, she pulled her blouse over her head and her tits came bounding into plain sight.

"FUCK" I mumbled, as I looked at my wife dancing topless on the bar.

Whistles and yells echoed through the place as Jan's tits gyrated with her body to the music.

But very quickly there were yells of "more, more."

"Take it all off." Was the pleading now.

The song ended and Jan reached down to get her blouse and walked down to where I was sitting. She held out her hand and I grabbed it steadying her as she stepped onto the stool but not before I got another shot of her pussy.

She stepped onto the floor and Sam came over handing her the money that had been thrown onto the bar.

"Here, you deserved it." He then looked at me and said, "You Sir are one lucky man."

"I know that, Thanks." I said.

Jan leaned over to me and said into my ear. "Let's go. I need your cock."

She slipped her blouse back on. Grabbed her bag from the bar, stuffing the money into it and we headed for the door.

Once outside she started saying, "Oh my gawd, oh my gawd." Repeatedly in disbelief. "I can't believe I just did that."

I got to the car and unlocked the door. She opened the back door and said, "Get in."

I climbed in and she got in behind me shutting the door. She peeled off her blouse again and pulled up her skirt as I unfastened my pants and unzipped them.

She dove onto my aching cock and sucked it into her mouth.

In the dim parking lot lights, I watched her brunette hair going up and down on my cock as I felt her tits rubbing against my thighs.

However, what I really wanted was to sink my face into her pussy. When she first flashed it at me on the bar, I wanted then to lick and suck her clit.

I grabbed her head and pulled her off my cock. I pulled her up and she thought I wanted to fuck. I pulled her hips higher and to my face. She quickly got the idea and scooted her body up until she was sitting on my face. I sunk my tongue deep into her pussy and found her clit.

"OH FUCK!" She yelled out.

I grabbed her ass knowing that just a short time before that Sam had his hands in the same place I now had my hands.

I sucked hard on her clit and her body tensed.

"OH MY GAWD!" She screamed and her body trembled.

"I'm cummmming" she mewed.

I felt her juices flood into my mouth and run onto my chin as she trembled and shook with an orgasm.

When her orgasm subsided she pulled off my face and back down my body. She grabbed my cock and guided it to her pussy.

I felt my cock head split the lips of her pussy and then slide into the wet, warmth of her body. She sat fully on my cock and began to grind her hips back and forth, as I reached up and pinched her hard nipples between my fingers. She in turn pinched mine knowing I like my nipples played with.

Having now had a hard on for nearly two hours I was not going to last long. The cum began boiling in my balls and I groaned.

Jan quickly climbed off my cock and slipped it into her mouth just as I shot my first explosive load.

She only rarely has ever let me cum in her mouth and when she did, it caused for an even bigger orgasm. 

I flooded her mouth and there was no way she could contain all of it. I felt some of my cum running down my balls.

I finished cumming and laid there in the back seat catching my breath as Jan licked my balls getting every last drop of my cum.

She then laid on top of me and we kissed deeply and I could taste the saltiness of my cum on her tongue.

We broke from the kiss and she began laughing, "My gawd Honey that was unbelievable. We are going to have to do that again."

"What? I asked. "The sex or the bar dancing?"

"Both!" 

