Look At Me
by MasterBate ©

Sarah was twenty-eight, she had always loved to flash herself off to men 
at every opportunity but for some reason just lately she had become more 
daring. She was deliberately showing herself in more and more dangerous 
places, the train in rush hour, outside night clubs, and in the middle of 
crowded dance foors, to name just a few. Sarah had a great figure, her 
boobs were a healthy 34b, her toned torso was due to gym trips twice a 
week, her ass while being round was also firm, her hair was cut in a 
shoulder length bob, and was a natural reddish-brown. Sarah insisted on 
wearing revealing clothes whenever, and wherever, she could. She worked in 
an office full of men and loved to go without knickers, giving all who 
were sneaky enough to glance down a full view of her pussy, as she usually 
sat with her legs open. 

The following chapters document a three week period in her life which some 
people took it upon themselves to do more than just look. While in the 
past Sarah had just been a tease, she revelled in the opportunity to 
please also. 

Some of the lads in Sarah's office had noticed the change in her as she 
became more daring, they wondered just how much she would show given the 
opportunity. Jerry had an idea, there was an amateur night at the local 
strip club, if they could persuade her into entering that then they get to 
see all she had to offer. 

Frank knew Sarah well, and decided the best way to get her to enter was to 
suggest, firstly, that she didnt have the bottle to enter, he knew this 
would wind her up, she hated to be challenged, and secondly she wouldnt 
win anyway, she wouldnt dare go as far as another girl to win. She had 
gotten down to the club to enter by the next day, she taunted the guys 
that they wouldn't be able to watch without coming in their pants, they 
didnt doubt that, that was what they were hoping. Amateur night arrived 
soon after and they all tripped down to the club to get a good seat. 

As Sarah waited for her turn to strip, she couldn't help but feel nervous, 
she had flirted like mad with the guys, she had flashed at most of them, 
but now here she was about to show everything to them. She decided to go 
out front and watch the other entrants while she waited, she was seventh 
of eight, she wanted to get some tips, while she thought she was a good 
dancer, she had never stripped for any guy before, let alone a room full. 

The first girl to come on stage was a tiny blonde thing, she couldn't have 
been more than nineteen, she was a little overweight but knew how to 
dance. All the time she danced, she kept her eyes on a fella in the front 
seat, obviously her boyfriend, he seemed to be egging her on to get more 
raunchy, she dispossed of her clothes cautiously, ending up totally naked 
but keeping her pussy covered with her hand till the end, finally flashing 
it as the song ended. She got a round of applause but Sarah knew she had 
no chance of winning, she wouldn't have to do much to beat that tame 
strip.

The second and third girls were pretty much the same, only revealing 
everything at the last moment before fleeing off stage to rounds of 
applause. The forth and fifth girls were much more daring, getting naked 
within the first few minutes of their ten minute time limit, the fifth 
girl, called Amy, was about twenty-four or five, she bent over during her 
routine, spreading her ass cheeks, giving all the guys a view of her 
spread pussy before inserting a finger in herself, turning and dipping it 
in her mouth, again twirling round, and sitting on the end of the stage 
letting the front two rows have a good look at her open pussy, she dipped 
a finger in again before letting a guy from my office lick her finger 
clean of her juices. Hell, She'd just upped the stakes, I now knew I'd 
have to be real kinky to win this now, I just hoped the girl before me 
didn't up the stakes anymore. As Amy left the stage she got a thunderous 
applause, Frank, from my office, lent over me and said he hoped I had the 
intention of winning this, I assured him I had, 'Don't worry, I'm not 
gonna let a cheap tart like that beat me!' I cood in his ear. The last 
girl before me was about my age, she had short dark hair, and a nice pair 
of 36d's, she got straight into being naked and teased the guys near the 
stage by bending over right at the edge, allowing to virtually tuch her 
pussy, while being just out of reach.

I had to laugh as I could see the guys all getting worked up at her 
teasing, I knew now that I could win this, I was in the mood. She 
eventually let one guy run his tongue up to her pussy, before stepping 
away moving along to the next one, who let a finger push itself into her 
pussy as he licked, she let him have a little longer, but all too soon she 
moved on, she let five guys touch her before her time was up, and she left 
to an even bigger round of applause than the prevoius girl. I dived 
backstage now to get ready for my turn.

I came out on stage to an almost deafening version of Allanah Miles' 
'Black Velvet', I pranced right to the front of the stage, beneath me were 
all the guys from the office, I teased them by starting my strip at the 
table further over, keeping only my side and back to them as I slipped out 
of my dress, knickers and bra. I was naked before even half of the first 
song was over though, and shimmied my way back to them, giving them all an 
unobstructed view of my body as I turned before them, opening my legs and 
spreading my ass cheeks. 

As the next song fired into life, I again went to another table, setting 
myself down in front of one guy, letting him paw at my pussy, as another 
touched my tits, I knew now I could win this, I went back over to the 
guys, as the last song was starting, letting them all hav e a good grope 
of me, lettin the youngest, Simon, actually slip a finger into my now 
gooey pussy, I laid back on the stage as Geoff slipped his tongue up my 
pussy, and I had a guy either side licking on my tits. Just I was getting 
into it, the music stopped and I had to get up and leave the stage. I got 
a thunderous applause and actually won the competition.

The night didn't end there though. and if you wanna find out what happened 
when we all returned to Geoff's house, you will have to wait. Or send me 
an email and I might just post that as well.

Written by MasterBate around June 2001. 
