Jess came over early, giving me just enough time to shower. We went grocery shopping together, creating a dinner menu on the fly. It immediately struck me that this spontaneity was something I missed. With Kat, everything was planned. But an impromptu dinner felt like a true joy with Jess. Of course, I also realized I had started comparing Jess and Kat. It rapidly became apparent that my usual compartmentalizing wasn't going to help. I was going to need to really figure something out. And it was only 24 hours after Jess had walked back into my life so unexpectedly. I had not expected my world to be turned on its head so suddenly.
We cooked together, prepping chicken parmesan with a simple pasta and salad. She wore jeans that clung to her ass and a slightly oversized button-down shirt that permitted her to skip wearing a bra, her usual preference that I was glad to see hadn't changed.
I led in the kitchen, and Jess played sous chef. We chatted, catching up on the three years since we were last together. After rehab, she had gotten into a serious relationship for a year. She had treated that as her new addiction, adding in a healthy yoga habit. But it turned out the perfect guy also had two other girlfriends, one of whom he had a baby with.
"It left me pretty jaded," Jess said. "So the last couple years? I've been a little bit of an introvert. But what that's allowed me to do is discover myself. I've done a lot of personal growth the last two years."
"You seem like you're in a really positive place," I said.
"Thanks," she said. "I've learned that there's a lot more in life I can control."
"So no more partying?" I asked.
"A little partying," she said flirtatiously. "If I had an eight ball, it would last me a month instead of a day."
I hesitated for a moment, not sure what to say.
"It's okay, John," she told me with a smile. "It's an occasional thing. I like edibles more. But, yeah, I still party some. But I keep it completely under control."
I smiled back at her. "Good," I said. I imagined the possibilities of a Jess who had self-control. "How's Melanie?" I asked, referring to her best friend.
"Oh, she's great," Jess said. "She's engaged. Totally hot male model, if you can believe it. They're ridiculously in love."
"That's nice to hear," I said.
"And what about you?" she asked. "Do you really think of Kat as your girlfriend?"
"I do," I said. "It's the longest relationship I've had since you."
"I don't mean this to come out the wrong way," she said, "but is it really a relationship?"
"Perhaps not in the traditional sense, obviously," I said, "but yes. There are some things I miss, I realize. Like going shopping today was nice."
"I'm not judging," she said. "If it works for you and makes you happy? You should do it."
"It does make me happy," I said. "But, as you know, I'm kind of a pervert. I get off on it." We laughed.
The chicken parmesan was in the oven. The salad was ready. The pasta was boiling away.
Jess was leaning with her back on the counter, her arms crossed casually. I stood next to her. It was the same place where, a few hours before, Rita had been bent over and taken my cock.
"I'm really glad you walked through that door yesterday," I said honestly.
She looked up at me. Her eyes were welcoming blue pools. "Me, too," she said.
And I leaned in and kissed her. She uncrossed her arms and put them around me. I put a hand behind her head, pulling her deeper into me. The kiss lingered, and we pulled back. The timer chimed to signal the pasta was ready.
We ate heartily and chatted happily. It was freakishly natural. After dinner, we took our wine glasses and the bottle to the couch and turned on a movie. We held hands and, before the opening credits had finished, were making out like teenagers at a theater.
"I made myself cum five times last night," Jess admitted.
"I have to confess something," I said. "Please don't be mad." I kept kissing her neck.
"What is it?" she said, seeming unconcerned.
"The bridesmaid who was with Kat yesterday?" I said.
"Rita the weather girl?" she said.
"Yeah," I said. "She was over here earlier today."
"You're a dog," Jess said without jealousy. In the past, I frequently slept with other women, and Jess liked when I told her about it. She liked it even better when I let her watch. "How was she?"
"Honestly?" I pulled back and looked Jess straight in the eyes. "She was fantastic. But don't worry, I changed the sheets."
"Do you have any cum left for me?" she asked.
"I'm sure I do," I said.
I began unbuttoning her shirt while we kissed. Her porcelain skin was soft and warm. Her breath was hot. Her small breasts were tipped by prominent nipples that hardened between my fingers. Our movements were familiar and practiced. The years we had spent together came rushing back into our muscle memory. Jess pushed back and slid her jeans off. Her green panties had a prominent wet spot on the crotch. She reached for my own jeans desperately, undoing the button and unzipping me. I lifted my hips so she could slide them off. Her small hands, warm and with immaculate nails, cupped my cock and balls. My breath was rapid.
"Stand up," I ordered. She complied. "I just want to look at you."
Her legs were long and slender. She had a slight curve to her hips, but her ass was strikingly rounded. It was the definition of a phat-ass white girl booty. I grabbed a meaty handful and gave her a light spank. Her pussy was completely smooth. Her stomach was flat and toned. Her shoulders and collarbone delicate. She was the picture of a statuesque beauty. I drank it in. I pulled her to me and inhaled her scent. Having her back with me was like holding a comforting blanket.
"Jesus, Jess, you are so beautiful," I said. I picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. We kissed along the way.
"I haven't had sex in a year," she said.
"Are you serious?" I said.
"I'm serious," she said. "Not with a man, anyway." She laughed and blushed. "So just be gentle with me."
I set her down on the bed and started a tour of her body with my tongue. As I kissed my up her inner thighs, she whispered, "Just fuck me."
I maneuvered myself on top of her and sank back on my knees. Jess looked adoringly up at me, her arms gliding up her thighs, as she pulled them apart slightly wider. I put a little spit on my cock with my hand and lined up the head against her small, butterfly-shaped lips. I sank inside of her slowly, then pressed out chests together and kissed her while I let her adjust to my size.
"Oh god," she moaned, "I missed that. I missed that so much."
I fit inside her snugly. It felt like a homecoming with her.
"You are so fucking tight," I said. "You really haven't had a cock inside you in a year, have you?"
She shook her head and kissed me with urgency.
"Maybe I was just waiting for you again," she said.
We made love. There was no other way to describe it. It was slow and tender. I stayed on top and stroked in and out of her lovingly. The old tricks of what turned her on and what pushed her closer to orgasm came back easily. I would give her a long, slow stroke, then follow it with the occasional sharp, quick thrust up toward her cervix, and it sent a shockwave of pleasure through her. We kept kissing. I licked her ears and neck. We built a wave of pleasure, pushing it higher and higher until it finally crashed over Jess. She put her arms around me and pulled me to her as her body seized up. She quivered and shuddered and held me close to her. Her moans turned sharper and louder as the orgasm persisted.
"Jesus Christ," she said, her body trembling with aftershocks, "that was so intense. I missed what you do to me. I missed every little bit of it."
I kissed her and said, "Welcome back."
The intensity of Jess's orgasm pushed me closer to mine. I kept stroking, using the extra-tight squeezes of her climax to bring me to my own. Jess could sense I was getting closer. I couldn't believe how quickly it built in me after having cum for Rita three times only a few hours before.
"Cum for me, John," Jess urged. "Fill me up with that hot spunk. You know every drop of it belongs in my pussy. I'm the slut who deserves every last sperm. Please, baby."
I didn't even try to hold back. I just let loose, and the power of my reunion with Jess propelled a shocking amount of cum from my balls. I cried out in pleasure before Jess covered my mouth in a sloppy kiss.
"There you go," she whispered. "Yes, fill up my cunt. You give me so much cum. I love it. You needed me. Fuck yes. You missed me as much as I missed you."
It was an overwhelming moment. I slid next to Jess in the bed and kissed her deeply again. We curled up with my arms around her.
"This is not where I expected to be two days ago," I said and laughed.
"It feels like a dream," she said. Her hand glided up and down my chest.
"Is this a bad idea?" I wondered aloud.
"I have no idea," Jess said and laughed. "But I don't want to think about that right now. I just want to live in this moment. That was intense. I feel like a sleeping monster is awake now. I need to fuck."
Her hand moved to my cock, which she stroked with ease thanks to the coating of her pussy juice. I could see the embers of desire in her eyes. A switch had flipped inside her. I had seen it before. She was ravenous for carnal indulgence.
"I think I have a proposal," I said, letting a finger dip into the cum running out of her pussy. "Let's give this a real shot. Let's make up for lost time. Pick up where we left off. However you want to put it."
Jess purred and buried her head in my neck, not letting up her slow stokes on my cock, which started to get hard again.
"Yes," she said. "Let's make some real trouble again."
"Oh man," I chuckled. "This is going to be a wild ride."
"What about your girlfriend?" she asked.
"I need to think about that angle a little bit," I said. "She's married now. That inevitably gives us a little bit of uncertainty, since she won't have her own place anymore." My thoughts were jumbled. I paused. "Don't worry about it," I said. "Kat hasn't had any issue with me being with other women. I don't think this is any different, in my mind. Of course, I hope you understand that I care about her and will be totally up front. I want to keep seeing her."
"Christ, John," she said, "I was just saying we should have some fun." She laughed. "You can have your cake and eat it, too. I don't care."
My verbal diarrhea showed how excited and confused I was.
"Don't listen to me," I said. "Tell me how you see this working."
Jess rolled her eyes. "We play," she said. "We party. We fuck. We do crazy shit together, but we don't do it as destructively as we did before. I know you're a bachelor, sweetie. I'm not trying to change that. I just want to be part of the fun. Does that make sense?"
My cock hardened in her hand. I smiled at her.
"He likes it," she said, glancing down at my erection.
"So do I," I said. My hand worked its way down her back, and I let a finger walk through her ass crack, touching her tight asshole. "Has your ass been needing some attention, too?" I asked.
"I still love plugs and toys," she said. "You know what an ass slut I am. I can't help it." I put my finger up her ass. She sighed and pushed her butt against me.
I was in awe of the powerful pull Jess still had on me. My mind immediately went to a very dirty place. For four years, we had pushed the limits of sexual adventure even more intensely than Kat and I had in the past two. The thought of having Jess and Kat? It fed my ego and made me extremely intrigued. This was either going to be an unstoppable supernova of pleasure for me or would blow up my life like an atomic bomb.
I was willing to take the gamble that I could handle it.