I read several stories on this site and would like to share my personal experience with my own daughter Kavya (her real name). I would not like to reveal my real name for obvious reasons. Kavya's mother had died when Kavya was only 10 years old. Therefore, we only had each other for company at home. Over the years our relation with each other was getting more and more intimate. As a child Kavya was used to sleeping with me in bed and cuddling up close to me. She being my only child, she was very much pampered. I had never objected to any of her needs in life. I also used to bathe her personally till she was 16. Even after the age of 16 she still wanted me to continue bathing her but I advised her that she was now a grown up girl and she should learn to do her own things. While I still used to bathe her personally, I remember I used to find her beautiful slim tender body quite sensual, especially the way she used to move with such a horny attitude. I tried to avoid any misconduct thinking that she was only a child.

But later things between her and me became unavoidable. Her behaviour in bed with me made me suspicious. She used to cuddle me up as usual but at the age of 18 it was definitely not the same innocent feeling. Kavya's well-developed breasts used to get crushed against my hard hairy chest which gave me an orgasm. Although I tried to hide my sexual attraction towards her, I could not avoid the erection in my underwear. I guess she had sensed that. Because on couple of occasions when I got up in the morning I used to find my pyjama untied and pulled down way below thighs and with dick spearing towards the ceiling. I found all this very embarrassing but kept quiet. The next few days I could not concentrate on anything in office or at home due to the curiosity with Kavya's unusual behaviour.

She was 20 by then and whenever I said that one day she will have to marry and leave me and go, she rejected the idea of marriage telling me that she never wanted to marry and that I am the only man in her life. Right from early childhood she had always said, "I love you, Daddy". But this statement of hers seemed to have a different meaning now that she was 20. In the nights face would come very close to mine occasionally kissing me and even her hands would move to all my parts of body which I had thought she did unconsciously. Many times even after her bath she used to walk out of the bathroom in just the bra and panty. I felt very embarrassed or guilty with my dick hardening inside secretly.

Then one night I wanted to clear my curiosity. I was also used to cuddling up Kavya in bed. So I gently rubbed my hands on her back. Apparently she was not wearing any bra. Her nightgown had risen far above the thighs already so I slowly pulled it up further till the armpits leaving all her vital parts uncovered. Although there was no bra, she was still wearing a panty. I was dying to shed that as well to reveal her most appealing assets. But did not have courage for that yet. To my surprise, Kavya expressed discomfort with the panty and she herself pulled it down and put it aside. Later she removed the nightgown as well. Ever since she had grown up to be a big girl this was the first time I saw my daughter Kavya's totally bare naked body. Her nude figure looked very erotic shining in the dim night light. I was still hesitating to make any moves to avoid embarrassment. But Kavya took the initiative to place her lips on my neck and gently kissing me all over. Her eyes were still closed as if in deep sleep. I was sure she was not in sleep when her hands removed my pyjama and kurta fully. Her right thigh was pressed deeply against my groin feeling the hardness in my underwear. Gradually her leg was well over hips having me trapped. Later her hands actually removed my underwear too.

I could not bear the embarrassment so I got up and scolded her to ask her what she was doing. She looked at me navely saying that after all we only had each other to live with in life. She also pointed that she knew I had no one to love physically after her mother's death and my needs were unfulfilled. She got a bit emotional and started crying saying that she never wanted to leave me and go. She kept on reminding me that I am the only man in her life. Since she was my only child and as I had never objected any of her demands, I also could not refuse this. With great difficulty I accepted her in my arms and kissed her passionately for the first time. She lay me down in bed and confidently mounted on top of me, wildly rubbing my chest and shoulders with her soft warm hands.

Then she was kissing me from top to bottom. I had not had sex with a woman ever since my wife had died. It was a weird experience after so many years, especially with my own daughter. Kavya pulled my dick in all directions arousing it to the max. Then she raised herself up spreading her pussy lips, placing them firmly on my dick. She rubbed it gently at first. The heat was building up in both of us as I also rubbed her soft tender flesh with my rigid masculine hands. She was enjoying the sensation of a hard male hand caressing her tenderness. Her soothing sensations drove me mad with passion. I could not control my emotions any more.

I jumped up and pressed Kavya hard on the bed trapped in my strong grip. Her massive balls were bursting up each time she gasped to breathe in and out. I licked and sucked her nipples as I cried in an outburst of emotions. Suddenly her gentle hands were caressing me as if a mother consoling a child. I couldn't believe my own daughter was behaving like a mother making me feel like a baby as she cajoled me in her lap pulling my mouth closest to her pussy and encouraging me to lick it to my heart's content. Meanwhile her hands were busy rubbing and further hardening my already erect huge rod. She sat on the dick rubbing her ass smoothly. Then parted the asshole inviting the dick inside very comfortably. She was so smooth and confident in her actions that I wondered if she had sex with anyone earlier, maybe in college. But I didn't want to disturb the hot current affair with all those queries. I could leave them for later. For now she was mine, all mine. I rubbed my dick hard into her asshole pushing it deeper and deeper gradually. Our skin was burning with the rising temperatures of our body. Kavya was desperate to have her pussy attacked.

She immediately turned over, again laying me flat in the bed, mounted over me and quickly pulled my dick into the pussy a little bit leaving the rest of the insertion as my privilege. I raised my ass from the surface of the bed to push the dick deeper into Kavya's tender lower lips. Her pussy was soft as petals of a budding rose flower. I pulled the rest of her body pressing deep into my chest as my mouth feasted on her juicy fleshes. As the dick explored the depths of her cunt, my teeth were growing wild on her sweet tender flesh, biting and chewing it mercilessly. In some parts I realized I chewed so much that there was nominal bleeding and swelling which we only realized next morning. After that night we had forgotten to wear any clothes whatsoever in bed. We even freely walked in and out of bathroom naked and enjoyed feasting on each other's eroticism. Often Kavya or I jumped and attacked each other like wild cats upon prey and savoured every delicious inch in detail. Our sexual relationship has lasted for more than ten years but she still doesn't want to think of another man. My daughter remains solely mine as a sex goddess.


