The Shaded Grove
by Pleocks

Beth kicks off her summer with a relaxing dip in a stream.

The summer heat beat down on my back as I walked along the sidewalk. The tall white fence marking the construction zone was a constant companion on these warm days off of school. I remember recalling how this was the final summer before my life really kicked off in college, and I was spending most of my days soaking up the sun and enjoying the sheer laziness of it all.

The construction zone was a permanent part of my neighborhood. On the outskirts several years ago, some developer had purchased some land in the forest accompanied by a spring-fed river. For some reason or another, development always failed before ground could break, and the plot had passed hands and changed names several times. Some of them were less than creative ("Lake in the Wood", "Forest Meadows" and "Pine Lake" despite the fact that the water was not a lake, a forest cannot also be a meadow, and there were no pines in the most deciduous woods there), but one stuck around for the neighborhood kids - "Shaded Grove."

A few times as kids, my friends and I had snuck into the fenced area. At the time, the developer had only used a chain-link fence, and we had found a hole that we had managed to squeeze through. It was a surprisingly large sections of woods, and I imagine a large part of the development issues came from environmentalists. It was about 2 square miles, and filled with trees that were gorgeous year-round. A cool small river with several deeper pools were fed by a spring coming from the nearby mountains and ran through the woods. As kids, we were in love. Our own private "100-Acre Woods" so to speak, and we all got to be Christopher Robin.

We got to be explorers and pirates and cowboys and whatever we wanted. We jumped from rock to rock across the stream, pretending to have incredibly acrobatic sword fights like in the movies. Unfortunately, the land was bought by another developer a few months after school started, and they had put up the much more secure white wooden fence, and effectively cut us off from our private oasis. Our little group - Tommy, Lizzie, Samuel, and Davis - started to grow up at the same time, and we left childish things like our Shaded Glory in the past.

Tommy became Tom and became the captain of the swim team. Lizzie became Liz, and we stayed close as track and field runners. Samuel realized she really was a Samantha and really came into her own in academia, and Davis moved away due to his mother's military career.

I was coming home from a track and field practice, and had spent several hours running on the hottest day of the summer so far. I was beat and was barely paying attention as I trudged forward. The heat got me to thinking about how cold the pools in the river running through the sheltered woods next to me, when I noticed something I hadn't ever seen before.

Normally, the fence was overgrown with vines and plants, but stood solid. As I rounded the corner off the Main Street towards the side roads where my home was, I saw something new - one of the fence sections had come loose, seemingly knocked by a branch during a recent summer storm. There was a small section that could be flipped up, almost like a cartoon. As the sweet dripped down my face, I could almost feel the cool breeze coming off the water, and made up my mind to take a quick dip.

This hole was much larger than the broken section of chain link we snuck through as kids, and I honestly had not grown that much. Topping out at 5 foot 4 inches and weighing 130 pounds soaking wet, this hole would be no problem for me. I glanced around to make sure nobody was watching, and slipped through. Immediately, everything felt 10 degrees cooler. The shade was heavy and cool, and there was a breeze. As I got my bearings, I figured that the closest point to the river was about a quarter mile walk away, and I started off.

The nostalgia for my childhood came rushing in as I walked through the tree, and the path seemed older, but still familiar. The trees were older and larger, but the ground was still mostly clear of growth, aside from some ferns here and there. The leaves crunched under my running shoes as I hiked along, and the path was easy. The land was flat and not too rocky here, and before I knew it, I heard the sound of running water.

I stood in front of one of the pools formed by the river. The ground gave way to stretch of silty land leading to the pebble-bottom river. The pool was about 3 feet at it's deepest point here, and the water was crystal clear. A few small minnows swam about, but the water itself was gorgeous, and looked like something out of a painting. I walked down to the banks, slipped off my running shoes and socks, and dipped a foot into the pool. It was absolutely orgasmic. The water was cool, but not too cold, and felt like heaven. As I striped out to ankle-deep water, I remember playing in this particular pond as kids.

We'd come out to swim during the hottest part of the day after playing and running and rough-housing all morning. The first time we found it, we debated about going back home to grab swim suits and towels. It was Sam's idea, and she was the first to act. Sam was always bold, and a natural challenger. She simply shucked off her clothing and dove in. From that day onward till the end of that summer, we'd skinny dip in the river for about an hour and lie out in the sun drying off afterwards. Being younger, it wasn't really a big deal. Tom and Davis were a little weird about it at first, but after a couple of minutes they relaxed and enjoy it. We even found ourselves repeating it on occasion - about 2 years ago, Tom's parents had just had a pool put in and were out of town for a weekend. Liz, Sam and I came over and we snuck out into the pool at night for a quick dip that turned into a late-night affair. It was a little more awkward since we were all developing and growing in different places (and boy, did some us grow), but we regained that innocence after some stolen drinks, and that type of casual nudity had wormed it's way into our relationships.

Coming back to the present, I got out of the river, and did a quick check around for anyone else. I determined I was alone, as expected, and made my choice. I pull off my school's track uniform and was left in my sports bra and panties. I pulled up the bra over my head, letting my 34DD breathe. Finally, I took off my panties. I had a red tuft of hair right above my pussy, and had heard enough variations of "does the carpet match the drapes" to last a lifetime. I normally was completely shaven since it tended to sweat less, but I hadn't had the time to take care of that recently. Once I was satisfactorily naked, I quickly sprinted out into the pool, and gasped.

It felt freezing! I knew it wasn't actually that cold, but after the heat and the sudden shock, it was an absolute ice bath. My nipples hardened instantly, and become pretty sensitive. I gasped loudly, and my teeth chattered for a moment, but I quickly got adjusted, and began to enjoy my al naturale afternoon dip. I didn't have long before my parents expected me home for dinner, so I found a spot where I can sit and enjoy the swirling currents and think for a little while.

Track practice was going on a break for a month shortly, and my days would be consumed by sloth and laziness. But as I sat in the water and reminisced about the past, I had an idea. Tom only had swim practices in the mornings, Liz would also be on break from track practice, and Sam was actually home alone this summer while her parents were overseas visiting family in Europe. What if we could resume our afternoon dips? It wouldn't be exactly the same without Davis, but I was sat here, I realized just how much I missed doing this. I decided I'd text Liz tonight, and let her know how everything was here. I stood up from the pool, determined to make this happen again at least once more before summer ended, and we all drifted off to different schools.

I made my way to the silty banks of the river to start to dry off, and used by bag as a makeshift pillow while I lounged in the sunbeams in the breaks of the trees. I felt completely refreshed after my dip, and the cool breeze felt amazing across my naked body. As I thought back to our "party" at Tom's pool, I couldn't help but think of my friend's nude forms. Tom had a perfect swimmer's physique, toned by hours of practice, and had shaved every inch of hair on his body. While he was pretty average, it turns out trimming the bushes did make the tree seem quiet a bit bigger. Liz was always the smallest, and had more a gymnasts body - tight and taunt. Her breasts were quiet small but infallibly perky, and she had always keep a landing strip of her raven-black hair above her cute pussy. Following some typically teenage experimentation, the only thing I could compare it to was pornstar pussies, with her lips tantalizing hiding everything.

As I thought of Sam, my hand drifted down my body and began to tug on my pubic hair. I realized I was pansexual when I saw her perfect shape. At that point, Sam had been on HRT for a little while thanks to her supportive family. She had a feminine shape and an absolutely glorious ass. However, that didn't seem to have stopped all her masculine growth either. She was trimmed, but still hairy, but had a cock that would be make most homophobic men ashamed to compare to. God! It was so fucking thick, even back then. I was rubbing my little clit at this point, and began to whimper, thankful for the privacy the Shaded Grove provided me in my ecstasy. I began to slide two fingers in and out of my pussy, and brought them to my mouth for a taste, as my mind drift back to Sam's cock. One time on a drunken dare, she had gotten it hard for us, and I fell it lust with it. As I imagined sucking on it, I quickly brought myself to orgasm, thrusting my fingers in and out of my vagina, and let out a small moan, enjoying my private oasis in the woods.

Once I recovered, I checked my watch, and quickly got dressed and made my way back to the secret entrance. I check that the side road was empty and left the Shaded Grove behind, with thoughts and dreams about future trips.

I got home right on time for dinner, with neither parent none the wiser about my expedition into the woods again. After I showered and changed, I texted Liz. Once we got past some small talk about today's practice and the team's future without us, I started to mention my trip to the Grove.

Beth> Hey, do u remember that forest we used to play in at the old construction site?

Liz> Sure, yeah, with the big fence. We use to spend all morning running around, and all afternoon swimming lol. I wonder when they're going to get around to building anything there.

Beth> I found a hole in the fence today after practice, and snuck in - the place is just as great as I remember it.

Liz> Oh god that sounds great lol. A dip in that stream after practice sounds like heaven.

Beth> It was!

Liz> Did you pack a bikini to practice or something?

Beth> No, I just swam naked like we always used to. Did you want to stop by after practice on Wednesday? It could be fun! Remember that night in Tom's pool?

Liz> lol how could I forget? Alright, I'm in, but I might still pack a bikini. I don't think getting caught naked in the stream is as acceptable as it was when we were kids lol

Beth> Swim-suit yourself lol I think I might continue the old-fashioned way. See you Wednesday!

That was way easier than I had anticipated. I thought Liz would be "too mature" for things anymore. I know she had been a little embarrassed at our pool party - my chest and rear had filled out much more than her slim frame even back then - but maybe the heat of today had gotten to her. Even in the late evening, it was still pushing 90 degrees and felt stuffy outside. Either way, I was taking this victory!

Now I just had to kill a day. I sat down at the desk in my crowded room and considered doing a little packing. I still had to choose what to take and leave behind when I left for school at the end of summer, and hadn't started yet. I'm a last minute packer, sue me. I decided to start with an easy step and just take stock into I had accumulated over the course of my life, starting with one dresser. A 5-drawer tall dresser, it held a good amount of my stuff. Looking at the topmost drawer, I pulled it open and started shuffling through.

This was a "junk drawer" for stuff I actually liked. There were some pictures of friends I had made and loss over the years, an old handheld game console with a cutesy Japanese game, a few track and field and cross-country medals, and some other more personal trophies. I was sentimental person, and kept silly things. I found a Coke bottle cap from a school trip, a piece of a school flag I found on a running trail, and my strangest trophy - the condom wrapper from when my ex and I had first had penetrative sex together. Like I said, some weird trophies. At least I didn't keep the condom itself! I decided that none of this stuff was coming with me - I didn't want to weigh myself down too much with the past literally.

The next couple of drawers were less exciting - one drawer had track clothing in it. I wasn't planning on participating too much in sports my first year, but some inter-varsity stuff might be fun. Another drawer had some shorts in it, including my favorite Daisy Dukes that barely covered my cheeks. I hardly ever wore them out, especially with my parents, but I loved them because they made me feel sexy, even if the only person checking me out was myself in the mirror. Almost like I had some sort of formative exhibitionist experience early in life I thought to myself while chuckling. Those were definitely coming.

I smiled as I opened the next drawer. Two spare sets of bedsheets hid my secrets. As I pulled them out, my treasures laid bare. While I was not a particular promiscuous girl - I had only had sex with 1 boyfriend and some frustratingly short and one-sided experimentation with Liz - I had a higher-than-usual sex drive. I picked up one particular favorite treasure of mine - a 6-inch rainbow colored dildo. Sam had actually gotten this for me on trip. She stole me away a few days after I turned 18 and took me to the nearest city, and to a nice adult store that she must've been to several times, and got me quite a few treasures.

My favorite and most used was this dildo - it hit all the right spots, and it could stick anywhere with the suction cup bottom on it. It gave me a good number of long showers, and I learned my math textbook had a secondary use as a rubber cock mount. Sam had also insisted on butt plug that I pulled out next. It was small and rubber, and a good starter size. I had used it a few times, but it was bit less discreet. I never used it regularly, and required a good bit of lube to insert it. I enjoyed it, but never explored my rear more than that. I had a half-box of condoms that reminded me of my ex-boyfriend that I reached inside and pulled out my final treasure - a small silver bullet vibe. This was loud, but effective, and caused me to squirt for the first time!

I had once used all three treasures in conjunction, and had never been such a quivering mess of incoherent babbling before or since. I couldn't stop myself! One orgasm after another after another. Before I knew it, 3 hours had passed, and I had to rush to clean myself up and get the smell of my juices aired out a bit. Sam had truly crushed the birthday gift awards, and our openness with our sexualities had given us a tight bond. Sam had bought some sort of masturbator there for herself as well as a much larger plug, and had offered jokingly to give me a demonstration, and I still regret not taking her up on her offer.

I set my treasures back in the drawer, but kept the dildo out. I know I had already gotten off earlier today, and it was great doing it out in the sun-dappled forest, but twice a day wasn't unusual for me. I checked the final drawer for completion's sake, and only found a few pair of sweatpants. I closed it, locked my door, shucked off my shorts and underwear, and got to work.

Thinking back to our sex toy trip, and imagining Sam jerking off her thick cock with a rubber pussy toy had gotten me wetter than I expected. I idly rubbed at my clit, while sucking up and down on the rainbow dildo. I found blowjobs to be pretty enjoyable - they were a challenge to make my mouth feel as good as a pussy, or even better - and a favorite fantasy of mine was to imagine Sam's hands guiding me up and down her thick shaft. Occasionally I'd dip down to flick my tongue over the dildo's balls, and dreamt of taking Sam's into my mouth. A quick flash of a memory about Tom's body also came to mind during this act. Tom had unusually large balls, and I had sneaked a few pulls on them just as we all had during this pool party. My daydream returned to Sam as I moved the dildo from my mouth to my wet slit. After all this visual work up, it only took a few strokes of the dildo and some tweaking of my sensitive nipples to bring on an orgasm. I held my tongue to prevent a moan from escaping as my eyes rolled back in enjoyment, and just laid there.

After a few moments of recovery, I brought the dildo back to my mouth and cleaned it off. Maybe it was weird, but I actually really enjoyed the taste of pussy, especially mine. Liz had let me eat her out once when we were younger and had split an ill-gotten edible, and she tasted nice as well, but there was something about me that was great to me. Maybe it was narcissism, or maybe it's my diet, but it just tasted so great to me. Once I got all of my juices off it, I slip my panties back on, put the dildo back in her secret spot and fell asleep with a big smile on my face.

Tuesday passed uneventfully, but painfully slow. I took a little more stock of my room and belongings, and got to work on some college loan paperwork I needed to work out. It was tedious, but important to get done. I had also taken the time to check my first year enrollments, and to get my list of required books together. By the time this was all said and done, my parents got home, and we spent a little time together. They were going on a vacation for 2 weeks soon, and I was planning on staying behind to spend some dwindling time with my friends. After a few hours, I turned into bed, got myself off the old fashioned with just my hands, and texted Liz to remind her of our plans tomorrow before turning over to go to sleep.

I didn't get much of a chance to see Liz during practice the next day. She normally worked with the sprinters, while I was preoccupied with the distance runners. My, ahem, feminine endowments had ruined any dreams I had of sprinting, but Liz's was made for it. As the sun started to reach it's high point of the day, coach had called for the end of training, and reminded every one that the graduated students would not be attending again after next week. Another chapter in my life coming to a close, but it would be nice to have my mornings back.

After helping Coach clean up, Liz and I were both dripping with sweat and my mind was solely fixated on having that clean spring water cool me off, and apparently I wasn't the only one.

"This idea is better than I gave you credit for, Beth. It's fucking miserable out here," Liz complained. "I'm so sore from moving all those damn hurdles, I can't get my mind off of how fucking great a cold dip will be."

Liz's potty mouth betrayed her innocent looks. Topping at at 5 foot tall on a good day, and 100 lbs soaking wet, Liz was slim and taut woman. A lifetime athlete that took her workouts seriously, Liz was trimmed and in fantastic shape. Her long blonde hair was tied into a messy bun, and had stripped off her shirt at some point, leaving her in her sports bra and tight compression shorts.

"I know! We're done here, now, right? Let's get going - I've been thinking about this all day. I found a great pool yesterday we can chill in."

Liz and I gathered our stuff, and began to make our way towards my home, and the Shaded Grove. The humidity had kicked up a notch since Monday, and we were sweating like mad just walking along the road. It was too hot to even chat about our summer plans. As we rounded the corner down the side street towards my covert entrance, I prayed that it was still open. As we marched along the ivy-lined fencing, my prayers were answered. We both audibly sighed as we slipped along the fence into the cool forest. Somehow even the humidity didn't seem as brutal here, and it was easier to breathe.

Liz took a look around and got her bearings, before saying, "Wow, I think I know right were we are. Our old entrance was across the forest on the other side, but I remember playing hide and seek with Davis over by the fallen log there. I bet I could still fit it in!" The forest air and nostalgia was seemingly already making her feel better too!

"Oh yeah?," I retorted, "well you better get running then, because we're going to find out!"

I began to chase Liz, and we were both yelling and shrieking like we were kids again. I tackled her, and we rolled along the soft ground laughing at our own antics. We took turns chasing, climbing, jumping and tackling each other the whole way down towards the stream until we finally got down the pool I had found yesterday. We took a break to catch our breath while laughing and remembering old times.

"Oh my god, I remember the first time we decided to go swimming down here. Sam just whipped it out all and dove in! I can't believe how goddamn brave she's always been, even back then. But you were in right after her if I remember right! Even back when we were just toddlers, you were always fucking scheming about how to take your clothes off," Liz teased.

"Hey, it didn't take you much convincing either! Trying new things is always your bread and butter," I said with a knowing wink.

"You never know anything about yourself if you don't fucking try! I can't wait to get that monogrammed a pillow and make it a Thompson family motto. Let's get swimming!"

"Last one in is a rotten egg!" I yelled as I began stripping.

"Hold on - let me get my bikini on, you fucking nudist!" Liz laughed as I pulled my sports off over my head.

I hopped a little as I pulled my shorts down with my panties, kicked off my shoes and socks and dove in to the pool. The cold wasn't nearly as shocking this time, and was very welcome. I paddled around, shoved my head underwater to wash the sweat out and flipped my hair back while coming back up, trying to look as ironically sexy as possible, batting my eyes while try to make sure water didn't get in them. My goal was achieved with Liz sitting on the ground laughing and wiping tears from her eyes.

"Oh, I might just swoon!" She croaked out in between bouts of laughter.

"Come on in, you Prudish Polly! The water feels great!"

"Really? It looks pretty fucking cold according to your flesh thermometers there," she laugh while pointing out my pointed nipples. She began to dig around her bag, and began to mumble after a minute or so before giving a loud exclamation.

"Fuck! I forget to fucking pack them"

"What did you forget?, " I inquired.

"I forgot my fucking bikini. Ugh, I don't want to get my underwear wet either - it's still sweaty and take forever to dry. Goddammit, I'll have to go home and grab it."

"Liz, come on. Think. There's nobody here except me. And I have literally suckled on your clit. Just get in naked - I'll go home and rub myself to thoughts of your naked body, and we'll call ourselves sexually equally!"

Liz sighed, and conceded my point.

"Yeah, you're right. I wish you'd fucking stop bringing that up though."

"What? I thought you were cool with it?," I asked. Liz had never seemed to struggled with what happened, and I'd even seen her flirt with a few women since then.

"Not that we had sex - I don't mind that at all. I actually really enjoyed it, and it cemented my bisexuality for me. No, Beth, stop bringing up the fact that I never reciprocated. It's embarrassing as fuck, and makes me sounds selfish. It's just intimidating as fuck down there, and I wasn't comfortable licking another girl yet back then."

I didn't realize how much my little jabs had bothered Liz, but now I guess it seemed pretty obvious. Liz sighed again as I remained silently thinking, and she stood on the bank.

"I'm sorry, Liz. I didn't realize I was hurting your feelings about that. I never meant for it be harmful, and was just joking around. I guess I sound sort of like one of those pestering guys. I'll make sure to not bring it up again. If it helps at all, I enjoyed it too. I couldn't have asked for a better experience."

Liz gave one final dramatic sigh, before flashing me a smile that warmed my heart back up.

"Alright, you win, you fucking nudist," she said as she turned around and let down her hair from the bun. I watched as it tumbled down to the middle of her back.

"Not only have you got me skinny-dipping," she said as removed her sports bra, tantalizing covering her littles breasts, "you've even got me putting a damn show for you!"

Liz bent over at the waist, and began to slowly slip down her shorts and panties, revealing her gorgeous little as to me one inch of flesh at time. I was nearly drooling. Liz may not have had a big ass, but it was so tight you could bounce a quarter off it. She finished her strip tease with a little flash of her nearly perfect pussy, before putting her head between her legs, and make a silly face. She turned around to reveal her small, but pert breasts, and gave her nipples a quick flick to harden them.

"Is this good, you dirty perverted nudist?" She asked jokingly while laughing.

"Oh, I left all my singles in my other pocket."

I let that one hang in the air before we both started laughing again. Liz slipped into the pool, and sighed deeply in relief as the cool water rushed around her body. She came over to me and we both stood up in the waist deep (well, chest-deep on Liz) water and we hugged.

"You were right, Beth. I don't think it would've felt nearly as good in my bikini. And if Sam ever joined us, I don't think she'd let me hear the end of that!"

I laughed, and hugged her tighter, before we let go and sat down in a shallower part of the pool, while the water flowed around us. We sat and chatted a little bit, about track and then college and then boys and then girls (I noticed Liz trying to sneak some glances at my breast at this point) and then relationships.

"Let me ask you something, Beth. Have you ever hooked up with Sam yet? I know you've had a crush on her since we were kids."

I sighed, and respond, "No, I haven't. I know she's not into traditional relationships, and I don't think I could be happy being just an occasional booty call with her. And with us going to separate schools, I don't know how it could be serious."

"Well," Liz pondered, "maybe it could still be serious without being traditional. My parents admitted to me that they're open. They're not fucking swingers or anything - they date separately and have rules in place to keep things civil and fair. It's been working for them so far, and Dad in particular has been really happy to explore his sexuality."

"I guess it might be worth a shot at some point, but can we got back to the part where casually mentioned your parents fuck other people?" I laughed at the typically casual Liz dropping a bomb like this.

"It's honestly not a big deal," she replied. "They've been open for years now. They get tested regularly, never bring dates home, and they tend to keep outside relationships casual. It's gotten me thinking about my own view on relationships and sex, and they gave me a few books to read that make sense to me. I could lend one to you on Friday, if you'd like? It might help."

"Yeah, I'd like to read one. Your parents always seemed pretty happy, so they must know to make relationships like that work."

I hugged Liz in thanks again. As I pulled back, Liz and I looked at each other in the eye. She began to rub her hand up and down my back, and I leant back in. This time, our lips met. We'd done this before, but it was still incredibly exciting. Our kiss grew in confidence as the time passed by unnoticed. At one point, Liz began to boldly prod at my lips with her tongue. At the same time, her hand reached around and began to play with my nipple. The combined assault was irresistible, and I relented to her tongue. We began to dance in and out of each other's mouth, sometimes her tongue chasing mine, and sometimes mine chasing her's. I roughly groped her breast, maybe a little too roughly for first-timers, but I knew Liz liked it rough. She let a hungry moan escape our kiss.

I moved my leg up, and Liz brought her crotch down to met it. We continued to kiss for what felt like hours as Liz began to rub her pussy against my leg. I could feel her juices coating it, and her humping continued to intensified as I continued to pull on her tiny tits. I felt her breath beginning to hitch, and I knew she was getting close to her orgasm. I decided to push her along, and grab both of her nipples and squeezed. We'd risen out of the water at this point, with Liz on my lap humping my leg. She let out a gasp and poorly-stifled moan as she began to squirt onto my leg. As her orgasm subsided, she ended our kiss with a smile and a quick playful lick to the nose. She rolled over back into the stream, with a blissful smile on her face. She opened her eyes and turned to look at me.

"Jesus, Beth, where the fuck did you get so good at kissing?"

I laughed, remembering that my first kiss was shared with Liz during a game of truth or dare in these very woods while drying off after a dip in the stream.

"Practice make perfect, you Prudist Polly!" I said, laughing at my own alliteration.

Liz glanced at her watch and swore, "Shit. It's getting really late, we're going to have to dry on the walk back to the fence."

We quickly grabbed our stuff and started the walk back to reality. Naked as the days we were born, the forest seemed even happier to have a couple of naked and horny people enjoying it. The air was even lighter, and we barely noticed the humidity. Every now and then, we stopped to steal a quick kiss and smile. It seemed like the most natural thing in the world, and completely impossible 4 hours ago.

When we got back to the fence, we were mostly dried, and got dressed again, but not before I grabbed a handful of Liz's tight ass checks and got a huge smile in return. We kissed again, and I decided to float an idea.

"Speaking of crushes," I asked, "what if we invited Tom for a swim? I'm not sure how he feels about 'non-traditional' relationships, but two naked and fit teenage girls is hard offer to turn down."

Liz giggled, and said, "yeah, you know what, what the hell. I'll text him once next week to join us after track practice. I want you to myself on Friday though. I'll bring you that book, get a joint from my brother, and maybe I can repay you a favor or two." She give me a flirtatious wink with those words, and I instantly got wet. We kissed one last time, before leaving the safety of the Shaded Grove.

We went our separate ways at the makeshift gate, and I pulled out my phone to check it. I had a couple of text messages from Sam, and my heart skipped a beat. I open them and read:

Sam> Hey Beth! Sorry I've been out of sorts this summer so far. I've totally got a great explanation

Sam> So for graduation, my parents got me the best gift.

Sam> I got top surgery! I got to pick the size and everything. I might even be bigger than at this point! Lol

Sam> Open this in private please! I just need to show them off now that they're nearly healed

I opened the image I receive from Sam, and my jaw dropped. She had sent a full body shot from a mirror. Sam had a huge smile on her face with a wink, and with one hand point to her new breasts. They looked great! Perky and nearly natural, with just a few scars still visible. My eyes travelled further down, and I saw she had actually shaved her pubic hair. Her cock was fully erect, thick and engorged. If I was wet before, my pussy must've been running like the river at this point as my heart beat fast. I saw I had another more messages from Sam and read them.

Sam> Sorry if that was a bit much! I took this one for my online kink friends, and remember you staring a lot last time lol, so I figured you might appreciate it.

Sam> Call me soon! I'll be fully healed in two weeks and then my parents will be gone.

All I could was prevent myself from drooling. After staring, I quickly saved the image (I would need this when I got home), and just sent back the heart-eyed emoji. This summer was turning out to be exactly what I needed.
