“What?” Kakashi asked tersely.

Pakkun looked up seriously. “I found one of their camps.”

“So?” It was clear that the Copy Ninja wanted to get back on the trail as swiftly as possible.

“No, you’ll want to know this. I found your teacher’s urine. They’re drugging him pretty heavily.”

A silver eyebrow narrowed. “With what? How much? How long?”

“I’m thinking that it smells like that stuff from Hidden Rock, that paralysing sedative they occasionally like to use. They’re either really dosing him in the stuff or they’re not giving him enough water because his urine is saturated in the stuff. I don’t know how long they’ve been doing it, but they’ve done it long enough for it to have passed through his system and I’ll bet they’re keeping a fairly steady stream of that stuff to keep your teacher from giving them too much trouble.”

Kakashi drew his lips into a thin line. “How old is it?”

“About a day and half, give or take.”

He nodded shortly. “Move out.” He ordered curtly.

Pakkun rolled his eyes, but obeyed.
xXxXxXxXxXx
The hazy projection didn’t seem all that impressed, but it was hard to tell with it being so blurry. “He hardly looks worth our time.” The voice that came out was tinny and fuzzy and followed two heartbeats behind the movement of the spot Iruka supposed was the mouth.

He would have been insulted if he wasn’t so grateful that he wasn’t drugged. He was also covertly working his way out of the chakra string that bond him and his captors were more or less ignoring him.

“Trust me, this is something you don’t want to pass up.” Hina—for lack of something better to call her—assured the projection. She grabbed Iruka’s ponytail and forced his head up. He growled at her from around his gag, but she paid him no heed. “This guy is practically family to the Nine-Tails. I’ll bet you can get the little fucker to come crawling to you if you rough this guy up a bit.”

“There are others who are close to the Vessel. The Uchiha brat, for example, or the other member of his team.”

“The ‘Uchiha brat’ is not entirely on good standings with his home village,” the hulk who’s shoulders Iruka had been slung across rumbled. “You might get some results with him, but this one”—he jerked his scaly thumb in the trussed up chunin’s direction—“will get you results with the entire village as well as the Nine-Tails.”

“And the bitch that was in his genin team is training under the Hokage and nobody’s crazy enough to take someone right out from under that whore’s nose.” She shook Iruka’s head and he felt his teeth clatter through the gag. “This little pansy was not only a favourite of the previous Hokage, he’s close enough to the new one that she’ll being willing to put some effort towards getting him back, but he’s distant enough she couldn’t have noticed his disappearance right away.”

“And I’m sure his lover would be willing to comprise a bit for his return.” A sleazy and oily ninja oozed, the aura of his brown-nosing only cut by the shrewd lines around his eyes.

All the kidnappers smirked coldly. “Oh, did we forget to mention? This little bitch bends over and takes it from Hatake Kakashi.” Hina leered and she lifted her fist slightly nearly lifting Iruka up by his hair, but stopping just short. He bit down to try and not make pained noises.

For the first time since the conversation began, the hologram appeared interested. “The great Copy Ninja? Took…that as his lover?”

“You should see his ass,” She sneered slightly. “It seems that the Copy Ninja like ‘em pretty and tight.” The other ninjas cackled.

“Practically family of the Nine-tails and lover of Sharingan Kakashi…” The projection murmured. “I will talk to my masters on this matter. If what you say is true, they would be pleased with you and your efforts.”

“What about a reward?” A ninja with so many lip piercings that Iruka wondered how he talked at all spoke up.

“I make no promises, but they have been known to be…generous when things require them to be.” The fuzzy edges got blurrier. “No unnecessary harm should be done to it and EVERY body part must be accounted for. My masters only want the best.” It fizzed and was gone.

Iruka ignored his captors as they cackles and worked his hand free. It was time that he started to work on escaping. He didn’t think that he’d get far, but it could then be said that Iruka went down fighting until he couldn’t any more.

He was not going to make things easy for them. They were going to have to work for every penny they got from the Akatsuki, assuming that he lived long enough for them to collect, something Iruka wasn’t planning on.

He would not be used.

And, in the moments that followed, Iruka got to find out—for real—how fast a castrated ninja could move.