The limo ride from Aria to Cosmo, where our table at the Marquee nightclub awaited, was just a couple minutes. It would have been faster to walk. If we had walked, however, I would have been deprived of the sight before me: Kat on her knees in front of me as I sat at the far end of the limo, sniffing a second line of cocaine off a small mirror, before offering me the other two she had cut.
"This is outrageously good stuff," I said, rubbing my nose as Kat sat on my lap. "There's almost no bitterness on the drip."
Kat had a crazed look in her eyes. "I'm so fucking wired," she said quickly. "I'm dying to know what you have planned next."
I pulled her panties aside as she sat on me and fished my cock out of my pants. She looked at me hungrily.
"I need it," she said.
"I'm going to make you so turned on," I said, licking my lips, "that you are craving cock and begging for it like you never dreamed you could."
I lifted her hips and put my cock inside her in one fluid motion. The limo was just pulling up to the Cosmo. I pulled out after that one stroke and zipped up, putting her panties back into place.
"You fucking tease," she hissed. "You did not just do that to me."
I smoothed down her dress and patted her butt.
"You bet your sweet ass I just did," I said. The limo door opened. "Let's get going!"
Kat got out of the limo with poise, but I saw the sheen of moisture between her thighs. She turned heads as we walked through the throngs of the Cosmo, past the reception desk, and the Vesper Bar.
"You were picked up like a street walker right there," I whispered to her. "If I saw you working or escorting? I'd cover the bed in money and fuck you right on it."
She clung to my arm and swooned slightly. "Oh shit, that is so fucking hot," she said.
I ramped things up even further. "You know," I said, "you want James mostly for his money. Like you said, billion with a 'b.' It's kind like you're his whore, but he has to pay you half of everything."
"God, you're right," she said. "I never thought about it like that. I am a whore. I'm just a whore."
"Not just a whore," I said, as we approached the Marquee's entrance. "My whore."

A hostess clad in a black-trimmed, purple bustier escorted us to a table for ten at the edge of the Marquee dance floor. It wasn't midnight yet, but the crowd had begun to teem. It was an absurd amount of space for two people, but I knew it wouldn't stay that way long.
Kat was bubbling over when she found out Tiesto, her favorite DJ, was headlining that night. She was content to dance while I connected with our waitress. Her name was Brittney and looked like a filtered, anime bimbo. She had a nose that came to a sharp point that screamed plastic surgeon. Her breasts spilled out of the bustier. With her tiny waist and long legs, she looked like tits on a stick. But she also sported a surprisingly curvy ass. She was exotically hot. I told her we wanted a magnum of Dom Perignon rosé, but when others joined us, we would order liquor, too.
Kat was lost in the music, the pulsating thumps directing the rhythm of her body. I watched her, an island unto herself in the growing crowd of the club. She was naturally and erotically in tune with the music. It was hypnotic. I pulled out my phone and sent a text message. Kat continued to dance until Brittney returned with our Champagne. I stared unabashedly down her impressive cleavage as she bent over. She just smiled.
I questioned my decision to tease Kat -- and by association, me -- for so long. My sexual desire was in overdrive, and the club atmosphere didn't help. I joined Kat on the dance floor for a while, and once we took a break to drink the Dom, my phone lit up, so I excused myself to the restroom.
As arranged, there stood Caitlyn, the XS waitress from our previous trip. I hugged her. She wore a shimmering silver barely-there dress. She looked like the sculpture of a model to me.
"Thanks for coming," I said and palmed her the coke bullet.
"Does she have any idea?" Caitlyn asked.
I shook my head, and she disappeared into the restroom. When she emerged several minutes later, she smiled with coke-happy eyes and let me lead her to our table. Kat had her back to it, still dancing, but when she turned and saw Caitlyn sitting next to me, she screamed and rushed to her.
"Oh my god!" Kat shrieked. "What are you doing here?"
"John said it was your bachelorette party," she laughed.
My plan for the evening was a risk. I was pretty sure it would go over well, but I had some residual butterflies as it finally started to play out. The three of us drank and caught up. When the girls went to the dance floor, I excused myself again. This time, I walked back to the entrance and met Kayla and Stephanie, who had finished their late performance. Kayla was my Jubilee! showgirl friend from many Vegas trips, and Stephanie was her friend who had won the spanking contest I gave them the previous year.
Kayla was very tall, fully six feet in her tall heels, with a slim top and powerful legs. Her ass was the nicest I had ever seen, and the dress she wore tonight looked like it was painted on her. She was Australian and had a very light accent. Stephanie was similarly tall, with rust red hair, modest breast implants, and a hard body. She was slimmer than Kayla but powerfully built. They were in superb shape. She wore a micro skirt and white half-shirt that made it abundantly clear she didn't wear a bra.
I kissed them hello.
"Thanks for coming," I said with a warm smile. "We're going to have some fun."
"We never fail to have fun," Kayla said flirtatiously.
I escorted the two showgirls to our table. Brittney appeared, poured Champagne, and I ordered another magnum and a bottle of tequila. I offered Kayla and Stephanie some blow, but they declined. I had forgotten they were randomly drug tested.
Kat and Caitlyn approached us with slightly confused looks on their face, their hair and dresses disheveled from dancing.
"Baby," I said to Kat, "these are my showgirl friends Kayla and Stephanie."
I introduced Kat and Caitlyn, and fortunately Brittney rescued me from the natural awkwardness of the moment by arriving with Champagne and tequila. She prepared a round of shots for everyone, and that helped break the ice. I could see Kat wondered what was going on.
"If you've fucked me," I said loudly, "you have to take a shot!"
Brittney handed each girl a shot.
"Your personal harem," she said to me. "Nice."
I clinked glasses with Kat, Caitlyn, Kayla, and Stephanie. Kat said in my ear, "What's going on?" I merely grinned. My goal was simple. I wanted the girls to get along and dance and have fun. I wanted all of them to loosen up. It was a bit of a challenge initially because Kat and Caitlyn went off to the bathroom to do more cocaine, leaving Kayla and Stephanie with me.
Eventually, though, alcohol ruled the day. The girls drank and danced, and we had a blast. There were few things better than being in a Vegas nightclub, not a care in the world, with a group of beautiful women. Once I had all the girls buzzed and at peak energy, shortly before last call, I knew it was time to head back to the villa and escalate things. Everyone but Kat knew it was coming.
It started in the limo on the return to the Bellagio. Caitlyn stole Kat's seat next to me. I fed her bumps of coke from the vial, and we started kissing. My hands wandered above and below her dress. Kayla and Stephanie, who had strong bisexual tendancies, made out enthusiastically. Kat looked shocked, but I also saw the familiar lust in her eyes. She had been teased relentlessly for the past several hours. I beckoned her to come sit on my lap.
"Do you trust me?" I asked her.
"Always," she said. "But I really want your dick in me."
"Good," I said. "You have to trust me. Don't ask questions. Just do as you're told."
"Yes, daddy," she said in a whisper.
In the villa, we gave the girls a tour. Caitlyn and Kat hit the coke on the marble coffee table outside while I showed Kayla and Stephanie the pool. I suggested they could get comfortable and take a swim. They took the hint, stripping and getting in the pool. I poured drinks for everyone and joined Kayla and Stephanie, sitting on the edge of the pool while they swam. They came out, briefly toweled off, and I reminded Kat of the villa rule. She and Caitlyn had been chatting in the excited, machine-gun manner of people on too much cocaine.
"Why don't we take this party inside?" I suggested as Kat peeled off her dress.
Inside, I guided Kat to an armchair and surprised her by producing arm and leg restraints. Her eyes got wide.
"Trust me," I repeated.
I bound her upper and lower limbs to the chair. Caitlyn had stripped and joined Kayla and Stephanie on the couch, which faced Kat. By now, I think she realized what was going to happen. She squirmed. Her thighs were wet. I could see the desperation and deprivation on her face and smiled.
The other three girls knew what the score was, and they were being paid handsomely to bring this fantasy to life. Kayla and Stephanie kneeled in front of me and, with practiced movements, began giving me a double blow job.
"Enjoy the show," I said to Kat, locking eyes with her. The look of yearning on her face was priceless to me.
As I had set up my plans for this evening, I had found out that Caitlyn was a true freak with very few limits. I intended to take advantage of that. As I let my head roll back as Kayla deep throated me with a skill I had missed, Caitlyn started to rim me. Stephanie sucked my balls, and I wondered if I had ever been so fully stimulated in all my life.
I glanced at Kat, who was still squirming and now biting her lip.
"You are a cruel fucker," she said to me but in a sweet tone.
Kayla and Stephanie switched roles, with Stephanie using her mouth on my cock and Kayla licking my balls. Caitlyn was greedy in eating my ass, shoving her tongue as far inside as she could. Kayla stood up and started kissing me.
"I can't believe I'm letting you pay me for sex," she said and bit my ear. "You've turned me into an actual whore."
"Just because I didn't give you cash before didn't mean you weren't a whore," I said playfully.
"Oh, girl," Caitlyn said, having overheard Kayla. "Always get paid. If you're going to fuck anyway, you might as well get yourself a bonus."
"I love a good whore," I growled as Stephanie worked her mouth magically on my cock.
Caitlyn stood up, got herself a bump of coke and took one to Kat.
"Here, sweetie," she said, offering it off her long fingernail. After Kat sniffed, she kissed her and grinned. "Doesn't his ass taste good?"
Kat strained against the cuffs on her arms and legs.
"I want to try some," Kayla said out of the blue.
"Are you sure?" I asked.
"It doesn't stay in your system long, right?" she asked.
"That's right, just a couple days" Caitlyn said, already getting a bump to bring her. "Here," she said, "just inhale as hard as you can. This super strong, so you just need a little."
Kayla sniffed, the thimble of white powder disappearing instantly. "Shit, it burns," she said. She pinched her nose.
"Just give it a minute," Caitlyn said.
Stephanie never let her mouth off my cock. I ran my hands through her thick hair, feeling myself get harder seeing Kayla do coke for the first time.
"Oh my god," Kayla said. "This is euphoria. I totally get it."
I motioned her to me and kissed her. "Now you're a coke whore," I whispered in your ear. "My coke whore."
"Spank me," Kayla said.
"I think it's time to line up, girls," I announced.
All three kneeled on the sofa, presenting their asses to me. Kayla with her beautiful bubble butt, Stephanie with her toned, firm cheeks, and Caitlyn with her skinny girl ass sat before me. I readied my hand. I glanced at Kat, whose face showed a mixture of jealousy and urgency now. There was a wet spot on the chair.
My hand came down on Kayla first. She enjoyed spanking more than anyone else I had ever met. As soon as my hand cracked the skin of her cheek, she forcefully said, "Harder!" I obliged, first once, then twice, then a third time. Stephanie wiggled her butt in anticipation. She took her four spanks with poise. Caitlyn squirmed and took it like a champ. She was a little bratty and said, "I just want that dick. Fuck me, daddy, come on."
This part of the night had been scripted. The spanking first, then what came next. I lined up my cock behind Caitlyn and entered her. She sighed and pushed back against my cock. Her pussy was tiny and tight.
"You're going to break me in half with that thing," she panted.
I pulled out and walked to Kat, putting my cock in her face.
"Taste her," I ordered. She complied, greedily licking my cock.
"When is it my turn?" she asked.
I ignored her and returned to my three whores for the night. I put my cock inside Stephanie next. Then Kayla, each time making Kat clean off my cock in between. She was struggling against the restraints by the end, desperate to join the fun. I smacked by cock across her cheek.
"Tonight is for me," I told her definitively. "I'll decide if you get to join us."
She pouted. The planned part of the night was over. Kayla, Stephanie, Caitlyn and I devolved into a small orgy. Drinks and cocaine flowed. I devoted my time first to Kayla, who after years of playing together was one of my Vegas comforts. Her pussy was welcoming and familiar. Stephanie rode her face while I fucked Kayla in missionary. Caitlyn did more coke and ensured Kat's buzz stayed very high.
After a brief round inside Stephanie, Caitlyn begged for me. Kayla and Stephanie were happy to 69 each other while I fucked Caitlyn.
"You are such a coke whore," I told her.
She smiled. "I can't believe it took you this long to figure it out," she said. "I love XS because of the access to drugs and rich men. It gives me everything I want, and I'm not afraid to indulge."
Caitlyn moved her hips skillfully, even as I fucked her doggy style. The huge amount of coke she had consumed made her pussy slightly dry, which created an intense friction. I looked at Kat in the armchair, and it reminded me of when we had visited LA, when I had watched her being fucked by Patrick from a similar vantage point.
"I love you," I mouthed to her. She squirmed in response.
The full day of drinking had muted my ability to reach orgasm, but that wall was almost overcome. Caitlyn was extremely tight. I was ready.
"On your knees," I commanded.
She scrambled to her knees and sucked my balls while I stroked my cock until it erupted all over her face, shooting creamy streaks across her nose, forehead, and into her blonde hair. She relished taking the facial.
"Oh yes!" she encouraged me. "Cover me! Fucking ruin my face! Ruin my hair!"
Caitlyn and Kayla gravitated to the coke again, while Stephanie turned her focus on helping me recover and get hard again. And it was on this hamster wheel of hedonism my night continued. I made a point to cum with each of the girls. I didn't untie Kat, despite her occasional protestations. As the first gray streaks of dawn hit the sky, I knew it was time to break things up. I distributed $2,000 in cash to each of the girls and had the limo take them home.
I finally released Kat when we were alone.
"How was it?" I said.
"I hate you and love you for it," she said. Thanks to Catilyn's endless supply of coke to her, she was still wired and energetic. She got up from the chair and swaggered toward me.
"It wasn't too much?" I asked. "I was a little nervous about pushing you too far."
She shook her head. "I've never been so turned on in my life," she said. "But if you don't fuck me right now, I may never forgive you. Think you still have any energy left in that dick, daddy?" She reached down and cupped by cock and balls.
"If I can't get it up for you," I said, "that's when you know I'm dead."
"I'm worried we'll waste our whole Saturday, though," she said.
"That's what the coke is for," I said. "If we run out of time to sleep, so be it. You said you wanted to party."
She smothered me in a kiss. Her body humped against me. She was so needy. I picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. Somewhere deep inside, I mustered up reserves of strength and energy to give Kat the rough, relentless fuck she needed.
I had never felt a pussy so wet when I entered her doggy style. I felt her entire cunt throbbing with desire. It took maybe a half dozen strokes before she came the first time, screaming at the top of her lungs. Another half dozen strokes had her cumming again. That's when I realized my plan had worked far better than I had ever dreamed.
Depriving Kat and flipping the tables, making her a cuckquean for the evening, had increased her sexual energy to levels neither of us had seen.
"Did you like watching me with them?" I asked, as I spanked her.
"I did," she groaned. "I was helpless. I wanted to close my eyes, but I couldn't."
"Who did you like watching me with the best?" I said.
"Caitlyn," she said, without hesitation.
"Why?"
"Because she's a coke whore like me," she said. A third orgasm tore through her.
I kept up a furious pace rutting her, never letting up on spanking her ass until I started to pull her hair forcefully.
"You better get used to it," I told her gruffly. "You're committed to me. You don't get to fuck anyone else."
"I know," she panted. "My body is for you."
"But I get to do what I want," I said. She came again. It was an unbelievable performance. "I will take all the pussy I can get. You better get used to tasting other women on my cock."
"Yes, daddy," she promised. "I'll watch you. I'll help you. Whatever you want. Just never stop fucking me." She came a fifth time.
I didn't relent. I smiled. If she meant it, this would work out very, very well indeed.