Danny hung up on Casey and sighed. She was a definite force of nature. Some other guys had been freaked out when they learned she was his ex-girlfriend so, with the Jerk, he'd decided to just say she was his sister. They certainly acted enough like siblings to pull it off. Like now, with the phone call. Offering to buy them dinner was a red flag. Casey wasn't nice for no reason. She could be the sweetest girl in the world, sure, but it always came with a caveat attached. He didn't want to waste his whole day trying to figure out what her game was. So he put the call out of his mind and focused on his work.

Or tried to, anyway. Casey's call had made him start thinking about the Jerk and their relationship. It had started right here in this store, when the Jerk came in to look for a new phone. Danny had almost trampled Joseph getting across the store to help the new customer, not even caring about the bonus he would get if he talked the Jerk into an upgrade. To be honest, the Jerk didn't even look like a serious customer. He did, however, look like he'd walked right out of Danny's dreams.

Danny had demonstrated all the best phones, not caring how long it took because it meant more time with this scruffy Adonis. Well, Adonis was pushing it. The Jerk wasn't exactly everyone's cup of tea. But to Danny, he looked like a diamond in the rough. Long shaggy hair, unshaven, wearing at least two layers of wrinkled and faded clothing. He looked like a movie star between roles, just hanging out and waiting to unveil his shining good looks.

Technically he was still waiting for that unveiling. But that was fine. He could be patient. And in the interim, he'd really come to love the Jerk. And thanks to their relationship, Danny had learned how to be a little less rigid in his hygiene. Wait, that sounded horrible. He'd realized that it wasn't the end of the world if he didn't shower twice a day. If his hair wasn't perfectly styled, he didn't have to find a comb before he went out. He was still a long way from a slob, but he was more comfortable in his skin.

He'd spent a half hour following the Jerk around the store that day. When he was showing him the new Android phone, he'd stepped close enough that their arms touched. He had casually put his hand on the Jerk's back and, when he didn't pull away, moved his hand lower. A quick purchase (of a really cheap phone), an exchange of phone numbers, and four hours later Danny was coming in the Jerk's mouth.

It was a whirlwind romance. And that first night, when the Jerk had sat on the edge of Danny's couch and whipped out his cock, lust had cemented into "I think this guy might be the one." His cock was glorious. Long and thin, but not too thin. Sometimes Danny thought he loved it more than he loved the Jerk. That wasn't fair. He loved the Jerk a lot, but that cock was something to write home about.

Just thinking about it was making him hard. The store was mostly empty, so he asked Isaak to cover his register and went out for a "smoke." That was the catch-all term for whatever they did on their breaks outside the store. Sometimes the Jerk would come by and they would have sex in the back room. Isaak and Jaime knew about it, and Danny knew when Jaime was really giving Isaak a blow job in the stock room. It was a good give and take relationship.

Danny went out to his car and climbed behind the wheel. They were allowed to park at the back of the lot, out of sight of the customers, so he unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. He took out his cell phone and dialed the Jerk's number. He leaned back against the headrest, stroking his cock through his underwear as he listened to the phone ring. After an unbelievable amount of time, the Jerk answered.

"Dan?"

"Hey. Wanted to say I was sorry for this morning."

"What?"

"When I woke up and you were hard. I should have done something about it." His eyes were closed, and he wondered what the hell he'd been thinking. Most guys - well, the gay ones - would kill to wake up with someone lying next to them, horny and ready. And Danny had jumped up and headed into the bathroom. He must be mental.

"Don't worry about it. I got it taken care of."

"Oh, yeah?"

"You know the landlady? Mrs. Lawrence?"

Danny laughed. "Did she make you use her dildo?"

The Jerk sounded relieved. "She got you, too?"

"Hell no. I told her I wasn't interested." He opened his eyes and smiled. "Did you?"

The Jerk hesitated. "Well, I started. But then I had to leave. So I just came downstairs and took care of myself in bed."

Danny closed his eyes again, still rubbing the cotton of his underwear against his swelling hard-on. "What did you think about?"

"Uh, you know. There was a really hot delivery girl. I thought about those shorts they wear."

"Did you think about me?"

"Indirectly. Where are you?"

"I'm in my car, on a break. I was thinking about you and suddenly I had something I needed to take care of. So you wanna help me out, sweets?"

The Jerk chuckled. "I'll see what I can do. Wish I was there to see you. Wish you'd been doing that when we met. Just a customer looking for a phone and I see you, all cut and polished, sitting in your car with your dick out. Is it out?"

Danny tugged the waistband down and took his cock in his hand. "Yeah, now it is."

"I wouldn't have known what to do, so I probably would have just stood there until you opened your eyes and caught me."

"Then I would have motioned for you to get in the passenger side of the car. And I would have leaned back and asked if you would give me a hand."

"Once I saw your cock, I wouldn't have been able to say no. But I wouldn't have given you a hand. I would have bent down and licked up one side and down the other before I took you into my mouth and started sucking. I would have used my hands on your balls. Squeezing them and rolling them with my fingers while you fucked my face that gentle way you do."

Danny put one hand in the air over his lap, pretending it was the Jerk's head. He stroked, mimicking passes of the Jerk's tongue. "Mm, I'm already pretty close, baby. Would you let me come in your mouth?"

"Oh, yeah. I love how you taste. Come in my mouth and I'd swallow it all up."

He cupped his palm over the head of his cock and arched his back, pulsing and shooting his come into the bowl his hand made. When he was done, he found a Handi Wipe in the glove compartment and cleaned himself up.

"Thanks, babe."

"No problem. Want to try the real thing when you get home?"

"Can't. Casey wants to take us out for dinner tonight." There was a pause. "You there?"

"Uh, yeah. Casey wants to take us both out for dinner? D-did she say why?"

Danny raised an eyebrow. "No. It was weird to me, too. But hey, if a girl can't buy a meal for her brother and the guy he's fucking, then what kind of world are we living in?"

The Jerk chuckled nervously. "Okay. Uh, is she taking us somewhere fancy? Did she get a raise or something?"

Tell the Jerk that dressing up means no underwear. "She just said dress up. So, you know, something you've washed in the past month would be awesome."

"I might have to take something out of your closet."

"Go ahead. Talk to you at dinner." He hung up, tucked his cock back into his chinos and made sure he hadn't made any unfortunate drips. He was safe, so he zipped up and climbed out of the car. He smoothed his hands down the front of his polo shirt and headed back into the store. Isaak was helping a customer, and Jaime was speaking on the phone behind the counter at the back.

Danny went back to his station and tried to think about why Casey was suddenly Ms. Generous. The Jerk seemed to know something about it. Maybe they had planned something together while he was in the shower that morning. Casey had seemed a little weird, now that he thought about it. He'd originally just put it up to the fact that she was sitting in a room with his naked boyfriend, but maybe he'd interrupted a conversation about... what? A birthday party? His birthday wasn't until October. Maybe it was Casey's birthday. Or, no, that was in February. And the Jerk's birthday had just passed. That was why they did that thing in bed that Danny didn't particularly like.

It was a mystery. But he figured he would find out soon enough. Another customer came in and Danny offered a smile as she approached his section. He helped her buy a new phone and helped her activate it. He killed a little more time in the store, helping customers pay their bills and answering the phone, until finally it was time to go home. He helped Isaak lock up, waved to Jaime as they crossed paths on the way to their cars, and drove back to the basement apartment he shared with the Jerk.

On the way, he called Casey. "Hey. I'm off, so dinner can be whenever you want."

"Okey-dokey. Hey, you know my roommates? Surge?"

"George and Suzanne, right? The squares."

"Yeah. You think they peg? Like Suzanne does George with a strap-on, calls him bitch?"

"If they did, they'd find a way to make it vanilla."

Casey laughed. "God, that's sad. But true. Okay. I'm going to dress up and I'll meet you at Branlette's in about an hour."

"Okay, see you there."

The Jerk was actually out of bed and dressed, sitting on the couch and watching X-Men for what had to be the thirtieth time. Danny bent down as he passed and kissed the Jerk on top of the head. "Hey. We're going to Branlette's in about an hour. Think you should start getting ready?"

"I am ready."

Danny turned and examined his outfit. "An old Tremors T-shirt and faded jeans does not constitute dressing up."

"What? They're clean." He sniffed the T-shirt.

Danny shook his head. "Something that buttons. With a real collar. Keep fighting and I'll make you wear a tie and a blazer."

"Then how will Casey recognize me?"

"She'll recognize me and she'll think I finally traded up for a new boy toy. Hurry up and get ready, please." He took a nice shirt and tie out of his closet and went into the bathroom to change. He undressed and took a quick shower to get the day off of him, applied a nice lather of body wash, soaped up twice, and cupped his cock to wash off any residue from his earlier masturbation.

His cock, the traitor, reacted to his touch and he closed his eyes. One soapy hand traveled along the underside, the other cupping his balls. He moved his feet apart and began thrusting with his hips. Then... he stopped. He let his cock, hard and thick, hang between his legs as he finished bathing and stepped out of the shower. His cock wouldn't go back to fully flaccid, he knew from experience, and later that night he would release all the pent-up energy with the Jerk. It was a way to make up for not helping him out that morning. He was already tingling from anticipation.

Danny shaved and splashed on some cologne. He brushed his teeth and glanced at the clock. Only thirty-five minutes that time. He was getting better at hurrying. When he left the bathroom, the Jerk had changed into a button-down type shirt and slacks. His hair was sloppy but combed.

"Well? Verdict?"

"Very, very fuckable." He leaned down and kissed the Jerk's lips. "If you're good, I'll prove it when we get home. Come on, let's go. I want to get there early."

They turned everything off and Danny locked the door when they left. He put his arm around the Jerk as they left the apartment and went out to the car. Mrs. Lawrence was just starting up the driveway when they approached Danny's car, and she wagged a finger at the Jerk. "You didn't put away your toys when you were done, young man." She winked and waved goodbye as she went back up to the house.

Danny looked at the Jerk, who was blushing bright red. "So you weren't kidding."

"I wish I was. But hey, I got us fifty bucks off next months rent. For masturbating."

"Awesome. Maybe if we let her watch us we'll get a free month."

The Jerk said, "Don't say that where she can hear you. She might not know you're joking."

"Who's joking?" He blew a kiss at the Jerk over the top of the car and got behind the wheel.

The drive to Branlette's took them twenty minutes. Casey was waiting outside the restaurant, wearing an olive drab safari shirt and trousers that flared around her legs. Danny was suspicious as soon as he saw her; the Jerk was the biggest slob he'd ever seen, but Casey ran him a close second. He though she'd even done her hair for the occasion. Something was definitely up.

He parked and walked with the Jerk to the front of the restaurant. Casey saw them coming and hurried over. "Hey, studs. You guys look hot." She pointed at the Jerk. "Did you take him shopping or something?"

"No, they just look knew because they've never been worn."

"If we're done with the roast portion of the evening, can we please go inside and get something to eat?"

Casey stepped between them and laced her arms around theirs. They walked into the restaurant together and Casey asked for a table for three. The hostess led them through the restaurant and they took a table in the far corner of the restaurant. Danny sat with his back to the main dining room, facing Casey with the Jerk sitting between them. There was a fogged-glass lantern in the center of the table and the dim lights in the corner made for a very intimate dining experience.

The waitress took their drink orders and hurried off to fill them. Danny leaned back and looked suspiciously at Casey. "Well, here we are. I suppose you're going to tell us that you burned down the record store. Or maybe that you're moving to France to study mime. Hey, that would actually be good. Be nice to have some peace and quiet for a little bit."

"Hardy-har. I have no news to convey." She seemed to reconsider it. "Well, except for... you know Marcia from work?" They nodded. "I'm pretty sure I'm going over to her place tomorrow and we're going to fuck."

The Jerk choked on his complimentary water. The waitress, who had just returned with their drinks, froze by Danny's right shoulder. Casey smiled beatifically at her.

"What's the matter, honey? Never heard of lesbians? Or do you just want to join us?"

The waitress quickly delivered their drinks and fled with a mumbled promise to be back to take their order.

"Well done, Casey."

She performed a mock bow without getting out of her seat. She was slouched, and Danny was about to tell her to sit up straight when he suddenly felt her foot running along the inside of his leg. His eyes widened and he shook his head rapidly at her. She grinned and shrugged as if she didn't know what he was talking about. Danny glanced at the Jerk, who remained oblivious to what was going on due to his examination of the menu. Casey ended up with her foot between Danny's thighs, the arch pressed against his once-again hard cock.

Of all the nights to give myself a head start... He remembered past evenings ruined by Casey's 'impulsiveness.' Apparently women could only give head under a restaurant table in the movies; in real life it tended to attract far too much attention and get the participants kicked out before completion. She pressed harder against him, sliding lower in the seat and biting her bottom lip as she rubbed.

"So, Jerk. How have things been going with you?"

"Pretty good." He was scanning the menu. "Had an insane morning, but the afternoon was pretty quiet. How was the store?"

"You know. Masturbated while Marcia watched me, then we fingered each other after we closed the store. I kissed her. It was great." She kept her eyes locked on Danny as she spoke, her foot still moving against his crotch. She knew that he had a foot fetish; it was like kryptonite to him. The one part of a woman's body that he truly found erotic was the foot. Kissing the arch, sucking the big toe... he closed his eyes as Casey's foot moved across the bulge in his trousers. It was like she'd burned away the material of his pants and underwear, like her sock wasn't even there.

Danny knew he was blushing like a madman, so he folded his menu and took a drink of water. "I need to visit the bathroom. Be right back."

Casey pulled out her cell phone as he left the table and, a few seconds later, he heard the Jerk's cell phone ring with the specific tone he'd assigned to Casey. He wasn't surprised; Casey had a bad habit of texting people she was sitting right next to. It was the new whisper, a way to say something without everyone in the room overhearing. He found the bathroom in a small corridor off the kitchen. He pushed through the door, already unzipping his pants as he went around the brick partition between the door and the actual bathroom.

"Don't stop..."

He froze and backed up a step, bending at the waist to see two pairs of legs in one of the stalls.

"Someone came in."

"I don't care. I'm close... don't stop."

Danny moved toward the stall as quietly as possible. He put one hand into the fly of his trousers and squeezed his cock as he leaned in and peered through the crack of the door. There were two men, a platinum blonde and a younger dark-haired man. The older man had his back to the door, his pants sagging. The younger man was kneeling in front of him. He put his hand on his lover's hip, and the blonde man started thrusting his hips. He rolled his head back and groaned, and Danny's eyes widened as he backed away from the door.

A few seconds later, the stall door opened and both men stepped out. The blonde man straightened the collar of his shirt and nodded casually at Danny. The younger man, a waiter judging by his outfit, sheepishly followed and went to the sink. Both men washed their hands quickly and splashed their faces. The blonde man left first, and the waiter glanced at the bulge in Danny's trousers.

"I still have ten minutes on my break--"

"No. Thanks, though."

The waiter shrugged, wiped his hands on a paper towel, and left Danny alone. Danny exhaled and splashed his face, trying hard not to think about what he had just witnessed. Of course... if he wanted inspiration for an amazing night with the Jerk, he had it in spades. And Casey's foot, well, that could just help keep the fire stoked until he was able to do something about it. He wiped his face with a paper towel and left the bathroom.

Casey was laughing when he returned to the table, and the Jerk was staring blankly at a spot on the wall in front of him. He looked extremely red, his eyes wide, and his lips hanging slightly parted as he held the cell phone to his ear. Casey was having a grand old time, chuckling helplessly as she watched him. Danny sat down and stared at his boyfriend. "What the hell did you do to him?"

Casey plucked the phone from the Jerk's hand. He protested quietly and watched as the phone was passed to Danny. Danny put the phone to his ear and heard Casey speaking.

"--wish we could have done it right this morning. You and me laying side by side in bed, stroking while we could touch each other. I'd squeeze your balls while you stroked. Maybe pinch your nipples. And then while we were playing with each other, maybe Danny could come in and watch a bit. Cause you know what? Danny's... not... my... brother."

Danny's eyes widened just like the Jerk's had, but the blood drained from his face.

Casey grinned. "This is his third time listening to it."

"She's not your sister?" The Jerk had finally found his voice.

Casey rested her chin on her fist. "We watched each other jerk off this morning. Only he didn't get any satisfaction because, tsk, I kind of ruined it for him. So I thought that if he knew the truth, then maybe the three of us could have a little fun tonight." There was a wicked gleam in her eye. "What do you say, Danny-boy? You, me and the Jerk? Sexing it up good tonight?"

"What do you... I-I mean, what's..." He looked between Casey and the Jerk.

"She's not your sister." The Jerk was still repeating it.

"The plan is that you guys get busy while I watch. And if you want, and he wants, then me and the Jerk can have some fun while you're doing him." She shrugged. "Everybody wins. You said that if you ever had a bisexual boyfriend that we could share."

"That was a joke!" Danny was surprised at how shrill his voice sounded.

The Jerk waved his hands. "Wait. So you guys have had sex?"

"Oh, yeah."

Danny said, "A long time ago."

Casey said, "Look, it's not that big a deal, right? I've seen both of your cocks. You've both seen me mostly naked. If this doesn't work out, we can forget it ever happened. If it does work out, well, our Saturdays will get a hell of a lot more interesting."

Danny looked at the Jerk and saw neutrality. He was willing to go along with whatever Danny decided on the situation with no hard feelings either way. He thought about everything he'd been through with Casey. The time before he came out and she'd walked in on him sucking one of her dildos, the way she had taken his sexuality in stride when he announced it. The random blow job she'd given him on one birthday when he was single, telling him that people needed love on their birthday even if the gender was wrong. If any relationship could survive this experiment, it was theirs.

As for the Jerk... he was bisexual. He knew that he got hot watching women in porn. But he was in a relationship with a guy. Were there things he missed about being with a girl? Maybe this was the perfect way for the Jerk to get the best of both worlds. And, again, if he was going to invite anybody into his relationship, it would be Casey. She would understand where the lines were and she would never try to push them or cross them.

Maybe it was the hard-on talking, but the idea wasn't all that crazy.

He lifted his hand for the waitress. "Check, please."

He paid for their drinks and they left the restaurant together. Casey said she would follow them in her car and practically skipped across the parking lot. Danny looked at the Jerk as they walked back to their car. "You okay with this?"

"Uh, yeah. She's... really not your sister?"

"No, she's not. Here, you drive." He handed over the keys and went to the passenger side of the car. They got inside and the Jerk pulled out of the spot. Danny cupped his hard cock, wondering if he'd woken up inside of a porno. That would certainly explain a lot of what had happened today. He watched Casey's car pull up behind them and she flashed the lights to let them know she was there.

Danny cleared his throat. "What was Casey talking about? This morning."

Even in the light of the console, he could tell the Jerk was blushing. "When you so lovingly shouted that I had been masturbating, Casey demanded to watch. She wanted to watch a guy jack off. And I've always thought she was hot, so I... showed her. After you left, we tried masturbating together. She got off, but I didn't. Because she's your sister."

"Damn." He reached over and ran his hand through the Jerk's hair. "You should have told me. I could have called in to work and we could have had a very nice day."

The Jerk shuddered and looked down at Danny's lap. "Take it out. Let me see how hard you are." His hands tightened on the steering wheel.

Danny unzipped his pants and tugged his underwear down. He guided his cock out of the fly and let it stand at attention. The Jerk glanced down, swallowed hard, and said, "You gotta keep it up until we get home. Stroke it a little. So... you and Casey, huh?"

"Yeah. For a while. She was my last girlfriend before I realized why I kept going through girlfriends like they were tissues." He licked his lips as he stroked. "So you and Casey, huh? That's not going to be weird?"

"Well, I'm not going to have to watch you two do anything. Right? I mean, I'd watch. But I don't think you--"

"No. But I'll, uh... I'll put on a show for her. And then you and she--" He smiled. "I never thought about that, but damn. Damn, I really want to see it."

The Jerk smiled as he pulled onto their street. Danny started to put his cock back into his pants, but the Jerk shook his head. "Don't. Leave it out."

"Mrs. Lawrence might be--"

"Too bad."

Danny groaned. "You're evil."

They parked in the driveway, and Casey parked in the street to avoid blocking them in. When they got out, Casey was already hurrying up the lawn. Her eyes were drawn to the sight sticking out of Danny's pants and she stooped to address it directly. "Oh, I remember you. Hey there, sparky. You're gonna have some fun tonight."

She grabbed it, making Danny grunt, and used it as a lead to guide him to the basement entrance. The Jerk followed. Casey looked over her shoulder as Danny used trembling fingers to unlock the door. "Hey, Jerk. You're okay with this, right? The whole not-siblings thing?"

"Sure. Now it's just like role play. Sexy role play."

Casey laughed as the door got opened. She pushed Danny inside, let the Jerk join him, and closed the door as she followed. She shut and locked the door, and then she leaned against the door and stared at the two boys. Danny and the Jerk looked at each other, and then at her. "What do we do, just...?"

Casey pointed at Danny. "Jerk. Kiss him. If you do a good job, I'll take off my shirt."

The Jerk stepped closer, obviously nervous about having an audience. Danny turned toward him and leaned in. The Jerk put one hand on the back of Danny's head, the other on his hip, and they kissed. It was awkward at first but they quickly forgot that Casey was there and just kissed normally. The Jerk parted his lips and Danny swept his tongue across them. The Jerk moved his hand from Danny's hip and took his cock reverently in his hand, gently stroking it in the same rhythm he was using to suck Danny's tongue.

Before he could get lost in the kiss, the Jerk pulled back and looked at Casey. She had her shirt halfway unbuttoned to reveal a lacy black bra, along with her flat stomach. She smiled and bit her lip as she pulled the shirt off her shoulders. "Good boys," she said softly. There was no playing in her voice now. She tossed the shirt toward the table and moved closer to them. She turned around and looked at the Jerk over her shoulder. "Undo my bra, please?"

The Jerk glanced at Danny, who nodded that it was okay. He let go of Danny's cock and reached up to unhook her bra. She pulled it away and crossed her arms over her breasts before she turned to face them again. "Daniel, be a dear and undo my pants for me."

Danny stroked the Jerk's face, and then reached down to stroke Casey's smooth stomach. He popped the button on her trousers and they collapsed like a tent, billowing as they passed over her legs. She was wearing tiny black underwear, the most girlish pair he'd ever seen her in, and he looked at the Jerk. He seemed mesmerized. Danny put a finger on his chin and made him look up.

"Focus, babe."

"Yeah. Sorry."

They kissed again and the Jerk leaned in to him. Danny was aware of Casey moving around them, settling on the couch, but it was like something happening in another room. He moved his hands to the collar of the Jerk's shirt and began undoing the buttons slowly. The Jerk responded by stroking him, rubbing his thumb over the tip of his cock. Danny broke the kiss and the Jerk began kissing down his neck. Danny looked to the couch and saw--

--Casey was watching them. Two beautiful men making out inches away from her was one of her biggest fantasies coming true. She had originally covered her breasts as a tease, but now she had her left breast cupped in her hand so she could knead the nipple between her thumb and index finger. She was sitting against the arm of the chair, one leg lifted so she could be turned to watch the show. She had her other hand on her thigh, the fingers gently stroking higher and higher as she watched the boys undress each other.

Danny pushed the Jerk's shirt off, revealing his chest again. She wondered why she had never noticed just how hot Danny's boyfriend was before that morning. Better late than never. She cleared her throat and the Jerk looked at her with a sort of lusty haze in his eyes. "I need to see some cocks, gentlemen."

The Jerk let go of Danny's cock and moved his hand to the waistband of his own pants. They came undone, and Danny stepped back until the front of his left shoulder was pressed against the back of the Jerk's right. He pushed down the Jerk's underwear, revealing his thick, heavy cock, and he immediately wrapped his fingers around the shaft as the boxer shorts fell. The Jerk put his hand on Danny's cock and the two lovely young half-naked men began stroking each other for her. The Jerk was watching her, and Danny was watching the Jerk.

She felt like some sort of queen with a performing harem. Her mind raced as she tried to think about what she wanted to see them do first. A blow job? Should they skip straight to the main event? Then she realized that this wasn't just about her. She locked eyes with the Jerk and smiled. "What do you want me to do?"

"Let me see your breasts."

Easy enough. She dropped her arms and arched her back to make her average-sized breasts look slightly bigger. The Jerk took a deep breath and then leaned back against Danny. They kissed, their arms moving in concert with each other. She watched them, unable to resist comparing their erections. The Jerk was bigger than Danny, just slightly. Danny had bigger balls, and they hung invitingly down between his legs.

The Jerk broke the kiss and Danny kissed his earlobe. The Jerk nodded at Casey. "Take off your panties and touch yourself."

His voice was forceful, and Casey found herself even more turned on. "Oh, yes, sir." She hooked her thumbs in the waistband and raised her lower body, sliding the panties down and off. She spread her legs and grinned, trying to hide how nervous she was as she used her fingers to spread her sex open. The Jerk's breath hitched and stuttered, and he swallowed hard as he began pumping Danny's cock harder.

I can't believe this is really happening. I'm going to watch these boys fuck each other. They're going to put a show on just for me. Her heart was pounding.

"I love you guys."

The Jerk looked surprised, but Danny just smiled and nibbled on the Jerk's earlobe. "Love you too, sweetheart. Forgot how sweet you looked."

"Coming from you, that's a huge compliment." She giggled nervously, took a deep breath, and licked her lips. "All right. To the bed. Get on the bed."

They had to separate to move, and Casey stared at their cocks as they walked. They were fully erect and they bounced with each step. The Jerk bent down and gave her a lingering kiss as he passed, and then Danny kissed the corners of her mouth. She trembled at being kissed by two men in such quick succession. She stood up and sat on the arm of the couch as Danny sat on the bed, bracing himself on one arm as he looked up at his lover. The Jerk bent at the waist and cupped Danny's face, kissing him before standing up straight.

"Wait, wait..." Casey slipped off the arm of the couch and moved toward the bed. She looked around for the best spot from which to view a blow job. She wanted front row seats for this. Hell, she wanted a camera phone. Eventually she pulled the pillows and blanket off the bed and made a little nest against the wall. She sat on the floor and put her feet flat, her knees bent, and put her hand over her center as she nodded for the boys to continue.

Danny slid his hand up the inside of the Jerk's leg, kissing his stomach as he took the heavy ball sack into his palm. He kissed down, pressing his lips to the base of the Jerk's cock before using his free hand to lift it. Casey was finding it hard to catch her breath, watching as Danny's tongue slid along the side and down to the head. He opened his eyes and looked right at her as he took it into his mouth with a moan.

Casey closed her eyes and began moving her fingers against herself. She wanted to last at least as long as they did. She opened her eyes, realizing that she was missing a great show. The Jerk was stroking Danny's hair, chin on his chest as he watched Danny go down on him. He pulled back and swirled his tongue around the tip, and Casey stared at the saliva shining on the rounded tip. This was what she had fantasized about since Danny came out to her. She gave him understanding and she was there for him, but a part of her ached to actually watch. It was such a kink of hers to watch two guys together. She had a couple of DVDs shamefully stashed in her bedroom that she only brought out when she was sure she would have a lot of time without George or Suzanne in the house.

The real thing was different. So much better than she would ever have imagined. And the Jerk's cock! That magnificent specimen of a male penis! She had first seen it less than twenty-four hours ago and already she was in love with it. She wanted to send it flowers, take it on walks in the park, and write love poems to it.

She was using two fingers on herself, moving slowly. The Jerk looked over at her, met her eyes and then down to her hand. She watched as Danny moved a hand to his own lap, stroking himself to keep his cock hard while he continued his blow job. She didn't know what to watch, switching from Danny's mouth to his hand and back again. She had her free hand on her breast, squeezing it gently and rolling the nipple again.

The Jerk pushed Danny down onto the bed and kissed his chest, licking and sucking his nipples before going down to his stomach. He had his hand on Danny's cock, stroking it as he moved closer and closer to it. He guided it up and captured it with his mouth, sucking hard and hungrily as he teased Danny's balls and moved lower. He extended a finger and Danny's lower body arched off the bed. The Jerk moaned around his mouthful of Danny's cock, teasing him with a second finger now.

"Can I play?" Casey asked. She hadn't meant to speak, worried about ruining the moment, but Danny motioned her over. She put her hand over her crotch and got up, taking two steps to kneel next to Danny on the bed. The Jerk lifted his head, Danny's hard cock resting against his wet lips as he looked at her. Casey took a mental snapshot of what she was seeing and then leaned in to kiss him. His lips were soft, his tongue gentle as it eased between her lips. Danny stroked her naked hip, and the Jerk put his hand on her left breast where she was sure he could feel her pounding heart.

She leaned back and stretched across the bed as the Jerk took Danny's cock back into his mouth. She and Danny were side by side, their hips and arms touching. Casey stroked her pubic hair, keeping her fingers away from the most sensitive spots to make her pleasure last. She was starting to tremble. The Jerk was alternating between gaping at her body and staring up at Danny's. He put his hand on her thigh and she was almost undone. His other hand kneaded Danny's balls.

"Remember what it tastes like?" Danny was watching her with half-lidded eyes. She could only nod. He looked down and said, "Why don't you help him out?"

Casey's eyes widened. "I-I can't. You don't--"

"You're different. Please. I want to feel you both..."

Casey gulped. She shifted, her hand feeling permanently glued between her legs. She wasn't so arrogant now, and this was more than just a game. She kissed Danny's stomach and moved lower, lifting her head and watching the Jerk's lips move along the length of his dick. Right in front of her. She could smell them both, could feel the wash of the Jerk's breath as it plumed along Danny's lower body. She tilted her head, twisted on the mattress so she could rest her torso on Danny's hip, and kissed the base of his cock for the first time since they were in high school.

She kissed her way up until she met the Jerk's mouth, and she followed him up and pressed a kiss to his cock head. The Jerk kissed it at the same time, their lips meeting with Danny's cock caught between their tongues. There was a drop of pre-come on the tip and she lapped it up, the memory of the taste coming back vividly. She remembered giving him his first blow job in the backseat of her car, desperately trying to keep him hard long enough so he could orgasm. She had almost been crying because she thought she was doing it wrong. But he'd stroked her hair and assured her it wasn't her fault.

He finally came, eyes closed, when a Bon Jovi song came on the radio. She quickly figured out that a fantasy about Jon (or maybe Richie) had more to do with the orgasm than she did. But she savored her mouthful of come like a trophy before she forced herself to swallow it (not her favorite flavor ever).

And here she was again. His boyfriend was doing the work and she was reaping the benefits. She had never, not once, gotten Danny this hard. She ran her tongue up and down his length while the Jerk sucked the tip. She took Danny's balls in her hands and felt his hand running up and down her back, down to her hip and up to her shoulder, and she trembled as his palm passed over her. The Jerk put his hand in her hair and she released Danny to touch the Jerk's chest and tease his nipples.

The Jerk moved down and whispered in her ear. "Are you wet?"

"Uh huh." Her voice was desperate.

He swallowed loud enough that she could hear. He kissed her temple and then her neck, and she rolled her body to give him more room to move. Danny slipped out from underneath them and cleared his throat. "Okay... h-here. C'mere, Casey."

She reluctantly pulled herself away from the Jerk. Danny directed her to lie down in the center of the bed as he pulled something out of the nightstand. His hands were on the mattress, his knees on the floor, a position made less awkward by the fact the mattress was also on the floor. The Jerk put his hand on her left thigh, while Danny touched her right. They parted her legs together and Danny made a quick, subtle motion with his head.

The Jerk knelt between her legs and she couldn't stop herself from whimpering. He looked down at her. "Is this okay? We can stop--"

"No! No, it's fine, it's fine. Please. I want you."

The Jerk took a condom from Danny and ripped it open with his teeth. She watched, eyes wide and lips pressed together until they looked white, and reached out to take it from him. She took his cock in her hand, finally holding that magnificent erection, and rolled the condom onto it. She squeezed the base and he moved forward. He braced his hands on the mattress under her arms, and she smiled at him, trying to blink as little as possible.

He put the tip of his cock against her and she put her hands on his hips. He kept his eyes on hers as he sank into her, and they both groaned. This was what she had really been fantasizing about all day. This was why she'd assaulted herself (and Marcia) so much. She had a thing for gay guys, as evidenced by the fact she had spent so long with Danny even after the obvious became clear, and the Jerk was the best of both worlds. A guy who liked guys and girls. And now, here it was, her fantasy was coming true.

She held onto him, her toes curling in their sheets as the Jerk pushed all the way into her and--

--The Jerk moved carefully into Casey, stopping only when he was fully inside of her. She was tight, and he groaned as she squeezed his cock with well-trained muscles. He closed his eyes, knowing that he could come given very little provocation. He watched as Danny knelt beside the bed, his cock standing up like an anti-aircraft weapon watching the skies. The head was swollen and red, his balls tight underneath. The Jerk's mouth was dry and he looked down at Casey.

She really was gorgeous. Perfect body, breasts just right for his hand to cup, and that face... she smiled at him, blushing deep red and obviously right on the verge. He returned the smile and looked over to see Danny had put on a condom and was lubing it up as he climbed back onto the bed. "Ready, babe?" Danny whispered as he kissed the Jerk's arm.

"Y-yeah... hurry..."

Danny knelt behind him. The Jerk relaxed and ran his hand down Casey's side. She shivered. The Jerk closed his eyes as he felt Danny press against him from behind. Danny ran the knuckle of his middle finger down the Jerk's back, and the Jerk's entire body arched like a cat being touched in the sweet spot. He relaxed and then, with gentle pressure, Danny was inside of him. They both groaned, and the movement forced the Jerk to press tighter against Casey. She rocked her hips forward to meet them.

The Jerk held still, letting his body adjust to having Danny inside, and then he pushed back. His cock slipped from Casey a centimeter at a time, forcing Danny deeper at the same time. He'd thought about this, dreamed about this, masturbated about this, but he had never once thought it would ever happen in real life. Who would ever imagine he'd find two people as twisted as he was to pull it off? But he'd hit the gold mine with Danny and Casey.

Casey lifted her right leg and rested it on the Jerk's shoulder. Danny smiled and kissed the arch of her foot, moving his lips up to kiss and suck her toes. Casey moaned, and the Jerk felt Danny's cock throb as he kissed the dainty foot. He smiled; Danny might be gay, but he loved a woman's foot. He turned his head and kissed her ankle before Casey dropped her leg, sacrificing Danny's fetish for her own leverage.

Somehow they managed to figure out a rhythm without using words. Danny would thrust, pushing the Jerk into Casey as she pushed back. He felt like a cog in a machine, but in the greatest way possible. Casey squeezed him, her hands on his hips in an attempt to guide him, and Danny reached down and laced their fingers together. They both squeezed and he felt eight fingers and four thumbs on either side of his torso. Pressing into him, fingerprinting his skin, and he rolled his head back. Danny--

--leaned down and kissed the Jerk's neck, breathing deeply to inhale his scent. He looked down at Casey; lovely and beautiful and understanding Casey who had been there in good times and bad. She could have hated him, could have made him miserable, but she became his rock. She made it okay for him to be himself, and that had led to this. It led to the Jerk. He owed her for everything and he hoped this evening was a step toward thanking her.

He also hoped it was the first night of many. He'd never imagined sharing the Jerk, sharing anyone he was with really, but this felt right. This felt like making up for so much lost time when he and Casey were pretending to be brother and sister. He'd thought he was meant to be with the Jerk, but that wasn't it. The three of them were meant to be with each other. As strange as it seemed, he had gotten his brain around it. He would have the Jerk, and the Jerk would have Casey, and she would have both of them.

Casey was moaning now, rocking her shoulders against the mattress and grinding her hips against the Jerk's. Her upper chest was bright red, and her eyes were squeezed tightly shut. It was in that moment Danny realized that she had faked every orgasm she'd ever had with him, but it didn't matter. Okay, it mattered a little. But the important thing was that she wasn't faking now. Her thighs tightened around the Jerk's, her body bent until only her head and feet were in contact with the bed, and then she collapsed like a tranquilizer dart had hit her in the ass. Just down, limp, shuddering and gasping her release as she turned to press her cheek against her shoulder.

The sight of her coming did him in. He pressed tight against the Jerk, whispering in his ear before pulling out. The Jerk pulled out as well, moving to position himself on Casey's left while Danny knelt on her right side. Casey grinned. "Oh, God, are you guys gonna do that porn thing?"

They pulled off their condoms and Casey sat up. She guided Danny's cock to her mouth first, skimming her lips over the wide head as she pulled the Jerk closer. She rubbed their cock heads together and both men groaned as she wrapped her lips around them both. She stroked them both, and Danny pulled back and came in her mouth. The Jerk arched his back and spilled his come on her lips, chin, and on Danny. Casey licked up as much as she could, but she knew a fair amount had fallen on her chin and chest.

Casey--

--collapsed back on the mattress, and the Jerk and Danny stretched out on either side of her. She stared at the ceiling as the Jerk stroked her hip, Danny reaching across her to stroke the Jerk's side. Her entire body was still sensitive, her thighs still quivering from her orgasm. "So is this going to be, like... I don't know, like..."

"A regular thing?" The Jerk bent down to kiss her shoulder.

"Yeah. I guess. Is it?"

Danny shrugged and propped himself up on one elbow. "Well, the ice has been broken. If you keep coming over here like you own the place it would be awkward if we didn't fool around once in a while. If you can pull yourself away from our video games, that is."

Casey laughed. "Trust me, this is much better than video games." She took their shrinking cocks in their hands, stopping them from becoming fully flaccid. "Better joysticks."

The Jerk chuckled and bent down to kiss her lips, then stretched across her to kiss Danny. Casey pushed up toward the pillows, tucking her legs up and moving around the Jerk. Danny broke the kiss. "Hey, where do you think you're going?"

"Unless one of you has a pee fetish, I need to go in the other room for a second."

Danny wrinkled his nose. "You're so disgusting. Go, go."

She climbed out of bed, which involved more contorting than she anticipated - getting her legs situated, planting her feet on the floor and then unfolding herself - and walked on the balls of her feet to the bathroom. She felt suddenly self-conscious about being naked in their apartment, but she wasn't going to let it get to her.

Casey closed the bathroom door and ran the water in the sink. She did her ablutions, washing her face and chest before cleaning her thighs. She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled. She used the toilet, resisted the urge to wrap herself in a towel, and trotted back into the main room. Danny and the Jerk were lying together, kissing tenderly, idly stroking each other's bodies. They were hard again and Casey bit her lip as she leaned against the wall. She put a hand between her legs, the skin supple from her recent washing.

Danny opened his eyes and saw her. She winked at him and he smiled.

"Hey," she said, a thought suddenly occurring to her. "Can I still go over and fuck Marcia tomorrow?"

"I may be gay, but I'm a red-blooded American male. I'm not going to stand in the way of girl on girl. Now get over here and get a front row seat."

Casey smiled and walked over. "Wow. You guys are good to go again already?"

The Jerk winked at her. "Call us inspired."

She sat at the foot of the bed, her legs folded underneath her. She rubbed herself gently focusing on where the boys touched and the sounds they made. Danny kissed the Jerk's neck while the Jerk gently stroked Danny's cock. Casey didn't mean to, but she whimpered as she pressed her middle finger inside herself. She cupped her breast with the other hand, rocking against her fingers as she pinched her nipple, mimicking the Jerk's movements and responding to the thrust of Danny's hips.

Casey dropped to the mattress, her head on the Jerk's hip. She reached up and teased Danny's balls, making him groan with pleasure. Her hand slid further, her other hand still moving between her legs as she teased Danny's ass. He arched his back and Casey moved her head as he came on the Jerk's hand.

Casey blushed, grinned, and rolled over to lap it up. She tightened her thighs around her hand and came again.

"Oh, yeah. Much better than video games."

#

The Jerk woke up with morning wood.

He sighed and covered his face. "Not again..."

A small hand wrapped around his cock, while another teased his balls. He froze, and then his lips slowly curled into a grin. It was shaping up to be a good day already.