Humiliated at the Park
bymyoddnewlife©

Hello everyone, in case you didn't read either of my last entries here's a little back story on me. I am a very shy 26 year old woman, I am 5'2" and 105 lbs. My bra size is 34C, and I have shoulder length reddish brown hair. Up until recently I have had a very normal sex life, no one had even seen me naked until I was married (yup virgin bride). In fact a crazy night for me before was if my husband, who I will call Josh, and I switched positions so I was on top! 

So you may be asking, how did I go from that to this? I did it for my marriage and I stand by my choice. Josh was in a very unhappy mood for a while and I finally got him to tell me what was wrong. Josh admitted to me that he has felt unfulfilled with our sex life. He mentioned that he did not feel like he would ever be able to realize his sexual fantasies with me.

Not long ago, in an attempt to help my marriage, I read a healthy marriage book that had a portion that said for a relationship to truly work, both partners must try to fulfill the other's sexual needs. At the time I didn't know sex was a problem. I really wanted Josh to be happy again so I took the book's advice and prepared for the worst. I let josh know that he could be open with me, and even though I wasn't very experienced I would do my best to fulfill his needs no matter what they were. 

One of his desires was for me to write about my experiences, being completely honest on how they make me feel and post them on the net so he could read the comments it gets with me, so here I go again on my next "adventure" as Josh calls them.

For all the people who have commented on my stories saying hurtful things about my husband, know this, I am happy. I get gifts for no reason, I get random kisses whenever he is around, Josh brings me flowers and cuddles up close to watch movies, he tells me a thousand times a day how much he loves me, he holds me close and I feel that love. Josh asks my opinion on everything and is always willing to watch a chick flick with me, or even go shopping. And most importantly he is happy, every day, no matter how rough his day was, he comes home to me with a smile on his face. So if all all I need to do for all that is to fulfil his fantasies and feel some humiliation I gladly accept it.

For this "adventure" Josh asked me if I would go for a run with him somewhere new today. At first I didn't realise this was an adventure because we go running together almost every morning. It became apparent what he was after when he brought out an outfit and said "I would like it if you could wear this on our run" as he handed me the outfit adding "Oh, and no undies." 

I put on the outfit as Josh began to get ready as well. It didn't take me long since there was nothing to this outfit. The top was a loose fitting halter top with oddly very long straps that tied around the back of my neck and hung half way down my back. The neck line plunged down between my breasts exposing my unsupported cleavage. The bottom of my shirt hung down about three inches below my breasts and wraped loosely behind my back. Giving a tiny peak of the top outermost curve of my breasts from the side.

My bottom was a tiny pink cotton mini skirt with a strange phrase on the back of it; it said 'I dare you' with a winking smiley face. It was soft with a stretchy waist that hung loosely just below my butt if I wore the skirt low enough on my hips.

I put on my running shoes and looked in the mirror. I immediately thought 'how am I going to run in this?' My skirt was so short and loose that it was sure to flop up and down as I ran, flashing small bits of me in the process. My top was just losely covering my breasts which would surely cause them to be exposed a little at a time as I bounce up and down with no support. But this was supposed to be humiliating after all so I took a deep breath and just hoped for somewhere secluded.

Just then I heard Josh asking someone "Is everthing still a go?" then he said aftet a pause "We're leaving right now, see you there" and hung up.

I had no idea what was going on. I asked Josh who it was and he replied "You remember the girl from your grocery store adventure right? The one you called Elmo girl."

How could I forget her, she tormented me that day I thought. I was very worried on what she had to do with todays event.

Josh continued "Her name is Jenni (yes it's an I not a Y, kinda odd I thought) and her and some of her friends are going to make today a safer and more memorable day for us." As he told me a big grin grew on his face as mine became stunned with fear.

Josh chuckled a little at my expression and added "I would like it if you would follow the same rule as we set in the grocery store, no matter what happens don't touch your clothes in any way. Also as another rule if anyone asks you if they can do anything involving your clothes you must agree to it, ok?" 

I nodded my head feeling my nerves building up.

Lastly he mentioned "I would really like to try something again that didn't work in the mall in Italy." as he said this he pulled out an index card with very lage writing on both sides that said 'PULL HERE PLEASE!' He showed me the tag and safety pinned it to one of the straps on my shirt.

I was a little shocked and said "This top is not the same as the one in itlay, if the straps are pulled on this one my top will fall completely off, not just flutter in front of me."

Josh's smile drooped a little and he said "I know, that was kinda part of the plan; the area we are going will be safe, but if you don't want to go through with it I will understand."

I saw the excitement on his face draining and cursed myself for complaining, I quickly said "Of course I will do it, I will do anything for you my love." Holding hi face in my hand.

His smile returned and he held me tenderly and kissed me saying "I loved you babe more than anything in the world." Then he ran off to finish getting ready.

I just stood there for a minute scared sick hoping that like in Italy no one would pull the straps. I was also worried about what Josh said Jenni was going to be doing during this adventure.

I eventually gathered my courage and me and Josh headed out to the car.

It was a long trip and we eventually arrived at a park that was not far from where the grocery store "adventure" took place. I was a little worried at the number of cars in the lot, dispite it being a weekday morning. I also noticed a couple runners and bikers out on the path. Then I noticed something that scared me the most as we pulled into our parking spot. Jenni was running over to the car waving with a big smile on her face.

In case anyone forgot from my first "adventure", or didn't read it, Jenni is tall with dyed blond hair, a fit gym body, and a very unbashfull attitude. She made my "adventure" in the grocery store almost impossible to complete.

I was getting very nervous now. Josh parked and we both got out of the car. Jenni was right in front of the car by then. She was wearing a long sleved running shirt and tights, I envied her for her outfit and wished that was what I was wearing at that moment. 

Jenni looked to Josh and said with a big smile "Thank you so much for calling and letting me be a part of this. I had an awesome time at the grocery store and am so happy you included me in this, it is going to be so much fun!" 

He replied "no problem, thanks for your help today." 

Jenni skipped over to me and gave me a tight hug saying "It is so good to see you again, you are the most exciting person I know! I can't wait to start."

This kinda caught me off guard and I just replied "Um, thank you."

I had barely said the words when she excitedly asked "So, are you still not allowed to touch your clothes?" 

Before she even finished asking the question she quickly pulled up my shirt and scrunching it up over my breasts and leaving it there! I was horrified! My first reaction was to grab my shirt and pull it down but I controlled myself. We were still between some cars and no one had seen yet. I tried to stomp and shake my shoulders to get my shirt to fall with no success. 

Both Josh and Jenny were laughing histericaly at my futile efforts. 

I stood there hiding between the cars completely humiliated and eventually Jenni pulled my shirt down saying "Well I guess that answers that question. Today is going to be great!" 

Now I was terrefied! I was shivering a little as Josh worked out the specifics with Jenni, it is not to cold where I live but it is a little bit chilli this time of year and my anxiety wasn't helping. There was almost no wind which was nice, but the little there was caused the card on my neck strap to tap against my back, reminding me that at any moment on the run someone might come up behind me and cause my top to fall to the ground!

Once they were done Jenni asked someone on the phone "Is everyone ready and in possision?"

Josh explained that Jenni had people looking out for cops and security for us so we wouldn't have to worry about that. Then he asked me "Go ahead and take the lead I will follow behind. Go slow so people can get a chance to read the card as they pass you ok?"

I was shivering, both from the morning chill and from nerves so it felt good to start moving my muscles. I left the parking lot and headed down the path that Josh had pointed out. As soon as I began jogging I felt humiliated, the bouncing motion of my slow jog was causing my breasts to bounce around in my shirt, as well as slightly out if it. My breasts were just about popping out the middle or the sides with every stride. I could also feel my skirt flapping up and down behind me as I ran, it wasnt coming all the way up but still letting the bottoms of my cheeks peek through. Though what humiliated me the most was was the tag I felt at my back. There were a good amount of people at the park and it wouldn't be long before someone noticed the card and read what it said, then what? Would they have pitty on me? Or maybe they they would think from the tag and the writing on my skirt that I wanted them to pull it. I was so worried.

I had already passed two male runners who gave me very interested looks when I noticed a bike about to pass on my left but slow back down. I could hear it changing gears behind me. He was making pace with me so he could see the card on my back better. There was a woman running towards me in the distance and a couple on a bench up ahead on my right, if he pulled my strap now at least three people would see it immediately! I was breathing extra hard from fear, so worried at any moment I would feel a tug on my shirt strap and my top would fall to the ground exposing my bouncing breasts.

My fears were unfounded though, the biciclist sped back up and passed me by without disturbing my clothing. I was so relieved! I twisted around to glance back at Josh to see him jogging behind, still smiling. The sight made me happy but I jerked back forward immediately feeling a horrifying sensation. Trying to jog while twisting back like that caused my shirt to twist and my right breast to pop out the middle of my shirt. Once I straitened I found my breast was mostly out of the shirt with my entire nipple exposed. I shook my shoulders with no help, then I leaned forward low and wiggled a little and my shirt re-adjusted into possition. I looked up just in time to see the couple on the bench staring at me with their mouth open in shock.

I could feel the blood rush to my face but tried to look away and just run by.

Josh must have realized that being behind me wasn't getting him the best view because he caught up to me and told "Keep running slowly, in fact slow down a little more and bounce up and down more as you go. I am going to change spots and try to find vantage points as you run so I can see you from more angles ok?"

I just nodded, still a little ashamed from the shirt incident.

As Josh ran ahead I passed the female runner I saw coming towards me earlier. She gave me a very curious look as she passed.

After she passed another biker and a runner passed me from behind with no incident. At this point Jenni ran up beside me and said in a very mocking voice "People are being so boring, they are not making your run very interesting at all!"

I glared at her and worried where she was going with this.

She continued "Maybe you just aren't attracting enough attention?" With a sudden smile she added "I think I can help with that."

Before I knew what was happening Jenni pulled up my skirt a couple inches and rolled the waist over, shortening my skirt even more! Now the very bottom of my butt cheeks were permenantly uncovered and a lot more showed with every bounce I made.

I whimpered and looked to Josh, who was watching from up ahead, and he just smiled and mouthed 'I love you.' Just as I was about to beg Jenni to fix it she sprinted ahead to where Josh was. I hated her so much in that moment!

My anger was replaced by fear in the next moment as I heard heavy foot falls coming up fast behind me. As the sound got closer it slowed until it sounded like the person was right behind me. From the almost grunting breathing and very heavy sound of the foot steps I assumed it was a man, not a very good runner either by the sound of it. Again I was terrified that at any moment I would be toppless running in the park.

After a minute or so of anxiety the individual sped up and pulled up beside me. He looked to be in his fourties and was just a little overweight, he was sweating profusely and seemed to have a hard time catching his breath. He asked me nervously "Um miss, are you aware that you um, have a sign on your back telling people to uh, untie your top?"

I nodded in embarrassement, fearing what he might ask next, that I would have to agree to. 

Instead he seemed to be concerned, and asked "Why would you run with that there, you know someone might actually do it right?"

Not knowing exactly how to explain I remembered the grocery store and what people assumed. I told him with a shaky voice "I, uh lost a bet and this is part of what I must do because of it."

Now he looked a little curious and asked "Is that also why your, uh skirt is all hiked up?"

I said "Yes, someone pulled it up like that and I am not allowed to touch my clothes in any way or stop others from touching them."

He gave me a sympathetic look and told me "Here let me help you out a bit.

He grabbed my skirt, unrolled the top and slid it down on my hips so that it covered my butt. It may have been in my head but his fingers seemed to linger on my skin for a brief second, and he took a couple attempts scooting the skirt up and down to the desired fit.

When he was done I thanked him meekly and he said "Good luck, I hope for your sake that there are plenty of good people at this park today."

As he sped up and left me behind I felt considerably better. I was starting to get my hopes up that no one would end up untying my top just like in Italy.

A few other people passed me in both directions with nothing more interesting happening than me getting very nervous, it seemed that most people would slow down to read the tag but not actually pull it, or even ask about it. I was getting pretty confident in my fellow man. 

Another woman came up behind me next and she actually asked about the card, I told her about my immaginary lost bet, just like the last guy. She just looked at me very oddly, laughed and ran on ahead.

At this point Josh ran over looking a little less happy than he was when we started this fifteen minutes ago. He asked "What is happening exactly when people come up to you and talk to you?"

I told him about what I was saying and why the last two have said to me.

He laughed and said "I like the story about the lost bet, but do you think you could try to make people feel, you know, like it was ok if they wanted to pull your shirt cord, you know try not to make people feel to sympathetic towards you, if you can. I would just really love to see this plan play through, is that ok?"

I felt suddenly guilty, I was so afraid of losing my top that I forgot I was here for Josh. I replied nervously "I will try my best to make this happen for you."

Josh said "Thank you my love, you really are my dream come true!" Then he ran on ahead and watched from a distance.

I was very nervous now, how was I going to stop from making people feel guilty for humiliating me? All I knew was that I had to try not sound so "forced".

Just then I passed a biciclist with a big smile on her face pointing at my chest. I looked down to see one of my nipples had slipped out. I blushed red and shook my shoulders causing my shirt to fall back into place. I was so embarrassed and that was just a nipple.

Another runner and biciclist passed me from behind, allong with a couple from the front, without saying a word.

Jenni ran up to me and asked "how are you holding up?"

This caught me off guard. I just repied "Um ok I guess" despite the fact that I was a nervous wreck.

Then she surprised me even more and said "You know, I really admire what you are doing here, I don't know anyone who would do this for the person they love, it is truly inspiring."

I didn't know what to say to this so I just said "Oh, well thank you Jenni."

Jenni said "Don't mention it" and just before leaving gave me a big smile and said "Oh and don't worry with breasts like those I am sure someone will pull that top off in no time!" 

This really did worried me, sure I promised Josh to help make it happen but the idea of it actually happening still scared the hell out of me. 

A sort time later and after a couple more people passed me without incident, I heard another runner coming up behind me. My breathing kicked up and my heart started beating fast again. The person fell into pace behind me and then after a moment came up beside me.

It was an attractive woman in her thirties. She asked me, with an amused smile on her face "So whats up with the sign on your back?"

Trying my best not to make her feel sorry for me, I said "I lost a bet and now I have to run around this park wearing this card. I have to keep jogging at this slow pace and allow anyone to do whatever they want to my clothing, I cannot stop them or touch my clothes in any way." I gathered all my courage and added "So if you wanted to pull that cord I would not stop you." 

I braced myself for what might come next but she simply laughed, not taking the hint, and asked, of all things, "What was the bet over that was so important to be worth betting such high stakes?"

I was at a loss, I had never thought about it before, I never thought anyone would ask. I studdered out bur he first thing I could think of "It was a race, I um, I am very competitive and I was a bit cocky so I told I would do anything she could think of if I lost."

She did not look like she believed me but she let it go with a long drawn out "ok then". Then she asked me curiously "So if I pulled this strap here, you are telling me you would just let your top fall to the ground and keep jogging for all to see?"

I nervously nodded prepairing for the worst.

She looked thoughtful for a second and then asked, still smiling "And if I pulled down your skirt instead then what?"

My eyes shot open wide in terror and I said pathetically, trying to remain calm as calm as I could "If you did that I would have to let you, and keep running without it."

She laughed and and asked "And you are really willing to go through all that over a bet?"

I replied "If I say I will do something I will do it, no matter how hard it is." Telling the truth but also reassuring myself that I was doing the right thing. 

She thought for a second and said "I can understand that."


She didn't seem like she was going for it so I gathered all my courage and tried one last time, for Josh, I said to her "So, um... are you going to pull my strap then?"

She looked at me astonished with a smile and laughed. She looked at me for a second obviously trying to figgure something out. Finally she asked with a surprised voice "You actually want someone to pull your top off dont you!? You want people to see you running around toppless!"

I didn't know what to say, I was blushing red and shaking, so I eventually just shrugged my shoulders.

She just laughed hard and said "You are not right in the head girl, no I will not pull your top off for you. But I think I may do something else."

She pulled the band of my skirt and let it flop loosely back into place and said "Yeah, I can work with this, since you are so desperate for attention I will give you something to look forward to." 

She pulled off the hairband on her wrist and slipped it in the loop of her little pink water bottle. Then she began pulling at my waisteband again, she almost made me trip once from yanking on it. Finally I heard a rip from her tearing a small hole just below my waisteband on my back left side. 

At this point I got a little worried about what she was doing to my skirt.

She pushed the hair-tie through the hole, out the top of my skirt and around her water bottle, looping the bottle to my waisteband. She let the bottle hang there pulling the back left of my skirt half way down my left butt cheek.

The bottle bounced around against the bottom of my left butt cheek and when my left foot touched down again the whole side of my skirt slid down a bit more! It slipped like this every time my foot fell.

The woman laughed and said "now if you were telling the truth about your rules then this bottle will keep pulling on your skirt while you jog, as I see it is already doing, sooner or later it should pull your skirt off completely."

I was horrified, I stammered out something like "But... I thought... My top... The strap... Please..." I caught myself, I could not ask her to remove it. My skirt had sliped down a little more and I felt completely helpless to prevent it.

She laughed again and said "You really are not going to remove it? You are just going to let it pull your skirt down?"

I looked at her hopelessly as my skirt slid down a little more on the left, and said "I told you, I can't!"

She said "We'll see, I'll keep an eye out for you, who knows maybe you are telling the truth." Then she ran off glancing back at me as she left.

I didn't know what to do, I kept jogging but with every step my skirt was slipping a little more. It was holding up on the right side for the most part, clinginging desperately to my hip. The left side was now stretched so far that just about my entire left cheek was visible and left side of my crotch was in danger of coming into view.

I passed a couple runners who gave me very bizzare looks, I heard a runner come up behind me but hold pace back there and not pass me. Josh was watching with a renewed smile on my face.

People passed going the other direction giving me varying odd looks as my skirt got lower and lower. I heard people coming up behind me but no one passed me besides one older woman who gave me a digusted look.

After a little while Jenni came back and laughed saying "Wow, I like the modifications to your skirt! You have a few people behind you getting a nice view, trying to figgure out what you are doing."

By this time most of my butt was exposed and the whole left side of my crotch, as well as the top of my thigh, was visible, my vagina was just barely conceiled. I was holding my right hip up trying desperately to keep that side of my skirt up, making me look like I was jogging with a limp. This had caused the downward motion of my skirt to slow but it was still slipping slowly.

I replied to Jenni desperately with watery eyes "Can't you fix this, some woman did this, all I was trying to do was get her the pull the strap for Josh, but she did this instead! Now my skirt is falling off."

Jenni looked at Josh and looked back at me and said "I would fix your skirt for you but your husband seems to really be enjoying it, I think he would want to see the bottle stay on. But if you really want it removed I will do it for you." She actually looked concerned.

I looked at Jenni and then I looked at Josh and gave up. As much as I hated to agree with Jenni Josh looked really excited, this was going to happen, I told Josh I would do anything for him and this was definately covered under "anything".

I turned to Jenni and said in a defeated voice "I know, I will continue for him."

Jenni said something in the way of complementing me but my mind was elsewhere. My skirt had finally reached the apex of my butt on the right side and was now starting to slide down faster. I tried my best to hold my right hip up but it was still slipping little by little.

Jenni must have noticed the strain on my face because she suddenly asked excitedly "Is it falling!? Perfect, right in front of those nerds playing cards. Ooh, I'm gonna back up to see what the peoples reactions are!"

With that Jenni slipped back to leave me to my humiliation. I saw the group playing cards, I heard the small group behind me chattering and laughing, and I.could see various people up ahead. All the while my skirt slipped further and further, it was speeding up a little with each slip. I was terrefied! I looked over at Josh as a tear slipped down my cheek. He was smiling at me, and I must admit that made me feel a tiny bit better. 

Then the moment I had been dreading, the right side of my skirt that was desperately hanging on finally slid down an inch or so and with the next foot fall my whole skirt dropped to the ground and my hands went instinctively to my crotch for cover. 

I stopped as soon as I felt the skirt fall to make sure I didn't trip, but after it hit the ground I just stood there for a moment with my hands over my crotch. I was frozen, I didn't know what to do. Behind me, people were whistling, hooting, laughing or shouting crude comments. I didn't want to stay but I didn't want to leave my skirt behind either. I looked at Josh and he gave me a signal that told me I should be running.

With fear and humiliation hammering in my brain as well as laughter and jokes burning in my ears, finally I lifted up my foot and stepped out of my fallen skirt. I forced my legs to start moving again, my left hand still covering my crotch, my right wiping the tears from my eyes.

Once I was on the move again I noticed Josh waving at me. He made a motion of removing my hands from my crotch. I gave him a pleading look and he just gave me one right back. I whimpered a little and moved my arms like I normally would when I run, completely exposing my crotch to view.

All around me people were stopping what they were doing to watch me slowly jog by, everyone staring at my shaved crotch and bare butt. Sometimes people would laugh, sometimes they would call me names and one or two actually yelled at me.

Suddenly I was startled by a bell ring from a bike to my back left and there was a fourty something year old man on his bike. 

He rode beside me and asked "Miss, are you ok? Do you need help?"

This made me even more embarrassed, he was talking to me slow and loud like I was a mental patient or something. I blushed bright red and studdered "I am o-ok, I d-don't need help"

He looked at me with a very odd look and said "You do know you are not wearing any pants right? I saw the card behind your back, is that intentional?"

I was far to ashamed to worry about my lie about a lot bet so I just said "y-yes, I know I am r-running bottomless, and it is inten-intentional."

He just looked at me with a mixture of sympathy and confusion, gave my crotch one last look and rode on.

Behind me I heard a couple of girls and one guy arguing in hushed tones over who was "going to do it?" When finally I heard another male voice break through and say "Fine I'll do it!"

I heard someone run right up behind me and I tensed for what I knew was coming! He pulled my strap quickly and my top fluttered for a moment and then fell to the ground. My first instinct again was to cover my breasts with my hands but I stopped myself. There was a cheer and another roar of laughter, a man running towards me actually tripped and fell while staring at me.

I was so humiliated, I whiped a couple more tears from my eyes tried my best to just keep one foot in front of the other. I was very tempted to abandon this "adventure" and run away.

A shaggy looking man ran up beside me and quickly said "Wow you're hot, and naked! So are you looking to get laid? Cause if you are I could..." 

Just then Jenni ran up between us and interupted him saying "Sorry, this ass is spoken for!" Slapping my butt as she said "ass".

I jumped and shot a surprised look at Jenni as the man ran off, looking back at me the whole time.

Jenni looked at me and said "Don't worry I wont let anyone bugg you. He was right though, you are hott, not that I swing that way but you look really good naked!"

I blushed bright red again and just stared at her silently.

Then I heard Josh call Jenni over to him.

She ran over there and he talked to her for a moment. Then she came running back next to me.

She said to me with a little dissapointment in her voice "Josh says you can be done for the day, all you have to do is turn around and wave goodbye to the people behind you. You can run right down that path there to get to your car, and you can go as fast as you want."

I looked and saw Josh already heading in that direction, smiling and waving me over.

I was so excited to be done! I turned around and waved goodbye to the people behind me and said, "Um, bye everyone."

This earned me a a few aww, and one person said something to me, but I had already turned and was running quickly back to the car.

As I caught up to Josh he held out a sun dress for me from the little bag he had. I grabbed it and flung it over my head running beside Josh with Jenni catching up behind.

All three of us got to the car and Josh shook Jenni's hand saying "Thank you very much for everything today! We will have to meet again sometime."

Jenni looked at us both and said "About that, I was wondering if maybe you guys could come to a party I am planning. And maybe Kelly(not my real name) could could be involved in some of the entertainment... Or you guys could just come normally, I just want you guys to be there."

Josh said "Oh I am sure we will be there, just send us the info since you have our number now, and me and my wife will talk about the "entertainment" ok?"

Jenni gave a little cheer and gave me a huge hug saying "I can not wait to see you again. I really think you are the most real person I know, and I know it might feel wierd but if you ever want to talk, or do normal stuff, like shopping, togather I woild be all for it!"

I smiled at this not sure why but I actually liked her too, despite the humiliation I had felt at her hands, but I was still not sure so I said "We'll see, I will call and let you know if I can get past the wierdness ok?"

She did another little cheer and we all waved goodbye and Josh and I got into our car and Josh gave me one of those passionate kisses I had been looking forward to.

We took our short drive to the same hotel we stayed in on our first adventure, on our way Josh was running his hand up my thigh and getting me excited for what was to come. Not that I needed much help, I knew what was coming in the hotel and I couldn't wait, it was my turn to get what I wanted and Josh would make sure I got it!

Again we stayed there the whole afternoon and evening and left in the morning. On yhe long trip back we talked about the park and Jenni's proposal. I learned that Jenni actually helped out more than I knew. For one, I guess a lot of people on the path were actually friends of Jenni's, and the whole water bottle fiasco, Jenni set that all up. Though I was curious to note that the good sumaitain who fixed.my skirt early on was not with Jenni, he was just a nice guy. There were other people at the park too of course but a lot of the key players were friends of Jenni.

She was even involved in the idea for my outfit and stood up for me when Josh's ideas may have made the "adventure" even more difficult. She had to remind him that I wasn't going to know it was set up so I would be very scared as it was.

The one part that was totally unplanned was my top, Josh wanted to see someone pull it of their own dessign and not have it planned. They both assumed it would happen much earlier, definately before the skirt event. I guess people are mire timid, or moral than they game them credit for.

Josh told me how he really liked all the planning Jenni did for this, I guess she spent weeks planning the details. She even had plans to get me out of any number of bad situations that could have occured. This made the whole thing seem much safer for me in his eyes. 

I agreed but still found it hard to believe how many people she knew, or how much planning she must have had to go through! I must admit I had to give credit to Jenny for looking out for me, and my safety.

We also spoke about Jenni's upcomming party and weather or not I was going to be playing a major role in it or not. Of course Josh was very excited about the possibilites, and we both agreed that having an event with Jenni, after her success at the park, would be safe and unique (as well as terrefying!).

So needless to say we will be attending Jenni's party and I will be fullfiling some humiating roles in front of all her guests. Also after thinking more about it, I think I will take Jenni up on her offer for some girl time.

Thats my newes adventure please let us know what you thought of it. I tried a new style, including actual quotes for people when they said something. While I know my memory is not perfect, thequotes should be close, and I thought id added to show peoples personalities more. So please let me know if this style is beter or worse than my last works? Thank you
