Aubrey and the Sorority
byyesplease17©

"Form a line, bitches!"

Aubrey found herself somewhere in the middle. She waited timidly at attention with the rest of the sorority recruits. Their leader, Chloe, an older redhead in a pink undershirt and shorts, strutted down the line as if it were boot camp.

"Over the course of this week, you'll be expected to prove yourself and support your future sisters through a series of challenges. They're on a volunteer basis, but remember: they're of a limited amount. Shirk too many, and you might not have enough opportunity to survive to the next round."

Aubrey glanced down the line of twelve freshman girls, all roughly her age. Older sorority members leaned casually against the walls or sat by the stairs, gleefully watching without feeling the pressure. Over by the stairs, Aubrey's high school friend Allie shot her a subtle wink. Aubrey rolled her eyes and broke the glance.

"Allie, why don't you bring me the hat?" Chloe disguised her order as a question. Allie complied, mixing the paper slips inside the hat as she ambled over. Chloe reached her hand in, pausing for dramatic affect.

Aubrey began to nervously twirl her heel. She nervously looked down and hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her short shorts. Chloe finally selected a paper slip and unfolded it. As she read it, a diabolical smile quickly grew on her face.

"A midnight streak. We're off to a pretty daring start, aren't we girls?"

Chloe scanned the group expectantly. Aubrey avoided her gaze, her face already blushing slightly. She slightly crossed her legs as if she already had to start covering up.

"No takers? How about double points?" Aubrey bargained with a pouty voice.

"Aubrey likes streaking!" Allie offered up.

"Oh really?" Chloe asked.

"No, no no no!" Aubrey yelled. The girls around her jumped from the surprise noise. All eyes were on her now. Chloe chuckled.

"Aren't you a cute one? The game hasn't even started, sweetie." Chloe teased with a smirk. She nodded at Aubrey's hands, which were already instinctively hovering over her crotch. Aubrey regained her composure and put them back at her sides.

"There was an... incident on one of our old school trips. It's not something I want to relive," Aubrey finally said.

"Fair enough. Well if we don't have any takers, I guess you all can rest easy tonight." Chloe announced to the recruits. She then briefly leaned into Aubrey's ear.

"You reserve the right to change your mind about the streaking."

Aubrey shivered a little. In that moment, she did her best to hide herself from her own arousal. She might've bought her own lie, but Chloe and Allie saw right through it. They gave each other a look and started giggling. Aubrey watched them, clearly mortified. But before she could dwell on it any further, Chloe spoke to the crowd again.

"We're a laid back house, but we do have ground rules: If you're gonna do something loud, do it down here, not upstairs in the rooms. Microwaving fish in our kitchen is a bChloeble offense. Our Netflix password is available for all girls, recruits included. But if you spoil Umbrella Academy, that's also a bChloeble offense."

That reference sparked some chatter and laughter among the girls. Chloe waved to silence them again.

"And absolutely... No dicks allowed. By all means, have a boyfriend. We encourage it. Or girlfriend if that's your thing. But if you bring them into this household, there will be consequences. We're a family, and it's 'chicks before dicks.' Which leads us to the final rule: No sex allowed until you complete initiation. We find that the horniness... helps keep you motivated."

The group dispersed, Aubrey crinkling her eyebrows over that last rule. She approached Allie.

"That wasn't cool. I just escaped the school where everyone knows me as 'the naked girl,' I don't want to be that again." Aubrey complained.

"It's college, Aubrey. No one cares. Plus, I thought I was doing you a favor. I already got initiated over break, so I know that not all the challenges are gonna be as fun." Allie reasoned.

"You and I have very different definitions of what fun means."

"Aubrey, speaking as your friend... You should really stop lying to yourself."

Allie excused herself. Aubrey went upstairs feeling more conflicted than before.

Aubrey settled into her room. It was small with one window, but she was lucky to have it to herself, at least for now. She opened up her suitcase on a table by the windowsill. She picked out a white cropped tank top to sleep in. She quickly peeled off her summer blouse and tight bra, freeing her cute breasts and exposing them to the room's humming AC. She changed as quickly as she could, knowing she was in full view of the window.

Something prevented her from realizing she could just as easily step to the side and change in private. She wasn't quite willing to admit that the situation gave her a little rush. Nor was she going to acknowledge how good it felt to slide on her cropped tank top, the nylon fabric grazing lightly against her nipples. The tanktop ended just above her belly button. These were clothes she wouldn't dare wear to the gym, let alone in public. But it was comfy to sleep in. She then removed her scrunchie which freed her soft shoulder-length blonde hair.

She unbuttoned her short shorts which immediately dropped to the floor. She sighed with relief. The act felt so freeing. She tugged down at her panties to relieve the wedgie that had been riding up her ass all day. Aubrey smiled guiltily at her underwear's Wonder Woman design. The tight cotton panties were a cool dark blue with cute little white stars. The middle was red with the Wonder Woman logo just above her crotch. It was a fashion just for her. She liked the nerdy design and thought the tiny curved hem boyshorts were both casual and sexy.

Finally at home with herself, Aubrey slid under the covers and was about to drift into sleep when a loud thud disturbed her. Someone had climbed through the window. Aubrey screamed.

"Shh! Shh! It's me!" Julian called out apologetically.

Aubrey covered her mouth, then sighed and got up to join her boyfriend. She crossed her arms defiantly.

"Babe, what the hell are you doing here?" she whispered.

"I missed you. I've been waiting to see you all day after I finished packing," Julian whispered back.

"You're really sweet, but you shouldn't be here. I could get in trouble!"

Aubrey gave him a worried stare, waiting expectantly for him to better explain himself. After a few seconds, she followed his gaze and noticed he was staring at her exposed belly and panties.

"My eyes are up here..." Aubrey remarked coyly.

"You look so good, Aubs..." Julian didn't whisper so much as he gasped in awe.

"Hey. No sex allowed. It's a rule here," Aubrey asserted.

"That's okay. I just wanted to be with you, that's all." Julian said genuinely.

Aubrey couldn't help but smile. She watched him sulk back to the window, then grabbed him by the back of his pants. She removed his belt and began to unbutton his pants.

"Really?" He asked excitedly.

"No. Well, yes. You can stay the night and leave in the morning. Just get under the covers with me."

Julian very willingly complied and in a few moments he was in just his boxers, spooning Aubrey in her small twin bed. Aubrey had every intention of just falling asleep in the arms of her boyfriend, but after a few minutes, she noticed an uninvited friend pressing against her ass.

"Julian... No..." She whispered exasperatedly.

"I know! It's just... I can't help it... Just ignore it, it'll go away," He whispered back sympathetically.

"Okay." Aubrey yawned, curling up in the sheets. Her movement made her ass slide more forcefully against Julian's erection. Julian moaned quietly under his breath.

"You okay back there?" Aubrey asked, both complaining but also half-teasing.

"Ye-..." was all Julian could respond. Aubrey could feel Julian's hands shaking as he clutched her bare waist. She could feel the moisture of his sweat as he tried so hard to control himself. Aubrey could feel it now, too...

"Just take care of it. It's okay," Aubrey whispered.

"What? But you said-"

Aubrey began to gyrate her ass against the tent of his boxers. Julian moaned from the surprise pleasure.

"Shhh... Not too loud, baby. No one can know..." Aubrey whispered as she continued to grind against him. She reached down into the slit of his boxers and pulled out his hard and trembling cock. She grabbed it by the edge of his shaft and felt his whole lower body throb with excitement. Julian moaned under his breath again. Aubrey's hand already felt a little sticky from his pre-cum. Aubrey could feel her own heartbeat racing.

"Oh my goddd..." Julian exhaled with pleasure. Aubrey took Julian's dick and slid it between her slim legs. She grinded against him again, Julian's pre-cum serving as lube. It coated her upper thighs, allowing Julian's dick to slide through faster and faster. Aubrey could feel an aching in her lower body as her panties began to dampen. Now it was her turn to moan as she felt Julian's cock slide down the edge of her panties and against the outline of her vagina.

"Ah-...Ah-... Come on... Yes, baby... Cum for me," Aubrey pleaded quietly. At first she wanted to be done with this, but now she needed the release as much as he did.

Julian came for her. Long ropes shot from his cock as he continued to thrust between Aubrey's thighs. Aubrey bit into her hand (the one sticky with Julian's cum) as she rode her own orgasm. On his last thrust, Julian's crotch pressed tightly against Aubrey's ass cheeks as he shot out one last huge spurt of cum. He sighed gratefully as he collapsed against her.

"Thank you..." They both whispered to each other at the same time. The accidental mimicry made them both giggle before immediately shushing themselves to avoid drawing attention. Aubrey turned around and kissed Julian on the cheek.

"Goodnight, baby," Aubrey smiled. Julian said goodnight back and then slowly drifted to sleep. Aubrey tried to do the same, but then suddenly felt very sticky. She reached under the covers and tugged off Julian's boxers. She had to shimmy and reposition his penis, to which he didn't even notice.

"Wow... Light sleeper," Aubrey commented to herself. She took his boxers and cleaned off her legs and did her best to dab down the big mess Julian left on the bed. Aubrey finally tossed the boxers to the floor and just as quickly fell asleep.

...

The blanket fell off the bed. Aubrey curled up her knees for warmth, exposing a bit of her butt crack. Giggling ensued, which gradually woke Aubrey. She slowly opened her eyes to discover she was... in the living room. It quickly dawned on her that the blanket didn't fall off, it was ripped off. She faced forward to discover Chloe and the entire sorority peeping her and Julian, who was currently lying face down with his ass completely exposed.

One of the girls catcalled the two lovers, others whistling and laughing. Julian bolted awake now. His eyes met Aubrey's terrified face. He suddenly realized where he was and how he was dressed. He grabbed their one pillow, and in one swift motion, flipped himself over and covered his penis from view.

"Awww, but we wanted a good peek!" Chloe teased.

"What's... what's-" Aubrey stuttered, completely helpless.

"Those are some cute little underoos, Aubrey! Didn't take you for such a dork," Chloe commented while eyeing Aubrey's crotch. This incited some more laughter from the other girls. Aubrey's face burned bright red. She quickly covered her panties; hands over the Wonder Woman "W." Julian sympathetically shared the other half of the pillow to help cover Aubrey's crotch as well. He ended up exposing his left leg and the girls could just barely see his balls now, which made them erupt into giggling.

Chloe grew impatient and gestured at two of the older sorority girls to speed things up. They subsequently moved to the edge of the bed and tipped over the mattress, sending Aubrey and Julian rolling to the floor.

"Get up, you two. It's time to face punishment," Chloe declared.

Aubrey got up and sheepishly covered her little panties and toned belly with one hand each. Julian stood up, exposing way more of his lower body than he intended.

"Aww, sweetie must be a grower, not a shower..." one of the girls called out.

Julian cupped his penis in both hands, humiliated.

"I told you Aubrey: No boyfriends allowed. 'No dicks allowed' was the wording," Chloe continued.

She moved her gaze to Julian.

"Dicks of any kind. Size does not matter in this case."

Chloe winked at him. Julian's feet trembled slightly. He never felt so vulnerable. Chloe focused back on Aubrey.

"I'm afraid you'll have to bare the consequence. Pun intended," Chloe said.

Aubrey crinkled her eyebrows, confused with that last remark. Chloe extended out her hand.

"Your panties, Aubrey. Take them off," Chloe ordered.

"... What?" Aubrey panicked.

"You heard me. That's your punishment. God knows they weren't keeping your boyfriend out anyway."

"Please, I'm sorry! I get it-"

"If you want to stay in this sorority, you'll do as I say. Panties, please!" Chloe pushed again.

Aubrey hooked her thumbs into her panties. She took a deep breath. The girls began to whistle again. She could see Allie from the corner of her eye, recording with her phone. The panties were super tight, but after stretching the waistband, they slid down her slender legs and dropped to the floor.

"Ooohwee! Looks like they both shave down there..." Chloe commented with a sinister smile.

Aubrey cheeks were burning so brightly that her vision began to narrow. She forced another deep breath, then stepped out of her underwear. She bent down to pick them up (the girls behind her whistling at the view) and handed them to Chloe.

Aubrey covered her pussy with her hands and watched as Chloe presented the panties to the cheering crowd. She passed them to Allie who stowed them for safe-keeping.

"Hold onto that. She'll need to earn them back," Chloe decided.

"Are we good now?" Aubrey asked impatiently. She immediately wished she kept her mouth shut.

"Oh, you're so adorable. We're just getting started. The first rule you broke was letting your boyfriend in. The second rule was our golden one: No sex until after initiation."

"But we didn't-"

"Oh Aubrey, your butt-naked boyfriend begs to differ. As does the little mess you made on the sheets. A little off-topic, but you definitely have laundry duty this week," Chloe asserted.

"Do you want my shirt now, too?" Aubrey conceded.

"No. I want you to have something to wage later. Besides, that little tank top isn't leaving much to the imagination," Chloe peered at Aubrey's chest. Her shirt was looking pretty pokey.

"No no," Chloe continued. "I've decided that since you couldn't resist your boyfriend's cum. You should share some with the rest of us."

Aubrey stammered for words that wouldn't come out. She didn't believe what she just heard.

"Calm down, we're not going to have some big non-consensual orgy, but we do want to see his cum. How you get it out is completely up to you two. No fucking, of course. Can't have you break the rule again."

Aubrey and Julian exchanged glances. They both looked equally humiliated.

"Come on, just jerk one out, already!" one of the girls called out, laughing. They had all gathered up front now, ready for a fireworks show.

Aubrey began to protest, but Julian raised a hand to stop her. He exposed his dick in the process, and he could feel every eye in the room looking down there. Chloe smiled with anticipation as she watched Julian bring down his right hand and start stroking in front of everyone. Some of the girls up front giggled from the awkward tension surrounding the room. After a moment, they began to frown. Julian kept changing patterns but his dick remained flaccid.

"Little guy's nervous in front of crowds," Chloe teased, inciting more laughter. Julian was visibly nervous and filled with anxiety. His heart was beating faster and faster with the embarrassment, ready to die, when finally Aubrey placed her hand softly on his chest. She lovingly leaned her head on his shoulder.

"It's okay. Just relax," Aubrey whispered seductively. She said it like they were the only two in the room. She slid her hand down his chest, down his stomach, to just above his penis. Julian immediately grew to a full erection. His dick tapped lightly against Aubrey's palm, which she took as her cue to wrap her fingers delicately around his shaft. There was a collective gasp from the entire room. Julian's being the loudest.

"Well, he really likes her..." Chloe commented, teasing but also impressed.

"All six inches of him..." Allie added quietly.

Aubrey began to stroke Julian's cock, not too forceful, and not too fast. Even though she had an end goal, she stroked like she didn't. She took her time, sensually embellishing every touch. The sensation made Julian tremble. He leaned his head against Aubrey's for both physical and mental support. She was pleasuring him at an effective but agonizingly slow rate, knowing she can work him up best by taking her time. Julian began to buck his hips against her hand, desperate to feel her more strongly. Aubrey responded by wrapping her hand around his waist and steadying him, preventing him from moving on his own.

"Stop. Let me take care of you," Aubrey whispered again. She tightened her grip on his dick to convince him further. Julian moaned for her. Their audience was watching open-mouthed now. Somehow jealous of both of them.

Aubrey looked down at her progress, watching her hand slide up and down his erection. She suddenly felt her own heartbeat racing. With every stroke, she imagined those six inches thrusting in and out of her vagina. She bit her lip to stifle that urge. After considering it, she figured kissing wouldn't break house rules, and met Julian's lips. She made out with him as she continued to jerk him off, their tongues intertwining as they both wanted each other more and more.

It was becoming too much for Julian to handle. He had been complying with Aubrey's pace, but her tongue was too much. She had been stroking him for maybe three minutes, but now he was feeling so sensitive. He felt the length of every stroke, every individual finger as they slid against his tip. Pinky. Ring. Middle. Index. Thumb along the frenulum. And then reversed as she glided back up his shaft. The cycle repeated with every passing second. Aubrey wouldn't stop.

Julian parted his lips from Aubrey's and grunted as his cum shot out at full force. The girls closest to the front gave out a startled yelp, some sperm even landing at their feet. It was far from just one shot though. Spurt after spurt kept shooting out of Julian's cock as he breathed heavily and stared into Aubrey's big blue eyes.

He came in arcs of varying height, the highest of which made Chloe applaud a job well done. Others oohed and awed, not quite believing the sheer amount of cum they just witnessed. Aubrey kept stroking, faster now to completely drain him, but as Julian's final drops had dripped to the floor, she released her wet sticky hand and looked down, admiring her handiwork.

"Well done... Well done. You both certainly... delivered," Chloe finally broke the silence with an impressed smile.

Staring at her boyfriend's dick as it still lightly throbbed, and the absolute mess on the floor, Aubrey couldn't be more aroused. She could practically feel her heartbeat from her vagina. She couldn't take it. She wanted to feel her boyfriend inside her so badly, but decided that even two of her own fingers would do. They were just curling into her wet pussy when Chloe grabbed her hand and yanked it away.

"No no no. Remember when I said horny keeps you motivated?" Chloe reminded her.

"Please... Please just a little..." Aubrey begged. She could hear the self-pity in her voice but she didn't care. She wanted her own release so badly.

"You may have absolved your punishments, but you're still left with a negative score for breaking the rules in the first place. I'm afraid you'll have to complete a challenge to qualify for the next round of initiation. Not unless you're ready to give up?"

"No no! Just tell me what I have to do." Aubrey pleaded.

"That's what I like to hear. I'll even throw you a bone here and let your boyfriend help you out on the challenge. Just this once," Chloe bargained as she reached her hand into the challenge hat. She pulled out a paper slip and handed it to Aubrey. Aubrey timidly opened the slip and read it aloud for everyone to hear.

"Fetch Chloe's textbooks."

"Okay, simple enough. You lucked out! You just have to pick them up at the bookstore across campus."

Relieved, Aubrey nodded and gestured for Julian to follow. She had one foot on the staircase when two older girls suddenly blocked her way.

"Upstairs are for sisters only. You'll have to earn back a positive score to reclaim your room privileges." Chloe declared.

"We just need our clothes!" Aubrey reasoned.

"Are those upstairs? Tough luck," Chloe teased. The other girls laughed at Aubrey and Julian's new predicament. They both looked at each other, worried about their next move.

"I'd go soon if I were you. Bookstore opens in ten minutes. Maybe if you get there early enough, other students won't see you."

Aubrey took a deep breath. She had a feeling something like this was coming. At least she had experience with it before...

She cupped her hands between her legs and looked to Julian, who did the same.

"Let's go." 


