Laura 04 - Laura's Public Exposure
by WolfyLikes

Darren leaves Laura alone in public.

Continued from Laura's Viagra Party...

Darren and I both had a few weeks off university at the moment, we were in between term times. He'd come back down to stay at my house for the three weeks we had together before he'd need to return up north.

We were lying naked in bed, relaxing after another sex session, Darren spooning me while running a finger up and down my back, teasing me by touching right by my arsehole then moving his hand back up to my shoulder blades, tracing imaginary lines across my back.

"Is this getting me to watch you fuck other men going to be a regular occurrence now?" he suddenly said.

It had been a couple of weeks since I'd seduced Jim and Alfie into thinking I was injured, then fucking them while Darren watched via the laptop. A few weeks before that I was supposed to be a stripper for Darren's roommate Dean and ended up fucking him after seeing his big cock. Even though Darren had admitted to liking it, his bringing the subject up shocked me.

"I hadn't thought about it," I replied, trying to act as innocent as possible, "but I don't need to with you here now."

"What about if you do so again, but under my terms this time?" he continued.

I was intrigued. I did enjoy sex a lot, and since the incident with the security guards I had been conjuring up plans and schemes where I might get caught, and hopefully punished. Being used by the three of them, in turn, had been an amazing turn-on. My plans didn't always involve Darren watching, however. I'd thought at first the excitement had been him knowing, but I'd realised now that I'd have enjoyed each incident whether Darren had been watching or not. Teasing and then fucking Dean, then Jim and Alfie, made me realise that I'd not given Darren too much thought at the time.

"Did you have something in mind?" I asked inquisitively. My mind was racing at the prospect.

"Yes, actually we'll do it tonight. I need to go out this afternoon to get something, we'll eat earlier then go out."

Darren wouldn't tell me what he had planned. He went over to my underwear drawer and took out a white lacy thong and a matching bra, which was strapless. He also got out a pair of white holdup stockings, telling me I had to wear these but could wear anything over the top of them, jeans and a t-shirt if I wanted. I'd always had a decent suntan, and had been topping it up after the last week of glorious sunshine, so knew the white undies would be a good contrast against my skin.

Darren got up and dressed, and told me he'd see me later. He still wouldn't say where he was off to. He'd barely left the house before I was fingering myself in anticipation.

He returned a few hours later, saying he'd left some things in the boot of his car. We ate, then around 7 pm, he told me to go and get ready. I put on the underwear eagerly and decided to wear a summer dress and a pair of white heels. We got in the car and drove for about thirty minutes, then pulled into a park in the middle of a housing estate, and drove along the narrow road that ran alongside some train tracks.

There was a rough car park a little further on where Darren parked up. He went to the boot and took out a small backpack. He still wouldn't give me any clues as to what we were doing there. We walked along a pathway that led between trees, walking away from the way we'd drove in. Darren was looking all around him as we walked and, looking up as a train passed nearby, stopped and paused.

"Ah, perfect," he said.

He left the path and walked towards the train tracks, then stopped by a large tree. We were about thirty yards from the pathway, the other side of the tree was clear until the tracks, which were about another fifty yards away.

Darren looked up at the tree, there was a tree branch about fifteen feet up that was quite thick, and angled up alongside the tree trunk. He fished something out of the backpack, and threw it in the air, holding on to the other end. It went over the branch the first time of asking, and when he caught it again I noticed it was a thick chain. Each end had something leather looking on it.

Darren pulled on the chain to make sure the branch wouldn't move or snap, and when he was happy told me to take off my dress. My mind was racing as I slipped the dress to the floor, then he beckoned me to him. The leather parts were cuffs to go on my wrists. He fastened one, then to do the other I had to raise my arms above my head. Darren fastened it, then asked me to try moving about. I could walk, but only for five steps before the chain was too taut and stopped me.

"Perfect, couldn't be any better," Darren exclaimed.

"So, how long will I be fastened here then?" I asked.

"I haven't decided yet, it depends how the night pans out," he replied.

He had a mischievous grin on his face as he walked over and kissed me hard, rubbing my pussy and tweaking my nipples as he did so. I moaned softly. He stepped back, put his hands behind my back, and undid my bra which fell to the floor. Before I'd realised, he tore down my thong and pulled it off my ankles.

I was standing there, naked except for my heels and stockings, my breasts accentuated by my arms being raised. I was exposed and could do nothing about it. I could feel my pussy leaking juices at the prospect of what might be next.

I didn't expect Darren to pick up my undies and dress and start to walk away though!

"Where are you going?" I asked him.

"Don't worry, I'll be close enough to watch after I've put these in the car," he smiled broadly as he continued to walk away.

This wasn't quite what I had in mind, or what I thought Darren might have planned. Leaving me alone, where anybody could find me. I know he'd said about me fucking strangers, but I at least thought he had someone in mind. Anyone could find me like this, and at the back of my mind even if I didn't like the look of them, and said no, would they listen and still have sex with me?

It seemed like an eternity since Darren walked off. I kept looking out for him, but couldn't see him. I looked at the sky, I didn't have my watch on so guessing from the time we'd set out, and the position of the sun in the sky reckoned there were around ninety minutes until the sun started to set and it would get darker. How long was Darren going to leave me here I wondered.

I heard a noise and tried to work out what it was, the noise was getting louder like it was getting closer. I moved behind the tree as much as the chains would let me, trying to hide from the path, just as a train went past. Anyone looking through the windows would have gotten a great view of my naked ass. I felt my insides tingle. The thought of people seeing me like this was turning me on.

I'd heard no noise for a while except for the wind, and an occasional bird overhead. That almost silence was broken by the sound of a dog panting. I tried to work out where the sound was coming from, it didn't sound like from the path. I turned and looked, and saw a middle-aged couple walking their dog alongside the train tracks. I'd been moving about so that my legs wouldn't cramp, and as the couple got level with me my heel snapped a twig underneath me. A loud crack rang out, and the female member of the couple looked right in my direction.

They were closer to the train tracks than they were to me. I saw the lady look towards me a few times like she was checking what she was seeing was correct. Next thing I knew she had handed the dog's lead to the man and was hurriedly walking towards me, breaking into a jog as she got closer.

"Are you okay?" she shouted out.

Her mouth dropped open as she got close enough to realise my undressed state. She turned and looked behind her, he hadn't followed her but was standing still with the dog, seemingly oblivious. I followed her gaze upwards and saw her mouth drop open a little as she saw the chains.

"Has someone done this to you on purpose?" she asked. "Is this some kind of revenge?" she said, her voice sounding startled, worried even.

"My boyfriend's idea," I told her, trying to sound as calm as possible as I saw her taking a lot of notice of my exposed lower half. "It's more of a dare, to be honest."

"A dare? You mean he wants you to be found like this? But you could be found by anyone, what about if they wanted sex with you?" she blurted out.

"I think that's the general idea, he likes to watch me with other men," I answered.

Her husband had wandered over to join us after seeing his partner and me having a conversation. I could see him shooting nervous glances at her as he looked me up and down. He didn't know where to look, spending equal time looking at my pert breasts, my stockinged legs, or trying to see between my legs. I opened them slightly to tease him. Being found by them had excited me.

"Even if it was someone like him, what about if he was on his own?" she said, pointing in his direction.

"Well I've fucked older and worse looking guys than him anyway," I said, calling her bluff.

"See John, she'd fuck you, even if she is tied to a tree and not in a position to stop you."

John slightly blushed, obviously not knowing what to say, what would be the correct answer.

"Would you John? Would you have stopped and fucked her if I'd stayed at home tonight?" she teased him.

John shrugged and told her he probably wouldn't have done so.

"Are you mad, look at her? She's beautiful. She has an amazing body. I'd have fucked her if you weren't here," she gloated at him.

"My husband's watched me with other women before, but always in the privacy of our own home," she told me by way of an explanation, "and although he enjoyed it I've never been able to persuade him to fuck another woman in front of me. A few have offered though, but he's always reluctant to. He draws the line at me sleeping with other men though."

"I'd feel awkward Joan, with you watching me," John said.

"Nonsense, unzip yourself now," Joan instructed him.

John nervously looked around, checking if anyone was looking, even though I was virtually naked right by them. He fastened the dog's lead securely around a tree, then he unzipped his trousers, undid his belt, and pulled his trousers and pants down his thighs, revealing a very nice already erect cock.

"See, you're already hard just thinking about it," Joan teased him.

Joan noticed me looking at John's cock longingly.

"Have you been with women too?" she asked.

"Not really," I told her, remembering Marie and Jane. "I've had sex with men while other girls have been in the room, but we didn't get into it ourselves."

"So what about John? Would you like his cock? Because I'd really like to see that."

I didn't get a chance to answer out loud as she traced her finger down my stomach and between my legs, straight to my clit. I nodded to say yes. Joan told him to remove his trousers and pants completely and come over to us. She grabbed a hold of his cock, and ran it up and down my stockings, a trail of damp pre-cum tracing where he'd been. She then parted my legs a little more and used the end of his cock to rub at my clit. I threw my head back and groaned in ecstasy.

Joan put her hand on the back of my neck and pulled me to her, sliding her hot tongue down my throat. John's hands were kneading my breasts and tweaking my nipples while Joan continued to rub him between my legs.

"Didn't you say he liked to watch you? Where is he then?" she paused long enough to ask me.

"I don't know, and at this very moment, I don't really care. He's probably somewhere close though, and if not that's his problem" I panted.

Joan told John to go behind me and while he did she took off her top and bra. Her breasts were really big, they must have been around a DD cup, and she had huge stiff nipples. She knelt on the floor in front of me, I could feel her hot breath on my thighs. Reaching between my legs, she guided John's cock to my pussy, and watched closely as he sunk his length into me. I groaned loudly, so Joan stood up and went back to kissing me, rubbing our nipples together as she did.

John's hands were on my back, trying to push me forward as much as the chains would allow. Joan squatted in front of me, this time her head went between my legs as she started to lick my clit, trying to coincide with John's thrusts. She'd undone her jeans by now, and slipped them down to her ankles, and I could see her hand working on herself.

John started thrusting quicker, and I heard Joan mumble something to him. She licked me ever quicker until my orgasm rushed through me. This tipped John off, and he went as long as he could before withdrawing and shooting his load over my arse and stocking tops. Joan went behind me, and when I felt a tongue cleaning the sperm off me, assumed it was her and not John. She must have carried on playing with herself, as her orgasm came and she cried out before John put his cock in her mouth to keep her quiet.

I stood as still as possible, the chains probably stopping me from lurching over as my legs were shaking. Joan and John both dressed, and John undid the dog's lead.

"Do you want us to call out for your boyfriend before we leave?" Joan asked.

"No, I'm sure if he's about he'll come over when you've left," I told her.

Joan wrote something on a scrap of paper, and folded it and put it in my stocking top.

"Just in case you're around in the future and you fancy a repeat," she said, smiling at me. John said thank you as they walked off.

I waited a few minutes waiting for Darren to appear, but he didn't. I started to wonder if he was actually about or not. I waited for about ten minutes before calling quietly for him. I got no answer, nor did he approach me. A few minutes later I heard footsteps coming from the pathway, the sounds of the leaves and twigs seemed loud after the previous quietness. The footsteps stopped not far from me.

"Darren, is that you?" I called out.

"Paul, how long does it take for you to have a piss?" a male voice further away shouted.

A body came into view. A man appeared from behind a nearby tree, presumably where he just been urinating. He stopped and stared at me. He looked about the same age as me, in his early twenties.

"What's up Paul, have you found some porn or something?" The first voice shouted.

"Oh, much better than that, come and look, Pete," he shouted back at the first voice.

A few seconds later a second guy appeared, around the same age as the first. His mouth dropped open as he saw me, he quickly took out his phone and started taking pictures.

"What are you wasting time taking pictures for Pete, she's here in front of us, served up on a plate," Paul said, moving to me and rubbing at my breasts.

"She might not want to, but I'm damn sure I'm having something to remember," Pete replied.

"Listen to her whimpering as I play with her nipples, she's loving it. She'd love to have us both play with her wouldn't you love?" Paul retorted.

"I might, but I'd need to see if you meet my expectations first," I told him.

Paul didn't hesitate, stepping back and removing his t-shirt in one quick sweep. His upper body was very muscled, he smirked as he flexed his chest muscles up and down, seeing my eyes transfixed on him.

"Nice body," I told him, "but it's not much good if downstairs doesn't match up is it?"

Again he didn't need a second invitation. Both of the guys were wearing shorts, both had interesting bulges in them. Paul hooked a thumb into both sides and pulled his shorts down, and kicked them off his ankles, and stood facing me wearing just his trainers and a huge smile. His semi-erect cock pointed towards me, around seven inches long. I licked my lips.

"Your turn now Pete, or are you going to be boring and just take pictures?" I taunted him.

Pete was a little more reserved, looking around and making sure nobody else was close. He pulled off his top too, he was muscled but not quite as big as Paul. I eagerly anticipated him removing his shorts too if he almost matched Paul down there too. I wasn't disappointed.

Pete took off his shorts to reveal himself. His cock was fully erect, jutting up towards his belly button, and bigger than Paul's, around ten inches long. Although longer, it wasn't as wide as Paul's was. My stomach still churned though, I was going to enjoy these.

"You guys go to the gym then you both look pretty buff," I asked.

"Yeah," answered Paul, "we're just on the way home from there now actually."

"You have enough energy for a second workout then?" I teased.

I beckoned them over and stood them either side of me, and started stroking at their cocks. When Paul was fully erect he wasn't much shorter than Petes. I stroked them slowly, them both leaning forward to take a nipple each into their mouths. Pete's hand had been rubbing along my stockings, then he placed it between my legs and rubbed along my wet slit, slowly and deliberately. Paul's hand went behind me, squeezing my arse cheeks and pulling them apart, the fresh breeze against my arsehole was nice.

He'd occasionally let his finger slide along to the entrance to my arse, and getting no resistance put his middle finger to his mouth, got as much saliva on it as possible, placed it back to my arsehole and pushed. He slid the tip in and paused. I tilted my head back and told him not to stop. He withdrew his finger, rubbed it along my pussy a few times, then slid it into my arse again. It went in a little easier now, and I spread my legs a little further, feeling his whole finger slide in and out of me.

"Oh you like that don't you, you want more than one up there do you?" He asked.

I nodded, unable to form speech with the pleasure running through my body. He rubbed at my pussy again, then went straight for three fingers. I think he was surprised at how fairly easily they slipped up there. I wasn't, as much of my dildo play at home now was anal or double penetration, seemingly training for moments like this. Pete coincided with Paul pushing three fingers up my arse with pushing three fingers into my pussy, his thrusts matching Paul's.

He was getting rougher with the breast he was playing with, biting and pulling my nipples with his teeth. I looked down, and noticed lovebites all over my right breast where he had been mouthing it, my nipple looked a very angry dark colour. He moved his mouth, and using his free hand slapped me across the breast, a shot of pain cascading through my nipple. He did it again, as he noticed the look of pleasure on my face after he'd done so.

He nodded to Paul who saw what he was doing and started doing the same to my left breast. I had visions of Steve the security guard smacking my arse while he fucked me, the pain almost unbearable but the pleasure straight after making up for it. I knew I was very close to coming. My body started to shake, and my pussy squirted juice all over their hands. Pete continued to finger me, making my squirts go everywhere, Pete just kept his hand still as my arse contracted around his fingers.

They gave me a minute to regain control of my body, then Pete started to claw at the wrist cuffs, trying to get them off.

"Where are the keys?" he asked, "Need to get you down so you take me in your mouth," he said.

I had more memories of my liaison with the security guards flood into my head.

"You're bothered about my mouth when this dirty filthy slut is in front of you helpless, her pussy and arse ripe for the taking?" I told them, remembering that kind of talk was what the security guys liked.

Paul and Pete looked at each other, and big grins shot over their faces. Pete walked over to me, crouched down a little as he was taller than me, and rubbed his cock across my pussy lips, trying to force it in. The angle wasn't right, so he placed his hands under my knees and pulled them upright, his cock nudging against my opening. He lowered me slowly until the tip was in, then suddenly dropped me so his full length went right in. I yelped until I got used to how long his cock was.

Pete moved his hand further until the backs of my knees were supported on his elbows, his arms bent to keep me in place. His pace was slow and deliberate, making sure I felt his entire ten-inch length up me. Paul had Pete's phone and was adding to the photo collection of the evening. After about ten minutes he told Pete he wanted a go now.

Pete slid out of me, and his friend replaced him. Paul grabbed my legs also but placed my ankles on his shoulders so he could pull on my nipples with his free hands. His cock didn't reach as far into me as his friend but was still big, and he stretched me more with his cock being much fatter. He fucked me hard for about thirty seconds, then slowed his pace right down to almost still for thirty seconds, then repeated the process. I was moaning so loud I thought I'd have a lot of visitors soon. It was probably just as well we were far enough away from the nearest houses.

Paul had about ten minutes also before Pete told him to let him back in. He went and stood behind me, rubbing at my pussy and using the wetness to lube his cock up again. His fingers went to my arse, and he roughly thrust three fingers up me.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, that feels good," I cried out, "Shove your cock up there, fuck my arse hard," I ordered him.

He quickly removed his fingers, placed his cock on my arsehole by crouching, then thrust up me by straightening up. I shouted out very loudly, the sound vibrating across the night sky. Pete paused, then started to fuck my arse, trying to get used to me gripping him.

"Harder, fuck me quicker," I cried out.

He quickened his strokes, I knew I was close to coming so told Paul to rub my clit. The feel of Pete reaching right up into my arse with his long cock was unreal, and I gripped him really tightly as my orgasm came, and I squirted over Paul's hand. Pete slowed his thrusts right down, then told Paul he needed to feel how tight my arse was before he came up me.

Paul picked up my legs again by gripping my thighs from behind so he was holding the font of my thighs, and moving me until his cock was by my arse. He pushed forward slowly and deliberately, feeding more of his cock into me each time. His cock being so much fatter made me feel each one of the veins on his cock inside me, each subsequent movement heightened the pleasure I felt as he filled me and stretched my willing arse.

Once he was right in, he started to fuck me as if his life depended on it. Pete was lying on the floor taking pictures from underneath, his large erect cock teasing as it reached towards me, the chains stopping me from dipping down and taking him in my mouth.

"You know what this little slut would like right now?" I shouted out, "if you'd make her feel really dirty and used, and fuck both of her holes at the same time."

Pete got the message and stood in front of me. Paul stopped moving while Pete took hold of his cock and pushed it into my pussy. Oh my god, that felt amazing. I could almost feel their cocks touching inside me. Both now holding my legs, they proceeded to start lifting and lowering me as they stood still, their cocks almost leaving my body before I was then fully filled again.

I was now regretting being chained up, only because I wanted to ride them both hard, and the chains restricted that somewhat. The guys almost read my mind, as they took it in turns for one to keep still with their cocks filling me, while the other thrust rapidly into me. I went into a daydream of pleasure, I could have been anywhere as I concentrated on the feeling of their cocks and lost any thought of my surroundings.

I came back to reality as I felt them both withdraw from me. I was a little disappointed until I realised they were just swapping over, Paul now in front of me and Pete up my arse. They continued what they were doing just, and not long after I could feel an orgasm welling up inside me.

"I want you both to come up my arse. I want to know what it feels like to have two lots of come dripping from me," I ordered them.

I told them both that I wanted the one in my pussy to keep me plugged while the other fucked my arse hard, then when they'd come to swap over, the one who'd come in my arse to plug my pussy while his friend filled my arse also.

They stayed where they were, Paul stood still and held my legs while Pete got some leverage from behind me by gripping my breasts tightly. He built up such a furious rhythm that Paul had trouble holding us still. The grip on my breasts got tighter and tighter as he got closer to coming, and when he did so his cock seemed to grow an extra couple of inches. We cried out in unison as Pete came in me, thrust after thrust as he made sure to fully empty every drop of his semen up me.

Once he knew he'd finished coming, the guys swapped places. Paul eagerly thrust his cock up me and waited for Pete to slide his cock up my pussy. His cock was still erect despite just coming. Paul grabbed my hips while fucking my arse, making sure to enjoy the moment. Pete started to slap at my breasts again, the pain and pleasure through my nipples were beautiful. Both my breasts were bright red now where he had been kneading and slapping them.

Paul seemed to realise I was enjoying this and started to slap my arse cheeks as he thrust into me. I was enjoying it, and a little more than I'd expected, as I announced I was nearly coming again and for Paul to come as quick as he could. He started thrusting at me almost violently, fucking my arse so hard it felt like I'd be split in two, but it felt really good, his fat cock sending shockwaves through my body.

He finally came, and came, and came. There was loads of it. I felt like I'd been flooded. With his cock still in my arse, and Pete still in my pussy, I quickly rubbed at my clit and tipped myself over the edge, having one of my biggest and best orgasms yet.

Paul and Pete withdrew and slumped to the floor. Paul remarked that we'd made that much noise he was surprised nobody else had turned up. I could feel both lots of their semen flowing out of my arse and down my legs, soaking my stockings. My breasts were red raw and covered in lovebites, my pussy gaping and an angry red colour after the furious pounding it had taken. Pete took a few pictures of my come covered arse and the guys both dressed,

Paul asked if there was anything they could do before they both left and unless he found the key to the wrist cuffs I told them there wasn't. Despite both taking advantage of me, they seemed reluctant to leave me there. I assured them I'd be fine, and they wandered off.

It was dark by now, and now alone again I was starting to feel the night chill. The guys had been gone for about five minutes when a figure appeared through the trees. It was Darren.

"I watched the guys finish with you, then I had to get your clothes from the car. Have you enjoyed your evening then?" he said with a grin.

I told him that I had, and asked if he'd been watching the whole night. He held up his hand, which was holding a hand camcorder. Not only had he been watching, but he'd also recorded the whole event to watch again.

He undid the wrists cuffs and had to support my weight, my jelly legs wouldn't take my weight just yet. He pulled my dress over me and helped me towards the car.

Once inside and driving home, he told me he couldn't wait to watch the video and relive the night.

I couldn't wait to relive it also, but Darren didn't know that I'd hardly thought about him being there tonight and realised that I didn't need him there watching, and was planning another evening with strangers, this time without his consent…
