Sticky Situation
My ex-boyfriend called me up out of the blue the other day and said he wanted to come pick me up to go for a ride. I was running late so when he honked his horn I rushed out of my house in just what I had on - T shirt, tight sweats, no bra or knickers, and bare feet. After fooling around for a while we were both horny as hell so we pulled into a secluded area. We made out and he worked my sweats down and off my slender hot bod and got his fingers inside me. I got his fat one lose from his pants and sucked him hard. He worked my shirt up and off so I was totally naked and we moved to back of his van. He got me on all fours and I felt him rubbing my juice all over lubing up my butt hole. He mounted me from behind and fucked my butt cumming deep inside my ass. I had nothing to clean up with so I had to use my sweats. I couldn’t get enough of him so we continued fooling around some more and eventually he fucked my pussy till we both came. He’s a horn dog and got hard again like 5 minutes later so he pushed me down on my knees and fucked my mouth till he came a third time. Instead of letting me swallow, he pulled out and came all over my face and hair. I couldn’t believe he did that knowing I had nothing to clean myself up with so I was really ticked off at him but he just laughed thinking it was funny. No wonder I broke up with him! 

Then looking at his watch he suddenly realized he was late for work. Panicked he said he was going to lose his job and had to go so he jumps into the seat and starts driving off in a rush. Stuck naked and spattered with sperm I was telling him to hold on as I scrambled trying to wipe the sticky goo off with my hands and get my wet stained T and sweats back on. Then the jerk says he doesn’t have enough time to go all the way to my house and he’ll have to drop me off right there still blocks away from my place! I was like “no way” but he stops, gives me a kiss and then pushes me out immediately speeding off down the street leaving me standing there in bare feet. 

I wiped my self off as best I could using my own clothes to wipe my sticky hands off on and as I started walking home I felt his cum start to leak out from both my pussy and my ass! I checked myself in a store window and saw that not only were my sweats soaking through in the worst area, but streams of wet goo were showing through my T shirt too. I guess I hadn’t wiped his man juice off my chest before getting my shirt back on. The shirt stuck to me like glue showing my naked breasts quite clearly. People on the street were staring at me, and a couple of girls walked past me giggling and whispering. I ran my fingers through my blond hair and it was all sticky too! Red faced and humiliated I just wanted to run home but in my bare feet it was hard to run too fast. 

When I got home finally my parents were thankfully not home still. But, I did run right into my brother in the hall. He looked me over once and started laughing hysterically. I was so embarrassed I ran for the bathroom with him right behind me laughing at me the whole way in. He said he had seem me take off in my ex’s van and he was going to tell my parents everything. My parents absolutely hate my ex and had already forbid me from seeing him. I tried to slam the bathroom door shut behind me but he put his hands out stopping it. Wet, sticky and humiliated I had to fight and struggle to get him out and get the door closed. The whole time he was threatening to rat me out to my parents. 

After I finished cleaning myself up and got out of the bathroom my annoying brother was still hovering around in the hall with a big smirk on his face. I told him to screw off but then he pulled something I didn’t expect. He grabbed my cum stained clothes out of the laundry and ran off! I didn’t realize what he was up to till a few moments later. When I did I went to look for him but he was gone. About 1/2 hour later he reappeared saying he had my clothes and was going to rat me out my parents! After a lot of pleading he eventually agreed, but only if I did certain things for him…. But that’s a whole other story in itself…




