The Game
by zeke81©

Eric, Tom, and Lisa are standing in Lisa's driveway looking at a brand new 
Chrysler 300.

"So whose car is it?" Lisa asked.

"It's yours." Eric said.

Lisa's eyes light up.

"Mine?" Lisa asked.

"Yeah...yours...we got it for you." Tom said.

"You guys got this for me?" Lisa asked.

"Yes, but there's a catch. If you want it you have to work for it." Eric said.

"What do you mean work for it?" Lisa asked.

"Oh I'm sure we could think of something you could do to earn it." Tom said 
suggestively.

Eric and Tom smile and Lisa blushes.

"You guys are horrible. There's no way I'm having sex with you just to get this 
car." Lisa said.

"We didn't think you would...we did come up with something else that you could 
do if you're interested." Tom said.

"You guys are pigs." Lisa said.

"Maybe, but we're pigs that have a brand new car to offer. Do you want it or 
not?" Eric asked.

"Hell yes I want it. Where are the keys?" Lisa asked.

Eric and Tom smiled.

"Easy now, if you want the car you have to play a little game." Tom said.

"Game? What kind of game?" Lisa asked.

"You'll only find out what kind of game it is once you start playing. Otherwise 
we'll give Amy a chance to play the game to get this car." Eric said.

"NO! Don't you dare give this car to Amy! I'll play the game...I'll play. What 
do I have to do?" Lisa asked.

"Go to your bedroom. You'll find a box on the bed. In the box you will find what 
you will need to play the game...as well as the first piece of the puzzle." Eric 
said.

Lisa hurried inside to the bedroom. On the bed was a large white box from a 
department store. She opened the box and found a semi-sheer top, a short skirt, 
a bra, a pair of panties, a garter belt, stockings, and a pair of shoes.

"Well...this certainly makes for an interesting start to the game." Lisa said.

Lisa quickly changed into the outfit that had been left for her and then she 
looked at the note that was also in the box.

"The bell tolls for thee...stones for all to see. Find the man with No last 
name...do what he asks to continue the game." Lisa reads.

Lisa thinks for a minute.

"Bell tolls for thee...stones for all to see. That has to mean the cemetery." 
Lisa said.

She walks out to the driveway where Eric and Tom are waiting in Eric's car.

"So...where too?" Eric asked.

"The cemetery." Lisa said.

They drive to the cemetery. Eric drives slowly.

"The bell tolls for thee...I guess that probably means the bell in the old 
church...let's go over there." Lisa said.

They drive over to the old church and get out.

"Okay...find the man with no last name." Lisa said.

She starts looking at the grave stones around the church. They all have last 
names on them. She's getting frustrated when she sees an old Asian man that 
appears as if he works at the cemetery.

"Excuse me sir...maybe you can help me. I'm looking for someone with no last 
name." Lisa said.

"My last name No." Jiro No said.

"Oh...your last name is No. Okay. Then I'm looking for you. I'm playing a game. 
I was given a clue that said to find the man with No last name and do what he 
asks to continue the game. Do you know what I'm talking about?" Lisa asked.

"Yes...I know the game. I have next clue." Jiro No said.

"Can I have it?" Lisa asked.

"To get clue you must give me your skirt." Jiro No said.

"My skirt? No way." Lisa said.

"No skirt no clue." Jiro No said.

Lisa looks at the first clue again. It says that she has to do what he asks to 
continue the game. 

"Okay...I'll give you my skirt." Lisa said.

She unzips the skirt, let's it drop down to her ankles, picks it up, and hands 
it to Jiro No. In return she gets the next clue.

"There is a place where things are read...and you must whisper what is said. 
Near this place of many words...seek a woman feeding birds." Lisa reads.

She walks back to the car.

"We're going to the library." Lisa said.

Eric drives over to the library.

"Okay...I know this is the right spot...now where is a woman feeding birds? Can 
you drive around back?" Lisa asked.

"Does it look like there's a street back there? This is as far as the car can 
go." Tom said.

"Okay...if this is how the game is played...I'm game." Lisa said.

She looks around to see if anyone is in the area. When she doesn't see anyone 
she gets out of the car and walks around to the far side of the library. The 
back side of the library opens onto a park. There on the sidewalk behind the 
library Lisa sees a woman feeding birds. Lisa walks over to the woman.

"Excuse me ma'am, but I believe that you hold the next clue for the game I am 
playing." Lisa said.

"Ah yes...I will give you the clue in exchange for your blouse." Mary said.

Lisa looked around and when she is reasonably sure nobody is around she takes 
off her blouse and gives it to Mary. Mary gives Lisa the next clue.

"The end of each week finds you here...laughing with friends and enjoying a 
beer. Behind this house of laughter and brew...a good friend waits for you." 
Lisa reads.

Lisa walks quickly back to the car.

"So...where to?" Eric asked.

"The bar...John's Pub." Lisa said.

Again Eric stops in front of the building when Lisa needs to be in the back. A 
quick peak to see who's around and Lisa rushes behind the bar. Sitting on an old 
crate is her friend Sara. Sara smiles when she sees Lisa coming.

"I was wondering if you'd make it this far. If you want this...you've got to 
give me that." Sara said.

Sara held up the clue and pointed at Lisa's bra.

"The bra? Are you sure it's not the stockings or the garter belt?" Lisa asked.

"The bra." Sara said.

Lisa looks around and sees that they are alone in the alley.

"Okay...fine, take the bra." Lisa said.

She takes her bra off and gives it to Sara who gives her the clue.

"Permanently carved with a knife...Lisa and Mike together for life. There you 
will find a man and his hog...waiting by the path on which people jog." Lisa 
reads.

She thinks for a minute.

"That must be the tree out at the park where Mike and I would go back in high 
school." Lisa said.

Lisa covers her breasts with her arms and hurries back to the car.

"To the park...the far north side." Lisa said.

They drive to the park. The tree is a few hundred yards down the jogging trail. 
Lisa checks for people then gets out and hurries down the trail. She comes to 
the clearing where the tree is expecting to find a man and a pig. Instead she 
finds a large, tattooed biker sitting on his motorcycle.

"OH...that kind of hog. Hi...have you got my next clue?" Lisa asked.

"Yes I do little lady and it will cost you those panties you're wearing." Keith 
said.

"My panties?" Lisa asked.

"That's right." Keith said.

"Well...okay." Lisa said.

She has to unclip her stockings to get the panties off because she'd put the 
panties on first, but she takes off the panties and hands them to Keith who 
hands her the clue. 

"Go now to that beautiful place...the thought of which puts a smile on your 
face. There you will find a man in a hat...he'll give you the clue to find where 
the keys are at." Lisa reads.

She thinks for a moment.

"A beautiful place that puts a smile on my face...oh I know." Lisa said.

Making no attempt to cover her nudity; Lisa hurries back down the trail and gets 
into the car.

"Let's go to the lake; the meadow on the east side." Lisa said.

Eric drives to the meadow on the east side of the lake. Lisa gets out of the car 
and starts looking around. She sees a man in a hat standing by an easel. She 
hurries over to him.

"Excuse me...excuse me sir...do you have a clue for me?" Lisa asked.

William looks at Lisa as she holds one arm across her chest and the other in 
front of her crotch.

"Well...given your current state of undress I'd say that you must be Lisa. 
Yes...I have a clue for you. It will cost you the garter belt and stockings." 
William said.

Lisa quickly takes off the garter belt and stockings and gives them to William. 
He gives her the clue.

"One more step now and the game will be done...one more clue and the car you'll 
have won. You've come this far so it would be a shame if you lose...a man waits 
to trade you the keys for your shoes. He you will find near a place cold as 
ice...sweet victory is close I hope it tastes nice." Lisa read.

She thinks for a minute.

"Okay...cold as ice. Sweet...tastes nice...ice. Ice cream. He's waiting at the 
ice cream stand." Lisa said.

She runs back to the car.

"Let's go get some ice cream. To the ice cream stand near my house." Lisa said.

Eric drives to the ice cream stand. The stand isn't open and Lisa doesn't see 
anybody out on the street so she gets out of the car and quickly walks behind 
the stand. There she finds a man holding a set of keys.

"Well it's about damn time you got here. It was worth it though...for both of 
us. If you give me those shoes I'll give you these keys." Luke said.

Lisa takes off her shoes and hands them to Luke. He gives her the keys. She 
rushes back to the car.

"Okay...I got the keys...back to the house." Lisa said.

They drive back to her house. Lisa gets out of Eric's car and rushes over to her 
new car despite being naked.

"Your prize." Eric said.

Lisa unlocks the car and gets in the driver's seat.

"Was it worth it?" Tom asked.

"Hell yes. That game was exciting, scary, and fun! I'm gonna go put some clothes 
on and take this thing for a spin." Lisa said.

Lisa rushes inside the house. Eric and Tom shake hands.

"Well...that was a fun way to spend a Saturday morning." Tom said.

"Hell yes it was. I'm glad she was able to figure out all of the clues. I was 
afraid that one of them might have been too hard or she'd have thought it meant 
somewhere else." Eric said.

"I'm glad no cops showed up when she was naked like that." Tom said.

"Yeah...that could have been bad. Oh well things couldn't have worked out any 
better." Eric said.

Lisa comes running out fully clothed.

"Okay guys, let's go for a ride." Lisa said.

They take a ride in Lisa's hard earned new car.

"When we get back to the house we'll have to watch the video you shot." Lisa 
said.

"Oh so you noticed the camera huh?" Tom asked.

"You weren't exactly hiding the camera." Lisa said.

"I hope you aren't too mad at us about this." Eric said.

Lisa looks at her two life long friends.

"Nah...it's cool. It was actually pretty exciting. Besides...at this point you've both seen me naked already. Hang on boys we're gonna see what this baby can do." Lisa said.

Lisa floors it and the wheels squeal as the car accelerates. In a few seconds 
the only thing that can be seen are the taillights on the horizon. 










